good morning Oh Sara this was um look at
the balcony you ready oh this really
scares the hell out of me I can't wanna
hear say an outfit is hot jumping up and
down scary stuff um but hello everybody
how you doing
I'll show you my room now look my nose
is about some reason um so yeah look you
come in the door and it's a really cool
room because everything's like
minimalist and hidden in cupboards and
stuff so first we can't hear it and
you've got all these glass doors your
top yeah and like just everything's very
Oh everything's like hidden and stuff
shower lovely I've got over the house
already sure you right this is a
fold-down desk so that folds up from
that boom look these it looks like the
wall but hey it's an ironing board it
looks like a plank of wood but hey it's
a fridge you can tell these very small
things looks like me but yeah today I
think we're gonna go and play some money
Xbox games and stuff and just chill and
see what's what really I'm gonna go meet
up in a minute so now with this mag bath
mag ball
boy what we're in Germany for to do some
racing yes we are heading off to a cafe
to grab some food and then we are
heading over to the Xbox of em to go and
play some new games and stuff I did some
research and I tried to find like a
healthy cafe so did find the healthy
cafe well what I think is a healthy cat
favor everything's in German and I
couldn't find any English OH could be
interesting right is down that road
there
it's called cafe hibiscus no it was like
its minimum so the cafe is Menna be on
this road like I said up oh it's a cafe
this goes oh it's got a sign on the door
yeah yeah
oh it looks well like hipster II found
there it's a little like
the street cafe got a black coffee got a
super hope food health salad Bosh Bosh
Bob but really kind of loosening at
Gamescom this exports event so we're
gonna rush this and then head over that
so we got a text from Dom who works at
Xbox and he was saying like oh there's a
massive queue you guys need to be here
within 10 minutes and we were like ah
we're eating our food so we jumped in a
cab and we're on the way I don't think
it's very far but hopefully we'll make
it in time
the experts of that
that's the
okay
I'm so excited
see Nexus friends Julia amazing get
closer view on halo I'd sit down too
much audio as well
and what does showing you break down
some of the things with the rocket
launcher lock on his outfit creaming
over halo again I'm gonna come and try
and play some cod I think so I just
played some cod over there really like
actually and now I'm going to use a halo
with these boys
this little Kino till spring I've never
played this game
so we're all about to play Halo you got
outfit after your team captain right no
I've never played this Ally you've never
played this have you played it too much
paid it too much never played never
played it interests that's when you whip
semen drivin a german what
already I think I'm doing ambulance TV
shows as well ruin that gosh I was like
cement driving a gentleman with a chi
was looking at me like yeah last one I
saw fools that halo I got two kills so
you know really fun Ettore so men are
food essentially look you know I faced
by men there's us
I wonder through the blog I wonder if
people miss you
I wonder people I wonder if people miss
you or not I don't think they miss you
my outfit do an impression of a hungry
squirrel right now
I love them very much
I'm gonna try and play fifa we're gonna
try and find people befitting their
ability to play so we've gone go play
there
- just playing some for the thing that's
how you pronounce it this is a game that
I saw a couple weeks ago and it just
looks really cool don't really know how
you play it but the graphics and this
little thing is so cute I stay still
how cute this little thing
how he's trying left event and we're
dramatic have to give a close-up look
all these cool little like build us a
little but all the architectural man
it's like it's kind of cool being on
like the quietest road in the world
China taxi we saw this one lane a minute
Islands busy literally the busiest
public place you can walk
just for the shops also was torn up says
obviously we've said that we're here
know who we are
no we're so we just farmer and the sings
poster and then shot in Germany so how
if you went in there to buy hats - I am
Shea honesty I'm in the Marcus's at all
be buying me some shops as well opiate
Miami is spent seventy year old Marcus
three have you brought me one pair of
socks for 5 euros what one pack of socks
wasn't gonna say famous no my headband
on my headband no I don't care about
where any of hair was just like but we
bumped into a viewer who said a taxi was
like 10 minutes that way so we're gonna
go that way
so we're just about jumped in a taxi and
we bumped in small viewers hi guys sorry
this viewer has brought me a pair of
sunglasses just because they're from
Butler's my saw awesome thanks guys we
finally found taxis in Cologne that was
a mission and a half there's a taxi
right there
is it not a common thing so just fine
taxes on the street and flag them down
maybe not but we need to get this shit
man what you got
now none try again you get science time
what's it I say pull in what is it
whoa whoa whoa no is that the new white
one mum got freaking face a monkfish you
look you look a bit like a monk with
your hat on my or you say
Ginny on to it we need to go get some
food and we need to get some food well
yeah we need to get some food so you
know for a wonder wonder wonder deep
some food food food food
wonderfui wonderfui Yeah Yeah Yeah yes
pitting on the walls
boy I'm looking all day on my channel
yeah it's cool Marcus potli gaming don't
want the things that I like about
Germany is there buildings they're very
similar to light it reminds for someone
where I may look like parrots kind of
bit like buildings like this they're
just very like Germany looking that
makes sense
I don't know anyway we are about to go I
found this Asian place I think
so we're gonna go check it out I tried
to cool book but I don't think that it
worked so we're just gonna so this is a
cool little restaurant you get given
this
and you go to a buffet where you make
your own Bowl and then you hand it to
the chefs
and they cook it and bring it back to
looks like there's so much red run
without free when it's done it's almost
pump made them at the finish food
definitely what I want it
I'm so excited again come back to my
room just hang out and stuff mainly
watching fail compilation videos and if
you watch out Facebook you will
literally see the fuck his phone is on
and meet Ryloth them but we have just
opened a present each that fewer gave us
and I've got fishing rod to go his hat
and they didn't give it to us like
earlier on this was at the airport like
somehow she knew I was gonna get that
hat like on there's just been so zoomed
in oh one minute
I what did you get
so I got tattoos glitter tattoos and
obviously you can't get a glitter tattoo
and not take part in fartin so there's
the lift
goodbye lift the lift is right on the
door I don't know if I told you that so
in the lift goes up and down and
everything and you see me so yeah we're
gonna do some glitz tattoos cuz why not
in Germany right when in Germany get a
glitter tatoo when in Germany well in
Germany shit you're long model mouthing
where are they going
what so here what yeah there yeah yeah
yeah yeah
hold that what that you told on that
oh yes then I knew I was cold
look at that one sick okay that girl yes
go on take it off - I said yeah Matt
spit off slowly yes you're crazy you're
crazy man crazy
