good morning it's day 4 summer in the
city I'm gonna come and meet loads of
you guys with Alfie well actually going
with zone out for you and I think
outside so I'm gonna go but yeah sorry
the city here I go on the streets of
London never before seen on in a car in
a car with hello granddad Stockman
Chapman Chapman she's coming to Mikey
yeah we're on tour no perfect
Zoe's not some Google yeah I'm hoping
hey Marcus we love your floats here's a
pair of glass and take them home and do
whatever you want with them you say
that's what I'm hoping
but yeah that is the planet that is
palace that is Palace that is a lot of
people and there are a lot of people
hello everybody that can't see us
there's a lot of people up there but
there is a lot of people there's a lot
of people a lot of people I really want
them see you yes
putting the camera behind your head so
it's a circle there's people everywhere
people oh my god the queue still going
guys look it's just fit and finish there
you're coming to see me but thanks
thanks Joey
as I'm loading little big through
LittleBigPlanet 3 3 i played number one
and that used to be my favorite game and
I haven't played number two and the
three isn't even out yet so I'm so
excited to try and play this this is me
this little dude running around to be
number two number three that's nice
we're gonna keep up
your type Tyler Oakley gaming house
killing it or is there really well why
did it something good night time it's a
 oh really good
very exactly on that plan is your that's
how you turning this game your cuff I'm
very good and also still this is
actually how I Drive in real enough
actually is you probably killed about 20
people that deserve
you're not gonna win that sorry reason
Alfie's ii miss business go game
internal 9
so we and Alfred are off to do some
interview stuff with Channel 4 News
which is exciting
we're going to around the perimeter
we want more money so just um challenge
for honey not good look at this not
trust you man good luck Alfie agrees
it's a really hard thing to cool a
critic in future just because eg as a
whole has changed so much in the last
year's if you were to say oh in three
years time we you know what will you be
doing on YouTube that so long we don't
know you next time I come on you an
amazing opportunity to be in a film and
then progresses and acting for they like
you just don't know where you're going
to be on the we need meet and greets a
very famous
man to just move out now
yeah
spotted
yeah well look guys we're in the Meetup
and this viewer just gave me a no Meah
moving in prison and as a mug that she
made so cool this amazing viewer made me
and no me this I'm not gonna open it now
can you give me any hints as to what it
is without giving it away you are I
introduced myself to that opening video
I'm gonna you're the last guys in our
queue these guys on here prosper hi see
no bandanas alike in the hype and stuff
I just thought I'd try to take to the
next level one but come the next like
you know the names transfer so I thought
this was a pretty good look what do you
think thank you guys Alfie's got pretty
decently uh come in come in shot show me
hey yo which thing is this where we can
rock or I can change my voice like hey
my name's Bob and I like red bandana
quite back down
my bill has perfect
it's called the penis isn't it I
understand it was great man goodbye guys
goodbye goodbye boy boy boy
do it yeah just once back home and so so
tired and I got an excited limb Bob hair
looks at his smiling she's cooked really
nice oh this looks fun she does a man
it's well I haven't tried it there looks
very very fancy why isn't it
Shetty I could call Shetty it's
courgettes made into like spaghetti type
kind of strings and carrot and then
there's a pesto that I made from scratch
with avocado mint and looks so good it
does actually look amazing I'm just
going this is so cool
he's a whole book like just dedicated
for me it's so cool from but butter or
Butler Butler my muffin it's so cool
thanks for this individual tweeze cut
out that's so much effort and then look
how much writing there is oh my god I'm
gonna read through all of this oh it's
like a full-on fan but from other fans
and stuff oh okay this is one of the
presents I got given for me and now me
to open I've no idea what it is
open the parcel there's a slap look at
that it's oh my god - Marcus and know me
as a housewarming present - I hope you
like it love from and even Eve oh god
how do you pronounce that
Evangeline Evangeline I don't know how
to pronounce that
Evangeline Evangeline Evangeline well I
mean who either thank you because that
is so cute and I'm actually we should
put it up I don't know which we put
these guys will decide much better in a
minute
okay the next present for both of us is
another movie number one yeah look it's
a little mug that's so cute Marcus thing
you've made such inspirational videos
your healthiness is roughed me up on us
you're really cute couple and we wish
you the best future love Emily at Emily
and Charlotte at Charlotte Oh was it you
my fav okay I also got given this did
you look okay which I handed she on I
want you to open your ID opener oh how
good is that
that's insane now spin it so they can
see these guys
how cool is that
that's cool isn't that it's so realistic
you guys are crazier off
sheikha throw like that yeah thanks guys
this is so cute this is from thatch my
Butler it says Marcus Lloyd Butler and
then it's literally look how many of
these are and they're all reasons as to
why she loves me I love the jingles at
the end of your videos I love Margaret I
love the mini ramp videos like I love
the name Marcus Lloyd Butler and I have
no clue why there's so many of these
that's so freaking cute I love it
I got a monkey and it's wearing a mugs
but a TV t-shirt oh yeah aha get it yeah
boy let's go to the beach and do an S I
saw the monkey emoji oh yeah do the
three emojis there's that one okay that
one that one
another awesome drawing who's this one
from this is from Instagram at the
Abbeville that's so good I love seeing
like you guys do oh stop you're so
talented and when you guys do drawings
or illustrations or whatever it's so
awesome to just see your talent guys
looks hot lettuce notepad for like it
and they wrote our I hope you enjoy your
lettuce notepad because I'm inspiring
them to be helped so yeah and let his
mouth
