hello beautiful sexy people how's it
going great intro we like to be a bit
weird here on one market every now and
again we like to just try and experiment
with new things today is going to be one
of those days well you already know what
it is from the title so fast food chains
we've got three of them in this video
we've got three burgers from these
fast-food chains and what we're going to
be brewing is mixing them into one
burger and doing a taste test with that
the only thing is the stuff cold right
now so that's not going to be very nice
is it and I also don't really know how
it's going to work because it's like
they got three burgers I don't know ever
what I mean we're just going to see
we're just going to see you a bit okay
so those we've got our classic Big Mac
absolute classic at McDonald's can't go
wrong move it back we've got a classic
chicken burger from KFC and then we've
got the biggest of them all a massive
giant what pipe from the good old Burger
King if I was choosing one of those I
would probably go over whopper just
because baking you can't go wrong with
burgers like but we're going to mix them
together the chicken feels easier so
like the chicken we're going to take out
and put it into one of the others I just
don't know how we're going to put the
baking and the McDonald's into one so
yeah that's the idea
we've got three here on the plate we're
going to mix them and yeah alright let's
just get them out just get them out the
packaging the wrappers okay Big Sean Big
Mac isn't actually that big as it get
off bread it's not that big I mean if
you've got bread in the middle it's not
that big looks horrible
that's so dry don't it not me Pierre
that's good my thought process on there
is to get the chicken out of there
I'm doing because the water is so big we
put everything into the water okay a
better chicken in the middle iconic
water is huge
still smelled amazing I didn't know they
will have seeded buns so we got chicken
not sure one plate three burgers out on
the plate let's do this I'm going to
start dismantling the KFC Burger
that looks try doesn't it
all right that looks good though slap a
chicken get rid of that bun yeah I've
heard about burgers then we're gonna I
can't believe the difference in size
between I think Mac and a whopper like
seriously
did you know they were that big
indifference oh yeah there's like you
sure they get some prove it tomorrow
fruit or veg it's cotton fruit but no
one called their fruit you will be on
love a piece of fruit I'll go for
tomorrow yeah
would you fruit salad with okay and then
but then the big uh how about we do just
put the part right I'll show I'm going
to show on them the Big Mac Big Mac will
get rid of the top bun and what we do
this is the bottom half of the Big Mac
but I put both pieces of Pattie together
we're going to put the chicken on top of
that oh my god and then insert this pin
to just in the middle way for this is
mental is radicular look because the
size of that how on earth are you meant
to get young how am I going to get my
mouth around that you squash it that is
amazing that is genius I hear my father
I've proclaim on there this is about
3,000 calories probably as well I mean
I'm just going to go for it just to
squash it again yeah oh I'm squashing it
just eyes squidgy I can hear like you
thing about listen let me feel this it
got everything in here
I should not put that bit of bread in
there for the business that wasn't it is
so thick very ready all right I'm just
gonna
oh oh whoa oh man oh no that is
phenomenal for a pendulum rock pile
whoa whoa can I just say I had low
expectations of that just because of the
cold just because well sure like that
was unbelievable you guys McDonald's KFC
Burger King you need to like Collin of
some kind of like revenue plan and all
share combine your forces and make stuff
together because that that I've had so
much Hasselhoff that burger I'm
genuinely surprised by that and
impressed so good job I'm glad that
experiment work I feel like when we mix
up for it's being like okay but that was
the best thing I've ever met
thanks for watching let us know if you'd
like to see us do more stuff like this
or what we should do go over give the
video a thumbs up for that that was I'm
like genuinely impressed that that taste
is so good and I will see you tomorrow
with another video goodbye
