hello I've started to smoke by this we
someone told me about this Xbox fitness
then and I'm you wanted to go to the gym
and I was like no no no Xbox has this
fitness then so matheus just started
this fitness thing she's doing warmup
following this person it's actually so
cool and it was all free like it's not
paid for and it's all done with that and
let no Mimi's doing her stuff here and
you can see her there that's her look
that's so cool
I wonder if it actually like works I'm
gonna let her get on that I might have a
go in a bit we'll see but this is just
too fun watching
folks I just got very intense now the
hard you're doing excellent as it's
telling me it's great because the
neighbors might be annoyed beneath it
huh
awesome whoo oh we got five stars she
got five stars on that thing look out
sweaty shoes Nick
I've never seen you drip with sweat like
that maybe stand by the window now I'm
wondering whether I should have a
workout or not really there's not enough
room I think I'm certain cuz it's my not
gonna aircon gym yeah essentially do it
do the insanity one yeah but that's
really hard yeah
deny you just done one you don't need to
another one I've got something new for
the house it's more of an office thing
but yeah this is a filing cabinet which
is gonna be placed somewhere around here
to store all of my files also my hair is
kind of just like yeah cuz I've just had
a shower but I thought is it bad to put
like products in your hair every day
because I put quite a lot of protein so
I thought it might be better to try and
let my hair dry naturally and not use a
hair dryer and stuff like that I'm sure
loads you probably know the answer to
that so enlightened but um yeah I'm
gonna show you this
Dada I'm not quite sure if it goes stuff
but I'll do for now
it didn't come with any of the actual
thingamabobs which is what you know and
that means they're gonna have to get
those but oh that's also gonna be
annoying but um yeah that's that pretty
thin nice purple sorting out so much
stuff trying to sort out this room
because what you've got to be careful
when you're into the fact is we moved in
and we've got everything that we like
needed in there to live ye beds done
sofas blinds like stuff that's liveable
in an Internet so but then you can quite
easy just forget about all the other
things like just the whole load of junk
that's in the second row and then
putting up lights because obviously
there's no lights up and just like the
finishing touches to really make it your
home so we're trying to spend spare time
that we've got doing stuff with that
certain moment I'm going through all
this stuff
no he's just making food right now so I
make a start on this so no put that one
there and make that like done and then
I've also we've gone through all of this
cupboard here so we've got storage
covered here which had load of crap
there so I've taken all the crap out put
into this rubbish bin and moving paint
up there we're going to use this like
Hoover storage and stuff like that so
yeah lots sort out yum yum sweet potato
fries again we do quinoa I'm heating up
nice there we go we are gonna paint
these walls in this room all this colour
from base up to ceiling even that wipe
it there is going to be that color and
then we've got weather that color is
gonna be the skirt in all around like
the base of the room and we've got
Purbeck stone which is going to be all
those wardrobes colored in that to kind
of give it a bit of a contrast and yeah
we really like those colors yeah so
that's done now need to edit and then
we're gonna have dinner with my dad soon
so yeah
so we are now on our way for dinner in a
windy road isn't that great
but we're on our way to dinner with my
father when I say we man this one don't
cool spin yeah cool spin we've come
Shoreham because my dad lives him where
then we didn't bright and so he thought
we'd meet halfway
yeah we went to school in Detroit and I
boys just like drop it I was actually
born here I lived here for like twelve
thirteen years so this is technically my
own town even though it's literally like
five ten minutes 84 Brighton this is
technically my hometown I'm where I'm
from sure I'm born and bred Shoreham by
sea
that's what's called but I'll film
little key bits because it is it we used
to go to Cairo service every Christmas
and it's always I like it because we
used to sing the carols under stroke
with our friends this is the church
this is shoreline Amaro sorry
yeah and it's for who's never nice
weather like this but this is all change
since I was very honest yeah - the
cavalry had tables like that very fast
that's a footbridge that leads that's
basic shore and beach on that side it's
like another village yeah the one means
to cross you fella it's gonna fall down
yeah but now it looks a lot better it's
also a subway coming up here somewhere I
think but we had so many like when we
used summer house parties at my dad's
house my dad just immature for your used
to come down the subway every night
school we used to come through subway
lines I'll show you this subway it's
that you come up probably see it funny
huh because that's just the Sun awesome
and there's always been this I call it a
famous pop it's not really famous I know
I just always look at the memories of
the subway all those times that I went
in there
Oh
fruiting it yeah oh but yeah that's rush
on we go to with that oh yeah look at
this door go on just go in
I used to always want to go in there as
well
it's a man moaning love this ice cream
of course hey if I speak but it's like
an alternative its dairy-free yeah I
first heard it from my heart
yeah we've only going to get in one
place and my job
that light screen even though it's like
vegan I'll have a no idea but it is
beacon
if Beatty has committed four ingredients
and that sounds really really boring but
honestly is the most delicious thing in
the world and then they've got one less
distance I'm just honest chocolate
honestly you guys you should try it
before like turning those I've had in a
minute ago I was like yeah I'm so
excited for ice cream even though it's
not cream literally a whole tub later I
left like this much in the tub I'm not
joking
I didn't turn the tub oh yeah that you
saw the size of the tub and because it's
like dark chocolate is kind of richer
and now I honestly feel so sick like
amber pee and I've never really
understood never really had that even
like when I was younger I never used to
eat that much ice cream you know when
someone's like yeah I've eaten so much
ice cream for sick never understood that
but now I really feel your pain I am in
an ice cream coma that's gone past coma
oh so I only hit the water anyway so I'm
gonna go into my food coma now and
probably be sick so goodbye
