I do I really like your love makes me
love spring back oh I've got a look I've
done my big toe how big this is just a
spritzer
your hair looks impeccable in my looks
go JD both have like GZ suffer no wait I
fill my holes are big enough oh my god
yeah feel homeless sentence okay lowing
up like a very windy hallway I know why
it does that because the hole gets too
big and too much air tries to flow out
so just explodes them rampages
everywhere yeah well rather work very
science either day markets what a
nutshell panic American battle what are
we doing using the video okay buddy no
come on Troy's okay five pounds that's
sensible five hours it's not it doesn't
smell do you have to put your head right
in it Oh smelling the odor but it was
moist I felt our we also known another
video I can't speak over on top we also
have in the video Titus haha Charlie
Channel
in special to my birthday vlog it's my
birthday today
and birthing me hello
Oh goodbye balloons you know here's what
I think I'm too enough to get much oh my
god be so careful with these scissors oh
my god are you on the drugs oh my god
let's get it
Marcus give money like your shoulder go
so you follow the attack okay beasts oh
my god oh he did damn try to name this
color alright without using the word
orange a subtle tangerine on a summer
day that's okay
huh this is like a nice cherry blossom
isn't cherry cola whoa you just
blew my mind if I died I would expect
this video to get the most likes that
you've ever gotten we've been touring
this leaf a mile it was so real we also
did a video on my channel where we what
do we do you Chiba move well we were
presented with morphed youtubers morph
together and we end up trying to figure
out who they were going to post cute I'm
funny so make sure you go to the
wireless was any quotes subscribe like
this video and subscribe to Marcus let
you to do an Irish accent the Guinness
Oh
