Hey
maybe I should stop saying morning how
y'all doing
I am going to work out and then today
I'm going to a beat the camera nah man
yeah I'm going to I beat there today
with five of my friends which should be
really fun I'm not only going for four
or five days but should be really good
and then literally the day I get back
mother died oh yeah my family then so
yeah I've just had all of a sudden and
overwhelming joy come about me that's
the crash hood I guess it's because it's
just something I'm going to be through
with my friends my best friends do you
guys that I'm going with the bike my
friends that I've grown up from with
school and stuff and we've been away a
few times before but always since we've
done since we were younger we said we'd
do I beat her but we've never really got
around to doing it so the fact now like
thinking that I'm actually going to
Ibiza is kind of weird but I'm very
excited and I guess I'm also more
excited and a bit emotional because I
was like having lunch downstairs and
making my bed and I was like wait this
is gonna be the second to last time I
ever do this living at home like I'm
only gonna sleep one more night in this
bed before I move out and start my own
non-stop my life but become an official
adult and stuff and yeah obviously I'll
be back here and stuff but I don't know
it just started making me think I'm very
excited I'm very excited for next stage
of my life you know moving out having my
own place and taking on all those
commitments and stuff and obviously
sharing my life with you guys like I'm
really excited for that part of my life
so I hope you are too
the boys Fiat Nader the art solemn who's
made his brother and you know you got
the main boy Dave that Dave's name boy
Dave top dog but there's four here out
of six of us and we just got to the
airport my dad dropped us off we're
gonna check without the other - yeah so
I went outside and did like this don't
we meet up next thing the waiter comes
over gives us four more beers and it's
like our fully deserves some beers being
so nice
thanks Jamie may not be yeah just go to
the hotel and it is absolutely boiling
the aircon doesn't even work there's
mosquitoes everywhere in this room the
window is wide open
the woman was like must keep the window
shop yeah it's working it's working
ah the lights are on good morning hello
oh and there might some wind they just
forgot to vlog a bit but it's like 12
o'clock we've already had breakfast most
the boys are going down and sharing by
the beach pool but because the Wi-Fi
sucks and I need to upload I need to go
into I beat the town and try and pick up
some kind of dumb wool that I can't blow
it off I'm nice you have 4G here or if
you even have dongles in I beat the
certain hope I'll be able to find some
man the streets of Ibiza look at the
weather how nice these are though
that's the current temperature outside
by the way brief flipping on look what I
found
there's an orange and a Vodafone lovely
lady in orange told me orange don't do
them so I went to Vodafone that is why I
need literally that thing when it's
loaded mine there's probably a good 10
people waiting in line and there's only
two big to the work there it's an orange
again and she's sending us down the road
to the phone shrimp or something
probably means that they don't mood to
save her the door wink get out this is
turning into the biggest Mitch / failure
right now we so went to that fine shot
and they didn't went back to Vodafone
because I found in a magazine that they
did wait it for about half an ounce get
seen then they were like oh they're all
sold out so then they said there's
another boat phone so we got tracks into
the next Vodafone
and they didn't have any either then now
she's sitting on the phone shop so we're
gonna go to this phone shop now and for
all the efforts turns out that there's
absolutely no possibilities to get a
dongle connection or any kind of mobile
internet connection which is great and
we were just stressing out on finding
cap will be wandering up about 30
minutes from a funny cab sitting there
like we're gonna get cap staying on side
of the road perhaps and caps going pops
waving like all full and all of a sudden
we'll actually all someone so turn they
go to Spanish guy and I was like English
sexy and he's a thunder thunder and then
he lychee guy that it's a miracle got
that food you know dynastar I thought
I'd order some fish yes sir for me
this lady's Danielle
see that's that's what I'm talking about
not to drink with Dave because Dave is
all mate your day good night
you're dead rock show
