I've been thinking about you oh I've
been thinking about you man everything
that's how high is it hi heading off to
the gym small name lovely lovely job net
oops don't my shoes on I'm actually
really really excited because I just had
a delivery and I'm pretty sure it's an
Xbox and Xbox sent me an Xbox the other
day which was pretty cool damn nice of
them next one which I'm short for so
hope there's that but I'll open it when
I get back because I'm vlogging when I
really don't have time to blog right now
so off to the gym video guys focus focus
focus focus focus
oh my god Wow awesome camera woo love
this camera there you go look guys I got
my behind the scenes of a know me smart
YouTube video this is what yeah it's
what Margaret's gonna do later
yeah yeah so big
comminuted traffic traffic traffic I
hate traffic
and it's a sunny day in Brighton so I
guess that means a lot of people want to
come into town so yeah that's good but
I'm going into town to get some food
NIMS we're taking separate closet
because we've both got different things
to do and then I need to get some stuff
cuz I'm going to Ibiza in a couple of
days I need to get like some cream and
make sure I've got all my stuff like
that and then I need to film a Margaret
video hopefully so I also need to think
about that we've come to super dry super
trolly actually we go to get anything
stuff for me going away and also for a
margaret video and look whose little
face I've just seen this bar all her
stuff are so cool
come on Margaret I'm Oliver who'd wear
this
wouldn't share should I buy this for
Margaret I'm gonna buy this for
Minecraft so we check out this new place
my trainer Brighton just near waitress
in town
it's like vegetarian and start another
vegetarian but just to mix up a bit I
don't even know I got something I got
enchilada chickpeas and cabbage vegan
curry how nice was that food honestly
don't think my belly is like jiggling
every single step so I'm having to act
too slow right now so forth yum yum yum
yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum no way
it's not various states they're not
really awesome on they fit so well
they're my new flip-flops that I got I
didn't have time to try them online I
try them on in a sec but who just feels
that they can have that tickles oh all
that fine aren't that yeah you don't
thought I'd go for something a bit
different got them from shoot shoo shoo
squidgy squid squid by the way this is
the first time you probably see my feet
look how big my big toe is you've never
seen them before I don't have that nice
or horrible feet I think that just kind
of move your feet but the size of the
big toe is something quite special and
it reflects very similarly to the shape
of my thumb just you can see they're
very interesting for you what was I
saying
yeah does anyone else have cereal at any
time of the day it is what's the time
five o'clock and I got bowl of cereal
I'm so hungry
that's what I was going to say I am off
to the cinema and a bit and for dinner
with my sister because she goes back to
America soon and this will kind of be
like the last time we spend together I
guess before she was back so yeah okay
so I'm now offered dinner with little H
loving a little backpack was it from and
Finan bear in London that's so cool
she's got my popcorn snacks in there
because
yeah obviously is where you keep
bringing your own stuff they're not
buying the cinema because they charge
you so much money but we're gonna try
bill is in Brighton with Raonic we've
got 40 minutes till the films I don't
know so pushing it up there do you think
we're pushing it on the other side it
looks like there was this always busy I
don't know if you can even see me come
behind me but Bill's is always busy so
you might be pushing it I'm gonna a bit
away from the cinemas that could be
interesting Buddhists um I have chicken
many corn broccoli soup potato fries
although I'm tied a burger might as well
so we rushed basically obviously we
rushed off food rush the mail rush for
the bill literary sport over there like
Powell got here and have a film got here
at 8:00 on the docks relaxation tickets
get food get in and Rose the film's
actually at 8:15 so that's good
also good that wasn't early in focus its
train your dragon 2 we watched the first
one together so
just go back and just see me mouth it's
not sweet since I've had contacts and
I'm wearing them obviously daily when I
put this first on one glass and it may
be now a week or so and it feels really
weird like all of a sudden feel I forget
what it feels like to wear glasses and
have them on your face and I'm keep
looking at the edges like just fun
interesting story for you there the film
was so good
hey was house-trained my dragon pot 2 or
number 2 so good how good was the film I
did it was so so good wasn't Charlie's
recording it and I've got a check mark
flipping video because this stupid
internet I thought my vlog was uploading
when I left obviously it wasn't oh yeah
stuck on 65% awesome love that love that
okay so just before I end this vlog and
go to bed I wanted to share something
with you
so knowing his cousin who's 15
her best friend unfortunately passed
away from a disease called aplastic
anemia which she suffered from last year
and it was a terrible terrible thing and
obviously Arabella named his cousin was
distraught and stuff but kind of like
help give something back towards other
people suffering from that her and her
mom are gonna be chopping seven inches
off of their hair all in eighth raising
money and what they're also doing with
the hair that's being chopped off so the
7 inches of hair that's being shipped
off they're going to be donating that
hair to the little princess Trust which
is an organization that helps their wigs
for children suffering from cancer and
so that so it's all like a really good
cause now they've got a donation goal of
a thousand pound
and at the moment they're about 400
pounds I think I've just donated 50
pounds myself so the reason I'm making
this video message is to see if any of
you guys want to help out I'm not
forcing anything down your throat so I'm
just
if you're feeling nice you can donate
anything any amount you want so there's
two ways that you can help sponsor them
and help them reach their goal
you can either text if you're in the UK
I'll put a link just down there you can
put anything between 1 and 10 pounds all
you have to do is text that number and
then put your amount to either one
pounds two pounds and that goes up to 10
pounds or you can donate online anywhere
in the world I'll put the link down
there as well like I said feel free if
you want to go and help them out by all
means
I'm just doing this because I want to
help out as much as I can and obviously
I have an audience of hundreds of
thousands of people so might be worth
reaching out some you guys but yeah so
if you interesting doing that feel free
to otherwise I will see you guys
tomorrow good bye
