good morning don't really know why
wearing some what's inside I guess it's
because I'm about to leave today is a
mytouch technology that's silly today is
the big day I say the lobby day in terms
of filming now remember last week I
filmed a thief his channel well this
week we're filming from my channel so
it's going to be a very very messy video
but let's go pick up now you need to go
back via the supermarket to buy a fish
which you'll find out why i'm sure and
i'm wearing some old clothes so what I'm
wearing that's just give me an idea with
my baggy trousers so yeah so I'm back at
home um ready to you know I'm just
coming here to set my video got bin bag
nice bin bag wait what ways are you
could probably stand up is literally the
biggest thing but are you been man oh so
yeah you can use this in a parachute
it's so big I don't jump
that I can actually work I do them such
a big dinner and you know we're gonna be
filming here so just thought I'd buy
these to help with the mess and stuff of
that so hopefully it works this is the
aftermath of the video what do you
reckon so again so good um yeah I need
to clean up now it literally feels like
we're in breaking bad for you hiding
Marcus guys left time for a wing is it
working yeah I mean shows what we've got
left so this is what we've got left just
it's a mess so you should have seen it
you'll see it in the video and then
you'll understand what we've been
tricked so back Alfie's after an intense
cleanup session but I think we did
pretty good you know it got to a
reasonable standard will first see if my
parents find out before me tame them
when they are holiday but unweave
holiday yeah that's liking them we've
literally run to grab some food food
addict I'm introducing our fee to the
best plays of Brighton show alpha copy
me as pair Bosh sweet potato unmask a
bit tricky much congressi and some
broccoli so that this yum yum mmm go pro
oh it's good thing it's focused
alber actually her I'm heading off to
the gym I never have done a lot i went
to gym it this time like seven at night
with my friend Naida who you saw the
other day it is like a gym box like he's
being at the gym for like years and
stuff so I'm might have him in ages we
used to work out when we're younger and
younger like two or three years ago so
that should be in all its dead enough I
don't actually think I can I can't
honestly hold my arms up I'm with this
sausage meister need an hour cuz it the
other day I pay you just accept because
sausage Meister um oh my god that was
like a two hour workout I can't I
literally want I'm just gonna hold the
camera here and told you here um yeah hi
it's a little bit bit steaming here
isn't it that's what happens when two
hot guys getting the car I also just got
recognized in the gym for the first time
since I've been coming out only been
here like I've only joined by a month
ago so that's cool like nice and sweaty
and stuff they just get right I saw your
car OH
will you be rich cause he said all this
will they but yeah
no I don't trust your driving sober let
right so that look clear that no man
it's foggy and it's such a beautiful day
evening night I don't really think of
things and a doctor there's gonna be
some kind of heat wave in England this
week I think it's going to get to like
30 degrees just on that you can really
feel it now because it's nice summer's
evening nice breezy nice and other
I'm gonna go home and eat some starving
and also it's a bit annoying because i
left my blog type work beforehand to the
gym but it hasn't uploaded so something
I see them on their son in thf on that
Marcus make your bed oh no oh my little
heart Paul he's your favorite she's
doing I love that color me to you again
oh you're on my freshman oh no he's
trying to play at the car nothing come
on it Oh a little way there she follows
it well yes you guys where is it where
is it hey smelly fish / just met put you
on ice in her mouth come on line with me
smell my armpit Mickey has to be in a
cuddly mood yesterday she is she lets
you know when she's bored Lee oh my god
you've got pee on your night look at her
pool Oh this'll give update on my leg
she got her thumb again no you fool yeah
she doesn't she like me
she doesn't like that she likes you I
think you're happy yeah and I'm my
favorite oh my God thank you yeah my God
my hand looks so big on her head her she
never met he never lies on white
people's chests though she doesn't me
does she yeah actually sometimes at
night you come along and respite I just
realized that I'm not literally lying
here just like thank you what oh let's
jump up cumshot show us that ass she
never does start with you all the moms
Oh mark you made your bed you me know oh
really how to pump in the camera then
huh what do you spell me maybe we're all
these strippers there are you serious
okay can you not see that bitch about
ten drop this oh yes even if she just
sprayed on me what a smile spit didn't
blow that Spence off it's not what it
that's it yeah she's funny my feet oh
she look like a lion then
sprauer for cats are so fun to play with
my so fun so wet by men look at this
look at this by Nicki up this is
literally been in my bed floor oh my god
I look so bad on the camera eater half
my get this is new sheets this is really
of lipid droplets on how I'm feeling cuz
making my bed for me as a niche as well
oh I just push my finger down hard on
their shit that is your finger let's see
ya Oh clumsy monkey I'm still recording
