good morning ladies gentlemen boys and
girls look at my quick game my hair is
long on the top Wow um we are heading
off to the gym because it's Jim day Jim
day Jim day
it's Lakes day I'm gonna go and do a leg
workout and get really pumped and I've
just been looking at like the rock since
Tranio rock because in Dwayne Johnson
I've been looking at his Instagram and
his arms are just like he's just a beast
so no I certainly don't want to like him
but he's like I was reading this
magazine with like his motivational tips
and then stuff so we're gonna go pump
that iron yeah Jim session over
they are literally painted you know that
feeling when you sometimes stand up and
you have like blood rush and it comes to
quick head rocks and then you get dizzy
but that's like two or three seconds we
were doing this thing and then I
suddenly had it for about ten or fifteen
seconds and I've never fainted before so
I don't really know if that's like on
the way to fainting and I literally just
had to sit down but with my head in my
hands like this
a partner so I'm here trying to make lon
Marcus your psyche laughter then I had
came on here I let you just shook it oh
my god
floor is actually carving quinoa if mom
watches this video she's nothing oh yeah
hiding fruit out quick we've got these
two kubaton the tall one super hair that
is there's one there and one there
you literally just yeah I'm how you do
this there you go look at that they're
not like proper Hoover's they just come
I whenever you need
hey we have made the absolute best lunch
oh my god it looks so good so we've got
first we got sweet potato fries homemade
and we've got here
grilled chicken on the barbecue homemade
guac quinoa spinach sweet corn oh my god
on my pass-outs Oh hon we're so excited
even at the box taping of the box I also
want to know if this is like correct
because I don't have to know how to tape
or what aim but to the point when I was
like hmm I don't know what happens if I
google video Google video YouTube video
so I fold one down but you have one over
flip the other one over and flip the
other one over is that the strongest
with photo box I'll know you tell me if
you're ever packing boxes this machine
thing is like the dawn by step that time
has it for a business he does lots of
like that chain stuff and it's like the
are so amazing
so in this book it's going to be mash
use as some of you may not
pairs of shoes not one minute 90 by hot
love shoes so yeah I've got to start
going through my shoes downstairs I'm
choosing what I do and don't want a so I
might as I'll show you guys my shoes the
little shoe collection home fell out of
breath
Harry Harry boxes of shoes open on
stairs
turns out make sure breath um I haven't
even started on the shoes yet and I
didn't actually I knew had a lot of
shoes over the years because obviously
my shoe sizes stayed the same
so I've gathered a fairly large shoe
collection most numbers he might say
obviously most of them I don't wear
bottom about sorting up I want to show
you them just from here you can see them
this is them I haven't even started
actually going through the me out I've
started laying somehow that's a whole
other pilot as well as that I've got a
whole nother pile still there to bring
down had no idea this many pairs of
shoes also feel really bad and kind of
guilty now look at that that is
ridiculous along with it all of these
wow geez time to sort out as well hey
guys I've got them all laid out there's
56 pairs of shoes oh my god hello name
is here to her eyes I'd say more huh
yeah you worried about 5,000 shoes these
you've had since you're about 10 yes the
pair my feet have been size 9 nine and a
half for like what 8 years so this is no
more than a Bruin please Fred Perry ha
he went
well we're a college yeah Maggie please
don't see whether these that's their
actual football boots those a long time
ago oh the black convert army okay
what's your favorite pair of all the
shoes you're on my name unit these yeah
they're my favorite
these are my boots really well
thank you
what about my gold ones I love those I
got these when I wore these to the One
Direction premiere I love these we did
that cool but they're not my favorite
I also liked your desert boots of the
leopard print yeah I don't really wear
those and your corn recipes yeah
converse everyone I feel hostile pair of
Converse yeah I've got a couple of pairs
that are just look at all those out
covering wipes you keep uneasy
straighten up on these Hey
oh my god all my past is these are like
one of my first pair of basketball boots
these are LeBron James when he first
went into the league so these IDs and I
was like 13
I love these oh my god you got recent 70
when did you are these don't mean oh I
don't remember that I don't think these
you well you can fold them down they
note you can fold them down they are
mine can you put this on back well since
they're my old work shoes these old boys
up Heidi's not going to believe oh why
do you wait until you see what's in here
are you seeing
Marcus how many pairs 56 he says
oh I like these ones these are my night
Kwan's with holes in them they're pretty
cool you're you're you're both as bad as
each other no I know but I'm a girl so
much we're making a bin bag here to take
the charity of shoes that you know like
a good but these are about must be five
years old and I just don't wear these
anymore so we're going to take all these
charities or Air Jordans at the time I
thought was an absolute baller the
others memories there my shirt my
favorite pair of basketball shoes well
I'd rather keep them they might be a
limited edition one-day limited edition
they're cool that reminds you of when I
did Guinness for Guinness World Records
look okay look this is a whole cupboard
space now just for memories of times
wore these shoes
okay off issues I don't need to keep
these yeah I think
but I was gonna say useful in handy
no I plus I've got vote like my these
black ones and stuff okay Fred Perry's
look it they really love you smell it
smell up
kiss bombs come on over time do for the
video okay they're at ease yeah yeah oh
yeah ready
and jump honey money oh that little
electric wheels
hey when he gets around cracks down on
that and then better go up okay okay
really good here we go come on come on
come on
okay yeah Oh nearly well Oh recovered on
you did it for free mounting oh my god
for you oh oh yeah that's why I press
apply those right-handed right-handed
left-handed thinkin Odin quite right no
no we got it from the top or you have
the wrap we go oh yes
hey yeah I've got stolen points
