hello there ello some second or anything
my video which you would have seen by
now hopefully and I might just put in
some bloopers from that video into this
video because there's a few parts where
like you know I'm not even gonna tell
you I'm just gonna put the clips off to
this so here are some of the bloopers
from yesterday's main channel video
oh you guys can kiss all that was cute
Misty's a bit chops aren't in it it's
pretty nifty this is very very need to
be wrapped more on the bottom what no on
the right exactly they're on the other
side on the inside mine you rob
something on my nose rob something
they're thinking of my husband no I
can't I get the cushion
it's perfect PAP was a bit of fun yeah
so I rolled around all night
 Birds
did that local not worried it no really
he won't stay saying this is the problem
you can't be holding him now wipe the
nose okay you are they yeah I've got
leave country tarp RC car consciousness
stay with me stay with me for just one
day we are off for some la Ruffa family
lunch family lunch with the family with
the family with my family my family my
familia muff are free car that you see
on the right-hand side of the road you
have to make first and so far no side of
the road so it's the cars coming towards
us ok no that doesn't count because
they're not we're stuck at red light
right now so calm we can't really do
much I think said hello ladies like no I
think he thinks I'm a lady
that boy in the car that thing's milady
that's weird
where that doesn't count my Stood Still
I'm gonna hold it here too it goes great
okay great go go go bye
EMW BMW Toyota Skoda vwg howdy oh that
was a good spot okay now turn
okay Minnie good spot they can't even
see it yeah oh what's that is that food
nothing it's a bug no sir Chevrolet
it's a yeah Chevrolet fo'c'sle VW o ye
shoddy Peugeot hi man could see that
Mazda Honda verno see yeah yeah see it's
gonna Alfa Romeo smart fear it's not a
scooter is not for they're winning I'm
winning people oh wow look it's little
the kids the kids spin seen his shoulder
okay
cars and cars around renault Citroen
Citroen Citroen Citroen Citroen bus
the road
Natsuki strengthening teacher project
tomorrow at lunch was good it was like a
four-course meal that went on for like
literally four hours and I didn't film
anything because there was like 12
family peeps and it was a busy
restaurant and I thought it might be it
had walks and by back home editing main
Channel video oh and I'm so hot I'm
literally sitting here in my boxers
because I'm that hot so editing session
need to finish this and then I want to
watch the World Cup because I kind of
want Germany to be Argentina so I've got
my two videos up main channel one is up
people seem to be liking it and my
second Channel video has just went up as
well and I'm sitting here watching the
World Cup final who's been Germany and
Argentina I'm rooting for Germany I'm
here Nader now Nader is just like a bit
of being given him some like little
healthy snacks and my auntie makes these
like healthy cookies and inators like oh
yeah I really want one
so I was like hey I want to film and try
just see his reaction because you might
love it my hair so I thought it'd be
funny to film I'll tell you what's in
them after yeah so the main ingredient
you don't even like I didn't I didn't
like in joke do you don't like it too
manager salt oats in them is ginger
coconut milk mmm
okay so in the Maeder is ginger oh no
this doesn't even tell you what's a
I'm sorry it's like ginger coconut milk
flaxseed coconut no brown sugar and some
other stuff but she put a note on the
new table that she gave me and she said
no for next time if you want to make
them she said put less ginger oh yeah
yeah oh he's a changed man he now likes
ginger Bobby he's gonna finish that now
and you know my school predictions for
the rest this half I'm going to one
Germany reason what a goal that was I'm
sorry if any of you've been watching the
World Cup which I think a lot of you
have what a goal
moments away
maybe I'm messy final minutes last kick
of the game I can't see him I just don't
think I've seen him score a free kick
from that fall is he gonna hit it for go
surely not
doesn't take one runner way
