morning Lola I have an appointment in
church stir at 11:30 and noemi's going
to Ascot today with some of the friends
and the plan was to wake up at 8:00 drop
no me off inherited to her friends and
then drive to my friend's house in were
then pick him up then drive to church
stuff for my appointment
um but turns out we woke up and I was
like
it's half 9:00 I was like oh um so
yeah we were kind of running really late
so I can't drop know me anymore her
mom's going to drop her but I thought
I'd share that start of the day with you
so just finish that meeting that went on
for nearly three hours two and half
hours
I'm here with Samuel and Sam we're gonna
grab some Nando's because we're starving
and there's one round the corner so yeah
we thought we'd swing by here and then
I've ordered these balloons with this
video that I'm filming slider so much it
goes up and then the hell but and film
with Tyler I guess it's also boiling
why am i wearing one see white Chevy
come to the boy Nando's itself but my
chicken sweet potato mash and a side
salad with avocado and Sam went for the
healthy option a hard kick you know me
but my chicken guy bread very good
so I'm here at the balloon place and I
think it's gonna be interesting this is
the same place when I film with Casper
we came to get the balloons and it was a
massive struggle to getting in my car
because there were so many balloons and
obviously those two people obviously
it's just myself hoping it's not gonna
be as odd but saying that you never know
so hope you stop okay so I have the
balloons and there is no room in the car
whatsoever literally no room I'm also a
little bit scared because I ask this
woman if it is pure helium because I
know you got in healthier helium helium
and she said it's not pure helium it's
recycled helium but she said they also
have a layer of liquid latex or
something which can be very harmful so
might have to ii think this video i'll
see what the guys say when I'm with them
hello everybody I haven't blogged like
years because I've just been so busy
been so busy ah vibe can you guess his
place of in right now I'm here with
Tyler and Zoe also known as Isla who we
felt then I've always said that I'm
filming with you I'm until the more
filming I haven't said where I'm filming
I haven't said how long we're filming
for but we're filming
we cut the answered but though is being
like Tyler starts right now my son
everything I've literally haven't I feel
great it's why we have a big box gym
holiday in kitchen so it's essential for
every kitchen I'm trying to talk up a
man girl this is an oven max that's an
oven that no this is a wash the smell
Josh there's with that no new dishes
night wash you wash it's a back
scratcher you wash your back with it you
wash your body with it no you wash is it
a washer you want me to touch with it
yeah you can touch with it is it a
washer fake tan man no spa balls ball is
a massage then hey you wash your feet
with it
Nick your hands with that Nick can you
face a bit assist Nick is this right you
wear on your hand yeah mmm
wash what is did you guys ever dinner
nope you can wash refine your face your
face
I just suppose it's a face on it your
hair huh yeah face wash your face I I
didn't receive it no look heis eyes eyes
eyes eyes thank you so to the face you
wash your eyes i makeup that sounds
wrong is it for is it like how it sounds
like a hot water hot I look around
makeup it's to wash makeup off oh wow
your face nice minutes minute oh you
watch you oh you watch these look what
you wash these mother what is it's not
like it smells like nothing it smells
like I'm for spar you know any air
massage
oh yeah it does were you with us in
Italy when we got massages no but I did
gallon on that same plates and I was
relief loofah lethal it was the best
this is my
that's on you every day what a cool vlog
again last night
let me smell peppermint chamomile
chamomile what no that's spinnin
peppermint oh that was an hour leave
are you just collecting plants and
Korean gardening doesn't smother basil
they gone off Lois goodness why it looks
a bit like oh I love basil basil basil
um but anyway we are about to film and
then do something awful okay so we
finished filming which went really well
then they go out Tyler everyone really
well there's like balloon pots
stuck to Zoe's wall whoops
hey just eaten and I'm gonna leave soon
but Alfie just thought it was good to
show him this video so on have you don't
see it yeah no I have a video ever
okay right try not to laugh the guys
Bueller
no this is don't talk with Oh what's
this hey member um anyway on that note
I'm gonna end this bloke here I will see
you guys tomorrow bye bye
