the party I'm loving that song what
Shawn Mendes it was a vine like dude and
now he's signed to record label and he
released its first single which is
really awesome and I think I brought it
on my sunday sounds anyway hi hello
no I'm shouting I saw pipe into the gym
this morning already
and I'm gonna go and shower and then
what I need to do is start actually
packing stuff up so I've got my first
box here haven't taped it yet I'm gonna
tape it up of this little machine thing
that could be interesting got a bunch
more boxes there and I've decided yeah I
need to start actually going through
stuff because with my room this so much
like clutter like just clutter and in
all these drawers need to go through all
these drawers all these drawers all
these drawers all these drawers so I'm
thinking I'm gonna start with like this
thing and go through this oh look at
that
any of you have seen this I a fan gave
this to me ages ago at a meet-up
it's a coaster pretty cool huh yeah and
then I need to edit my video and also do
the filming of sketch parts it wasn't
very good English but also do you were
asking about my cats and like how many
cats I have and what they called and
stuff so I have two cats I say I and my
family cat so they're not really one
this is one this is Merlin and a lot of
people thought in his golden mouse I
guess that's because when I call him I
call him mouths so I'm like you know and
he likes to headbutt the camera lens and
catch a lot of mice and birds don't you
and the other cat which is like the
leopard II kind of color one it's called
Mickey Mouse wanna move out I really
really want to get a cat
no don't really need my Apple no Northey
so I've now moved on to this side of my
room and drawers have gone through a
straw announced this drop and I'm
starting to come across like all my old
things like this was on my phone I've
got two right here did anybody have this
phone the Nokia n95 it hasn't got a
thing on but it I was like looking at it
now I thought is the best thing like you
slide up to get there oh yeah
funky not quite touchscreen yet and
slide that way it's not focusing I don't
know why it's not way exam started that
way and you've got your like little
player and stuff there oh that's so cool
and the camera has a little like the
shutter thing back in the day of good
old phones see what I come up with some
food I made some sweet potato this
camera dude some sweet potato cooked
some chicken with some spinach and
there's like a bean salad thing in there
as well
does anybody remember this video the
reason watching it is because I am
filming with Tyler tomorrow actually so
by the time you're watching this I
probably would have filmed with them or
be filming with them around that fanny
way hello
what did I say hello yeah we have
ordered some pizza but what kind of
pizza is that help feel pizza so there's
this pizza place in Brighton for pete's
face if you're from Brighton I'd highly
recommend that you check it out
it yeah it doesn't just do healthy
pizzas it does like all kinds of pieces
but it's really really good and they're
all like homemade ingredients and
they're just full of goodness
this isn't one city that just throw out
there but you should check it out if
you're in Brighton we are about to film
the sketch parts for my video I need it
to be slightly darker because you'll
find that way soon
I want to show you Merlin look at Merlin
Merlin it's up here he never this is a
cat thing that we have and we got it
when we got the cats and they've never
used it and he oh you just ruined the
vlog because you've ruined my excitement
I'm saying
I thought he'd find like them oh he
doesn't like you stretch
he does he's computers now to get down
that's why probably hasn't moved City
play but he's got she'll be careful
because just over there you'd fall down
there do you know he's he's sometimes
he's literally standing on here walking
along his now so that does not look
Empress
he's chilled is not wriggling - yeah
he's comment field don't say that hey
hey hey does he like his tummy being
straight do you think sure we like snot
in that no no doesn't I'm very vocal to
my are we see he's chilled
do you like it
look he's gonna fall give it like 20
seconds and those eyes will be shot
don't blow them yeah he didn't like it
lucky
remember damn bridge did you have a
toothbrush
yeah that's a crap huh yeah that Tanya's
favorite if you ever seen time you d1 oh
geez just sleep on the phone I can do it
oh can I forget
yeah wow that was amazing a slight angle
oh wow amazing Wow yeah I really hurt
where did Manning go pizza is here and
it is so good pizza is here and it is so
good I got spelt bass with spinach pesto
bass cherry tomatoes olives and fresh
chilies but I don't and I put the fresh
chilies on what did you get
today sauce spinach mushrooms cherry
tomatoes peppers and pine nuts oh I have
pine nuts too I was in my cupboard
looking for a chili oil
I found this chili oil in my cupboard
this one right here
looked great thought oh yeah can't wait
to put some chili oil on my pizza
what a delicious pizza we want to get a
bit of chili oil on that no I mean over
there happen to go oh why not check the
day I thought nothing's ever out-of-date
in this house what I do
I picked off the bottle turned it around
and to my muse man
the date was yeah not for exam come on
can you see that
2006 ten years old nearly damnit why is
that in this house it looks fine that's
eight years old what probably longer
because oil doesn't for the ages so it's
probably is about ten years old
well that was my dinner story
