hello beautiful sexy people how you
doing today good
I hope you're good if you're not good
then this videos gonna make you feel
better
hopefully this I'm gonna stop it's
really cool I think it's I think we look
pretty cool we I get but on the wrists
really baggy at the end okay because I
roll them up it just makes me that I've
got really big arm so cool anyway today
we're going to be having a look at
near-death experiences well okay I know
we've looked at like photos before or
like photos just before disaster on this
channel but I mean we've kind of watched
videos all that something up freaking
out a little bit we were talking about
actually early on I think we did on the
podcast but it was either on the podcast
or just in general chat just like
general bun we were talking about
near-death videos and watching them and
it gives me the creeps watching them
because usually it's like oh you're
literally about to die and then last
minute you jump out of a car or
something and it also makes me think
about how many people being a scenario
and unfortunately died so yeah
happy note right guys headphones are in
I've already paused the video right here
I can already see it's traffic so it's
just don't want to do this but yeah this
is this is what this is what Jesus
Christ did you see how close I was what
makes me wonder is what is she running
for because she literally almost died if
that was me I think I'd have a heart
attack and then have to like lie down
and be calm down protects I might you
know a literal meaning of hit banana
does not give a shit just continues
running Shiva maybe she's late for
Hanukkah train or I'm sure it's
something more serious than that
but that's worrying when you nearly die
but you're not fast because whatever
you're clearly on your way something
more important than her dying
two guys on there that dude what do you
call my god how much that how close he
was nothing did his foot get run over I
think it's foot going over it is for
count oh my god
now let's just look look select Elizabet
after what surely his leg must have been
taken off or something can you slip slip
ah makes me so nervous okay just a huge
lorry coming like that oh oh my god
yo like that guys well some people so so
do you think they're seeing those things
coming towards them and they're just
like yeah I'm about to die it's fine I'm
just going to slowly move and see what
happens and then they're okay I thought
if I saw that I would react by don't
know maybe you're just in shock
it has it gets because I've never been
in that situation what's the hell is AHA
what the hell did you just go all the
way up I could join such as the Thrones
means the wind train the thing that's
the craziest one how far they might you
would if you literally dive into me
I don't have a vibe that we divide that
neither bike
yo yo yo ho glories because if you get
in that wheel that's not you done that
is you done I really don't like watching
that
and so casually still what
please kids always look when you're
crossing roads and stuff I know some
things are out of your control but like
this is just like that love is out of
control like this there could be a
combination of my count all that is just
on to something like that that's what
scares about watching these videos when
you see things like natural things that
can happen completely out anyone's
control walking down the road tree falls
on you brilliant is that
that's so shit that is so shit
oh my
do you need
ah look look just look utilize just use
either look please let's get Russia
what world here in a situation where
lorries are coming straight at you full
speed in the snow as well like car that
will really have much control went on
the snow to get out the way
but I'm I'm done I can't handle that
anymore I'm honestly sweating I'm also
thinking I'm hot I'm sweating just from
like I don't even know I've just
stretches now I'm sweating from stress
please if you're going to take anything
away from this video look when you cross
the road and drive carefully look for
people not looking when you're when they
cross Snowden you're driving as well if
you're driving yeah also I would like to
know if any of you have had any
near-death experiences have you been in
situation like that or something could
be different anything where you've
almost died please share your stories in
the comments because I find them really
interesting to read in a weird way so
yeah anyway I hope you guys enjoyed the
video give a thumbs up if you did and
I'll see you tomorrow with another one
goodbye you're back you're back you're
back you mate
