good morning first of all let's talk
about how different more I think I look
differently with a clean shave a clean
shape this morning I don't know just
kind of felt like yet clean shave is
like with a wet you know like a web
browser and as opposed to just using it
like an electric trimmer which I have
for the last kind of six months having a
wet shave like so much younger would you
guys think do you your lack good keep
your chair I'm going to learn film with
Alfie I'm hopefully going to film two
hilariously amazing videos if all goes
to plan and then I'm going up to London
so yeah I'm gonna go pick a few up and
we need to go shopping to get some stuff
so I'm going to do that now so right
let's left hand you're also anyway oh
we're playing beer pong we get wasted
I'm joking there's nothing in them and
this is put alfea's video that I said
we're going to be filming I'm going to
tell you what it is is you have to wait
and find out but it does involve some of
this some of that and some of this yeah
if it's the box if you have more than
these you don't want to ruin and money
but we figured what we need to do is
because I that's pebble and watching
them play it so it's not very it got no
expertise and because there's no liquid
in them when you throw the ball it just
rattles out like so Oh
all right got one go each fold in who
can hit the most go oh you got blue got
one oh you ain't got one oh yeah mom I
watch this
thank you sir stop but uh what's next -
you watch that that would've been set
would have been would've beans are very
good ear a nice word possible my
demonstration why can't we do this I'm a
demonstrate I'm going to be really good
at this game then so yeah we're going to
film this and then we're not going to be
able to film mine today for two reasons
one the weather it is basically raining
so we're not going to edit - fill - -
has to be outside which kind of sucks
um but we are going to film it another
day obviously now you're so of currently
got one of these on my head right now
Mike related buoyant cow obviously I
didn't Alfie's got four and who as I put
this on and he fold it for me and stuff
I literally think I look slightly
ridiculous in it Hank I look a bit
feminine move it on I'll be dropping one
right
no I guess whose action from I literally
is that look like they call me the
pineapple I can see - but this I don't
think this suits me
um but let me oh hey real it's you about
to film now so okay so we've just
finished filming oh my god you are in
for such a treat
I love Alfie's channel we just finished
the filming and it's going to be so
there is the disgusting in many ways
we're not sure when they're coming out
yet it's either going to be this weekend
or next weekend so just keep it alive
build how did you find out my mouth
still burns
from these Chili's put it that way is
disgusting there was cat food involved
with a bunch rather disgusting stuff so
yeah but I need to be allowed to got to
London because I'm going to an Xbox
event get that away from me
um yeah so here in London just wrote
some club tonight
Jem haven't vlogged in my two hours I
was editing on the train and stuff I'm
here with Max well hello Maxwell
you're a mother who you a month logged
on that long actually
it was just nice for you and we're gonna
go for a drink in that home
and it looks really cool in here looking
like cool lights and stuff
they've got sunset overdrive over there
they got fief river which I'm going to
go and play in a minute I'm smash smash
max on the but I'm currently uploading
my blog offered their internet which is
on 30%
why
that was actually pretty fun we played
water paper game FIFA asking too much
camping huh
boy yeah now get the train back to write
them yes Oh cry my back um good night
guys and sorry if this vlog wasn't like
that entertaining and full of stuff it's
just had a very very busy bee of the day
and kind of flipped to film in some
parts I'm home I'm but going to bed it's
quite late buh-buh-bear early tomorrow
and my room just Mets nest mess mess I
really need to start start organizing
stuff moving out because that's
happening in two weeks tomorrow so yeah
I need to kind of pull my together
and actually I got my stuff moving yeah
I will see you tomorrow good bye
