hey yoyoyo great night's sleep five
hours thanks jet lag was up at 5:00 in
the morning I don't get why I'm
jet-lagged at 5:00 in the morning it's
not really making any sense because that
I was it's not works without a time
anyway I'm about to go off for a meeting
and I don't really know what to wear
when it comes to this weather when it's
like it's summer in England but it's not
hot like hot enough to wear shorts and a
show and they might rain but it's not
cold enough to wear like a jumper and
it's just like hey what do I wear what I
choose
it's my wardrobe oh I don't know if you
ever seen it Beauford like what do I
take I don't have like they take a light
coat you go take a light coat yeah maybe
I'll do that
that was my meat thing and this Golf
Club as you can see very nice it was all
about like health insurance since I was
like a like very similar now it's just
about health stuff and why should look
to do with my covering my you know
critical illnesses and stuff I had to
take a nap like my sister Tori - I had
lunch and I was like falling asleep on
the table I was just lying there like
and she's that go take an hour sleep so
taking an hour's mat I feel so tired but
I heard a little bit more energizing any
get up and do I'm gonna get up and see
if that wakes me up a bit but I could
sir just sleep here for hours now but
and I never nap I've I don't know the
last time I took a nap I'm not the kind
of person that's like yeah I'm gonna
take a nap
mitii what have you found
hey it better not be a mouth under there
you know oh where do you keep looking on
the back for what is that oh I think is
just the toy mouse right oh I'll get it
you after looking I've realized
it's an a bird not a toy mouse it's an
actual bird oh really
what'd you get
why did you keep catching real things
I've just I don't know if it's alive or
not and I just had a look I definitely
saw some blood on the wall so I'm gonna
see if I can save you better meet it I'm
gonna put you in here just so we can try
and save this little birdie yeah I can't
tell its head just move again yeah me
too me too
we can't let you have to kill the bird
okay
Oh what do we do now let me see
Oh birdie methi come on okay we're gonna
try and put the bin over it just to
rescue it to keep it safe until we can
figure out what to do so if you pull
that chest out keep it on
No okay now move this wire see how that
might hurt it because it's against the
wall can I see those carefully okay you
heard the camera
oh you need to pull the chest out
the other way okay all right save you
okay now we couldn't save now all we
need to do is put something under it
and then we'll say that I've managed to
get a book under there so put the book
under here this poor little birdy who
seems to be able to fly so every time I
push him he flaps so I don't know if
he's that injured I'm gonna save him and
put him outside here and they're gonna
carry enough weight on the fly - we're
gonna take you wherever you want baby
okay corn birdie
ladies fat thing let's go rescue oh I
think his wings injured
if it can't fly away then we're screwed
I think it is written injured and then
we need to open this Batman out that way
are you partner
we put out this man if you open the door
put it somewhere that she's not gonna
get there okay now what should we do put
it over here in the berth do you think
not further away where can we put it
little baby or its leg snap that's okay
I'm now gonna call the vets see if they
can help hyah
my cat has captured like caught a little
bird and it's really injured I've
managed to catch the bird and put it
it's just like under a little basket at
the moment but it's you can see it's
sort of really injured and tries to fly
around but can't really fly very well
okay okay so on our way to the vets now
in home we've got the tiny little bird
here with a blanket he seems really calm
now it's for a bit relaxed I just hope
that they can say that
come on little birdie you're gonna pull
through
oh no that's now poor little thing okay
guys the vet I tried to film in there
but I just didn't work I'm the vet said
they think it's gonna be okay
they said that they might be able to
take it to rehabilitation center which
is just the cutest thing ever
mouse we rescued a bird today guys
that's awesome but they're gonna call me
to like confirm that what can happen so
as soon as they call me I'll let you
guys know as well 50 you naughty
aren't you catching birds why do you do
that
naughty so turns out I'm gonna have to
rush this vlog on my phone because I
left my memory card in my computer from
editing which is like one of the most
annoying things in the world but me and
my sister are off to my dad's for dinner
haven't seen dad an age that she could
have been away and everything you saw
him not so he didn't yeah and if he's
got some pictures up I might show you
some like really old funny pictures of
me when I was a kid and stuff that's if
he's got some big self I'm not sure if
he does does he have a picture stop the
bus yeah he does maybe I'll show you
small funny bits of us so you know I
said if I go to Dad's I'll show you some
embarrassing pictures here's one of me
looking well cool I'm so chubs well we
got oh yeah here's one of me half naked
with the bucket which is great there is
actually full front or naked ones but I
don't think I'm ready to share those as
well at the end of the book also wasn't
my dad's I got a call from the vet it's
late at night they said that there was a
an emergency there was lots of
emergencies so they took so long I'm so
cool back but they said that the bird
has been rescued and it doesn't have
life-threatening injuries and it's going
to the wildlife reserve rot no wildlife
rehabilitation to get looked after and
then I'll get released to the wild oh
five now what is going on it's fine now
it's not even 30 minutes into the game
this is insane you come to see me
tonight coming with me
yes I am ugh engine hmm
yeah
