yeah morning look at the weather guys is
so so beautiful morning look at your
hair it's so salty from is they haven't
washed it since thing that's disgusting
there's bit love horse I know it's gonna
closer we're getting on a run and
workout but it's quite far on isn't it
how far is it like three miles to where
it this part that we've worked out
before but boiling hot so it could be
interest and we might die on the way but
yeah let's see if we can do it oh my god
we made it
I don't know if you can see or what
we're just the color and wetness of my
face this is the part we're talking
about it's right by a Grove in LA and
when we came here last year we used to
company like every other day and run
here and do stuff but it was like a full
cave run on five here on our breath my
thing there's a water fountain home here
so this makes sense when nobody's
probably here because it's just in the
Sun we're so hot we're staying shade I
just sprayed myself with water from the
water fountain all over my body and it
was so nice literally so hot
you Jesus work it girl work it work it
girl how do you feel Marcus dead put all
wanna jump in a ball there's a million
degrees freezing cold okay so we're
doing some like cool stuff and all that
stretching in that and now Nomi wants to
attempt a handstand okay try you have to
kick more ofcourse and again
see that's practice you just have to
keep kicking more eat or yes so kick
more push more
guys over on like unknown 20 meters away
from us doing something we don't know
what it's called I'm gonna we think it's
a cheat I'm gonna show you guys because
I want you to tell me because we're
doing right now oh now they're turn
towards us oh this is really awkward
dis dude dude you tried n so good so
good
most people tell me has come to air one
because that was cool this is like as
they come up in here
and it is incredible now explain so as
you saw my camera battery died like
three times and I haven't been back here
to change it so we had lunch which is
nice and I'm here this little boy I
don't know I just could your little boy
that sounds really like I just been
hanging out for a bit we'd like Howard
because we still really bad but we had a
really really good lunch I first went
there me and I mean didn't I think both
of us that he'd been there yeah I can't
remember it's called something form so
I'm able to see their farms Mendocino
park so we had lunch there Connors gone
off to film so we're just hanging out
now just hang in and stuff like that
we're going to take a one this soon
because we've run out what songs and
boxes and all that stuff so we need to
go the washing is like really intensive
in this hotel because like $10 to wash
one t-shirt slower like so I need to get
some spoons so yeah so this hotel we're
staying
that's the weirdest like in the world
before that's right I really like you
get after or even after you can
literally great patterns it's like a
couch
hey writing these guys oh you don't
really see that I said watch Marcus what
is usual where oh yeah kind of not
really cool or cool blog half minute Roy
well I say me to Troy Troy is trying on
like Sonny's and I just thought Kirby's
up what do you think of it too small but
Roy that's it on jihad on hang vc i and
they're like really cool and if you had
like is it boiling now I like them like
crazy they're gonna go crazy if you want
to crazy how crazy is crazy
it's so Troy's deciding between these
they got the reflective line yeah blue
blue so there's those I've got all these
those are these or is there another you
know those but I've already tried this
on right yeah let's just cross shop so
we come back tomorrow and let them come
for these I hang the second ones
for coolness like you look really cool
enough
Marcus is trying on a unit you look
really like agitated all the time like
oh yeah it smells really bad we've done
a spot of shopping imesh pick up some
underwear and look who's joined us now
hi mr. Tyler Oakley
the Kentucky nuts we're going to go to
the Grove I think hey JB we're gonna
head to the Grove - good stop man and
then see what else is happening today
I might be so proud of everyone I found
four tops and shirts in analysis for $25
altogether so
happy no lifetime decides to change it
up instead of a cooler refresher I tried
to bury one the first time come on say
yeah - you really good
don't try yeah also these are the
glasses tray about poor know me helped
him decide put your hand it's pretty
good it's not as good it's nice and
refreshing do you think I should talk
like this forever do you think it sounds
good do you think I sound like I'm an
old lady okay I don't know what that
voice was what's up you know I am done
in ages I say age like a few days this
this bad boy skateboarding
I heard him escape buddy Alfie here
that's mainly sad who's always getting
really into it but as soon as he at home
already want to get back do I say back
into it does haven't really had time to
skate well have a divers haven't had
opportunities we're going out for dinner
in a few with Nick and aren't you and
for lunch with the other day they're our
friends from Africa and I'm also working
on something with Nick which will all be
revealed in due time also I'm all
something I really want to film a video
but I don't know what to film there's so
many different things I could film
there's I really wouldn't do an amigo
video cuz I've never done one before but
not just like a standard one me chained
to you guys I want to be one like a
funny one pranking and what kind of
stuff I also want to film like some
sketches but I can't read em in the
hotel and just need to be settled which
on that no I don't think I've actually
told you this yeah you know backwards
and forwards it's been
for about four or five months I've been
talking about moving out and oh it's
almost getting sorted and blah blah blah
I finally got a date where I'm moving
out
and I move out on the 25th of July which
is in like three weeks and that makes me
so happy because yeah I'll have my own
place and we have to do adult things I'm
worth a lot but on my videos and blah
blah blah blah blah no I'm going to tell
you too much right now because I'm gonna
probably do a video on it on the main
channel me I'm just rambling now so this
you doh
but get a fill
they're so blessed and privileged share
my life coming you guys it's pretty cool
come along looking very lovely didn't
you know I mean there's one genome he's
really good at that's getting a bargain
I can't
what a beautiful evening she la vella
do you think we could live her today
that could be on the cards one day
moving to LA we both love it here sign
language and so much lifestyle the
people food but at the same time we have
a lot of friends and family in England
I do love England that's disgusting
it's so gross the girls have to go
through my stuff
so Marcus wanted me to try out flogging
so Marcus wanted me to try out looking
so I know I am so now I am
no no oh yeah do you find it weird
walking down the street or you can
really eight smile like I already want
to just see that no you can't do that
hold out so do you do you feel judged no
judge but I do you feel nervous day so
can you meet people like that now and
just did yeah I do feel nervous like
could you do it on your own
why don't I go hide behind the tree and
at least it finally got rid of him so
I'm just gonna go out for dinner and
hopefully he's gonna stay there all
night and I'm just keep
and Marcus wanted me to tell you what he
was wearing so he's got black and white
t-shirt on that he bought from American
Apparel you wanted to show them your
t-shirt didn't eat oh yeah this storm
that I got what do you think I really
like her are you asking them but yeah
and you okay I like it what do you guys
think know it at the time is first blog
we're producers we've just come this is
where we come to dinner and it's like a
peachy peachy peachy hey Fred Sisyphus
it's a cute Logan's way
and the conundrum that they're gonna go
so here's and your neck hello sorry
we've come here food looks so good you
got you can't really see oh there you go
look at that lovely flashlight from Nick
thanks man
great hey guys as you know I'm not a big
fish eater at all
but recently going into it I ordered
some sea bass which looks super super
good
I'm good I got my god I'm getting a
thanks for the other Nico sea bass - and
just a and them's got cauliflower steak
oh my god that's not focusing oh my god
it's so small you can't even see it
that is a world smallest carrot what the
hell hey there's my dessert lovely
sorbet yeah
good night good night 200 and you do do
do do then I was good it's lovely such
nice restaurant actually it was cool
like kappa tina or something like that
if you're ever in the LA area yeah I
would see you guys tore my brown one
bye shout bye boy
