on an I don't really know what we're
doing
it's six well we woke up at 6:00 a.m.
drove all the way to Santa Monica
because we're doing some beach workout
with Jim and Chris and maybe Ingrid so
that's good
we're both tired tired are you very
tired
so yeah we're uh how you feeling champ
tired nice and why do I know the thing
the thing you can tell with Jim is when
you know Jim's tight because if you look
at his face my eyes of his eyes so small
and he's just they're still still Joey's
talk so you ready to go and get all
worked on so ready also me and Jim are
practically wearing the same stuff we've
got the same talk same shorts and just
different shoes so or visit VidCon Jim
sting it's pre intense
there's Sprint's be Sprint's of squats
the beach
right
grabbed in and spring back come on I bet
you just
since seconds come on pull it in pull it
in pull in put in fun they will not come
to anymore pinch my better judgment
Marcus is going to do a backflip off
this concrete structure here onto the
sand please don't die I quite like you
after every after all this even I bully
you
oh wow impressive Wow okay Mike then oh
how good this looks
I just got a turkey egg sandwich then
it's so good
oh you'll sit on the lab with its paces
it's just already like
Supermarket help us out stuff every time
they come
so being tall boots got pressed juice
which looks nice
and I'm also I think I know about this
like phase thing yesterday about
probiotics I've never really heard of
them never known what they've done
apparently they're really good so I got
some like sachets and stuff and
especially as I've just come on
antibiotics today's my first after them
the woman was like yeah they're really
good didn't burn alright so I'm gonna
pull them in this juice and see what
happens there's one looks a bit like
sugar is it not oh it smells of vinegar
so I'm gonna get crisps yeah now I'm
gonna walk down there what it tastes
clothes you think it well the juice
tasted nice open open please
let's try it I'm scared also huh good to
my hair that's what the juice smell of
can taste a taste of the juice
which is append the G's kale broccoli
Apple literally smells in farm tastes
like one tea the space that I come to is
the lemonade
Ingrid suggestion
I joined listed early face time which is
not good but his patience kindness just
son together Keo is coming because she
looks like she's panicking that's Rodney
what she's saying
oh boy I'll have one of my own
do you have any enjoy your day with us
yeah I hope you enjoy that probably 40
windy for you to hear me and we're going
down to the beach so you know let's just
see what happens but stop music
compilation of having fun oh
so so far I've been filming for Naomi
had a little snack came down here to
just catch the salmon just have a chew
me out about you I don't know if you can
see into the crotchal region because
it's defending me help me trying to
figure out if it's a good idea to bury
me or not I think Jim Rudy wants very
really handy this is running any get
buried and it looks like a giant penis
here we go
so Jim is just burying Marcus
he's just ahead now
yeah it's very fun have you so family
yeah first time I've ever been buried
buried alive I've never been so funny
raucous you're just sad funny it's
really funny
much fun at the beach as you kind of saw
hopefully haven't seen you obviously did
you Father be on there existed they're
very tired very warm but we've now come
to Ingrid she's having like a pre fourth
of July like mini food party kind of
thing then you got nuts food drinks good
people friends laughs motions bomb it
makes me emotional
so yeah we're here Ingrid's no one's
here at the moment
show your clandybar looking lovely you
can't really see that well because of
the like you're very good Jim doesn't
look very good
you look amazing Tania Jim you look
terrible Jim Jim Jim we were talking
here yeah that's better
come on guys let's do Jim at us free in
it oh yeah that's good like that I had a
story yes so when we're at the beach we
would discuss then the different the
different ways the poniard speaks to Jim
so there's
that's like when you're annoyed with a
business in a funny way like that way
you're like Jim has back Jim and if you
haven't seen Jim for ages and you're
really really insightful you can just
like yeah oh oh if she's being
serious she'll go Jim Jim Jim I feel
rude cause I'm in Ingrid's
apartment and I haven't even filmed in
good yet you've nothing hanging out
he'll it sounded a bit wrong she's on
the phone at my mum's so she'll say
hello and speech views she's quite fun
quite just quite friendly quiet
look how kind of politicians are
Marcus's hobby stuff yeah it was very
close German then went to get the
characters from the show suits we're
obsessed with thanks bro had this rule
Ingrid's we're always sandy everyone put
their phones and cameras into the like
bowl in the middle and nobody was
allowed to film or like use their phone
for the whole night which is really nice
because then we could socialize and chat
without worrying about social media so
it was nice but it was a minute I can
film and things so yeah but we're back
now I'm so tired
like I can't even describe how tired I
am I fell asleep in the taxi way
