good morning me and Zoey are off to the
magazine shoot and I'm stuck in the car
burning stop by again yeah we're off to
the magazine shoot and we've just got
hit I'm gonna film more in a minute when
I get off I always I yeah we walked in
they had like shrieky table and sang
food stuff mystery oh my god
we seen the French Bulldog this French
Bulldog panels really famous books so
alone yes yeah
yeah
it already cooked you have it do you
want a this aquiline refresher no but
you like it I love the fun issue so just
found out a lot say we pop in for many
reasons just just like obviously would
be environment really cool outfits doing
really cool stuff but it's like kind of
exclusive for magazines so we can't show
you any of that but I don't know what
you're gonna have seen from this day so
but look who's here
actually I'll just dress I'm just just
arrived
but he's like super expensive anyway so
you're going to stand but I'm going to
be hanging out at this boy because I'm
staying on that a for like five years so
you accept me yeah downtown out so so so
so so you know la is one of my favorite
cities on the moment so if I'm here is
amazing just checked into the hotel and
now waiting for Naomi alfie geo and some
of the others to come here because they
have one month but me and I'm you sat
out F like five more days so that's
pretty you to come here all right one at
one at a time right at the time you stay
there you come here
no no come here yeah yeah come in come
around here right you need to do this
okay
put your head over like this and just go
close like this like really folks do it
really fast do it really fast do it
really fast
isn't that the weirdest thing and then
standing it and then you can select see
me and stuff look each Mon hat
Oh holder really nice select my god they
can't see it they could how I got dang
woman oh my god oh sorry your mouth
I can look at you I've got a scab he
knows what's up what go back it oh my
god come back wait food hello I'm
totally eating off there I'll just spell
this drink called over here over Zoey's
iPad good my phone have alfea's fire and
they blame Zoey these tomorrow he goes
cotton surprised though that wasn't
market so it's been sarcastic
so we're just chilling in some I lost my
sunglasses I left them out VidCon for it
at my Panama which was great and so me
enough we're gonna go and try and find
some in a minute because like that you
can't see anything right now but who so
I'm already now it's out for long in the
Sun with the happy and so on so yeah
we're just gonna somebody put a little
bit of Nick moment something I'm just
chillin on it I'm chair over there me
and ask me you're off to try and get
some sunglasses that would be nice
how she that would be nice for skate in
yo we're off to get some sunglasses and
go for a little scared
it's a lot for a few minutes of deciding
what someone else's go for finally
chosen these months
Alfie's convinced me to choose that yeah
but they're very different but they're
like a cool frame okay I'll show I'm
still a hundred percent okay can you see
what yeah this is that my outfit saying
yes this lady's saying yes so I'm gonna
get them but I wanna know you guys name
so we're just now trying to find them so
area to skate now I'm sure there's
probably loads in LA not just escape but
to but not like a pop I mean just summer
flat smooth
do where I came with Tyler like Tyler
breeze I'm again plugging up here and
there's even the rainbow road rainbow
road so it's good
we're okay so the gruesome gruesome
reunited after a few hours and we're
heading off to dinner we're going to
play school Hugo's I'm a meeting up with
Lucy
Natalie Joe and Louise I think I booked
this place so pressures on me but
hopefully it'll be nice
can't believe alfie flick and now yeah
that's the wrong way on the way and it
was only only down to main navigation
yeah so alpha Messer oh no no no oh I
get it on my phone and save the day Oh
I've just finished it my main job video
which should be up by the time you say
about 90% sure on that to keep your eye
on it tomorrow I'm going to film with
youtubers react so far not though few
other bits of work stuff to do and then
off there should be nice to finally just
like chill and have some off time
because a VidCon and everything has just
been let go
and the magazine shoot today was super
super fun but so I can film that much of
it so yeah I'll see you tomorrow
bye bye
