hello hello hello
day 2 yeah no he's about to go and do
some what yoga or some weird with
cool yes so excited and I as you can see
channel the video I've just realized you
know in the blog yesterday I was like I
am I'm gonna bypass him from a video
after all that effort of trying to find
out what parsnip was politics so you
won't be seeing that but acted by the
vegetable sort oh yeah so you don't be
saying that but I'm filming and today's
very busy because straight from filming
I've got to go to a meeting and then
we've got our boys all together meet up
and then I've got another meeting after
that and another meeting I don't really
like party and stuff so I finish my
video and I'm now off to my meeting I'm
running a little bit late I'm going to
meet Lucy like like minutes ago that
meeting was cool I can't really tell you
anything about it
but it was cool and now I'm eating
basically so we've got given this fridge
we team up if ventilating I'd let me
finish the story first so you live with
this British sovereign and the guy
plugged it in and he was like yep it's
working and I opened it before you know
it's like getting cold and the settings
it was that was between 1:00 and 6:00
and it was on number 2 so I was like oh
yeah that would be too cold it would
just be like a nice client chill so put
my stuff in there have breakfast this
morning
get out the milk the milk is frozen the
blueberries are frozen apples are frozen
so now I'm eating a semi-frozen act book
Jim loved that story Dana you shared
that with us you're so happy
Wow Jim is going to the meetup like this
I've been to the gym I've been doing
yoga
Jim has been to the gym
most these people know that I like that
a lot now but yet our meetup is in like
half an hour we're now I should reach
our denied you probably should yeah call
you phone me from this site because
there's great lighting
look look who's here oh you scared
me my boy cats who has been out country
for a year you almost broke up with Joe
such a good prank on it on everyone
thought of you're like pretty hell with
Joe man everyone think I'm really bad
friend and I apologized
yeah that's you're you're a good friend
thanks man you see Marcus but then you
might be that's that's a quote are you
excited for me not I might be waiting
from you know close six months I'm
Reaganomics it was sly love no one turns
up well they have a nap I don't come and
it says things like I have I'm also for
logging in the exponents but I have a
camera man shall give me whose names you
want oh he's my friend and I can so
stepped up again and I am and I make him
do it for free but we're all gonna be
this great I said I wanted Marcus to be
the star thanks is that future so thank
you below
thank you have you had your back pattern
of the year oh that's a good video Joe's
got this little new thing on this camera
can we see what I see with my face
afterwards they can I face any height
place your face it comes with a little
pouch we're on our way we're on our way
we are
hallway
don't go in there
it's time for our main business a sage
time for me waits customers faster
Jasper
Marie novels we ready it's pretty nice
Jim signing a shoe on you Jim what's
your name nice to meet you
let's sum it up finish and I just saw it
finished a little crazy nuts but uh it
was really fun now we are heading to a
meeting so we're walking back to the
convention center now is that Disney
over there by Disney you want to get
these grapes them back oh that would be
so much fun
but the weather's the weather's out the
weather's out well great mom really good
today
Jim like words and stuff box I'll give
you a hundred pounds Michael if you're
still just little white mice can I have
a layer no ma she didn't mind honor it
whilst we're waiting from eating we went
Val fie we're just gonna live it's Kate
Cass can you skate Gus
Oh
oh yeah
very hot and sweaty
a shower that was so fun skating but
very very very warm I can't even begin
to explain how much I was sweating if
you can tolerate it I have a really
quick shower this hotel some reason you
can't cold shower so when it's boiling
hot outside like it is oh and you've
just skate boyfriend hour and you're
really sweating a little bit sunburned
you get in the shower and it's boiling
hot doesn't help the situation by anyway
were dressed and we are off to a like
you tuber ceremony no like a party kind
of thing and I think we're gonna eat
there and then go to another party thing
later so should be good happens in your
face all day you've been hanging out at
I know haven't you yeah we've been
getting as you do mister this what I'm
wearing isn't it cool I'm wearing some
white converse some black jeans rolled
wear casual white shirt from ASOS well
we don't Casper so currently well Marcus
but the TV
like they say he's the vlogging so it's
a lot of deception guy we're waiting to
get into this place and there's a long
life
I knew in now
I'm literally literally on a roll with
ending my vlogs you know tonight
yesterday before you can I didn't
therefore just making this up
yeah if we couldn't they two beeps hope
you enjoyed there was another party
tonight but I'm so frickin tired that
that's not happening and tomorrow would
be crazy
hey thanks um yeah I'll see you guys
tomorrow
