Oh yo Gaston so if you go ahead friends
on did you got a bit oh hello there
again my second channel fief of view of
peeps how you doing hey
so last time I mashed down mark
basically Alfie quite as though eyes are
gonna be em for now sugar this time ago
more hardcore my only randomizing one
sorry Marcus uh alright that's your team
uh-huh
that's my dear yes that is not been
legit come on
I don't know I don't you management of
whom team oi oi bringing this boy on
wait that's what we should do ok guys if
you're watching now and I hope you're
watching you're obviously watching if
you're not then how can you hear me and
comment down below if you want us to
play another game of FIFA but also or
just Marcus and you guys get to pick
who's which team just say if we play for
you for again that we're following their
comment very common to see what team
they because they could be like Alfie
beam Brazil Marcus be South Africa or do
you only think any longer shut up boy
why do you always get to do that thing I
want to do it that's not exactly your
player one just some good chance for the
manager to Oh nearly ran out enjoying
goalie why I'm not controlling that what
what what's happening what
why am I just the goalie project there
you go come on Honduras babies water
ball here we go
Chavez yeah
Oh ch ch planet safety night all the
hops Honduras Honduras Honduras this is
a big boy one woe expect you to win as
usual yeah yeah what side often though
that was not that wasn't I'm happy now
oh computers always wrong oh oh oh go on
get there get there get there
corner playing the safe yes boy go on go
on go on
yes so I'll get a goal here
Oh are you worried how many shots I won
none no you thought none born going
Laxton nah nah I don't think it is just
run off the pitch oh my god
Austria how annoyed I'm at ago how can
you go stolen I don't have stolen when I
was England control go god of some of
that beautiful so I you're gonna get
rich now I don't think I was going
honestly the only routes and you're
gonna be doing is of this place wet mode
oh I have a dishwasher
oh boy you made that would have been
sick yeah now Twitter is easy
hello yes that was when I was
babysitting once as playing Fifa on the
Wii and you shoot by like doing
different things when you're throwing
you after you throw a bow for the empty
throw debate and I shot I can - baby if
I shot from in my half of the halfway
line against the kids and got it in to
tell you why why should plan all blue
NoHo they will they're like they were
like 14 at the time and as I know those
everday watch but watch this
yeah some of that so by that get tricky
rude or you Oh
oh I just absolutely routes your team
there's gonna do bad do the better oh my
god dude about have a go oh my opinion
cheeks you're so sweaty you get so happy
when you score but this on the volley
way why is your guy crying on the floor
what dead aren't privet on interplay oh
shut up
oh yeah great let me just bring on my 0
my 0 strikers that on the bench
okay are you ready for this guys are you
ready
comment down below now what you think in
the day sky of all good that as well as
you did a 1 substitute super sub haha
all things go left but he's actually
done right
Oh see ya oh here we go here we go here
we go nah nah that's the boy 3 now yeah
slow is all so is everyone watching but
multi buffers pulled out a bag for King
the FIFA ruling mean that is the worst
game you have had three shots zero on
target nice going man to nil to me on
games now to non games but we've got
some other games that Oh FIFA coming up
and I'm gonna mash you down at them he
says but anyway another FIFA game let me
know if you guys enjoy them and if you
want to see me do more fever and play
more youtubers um yeah other than that I
will see you sometime in the near future
bye
