Nevada boys are back Banta source Rex
guys I'm not sure if anyone heard me
earlier but just wondering when we go in
the tunnel we're gonna say any fish can
you speak any French shut enough to pups
wine isn't it red wine Rouge is red and
I know Chateaubriand is French food and
drink
so what I seemed to know do you know
anything Jim Appel met you guys how you
say in French matchy not Matthew sounds
like you're saying but you're having a
sneeze now haven't you did you learn the
birthday song at school no I'll come on
you must knows it Kelly let that sit on
anywhere sir I'll do I'm not really that
banging a couple years ago Banta source
Rex is enroute Oh have you done the
trunk the tunnel no destructed takes us
straight to Mexico like a big one like
that yeah
no but I would love to have the lorry
banter they do have really good bad to
know like on the radiator oh no exactly
so they all have that this radio network
and you can like talk to each other now
do you know I've seen films where they
do I can picked you as a lorry driver
sleeping above your little lorry I'd
love that I would love to be in a lorry
parking must be an absolute nightmare
you imagine she was just like nip to the
shop well if you're gonna knit to the
shop I don't think you know oh yeah I'm
just gonna nip to the shop in my lorry
no well that's your only vehicle you
would Joffe nerve dropping the kids
this is the run orange is an advocate on
the train livestream I'm gonna wave and
don't even back can they wave back and
they get away back all right I wanted to
wave back Germans are u livestreaming
yeah you can't play this game she's
actually water she lo to you and has
gone what one half is that weirdo doing
waving a but he always you've offended
how people untrained you should always
wave at them for what reasons nice ones
who invented that children you probably
should you're a 20 25 it's fun things
you're trying to come on - oh my god
wave at this man see what he loves all
weightless to wave it wave exit wasting
serious elite artists oh thank you
should we do the game where you hold
your breath for that why should go for a
tunnel that's a car game did you ever
pay that
no but that sounds like fun actually
thing is you're so competitive
I can see fainting to win it's about
much in young also I don't get
lightheaded with some water
life what's water not so being like I
don't need the car
alright alright play the game oh yeah
first off I want to restrict my Luckies
yes I win no the best of three you know
when you add lots of layers so you just
get a bit like he's doing the same
t-shirts yes no no but different
there's no I should I'm wearing the same
t-shirt Chokey
I can't reduce him or not
yeah notice that but sold to a sweet no
question about em so Gemma's the same at
Mizzou no pressure on them guys have an
America cheeto popcorn um never heard of
unreal Wow do you wanna do yeah how'd
you do it just on the side you just pull
the lever and then watch out please be
careful with this hard drive because ya
know don't
