what's up guys whats up beautiful takes
people welcome to video today we're
trying something new we came up with
this idea to a lot of youtubers have
product a lot of people have mesh or
people have just products of some sort
and I thought it'd be fun to kind of
test and try and mess about with those
products so the first person we are
using today is zoella series we've got
some of those products here she's we
actually never had stuff before thing in
the bath and we just like I felt it was
a bit of a parody we're at this time I'm
going to actually be going through some
stuff
so I've got a bunch of different stuff
here but here we go
okay so Ella like ah you know what this
candle has got a little hole in the top
so you and I wash of the descent so on a
lifestyle lazy day fragrance candle fill
your room with the essence of calm with
notes of fresh linen and cotton is the
perfect scent for a lazy day that sounds
cute
fur so we're going to review the boxing
cool I wouldn't be fun tokens up to nice
are those oh it's late welcome to Zoe
Lake and a nice Z on her pillow those
ogres and that's quite cool packaging I
mean I don't I'm not in the candle
buying business I don't buy a lot of
candles so I can't say whether that's
normal for a candles open like that but
I would I think that's very cool so nice
job so a good one generals weird I don't
know how you've managed to do this I
don't know how she's managed to do this
it actually smells like fresh linen like
genuinely when you have fresh bed bed
which is an amazing smell that smells
like it so you know we're just going to
light the candle and put it on the side
okay oh my god just this is the issue in
absentia candle I just I don't own
candles I just got you even a candle for
Christmas and got these along with that
and oh my god
Hey
alright come on Zoila send my room be
careful with fire guys I absolutely love
the smell of burnt name actually well
leave that burning on the sights I feel
like a candle needs a little bit of time
to kind of get into it you know
ah all right next up we have got a pack
of three again we'll do the little pack
of three so it's like body mist mist for
the old body can zoella bring out some
like forehead shine stuff because I've
got massive forehead shine right now and
I don't really like us maybe we go like
that huh memory help does it
there we go left forehead shine that is
still there all right body mask good
things come in threes sorry another
different
Ted fashion oh they are very small you
know from the olive oil spectrum to be
nice and big then we fill out right blue
bit smaller
what were your hair we've got yeah see
the size is my only good things come in
threes they also kind good packages
right we have got Sweet Inspirations
let's spritz they're all very cute and
lift lift full miss full huh oh that was
a nice sound I'm just gonna I don't know
offend Zoe I don't want to be smelling
of you for the rest of the day just
because they're quite maybe not my kind
of scent but hey spray them up so this
is blissful miss for what oh oh that's
that's nice that's subtle you know we
did like a testing celebrities perfume
and some of them would rank that's nice
it's not that doesn't linger that much
it's just nice I approve of that
I think ur just fast it actually so
we've know what farming to them with
that
- that night Sweet Inspirations me
waving the far away
oh oh oh going on me all or not finding
that one very vanilla smells like a
desert and final one is let spritz
oh oh I can still smell of another one
that smells like very clean like the
smell you've just come out the shower
my favorite is blissful miss full so if
you want an opinion I would rate a
little Mitchell first let's split second
and third Sweet Inspirations what is
this I don't this is the next product
daisy picking reed diffuser transport
yourself to a summers day Senate of
wildflowers and Lucius or luscious green
grass fills the air as you tiptoe
through the meadow I'm very impressed
with the wording here all of these is
like very dainty sort of phrases ok so
inside sir this is what's inside and
then I guess we will pull the summaries
shut the old stick
I love these things like diffusers I've
got one then if you can see it's not in
focus you here's black little stick
there that's a diffuser not develop
diffuser though see but they're usually
very potent so this a bit grassley band
by the sound of it get a uh all
that's very grassy fresh out we'll all
know that ok oh let's bear it's hard
because the fuse is going to be I've got
a little bow at the top he may not undo
the bow I feel like you meant to undo
the bow
I'm able to diffuse of that disgraced
strong and then you can spread it out
and then it starts diffusing yeah I've
gotta be honest I'm not a fan of the
grassy smell yeah that's I mean I like
the packaging very cute it's very nice
not really a fan of smell sorry sorry
they've no I'm apologizing I think it's
because I'm Friends of Zoe and I don't
want to be offended
alright and the last product we've got
this feels very light is a zoella body
fondant shimmer balm macaroon scented
body shimmer what is a boy's body from
them shimmer balm sorry
I don't know the answers there
I don't know what that is is it like
fake fat BAM oh god yes Satanism is
there instructions on this get your glow
on with this deliciously scented shimmer
bomb the irresistible smooth bond
instantly illuminate skin to give you a
gorgeous healthy glow you'll be good
enough to eat well I hope I'm not good
enough to eat because then I'm not here
anymore you know I do like in terms of
like fake tans that's what this is I
usually hate of that feels amazing
ah that's what cute isn't it
thank you I don't know fake tans change
now Stephie doesn't use fake tan so I
don't really know but base hand stinks I
can't stand the smell of fake tan you
know like it has that certain smell
can't deal with that can deal with that
though I could have someone brush move
that that's nice the event is going to
fate on a body shame FK body shimmer so
I'm guessing you get this and just get
involved absolutely go to town in there
thing is I don't really want face Han on
me
I'm going to put a bit on my arm I don't
like I'm just going for you may not dig
a hole in it so you kind of get more on
there like that
feel like that's a good amount I'm just
going to put someone maybe I should put
me inside Omar because then you can
actually see the colour over my hair
that is great thinking alright here we
go
oh nice shimmer a bit Marley Horace in
old God that flowed I could buy for that
so is that yeah guess that is a fake
tannin in a cent but I try and make it a
bit can you see it I feel that you can
see it there that is how the ins are
that could kind of make my own one color
and rather than my natural pale color
here and then my slightly more tan skin
tone there yeah in this light you can't
really see it but and it smells nice so
props on that that I mean the first body
shimmer I've ever put on myself but
don't think I'm going to go out and use
that product on a daily basis because I
think it's for me right just before we
go let's have a little general what my
favorite thing is the candle I love that
candle I really like like handles that
is solid nine out of ten on that well
done
well that rounds up the first of this
series I want to make it serious because
like so many youtubers have products and
merch and stuff so I want to turn it
into a kind of theories and I think it's
fun because it's some of your favorite
YouTube stuff that we can use as well so
if there is somebody stuff you'd like us
to try whether it's merch products
whatever leave leave them in the
comments and we will see if we can make
it happen
basically any kill me your stuff for
free youtubers if you're watching this
yeah alright well give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I'll see
you guys tomorrow with another one
alright goodbye
