good morning hello New York what
happened to the lovely weather that it
was yesterday it's just shocking it down
with rain likely literally chucking it
down but we are heading out for
breakfast to the place that me and Alfie
went yesterday and when I say we I mean
me and there's a bunch of bees probably
calling everyone where is everyone so
we're walking through the rain now Joe
is not happy with the place just give it
a nice doesn't milk no sure
Oh who's that sighs new video there
sweet dog that size new video of
sniffing apparently we're just chilling
in the hotel I you don't have to pause
that for me outfit it's very kind of you
Thank You Alfie I'm just uploading and
I'm not an editing my video of calm
which has a bit of Troy in there and
it's almost finished but by the time you
watch this it will be live so if you
haven't seen that go and watch it always
all lap you okay so I'm ready now
that was quick shower video is edited
and it's uploaded so if you haven't seen
it check out it's amazing obviously when
one videos off uh-huh me and Alfie just
pull us under a running Starbucks
yeah no we're going to solid scrub some
food and a drink and we get the taxi
Chopra
I'm a very happy boy right now you see
that place there called kale Alfie just
spot it on the way to Starbucks went in
and they do like quinoa Smith Smith
Schmidt yeah sorry
Smith spy their spots make good spots
man and they do like chicken quinoa like
juices and all this stuff so I got some
so we're gonna head back eat this then
go to this is Ryan say hi Ryan hi very
good
Ryan explain what you do I am here at
tumblr I'm an intern I handle our
content community which it's meeting
with awesome creators like you guys
bring you here getting you swag and just
showing you
can I take this oh hi
Martin's tumblr so you just finished up
at tumblr it's so cool here like I said
if YouTube fails in everything I would
definitely apply for a job here because
it's just so friendly and like cheered
that they have like beer pong
competitions here like at work and they
said yeah you can just you know drinks
beer on tap min Joe we're gonna be the
new interns
so Joe they have food they give me
breakfast lunch cool fact but now we are
in a bit of a rush need to get back to
our hotel in half an hour and then leave
to go to the airport part of - what door
and we are on Nicola bridge Luca did
theirs New York sailing off into the
distance by New York
New York's been fun you've been hot
bullying today and most importantly you
have been at salt New York and one word
go okay now look family over there time
something notes one word amazing
inspiring you incredible my one word is
beautiful star we add chicken damn it
it's the new way to dress like us just
saw her at school
we've checked in at the airport and we
and now we think you've both afraid it
is a night flight so we have to get some
sleep on surprise
we are now on the Finland
there's no anklet on this plane it's
broken
it was great
yeah we can fly home at so I'll see you
what's our haven't vlogged since being
in New York on the plane
terrible flight slept one hour and there
was a woman standing South in myself who
unfortunately had like an asthma attack
it was pretty bad one my paramedics had
to rush on board and stuff so that was
pretty intense but she was okay to
remember this talk thing that I've been
talking to you guys about I'm here now
and it's pretty cool it's at the Saatchi
Gallery and I've Omnicom and like Google
so I'm gonna be talking in front of
loads of like brands and peeps but I
thought I'd flog a little bit the
building lovely isn't that lovely view
might show you something that's inside
as well from an act so I'm miked up and
this is why I'm doing my talk on that
big stage right 200 people it's that
like yeah
sometimes but the thing applies mostly
to on YouTube is that no one really
starts it to become successful most
people who have found success have done
it because they started as a hobby like
myself and like three cirillo when you
think the 2.5 billion people making
videos but like visible 200 people in
this room I'm terrified I'm here
speaking to you
yeah I can make a video it's a 2.5
million people I can call free like it's
just a really surreal thing but when it
comes to your audience
why said she was both on the phone it's
like the difference with YouTube is I
feel like my audience is a lot more
engaged than say someone watching TV
so I'm back at home that was just me in
the taxi after the talk they put me in a
taxi back to Brighton which is nice then
so yeah I had one hours sleep on the
plane so my body is a bit all over the
place now but look at the weather it's
like four so I think what I'm going to
do is I've come outside to the garden I
think I'm just gonna lie down here and
try and just sleep for half an hour in
the Sun I might just try that
so I'm showered shaved clean don't smell
off planes and stuff anymore rested and
yeah I just thought I should end this
vlog thing as most the time I usually
forget to end the blogs but a couple of
things first then first things but I
need to stop doing that
so loads of you guys seemed to enjoy
when I did the cooking stuff on this
channel and I will definitely be doing
more of that in the future but for the
meantime I actually filmed a cooking
video with a guy called Ian who's like
this chef and he's all about eating well
and clean and stuff like that and that
was filmed over on the mum's iView
channel we cooked turkey burgers with
soup dates fries which was amazing so if
you guys want to check out leave a link
in the description and I highly
recommend that you go look at that
second thing I feel like the first book
I did a few weeks ago I was like I'm
gonna tell you what I'm doing this
channel and then I never told you so
when I move out because I still live at
home which is another question they're
still asking in my blogs I'm still
living at home and when I move out I'm
gonna hopefully be posting every day on
this channel
whether that be a daily vlog where
that'd be some kind of cooking there
whether it be a gaming video all that
kind of like lifestyle stuff will be
involved on one channel this channel so
as soon as I move out expect to see the
happened so hope you guys look forward
to that and let me know in the comments
if there's anything you want me to do
more cooking less cooking more vlogs
like some gaming stuff just let me know
but yeah in the meantime I love your 6
face and I will see you soon on this
channel bye
