what's up yeah hello
I didn't bring anything yesterday
because there was just too much going on
really it was so busy and we jet lag my
stuff but it is of course it's 9:00 in
the morning and me and Alfred are
wandering the streets of New York
because we're gonna get some food
because once this and then we're gonna
explore a little bit and yeah down there
we just spoke to this lovely girl it was
like yeah I can give you toys away like
jaywalking in front of the police the
police cars it's you that oh yeah and
it's not a green cuz that legal in you
know that's really illegal Oh
so we found the place that this girl
recommended and actually
some quality some huapi and now they
don't have these I don't have handles
they're just like round very variable
food has arrived having some oatmeal
porridge
so we finished breakfast and we're now
gonna go Oh me and Alfred we're gonna go
up there we do we thought that was the
Empire State Building we walk in and
there's this grumpy guy work and I would
hate to go out though it's not the
Empire State Building no the lobbies
clowns lobbies closed
oh how do we get up he's like it's not
the building bro it's like four blocks
long five blocks up or something so
awkward
there's the boy that's actually the boy
excited yeah pick on my try night buy a
house were flat out there the top floor
which we climbed out to try and climb in
yeah with no ropes I'm up for that
I'll get my buddy boy Godzilla to help
us out yeah sure so we had a quick Sun
green stuff always important to wear
some grim safety first
and we've sunk reamed ourselves off
because it's a very nice day and Alfie
is gone and bought one of these it's
give us that give us a gout it's a good
look pull it down
all right yes yeah only it on his upper
I'm just not too sure yeah he made it we
finally made it we met a nice guy he was
setting up the tickets and he put FUBU
like recognize get recognized in his
last four pictures and he was saying he
was like oh man issue guys famous let's
kind of get some pictures of you put
ours on Facebook Benny where he goes to
kids
he looks so bright so bright like a days
bright like a butler
the Empire State Building observatories
on New York City tonight for that and
teacher unobstructed 60 degree
look madam I don't know if you can see
it I'm just kind of walk around let's
see if you can see Alfie so excited
he's Sookie so Oh scared him a dropper
camera
ah cowboy up there we've clocked in a
cab first time in a yellow cab since
you've been here
how'd you feel about that I like it I
like it
we are gonna go to Central Park and I
came up the plan to rent bikes so that
we can cycle round explore Central Park
and catch some nice breeze under the
armpits and just have some fun
hey yeah Rolex yeah l4d I'm not 47th
Street again you know I get a couple
leather straps for that and then you get
in and out of the park real fast all
right okay in and out of the park
real fast thanks man he sounds a little
like Aaron pool so much that's why I
wanted to film them Bay sounds that guy
gar bikes cycling on Central Park this
is like so cool there's the life oh we
need to stop it's red light outfit do we
need to stop I don't know you meant stop
yeah Seiken in Central Park no done this
but it was so on its ear back on the
bike down on some cycling mission - it's
like get some food yeah cool
the suits came over seller decides like
oh so we start everything with so we
okay let's try this having just finished
a fantastic cycle around the elegant
views of Central Park we have now broken
before broken with now all right taking
a break taking a break for a spot of
shade and sights fear but no it's going
really well
I love of numerous local around like
said and it's really really fun with
Alfie's enjoying it too
we're getting my sweat but they call me
al sweat uh-huh but where we just chill
didn't prove it so you just stopped for
a spot lunch
it's like we dropped the back of bikes
back there was so much fun guys cycling
around really really really enjoyed it
yeah we've stopped at cold spot lunch
we're gonna chill and there's the day
who's name got a chicken and avocado
salad help you at the same any awesome
which is very very yummy so we finished
food and we've made it to Times Square
where it doesn't look as good and the
day is at night there's so many people
around
flashing lights
- retweeted what to do and one of the
highest recommended things was to go to
Toys R Us through Toys R Us oh I should
probably show you why that is lights so
we're gonna try and do something scoring
ahead so don't believe it there's a real
dinosaur an actual dinosaur just picked
up a drink and some fruit and stuff
might have a look a few shots we're in a
bit of a weird mood where we don't
really know what to do with our lives I
was sat in an alley - when we've been
sighting in for about 10-15 minutes just
on our phone and we're just don't really
know what to do with our lives right now
don't know whether to go back to town or
two just like ground so what that's good
we do we let you know dear Marcus says
that this is like one of his favorite
city so I'm leaving the Lambs market
inside the toilet
so we're in Urban Outfitters this is
folks all cut like a desk area and we're
such charges our phone they're really
critical interesting on that he's in a
restaurant
this is table my head so I just bought a
fuchsia I can't be bothered to get out
of the back feels like the longest we've
done so much stuff we are just in a cab
on the way back into the hotel where
we're just gonna chill for a bit because
we're so tired I need to edit and we
might try and plan somewhere like nice
after dinner with all the other guys
Alfie deyes this is on TMZ every day
finally got my Starbucks my cool I can
recommend you beeps whirring I think I'm
sponsored by Starbucks right every to be
unlike every tweet every done right
though you have a cooler fresher but I'm
just obsessed
let's check the sizes but you hated for
the size difference
that's mouth besides you're a big mouth
filled little mouth fit big mouth you
little man hello it's me again I'm ready
I went back to the room and edited and
had a shower and now me and this one is
going new head thing on this is my new
one alphas been out here with these guys
I for a while so I just came down to say
hi and stuff as well but we're going out
for dinner in a minute and we're meeting
up with the other guys
we haven't seemed like old days so being
like alone and stuff but it's be good so
I've met up with the others hi others
hello hi Joe how was your day Jones
uploading videos it's being a proper lad
don't turn any video back Joe calm for
words that's not a joke I like it
flag it washed it hi Louise are you the
first time you've seen me today yeah
what it's all right it's Marcus I have
that effect on a lot Wow
yeah Marcus booked a steakhouse
it's just that yes I've booked a
steakhouse rush the dinner at STK so
hopefully it's nice we finish dinner
that was honestly one of the best steaks
I've ever had in my life
and we've magically appeared at Times
Square yeah Times Square I'm strolling
to like keep my eyes open at this rate
because I have my contacts in for like
13 hours or something which for I only
have them four or five days it's quite
like full-on I think yeah the others got
their tickets to go to the Empire State
and obviously we went earlier so
literally sorry
so me and Alfie are heading back to the
hotel and I need to finish a bit of
editing if I can fall asleep yes I
thought I just finished the day here
it's been an awesome day and loads of
fun
Alfie's met someone
there's a little Peter anyway I'm gonna
end this book here so I love it's nice
pieces and I will see you tomorrow maybe
yeah
so just before I finish this blog on the
way home we have to live all past this
which I've never been in five times of
being here so we're gonna have a look in
Grand Central Station and see just what
it's like I just want to move around and
see what's happening this is like cool
now no matter some of you might be like
oh it's a train station
not
but it down
this is crazy man I love you like the
marble is so much nicer than the UK nice
and clean and just cool and just liked
right anyway I'm gonna end today's book
now so here
