oh well hi a couple of things first
things first I'm not the realist no
first things first I know I did it well
not really oh it's just man flu so you
know how to sore throat in that throat
it's gone but now it's just like so yeah
I'm out of breath because beam we're up
and down some stairs not just the fun
because I had had a reason and yeah so
basically today there's lots going on
I've got my flat which if you watch me
on my main channel which you probably
shared how does that babe weird if you
just watch this and you had never seen
that you would have seen a video where I
talk about like just a load of random
stuff and like why I have this flat and
so this is like my filming flat where I
film and I've had this flat for sort of
a few years and just whilst I've been
like for the last six months I mean is
next like a filming flat for kids
filming at home is quite like full-on
like when people because my family work
from home so it's quite like hard to
always film at home and stuff so I
thought I'd film here so this is like
the little it's only really small it's
like a little one bed flat
I'm just very now looking around but
this will soon be rented out when I move
which is hopefully within the next like
month two months tops like it's been
going on for ages like the process and
it's just a mish but it is going through
I know the reason I'm here is to watch
the basketball so I'm a massive
basketball fan and I come here because I
can record the basketball here and come
watch it so I can watch the NBA finals
right now it's the first game I'm about
to watch and Miami San Antonio Spurs I'm
a big Miami fan I'm already a massive
Miami fan that's not strictly true I'm a
massive lebron james fan have been since
you went into the NBA so i kind of just
like follow whoever he he's with so i'm
gonna watch that first game it's really
early in the morning
I came and I ate in the morning or
something and then yeah I need to buy a
new camera to replace this this is my
phone and I need to pack some loads New
York tomorrow and we might be seen one
direction tonight so yeah we'll see how
well Miami lost which sucks but with
basketball even though it's like the
finals it's like best of seven so it's
the first team to win four games so
there's probably more time left for them
what a gorgeous gorgeous day is the
competent sky it's beautiful beautiful
daddy I have to go get some much shorts
on it's pretty warm I sometimes have
teased my friend as well it's actually
not bad I saw one of your folks where
everyone in the comments said they
preferred your eye friend I not only
watch your videos
we are getting some food that we're
heading off to Joe and Caspar and then
we meant only to smelting Alfie's gonna
change out of being on Hawaiian boy yeah
Joe up my block you gotta wait
despite cover is broke I'm at Joe's
house and I just lost him a table
football yeah like my glasses like my
camera like my life my life is broken
into pieces don't play
I played Josephine I played out for you
and these guys always make me sound like
I'm at FIFA saying that I'm always
losing but I'm actually always been more
like you want played Brazil first Brazil
they see liars liars liars liars
I'd be out for now he wanted to
basically the reason behind Joseph he
quit halfway for the lead obviously like
he's so he's so no he just published so
he's like let's watch this go I just
good as let's watch the go we don't
so tough like this is Marcus but slow
you might have met him from the internet
met watch good Marcus he's just got
contact lenses
I mean how it's a problems aren't you
yes and Louise is a specialist and so
I'm going to I drop him
so we film this okay and will you also
Joey film boxes good thing with that
he'll be able to see what he's coming
okay
Mark's is crying now I'm just cry secret
secret secret come
good luck trying to flick that one round
I see the Joker speech Fall Out Boy
do the same look as everyone out several
just said we're here and we're walking
up we're really excited I've been
sucking driving for two hours that's
what everyone else said and I wanted to
say too so yeah keep you in the loop
we've been escorted out because it all
got a bit hectic apparently but we're
being swarmed across some very nice
security to a different location where
we're heading now
we miss the star which kind of sucks but
hopefully we'll get
okay
how bright is the show thing this is
Oh
so the concert has finished I have no
voice purely from mainly being ill and
singing my heart out little Luke home -
it's quite hand quickly
Wow if I'm like this Smurfs because I
got my contacts in and they've been here
for about 10 hours and obviously I'm not
really that used to yeah but sorry
we're waiting for a car and then we're
going to leave but that was very good
there was a lot of people it was very
very good very fun it got better as it
got darker so as he would or the
atmosphere got better and yeah it's just
really good fun so we're back at the
boys house is Cass oh hey timber he sad
beat Joe Elia and I beating Kasper also
score cats for one but it's not much
better
cats how'd you feel about losing
