anyway after a bad start to the day I'm
back home with my coffee what are your
guys thoughts on coffee by the way I've
only like just going into it and I only
drink like Americanos because I started
on espressos when we're in Italy with
all the boys and loads of them we're
having coffee every day like Louie and
stuff and they were like yeah yeah you
should just try it so I was like what
I'm tired and they're like yeah try and
espresso so I had an espresso and I
started having them right every day so I
guess that kind of got me into it but
any of hey I'm also vlogging off my
iPhone because my cameras broke and
loads of you also liked it when I made
that and pizza dough pizza broke I made
my vlog in Norwich with the iPhone load
you were like well that's actually
better so who knows anyway today I am
I've got lots of things to do so it's
why I thought I'd film a lot of its work
stuff but I have to go and get my eyes
checked because I have bad eyes and I've
been thinking about laser eye surgery
potentially maybe maybe not but I also
want to try and wear contacts like I
used to wear contacts but I never really
wore them never got them with them they
should dry my eyes out hate to wear
might always be like this all day so
I've booked an appointment to go and see
my optician and try and get like a
different field is it four different
contact lenses and stuff just see if I
can get on with them so that's happening
um and yeah I'm just gonna film the rest
of this day and see if you like it
because then I can tell you what I might
be doing more on this channel
just realize there's my tree as some of
you might not know I have a tree a
bonsai tree I called it Bob this is Bob
everyone I instagrammed Bob ages ago but
this is Bob
look I watered him yesterday he's in
very good tip-top condition a bonsai
tree oh hello ghost is basically a real
like the effects of a real tree just
like miniature and they're Japanese and
that's about all I know
but yeah it's a pretty cool thing I got
it from Ikea ages ago why do I keep
ghosts anyway I'm running very late I
need to shower because my eye thing is
in like 40 minutes so think that's like
record time for getting ready I got
really so quick I'm actually a little
bit early for my appointment so I'm just
gonna sort of sit here for about 10
minutes or so but you know it's weird
like how long have I been doing YouTube
for like four years whatever and I
probably blogged maybe two years I still
find vlogging in public when I'm on my
own like a weird to them like just again
intimidated by people like walking
around even now as we walk around they
just stare at you like ways that keep
doing especially as I'm on my phone
everything I'm really obnoxious and just
taking like millions of selfies so yeah
that's the thing that I get scared about
just thought I'd share with you so
because I saw and thought that quickly
trying to shop and try on a t-shirt I
thought it was quite nice with you guys
in this t-shirt
I mean I like it I think I really like
it it's just it's really like if they
can different it's different
yeah it's different maybe but seriously
let me know
voila I have lenses in my eyes you know
I'm showing you it it did this really
weird thing when he recessing they put
like this orange like he was like I'm
good to put some eyedrops in just your
text so did this one I drop an each eye
and I blinked and everything went orange
like the whole room turned orange it was
the weirdest thing don't know I did it
but he did it anyway so yeah I got
contact lenses we went for two weekly
ones so I have the same pair in not for
two it's constant like have to take them
out and wash them every night but we're
gonna try these because the ones I tried
before with dailies and I just didn't
get mean and they dried my eyes out and
so I've got these in and I have a
two-week trial of them so we'll see how
they go
but anyway it's lunch so I got myself a
nice superfood salad from Pratt so I've
got I'll show you I can't really do this
with this phone can you see this it's
some food it's like quinoa Hamas and
some other arm stuff I'm gonna put some
mind chicken in there yeah and then I've
got some work stuff to do I've got a
cool with Google in a bit put some
branding stuff so I may show you some
bear just having a cheeky scroll through
tumblr to you know just catch up and
think what's reblog tumblr is just one
of those things that everything you see
you're just like give me I want I want
to be there take me there just a world
of wanting and desires and needs really
isn't it and on that note by the way if
you want to follow me on tumblr it's
Marcus Butler tumblr.com so I just had a
about an hour conference cool with
Google as I mentioned I was gonna film
some but then I was like in the zone so
I can hear onto it but I'm doing a chat
in front of a bunch of advertisers and
stuff as part of like this um calm event
next week so there's gonna be like 200
like brand ambassadors and like
specialists saying that I'm gonna be up
there like hey hey look
the post today so if you guys watch
Tyler you'll have no you did this whole
like fundraising campaign ten and I
helped any and stuff and I got my face
hey Marcus show you these so I'm going
to New York and in a few days to do did
you fast or did you talk member and
often I'm in New York and America in
general now I wasn't into the shop
yesterday answer these special like
limited-edition converse and I was just
like look I have to get these let me not
you think you ready wait wait that's the
worst language shade oh like one side is
stars and one sided stripes do you know
I think they're quite cool and yeah you
do so
I've had lots of lemon tea and
paracetamol and we're watching Game of
Thrones well looks like it's miles away
it's good
what this is my name's if my makeup on
there you go that's nice
okay well that's today's vlog haven't
looked in ages like this this takes me
back to like hello when I was daily
vlogging like properly every day just
for us I never actually told you my if
only you could see how I'm saying right
now I didn't ever tell you my plans so
for this channel I might save it for
tomorrow because unless you rolled in
tomorrow saw something that's it for
tomorrow yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
this video if you want to see more stuff
like this and give it a thumbs up and
yeah I will see you more on this channel
