we are leaving
Juno today it's lightly I feel that you
haven't really been in my folks much
yeah what's the plan well we didn't find
anything in Jeanette is it you know what
you know what you know but maybe some in
my home but today we're going to hear
less Betsy ah I think that's how you
pronounce it it's this coastal village
with amazing colorful buildings which
you see you to flee like we looked at
the bitch lost my Tamara okay we need to
go there ASAP and then I think this
afternoon we're gonna try and get to
please that to see the Leaning Tower of
Pisa and then it's Pisa in Tuscany it's
a maybe on the edge it's about an hour
away from Flores and then just outside
Florence we've got this amazing like
villa in Vincent vineyards and the
mountains that was so lose friends
hooked us up
so we're gonna go in there Casper come
here you look good burn out after all
the rain yesterday look but you can't
see yeah I fell off I should maybe be in
less warm clothes I didn't really
prepare for Italy that's holiday try
this from the lads holiday so we're
leaving Jim - no Jenny
- go to - Pieta
we are in the SPEA
it's a beautiful drive to the scenery
very scenic
I'm gonna go explore we're gonna eat
some good food do stuff yeah we made it
to Las Betsy ah they are driving through
nothing linking through we're currently
driving through the town towards the
pretty colors of the beach we just found
out so my friend my man LA who lives in
Milan he's organizing the next two days
for us he said tomorrow morning we're
going to the best spa in Europe and he
said we've got winery all afternoon
wine-tasting and then they they're
putting on a special dinner for us
I don't wanna say goodbye show me what
you're made of
show me what you're made up yo Nicky now
that my core bus so fresh probably
thought it was a Corvette and if you
wonder why your girl Emma commands at
you when my she ignore them
hashtag she was singing with her
laughing now remember when you wear this
 Manny Pacquiao then King so fast
nowadays cuz he used to fly hard now
you're super good at backing out one
shot two shot you with
the King now coming for you
I wanna say goodbye I just want to stay
done
down in the nineties cuz I got game two
girls in my hotel and I'm not paying she
want to know my occupy a set I make
money money make money money a like a
rat bank unfulfilled oh come to my place
if you wanna well show we're gonna get
killed I think that someone's back on
follow me boy
we're gonna get bit living here that's a
lot oh that's pretty
you know if you've just been doing some
scenic shots over my Instagram and
Instagram - Marcus Butler
that's the PISA we have a rise that's
apropos yeah you mean oh yeah as you saw
that was the Leaning Tower of Pisa which
is very very leaning leaning I can't
remember why exactly it means that much
oh you're stopping apparently now
apparently they built it not too late
though they didn't I watched a program
and it started leaning but then some
like genius fixed it by doing something
in long round but deadly didn't know he
did know he did because it would have it
was leaning more and more each year or
something I think we'll find out in the
comments but yeah anyway was leaning too
much I came and pushed it the other way
a little bit now it's alright Oh maestro
of course man yeah of course
anyway the crew damn the man damn lads
on tour we made it to the car road trip
down turd where are we going we're going
to start in Morocco is that right let's
drop Australia to Morocco we're going to
a place that's the best spot in Europe
and and and wine and yeah so tomorrow we
have lined up the best bar in Europe and
the whole wine-tasting afternoon choice
for you should we take the route that
takes an hour and 29 minutes through the
takes an hour and 28 minutes or the
route that takes
31 minutes I say the road that suggested
first
