yoy yoy yoy yo what up 2nd China wha
what up with JA um hi I'm vlog today
because today is being kind of busy um
because we are casi boy we're going to
travel it everyday what it is that Louie
Louie doesn't move his car yet oh um so
yeah we are basically we've stopped
already
right we've spent the day sorting out
the cars and where we can get the cars
so me Casper Louie and Nick came to pick
the cars up because we wanted to try and
find one big car where we could all fit
in but they didn't have any of those and
also apparently they said that um they
don't give us bigger cars or nice
clothes because it may pulls everyone
steals cars so the basically gave us
like just kind of a standard car
everyone in Naples feels guys honestly
they don't even cover you for insurance
for if your car get stolen in Naples and
then the guy was like yeah I wouldn't
really recommend we'd and so it was like
oh like I wouldn't really recommend you
go to nipples cuz your car me gets
stolen I was like cool bye anyway we are
starting the road trip we're waiting for
Louie cuz I don't have a clue where
we're going then we're gonna pick the
other boys up then we got lunch like to
talk boys would you know about that Cass
what are you talking about only I'd have
not de G since I lost blogged and but
we've basically got the two cars we
didn't find Louie but this car cyclists
because me Casper Tyler and Joe really
thought of the name of a car and I'm
also vlogging while driving which is
probably illegal animal did you order
you can
we got right right here by their so what
do you think a German I mean for the
name uh I don't know title is good at
this kind of stuff
tight tight as a creative on you came
from me on the spot like this I don't
know we'll update you will update you
just basically saying
whip up hey guys
Oh
we made a offer stressful lost little
drive and this is the room now this is
like really really cool um I'm just
trying to turn the lights on she but
Louise friend hooked us up with the room
um I think it was to his friend oh there
we go
pretty yeah the room we're seeing in a
Holiday Inn which are in the UK so I was
like ah Holiday Inn like yeah I've seen
hoedowns but this is like massive look
you walk in and it's like Oh massive bad
like it's really cool in Genoa so far as
you saw on the way the drive is
beautiful honestly one of the best
drives I've ever done in my life um you
can't see anything it's about yeah we
find a little room in the middle of the
cell and basically it's very small it
has only three machines
now what's this machine code running
machine okay let me show you up twice on
me start do you know oh oh you pulled
this you can't plug the only Ted Alfie
why cuz will join me to follow yeah bill
my power my power on the track track
until
yeah I mean Usain Bolt okay I want to
try on that on the hook but here nothing
okay Foster and someone put up Simon
doing about it cause we get the move
I know my boy
Oh
this has occurred
good
Oh
you are
you're busy yeah
you're flying fish
it's scary driver
other the
yes
