guten morgen everybody whatever accent
was that hello
this is my view from my hotel room yes
not very nice but it's like I am gonna
go to the gym what can I
I haven't even looked at any of this
footage where I'm doing really weird
voices it's just going the flow you know
but um yeah me and Jim are going to the
gym in this hotel see what it's like
don't know what it's like but I'd Pete's
last night which is really bad so I need
to go and work out a little bit and then
we've got another meet up today look at
the weather Milan Milan or today the
weather don't know what that was it's
not a good weather anyway I just rose
haven't vlogged since before the gym so
me and Jim went to the gym and had a
really good workout in the gym and we
were both almost throwing up so I guess
that's a good sign and now me and
Josephine had a little bit of stress
because we need to face
on videos and we also have to get back
okay basically our hotel is kind of in
the middle of Milan and it has terrible
internet and nowhere near as good in
tonight so we know a hotel that's on
like the east side of Manhattan where I
went the other day where there's fast
internet but we also have to get to meet
up in an hour and a half that's on the
west side of Manhattan so we are on our
way to go all the way over to the east
just try not load and then we've got to
get all the way to the back to the web
site in an hour off then we'll make it
yeah kind of same olanzapine vests
training is quite dull day today good
runs a beautiful city Carmichael I
really like the roads you can't get
anywhere fast but the roads are yeah
so we made it to the hotel the fosston
tonight oh and makes it food woke us up
in this hotel Jose uploaded minds almost
uploaded you just saw a white screen and
then we've got to leave it for probably
like five ten minutes to get a cab
blue that's the venue to just keep you
in the loop me and Joe made it while so
we made it we got we did the upload and
we got half an hour to get to the meetup
now so we just won the car but it's only
like 15 minutes away so if there's no
traffic we should walk in and then a few
minutes to spare we've even got where
it's really cool taxi and then we've got
like two dogs sometimes 2x on roofs big
Sun roofs
I can see the rain we made it with a
solid 20 minutes note to the meetup so
we've got the videos up with head and
now we're gonna go meet some Italian
very good day it's going well give me a
high five
Aldo thank you
look at this amazing TV enjoy yes that
was really cool actually I'm just an
unfortunate turn like site yeah who is
Joe and class was the low impromptu
thing I Jim
after I'll meet up just to meet as many
people as we could pretty fun and now
we're doing what it's our last night in
Milan um yeah it's our last night here
in Milan and we are going out for the
Reese's kind of like early birthday meal
thing and a couple drinks and stuff and
it's shooting really fun like it's been
a different completely new experience
meeting loads of Italian fans and
learning like Italian culture and just
hanging out and stuff but yeah we are
heading out to dinner I'm gonna be
wearing what Amsterdam just taking off
to air because ribbit smelly or sweaty
but don't want to run out of clothes for
the rest of the trip so I wanted to get
some fashion advice so I was just
hanging Thailand because I never wear
hats this way and I still haven't seen
the vlog because it hasn't been edited
yet and weren't seen it the response
from you guys is like I'm wearing them
back this way I never do it oh no I
fight Sue Ellen
so nice so we have come out to dinner me
Jimbo I tan bow and zobo who was a lilac
but she's feeling a little bit better
right a little bit but we're in the
hello
now you it's very preachy volunteer
isn't it what is that very peachy where
you should be cheaply cheap you didn't
you a photo a photo a photo
so very cozy
I feel like
we finished meal and we are going to go
out for a few drinks with these
sicknesses a birthday celebration so
your celebration tea for Louie's
birthday
