Hey look where I am I am in Milan
we've just got to the hotel I'll share
the room and come round here it's bed
yeah
bed and bench and stuff I've even seen
the bottom also slide oh that's fancy
but flea it's covered up top cupboard no
that's a shower anyway I'm in the land
for the I don't know how to pronounce it
it's a tube I to tube I mean if the tube
because Italy it uh and yeah we've just
got here but we're we've all checked in
and with starving it's lunchtime so we
are gonna head out for some food
nothing's really preparing for the day I
think most people just gonna chill and
then tonight it's we're going out for
like dinner for caspere's birthday sort
of thing don't really know what's
happening but um yeah do you think I can
rock a hat like this um tumblr sent me a
bunch of stuff which is there I am
starving Pizza I don't know about pieces
or something
Nick you're gonna appreciate this Nick
I'll just be having a little snack just
have some some some spelt grains and
some almonds
so we're now out on the streets of Milan
or in London or I hate you in the back
my vlog Joe always does this funny thing
but we've just found out that no
basically we're trying to get some food
everywhere in Milan decides to shop from
like two till seven or something man I
don't know whether that's because it's a
holiday she said or just that's what
they do out here so we're wandering the
streets trying to find somewhere to be
because there's lots of hangry flop
around I didn't vlog in here that but we
went to supermarket and also whole
kitchen that chicken was amazing how was
that so good to eat healthily it was
what we what we wanted to basically and
what we needed
but um yeah me and Nick basically the
Wi-Fi in the hotel isn't the best so I
was trying to upload a vlog and it said
it was taking 4,500 minutes which is a
long time so we're gonna head out and
just walk into like Central Milan and
have a little adventure and explore a
bit and also try and find some faster
Wi-Fi
we've been walking for about half an
hour now and we're very hot and we've
went into like two places and they
haven't they haven't got Wi-Fi so we're
on our way towards the center still but
and that looks pretty so bent about five
places now and that's failed so we've
resorted to the Metro which is
interesting Nick knows where he's going
I have no clue but we're gonna try and
find someone that he knows - yet - you
guys this what we found somewhere with
not even just like internet this place
that we came to was Nick's old hotel
yeah and I was like okay let me test it
and it was like we're easy fast like the
video uploaded in like 6 minutes
so fast that I didn't have enough time
to do the thumbnail and stuff but that
is being hot so that's been a success
and now we're heading to do an up which
is good what part of Milan oen no is
there a certain part I don't know but we
caught the metro to this part and it's
like a completely different atmosphere
and vibe here like this area seems
really chilled and nice yeah but I
couldn't tell you where we are
it's like north east of on the east of
the city where if any of you guys know
that's in the middle but east of the
middle okay look how close these people
Park here this is insane
literally called a bumper for nothing
like and then this side blue I'm sorry
but that is physically impossible to go
out without hitting the other car thing
I knew haven't in France but maybe in
Italy people pop like that is looking
for rash to death that is what you call
hat hair for a day time to shower
literally had to turn on and shout turn
around shower shower and stuff like that
in like 10 minutes or dinner with
guess what me and Louie
Austin birthday by the same name same
birthday same bet there you go
so we through me when don't I start with
so we are heading to get some gelato ice
cream and I say we're about 20 people
there who as well but we're gonna get
some ice cream and then maybe got after
see what I'm gonna hit you with an
antique stuff I'm gonna get chocolate
ice cream
thank you
justgo my icecream Oh oh my why does
that hurt back at the hotel now that
didn't really happen early we tried to
go out it didn't really work we got some
ice cream and then we just came back to
those hell so I need to sort of get rid
of this lump of dog bone and yeah I will
see you guys tomorrow
