hello beautiful sexy people look at this
we are in a different location well
we're in the same location we're in the
exact same room
we're just sat a little bit differently
I'm very excited for this video I came
up with the idea whilst we were actually
at VidCon and we tried to it bit on but
we literally didn't have the time to do
it while strip width on I thought would
be a really good place they're a bit fun
we just think it around to do it so
we're going to be doing it here in
England and that is I mean you obviously
know a title a blindfold it FRA test
alright chips fries I'm gonna have a
t-shirt blindfolding me we have got five
different types of fries we're gonna oh
I don't know what how they're gonna be
because Matt's gonna place them down
here I am gonna be blindfolded and we're
gonna taste them and I have to guess
where they're from
Dada Dada Dada I've just eaten my normal
lunch so always doing trying stuff after
just eating is never a fantastic idea
it's fine
I'm very excited for this video though
so the fries that we're gonna have is we
got five anything's I think we got
McDonald's you're bugging him you want
Nando's we've got KFC and we've got gbk
fried I would say out of that list
McDonald's is my favorite fries but
let's see if it means their own tripod
I'm also very confident in my ability
getting 5 out of 5 in this I just I'm
pretty confident in that I can't I
haven't seen the fries they're all in
there in the kitchen I literally haven't
seen them so blindfolds going on
why why fry so good it's not fair that
they're bad whew and they taste that
good
oh so I suppose some chip something
oh really I'm do cool and chips would
you put the fries chips yes I only say
fries and sweet potato fries
I never say oh yes a match the last
times weird doesn't it just you have
sweet potato chips doesn't doesn't fit
so number one have you got clean hands I
have a thing about someone else touching
my food yeah okay so they're laid out
left to right or right to left right
number one here we go are you gonna okay
but do I have to get straight or what
like I don't eat it
and then I have to say what it is yeah
and say at ten we think is alright so
going for it yeah yeah all right this is
hard half what was gonna be I'm very
potato a very thick it's a girl eat
oh my god this is hard I honestly
thought I'd get five out of five on this
okay it's a thick chip do you know when
this is hard if hard don't do any chips
I'm like pretty much like can guarantee
I know as McDonald's and bacon you
haven't got any fancy fries have you
like some of the new fries no the
standard fries okay rating that as a
chip before I guess I mean it's a bit
cold so it's not nice it was a very soft
either base the salt and obviously
without ketchup is it Nando's no
that was an end oh no okay don't tell me
what it was it's fine we'll go friend
will give you answers at the end okay
alright number two
yeah oh that's that's quite annoyed me
okay
it takes us a Carl ward oh I'm in two
minds right now I'm like is this
McDonald's or is this
I don't even know gbk flies are oh this
is so on this is not fun I was really
looking for this video honest you don't
know my gut is telling me McDonald's
okay
Cherie dude was also the end of told me
to tell you now stop writing down what
you've said wrong you joking no joking
oh dear ready for number three so - oh I
know this
that's none those that is Nando's
there's that taste be sure I'm a hundred
percent nose no nose are you yeah you're
Trombley reverse psychology it's ten
days yeah all right
I dunno not like I don't really have no
no chips that much but I used to have
them a lot and I think that that flavor
is just craned into my brain baby number
four yeah so I've got one out of three
yeah I know oh my god when you have kids
cold they are horrible so I so soggy oh
my god that does not taste good cold
we're literally taking like all the
slider from my mouth that's baking
there's no yeah it is I've never used to
really rate therefore I used to eat a
lot of burger gained a lot the xcel
bacon double cheeseburger was my that
was my one but never really really great
the burgers the chips yeah and is
expensive as well wasn't it compared to
the others
was it yeah me it was like 750 the
drinking chips or but they are they do
have be good burgers ready for last one
yeah oh sorry oh I know that floppy fry
honestly guys if you want to change your
diet and eat healthier make me let your
food go cold let your faster a bit cold
and anything because it doesn't not
taste nice cold that that's McDonald's
yeah it is
I was so sure that that mom was
McDonald's don't take your blindfold off
yeah so Jesus Christ that's bright
oh my god smoke alarm in the cave yeah
when you renew none during your mom just
come in and wait off for school and just
open the blinds I feel like that right
now so so only is for the first - do you
know what even that shows I don't have
KFC KFC even if I was going to get have
another guess
after getting those wrong I would have
said that was KFC and that was do you
became because you only to get it mixed
up now there's an gbk I think a very
similar picture oh they look very good I
was having a lunch amazing gbk good luck
mayne natives really astute airfryer so
actually having the best when it's all
hot with Donald's chips hot I feel like
you Tom I feel like you can't beat
McDonald's chips hot cold I didn't like
McDonald's I used to prefer Burger King
KFC see I was never really I mean I did
he kept see but I never read that wasn't
my go to KFC in the circumstances that
we ate them in my favorite has to be
Nando's don't know why and John there
files don't look very good but they when
you get that pair of salt on there mixed
him of ketchup but if I'm reading them
hot my choice and I don't think you can
be is the begin I think the worst ones
Casey what works for our worst a chips
dry they look see I thought they tasted
like McDonald they're like very similar
to McDonald's very if that was in that
is identical to McDonald's yeah Domino's
has that smell fries you decide all
secret sauce yeah I think
I would put Bokan as the worst rice
which it cold hot we'd have to do a hot
taste test it's different ball game
different ball game well yeah I really
hope you guys enjoyed this video
it's one like I said we want to see for
a while one week VidCon and I only got
around to doing it now but we if you
like this with prize we'll do it with a
bunch of different things we can know
with burgers we do with drinks we can do
over a whole load of things so give it a
thumbs up if you enjoyed that comment
below if you'd like to see more and yeah
I will see you tomorrow
moving on video goodbye
