hello hello what up what up second
channel student know how to introduce
videos I thought I'd make a quick little
vlog for you one because I'm packing and
it's stressing me out I'm going to Italy
there's like the first-ever Italian
meetup which is really exciting because
one I've never really been to mainland
Italy before I've been to Venice but not
anywhere else and two we get to meet
some of you Italians and through beauty
lots of food
so yes packing is stressful as much you
know but the other reason I want to make
this is because if you didn't know my
clothing line came out the other day
which was so exciting for me and you
guys gave me like the most incredible
feedback that you could want you guys
love the product you seem to be really
enjoying them and you're buying it and
just seem to like it which made me happy
but the reason I'm filming this is
because I have a very very very exciting
announcement and I think most people are
watching me vlog hi Hey
so yeah if you if you haven't seen the
stuff I'll put a link down there but
obviously these are my packing
essentials gonna be taking these with me
I've got the white hello t-shirt lovely
a little bit creased sorry about that
not all right or I've got my Marquis
buck buck gray and there's a females cut
of that which I don't have
and then I've got the orange Marquis
buck buck and I got their black hello
you know I'm talking about I'm like
trouble being I'm not just saying this I
live in this beanie all the time
obviously not always liked I'm wearing
it right now but if I'm having a bad
hair day I'm traveling I just wear this
beanie cuz it's so freakin comfy and
then of course there's the beautiful
hoodie which I pretty much live in as
well I sleep in it I work out in it I
eat in it not in it but you know what I
mean
anyway but on to this announcement so
what I wanted to say it was if you guys
from America and the rest of the world
you may realize that the shipping is a
little bit expensive for the clothing
now I'm trying to do everything in my
power to adjust these shipping rates so
that it's more accessible and easier and
obviously less expensive for you guys
now because America is my biggest
viewing audience I had most feedback
from you guys saying that you couldn't
get stuff purely because of the shipping
now that kind of annoyed me because I
don't want you guys to feel like you
can't get stuff just because of the
postage so what we did we went to the
postage people were like look is there
any way that we can get some kind of
deal with you even if it's just like a
one-off just to see if it will increase
people to buy this stuff who can't
afford the postage they came back and
amazingly they said yes so they've given
us this one-week deal for the US only
where they've been able to cut shipping
like massively like massively so if you
are from the US and you try to get
something but you're like the shipping
is expensive have a look and see if it's
any better now like I said this is only
for one week and it's only for America
but if it's successful who knows they
might open up and let us do it for the
rest of the world I don't know they're
just using this as a test so as soon as
I found that out I wanted to make this
to let you guys know because you
literally they've given us a week and I
wouldn't you guys to be able to get
stuff so hopefully that we'll be able to
maybe make it a little bit easier for
you the rest of the world peeps
hopefully I can bring this out to you
guys too it will all depend on how this
goes and if they'll let me continue this
some will just have to wait Pacey but
there might be another update vlog
announcing that it's worldwide who knows
so visit Marcus Butler shop.com put
stuff into your shopping cart calculate
your postage your packaging on the site
and see if that helps you out a little
bit and please do let me know on the
comments section on this video if that
does help you out because I want to help
you as much as I can like get this stuff
because that's my that's the whole point
of it I would like you guys to buy this
stuff so the easier I can make it for
you
the better right yeah but anyway you
know but yeah I want to share it with
you now I've got to finish packing and
it is literally like a five
start tomorrow morning know like good I
want to kill myself in the morning but
also I am vlogging Italy so we are gonna
be there acting for days in Milan and
then me and some of the guys are doing a
road trip across like the whole of Italy
so we're just gonna like travel around
different cities and have a little
adventure and my arms changing or I'm
gonna film all of that and vlog all of
it so I can share that footage with you
as well well I'm gonna go and eat now
cuz I'm starving
have a look at the site and hopefully
this whole thing will make it a lot
easier for you guys in the u.s. to get
some stuff and if this is successful and
we can pull this off then the rest of
the world as well but yeah I will see
your faces in Italy ah
I completely forgot to say in the vlog
that how it works out is like the heavy
I don't really know how they've
calculated this but the heavier it is so
the more things that you get the cheaper
it ends out working out so just for
example say you're gonna get two hoodies
so I've got my basket here there's two
hoodies if it's gonna yeah - it is and
down here calculate your postage and
packaging this is as if I'm in
California and I've put in a popular zip
code calculate post and package in
that's now $4 20 on that ship in which
is pretty pretty cheap I think
considering like originally for one
hoodie that it was charging like $14 or
something like that first shipping so
yeah have a play around have a look but
the more like things the heavier it is
the cheaper ends up getting but still
have a look and let me know anything
