morning Dave three or four or something
like that um Oh what was that
all right I'm just gonna plug yeah yeah
we get the enthusiastic um I am going
off to fuller a little bit about for
some food with Troy and Connor and these
ladies Lucy Zoe and her Oh what are you
doing just chilling yeah going to chill
basically and then I'm gonna go chill
with them after this is Caspar Lee at
his best right now I'm doing a strange
is that why cause yesterday also Casca
the good thing is I'll be able to spot
you from the model over performer thank
you
that's good always been missing so we're
intimate Anya's room and we're now Matt
with Connor and Troy and these guys are
going to be watching the boy band music
video for the first time so I thought
it'd be funny to film their reaction
Tomsk it is you know we call Shane right
we can't tell you did just to pre warn
you we can't thing I'll be speared
so we are heading off finally to the
Millenial any implies something like
that some food and as per usual in this
taxi I promised him some aspirin a
little work that's boring if we were
partying in the taxi once and then the
police stopped us and they said can you
please bribe us we have to bribe that
see them and then frightened and started
to attack so that's how heading do okay
so I'm kind of happy right now but is
once better Chipotle here and we're
gonna go to Chicago and to there's a
Starbucks here which obviously means up
yet that was and three
there's a massive Urban Outfitters here
which makes me really have money to
under Jim shares a reason they stated
good one okay
that Chipotle was almost and now we have
probably Oh
and now we've come to open Outfitters
which have been I love this shot this
shop in Florida I've come before Miami
is amazing so yeah pretty exciting so
I'm pretty happy right now because I
just got myself this little thing again
which means I can get 4G connected to my
phone all the time because data is
really expensive and yeah now I can
connect that and now Cass wants to wrap
for you the slushie for sashimi Hudak
medusahead on me like I'm Madi cool
anyway now me and Troy are gonna go and
get what we gonna get Troy every time I
get one of these when I'm in LA
I think Marcus because he creams for the
street did I did I introduce you to I
told you to get it in my ear so we're
going to go grab one of those and then
head back to the hotel so Ben JimBob
I've decided to do like this little like
impromptu meet up we're just kind of
wandering around then you guys rush like
hey so yeah we're just meeting some guys
so this is how long you guys so that
little like impromptu me up is now kind
of just turned into a line that keeps on
getting longer
hello everywhere oh is this your pack oh
yeah oh yeah I think so so that got a
little bit nuts um but that was a fun no
me I wasn't a gym
really Thank You Erin for coming yeah
thank you and we will see you in our
official me up but I'm going swimming
now with Tonya and Troy hello
yay you're not actually swimming in
clothes they just gonna watch me
swimming oh it's gonna be a bit creepy
actually isn't it you could do we could
judge you and stuff you okay I could
perform I could perform with bamberd a
bad a bad better Bam Bam Bam Bam I'm
better um yeah that impromptu me I was
really fun like I love doing stuff like
that like being able to meet you guys
cuz we had the organized stuff but when
we actually get to like do random stuff
that you guys you know like surprising
you it's really fun so I like that and
then I'm for a little swim now I've got
ready and we are going out for dinner
Noemi has gone out to see her
grandparents cuz they live here so she's
gone to hang with them for the day hang
with them and she's going for dinner
with them but me and the other guys
going out to Bahama Breeze for dinner
I'm now here not here really we are here
but we're not
because we had to wait now in true
thanks man thanks and Joey is here how
are you I've just realized I was bugging
your testing on your face
sorry about that I'm gonna flirt that
out yeah but we've just got some snacks
well I say we are 90 these guys dream
you
