morning we are like going to the gym
because we're like I need landed last
night wake it up going to the gym I
think I smell a birth but you know we're
going to the gym with the gym crew again
Joe's coming Casper's coming Alfie
probably won't be coming but Jim wants
father Jim flew in last night which is
cool um and then we're gonna go to like
Universal and Universal on playlist cool
good one Marcus and Universal and
Islands of Adventure which I'm super
excited for because I am obsessed with
islands of adventure and rollercoasters
Oh like unreal rollercoasters like other
than Magic Mountain I'd say this and
Busch Gardens this is my second favorite
third favorite so yeah we can't get on
there
Jim crew reunited Jim crew Tim crew Tim
crew Tim crew Tim crew
we are going going to Universal and
under venture we are going going going
there yeah yeah yeah are you excited I'm
just so happy the Sun is out I haven't
seen the Sun in so long
look at your hair spin there spin okay
it's all brown and myself we're gonna
get mediums now and go down there hey
girl this was offensive why war hi how
are you I'm good living the dream whose
daily vlogging now you are currently
know who's gonna be dating me is I am
language do you guys remember when Tyler
was like can you just say it one more
time you can say daily vlogging oh
my god and now he's daily vlogging
listen just you know keeping the people
informed you're pointing over here
million times
you're the only one
we're now
yeah Jeff
you got two separate groups going on
here we've got the stupid group over
there going to Universal and look the
cool group there so when there's a big
group it's always hard to organize
everybody but Zooey has finally taken
the lead role in that and now turn the
weeds of skipping down there
where we go next tour guide have you
done the health and safety check today
there's the cool kids
hello ken right so over there it's like
the biggest harbor have been the world
I'm sure your subscribers are so happy
that you're telling them at an MBA city
is cool Marcus and I have decided to be
rebels and with the early ones you're
out of the crew sure under the crucial
healthy and the YouTube web ad as well
yeah so we like we like you'd Nile and
with a bad boys like we're like real and
Harriet yeah yeah that's your like
no we're in Harry Potter Wow
we are so excited
how good was the Harry Potter I'd manage
she liked me Casper I certainly enjoyed
it Marcus thank you and now we're going
on the dragon thing which is this dragon
pose for something so it is boiling by
the way like literally burning can I
just talk about how excited that right
now so we were about to leave an
intervention to head over to Universal
and then Casper's Starbucks and then I
was like oh my god maybe I cool I'm the
fresh herb haven't had one in like six
months of summits they don't do it in
England in
in the winter so I'm gonna get a massive
food and refreshments I mean he showed
our petition salt petition yes all let's
bring them back in England okay first of
all my hair is ridiculous
I am in a literal heaven right now is
the biggest one possible I'm just like
they're like England needs to do it
serious now some of you know I love
basketball and I came here as a kid
coming back here
NBA City yo yeah that's good that's good
so look here we've literally bumped into
you on the way to Universal Hey
hey guys where's our case there who so
we were just gonna head over there and
Donnell the rides over there now oh yes
going on this huge ride that's the up
there looks kind of scary I've been on
before and it is amazing you choose for
a music I've actually had a really fun
day today
the Soyuz on his way here now to meet us
we're gonna grab some food and city over
Zoe Alfie and all the others went back
off the universal a few hours ago
somewhat short there there but we'll
meet them at the hotel we really found
that he's good he's here and we're gonna
grab some food baby
pressured us having our powers
intellectual
yeah
