morning
hello one of us thought about my head I
guess Wow
today is the day that I get to play the
slide yeah
now if you don't know plays fibers then
I have to pee no place I was in Florida
it happens every March and it's a
YouTube convention thing and we go and
we meet loads of you guys basically and
it's a load of fun and we get to have
all the other cool youtubers and stuff
so yeah I'm about to leave for that
Zoey Alfie and Joe are in a taxi on
their way to pick me up just French pack
in downloading some Vampire Diaries for
my iPad for the plane also done I want
to show you these trousers right so
these trousers got them the other day
because I had some semi baggy like
tracky bottoms to wear as you know like
travel pants and stuff like that and
they broke like they split all up the
side so I need to get something else I
got some yawns but they didn't have them
so they had they just called them baggy
now these are pretty baggy let me just
show you it kind of looks a bit like
I've got a nappy on um
wait I don't know if you can really see
I know you can't really see what about
here what's it like here do a little
thing for you can you see okay great but
yeah playlistlive hairy cop
look her on her way
how are you a pillar of help Louise
basically came in like dying literally
like coughing out her lungs and the
whole like fresh from there just like I
was like hey I don't
that's why we're here really early we've
got like three hours to our flight so
our flight actually leaves in two hours
and 45 minutes and we were who do you
think we're way we post move play him
Louise is just quite clearly pointed out
that she said she looks like a turtle
but I actually think I look quite long
as well like we've got similar bags
let's see your back she's got a compact
camera bag and then I've just got a huge
one what do you think of my new pants
well I am I think they're just swell can
you film it because I tried home but I
do it dancer
what's really good is how all the people
could see do lots of room in about what
do you need the room in there for though
come from the pain
that sounds of really bad never mind I'm
gonna turn this blood off and look he's
finally turned up hey Dad
good thanks I had a phone call with you
while I was on the train
you won't realize about this okay this
make sense
I found you up and I said hey Marcus I'm
gonna be late and then I'm gonna put a
recording of you saying hello and we
were like do you not even care and
you'll be like hello cats I'm so
confused well storage understand the
joke it's gonna happen so I kind of I
get what you're saying I born you up
there to my voice my voice yeah yes they
should be there but me Cass burns Oh II
have come out to get some stuff we need
to get like face creams and all those
fantasies of no me and Cass vaccines get
some dollars because we have plenty of
that so guys what films do you think
gonna be on the plane
what are you what you're hoping for I'm
hoping for this is a this is a angle I'm
like if they've got frozen I need to I
hope they have never been non-stop it's
like as aeroplanes horror and it always
is the best to watch airplane Horrors on
the air non-stop what the wrong with
them zone no you are so racist what
she's now it's a white guy so I fly I'm
thinking a flight yeah guy who's like I
you in taken oh yeah yeah so I'm a
divergent
because champagne you know I am still
technically in the UK so this is
technically stay is illegal
do you have a champagne orange juice I
didn't get champagne even while you
could have all given me the champagne
and I could have been drunk before we
even to go Kaspar oh I'm safe but no
thanks I'll see you there soon I'm
coming from you in a while when you're
sleeping so Louise is with the
generation she just looked at this an
iPad that just goes Markus what is that
machine
I mean I've got a keypad I'll give you
that but for God's sake
case
wait no let you see my hair
if you've ever wanted to know an airport
Electrike to an airport where there's a
woman outside or driver let's get a
better life doing likes ya so apologies
maybe not vlogging for a while we are we
came to the hotel and had a while to
check-in us off that and probably look
like now because I'm tired and it's
like 3:00 in the morning England and I'm
hungry and just there but this is the
room is huge
I forgot how big their but the same as
us yes look it's like big it's like a
little living room and you've got here
your bathroom and there your low yeah
lovely and you got that true double beds
yeah yeah but yeah I'm gonna head out
and grab some food with the other guys
cuz we are starvin so we've come to
dinner
we were getting rates at Bahama
something but this place is locked and
it's cool
yes we are all here
yeah and I'm now back in the room Mir
was actually pretty decent we were there
was a lack of conversation because we
were all so tired
but yeah I'm now gonna go to bed because
I'm shattered but yeah it's been a good
day and tomorrow should be even better
bye
