moreira hello um pretty early it's like
half six on a Saturday morning which is
always good to be able that early to
open the window put your head out and
get some fresh air that's what I didn't
do this morning but the reason I am
undecided because myself and Joe are
presenting the NCS yes live gig today so
we've gotta head over to the venue now
Brixton and do loads rehearsals and make
sure everything's proper I run out of a
bar so we'd have my sub base here
because I think this is also going on TV
which is kind of nerve-racking but I'm
has my view by the way the building site
which is good and we've got some
buildings and that probably some people
doing things in that hotel there but
yeah anyway so I'm gonna go and wake jar
wanna wake mom she's obviously awake on
going off on Joe store and then let's
get this thing rolling eyes already and
it still do buzzing yeah he's good with
my head right oh thanks that's re such
powerful public George now I didn't work
oh and yes yeah that's us today let's go
this case you know Joseph it but we are
now looking down this road to the
entrance and Lucy's waving at me down
there so this is the green room where
myself and Joe are gonna be filming it's
not great it's not green snot green snot
sorry can we've got our lines here that
we've been rehearsing now let's get some
meat hot dogs and needs loads of makeup
this is
and give me 12 ink smeared Joe we're
just filming the behind the scenes we're
not actually feeling behind the scenes
are we were filming some links right now
in professional stuff very serious wait
hold on a slant I some sort of cool oh
yeah you know look oh yeah no now I've
got my own microphone oh I like to make
it feel like they're here with me well
not just on a tripod good st. Joe and I
mean no I what was like Bernie Kerik no
dude Institute I cool Joe dude I was
like back to you dude
where's my gun baby one more time my
loneliness is killing me and I I must
confess I still believe still burning oh
I'm not with you I lose my mind give me
a sasch to Darius version so we are
preparing to go out we're rehearsing
still and we are going to play the
electric shop will challenge hey go fix
it we've got a we got no we don't know
what playing Yankee chewy bunny it could
be electric shock or chalegi ya eeka
buta can be either way we've got a
Britney star Mike so we're happy I don't
like lick it we're about talking say
I've seen the phone she caused it but
fire it's like
that's not man I'm more like earthquake
that's not even a song but there we go
but yeah we are going on in a bit ready
that's where we mow it
so this is our little like space and I
showed it to earlier but it looks a bit
cooler now this is our sofa and we got
sign and the TV and fancy microphones
and there's Joe we've got a little
audience here amazing thanks coming and
then we've got loads of Google cameraman
and all that kind of stuff you probably
think we're really weird but there you
go much deeper who's most likely to say
yes to an asian so we just got present
from someone in the audience wrapped up
in ribbon wait I want it using it go no
actually I think it's with Margaret
Margaret's like some clothes tomorrow
you say please fill us but bug and suck
but burn so huge journey with a smile
these shorts are for Margaret oh there
are two pairs of socks 14 mile Graham
one for Josephine bringing out your
feminine side no you're right Margaret
could come up with Josephine back a bit
then like us getting up under a bit of a
man on but what on the real though this
has been like amazing hasn't heard such
good experience coming out see you guys
again thank you to Ron became
contentious premium an honor and we just
had such a good time if you guys want to
go check out their new website is NCS
yes dr. UK isn't enjoy ya know that well
if you drop out and see dropping out
