yo yo yo sup second channel haven't made
a video in like a month but anyway I
have some really exciting news for you
this weekend basically Saturday me and
Joe sugg are presenting the NCS yes live
gig and there's going to be some amazing
amazing artists in the liner go campers
neon jungle Nina Nesbitt and Swiss lips
plus color the Atlas chasing graves
Kimberly and Olivia Sebastin le amazing
right so NCS being the lovely people
that they are have given some free
tickets to give out to you wonderful
people watching this a little bit of the
serious stuff you have to be between the
age of 16 and 18 n you also have to be
able to get down to brick stone which is
south of London foot two o'clock on
Saturday the gig goes on to a half five
then you can go home do it everyone
because it's Saturday but as long as
you're there between two and half five
then you can have an amazing time we
have to do to grab yourself some tears
is email the link that's in the top line
of the description right there and make
sure you subject it marks and Joe all
the tickets are on first come first
serve basis so when they're gone they're
gone like I said it's a free gig there's
loads of cool people there myself and
Joe also going to have a stage slot
doing some cool challenges on stage and
we're also going to be interviewing
people so if you're around on saturday
anyone's coming on free gig can't go
much wrong with that then link is just
down there so make sure you email go go
go go well anyway how you doing Sawyer
you're right yeah also I know you're
doing to think that so I'm here at the
lovely soil it's a beautiful people
hurry audio I'm good how are you doing
right I'm in London it's not cold what's
that one of your own soya is here like
in in my own place like it was it was
awesome look at this I've seen this in
video he's innocent video said I was
real boss green spring should we give
them a little sneak peek what we do yeah
surely you guys are gonna be in the same
special ok yeah so I can give a little
demonstration here I don't really think
that's appropriate okay PDA is not to be
dealt with outside and personal doesn't
it he's trying to be mad okay he's
trying to be a mad but yeah we're about
to film some videos and yeah we're gonna
have fun with that like I said I haven't
filmed a video in ages on this channel
so apologies for that but uh ice to meet
you together yes never guys
but yeah there's going to be a lot more
videos uploaded on this channel in the
future but for now make sure you guys
come and check out that gig like so it's
going to really also myself and Joe
going to be there playing some
challenges on stage and it's a free gig
so you can't go wrong anyway I love you
guys and I will see you next time
