good morning hello everybody how are you
doing on this fine gauge day I say fine
but it's been raining most of time so
it's probably not fine um anyway today's
pretty fun day I am about to leave to
head up to London because I I'm gonna
film a video of Joey Essex who something
you should probably know he was in I'm
Sarah T is known for TOWIE the only way
is Essex um see I'm gonna go and film a
like challenge a Pizza Express Doble
challenge video thingamabob thingy
thingy with him so I should be fun so
I'm gonna go now cuz I'm running a
little bit late for my train
so look how sunny it was earlier guys
when I was filming on my way to the
station
and now I'm in London and the chemistry
is
but I'm in the car now with Lucy who is
going to be helping me like film and
stuff like that when I'm there like
doing the challenge and stuff and we are
off to the venue where Joey is being
painted maybe not really sure what stage
it's gonna be at but I'll find out soon
and be able to show you that so much so
we're in the studio just have so much
peach I just filmed over there and Joey
said over there gold but it's lunch I'll
show you in a bit but we're figuring out
whether or not I should get on the
painting goal just to join them with the
fun we're doing a test over here just to
see how easy it come off which you can
see this is the makeup artist who's
doing the meetings we're going to see if
it's worth me not painting my face gold
or something just for the lawls really
so Joe is now being repainted because
Easter I have a touch-up as it comes off
nice face how you doing yeah I'm good
and it's pretty sticky you look so good
oh yes very like a it wouldn't start
master I mean I'd love to be gone for a
whole day groomed just real go it looked
quite real they like there's something
you can that's touching you on
making gold I think I think yeah I think
I'm going to join you by the way and
paint my face gold you think I should do
that happy nothing to do nothing you
should do it as just the factors just go
right your then and retrace their so I
think I'm gonna paint my face gold as
all guys I'm about to get gold what you
having fun to go one face and my right
hand is just
Hey
you
it feels like you have any like wearing
an eye mask on a plane now I squish your
eyes I always been but like I know it's
kind of good fun here's my cleaned out
well goodbye
get the camara guitar pc so now it's
like a challenge up here Joey
hi guys and we are basically going to be
doing a challenge to see who can throw
the dough up in the air cut in an hour
walks him down while sitting down
painted there you go off go who can do
most in a minute we're not even we're
putting up an annex a non-answer either
gold painting so yeah but I mean I'd
love to be the girl painting beef but he
got me pretty yeah yes
here are my baby I'm dying - you know
how much time we got
I skip hard man smashes your mullet Oh
God
but I have got a shot to watch hurry up
oh come on just not on that oh I got one
you definitely balance before man these
diamonds before yeah there we go I got
coming - yeah I will fight for you or
five I got your one there so that means
think that means I won and if you want
how'd you feel about her at this point
that you need to go and practice I mean
if this I mean if we if this if this was
for
you would have done it oh so whilst all
of this has gone on I haven't really
explained whilst what like while I'm
even here why are we here what what is
there
well why are we here we're actually here
today - why me of a perma shot of the
two golden bubbles which will provoke
Bulls 45th anniversary for pictures
iboga was there pretty much being alive
right yeah they're like yeah they're
amazing this week but basically there's
two Golden Globes which are going to be
given out which over 5,000 pound each or
two lucky people are going to find these
golden bowls you just beat up Wow just
find them like in the shovels on them if
I wanted one would be in a packet in a
supermarket and one will be just like
someone ordering the restaurant and
right I know just kind of go that was
pretty happy about that nice so that's
why we've been here today and I just
thought I'd join in the fun and show you
Joey
ah gold gold as he's not as gold but
he's still I'm still right you still is
still rinse oh there you go
so I've just got back home and I look
I'm having a little cuddle with Marilyn
or you like the camera don't you just
having a little cuddle on me he's still
the cats are still getting used to sort
of living in this house you know there's
still a bit jumpy aren't you but um
they're getting a lot better so they
like being coddled now I don't know
where my tears I think we've stuck with
misty as well by the way
but he's too cool
Marilyn Manning hmm hey yo man I don't
want to be filmed
oh oh oh yeah anyway I'm going to end
the vlog now because I'm going out for a
birthday meal of my friend in a minute
but yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this
video if you did give it a big thumbs up
and I will see you on this channel
sometime very soon goodbye
