hello beautiful sexy people welcome to
an exciting video today what what I
thought would be something fun I've seen
a few people do it before I haven't
really watched halogen employers no it's
kind of a popular video which is taking
part in schools hair school exams just
school papers because obviously a lot of
youtubers aren't at school anymore
and we went to school we did the exams a
lot of you people do have done going to
do and it's often fun to reflect on and
look at how shocking we are compared to
when we first hit those exams now today
I thought we have a little go at some
maths test we've got some GCSE questions
we've got some eight eighth grade maths
questions of I'm not sure what year
eighth graders I think it's about 14
we're just going to see how basic I am
at math probably
I got IB in maths GCSE also didn't
really revise when I'm at school so if
you're taking exams make sure your visor
you don't want to fail right so the
first test we're going to jump into let
me just read you the sort of opening
line so it's a multiply and divide with
exponents an exponent in this online
math test multiplying numbers and divide
numbers in mathematical expressions
involving exponents the student must
know a difference between how to work
with exponents in the division situation
versus in a multiplication activity all
of those I know the answers to so let's
jump in disclaimer
don't hate me I'm not stupid if I can't
get good marks in this math test I just
have not clearly carried on mass from 16
learning really important things like
this into my everyday life
find the product seven squared does not
as I mean 7 squared 7 2 plus 7 for
openness great cell x over 2 a plus sign
and a full stop or a point seven two
point seven four find the product seven
six just
my basic understanding I just added the
two in the fall
drag and drop each number in the correct
box T 4 and T 5 equals T 9 surely V 3
and V 5 a a side this better be right
hey this is easy so far and if suddenly
just got a harder find the product do
you remember seeing something like that
didn't that mean that you like is
divided is when it's in brackets or I
think it did so 2 V 3 bracket this
bracket 2 V 3 bracket 3 B 4 so is that v
b7
I think it's 5 b7 incorrect they tell
you the know they don't know so don't
tell you right answer so not learning
when you take this test just wrong
find the quotient the bed that's
divided by the right like 7 over 7 which
is 1 but I've got my logic yeah things
wrong so they hate me everyone expired
these ones I can do this is fine well I
whilst I'm taking this head I'm trying
to go back to my maxi to mr. bones and
remember he was saying he was an
absolute legend you know what one time I
broke my arm at school my elbow so good
as my rising hands I can take two exam
papers these weren't proper exam these
were like you're in high school we had
to do them at the end of every year and
at Christmas in every year kind of like
to see what second you go into the next
year's that this teacher did my exam
formula I sat next him and he wrote the
answers and I told him what to write
he helped me a lot in that exam I got
97% in that last exam very happy of that
good jar find the product so nine and
six over maybe that means multiply then
or does it mean no doesn't break it mean
-
okay my logic here I'm even multiplying
everything so it's because 9 4 is 36 and
6 5 30
but yeah I'm going to go that mean the
last one wasn't right so take 630
incorrect cool ours probably 36 11
actually was an inch right let's try
this one again okay it's definitely not
the divided thing because the one was
wrong last time so maybe it's just 10 6
maybe you just - she ate in the 8th with
the two ego learning something aren't we
in one screen just come with find the
product minus 2k off or so so far in the
brackets we've got everything wrong I
need to figure the brackets thing out I
think it is multiplied but then the
numbers of plus not multiplied so let's
go to 7 on the number and the a on that
7 is minus 16 2 minus 2 times 8 would be
minus 16 and the letters stay the same
and that's good I think I think that's
right
a we're learning we're learning everyone
I'm actually really proud of myself so
this is he why is that look like a funny
page this is just going to be p5 I am
good at math drag-and-drop each number
in the correct box at minus a so you got
that's minus 24 boom name needs a fresh
let's look at the first number 2 that 11
boom these masks is all about technique
like once you know how to do something
like solve that one equation with a
certain technique you just put the
numbers into it as simple isn't it
anyone can do that
the hard part is remembering with a
technique a rule don't all the cheese
you said before the bracket is so you
got but I know the bottom one is and
it's that so how would you figure out so
you got there 5
you just combined them
cool your final score
70% Congrats you passed
70% 70% yeah on the other laser I saw
that is that an A you go I think that
little thing that's fourteen-year-old
math so right so next we're going to
jump onto a little bit higher
mathematics
this is GCSE in the UK most you know you
take Jesus's when you're 16 people from
not around the UK yeah you take them
when you're 16 and it's like finishing
school
moving into sixth form college for next
two years where you do to a levels so in
this we got five questions they're
covering a range of Statistics
probability and basic arithmetic here we
go let's find a holy yet ah
these ones I hate where it's like Andy
thinks of a number he multiplies it by
four he then subtract six his answer is
7.2 what number did he think of he
multiplies it by four subtract 6 on 7.2
so to do that this is my logical brain
hanging quickly memories all that if his
answer is 7.2 when you just plus the six
so you've got 7.8 and then divide that
by four right mm-hmm
those yes any of any of the answers
there those at 3.30 not point six Wow
again I read the whole thing wrong let
me rethink that with my original
strategy I thought it was point 66 mmm
so I would do seven point two plus 6
which is 13 point two divided by four
that's three point three is now a there
we go thank you very much and I didn't
show my workings by describe my looking
10 cards of the following letters
written on them am I too am a DHS what's
the chance of choosing q pen cause of
the following letters written 1 2 3 4 5
6 7 8
well there's ten cards and every card
has the letter on so it's certain well
ten cards of the following written on
them a and so what chance of choosing
cube unless it's unless I've just gone
quickly and it means fun cause got a one
Cod's got em one cords but hey I thought
all of the cards had those letters on
them always hate your time and read the
question properly Emma organizing the
disco
she sells 150 tickets at two pounds each
DJ charges are 105 Savage she pays 50
pounds of high the whole Anna wants to
make hundred pound pound profit so she
dirt course she doesn't
we got 300 quid we'll think of it this
way what her costs so she's 120 plus 50
so that's 170 and a ticket sell for 300
so 300 mine 170 is 130
does she make profit yes she does there
we go see things like that
easy is a Sunday morning no that's not
there everybody my text messages cost 11
P do they how many do you get 415 pounds
is this one moment allow the calculator
or not it's your calculator or it
doesn't on the UM on the metric on the
mirrors website hasn't said whether
you're allowed to calculate or not okay
cool brilliant how did you get this
thing pounds well if I had all the time
in the world I just sit there and add 11
plus 11 plus 11 families you get a pound
so you get to get 55 see five messages
at 65 P come on just me to notice I'm
just going to do a little by next year's
please with 55 P so then you've got five
P leftovers on that just a bit rigid
wasn't pounds so times that by 10 you
have 50 messages it's five-pound 50 if
your messages is high 60 this probably
much quickly just by don't care
100 messages is 11 quid
and I simply Jenai so you're full quid
so six-foot 1650 that is 150 messages
but as one pound fifty too much so we
need to take away least ten to minus ten
messages from that equal hundred fifty
messages and minus one and ten
I'm so lost I really advise on path then
hang on so we've got 15 pounds for to
you ah so we need 40 P so this is so
wrong this is so wrong but you're
fifteen seventy quick fight so take away
four we get hundred thirty six because
three is announced a hundred thirty six
boom boom baby I show my workings at
double points I am NOT the genius
because I know a lot of you probably
sold that in ten seconds but doesn't
matter piece I got it right
pens cost 15 pence each rulers cost 20
pence each a school buys 150 pens and 90
rulers the total cost is reduced by one
pip how right back to my notes VP school
by 150 pound said 150 times 15 P this is
quite hard isn't it let's do 100 times
15 P equals 1,500 P pencil I don't know
how many pounds is o plus half of that
so you've got 750 so you've got two 250
pens don't know what that divided by 60
is guys how many pounds is 2250 p CH so
perfectly need to make math I think it's
not because they're 60 P and a pound
isn't that not 100
oh yeah was it like I'm picking apart I
would you say 225 pounds judging 2010 PC
I want how many P is it
2250 225 pounds of the month is that
that's divided by 10 this is 22 pound 50
maybe is 22050 22 pound 50 got there in
the end haha and thereby 90 rulers so 90
times 29 times 10 900 1800 keys at 18
quit right so you got 20 rapidly plus 18
quid is 32 50 40 50 40 50 that is the
total cost is reduced by 1/5 so the cost
is reduced by 1/5 of active of that
would be 8 pounds right because 8000 45
times so it would be searched you found
40 throw that man a couple of fish can I
just say view results got 4 out of 5 on
that test
so that's 80% online access I'm an A
student and a student I mean you know
time time we've recorded is 24 minutes
so how many questions is that I've done
about 10 questions in 24 minutes I don't
know how many questions you have in a
math paper I think it just said next why
don't you try out biology or chemistry
quiz no that is going to round up
today's math questions like said I took
some GCC questions also some eighth
grade I hope it is been entertaining to
watch me kind of failed it well I
haven't failed because I got 80% but I
took I failed in time I want to say but
let me know if you would like to see me
do this with other subjects and other
things that actually could be a fun
little series to do
I just bought try max fast so yeah hope
you enjoyed it give this video a thumbs
up if you want more and I will see you
tomorrow min on video bye
