- yeah - yeah yeah
your father
what did it feel like I want to touch it
now thank you
this isn't like the jelly food
it's like and it's like and it's like
and there's people that look at my
little collection of polaroid pictures
already it's so cool
so we are heading down to la playa look
peach lemare Lu what's C in spanish la
play another speech know what see what C
in Spanish the sir sir ma it's sir what
Lamar if you guys hey how's that let me
know so we are now down at the beach I
just order some lunch got myself a
chicken salad in my BOB looks lovely
nice throw sorry Joe he's got his
ponytail out yeah where you gonna go in
the sea yeah nice hit 30 good time then
are you excited yes America you are very
sergeant what we're doing we're going
we're gonna like Ronnie to be my fourth
thing and we're gonna write back what's
my lens for some islands okay so we are
now in the Jeep on our way to the desert
you got me and Joe in the back where the
queer a lot for a hike or boys and then
we were healthy I think it was the wet
like snap I'm very scared and then we
were Jim down there who told Jim's done
something lies before he what did you
say Jimmy said it's petrifying great
right it's really cool it's really fun
Austria really up for answer Jim said
that we're all a bit like a roll cage in
here and the only good thing is this BK
me sitting up straight is this both of
headed nicely laid and you have head
will be also monitors good still
complain cheese joy so bow down on the
situation we could still really hurt
this is sand that sand right there
that's Jim right and that's a Joe and
that's an Alfie as son and that is a
flippin desert ladies and gentlemen
we're in the middle of a desert and
that's all right so this is the point
where I die
we are gonna ride some camels we are
gonna write on the camel on the camel
guys you'll never get a funny face go
all four of us have decided to get some
henna right yeah are you feeling about
this boy's good we're just gonna
freestyle so here we go
yeah I am a trendsetter my favorite is
that Joe didn't even want one in the
first place all right so do y'all
understand make an idiot myself
so we have just been in this room for
probably the past three hours getting
really really really weird
revista witty song they fart music we've
come on video I did come ages can
somebody comment down below now can you
point down below if you've seen bin man
bobsleigh yeah any I haven't here we
upload if you know Alfie's gonna really
tell in his channel anyway so yeah like
I said it's been really weird but we've
edited so it's been cool and now we're
just gonna head to bed I'm sure so I
will see you guys tomorrow
yeah yeah yeah how's it going good man
they get really cold in here
we're indoors and it's minus four in
here it's it they've even got cafe down
here guys literally even got a cafe
