hello yes I've just woken up but I
thought I'd turn on my camera because
I'm so excited to speak to you because
one I haven't vlogged in probably about
a month now and I went my volume channel
the other day and clients and all of you
like so apologies that and to because
I've got saying exciting to tell you
which is I'm going to be vlogging every
day in December flog Merce it's so
Christmas then some youtubers do and
I've never done it before but soon as I
have this vlogging channel I thought I'd
do it so yeah I'm gonna be vlogging
every day in December so enjoy if you
find me on Twitter you will know that I
really really really really really want
to PlayStation 4 and they are sold out
everywhere
so my last option has been to hit up
eBay and I found a couple that are for
sale and that are like nearish me like
an hour's drive to pick up so I'm asking
the quicken pick that up like if I but
if I win if I can pick it up so that's
my toss today make it some toast toast
toast mix them toast toast toast does
anyone know these are like August I
don't know if like you get these in
America and stuff like that it's this is
my oven right not mine it's my parents
and to cook toast you have to do on this
then which is an absolute mission
because it takes forever so if anyone
has an altar you'll feel my pain just
like share that with you oh hello you
haven't been here in a while have you
I got my ps4 well I didn't get it
because I don't have it do I clearly but
I got fan mail on eBay which was an hour
away which I said which is in a place
called Wharton on Thames not sure if
anyone knows it is it's like on the
outskirts of London but like south and
west of it so it's kind of just up from
Brighton
to the left of it so I'm gonna head
there now but if the guy gives me the
address he doesn't give me the address
yet so I'm kind of just like man so I've
got the PlayStation is in a big box in
the boots I can't show you but yeah I
picked it up so so now I'm gonna rush
home and set it up so yeah I'm like a
little excited kid on Christmas Day but
as I just drove past a massive lorry
full of Christmas trees delivering them
is behind me
I wish I could sort of show you but he's
going really slow so Boston MA yeah
maybe you're Christmassy they made me
think that why I should maybe do in one
of these videos is getting Christmas
well I'm going straight home I can show
you like decorating the tree and stuff
hahahaha I am very excited
ha ha ha ha ha ha I've got my
PlayStation 4
you probably think that sounded perhaps
didn't you go actually wasn't um I'm so
excited I've got this now now I'm gonna
set this up because here's where my old
ps3 is as some of you may know that I
have a PlayStation 3 so I'm gonna set
this up and then play because that's
what I wanna do whoo so I pull very hot
right now
um that's not too keen on my playstation
and went for a run for about 45 minutes
or something which is pretty nuts
haven't been on the run for a while tell
me what you think this idea by later
because it's obviously Christmas coming
up I thought of doing something and I
don't know if it's been done before by
any youtuber but each day I could write
a Christmas card and send it out to one
of my viewers not entirely sure how that
would work yet either you'd you could
put I know how we can do this right
first of all let me know in this video
if you think it's a good idea and then
I'll start it tomorrow
and what I'll do is just pick random
people's names so comment comment
anything below just comment anything
comment as much as you want and I'll
just go through memory and select one
person and message them on their YouTube
and then ask their address and then I'll
send out Christmas cards if that's a
good idea and if you guys would like
that so let me know we are getting a
take away yeah I say we meet Simon and
mum
apologies for just I don't do I need to
apologize to you for looking how I look
like my hair is literally just I don't
even know this is a thing with daily
vlogging I just open you up to all of my
bad nurse that's even on a thin
yum-yum-yum-yum-yum I went for pad thai
we got Thai food by the way pad thai my
favourite what did you go for Simon you
don't know it Simon went for something
oh we got did something with and I'm now
changed into much more appropriate now
at every now I'm going this so I am
going out tonight with my friend Dave
because one I haven't been out in I
haven't been out now and probably maybe
knew two months now so we're gonna go
out in a bit planting a bit because well
in a bit yeah in a bit he's coming
around here soon we're just gonna chill
for betting that had ass so look all I'm
here with I'm here Dave I said I was
gonna be the earlier highlight how you
doing I'm good how are you I'm very good
thanks you haven't been on this China
ages have it no I think your fans missed
me to be honest I don't know about that
but anyway yeah I saw I got a nice price
so I won't pick Dave up out the door
what would this person thanks who you've
also seen in my box before so he took a
surprise what made you decide to come
down was it just to see me
I'll miss you I miss your voice and this
your face and the thing the computer's
not listening so me Max and a Van Damme
taxi on the way into a bright or necked
what does pike well can you remember
from mr. bass play five nine two six
five four yeah
