morning so I'm running very late I am
heading off to London because it's on my
friend's birthday so we're going up to
London and I'm ready don't really know
I'm showing you that but yeah I'm
running late I'm gonna be at his house
five minutes ago so I am gonna rush up
there now and yeah have you got your
whole life this guy's a high roller so
we are in some little shed thing is look
at the weather waiting to get on the
train to go to a land reason we're going
to put London it's because it's David's
birthday isn't it Dave it's getting old
how are you gonna be 23 you are granddad
to me so we're in London and it's a
gorgeous day look at the weather
oh joy my umbrella that I had to
purchase last minute nice spotted
umbrella which is lovely suits me well
so we are heading off to drop some stuff
at Max's workplace because Dave's got
all that stuff he's just going to leave
there whilst we wander around the
streets of London
so yeah but the plants like fall doesn't
even know if you can hear me but yeah
for kids we've been getting extremely
well Dave we've had a pretty on
successful shopping trip but we've
announced on the Selfridges because we
are obsessive about they say
so we are now on our way out into London
Shoreditch I've never been out much
shorter Dave for Dave's birthday Dave
yeah thank you guys so we're now walking
through to the forestry station hello
Samuel good evening everybody
how you doin Samuel and we are now
heading towards our destination which I
don't know where it is but there and
everyone's probably looking at me right
now blogging because no one ever blobs
in public so yeah see we
good morning good morning good morning I
look really really really funny like
this don't I
this is what I'd look like bald guys
kind of what do you think about that I'm
not sure of liking that anyway the
reason I have got I don't even really
explain why I have this on but I am I am
going to go to the park and rec out
because I have not been working out very
much recently and I need to get back
into it and I keep on saying this but it
is not very good because I don't know
I'm doing um yeah I'm gonna go and work
out because just because really so yeah
I'm gonna gonna do that and also
apologies I don't I haven't actually
viewed the footage from wherever I lost
blogged asking you whether you'd like
daily vlogs or when I actually do
something so I don't even know if you'll
see this so I guess I'll find out very
soon about that so yeah back from my
workout that was a really good workout I
managed to run two lap drummer park
which is like 4k I'm running ages so
that's pretty good don't want speaking
about this need to get in shower but I
haven't done that yet is anyone like do
any of you guys that watch this are you
like a health special no specialist but
like is anyone into working out because
if you are it'd be great to get some
like nutrition advice and stuff now but
on a serious note basically does anyone
know how that the optimum times where
you have energy are so basically what to
ask is is it better to workout in the
morning like an hour of eating some
breakfast or the afternoon or the
evening or lat
so if you know
that then lemonade so basically guys a
little story if you follow me on Twitter
you would have seen between this but
last night I got into bed right and I
I'm watching Dexter so like open my
laptop and stick the charger in and
start charging my laptop and it's
working fine nothing's wrong all of a
sudden my laptop start stops charging
like the light goes off on the charger
cells like ah that's weird isn't it all
right
unplug it plug it back in I'm doing it
play about him nothing happened so it's
not right it must have like come out of
the socket or something so look over
because a socket down here by the way
and I was like no that's him cool all
right so maybe it's time through the
wire
so basically okay I'm standing well I'm
not staying I'm lying in my bed I'm like
wiggling the wire all of a sudden I'm in
the pitch black box it's like 12 o'clock
at night nowhere of a lie electricity
sparks starts flying out the wire like
spraying up light everywhere like in my
face and I was like I'm going to talk I
literally shat myself here I was lying
in bed my charger just went I like threw
it on the floor and I was like what the
actual just happened okay turns out
so I looked at it in the plug no not in
the plug so look at this right so just
there there's a little split there and
also all up there I didn't know that
happened okay so I was sat there
freaking out thinking I was gonna die I
mean probably overreacting a little bit
I mean probably on him died from that
but I was like hello health and safety
like Apple sort this out has anyone else
experienced that so yeah on that note of
that story I just told you I'm now
heading out to go and see if I can get
replacement for my charger because it's
not very old so yeah don't know if you
can see this guys but there is actually
a shop called
coming up over there common oh yeah like
I said I don't know if you could see
that when I drove past I was trying to
film it and then the lights went out and
I was like oh and it's hard especially
as I'm vlogging off my iPhone right now
it's hard because obviously if I'm like
oh then we get stopped by the police so
yeah I probably shouldn't have said that
I was working on my iPhone I'm not
driving right now anyway I'm parked in
my car on the side of the road so yeah
the last clip wasn't that Jeff my iPhone
it was off my camera
