good morning Wow look at that beard
though I'm rock camp Kenny there's the
beard guys oh I haven't shaved since
coming back from America has been like
with their just think nobody ain't
nobody can you notice a difference
between this and my camera basically if
you didn't realize I'm blocking off my
version for my iphone the reason I did
it a couple times America's my camera
ran out battery and I quite like voting
off my iphone but the main thing is can
you notice the difference guys what do
you prefer I am about to to park on work
out cuz I'm done that in like weeks a
little tub tub now um because it just
been eating chocolate which is the story
of my life and then I'm going to shave
because need to stop looking like
homeless person and that's the structure
of my day so far so I hope your day has
been a lot more beneficial it's gone
lovely nice and smooth like a little
baby workout kind of failed because I
haven't worked out in ages and I kind of
was eating a lot of in America
because you know that's just how I roll
no it's not her Rob so yeah I'm trying
to get back on my health kick and I'm
gonna go and grab some lunch with day
date I don't know one point because he's
not even in my house and i'm gonna go
grab so much of Dave um yeah Hey look it
up Joey
I Pfeiffer tumko it to me no runner over
what I'm guessing most of you watch my
main channel because this is my second
channel so i'm guessing mostly watch my
channel but just for general purposes
and just interested what are your
favorite videos that i do on my main
channel i don't really know how to
categorize my videos so i guess i've got
ramps i have boys and girls stuff i've
got a bit sketch stuff and then like my
personal stories and a bit more getting
to know me sort of thing so i just be
really interested to know what you guys
like the most out of those so let me
know and if I haven't got a category out
of those then tell me so yeah let me
know oh ha why am I so bored um I am
heading out to dinner in a minute um
going with no me and her family to try
out some new restaurant thing mabob
Wheatley wiggly Piggly I wanted to also
ask your questions this is going to be a
rock full of flipping questions isn't it
I wanted to ask you guys your thoughts
on uploading every single day so if you
follow this channel religiously which
I'm sure nobody ever even really does
and you will realize that over the past
couple of weeks I haven't posted every
single day mostly it's been every other
day or every three days or something
like that so I just wanted to get your
opinion on whether you think it's better
for me to post every single day even if
i'm not really doing anything on that
day or leave it so maybe i'm posting a
blog every other day or every three days
or something like that just so that i
leave it that when I'm doing something
adventurous or fun that I can actually
share with you so yeah I would love to
hear your thoughts on that so
let me know so because I'm such a
fashion expert when it comes to it naomi
has asked me to find her something to
wear why not because I'm better ah
you're not say on break one name has
been sitting here for about 10 minutes
at pirate anyway I say you wear these
why this okay yeah spit dressy for
thursday night okay where this one
that's even more of this one the peach
on okay okay cool got that and then
let's wear it with this freezing cold
it's a thursday night this is my casual
30 sorry most of us don't have ten
different modules yeah but then tiny on
these ones hey then fine I don't like
any of my jeans where are those new ones
that you got there where these ones ok
so now no me wants me to pick her shoes
now let me just show you how ridiculous
her shoe collection it where's he like
okay so this is I'll have seventh
wardrobe of a house there you go Oh
night hang on there you oh no hang on
there you go all night hang on there you
go oh hang on oh oh oh what a blast okay
thank God so no me has about a thousand
pairs of shoes and i'm gonna choose one
these yeah okay there you go for these
no they don't go today
so dinner is cool and we went like this
really nice japanese restaurant thin in
a town called horsham which is like near
Brighton anyway i will see you maybe
tomorrow maybe the day after maybe that
after that depends on and what you guys
think of what i mentioned in the bog
earlier so let me know and become a
spear i will see you soon bye oh PS guys
I'm now on vine I don't know how I've
just discovered it but I decided to
check it out and I'm kind of obsessed
with it so yeah I'm now on vine I'm
going to try and post videos like every
day our stuff or every other day or
whatever just funny little snippets
whatever so not really sure how it works
yet about my username I think my
usernames marcus butler or marks butler
TV same as my twitter so if you can post
something so i'll put it down there if
not then yeah try and find me and if you
do you win by magic points mmm
