yeah the drivers like probably scare the
SH out of him I haven't spoke I let you
haven't spoke this whole college an hour
but look kind of not really yeah
we have come from Philadelphia it was
about a two hour drive and now I'm stuck
in traffic which is typical in New York
I got this knob jockey in the back boy
look how grimy this is honestly it is
just like butt haha and I got this this
thing that's really good so yeah we are
in New York checking those out and then
so we are getting ready in the room
there was a bit of a situation because
we arrived too early to the room so I'm
really so I'm getting ready laughing
zowie
and we're leaving soon and this is of
you from the hotel room so we're now so
we have eaten food we've grown on the
and we are going to meet the VIP meet
and greet people in a minute yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
the reason I log in this is on Ross for
water and apparent issue on catch I
thought it'd be funny to film her trying
to catch it and that was
yeah it is time for office stage New
York is the biggest crowd that's been
the other Lighting's great isn't it you
guys can see me really well so yeah
we're heading
right this is our last ever thing on
stage on the tippy top there we are
backstage we're about to go out what we
just did was unbelievable like you guys
killed it seriously so yeah and we're
just gonna go and have a kind of party
you guys so let's make this good
guys New York you were amazing
like seriously unbelievable that was
speechless
seriously it was such fun you guys were
awesome crazy we had so much fun and
thank you so much for coming but yeah we
have now changed and we are heading off
to a little of the party kind of thing
above little few drinks and stuff that I
probably haven't introduced you to class
senior class Thurmond is like a family
friends meets there's a long connection
Messrs Carson Zoey Alfie and Big D's in
the front end nice man and we are in the
taxi right now and the reason it's so
bright is because we are at Times Square
which you can't really see it but we're
almost there
New York is one of my favorite places in
the world to visit and I'm just gonna
keep filming until we drive it's pretty
and there's so many people out there
hello I love you okay so we are now in
the star war party and I'm here with
Colin who is a big-time magician do a
little magic hey honestly he's done this
off me already
here's also a key card signed a card for
us perfect we're gonna keep it forever
okay watch I think it should be dry
enough yeah so joy yeah see you later it
doesn't come off or anything right here
we go what I want you do is here you'll
run your mouth for us bite down on the
card like that here we go and then I'll
use my own part all right let's see here
you can't hear guy see the sharpie
we do my own signature here on the king
and then on the king all right this will
be mine you get your card I got mine all
right just keep right there keep right
there
all right here we go watch take the king
fold up a king
all right ready
use your hardware to check it out my on
my game
