morning it's ridiculous o'clock in the
airport and it's ridiculous it's
ridiculous o'clock right now and we're
in the airport I say we're currently on
my own and this is really weird I'm
walking to the gate
look how empty is like no one is here
I'm in some like zombie apocalypse then
compare that yeah we are in Toronto
Airport they're really really strict on
security and stuff it's really not cool
so we're here and we're flying to
Philadelphia the rest of the gang we've
just got to got my cool and pressure and
yeah village yeah Philly yeah Philly
Philly Philly Philly Philly yeah
Philly yeah I like Philadelphia cheese
just his perfect national I didn't so
we're now in the airport we've got our
luggage I went Philadelphia so that's
cool we are now ready me and Casper were
kind of busy we are we were eating our
lunch and we were sitting down watching
a movie through documentary on
Philadelphia and then found out we had
20 minutes to our call was coming so I
was like Casper we got 20 minutes so he
had to like speed get ready which was
kind of intense but now we're here we
are just waiting for Southie because
South we take the longest anything
so in our feet okay and never on time so
basically all you have to do Alphaeus
and mainly Alphaeus when you want to
arrange something about you have to tell
him maybe a time not off now before
because he'll always any still probably
late for that so we just went to them
then we can head to the venue Marcus and
I picked up your shirt Casper picked out
my shirt I don't know what I think about
this shirt
sorry no it's Casper sure does it look
good but yeah we have arrived at the
venue and it looks really really
freaking cool like in this room there's
a freakin pool table left laying pull
and then in our room it's huge it's like
boom we got a piano and there's some
girly stuff going on over there don't
know what they're talking about but
that's how they like it wasn't man
happen so guys thanks for coming sis
tonight no so we are just sound checking
on the stage this arena is awesome it's
real so I don't even know if you can see
me but we are heading to
which was apparently not bad
hey guys a spark off the stage and
Connersville
so
Wow so that show was pretty nuts as I'm
sure you can probably tell from the
video so firstly a massive thank you to
any of anyone watching this they came to
show it was it was pretty pretty nuts
seriously thanks so much for coming guys
it really is crazy to think that we can
do this kind of stuff for you traveling
around the world and you guys come to
see us as well as loads of people it's
really really awesome but yeah anyway
tomorrow's New York so that should be
sick that's final show for flight back
home to England and I'm rooming with yes
it's inappropriate to film yeah we're
pretty tight it's long it's bet now I
will see you tomorrow
