morning we're in the airport and I'm
going off my iphone because my camera
ran out of battery so I don't really
know if you can hear me or if you'll
even see this video but um yeah we are
in the airport it is plus 6 in the
morning we've checked in and now we are
gonna fly to Toronto and Catholicism
behind
so we got through security and we're now
off they play Starbucks Eve I Casper as
well everyone's getting coffee and I'm
not a coffee like I don't drink coffee
do you guys drink coffee be interested
too though
so I think is that big already
guys run the plan um yeah this pains
like really kind of small
I've never been on a plane this but look
at my headers
come on see then um oh yes it's phase
there we just spin it just to show you
when we when we're looking thro our head
was like head button there and uh and
now as a air hostess in the back is just
a nice desk
it's just edge to it is just at me and
I've got a so Allah Allah Allah
strengthen my faith a
money money money money money guns and
home so I refer you to burn a yoke my
dad lets up right so we are in Toronto
yeah and it feels pretty much like we're
back opening them because weather is
like that only evening ah it's raining
that is cold
so England Toronto Philly um so yeah we
are in the airport in check in then
we're gonna head to the hotel we have
like an hour less than that like half an
hour to get ready and get straight to
the venue for sound check them blood
over Irene need a week to run so look at
this we're in Toronto
this is Toronto I like it it's pretty
Oh
and we right are now going to check in
and we've got about an hour I think well
we have to go so hello so we got really
kind of like super quick and I've got my
umbrella and we are exploring because
we've got literally about how long we
got 45 minutes in to explore and that I
found out there's a there is a hockey
shop so I'm gonna go there now so I can
pick up a hockey jersey because that has
been my aim since I've been in America
to get hockey jersey
so yeah hey guys it's in here guys I
found it Hockey Hall of Fame place so
I'm gonna go in here and try and get a
hockey jersey guys I got one I got a
Jersey and I'm gonna maybe maybe we're
on tape broke for a section I don't know
if I got the maple leaves because I was
like look I'm in Toronto I don't know
anything about ice up here
I just think it's a really cool sport um
and yeah I kind of wanted something to
show that I've been here before so I did
that so I'm back on my normal camera now
and yeah we are now already done Bobby
I've got Cassie ah good
Jim Bob got tani hey no
Lally's dick Manny Markie so we're at
the venue so I haven't vlogged it's been
a lot of do you throw something at me a
squeegee one um me and out for it over
here
Oh Alfie you playing Scrabble okay and
we oh I've got a meet-and-greet but
you're going to now the meet-and-greet
is beginning we have got our slot here
looking lovely and then we got oat well
and heaps down there and look all the
stuff that we've been given by amazing
amazing people seriously guys I don't
know what we're going to do with this
stuff but it's all that and now we're
heading back I'm on the stage soon so
okay so we'll
safe in terms of a class on Canada
already know this
guys that was someone to speak for me
but with me
seriously guys that was I I will
remember to stay for like the rest of my
life seriously that it was what yeah
it's something I won't ever get so thank
you so much it was amazing I know no
mysterious thank you I'm extremely hot I
thought I wrecked Canada pretty well
today my hat my toppings I can film now
we're gonna head back and chill and
stuff like that so I think we knew that
we went okay so we're gonna go straight
to bed you go straight to bed oh wow so
I'm now in bed in my term of showered
Toronto Canada that was mental
seriously it's insane it was mental um
and I really am quite really shocked how
dedicated you guys are feet um but
anyway I've got to be up in like five
hours to catch a plane we're flying to
Philadelphia neck so and do all of this
again in Philadelphia so I'm I'm really
having like the time my life right now
guys um it's it's so much fun doing this
hanging out meeting you guys and just
having fun my friends it's really
awesome and yeah thank you anyway
I've been writing on for too long I love
your success and I'll see you tomorrow
