good morning um I actually slept pretty
well I thought usually when we come to
America like I end up waking up at three
in the morning or four in the morning
I'm Chicago six hours behind but i went
to bed at ten which is like the onlyest
i think i've ever been to bed in like
three years and i woke up at half six so
pretty good pretty asleep probably on
oversleeps i've had in the world which
is for you anyway i am heading out to
get some breakfast with the guys and
then we're going to try and explore
chicago a little bit because you're a
little bit of time before we head off
for some press stuff and then we've got
sound checks and all this before the
first showing she called you out on the
streets of chicago and its really eerie
looking like wait for clothes it like
the clouds in the background and stuff
it's also really quiet but I'm I'm with
Jim Tanya and Lucy
grab some breakfast oh yeah so just
given what toe gym to get a cool down
the crapper impressions first thoughts
on the drink we go yeah shameless I see
but when I come to America they do at
renters which we don't know i love this
one Thank You medium I don't know what
they call that that's been tears so this
makes me so I just ran back to hotel
room quickly oh my god I look so like
wow yeah I ran back to hotel room with
me to grab my camera and me Jim can I
just say I hate ready to go read oh it's
great you don't I've been trying to
pretend I did ray Jim are you getting a
lot of people well because a lot of
people say that I'd like it a lot of
people i think it's a love-hate things
don't get really dry things I am I
saying with her
Oh Jim that's upsetting Spago's cool i
really like that guys guys you ready
boom dar beam I found the beam look at
it it's amazing how shiny it is it's so
freaking cool we are just having far too
much fun with this beam we've done
slo-mo videos different poses group
photo single photos just look at it Oh
Jim's going for a run oh no yeah I'm
gonna scream up towards you guys here we
go they just is so like you guys
probably think I'm really weird like
filming in the bathroom here um it's
only because the room is so dark as you
can like see um so there's lighting here
and but yeah exploring chicago was so
fun I really really really wish we had
more time spent here because it seems
like an awesome city so we all came back
with showered and we're ready now we've
got grab some lunch then we've got go
straight to the venue for sound checks
and all that kind of shebang so over
here now having a little lunch although
but hoes get with my nose done Lucy and
I've also got my favorite American I do
ah did you guys my don't look so creepy
the hood up will soon tire carrier
Casper she shows down at the radio you
have first customers coming up shoes
Ross um i was in this place you've never
been employed oh so not only is the
biggest I think I've ever seen in my
life I'm Nigel so give you stow lake
michigan which is so big it looks like a
sea el like is crazy it's huge so
Jim's request wants to be me to shoot
him in the back with this it's real
quick i mean wait okay we're good
actually kidding one of these is proof
already massive massive thank you to all
my fans who can't see me seriously I'm
so happy you came out
thanks guys thank you we are preparing
for me and greet with the VIP people and
the people that got to get surly and
stuff so we already and we're going to
head out now so yeah so we're about to
go on for first stage performance
believe the toilets I actually do
familiar way it's not something there
and I cannot wait yeah I'm so excited to
see what this is going to be insane
let's do this
Wow first pond station bus that was not
literally amazing so you guys are the
best seriously you are amazing yeah dude
that did you guys enjoy that yeah
eventually come here and shouting
so we just basically did the three
minute makeup challenge on stage and
we've got four people from the audience
to do mine Casper's now isn't what
hasn't either and i look like a cat guys
basically the girl gave me a me out my
name is kim ok guys the time has come
for our final thing to end tonight show
those guys a man casper are going out
these orbing balls across the crowd and
we're throwing stuff out into the crowd
and there's gonna be some Fetti and
we're just going to be ending on a
really happy note i'm myself
really good about it is that you get
three minutes folks people yeah I got
towed they're like oh just let you know
my office oh you got three minutes until
you run out of oxygen fantastic
oh that was like amazing seriously I
don't even have words to describe how
amazing that was like thank you so so
much for coming up to that show we've
never done something like that before so
it was really truly an amazing
experience and I'm so excited for the
next three days now the only thing I
have to say is we went on some big balls
me and Casper like that floated out and
I wasn't really sure if people like the
mana I couldn't tell we didn't practice
it we've never done that before so I
couldn't tell if we were hurting people
I felt like I might have done and
obviously I didn't mean to do that and
I'm really sorry if anyone did get hurt
but that wasn't the aim so yeah sorry if
if if you did but anyway if you do go
show I hope you enjoyed it if not I hope
you enjoyed watching this video I love
your sister face and I will see you
tomorrow because I'm getting up in five
hours to fight its want oh yeah
