it's like Alfie Sophie Jasper I'm toning
gym yeah so I've just got my stuff here
now in the car away to Heathrow Airport
foods hold of the thought of it even
though I'm morning right now but yeah
I'm here with daddy daddy dearest hello
everyone how are you today
yeah I'm a bit tired but it frustrated
with the track that's that okay this
basically people that on for England we
have a motorway that goes around the
outside London called m25 I don't really
know I'm telling it's because you're
probably not even interested but it is
the most heavily congested Road in the
country probably one of the ones in
Europe as well actually it's just very
busy road and they
traffic today give anyone who works at
the airport so I'll be there we've
checked in successfully gone through
security and I think we're all gonna
grab some food because none of us have
eaten yet
so I'm here the whole little cruise you
can see here we've got Alfred you got
slower you got Jim your time now you're
gonna do see me oh yeah that's my thank
you with Allah and grumpy outfits being
complicated and then we got the other
gang over there all right my foods here
now looking pretty healthy guys there's
Jim
I can finally talk about some off the
plane and not surrounded by so many of
you when I'm surrounded by all the
vloggers which makes it feel a bit more
normal
but we all should all go about anything
we are should conquer battle on Chicago
the Windy City so yeah we're gonna head
back to the hotel and tonight we've just
got chilled one before planning and
preparation tomorrow clear disappoint
guys we're in the Windy City and it's
not actually very windy at all is
actually a gorgeous day and that makes
me sad because I don't have any summer
clothes but here's the little crew damn
man them in the house
I like to start you on this little windy
and then flick trips with your glasses
off typical American
this is the Chicago downtown
sky-eye and sports oh sorry
we've got other intruder it's a very new
modern city compared to its simpler
brother New York and
yeah
oh yeah sorry if I seem a bit in like a
rush guys I'm in my hotel room it is a
mess but I'll show you it's quite cool
with two beds the reasons it's a mess so
I've got it's the Lighting's Robert she
probably can't really see very well but
one bed there I've just shocked all my
staff and my bed they're uploading a
vlog right now which is cool but yeah
basically I just filmed my main Channel
video which I'm really happy about
because it's like it's like a run and I
really like doing my rent and I think it
was like a pretty good random stuff but
yeah I we didn't have a tripod with us
so I had to like ghetto tripod it which
you'll see in the main channel video if
you watch it which will be like tomorrow
when you're watching this I think so
yeah
but yeah it's like one o'clock in
England but I'm not really feeling the
jet lag I'm like I think I'm alright but
yeah we're all going out for dinner for
a quick bite to eat and then we're just
chilling tonight I think nothing crazy
so yeah I feel like I haven't really
spoke to is in like obviously I'm just
sharing my life but I haven't really
asked you guys anything like what do you
want to be when you're older there you
go I wanted to go into business and
financial industry so I wanted to go to
London and become like some kind of
banker and stuff or some kind of
property developer kind of guy so that's
me
but yeah please let me know what you
aspire to be because I'd be interested
to read I've now got my sexy favourites
have African love me right now hey Dan
I'm good thank you for loving me
reunited with my British have you miss
me I miss you Marcus
I think about you having down there and
sometimes I just gotta head out
Wow yes that's enough Casper but yeah
Chicago's really cool really cool vibe
and it's just really nice
we got we just finished our dinner it's
like wow it's like eight o'clock and
most people come back to bed because
they're tired
Castellanos the Apple store so we're
gonna go to the Apple store and have a
little round Chicago yeah
so I'm in bed in my hotel room
yeah I'm pretty tired I mean it's like
4:00 in the morning in England or
something ridiculous like that so that's
cool
had an amazing male show he seems really
cool really and yeah tomorrow's first
day of digital which I'm kind of very
excited and very nervous for at the same
time so yeah you know I'm gonna edit
some videos for a bit and then catch
these eggs so I will see y'all sexy
faces tomorrow
