firstly apologies really for not
vlogging for like three days I just kind
of wanted to chill out a little bit
because vlogging full talk like every
single day and making main channel
videos is kind of a bit intense you
probably all Alfie's called on my power
one second yeah sorry about that it's a
little bit intense vlogging every day
and stuff like that and also it's quite
hard because obviously I want to float
with you guys but sometimes the people
I'm going out with you know when you're
blogging it you I'm filming my life
person so they're filming their like
their life as well technically so
sometimes when I'm out of people they
might not want to be filmed so it can
get quite like I don't want to basically
piss people off and then you but not one
of that came out of me because they'll
just be like oh look who's just blogging
we don't want them so yeah I just
thought it's right in there anyway I'm
going to London stay with Alfred I've
got NIM Bob here who's giving me a lift
and I'm extremely stressed because we're
running very late because we've got I've
got yeah I've got seven minutes to be on
a train when it leaves everything every
single red light like twice four times
whatever so like we're driving like
crazy to get more time Alfa's get me a
ticket now so hopefully I'll make your
time
how may at the train
co-star
one with this bag
he's got his running shoes on a job nice
and cold right so we have now got the
tube made the training time which I told
you earlier and now we are in Covent
Garden we've got to edit some videos so
we had to come we'll wait a moment to do
this yeah gonna wrap some luncheon
editing on didn't know Marx has this
weird thing when nobody can touch his
neck so hold this this is your test
Marcus see ya Shammi do you own
flower pick impress them you know when
you're kidding already just me and
that's like we're just editing and stuff
which is going well you can see well you
don't know show them you look very
intellectual today Jim anymore
yeah how are you two lovely boys - and
we great think we split up really I
smell secret I was gonna say you might
want to go on a bit from that distance
Illyria's we smell of ruin and that is
coming soon - they're chapped hooks okay
but why then
bukka show them a new haircut let's show
you that by let's do we're gonna do a
tour of Marcus's new hair alright stay
still it's down on the side ban oh yeah
look at those nice non dead edges oh
yeah oh yeah let's show them for that
look at it guys oh yeah oh yeah it's got
that balance
so just camera shop in finally buying a
new camera because I've been using the
camera that eats my main channel for the
past three years now and now we've got
Joe who's just walking around like his
boss and your jeans that climb out you
ain't tight
having a gym is in a deep conversation
about types of bag an alpha is hiding
behind a pillar it's time for me to
depart back to Brighton why these guys
go their separate ways but I'm seeing
outfit gym tomorrow nay but I'm not
going to see Joe for a week or so
bye thanks disgusting night and I'll see
you guys never a lie yes is 3e um I'm in
a completely empty car park and just
thought I'd shout and see if it echoed
so back your brights and now I'm very
tired
but me and Naomi don't know why she is
she's in there somewhere
Oh gonna go for a quick bite to eat and
I've gotta finish packing for America
because digital's
we are going to America tomorrow which
is gonna be crazy like six days we're
going to Chicago Toronto Philadelphia
New York if you haven't got any tickets
already which most you probably have
link be down there yeah
I mean let's just have it you know
come on slowpoke
yeah yeah we have got so much food
I hope other words this song yeah but I
love it
so yeah just back home finalizing
packing and stuff got my here and
my shoe here and what you guys think of
my new haircut like Alfie was saying
earlier I won't be saying a little bit
different it's a bit longer through the
front and shorter on the sides which I
don't usually do but yeah trip over my
bag um but yeah honest opinions guys
what are your thing let me know
