hola and most against the sexy Italians
this is everything I will never go Ola
at am also against a sexy it is a bit
Italian why am i speaking Italian this
is Spanish what's a Spanish accent hola
hola me llamo Marcos tango been
diagnosed tree for country for sharifa
what are you going to PO this setting
there people don't know so note by
doping is tree fo how easy Theresa its
revo is a betrothal yeah
let the Spanish viewers decide welcome
to a slight video in Spanish or start
reaching out to new people you know I
speak English on this channel a lot of
people watch this channel who speak
English which is great Spanish is second
most spoken language in the world I
think can we just get a fact check on
that the third the third it's above
English isn't English as before yes a
second sorry you're right I was right
thank you very much I can row that man a
fish Mandarin yes yeah I know I'm clever
so this is yeah so you've heard facts
English is that you know I like I like
speaking it's great but I feel like this
could be a learning exercise for me and
people around the world also if I'm
going to do a video in a language that
you speak and where you come from it
might be funny and staining for you to
watch or embarrassing or it could even
be offensive one of those three
hopefully entertaining today's video is
going to be learning pick-up lines in
Spanish not that I need to learn how to
pick someone up in Spanish because I
have a girlfriend and she's not Spanish
so doesn't matter flat scenario but it's
just going to be interesting we're going
to learn them so over here Matt is
Spanish Spanish Spanish native speaker
oh thank you
how do you say I am Matt Miele all that
oh yeah we've got Matt over here the
Spanish native speaker and he is going
to be testing me he's going to throws a
sentence out in Spanish we have to kind
of get
sit and I'm gonna learn it with me start
with Spanish music
we can have some in the head number one
ear at boy wipe it Oh Esther your son
will got that can you do it a little
slower yeah and alternate yeah eres muy
guapa my guapa is like my goal isn't it
that's like my no no what bar Oh
estoy your Sandor Drogo it's really hard
if I used to do Spanish in school so I'm
like when you say these words my art s
story is like because at the end because
like no yeah give me the first one yeah
so one more time one more time all right
muy guapa Oh
estoy your sandal druggist okay no I did
my con mmm boy is very naive either full
or ever on drugs
okay so we're learning when I did
Spanish the school or like a room from
Spanish is this because I had to learn
it for your flippin speaking test
hola me llamo Marcos tengo been dyin soy
bastante Alto Amoy deputy star has more
guava or estoy pensando drogas I don't I
start to get at them are you very pretty
or am I using drugs you can have a
chance at life what do you that I give
up three out of ten is really bad yeah
just like unique that is it by Royal
truck whatever which drugs crack cocaine
and I okay number two tienen una sonrisa
muy bonita
yeah grab yes did you like that evil
them Spanish tiene una I so annoying I'm
just picturing my Spanish book en ends
it was like tienes tiene Jenna more I'll
Riza muy bonito
there is a reason though little pianist
can tell me tienes you you
Janna's una sonrisa una is that maybe
good as you know it's not known earning
is Kenneth una reader sonrisa is that
one word or is its Psalm 1:1 was some
reason boy lui Bonita hey was my again
so tienes on head boy means very very I
said didn't I say that last time I said
that in the last one think I didn't you
and know so sentence again Jenna's oh
sorry the voice Bonita Bonita beautiful
pretty yeah pretty you are very pretty
man it's but some areas can we can we
get a translator on some areas bonito me
gusta to me and can't act too slow ah
your smile is very pretty you have a
very pretty smile tienes una sonrisa una
ah tienes una Sarita muy bonita you have
a very pretty smile
that's nice so I quite like that
also a bit cringe you know if I go a lot
of girls probably huh yeah but I hang is
cute where you're wet do you feel
socially Sylvester and Grande true so
ash a traitor yeah have you just Google
search one fun to it yeah
No dios mio you're so terrific
esta tan grande something big yes again
slowly so the first few birthdays deals
new your deal CEOs the lady are you so
sure it'll SSR grande there's a lot of
truth sir your trick so is Big O my
shirt says big hey dios mio no idea
he'll smear oh my god oh my god your
trick so is big your sausage is a big
deals meal so Theresa is a tan Grande
sounds like oh my god your sausage is so
big I mean this is obviously at the
stage when they're about to make love or
is taken from my comport them I can
either like a spectator which is why you
can we look nearby but of course when
market our deals meal that goes that
good well then everyone work okay
and you're good if you like that I'm you
kit I do know some Spanish I mean
correct me if I'm wrong please I've
really don't want to send you I love
your language and I love learning at
school I just yet it does coca-cola let
possible you Sierra da silvestra
two queries from our own homework
hombres friend isn't that like home in
hombre right my Spanish teacher is not
going to be impressed if she watches
this dinars top of the Spanish class as
teachers painting Spanish it's always
your homework okay your email method
no I don't know I love Spanish it's good
right yeah because to query against the
first page you you you're doing you is
what Quiros is do you inside get proper
a boom hombre what's hombre mean
now do you need a man close do you want
to try and what two queers prava up on
ombre deals Mira tu quieras profit and
ombred porque su Teresa estar tan Grande
like that that was a question for you if
you use that yeah who do they say no I
like this I mean it's probably really
shit for you viewers obviously if I had
my Spanish book that would've been cool
I filled you know what I feel like I
feel like I would do much better in
German now just because I know they're
German it is a nice one-two punch of our
functions are you love cool Australia
dr. Lachman on humming audio audios hate
to utter some color Australia need was
or choke me a lie ah your eyes
yep some come on John is our is now I
think some is our yeah to our jokes on
call
Estrella beautiful stars yeah till your
eyes are like the Stars
yeah of two to six or horse I feel like
it's a whole suit off horse from
commerce drea I remember in Spanish when
you have two elves together you perhaps
as a why I'm trying to think of all the
Spanish things I learned done there
Stella player do you know what I mean
GJ what are octave of everything's
knowing your English Spanish accent I
love this olive antic
are melanin lots of it right right
that's cool so that a degree for a beer
the grief of a large beer gay one
the gelatine donde esta is where is
stoned esta la playa where is the beach
that was animals in Spanish anyone know
I mean that was a cat in Spanish French
shit and his men shot not yet that was
he it's Dantonio for k0a or lateral
camino esta a creep up sources very hard
keep s re when you said a qui is that a
key because that's here yeah yeah yeah
okay so we got something because let's
go straight down this procedure classic
esta perdido and star or X time is that
esta perdido he'll turn on I mean
O'Donnell Peduto I don't know s those
means day is like she I let you your are
you are you pedido
are you single no lost ah perdido okay
esta perdido okay because yeah it's a
put it up okay el cielo huh l feel L
feel I can help
I don't know a few a means so this guy
the sky is large larval dodge not large
speak never work not large long long I
mean your SD quick on this too hard
this is way out of my league in complex
fish are you love this is heaven a long
way from here alright
a half that was very hard it s at
Perdido porque el cielo at some lago
camino de stocky all right let's do one
can ever slightly easier yeah
sure sure come on say ever - perfecto
como se a mask - perfecto - perfecto
your perspective the end them
yeah como tu is and like what comic yeah
was like what's young so he has comma
comma sailor sir come on color say and
that's what young no yeah well sure yeah
yeah and what's the ending again and
I've lost it wait say the whole sentence
come on say Anna oh no um wants to be
after actual what's your name is perfect
you're perfect
yes yes come on say I'm at - perfecto if
you like unit Spanish but now you can
pick someone of that crash course was
the oh my god he'll be as mere two
cherries so Grande is the band Grande
well there we go that was me learning
Spanish pickup lines naughty words of
whatever I hope it was entertaining I
hope you learned something if you're
Spanish don't cringe I'm just a British
boy tryna learn Spanish maybe I'll try
and do these with other people you know
imagine if I had someone who could speak
Spanish that'll probably be quite fun to
learn and also if we should try other
national nationalities other languages
around the world
espero que hire disfrute tanto como é
subscrib desde the huevos videos todos
los días que vale mañana adios hasta
luego
