hello hello hello hello hello how are
you doing today
Bethany Katie Sophie and Anna I'm that's
a complete fail if another one has that
name watching my video and yeah so I
haven't vlogged a towards day it's
lunchtime now but I have just been like
solidly editing my video for like the
past four hours or something because I
needed to get the majority of it
finished before I go to London soon so
yeah just being out for lunch show you
what I got in a minute on this right now
but yeah today's cool I'm going up to
London to for a couple of things one I'm
seeing Boise Avenue perform tonight
which I'm really poor to me and I'll
fear going and then we enough extent of
hotel because we are filming something
very cheeky tomorrow don't have rad to
tell you about yet so you might just
have to wait and see if I'm about to
film it tomorrow so sorry about that but
yeah that's what is going down into
house what you say baby I think you're
saying you've got up because you think
I'm gonna give you some food don't you I
do market can I just say as well I have
no idea why I never thought of this but
when I mentioned the blog about Bailey
not eating his food the other day
because of his diet and he's only normal
food you guys were like why he was so
clever you're like oh yeah Marcus who
you need to do is mix the diet food with
the normal food and then he'll eat it
and I was like so thanks for sharing
your helpful insights with me got this
absolute bad-boy beast of a sandwich
I've just got it's on granary bread got
fin and chicken bacon and then later
salad in me with some sweet corn I'm now
just off on my way to London to go to a
Boise Avenue
with our fee although I haven't actually
heard of Malfi for a while which is a
little bit worrying but at the same time
that's pretty usual for Alfie so yeah
Dave's giving me a lift aren't you Dave
I'm such a nice person
yeah he's such nice give me a lift to
station and yeah we've time in the hotel
now that was a bit stressful got to the
station and Flo's trying to be cancelled
so I had to wait for about half an hour
on the platform and then I had to get a
longer train that I would have had to
get and then yeah it's all been a bit
stressful but I'm now here at this mag
well you should've went like that for
nine or three quarters while you're
waiting tell-tell store again right this
place you should
Alfie's got time to tell us
I think he's now cowboy yeah on his belt
oh go on hey and I'm gonna go sweep some
chimneys
yeah
how much effort just went into the hope
you appreciate is my room oh you see how
guys I can jump through dirty jump
through until next door's room sure why
but I think I can answer on through the
wall is that guys I think I can help you
feel alright I'll jump back on sure I
like a lighting setup for the video that
usually that's there's your phone so
yeah this is my room obviously as I
don't walk through a door which is kind
of cool and yeah we've got the up in six
hours
that's good I'm actually probably a much
better than that so yeah I will see your
sexy face there's tomorrow
