morning how do you like my hair in the
morning yes yeah and again I start
actually shaved yeah I think this is
probably the longest luckiest be you
like it no he likes my bed long I really
don't like yeah I think I look a bit
trampy right now especially as I don't
get my hair basically I started a blog
yesterday and just didn't really do
anything so I didn't want our boat a
video of me just like we make me a mare
memory mare so I've included the like
two or three clips they did film with
that in this vlog so I hope you enjoy
that had let me and in them over here
are off to the gym to get all like with
fitness on
probably
it's actually really refreshing that was
a pretty unsuccessful gym workout for me
yeah you're right i did a long run and
then started in stock but because i
didn't have any food like breakfast i
was just really weak on energy so i
started feeling really sick like halfway
through and kind of had to just go easy
so yeah now i'm going to go home shower
get ready and then i am going off to
London so yeah yeah a lot of people I
just wanted to ask us a lot of people
have been saying that they're having
trouble with subscription boxes and i
think i have as well like I think my
second my vlogs these aren't showing up
in sit in the last week haven't been
showing up in a lot of people
subscription boxes so um yeah I don't
really know like Ike I kind of asked you
this question I hear the week but in the
last few days have you been seeing my
videos in your subscription boxes or are
you just fine from Twitter or what I
mean like sarin are that question a
while ago but in this specific in the
last like few days have you seen them
not in your sub boxes or Wow so let me
know be I'd like a little bit of ID a
little bit bad bad so I would like a
little bit of advice from you guys now
if you've been watch my folks for a
while you would have remembered that i
mentioned a while ago asking you where
you think I should live beer la London
or Brighton comment below and the main
majority of you was between london and
brighton now i'm really really stuck
right now deciding on where I should
live it's something that I question
every day is something that I look at
every day one minute look now places to
live in London that I'm looking at
Brighton
and I just don't know and everyone I'm
speaking to will either be able to
swayed me one persuade me one way to
London or sway my mind and switch over
back to brighten and it's just I just
don't know what I want right now and
it's really really really frustrating
because I just can't make up my mind
it's annoying because London everywhere
that I look I can't find anything like
basically a problem is London is one of
the most expensive place to live in the
world where its Bryton brighton still
expensive to live but nowhere near
London so what I can get my money in
brighton is about three times the size
of why i can get in london and it's just
for strength thing do I want to be
spending my money on living in in London
which I want to live in London because
of such cool cool blaze all don't want
to spend my money on having a nicer
place but being in Brighton so if any of
you could shed some piece of advice
which may be able to help me then please
do leave a comment below I've sorry i've
gone on about this for ages but is
something honestly it's really really
signs frustrate me on a daily basis so
any any kind of piece of advice I would
absolutely love but really hair should
hopefully be looking slightly bit better
as well as the old beard and I am
heading to London because what some
meetings and then it's also my friend's
birthday so he's doing like a ping-pong
thing and stuff so I had ones that and
then I'm staying like in London because
I'm in London all day tomorrow so yeah
so I'm in London now Moyes ah meetings
and I might be able to show you
something from one of them if I'm
allowed i'm not sure if i'm going to be
able to get but if i can i will so just
saying in my meeting
just finished actually and I thought
those than we have to show you something
but I'm not show something so I feel
really bad but just know that there is
some really really freaking cool things
up and see even coming to so you guys
will be the first tonight hello Tom no
hello David no Marcus are you okay yeah
I'm good we've been spending a lot of
time together East we have yeah not so
much tom toms not as lucky so yeah
finish on it I've now met these two
lovely chaps and we're going to go grab
some drinks maybe some food and then
meet at the CMAs swing down and uber on
our way to chipotle because i didn't
know that have chipotle in England but
dave was like oh that you know is about
learning man and therefore so I that's
made me pretty excited as I just go in
America or not Detroit it was like mine
and Troy's little thing that we went to
so we're not hiding there so I should be
fun shouldn't that yeah a lot of fun
Thomas first time it's your first time
Tom isn't it yeah I started kind of
decent very hard you're gonna be mind
blown you go our chipotle on although
that looks a little bit more like I've
got a bowl of lettuce um honestly are
not just a moment ago
oh ha p birthday to you happy birthday
to you happy birthday ah that's the
second time something people are going
to be like what the hell because they
saw you in the rug like a few days ago
that take that they basically when we
went out the other night it wasn't
actually his birthday it's just it was
the weekend and he wanted to have two
nights because he's a greedy little boy
but it's his actual birthday tonight so
we have come out in London to go out
with him on his birthday just nice
so we have now left bounce bounce as i
was called that bounce ping pong or
something we're now in adult uber on our
way to go meet joey Cottle who is a
friend that I've been friends with it
well friend I've been friends with for a
while now who has soared us out some
kind of cool thing in London so we're
gonna hear me him and I with Max mr.
birthday boy it's not like just to
clarify it's gone to have obvious on my
method yeah you know I guess I anymore I
said oh my baby must the Dave my style
and Tom the alcoholic up from that oh
yeah we all go down Brian district I
think
