good morning internet people ah today I
have been editing my video nearly
finished it um which again you probably
would have watched by now but I'm super
excited few to watch it because it's one
of my like where I've done some kind of
free few crazy stuff so little be there
if you haven't seen it already yeah me
and I me are heading off to a small
village called Lewis today I also do
some blog stuff there I think so I'm
gonna take some photos for her and stuff
like that and we're just gonna have a
nice little day out again my cat looks
rather dead booze bears what oh you
scared me there you just having a sleep
we love sleeping while our look is it's
nice to mom oh no don't get up some
going this is your getting ready before
blog thing yeah every time I'm about to
film you go do it how are you I'm good
we've come to like a town called Lewis
which is also known as so you know so
we're just gonna explore an absent
father here's a river some senses
yesterday
no me just commented that it's got a
very strong current it's reading fast
isn't it so this is luis so cute little
like village then
you're trying to be all art it for our
blog she think she's cool taking bits of
a table you're so hipster yeah the guys
look empty as so we've just stopped a
little bit lunch where bills girls is
like I really feel rushed on mounting
does my suit guys found Wally and its
family there wale wale wale it's only
cute bike little antique shops and Lewis
and stuff like this low on here that we
just went to and just I don't know it's
just a really cute old town thing just
kind of hoped so guys after looking for
Wally photo/matt a whole time I've been
alert I found all of his friends how
many worries are over
the probability like floaty film
I just realized I haven't really logged
for like the past like six hours and
that's because I got home and I was
solidly editing my main channel video
which is uploading right now and now I'm
in a bit of a rush to get ready because
it is Max's who's my best mate who you
have seen before it's his bid it his
video what the hell my it's his birthday
so we're going out I don't mean all it's
been going with me the last like month I
swear it feels like a feen out every
weekend like once every weekend and that
never happens I'm usually out like maybe
once every two months but the past month
has felt every weekend so I'm a proper
party animal sorry about that i like to
when i'm in my room on land drop out in
some gangster rap thinking i can get
down with the cheese yeah Oh something
really a little bit late actually
because the stresses of YouTube and
uploading my video vlog and main channel
um so yeah I'm gonna head out with some
of the guys and again I'll vlog yet if
everyone's cool with me flogging it so
yeah don't you probably haven't seen it
that's my phone ringing hey drops the
line has anyone ever heard of upside
down against the malt working I mean I
kind of just wanted to dial up in so I
beg or Naida let's let's see see what
you at least give me the position for
freestyle be doing no no you go ahead
and toes hey you gonna do stop against
the wall yeah how did he get it out
after bread cuz you think that's
twerking twerking is not side side oh my
gosh this is appalling
please don't dislike embarrassing
attempt of 12 happy birthday to you
happy birthday dear man happy birthday
to you and so basically guys I tried to
get into the taxi and a Walton to taxi
and my friend tried to get the seat that
i wanted so i went to push him out of
the way and as i walked in sexy eyeful
on head quite at the top of the backseat
and dropped my camera there is i'm tony
is to have a mother fucker flump almost
one of my head now which is great so
yeah
Oh back home run a life a little worse
for wear hey I'm gonna go to bed now and
yeah i'm i will see y'all little bubbles
tomorrow
