aw dang he's three though it's 4:00 in
the morning that's like three hours
sleep but I'm going to Oslo so yeah it
is literally stupid o'clock in the
morning I'm here at Heathrow Terminal 5
which I don't really want to get it's
such a nice time I like
it's also new and huge but it's still
dark outside
it shows how early it's the lizards like
caught 5 foot 6 so I'm just waiting for
Dom big demon who's on his way and yeah
my flights in like 2 hours so as soon as
you say we're gonna check in grab some
food and yeah right now though I'm in
the journey up here I've just been
listening to Drake's new album ah
Drake is like my favorite rapper
straight up thank you so good just like
his his big big day Hey
be better in my life Dalton's a bit
jet-lagged in the elbow
still hit that's what counts
this is all of the time
take off they go
no no way it's freezing in preventing
that as this is like ghetto that he's
transporting things on a scooter
he's not moving but he just was made to
drive him through tunnels for about five
miles we're now in kind of Oslo Town
Center I guess Oh
City Hall is just on sleep it's nice
sunny though though people would tweet
me turn it's raining I just realized I
haven't actually told you why I'm even
in Norway I mean I told you in it I've
locked the other day but I'm here at
Google doing a speech was big deed done
man
and this is apparently Google so oh no
this is a hotel people are having their
hotel at Google having their event man
so yeah nice and now we are heading off
to do a little speech they even gave us
like a little prize they package which
haven't opened yet bonk and I open it
after and see what it is so the talks
finished it's a shame I couldn't film
any of it but I spoke in front like 80
to 100 people with Google guys and stuff
just sharing my story that's all like
they needed me to do they wanted me to
share my youtube story because loads of
older generations they don't really get
youtube so that was fun and there was a
guy right at the front he's the director
of Google in Norway and he was like oh
can I just ask something
he's like my daughter loves you it
doesn't sound like he's like yeah my
daughter loves you can I get a picture
of you at the end this is like the
director of Google I was like this so
cool so yeah I'm now just
in the kitchen bin has really allowed
annoying music which is probably
annoying you guys I've been eating some
snacks not these because they aren't
healthy I've had some healthy nuts and
some fruit and now I mean damn I gonna
get the plane back home so it's a long
old day but it's been good fun and on
that note actually guys I would like to
do planned trips to areas like Norway
Sweden all different places around the
world and hold meetups to meet you guys
because I feel like a lot of you don't
get to do oh I feel like a lot you don't
get to go to the meetups and stuff in
various places because they're always
like in main places like America or
England and I feel like we don't get to
meet you guys so I might look into that
would you like me to look into that if
you would just comment below so me and
Dawn were about to get in taxi just
walked out of the conference and then
there's these four girls here so thank
you so they found me from like a girl
push in Instagram and then they used
maps and then tracked me here or
something but it's cool to meet you guys
anyway we've just got in this car and
found out this incredible invention that
I've never seen before so you got the
window right and I've got a little
quicker here I can just go like this how
cool is that so when it's like sunny in
here we don't get hot and then that's
one of the back that's actually nice
with the back because the Sun is all not
that blows my mind a little bit Norway
you we need to bring this so we are we
got given gifts from Google pretending
as speakers Tom's got his hair but
apparently he couldn't wait he's too
King but apparently we're given
different gifts so Tom's gonna see what
he's got that really yeah that's what
that's what I'm just so
or if you're here Royal Copenhagen
Avantika Majesty Queen of Denmark Queen
sent you something how do you feel about
art of some mugs maths
lovely I reckon I've actually got the
same as my lovely oh they're ten can
have a noir week wait how do you say is
it no Edith Norwegian Norwegian
Norwegian cup of tea yeah this was
definitely like the best moves right now
guys
turns out leaving Oslo is an absolute
nightmare
and we have been sat in traffic for an
hour now when we should be at the
airport and our flight leaves like
actually leaves the airport in an hour
and we're still we are 36 kilometers
away from the airport so basically to
even stand a chance of maybe catching
the plane we'd have to be at the airport
in about 15 minutes which isn't so we're
gonna be stranded in the airport for
about 4 hours
my your guys were in there porting we're
literally running for our flight we've
gone through security
and we are literally running it so yeah
51 yeah
sorry toddler you've made it to the next
part okay now for about literally five
minutes from the whole Airport address
from security and we need guys we have
literally just made this flight I am
sort of breath from sweating but I am
extremely static how do we make that vow
as though you've been stressful spit on
the plane hot sweaty but we actually
don't I have no idea how I made it but
we made it so
lady died
we are back to UK band I don't think
like the on a plane flown to different
country back on the same day that's the
new thing for inciting really fun fact I
just told you
well leaving the airport there was well
took about two or two-and-a-half hours
to get back home usually only takes just
over an hour there is two accidents so
that was good and today in terms of like
door to door has been like a 19-hour day
so uh yeah I mean it was fun obviously I
had a good time and it's called Google
invite me to and talk so yeah it also
made me realize that I didn't realize
how many of you guys there were from
like Scandinavian area so i'ma try and
come out and see you guys at some point
because I think I'll be cool anyway I'm
gon go to bed now so I'll see y'all so
that face says come back
