how you guys doing so I am heading off
to the shop to get some props and stuff
for my video because I need to get some
stuff for my video because I haven't
filmed oh they haven't got anything yet
so I'm going to go and get stuff for my
video yeah should be fun really ok it is
a bit of a crazy video so I'm really
different for time I hope you guys like
it yes you guys want to know what I got
from Tesco span so this is some just
some of the props my new video ok I've
got some broccoli some lemon some
oranges some bananas and some ketchup
you have a guess at what I'm doing I bet
you probably think in your head what
does he do but yeah there's some of the
props so I'm gonna go get ready and film
hello stroking Bailey
so just filming a new video right now
halfway home not lovely for actually I'm
probably about like hard the end to a
ttle usual setup you've got camera there
just got onto the pot now where I've had
to bring my props up so I've got the
props up with me and yeah it's really
hot in this room it's really annoying
because this room faces like the Sun is
in here all day so even if it's really
cold outside and it's sunny it will
still get really hot in here because it
just lets all the heat in and when
you're trying to film that's probably
almost forced ratings because you can't
open the windows because yeah this is a
main road so like there's loads of cars
all the time so um yeah there's this
pretty hot ish kind of I'm probably just
being a bit of a I just keep you
updated on today's events guys this is
happening right now and you
that so um yeah any guesses as to what
I'm doing right now my life just had
some lunch and now I've got to film few
more scenes for the video these scenes
are probably some of the strangest and
funniest things I've ever put on my
channel so hope you guys enjoy it
you've just been in a main Channel video
yes they have monkey so Bailey was just
in his first ever main Channel video
weren't you oh and I've got boxes on my
head which again you'll find that wild
Friday well next up there the day I've
just been a taping fruit to me which so
that's just happened anybody for a plate
of ketchup a whole frickin plate of
ketchup
yeah again this is for my new video I'm
filming which is coming out Friday so
hopefully this will make you want to see
what I'm doing so throw my fan on the
food so I finally finished filming it's
been so long been filming articles like
six hours something seven hours so yeah
finish filming need to start editing
that at some point but I just want to
play GTA so I haven't done any GTA at
all today it's a finish filming so I'm
gonna play some GTA
so this is pretty freakin cool guys I
just found the Hollywood sign of vine
mode over it's code look at my view it's
so pretty don't just get my cooking huh
yeah no idea what that was just edited
the vlog which you would have seen
yesterday and now I am going into I
don't mean I wonder hello
what am i cooking in here good Jim whoa
it's like up the lens that's
poking up the lens I got some chicken
Kiev's some sweet potato and some
vegetables
I bet the only reason you're in here is
cuz you want some ice cream don't you
actually it's not dairy time I don't
feel like it baby loves ice cream can I
give him chocolate ice cream cop no
don't they say that childhood kills cats
and dogs all I'm good - Miren
yeah is that true guys does chocolate
actually like killed dogs and cats
haven't given him any but just wandering
eyes off he's probably gonna win my room
somewhere don't we there Bailey Govan
her back I'm fine mummy in bed now
fun fact I've actually had three showers
today which is anything I've ever had in
my life one this morning because I
shower every morning too because I got
ketchup everywhere which you'll find out
why
and the third shower was because I'm
going to Oslo tomorrow which is Norway
and I've got leave here at 4:00 in the
morning and it's already 20 past 12:00
so looks like I'm gonna be getting no
sleep yeah
well that's gonna be fun si yeah I'm
going to Norway so I will see your sexy
faces
Wow
