ah what the hell is that in the lens oh
hey guys better morning in how you guys
um a little bit annoyed so today is
Tuesday um even though your channel
Wednesday and my plan was to play GTA
all day today Grand Theft Auto because
it comes out today and I ordered mine
and it said it was going to get here
today and the is said it is going to be
here in royal mail which is our postal
service one of the postal services in
this country and it's already been our
post has already come in the house and
lo and behold my games not there so I'm
a little bit annoyed so because this is
the only day that I can actually pack
because I've got so many things i'm
doing over the next few like weeks i'm
just going to go out and buy it because
i've reserved it in a shop now and then
i'm either going to give away my other
game to one of you guys or i'll sell it
or something like that so question of
the day would you like me to do a free
giveaway of grand theft auto 5 for ps3
that just say yes if you're interested
in me doing that and I'll look into
doing a few guys but in the meantime I'm
gonna go get my game hello baby how you
doing haven't seen you in a while well I
have they happen oh you're so cute today
oh you're so excited oh no yes you're
stuck on my jumper oh oh yeah night
you're stuck yep you stop there you go
you want some chicken I'm excited guys
I've got some lunch here so I've got
some popcorn I got them care gonna get
them home and then I've got thumb I
don't know fuck this is some like
chicken couscous and some dried tomato
think fast guys can we just talk about
how I now own this I mean I am so it's I
wait for this game so long so I'm going
to get my peers through now and just
play it all day
I ya wow i've literally been playing lat
for about to turn off house straight now
without even sort of noticing time go by
which is kind of weird but it's so good
and its really good and I think I'm
going to get into it so I'm just making
myself I'm a bigamous have him I have
just made a lime soda got my pineapple
they looked some healthy oatcake snap
things that i bought the other day so
I'm gonna give it back and Blaine us
suddenly time for dinner now after
playing my game for even longer um it's
just so good though I seriously though
the hospital my life and now I'm on my
time in a shouting loser at me that's
not very nice and what we cooked dinner
at the sci pork pork sweet potato
broccoli carrots lovely a nice you nice
war right now o grave it so yeah time
some don't big sigh wanted meant to
share the the final piece because it's
got the gravy and everything on it now
so that's that for you look so good his
little tongues hanging out his mouth oh
he always kisses the camera
oh he's pearl so i just realized i never
actually informed you guys about the
healthy chocolate that I was talking
about yes a the healthy ice cream thing
and I had a small part of it basically
trying to be healthy my mum found it's
like healthy chocolate well healthy ice
cream which is called this and the
reason it's kind of healthy is because
it's dairy free well you can read then
the only ingredient actually has a net
is water raw I gave syrup cashew nuts
and cocoa powder so I think that's
pretty healthy and it's a good
alternative let me know if any of you
guys are health peeps if that's actually
and you just wanted to film this pot
because I think it's gonna be pretty
like epic so yeah you disrespectful
breaks
huh yeah Oh
that's a badass right there right I'm
gonna hit the deck there's another
famous pet same for me oh I'm pretty
tired that it's late it's like one
o'clock now and tomorrow I have got a
long day I've got to film all my main
channel video up in paint tonight so I'm
filming that which would be out on
Friday well that failed because my
camera just died halfway through Fiona
so I has charge it for like two minutes
and I common what saying I think they're
saying yeah I've got skype calls and
fill my channel be here tomorrow which
is going to be really good cuz I planned
it tonight and then I'm going to Oslo
for the day on Thursday which you'll
probably be watching this know you will
be watching this tomorrow so you'll be
watching before I'm going we are going
to us on thursday which is going to be
fun it's some google talk then I'm not
like exploring it i don't think it's
literally google just I'm just doing
this talk kind of thing um so that
should be cool yeah anyway I was ooh
y'all sexy faces tomorrow
