good morning guys I am going to go and
try and work out because well not like
property wife happens I'm still one
hundred percent but I feel like I've not
been doing any exercise and I'm just
sitting there getting fat which really
sucks so I'm gonna go try and go for a
little run even for 4 i'm just going to
try and see how you get up it's not very
nice weather today it's got so much
colder why are you sitting outside huh
why you should you go child oh you're
very warm cookies little petra is in
safe oh hi struck charlie bears all this
big spider
but I've such its web who's scared of
spiders cuz whoever scared of spiders
look at that little oh that was
surprising me better than I thought it
was going to be considering stuff I
still managed to run two laps around
which is pretty good a thing though he
was I did it in like two minutes slower
than usual time but still it's a lot
better than I thought so yeah now I've
got crack on editing video that you
would have seen yesterday hopefully and
yeah have a shower Internet look at this
weather it's it's got really weird
because it the temperature dropped and
now the temperatures gone up again so
it's like hot and humid but it's now
just chucking it down with rain so
anyway I am going to meet Dave and Tom
you might seem before going to grab it
lunch of them and then chill for a bit
just overcome various my things on home
so back here Davis okay hello Hey Dude
they good how are you I'm good you hung
over there now if I'm pretty sure I'm
going like that and I got Tom how you do
until are you a little bit worse for
wear for those ok so we've just come to
get some food and powerful bit so tell
me a story
every time I pay more for FIFA being
able to get really upset and cries bombs
a little bit hungry I love you Tom I did
enjoy this whole chicken meal here and
then he's got a whole huge
garlic bread expect it to be so large by
tom bye bye mate but I love you I'll see
have fun bukkit unique I'll see you soon
buddy some of you may know this and some
of you may not depends if you follow me
on Twitter or not um but me and saw my
friends as in the brick crew meet
baiting me Casper Alfie gym Zoe and
Tanya are doing a sort of little tour
kind of tour not really we're doing for
like show things across America and
Canada we're going to New York
Philadelphia Toronto and Chicago and
basically it's kind of like a music
thing but we're kind of like hosting it
and we've got a slaughter live there
it's like a music thing so it's going to
be musicians they're owed well we're
going to be there as well and there's
going to be a scum like hosting and
being on stage and getting to meet you
guys and just having having a laugh on
stage i doing life challenges and stuff
there's also some really really awesome
musicians that get me playing there as
well so the reason I'm telling you this
is because tickets are selling out
quickly already and no one's even
mentioned it in a video so if you're
interested in coming to that tickets i
think twenty dollars twenty-five dollars
something like that I can't remember
whatever did you tour and put them at
then links will just be right down there
uh so like I said there'll be four
different names for chicago philadelphia
in new york and wait what toronto no
yeah okay so if you are interest in that
it'll be awesome so long want to get to
me as many of you guys as we can and
just have some fun so yeah videos
finally finished editing vlogs finally
finished editing so I guess that means
it's time for me to watch some dexter
because you know I
do that and you know that's what I'm
gonna do so yeah say hi Sawyer oh I like
your hair sup I've just skyping with
soil right now we're putting on my main
channel videos right now but and also
catching up on stuff which is nice huh
how you doing you can't Brit you can't
really hear or see you but how are you
I'm good good you yesterday I home in
person asian in everyday lives okay
gonna be I don't mean always talking
about but yeah that was sorry look at
you just sitting there you like the
camera don't you baby every time we get
I get the camera here you want you oh
you're stopping my jumper ah isn't that
nice baby Marvin yeah don't think he
likes that so before I continue or
Jensen Dexter I just wanted to speech
you guys for a little bit about a couple
of very exciting things that happen in
in the not so distant future I've been
working on two projects for probably the
last three to four months maybe more
than that on some of them actually maybe
even like four to five months on both of
them that I have never mentioned once
not not literally once at all and both
of them have come together and I've been
working so all of them recently and that
in their final stages now and I want to
be able to share it with you I can't
share anything with you right this
second but what I will be doing is
sharing little bits and bobs with you
guys on my vlog channel because you guys
are like the so I I just want to
share that with you
I can show it with you so you guys will
be the ones to know first so yeah I
can't really tell you anything about it
but I just want to tell you that there's
some cool stuff coming and keep your
little butt butts excited for that okay
I don't even know what is going on right
now it was it's quarter past twelve and
I have just stumbled across this video
hello oh right I'm gonna hit the bed now
guys hit the bed Wow Wow Marcus two
nights in a row we've absolutely weird
endings to the video I'm gonna go to bed
now well Brianna go on my laptop and
stuff at that but I'm going to end this
vlog because things are getting weird
and yeah I will see yo sexy faces toe my
brow back oh PS question of the day um
what's really wish today let's do
favorite song right now let me know
