good morning it is a horrible horrible
horrible day today look and we are off
to London we're gonna be exploring
different areas of London see where it's
good and where isn't so good so don't
really know where we're gonna be going
yet but we're just kind of go for the
flow and see first time I'm kind of
logoff one phone I don't even know if
you can hear me or see me very well
because my camera's broke what have we
got
we've got silent serving healthy salmon
salad
I got a chicken salad we're trying to be
like really healthy and stuff yeah today
is all I can stop being healthy would
you act on there go up one of those did
try this one on try on looks like you'll
go in the horse I've only get really
good so my camera still broke so again I
have no idea how this even looks or
sounds or whatnot so hopes alright but
we are just doing a little bit of
shopping now because scouting areas they
all didn't know the weather and it's
just horrible weather so we can't do it
so today absolutely failed in terms of
scouting locations the weather has been
what raining all day hasn't it
so we've literally been able to do like
nothing we walked round one area we
walked out the tube station we walk
around for like 10 minutes and then
we're just like yeah this is the worst
idea in the world got soaked we're like
let's just have some lunch and then I
had some meetings later and then you had
just went shopping filled blog and all
that stuff so yeah my throat is killing
me so now we're gonna head home and
chill
Lala so I've just got home because I'm
house saying poor bales hasn't been fed
well I say hasn't been paid he has been
fed he's fed this morning yes bed twice
today but it's half eight now and he
usually gets fed earlier so you can pray
here meow in get fed what one should we
get you your new teeth oh you get so
loving when you're hungry so you what
have we got like this one oh so meaty
yes you do
let's give this to you I don't know why
I'm filming this I mean feeding the cat
how entertaining is my foot being today
oh so meaty guys I'm having a little bit
of a fanboy my room right now okay so
I've just come to macklemore's new music
video for white wolves and I was
watching it and then there's a scene by
people in the pool and I was like wait
what basically he's filmed like a big
pool scene throughout this video in the
same flippin house that all of us guys
are staying in when we went to LA and I
was just like wait really I saw the
first clip and then I had to like rewind
it about five times and then I've just
been watching the rest of the video I'm
not I'm halfway through now and it
showed about 10 more times and there's
me sat here like oh my god oh my god
like he's literally been in the same
pool as me is that weird is that weird
that I'm saying this John see if I can
show you my eyes are blinded from this
flipping light
there we go look at house we're in okay
there's a halt listen boobs though and
there's a ghetto bomb sorry I just had
to add that have that quick fanboy
moment and hurry back to watching the
rest of the video of the reading for
comments on the vlog I've just put up
loads of you have said yeah cups of
honey you know like hot water if honey
is really good and this is manuka honey
as well of an activity rating of 10 plus
which apparently is really good um but
you also have put lemon in so i've got a
lemon and i'm going to put that near as
our fun fact
we have an auger in this house an auger
is kind of like an old-school oven thing
that like he's the whole apps has these
things it's turned off at the moment but
there is Antonius is because when you
want to boil the kettle my family is
like my family is like yeah we don't
want to be we want to save electricity
and stuff so they're really come on
auntie but getting a kettle that just
plugs in so you have to stick the kettle
on that thing
on the hob usually on the other one
there I'm gonna make sense now stick the
kettle on hop Basya takes like 10
minutes sometimes even 15 minutes just a
boil which is an absolute Mitch just
like share that story with you so I'm in
bed now I'm gonna watch newest episode
of breaking back some yeah so would see
that mm-hmm
question for you guys can you notice a
quality difference between I haven't
seen any of footage on computer yet oh
can you sorry can you notice a quality
difference between the camera I'm using
on my phone and the camera that I was
using because that's broken like I said
earlier little if he doesn't even turn
on now so I'm gonna try and take you
about to shop tomorrow see if I can get
a refund or
or something because I've had that one
for like two months
yeah cool anyway I'm gonna garnish this
and I will see you guys tomorrow
