yo yo yo yo yo how you guys doing um so
I've just come home
Tasha said hello - and now me and then
we got some sick head here aren't you
so because mums away at my room
she's like left me in charge of the
house and she's written this whole like
list of things mean today I'm one of
them I'll Kat Bailey it's sick what once
every three days probably more than that
always in the same place so I woke up
today and mmm YUM so our first chore of
the day's clean that up it's very fun me
and Tasha gonna lead the way on that
aren't we okay so this is my list of
things I have to do Bailey number one
feeding twice a day morning and evening
clean out his bowl and put any uneaten
food down the waste disposal blah blah
blah blah blah blah blah literally you
can see how much there is by this is my
list from my mum put toothpaste on his
poor one today please feel free to groom
him with his brush if you think he looks
bedraggled mum's wet and washing machine
settings so clearly my mum doesn't think
I'm very responsible I wash things all
the time I do okay
like your trousers today where are they
from because people probably else
they're forever 21 grave so I don't know
if they're in London possibly though
that's not worth a try do you know your
name's not that guy no I don't think any
wonder so sick duty list is green gloves
this disinfectant and plastic bag so
here we go I can't even make you dare to
touch
you know you are but that's just yet
blue that you've got to nominate someone
to just what spray to spray go and marks
get inland Bailey this is all because
right he's inspecting I throw he's like
yeah Wednesday I was sick on y'all met
huh how'd you feel about that
give me some much akin and I won't be
sick all these are these not the world's
straightest bananas like there is no
curvature at all it is just pure
straight summer has truly ended it's
cold a marina no statistical England
we've just finished lunch I had some
chicken thing enough feel a bit funny
now do you have so yeah now where are
you going you're going back to London
aren't you and I'm just going to chill
for about then back home now just
chillin we decided to get whole do
burden me and just have like duvet
Sunday Funday so we're just chillin
I am going through our tester thing got
you guys to comment on my new main
Channel video your Instagram names and
I've just been going through they're
like stalking you guys so I've been like
liking your pictures and stuff so that's
cool and we got Baio is looking as
handsome as ever
so I said little rely on I'm just saying
that parent can hear him listen
yeah yeah so the high stress you've got
on there Bailey that's nice dress oh you
look nice
basically when it rains he goes outside
and gets soaking wet and then comes in
house at you because he likes you to dry
him with a towel so I've just been
drying him and how I thought I'd leave
him with this huh it's like funny oh you
love being dried don't you so cute oh he
just chases me around the kitchen
he's had a bit of a scare there my
camera just wasn't turning on a tour
where there's just like my throat is
really really sore like I'm struggling
to speak oh he's so dramatic he's got a
case of the man flu
no no my throat is sore because I've had
lack of sleep guys I need to sleep but
what we've been laughing are basically
we're watching the footage from today
and we were just watching and I'm the
kumar's in his face while he's watching
himself talk is this she just burst out
laughing I was thinking I'm saying here
editing and I was like what is gay oh oh
I just fell on smashed my elbow on my
laptop which is hidden under the duvet
 um was yeah my throat has got like
progressively worse which resource
resource a tablet which didn't help at
all but I did make myself a honey green
tea because I googled that and
apparently that's good for sore throat
so I had that but I really hope it's
gonna be better I think it's just from
the lack of speed but I've had over the
last like three days so yeah hopefully
that gets better um tomorrow is way
things were
oh yeah tomorrow is a London day baking
spray London's try and see where I want
to live basically just keep you posted
on that
so just see what areas and parts of
London I like so gonna be exploring that
anyway peace out yo I'll see y'all sexy
faces to my brow bye
