hey Carl colors
drop that way drop that drop it drop it
drop it
did you explain what you got two boys in
a bed
the Reid boys in the bed good morning hi
I don't even looked in the mirror all my
hair I haven't looked in there either
and we've just woken up you're what
every film this
he stays last night so we're just
working on and just having a bit of luck
over time guys so I'm back home now
serve our random intro there we did we
were bored we woke up and that's that
yesterday and last night with Hoodie
Allen was amazing seriously I said he a
saint it says woke but it honestly one
of the best shows I think I've ever been
to
he just has so much energy and gets the
crowd involved so well is awesome
so anyway today our name is shower jet
which is nice I am home early because I
need to finish editing my video which
you might have already seen by now if
not I'm talking about my main channel
video which is up now for you to check
out so just click the link just there
and then you can go and see that so yeah
wow that's more bored Marcus does um
I've found bored eyes I'm editing videos
is long so I have to do stuff to
entertain myself that sounds really
weird yeah a question of the day how
would you guys feel about beards did I
ask this already I'm not sure if I'll
this ready I'm looking I haven't even
still I'm showered there's some gum for
the more rugged our natural look so yeah
we're checking for beards if Jeff and I
could grow beard yeah let me know ya
finished editing my video so that is
exporting right now and I'm gonna go and
be a nice son and pick my mother up
she's been shopping and she asked if I
pick up so I'm gonna go pick my mom up
and then what are you doing just sitting
there
oh hello marki how are you today
oh you look very happy today PD again my
cooking skills on so I'm getting
seasoned chicken in the oven in a minute
and I'm gonna be cooking some sweet
potato I can't cook saved my life so
this could be interesting what will you
say ma'am
so we'll see how that goes well that
ended up being a little bit stressful I
had an hour to pick my sister up from
the train station eat dinner cook didn't
finish cooking dinner eat dinner shower
upload my vlog upload my main channel
video and then get ready to come to my
friends house Dave who's just come back
from America for three months and I've
managed to do it and I'm 20 minutes late
so all that took me an hour and 20
minutes so yeah that was pretty intense
and I'm ghetto vlogging in the car with
my phone um so yeah I'll vlog the night
if my friends don't mind being logged of
course so yeah cool so I'm now at Dave's
who's not even here yet
Dave you haven't actually ever met yeah
and it's a little kind of reunion from
Wales so we've got Joshua hello maybe
don't Maximus Dave let's see your face
come on Dave right hi how you doing Dave
say it's giving give an introduction of
yourself you're Dave and what's an
interesting fact about you
Oh
back home all my voice had over it then
back home after the night it was pretty
fun like it was nice to see some we're
friends I hadn't seen for a while and
now I'm going to bed I hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog so if this one was a
little bit boring tomorrow should be a
little more entertaining hey um I love
you but butts and I will see your sexy
faces tomorrow ah
