hello beautiful sexy people firstly I'm
in Berlin today so welcome from Berlin I
also am in an echo room so apologies the
sound you also got natural sunlight
because I can't travel with my big old
light so we've cleared that up let's
jump into the video today's video it's
in a bit classic I feel like it is a
classic on this channel and that is I
try not to cry we're not going to do any
depressing stuff because I know
sometimes we do depressing things then
on the console oh my god no through the
whole do instead today we're going to be
looking at a soldiers returning home
from their duty when we've done trying
to disclose before we featured
somebody's before and it just up so you
gets me going because it's stuff that
makes me cry so there's work some happy
stuff maybe will cry and hey we're all
going to be any good move the rest of
the day I'm alright I'm alright
good I'm also using the tripod that I've
got here in Berlin doesn't go higher
than this so this is Mesa up straight
I'm like literally hunching over that
100 but maybe I'll just move back a
little bit
surprise ah
oh haha I got a little a shovel of legit
go goosebumps occurs Crockett on Jakarta
Water Authority so
that's an insider I'm not actually
crying promise in each other's not be
real Oliver gee I am crying that's your
nature
kind of wanna watch this throughout
music because then I throw the real
emotions you know actually got your gun
and magnified
that's awesome
of course they got this on hand a clip
now literally so
I feel that we ought to tear down the
wall actually
hahahahahaha
ramallah find the ha ha ha ha
the other older shopping - how many
jokes are they gonna do she surprise
them she's pardon her speaking with the
audience as well this is such a big day
in America so like the UK don't worry
fine as well
I don't know what I find cuter like the
little kids obviously super cute but
they don't know properly what's really
going on whereas when then when it's
like relationships are something that
both families when it's all families in
one setting that's deep is sister thank
you
these are almost like on the same
emotional level as proposals because I
feel like everyone around into me
becomes emotionally attached to that
situation the heavy punches bring out
the cameras like okay by a stroke of
arming luck she returned home early and
planned a surprise Jessica at one of her
games
she contacted nine Sport not helping the
surprise on this say no more
we want to give you this award with a
special presenter could you imagine
why I suppose again love the country no
one want dry eye in the house tonight
was so special and so she just kept
saying she said I can't wait for my mom
to get home and so this would be able to
surprise her with the sauce hold I want
to have to fight notice my brakes are
they like the silent that's in the cloud
that's really all good they clap or
something someone my own person that
makes a weird of premiums oh my god EF
uh-huh all right that's probably why
they were so quiet never like run into
the day for the bed there we go family
all 110
Oh is the high-pitched again oh god is
he going to come behind nah don't just
turn don't like did you have them on the
shoulder she's Prasad already or
sacrifice to the family while your
mother and father is will receive IMAX
our Christopher Campbell problem to 382
carrot and listen Airy way well wish my
family a Merry Christmas
Tania Alex give Mia an issue I love you
very much
I know that this has been the hardest
appointment for you all when I come home
please be there if he's not that I'm
just another Christmas apart I wouldn't
be able to do what I do I want to
publicly please be there please be there
please be there please try out that
welcome home your husband and former
lady fulfilled
I'm dumb yo
so we have a sub-account silver camera
okay that's the best one I've seen those
the best time I've seen just because
there was so much life around there well
and just like at the finish your hands
well have many different offices that's
actually very awkward because there's
balconies in this context just hoping
there's a couple SAP probably 20 meters
away and they've been watching this
whole video so therefore we see me cry
like five times and what is going on in
there
awesome anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
this video
did you cry as well just stuff like that
make you cry if it doesn't make you cry
who are you I feel like you don't have a
soul if that doesn't make you cry but
yeah give it a thumbs like enjoyed it
and I will see you guys tomorrow is
everyone all right see them wait
