hi guys how are you
my whole body is like yeah from going to
the gym yesterday
honestly holding this camera like this
now feels like I'm holding a huge way
but yeah today I haven't really done
much so far I've been editing my video
still which you'll be able to see now
well maybe not now yeah now my main
channel video should be up so the link
will be down there so I'm still editing
they haven't finished yet got loads more
anything to do on it and I'm having a
lunch break so I'm gonna go and grab
some food
and then yeah go out to London a bit
later on with Alfie J and Callum to go
and see who the Alan in the ha what I
went for with the North chicken southern
fried chicken right yeah um do you see
pineapple in it buckling mode yeah it's
so hard to be healthy isn't it right is
what I'm eating here is this healthy
maybe maybe not you guys tell me on
stare is that healthy or is it unhealthy
or is it average I'm now off to London
to meet up with Alfie che Callum and
then like I've said about a hundred
times they're all cozy vide Allen which
should be fun of his I used his music
for like years and I love his music but
I've never actually seen my life so he's
invited me along some pretty sights that
my mother is giving me a lift aren't
your mother good
good old mom now yeah it should be fun
guys question of the day who is this
having blood since leaving Brian but
look I'm with now hi hello I love the
movies I'm alright
oh yeah you like that shot oh okay I got
cherry Calum and Alfred hit so we're
gonna get the tube now to go and see
Hoodie Allen and we're gonna grab some
food so it should be lots of wood you
have our get a hold to martyr with my
pastor like that I'll feed likes to
complain about pretty much everything
and then it gets really grumpy night
just really touched I love it
it's nice
it's a good sexy shot of it so when
you've bought we got about a billion
tubes we're actually going so we're just
like first month and now what you're
going at the second month
okay little more because they really
care about your day first your Chris so
we have arrived in Camden it's pretty
cool Camden and we are heading to the
venue now it should be pretty awesome
man
are you excited check yeah Calum you
excited Alfie's stop vlogging what
excited yeah yeah I'm super excited man
I've never seen him live either so it's
gonna be yet
so we're in the venue now is how who is
there are now unbelievably hard to show
on a bench Amiga was born with we have
stripped down
leaders magazine
so
so my only goal for tonight is to make
this my new favorite show of all time
we made this show
we do kicks out getting ready
is it your late
they said you go with starfish
maybe not so much
as I'm so excited I can't believe how
many people came out to see me tonight
I'm seriously it's not slow thank you
guys for coming I really appreciate it
thank you guys that show was on real
like next-level unreal and now we're
just like hanging out with video and
stuff but it's really really like creepy
being in this whole stage when it's
empty
hey so we're just actually backstage
right now finally got to meet the boy
hoodie hey what up but his shirt was
amazing how did you find your show um I
found it with the cab just kidding I
found it amazing London was fucking sick
great great look you guys if you don't
know who he is already I'll put a link
to them down there you should check the
music guy he's fucking awesome so but
you probably do because you've seen a
must as soon as music in my videos
before because I use them pretty much
every video so yeah do you hey you saw
beers with you community beers everyone
good see mom you're defining me awesome
you're so good at shirt I you see you
later fire upload another video bye hey
youtubers taking over doesn't have
anything great I'm gonna end the vlog
here so we're gonna head home now
tonight was amazing hope you guys
enjoyed as well I'll see your 6 faces
tomorrow and if you enjoyed the vlog
give a thumbs up so Alfie account
request has been to come via McDonald's
drive-thru and this is our driver how
you don't driver are you having a good
night are we being nice passengers or
weaving
thank you
