good morning so I'm here on a rooftop in
London which is pretty cool look for my
view I say if it's essentially like
field but we're pretty high up um you
guys will run there which is pretty cool
and down there look at the little people
yes I'm here filming volvik today which
is pretty cool and we've got some really
exciting stuff I'm here Ollie who's also
filming with me so yeah it should be a
pretty fun do you know my vlog ever
there so we've got new glasses guys well
I actually picked these new ones up
they'll say so would you think of these
looking good or looking good Virginia
okay I understood it the first over
Virginia like like the state in America
Virginia and understand by art directing
the shoot so I'm just turning up she's
so ghetto right she doesn't even carry a
palliative no she just misses on a hand
with us so getting so we are a little
bit into the challenge or they all he's
looking good I'm looking rather
beautiful we've got all these wonderful
people who have turned up for audience
say hi guys I was setting up for the
next challenge look how disgusting this
looks I've got to eat this mmm oh it
just smells getting closer go to one
are you whoo sorry nothing please let go
how many Oh chubby bunny chubby bunny oh
come on it's gone it's gone for plain
cinema 1 2 3 4 15 16 24 25 he says so
I've now turned into a nice mass-market
up and down low 12 Oh shaking a boat eh
I haven't even seen what i look like yes
I probably look ridiculous right we're
in our lovely outfit but it's now time
for challenge number two wait 21
iono keep these gangs actually turned
out to be a pretty nice day here ah and
I'm so very hot so we've just had lunch
and now we're getting ready for the
final challenge which is going to be fun
but I'm really not looking forward to
dressing up in this heat and here's what
we're doing oh so now it's afternoon
gone a bit wild and I lost my trousers
so I am literally in a dress just ice I
look good though nice this is happening
right now guys yeah I'd like you to stay
then I'm gonna get me in hey hey one go
ended up a bit of a mess and I've got
 all down my legs don't bend over
apparently thanks guys so that's a wrap
on that set the video is going to be
hilarious i'm telling you this now i can
tell you when are we coming out but i
will announce when it comes out in this
video it were in my blog that you'll be
able to get link to it so now i'm just
heading back home I love Austin you guys
questions and you know it and yes they
asked you about five questions so it
turns out that the majority of you don't
think I should have music because my
vlogs don't really need me filming
surrounding areas um and the majority of
you would like to see me do game in
every now and again just not turn it
into a gaming channel which I'm a
hundred percent not going to be doing
just every now and again so I don't know
what's going on my hand but i think i
will do that for you you're so lazy
Bailey like look at you you're meowing
at me yeah he just
it's at this door and he's act until you
let him in even though he's got a cat
flap just round there but he knows that
someone will let em in because you just
too cute not let in on you babes so
anyway question for you guys today
question of the day um cats or dogs
would you prefer ah i have had cats on
my life I've never had a pet dog
although I would really like a dog so
I'm swats wing swans anyway more towards
cats just purely because I've never had
a dog yet mother for dinner I got some
nice chicken what they got in it chicken
Ulrich village and ricotta I'm gonna
play up and yeah place it in
there lovely
whoo sigh this is why I ended up with I
got my beginning birth and I get them
big yeah yeah that's probably just broke
my camera uh-huh what else are about
guys I need go to slay this is this is
getting really random really weirdly
know what I'm doing right now um yeah
remember to answer today's question cats
or dogs check out yesterday's vlog link
bin Hasaan description I love your six
faces and I will see you tomorrow bye
