what up guys good morning today I am
going to go and head to the park and
worked out I'm trying to start this new
not healthy thing I'm like yeah on this
healthy role like gonna get back into
and everything which I do probably every
week I'm like one day like yeah this is
it this is my day
and then I try and be home for that day
and then the next day I just like yeah
like this at home but today I'm gonna
try so I'm going would you have to say
about that bales you've anything to say
about that
no just not interested I know
well English getting more than I think
Tim's actually blamed me about is a
really good workout
when you like do exercise and stuff off
you you know because like I always have
a negative approach report and I'm
always like yeah time to work up once
you actually like work out once you've
finished your workout and you feel so
much better I just feel like me man
so yeah that's this now I feel a little
bit of pressure sometimes to do
something every single day to entertain
you guys so that obviously you're I'm
not just gonna be sitting around all day
like yeah Wow today I'm just doing
nothing so would you like to see me
maybe do some like gaming stuff on this
channel so for example maybe say two
days a week when bike today at some day
where I'm just chilling at home instead
of filming me saying rubbish I could
just play like some happy wheels or
something like that just to brighten it
up a bit and also if you've made
something fun to do so if you'd like me
to do that then let me know in the
comments just comment yes do that or no
piss off bro oh oh you're up
straightaway on me
course you are cuz you think you're
gonna get some food my chicken oh are
you so greedy to Georgia food all the
time don't to your little bellies mm-hmm
so I ended up making a chicken like
cheese and well just chicken cheese
salads or thing and I got water and I've
got my mango Oh
follow question for you guys not that
you're already bombarded with questions
by me
do you prefer music in the background of
vlogs or not music I've never really
tried testing it but it really works for
Louie from flu he's probably one of my
favorite bloggers that I watch and
obviously one of my good friends but his
music works really well in his videos so
I don't know whether to incorporate
music in the background and then film
more like of the environment
surroundings you know as I'm going from
place aid to be like film filming on
film outside that made no sense so yeah
if that is something that you'd like me
see me do then I'll ever know what in
the car man
I'll explain the guitar um this kid may
be tempt me to play a guitar more I used
to play it you stab lessons but I
haven't been playing while I had lessons
for probably two three years now
so yeah I don't really ever pick my
guitar up anymore but this could maybe
encourage me to do so I thought I should
include this in the vlog yesterday I
woke up and I was literally having
hundreds and hundreds of hundreds of
tweets with the hashtag proud Butler's
so it was started on Twitter and it was
just all of these people literally
tweeting about their love for me with
the hashtag proud Butler's which I
didn't start I didn't even tweet about
it and I literally woke up as you can
see there is like hundreds of tweets and
it goes on and on and on and I just
thought that was really like sweet yeah
so thank you for doing that guys I don't
know whether to call you Butler's or but
buts
would you like to be called would you
like to call yourself a butler or a buck
bar again another question for you so
make sure you let me know the answer to
that question down borough wow you
clearly understand anything said there
could you um it's been a long time day
even though I'm really done anything so
I'm gonna get into bed and watch some
suits cuz I've got a lot to get help on
have fun wondering like my ten billion
questions how many are after you yeah
tomorrow should be fun though I'm gonna
see Alfie and then I'm going to London
to see time flies play so yes I will see
your Nonna sexy faces tomorrow
