good morning today is a little bit
chilled it's a beautiful day
look at that sky I am gonna go and work
out so yes Shari oh
that just killed me two laps around park
young man it's like 3.6 K that was worse
than the over there I need to sort this
fitness thing out
Icom being healthy be easy
I mean why will the bad foods the worst
you
for example chocolate I mean but someone
just make healthy chocolate please I
make running fun because I don't enjoy
our older boots that someone had a bit
of an accident and drop their ice cream
poor kid I bet they're crying their eyes
out right now think I'd make quite a
good office worker um just scanning in
my documents for the day into the
scanner and down here scan yeah get
masks in in are when I'm having it at
home and I'm feeling less bothered I
don't do my hair how I normally do it I
just chuck it like wait for it's driving
out the shower and then chuck in some
random gel stuff because that's easier
than blow-drying here and paying my
waxing and hairspray and viola so this
is me with maybe a different hairstyle
which I haven't shaved well my little
man the hood coming out and also loads
of you you asked me about this grass
outside you're always like oh why is it
so green or it looks fake it is fake
grass it's like astroturf I don't know
if you have that in America but yeah it
is fake only up here we have real grass
down there but up here mum and Simon
BIG's I just wanted it I guess because
it kind of looks cool that's what they
think anyway yeah on that note actually
I want to try and do this like kind of
question thing with you guys maybe like
every day if I can remember I'll ask you
a random question to find out a bit more
about you because I'm sharing my life
with you so I'd like to know a little
bit more about you guys so first
question is where in the world are you
watching this from right now like where
are you from so in the comments put the
town and then the country because if you
I probably won't my house that
in the world so if you put like the town
or city or village or favela or whatever
and then put the country after that I'll
be really interested now how good a
fill-in it is when you're searching your
fridge to try and find something that
you think tin there and then you get
really stressed because you're looking
in there you can't find out which I've
just bend over about five minutes
looking the same place opening things up
and then just as you about to close the
fridge you see it in front of your iron
like yes that was Diet Coke I'm talking
about
it's like often and I haven't filmed for
about the past seven hours
I've just been sort of sat here in my
own world like into where being and I
thought of stuff but also editing my new
video which is coming out you'll see it
tomorrow it's coming out on Thursday and
it's got a very special guest in it
that's all I'm showing you I'm afraid so
if you want to see that make sure you
are on my main channel marks but the TV
on Thursday cuz that is gonna go
down
you feelin me homie yeah that's gonna
happen that I'm also as well gonna start
doing like I'll take videos for this
channel because I've never made one
before and people always go make out
date video man remember me so I'm not
quite sang like that but yeah just got
into bed to catch up on some suits cuz
I'm washed up for a few weeks and I've
got about four of says ketchup on so I'm
a dual dad why asked you do you and I
hope you enjoyed today's vlog if you did
give it a thumbs up and I'll see your
sexy little faces oh that's awkward
isn't it because the screens just gone
off um I'll see you guys tomorrow
