hello good morning good morning good
morning how you guys doing today are you
doing good um no me has gone to work
she's working so much right now it's
really sucked like she's getting really
like bored of working and blah blah blah
and those that you're asking about her
blog and her blog is coming on nicely
she's just really like nervous and
scared to post about it yet so it's
coming along she's just like in the
final stages of designing it and blabber
their back they pay their bit of that so
yeah today I am going to go to the
cinema with my friend Tom we're gonna go
and see we're the millers now I've
already seen this film but it's so
freaking funny um and he hasn't seen you
so you read on said that I'm gonna go
and see it again that black window
so i'm here with Thomas hey guy Tom how
you Tom your right thumb Eddie honey pie
Thomas I cuz he stayed up to a half 59
till like three what you make that I'm
so yeah we're going to similar to watch
we're the millers we want a pizza
express so then we like our there's
Beatrice and Lewis should we just go to
do it so we're now in Lewis which is
random would you think about that Tom
we've done a little export exporting
adventure of the English small towns
even know mine I'm just inspecting my
glasses I ain't zoom I'm yeah I'm
sliding my gosh getting new glasses on
Ross the bed what I know you guys always
the guy because I've had these things
probably two years now I really really
like them stories i love them and then
Bob Oh Who I am I really think it brings
yeah even though it will be zoomed right
yeah bring your bring your nose or eyes
one of them all my nostril hairs maybe
she go to specsavers have a little niche
what do you think my new glasses or keep
these Muslims are trying on my glasses
once knife they see them they did I mean
I don't know and all they hurt my eyes
because they're prescription you're
lying yum yum yum so if he's gone I went
for some super food salad bits and
garlic bread and some garlic butter and
tom what you got more time you went
first Alan yeah our son is healty garden
varying look at what a pretty little
high sugar house and I'm walking in the
middle of the road so tom is leaving now
so I've just dropped matt station say
bye tom hi everyone can't wave everyone
thought that way
John some food bales you don't like
fresh pasta are you gonna give him some
pasta look at all this food I've just
cooked well cuz this is called the
kitchen this is where we eat and we have
things that we cook things for you yes
funny yeah there's a few new additions
to the fish tank um oh god they were
going bit nuts in there me why i'm
filming not feeding okay where's the new
ones okay this one is new oh he's very
forced this one hey no move out the way
fatty I've lost him think he's hiding
he's scared of the camera there's a new
one over on that side over there he's
new I think that's her the what jemi if
you remember watching in the vlog while
ago me and know me better fish for a
step down as a birthday present and this
is him here this rainbow one apparently
what does he do he goes to bed early
my nine o'clock he'll be gone thank you
he's made friends oh this is neon is
enough yeah what's his name everything's
by name them that one's lemon little
hammered original this one's lipstick
there's got people against we never uh
he's he's actually in his foxface he
looks like this one just a skinny mom
we've obviously got named line and me my
number two no let's have me my own mama
no non name let's call them non mem so
young none and his name would you look
at that two days in a row of ending my
vlogs um sorry if my vlogs have been a
bit like more boring or stuff like I
said obviously a lot of people just
assume right because your YouTube
friends with people like you hang around
with your youtube friends all the time
which I'd love to do because I love all
my YouTube friends to bits but the
problem is everyone's so busy constantly
obviously you can always have them so if
you were expecting my books be featuring
my YouTube friends out every day I'm
sorry if that has become a
disappointment to you like I said some
of these logs might just be of myself
and I hope that they don't bore you and
that you're still watch them so yeah
anyway I will see y'all sexy faces
tomorrow
