my I am so tired like it is 10:00 7:00
in the morning I've been up since 6
o'clock in the morning
I've went extrude on day today me and
Casper are going over to link and share
which is like like halfway up the
country zoom event yesterday so we've
got like a fun day of activities and
stuff of them so she begins don't think
I've ever been on the streets of London
for 7 o'clock in the morning
so I've arrived at a station with castor
is trying to hide from me
we're so side by side on
but we've got our food we've just eaten
a little pen and now we're gonna go in
board the train go the world's biggest
trade ministers turned up this to get on
all of our one carriage
we arrive at Spalding which is also
known as the middle of Noah this is
Frankie below so we've just taken a
little detour to get some food and drink
some stuff but this is what you've
needed for so long this is perfect for
you so nice I could get this one I do it
you need some drunk glasses still on as
well
defy gravity you just dropped on your
money that was good PR in a field pretty
much
also known as an allotment to some but
to me a field hello I'm Frankie and
today I'm here with Casper and find my
marquee pop-up and today we're in
Lincolnshire what we're doing it we are
here with some young people who are
taking part in their social action
Harriet hey it's the ground that bad boy
out no challenges on how you feelin like
but you're gonna lose do you think is
gonna win Frankie I think it's gonna be
very very close the day is finally here
Marcus how you know he's okay what the
guys are gonna have to do if they're
gonna have four minutes to make a
self-portrait out of the materials that
they've got here and the best one is
gonna win so the best one's going to be
decided by these guys a lot men team
let's have a cheer Marcus is the winner
okay let's have a cheer if you thought
Casper's a winner we've seen our
audience think it's over to Twitter to
decide the winner and break it one more
time and I can now announce that twitter
has crashed and the winner is it was
very close let's see
so Casper's worn up by six six votes
so we've been driving in the car for
about two hours now and we are now down
a net did you have a nice sleep I slept
for two hours I had a pretty good sleep
yeah down in Essex my hand looks like a
mess of the big so yeah round two so we
have arrived in Essex and it is a
gorgeous day it's so hot
guys wait
apparently they played yeah we're not so
keen graduates come on Brad and that's
basically it
Kaspar are wearing these lovely gloves
is because we're about to do the first
aid challenge and the first day
challenge is going to be in the form of
a bandage relay one but we have just
finished the challenge and T Marcus was
successful against team Casper cause he
sucks so we have had a great day we met
some really inspiring people and learn
some really valuable techniques but the
highlight is gonna be watching Kasper
get chucked in the leg
so we have pretty much finished the day
now all the film has been done we've
showered we're dry we're back in the car
on the way to drop Kasparov home and
then I've got to get the train on the
way back to Brighton it's been a long
day but it's also been fun I am so tired
right now my voice is all over the place
I have nothing in my hair either so
sorry that's rubbish but you're just
gonna have to deal with that yeah I'm so
tired
like literally fall asleep right now a
long long day and tomorrow is main
Channel video day I'm filming so that's
cool yeah I love your face I
