hello guys how you doing today I am
going to London for the one direction
Prem e yeah I'm ready now I've got my
stuff I've got my little soup premiere
and taxi is here and I'm heading off now
to Brighton station so I can get trained
up to lambda
look what I'm holding right now hungover
no I did drink in your hairs looking
nice today so I've got most my outfit
other than shoes that's the only thing I
haven't got so I'm heading out really
quickly I've got like three hours I need
to get ready like shower and everything
and change but I haven't got any shoes
yet so hopefully I can go find some help
shop the snowball
you already got spare so first option is
smart option well it's as well what's
this for please Direction premier oh
okay
so this yeah yeah if you were to fight
you with probably playing someone second
option is my favor very out there
I'm afraid Lauren looks afraid just got
to my hotel room and to say the least
it's a little bit small but it's kind of
a cute little room but I will show you
the room so this is literally the door
okay and it's like BAM
there is your bed uh-huh that is the bed
whoa I got really just in time I am all
suited booted and ready to go so yeah
this is what I'm wearing you can kind of
see velvet leather
velvet blazer nice floral shirt with a
nice tie black skinny jeans and then
I've got some gold sparkly trainers I
can't actually hold my arm like high
enough to light won't even be there so
everyone is now kind of ready getting
ready finalizing in here and everyone
looks so nice
have a little look what everyone's
wearing jimmy-boy looking very small I
like your shoes Alfred over here Oh
bread mug in the little bowtie Thank You
Joey
we have got here is little very fresh
Doug there's also looking very fresh
running out I'm running out word Louise
he's looking very pink
I like the matching lipstick
and bag amigos oh you just looks like an
angel like an angel and we've got tiny I
need another I need another I'm running
out looks see
so times looking very foxy oh and I just
punched someone head sorry about so we
are in the taxi on way to Leicester
Square I am in a taxi with Jim taarna
and we got big deer from like that so we
are literally around the corner and
honestly I've never been is like is she
so we are literally down there
there is never a nice that's quite scary
just being ostrich for a big job
what do you think that man about was
 saying yeah
and now we're gonna go and watch the
film so we are now saying I've seen a
miracle incredible see good huh we are
literally five for his back like that is
the screen how we got zeusie and Joey I
can't even see that but there that place
burned to the boys would be incredible
to work with a very proud of the boys
does they have to change three years I
want to we don't exist without we were
the film definitely awesome because
nobody watching and it would be really
embarrassing salute real like it was
anything seriously did you guys enjoy
so we are pretty much done for the night
we have do you say bye go away
we pretty much finished the night we're
just waiting for a car it's coming yes
because we kind of like stuck in between
all these people right now I seriously
recommend that you guys go and see it
because the feels night is really good
we are now off of some food to end the
night filming scenes I've already just
filmed it it's not we're on a really
nice straight yeah so anyway we're
finishing the night today was probably
no one knew me and now I'm taking
pictures of you guys because you are
amazing
so I really do hope you continue to
support and follow anyway and this
equalization
