she's putting a slice pictures on my
side 12 night as well yeah my plate at
22 one month on a slice of melanin yeah
but it's just the angle that's look okay
see it what's up guys I'm vlogging today
because just felt like it sometimes I
might throw throw cheeky vlog up on the
channel you know kill you a bit behind
the scenes of what we're doing today is
a work day and yeah yeah so we just
cannot erase some stuff what's blogging
and yeah we've been filming so far this
morning so camera swear I've sit to film
been doing more marks and maybe some
main channel stuff and we about to get
some lunch now you do your trick riding
with me so one you're so sure - yeah and
you got that in the locker I don't think
you do also I learnt another one today
that is a main line below thing coming
off oh that's really good can you do the
throwing catch
don't ruin my floor humanik action keep
it sterile can you do it yeah it's a
little bit oh oh how was that be quite
good
you've been practicing at neurology it's
been a while since we've been in the old
name those months Jasper says their
genomic so that's your really funny
story about this man no there's one time
we filmed the main Channel video what
was amazing video music not even real
life yeah I'll go quick and see how we
filmed main Channel video and we needed
someone to know those their line so we
sat in the corner around there we also
some to work here if she could be in the
video for us I tried to explain it was
YouTube video
she didn't understand and she ended up
thinking it was just a video for our
friends and the only way we do it if it
was you know we just show it to our
friends and I said yeah why should video
to proper end reply so she did it isn't
clear today
what do you mean next time came in and
those she wasn't why from there every
single time we come in and there since
then she's not been working here so Eva
she's been fired because she's not
allowed to do that so we essentially got
someone fired
how would you feel about that we made
some lose their job very very very
guilty
so listen to me I with you are they
tracking down or she's denied nanos
inside the lead who knows
alright so the suit literally I'm sorry
para para salt priority may be a natural
consort of lemon and her chief immense
share what is the one in the extra extra
hot sauce really quickly if you can
notice there I mean you obviously will
notice it by like NV 10 times ailment
okay no try
how to direct that
maybe not one yeah so we put it on the
example in office mm let's see because
we can prime the cutaways for us yeah I
think really that long
let's finish the first car and then
we'll plan the other way to see if it's
gonna fit better on more markets or
personal
they land up haha that really caught ya
Johnson's Jupiter or even missed it rekt
Wow he was a hot hob you really like
what so I've gone wrong I'll make you
legit but so much thank you I found it
round Rami boy didn't I even see what
that was just that didn't blow away I
worried that you'd see it with all your
might on that so when you take out you
and me resume I felt very very moist but
it was a lot of sauce on them being an
either yeah those not that long
don't find us in that way mucks up
straight constancy very cute very keen
this cat is all the way up on someone
else's balance or I start now and then
just jumps down on a mission just to get
time to unfilled on them but you
recorded me yeah I'm referring to the
blog though ah for snatcher no get your
finger away and we do lift your sleeve
up get the gun - ugly a glove
10250 yarn let me do it on them that's
that's big who tenses me down like that
you might you know man beast can well
lift it up like I don't like yeah they
do what no one's going to do I'm going
to show you how hot my phone go ahead so
you put your home especially in suppose
hot
it's very very very hot boiling is
absolutely boiling my phone the whole
day I don't know if you guys ever had
this where your phone is just like on
fire I'm not even using it's just sat
there and it's just burning
can you just repeat what you just saw
you knew on some IPA for the book I know
but that's not you need to say exactly
how you said it exactly a podcast shall
I and it's hot
shall I get some this math logic is
because it's hot let's get some beers
hydrate that is your rehydrate dehydrate
the answer sighs no to make unlawful
I've lost my appetite
I've lost my apps build on what can help
a couple of my peers don't help with
that be reliable I know that where are
you hi I'm Steve MacArthur I psycho how
appealing working in public
buying from different cities both I
started singing going on tour being an
annoying youtube I don't shoot a scenes
reason doing that at a time
I'm with the now your interest
nothing like a cancer in the fridge no
other Gallic woman oh can you have the
beer marriage absolutely not you
absolutely anti-big get your only bit
cheaper from time is now follow lesson
one I like that said I go I go every
time there's the alcoholic you look like
you're out the bottle someone between
still two people yet so we're just
talking about how hot is and we're
talking about aircon and air
conditioning how do you say
aircon why'd you say we air con aircon
how do you say air come ankle okay the
aircon can turn the air con the icon
yeah why is it yeah coldly I just didn't
know that the things you you just an
aircon
yeah I can't yak on Megan Exxon egg oh
my gosh office egg on pork oh yes
are you a nine massive issue we don't
have the original podcast mics so we're
trying to make makeshift this is a light
stand and we've screwed a random
microphone I've got with statins that
offset the other microphone you're going
to see is this bad boy and I've stuck my
smelly sock on the top of it I hope you
saw it peeking so see how it goes I love
that Adams on the look I love that how'd
you feel about Adam alright guys donal
this is a thing I've been like leaning
like this let's talk about the ring this
ring on my wedding finger so I want to
talk about this because I saw it's still
so hot I'm staying in front of the door
loads of people comment on the vlog
which was uploaded a couple days ago I
had three three rings on this finger as
my left hand so people were obviously
this piercing and I like can't we talk
about the ring oh my god
like is he marry busy this is you that
I'm not I'm not married so yeah but it's
fine to wear
a ring on this thing I feel that's what
I wanted to kind of say about is just
because wearing a ring laughing it
doesn't mean necessarily married right I
think there's such this huge thing that
comes with it that if you if your own I
think a ring on that thing it means
you're married or you're not allowed to
wear a ring on that finger unless you're
married I don't know if that's going to
bring bad luck whatever but I feel like
it's totally fine to wear a ring on this
finger
I usually wear it with these I take my
rings off when it's really hot because
my fingers just get really sweaty
yeah I always change up how I'm wearing
the Rings but at the moment I've been
wearing this ring on this finger I'm not
throwing at you that ring there and that
ring there mainly because obviously my
tattoos there so I don't want to wear a
ring there to rub it off or wearing on
that finger and then the other thing is
there usually this think this rings worn
there but I'm today I think it's cool I
think we really could have one more ring
there and then you have for one hand
just my opinion yes the ring situation I
wanted to clear that up what do you
think about wearing rings on that finger
