good morning um it is time that everyone
departs today so we are fine I'm in a
bit of a rush because we need to leave
the hotel half an hour ago and yet we're
all doing and going on separate ways
Troy's going back to Australia today i
am going suit shopping today and tyler
is editing doing himself and editing so
yeah so i'm now often attack to you to
go me know me for lunch and then me
Alfie and joey maybe are going to go
suit shopping because we've got the
premiere for one be tomorrow so
did you enjoy a lot
new we've got how are you I just now if
knowing because it's her lunch break and
I'm in London and she's in London so we
just went to had some lunch and now
you've got it back to work honey yeah
how're you enjoying work but yeah entire
thing sleeping and now i'm gonna go suit
shopping
I'll pages ad shut up you want to be in
my video hi who you nice to meet you hi
people in the video thank you it's a
market so we voted the first row which
is ted baker and Marcus has found
something straight away which is so
looky it takes me ages are you ready oh
no I'm going up with them for a reveal a
reveal shot nah okay ignore the jeans
guys ignore the jeans and the shoes I
like it good the Blazers vote side
that's not a little look at the share
it's got all the flowers on cheeky
Lauer's photo top of another I'm just
worried about flying trousers through
now and then I'll physical their vests
are you good just stopping for a little
bit super healthy because is little
bellies rumbler but I've got half my
stuff which I'm really happy and healthy
has potentially or some of his but we
just wanted a crime a true but we don't
look inside
that's how you walk normally where we
heading to now this is how that guy
where are we heading to now editor Reese
shop but I do believe it here but now I
can't see it anymore Alfie facing thinks
because he lives in London alone there
it is he just knows everything so well
that is actually recent then Bruce is
unsuccessful so we get up top yeah so
look who's joined the boys shopping trip
right we got Joey brown and alfie is
kind of poundage behind the fascia
lighting up but not to on hold so
powerfully so far as got like 4 4
spreader I think that's not like this
one I think that's the one yeah
definitely you guys so I've stolen boxes
camera and he is in a finger next to me
this is what I'm talking about suit
jacket with no shirt that's I'm talking
about
oh yeah yeah what I do tether what we're
trying to do Marcus we've been trying to
shop for this outfit um you look like a
pimp I am a pimp I have up here what is
it like we're having a midlife crisis
right now I want to cry because we can't
find any outfit hey why don't you just
wear that to premiere you
so that would fit out from work and he's
just recording one of this we've got
today basically she said what did you
say that you didn't like my soup I've
just met him he's been shopping all day
but I didn't like her so we've got thing
about nine surviving yellow cream so
yeah we've spent about three hours
changing all that but I do that a lot
better I think so hopefully it'll be
worth it right train a long day and I
got some through got burrito nah
No
just do your bottom one
it looks like your time
that's it yes he wasn't very good why
does he get shaved oh yeah a little
haircut bales you want to show of your
haircut Wow two nights in a row that
I've actually remembered to end the vlog
so do my Marcus them well haha but yeah
today it feels nice to be back in my bed
put it that way I am so freaking tired
every bone in my body aches right now
and that means some really old but I
literally cannot control it back and I
cannot contain my feelings for the one
direction this is us premiere which you
will be seeing tomorrow so keep your
little sexy faces peeled for that peeled
when'd you have the pillow face anyway I
love yo sexy faces and I will see you
tomorrow yeah
