hello what up peeps how y'all doin ah
today the weather isn't looking great I
mean look it's just like well I probably
doesn't even show you anything at all
your white sky which is great
anyway today I am going soon to go and
play some basketball with one of my
mates from school again I as some of you
may know basketball is my favorite sport
I used to play it like four times a week
when I was younger I like quite a high
level sort of thing but I never get to
play anymore which really sucks so I'm
gonna go play for him even though I've
still got my rubbish ankle I don't know
how much I'm gonna be able to play but I
should still be able to shoot and stuff
so that should be fun I swear like most
my vlogs pretty much every vlog is based
around the music song I'm always either
singing or dancing or something like
that just having fun with music just on
my way to the train station to pick up
my friend so yeah I'm always the train
station pick up Tom then we've rented
out this basketball court so like an
hour and a half so we're just gonna go
and have some fun and stuff mark and we
are now walking towards where we got the
basketball and this is Tom Hader I'm
good
this guy this guy I like I said earlier
I used to be boss with him since we were
like 10 so we've known each other a long
time and uh he actually featured in one
of my main channel videos
how long ago Jack and Mike it was gonna
be just finished college
we just finished college so what was
that they see is when I hit 5,000
subscribers and I dyed my hair pink and
fake tan my body and well you dyed my
hair pink in here yeah why did I have to
do it always oh yeah actually you think
tan me as well so you might recognize
him from that
Birkett this is how you shoot
just so cold right now tom thinks he's a
Pro Bowler thinks is the bomb James
problem n is one he's white until you
can't actually shoot yes it's called a
magic trick shot although those actually
so close to going in so we've finished
playing ball now we are gonna go head
off to grab some lunch
and then we're gonna go to C Mon CQ
plastic work it yeah good work good
to anyone else find these baby pictures
extremely creepy in the window of this
shop hello we like to share pictures of
little babies bring your kids inside but
oh what is that oh sorry
how long looks like dead now put on the
pot what are you getting some
and
I got a chicken bacon sweet corn and
mayo and some crisps look who comes over
they want some food I'll bail oh my god
that doesn't even fit on the plate you
little buddy are you gonna eat with that
one does the pretty good opal bails
you're not allowed to have any food
which are on a special diet on official
ear we are now off to go and see
kick-ass - I'm like crazy inside this
because we actually saw the persons
evidently which you don't really
remember we saw the first one together
and I absolutely loved the first one
I've been waiting for ages for this
one's come out and yeah gonna be a nice
romantic date it's been lovely
especially of cinema date to do what a
lovely day it's turned out to be
all the way oh no way to cinema only
personally found this secret way through
but there's a big gate and we're a bit
scattered over we should actually go
through so good you just can't get back
for it that's what it is what did you
think of that film so yeah it was
literally amazed ah it was actually
amazing seriously so good
Tom's going for stuff I'm going home to
edit video also was it just me or was
that fun being the hottest cinema yeah
once in a month line why is there a
random vending machine just on the side
of the road though I mean if no one is
going to take that I would quite happily
take the home pretty sure it's the
fridge or is that fridge either way it's
got big coke on it looks pretty cool man
that's a fridge Marlowe has made me a
lovely meal of some music tandoori
chicken and Brice Oh wild rice and then
I got some lovely salad hidden in there
it's so pretty up here what are you dad
why what are you 15 it stinks of fish in
here I walk in at first thing I smell it
smells horrible
took one of those fish from that so know
me has brought me back from Tattler this
special edition of GQ because it wasn't
available anywhere right yes sold out
everywhere
and looking sexy faces got on the phone
and I got you GG trends so you can be
fashionable as this men's or women's are
you trying to say that I'm not trendy
enough I want to look like Harry Styles
basically
