hello my side cool lovely wonderful
second channel viewers how are you did
today I'm firstly apologies for not
naming the vlog yesterday I was so tired
and I slept for 11 hours like I don't
ever sleep for that long so I don't
really know what happened and I'm sorry
about that but it happened um also I
fell asleep on the train come about from
brightness today I fell asleep twice and
I never fall asleep on the was like oh
yeah please I see I fell asleep on the
train twice which like I said I never
fall asleep on like public transport and
should not happen right it was a really
busy train and I fell asleep and those
his old man sat next to me and you know
when you're like in a deep sleep on
train a tiny any heads Bob and then you
go oh yeah i did that and I like made
this man jump and he just kind of turned
and stared at me and gave me the like
most evil little look in the world so um
yeah that happened
she spoke words that were found in your
hands she spoke words of twisdom well I
hay bales how you doing this morning
well oh that she'll pretend meow isn't
it oh you're so cute real this is Bailey
that's his real name by the way guys I
just call him bales he's such a cutie
pie isn't he today isn't too productive
in terms of actually like out and about
doing stuff but i am filming my new main
channel video today so I've been
spending the morning planning and
writing and all that stuff that I want
to do I haven't even showered yet which
I need to do film it and yeah as you can
retell I was having shave me moob you'd
um so probably look a bit welcoming
shall stop doing my hair likes guys I
named Martha turns out I didn't actually
have any food in my house at home so
I've come up to testify in front of food
instead I got myself the cello chicken
noodle salad some boys so what's it some
grapes and some sparkling water um so I
am halfway through filming my video my
main channel video which you'll see
tomorrow on friday so stay tuned for
that and loads are you always ask me you
know what's the behind the scenes or
what your setup for filming so when I'm
filming at my room I have a big
 light there oh this is my
camera microphone and tripod
I some natural lighting lovely and this
bad boy right there my room is an
absolute mess right now that is a giant
beanbag I don't you're thinking on your
thinking yeah go and jump on that
lockers so that's what I'm gonna do why
not jump cuz i will probably kill myself
i'll just go like this oh that's really
weird of bean bag on a bed because you
have like you learning the bean bag and
then the bed light bounces like cool
story again Marcus I felt work fool
downstairs I feel like I haven't even
really logged a few guys today because
today I've just been inside all day and
I'm really worried that you're gonna
find this book really boring and stop
watching my vlogs by don't want you to
stop watching them so I hope you don't
mind me doing saying like this but yeah
anyway I was just cooking myself some
dinner and I have got a sweet potato in
the oven and then I've got some chick
chick chick chicken so Dennis find a
coat and this is what it looks like
lovely isn't it so like I said today's
being bit more chill day it just been at
home big sigh who you saw probably
unknown are only two weeks ago he's gone
to New York for work that's just me n
mother who you haven't seen yet she's
being t scared but this is mother hey
dear mother oh oh you're not really in
focus showers bit awkward hey y'all oh
how are you say hello to everyone hello
everybody hope everyone's fine so that's
my mother you've never seen before so if
you've been watching my blogs since I
started them you will see that I was
with my little sister and she went off
to Tennessee because she got a football
scholarship and I haven't seen her for
about two weeks now but we are on skype
so there she is how you dead it's so
nice to skype you for so long it's been
so yeah very
skid isn't it mmm and you're having fun
very much fun it's very hot yeah there's
Heidi ah look at that looks like
actually remember T and the blog today
so yet again sorry apologies yesterday I
wasn't ready with it but yeah so thank
you so much by the way for like your
advice like I asked a question about
where I should live or move to like
Brighton LA or London and I didn't
realize how there's like 6000 7000
comments or something from you guys
advising me and sharing your thoughts
and stuff which is pretty cool um so
it's nice to know that I have you there
to ask advice for it start ah yeah
anyway enough deep conversations I am
gonna go to bed in a minute after
watching some suits because I need to
catch up on season three and tomorrow's
fun bake some hanging out my buddy Tom
we're gonna be playing basketball and
stuff like that so should be good l
seals tomorrow yeah see you little butt
butts tomorrow bar
