good thing I Troy I'm all good on your
shit I'm taking a very sad state accept
but just that I needs to yeah
like and rudabeh also mean Troy are just
having some quality laptop time right
now the meantime let's see middle school
because some of the guests leave in the
Big Brother house
Josephine my man good bye social
services those like virtually when is
very kids we both really get along
haha Philomath is it have safe flights
your buncha balance there are viewers
outside our house how did they get here
so yeah woohoo so now meeting so I need
to fix my video because it's my stop and
I'm really stressing on cry I just want
to see him cry I could fix in an hour
ago
look this is what I need to fix but it's
not working I am driving where we go we
are going to Chipotle Chipotle Chipotle
Anya Rory go mad Wow
Tyler has a message for everybody so
yesterday's vlog that Markus put up I
was on top of Marcus doing a little bit
of emotion and all of you kind of got a
little bit of miler feelings from it but
I just need to say I was not doing that
for miler feels it's just the optimal
way for me to do my hair and I was doing
my hair and
it was just caught on camera so we've
just come out from spot of lunch to
Chipotle because it's like Troy's
favorite restaurant online it's pretty
standard but I'm pretty easygoing so did
you enjoy your Chipotle yes very much so
Marcus bought me lunch and cleared my
food at the end of the lunch I think I
think there was a date and tie it was
just that Tyler was just third wheel in
the way don't comfort Milan talkes I'm
told harder than you talk
what daily vlogging
on you just the worst driver in the load
we're driving you a fucking piece again
so we're just having a bit of blacktop
club time right now I'm half if you're
editing my video my main channel video
which you guys will be able to see by
the time you're watching this probably
hopefully so link will be in description
make sure you go check outs it's the
collaboration of Conor we are on our way
to the One Direction concert and have
you ever seen him following no your
other left I actually don't know then I
Troy have you seen them for not in real
life and Tyler's we never seen a full
show I've done them at the VMAs better
for one punch one song right one song oh
my god
Tyler's wind is going to be blow no and
those intended enough
me
where we go real ones
it's right this form so we have just
arrived at the function and on our way
in now so
Oh sir Moya
are you into
oh yeah
finally boys things like this don't
happen to people from wanna go oh I'm in
one direction just so popular look how
many people came out see him today
whoa look what those people so hey uh my
joke it's the end of the show it was
incredible what an eventful night that
was that was literally unreal like it
was so overwhelming and like the crowd
was literally singing to us it was
amazing
and now we're back at the flat well
house me Tyler and Louie and we're all
everything we are literally just like
nerding it up Lauren world is 10 plus 3
in the morning I have just finished
editing my main channel video which is
out today of connoisseur linked and let
make sure you go check it out as well as
well haven't even entered this book yet
which is fantastic so yeah first of all
you haven't ended in bed but the sofas
good map I think I
