hello there how you doing I think I'm
gonna go for a lovely morning swim again
a morning swim me and Louie are on a
little adventure today I have to film a
video for somebody not my channel which
I can't say anything about yet but
you'll find that in the meantime so
we've just been a little mission already
had to go to FedEx to pick up the
package and now we're gonna head off to
Venice Beach wolf because Louie's
clearly helped them film it for me and
then after we filmed it I think we're
gonna go for a cheap little skate you
literally cannot fall LA's right now do
you think you could ever live here
permanently
do you think it's difficult like
obviously I'm nematic and unlike living
ever at Mike's but here this one place
weather-wise and like people and
lifestyle in LA I could I could I think
I could I could move here but not I
think I could live here only maybe like
2 or 3 months a year I don't know if I
could do the whole full-time living here
maybe over that the British winter I
could migrate
yeah migrate here and then let's pick
off the time man so I me and Louie have
just arrived down at Venice Beach where
we're gonna be filming this video and
I'll try and maybe show you a little
clip or two and see how a young boomers
got in pretty well so far all I'm gonna
say is it involves dancing and we've
been getting our dance on with a few
other people
yes Marcus what love about Venice is
just how random it is like there is a
guy on rollerblades playing his guitar I
mean how does that even come about but
you do you man you do anything
so we finished the video now now we go
out Penny's pick them off but now we're
gonna head up for a little skate on
Venice Beach
this is pennyboard heaven the shot
got my smoothie which makes me happy and
now I am heading back into the house and
she'll have some videos and stuff so
this movie's actually called The
Hangover even though I'm not hungover
whatsoever but it sounded so good it's
got mango peach and pineapple in our
absolutely love mango so stupid table
why I'm kinda concerned about this Lodge
currently having a little cheesy
youtuber orgy in this room we've got
zoella and we've got Joseph sake you
also have Thatcher's roofs we've got Jim
down here Jim Lee uh Jimmy Lancaster
we've got Troye Sivan who is the on
social life he's off his head
a memory good Tommy bear he thinks she
can do people's makeup and we have me
who is ya we have come down to the
counter Doug that's why this decision to
get some burgers what did you get fired
up I got a delicious veggie burger be
where Kevin
Troy is really upset with his onions
guys this price of I've I've taken over
the market spot this long because he
can't be bothered so I was told to tell
me what all bunch of new people arrived
here King Jack I'm looking right now
Tanya I'm very new at this yeah he was
already here and he's ready yeah Louise
here Louie and everyone and Finn and
lucky but but the lazy time for a late
night Jacuzzi sessions yeah we survived
we got the hot tub working it's been
broken for like two days but we got it
working
oh it's very hot very hot
well it's been another fun night in L a
hot tub was farm just cool chair with
some peeps it's our second to last night
tonight so you know just try and relax
have fun and yeah tomorrow I think it's
just gonna be a bit more chilled and
then Friday I'm going sir
and so OC y'all pretty faces tomorrow
bye
