yeah morning sexuals I look like a piece
of ice because I've just got a bet but I
thought I'd come down and go for a nice
morning swim just being from morning
swim and now we're gonna go to the beach
beach that's good get away they say what
you're gonna say
anyway we are going to the beach Malibu
beach and we're gonna have some fun fun
hey dude dive dive in come on dive
dude oh yeah that's that all right Danny
and the crowd go wild suspense that was
impressive who do you want to thank you
know your speech so we are heading down
to the beautiful Malibu beach for the
day when I was here in LA for like a
month about a month ago I was going to
Malibu beach like every four days it's
the most beautiful beach in the world so
we're all heading there now and it's
gonna be fun we're gonna be surfing and
playing some beach volleyball and just
having fun in this
Malibu beer
so we've just arrived at Zuma Beach
finally after an absolute mish right now
Louie is trying to beat some seagulls so
it's just placing chips and some little
bit of course it will all right there
you go
one's got it already there you go trust
Louie to chase them away Troy's already
on social life in the last moment really
unsociable hi Troy this Beach is
thanks guys it's been a pretty long day
and I'm now back in bed which again it's
my usual placement in the vlog um so
yeah we've got back from our meal and
everyone is now just or
sleeping or just having fun and stuff so
yeah I decided Kate's bed because I have
got a pretty hectic long day tomorrow so
I will see your little faces tomorrow
bye
