Oh yo Yahoo yeah um so first day in LA
and we are just heading off to get some
groceries in the house and by we I mean
the people in the car including the
camera so yeah we'll keep you updated as
the day progresses I underestimate how
hard shopping is for ten people is like
we aren't even halfway through and on
Tralee is already full
without our sickness monotonous always
y'all 20 literally look at it already
like everything we yet we have to climb
that's why like we've all come shopping
and we've each bought around stuff I
didn't really want any food for the trip
louise has just got some cokes and
drinks Troy doesn't want anything
and look how unhealthy and look at
marketers this is just Marcus's guys so
all of that is just yours the lollipops
I made myself a cheeky little healthy
lunch got my pizza bread got my
strawberries and raspberries and a few
little Pringles so jealous right now the
boys are just down hanging by the pool
but I can't join them because I am
filming a collaboration video with a
subtle one that you'll see in a minute
look who I'm here we're having yes
before I spin this around have a yes
unless they can probably already see a
good so we are filming a cheesy
collaboration video is very cheap
unfortunately I'm not gonna tell you
anything about it so you just gonna have
to be in wait and see really someone is
gonna get wet those were only gonna say
we have now finished both of our videos
and I was pretty happy with how they
weren't what do you think yeah I think
they're all gonna be hilarious and so I
don't know when they're gonna be coming
out but sometime in the beautiful
modulus it could be next week it could
be too easy could be four months yeah
there's not that Hemet stay tuned
slightly embarrassing things just
happened which I noticed um so I bought
these shorts probably about a month ago
um I've just the I still get the
labeling good well Marcus
it's testing out these wort ones right
now citizen handsome head
hey well I just wanted to test that they
worked we all going off for dinner of
like 17 people so that's gonna be
interesting
doing eat my camera Connors got a very
spicy meal on mo shares they're really
spicy he's finally given me his Chilean
of his childhood
mano all in one spot when it's raw it's
more like all those other seeds
yeah oh sorry
what youtubers do am I bored
we're all gonna play a game who can keep
that milk in their mouth the longest you
don't know you're confident between your
teeth
I think it's safe to say that every
single person sitting in this corner
absolutely stinks of garlic I don't
think I do I only had 40 cloves of
garlic oh yeah is really cool man and
now we're just gonna meet him and I felt
like like burning one of us
how are you guys feeling for our little
trip I'm so excited I just love being
out of the Sun oh wait sir I mean I love
being outside in the LA just experience
now yeah you love it oh I think could
you know my Livia yeah yeah yeah it's
hectic a yeah holy drew just has
this thing where he just goes yeah what
the is that
Lou Lou he this and we're back in bed I
really need to start getting some sleep
like literally the past four nights as
I've had like six hours sleep for us
leave for us leave for our sleep which i
think is an explanation for why my voice
is so just so I just feel a bit like
drain and stuff nevertheless hey hope
you enjoyed this vlog um and tomorrow is
gonna be exciting because we've got like
a long fun beach day and stuff so that
should be good
yeah okay I'm now gonna edit this and
upload it overnight so I'll see your
sexy faces tomorrow
