hello beautiful sexy people look at
those guns yeah
your art is very hot in UK right now and
I own says a lot lower decks from the UK
we don't have air conditioning obviously
in the UK so when you're inside you have
to wear as little clothing as possible
I'm not going to be native because
Matt's best that beer is I was naked
what we're gonna say no what do you say
so you both get naked then at least
we're both in a nice temperature no
nothing sexual urges what a nice sit
open is yerba mate in bosses that's
weird
yep that's weird that's your change in
room this is out of choice just sit
there in what I are gonna wear my
Barcelona shows a show I want
you rooting why would you do that you
paint with law so it's like nice and the
nice fabric I just winged convincing
those you're sad about me you showed on
a printer in the vlog why didn't anyway
today guys we are going to be taking
part in a game in a YouTube challenge
it's going to be a guest be youtuber I
love doing these theories you guys
absolutely love it and we've come up
with a brilliant little game so that yo
I'm saying it you know what it is in the
bloody start of the video
guess the youtuber by their singing
voice a lot of youtubers have some some
youtubers have hidden talents as singers
I obviously don't and we're going to be
playing those or he's going to claim
those and I'm going to be asking them
and you are as well so hit it for three
times to the viewers and not that your
your singing voice why kind because
because not nice don't listen to
these are the units I've made them
something I'm in charge it's on I'm a
chart success is that Miranda refer
into key favor gates that that goes to
 the beginning but that Joey that
speaks at the end nothing the outfit and
again i speaking you don't talk like
this annoying got there
stop it the display the beginning but it
was she's crying
an American yes there will be three ends
there was a guy the next clip is a guy
speaking no oh well Martin to go yes
play just abuse just the baguette please
ending don't be annoying honestly don't
know so I thought it'd be amazing this
challenge clean it's not clean she can
sing so great no no nice always great so
he's American and go yet
jenna Marbles no
ah
no way can she sing a pinche channel
why should she do everything I hate you
Liza I don't know so much Casper Casper
does cats with action Owen and then it's
not no it's Casper
Oh whose UFO well it doesn't matter but
it right
no what insolence is two people okay no
yeah you play again
is it youtuber yeah Tyler no oh it's Joe
oh my god oh wait I'll show you why it's
very hard to navigate how I didn't ease
up shouting this one is so hard I'm
trying to think first of the person
speaking
yeah mainly okay I don't recognize how
vision but the person singing is
youtuber again I have no idea this is so
hard - woman no great yes a day for your
normal get on the ambush and yet all
right setting pegue mailing it taco
two out of three job area
a local hit that no again non-void one
more time yeah is it Superman
yeah are you joke and before that's
supermarket Oh like you and now thank
you
here the same way to what I know it is
she could saying neither died I really
think all I could get the touch Iran by
the way Jerry receta that with yet you
get a stick for that not me make my wish
come true all I want for Christmas is
you
that was just
thank good there's in it when the whole
like this clicks good steps we can do
that when you I don't hate it when you
do like ma you yeah
here what you get again when I find
either saying my voice is breaks dirt
here in China you try my karaoke Monty
word I'm not saying what you get you
Ramona get back in book with remain
cavity we're going to fall that line is
it English American and that the gabbie
show yeah I just wanted for my own why
you could have them now I was going to
say are limited in realtor so yeah that
was really all good we're at VidCon we
walk into a lift and in the lift was
like Scotty toddy from David's vlog so
I'm like printed tight tight with
because we did job Andrea Russett I know
Zayn was in there from Davis blog Gabi
was in there and I go and like it was
like fidget spinner inception I walk in
everyone's doing Peter spinner and we
get out and close but talking to me
block me didn't hang and we get out on
your like she knows when I was like be
Jonah kick so do you not know who any of
them one you don't know
like Cygnus just decided to happen to a
Christmas carol Betty Jo may not know no
not jamming economy no I gave that to
you all about how my life got twist
turned upside down and I'd like to take
a minute just sit right there say I
became the Prince of a town called
bel-air
I chosen rapping what so it's just a
singer I know rapper I would go on
if I only got one wrong why have you got
the live version that's um digital it is
yeah I was there wearing it yeah yeah I
know he is but can you also play the
original I wanna hear this whoa let me
hire DJ definitely not of your music
paste that's kind of person I think
we've said this on the podcast which
gives me a time to plus the podcast we
have a podcast here we would lower your
expectation it's amazing we chat a load
of random obviously trying to find
this song click the top in description
you can go listen to it for free it's
out every single Monday go subscribe
give us some comment yeah one of the
stories from that was that Matt once
told me he's got bigger weird music
tastes and when he used to be the person
in charge of the iPod at parties his
music would always get turned off they'd
always change his iPod someone else's
I'm so annoyed look Ricky fiddler this
is such a charm
it's like jay-z and kid in the video and
stuff you don't even know Kate think
here Indian every I'll give of what I
don't give a squat squat cocaine so I've
met jay-z the June Jason me that so
 awesome so awkward oh my
god
yeah when we're in the gym and VidCon JC
Saturdays JC training next me and shoes
must him and I was like Casey I was like
Casey and all you think is key and njz
sorry I know it's that Louie yeah doing
some freaking Disney songs information
this is no headphone challenge or / liar
because he can actually say I know you
see what I'm doing everything I grab a
microphone and hit their money makers
days come out these are babies okay so
UW systems out there isn't a shame
dolphins are are like a nice place super
love that's onslaught guys against on
you didn't even know who was on that
came out yes I mean so yeah and you did
watch huge yes
running out of time hope that I can say
this son yes I'm not yet I don't know
but I bought this song if I had super
pounds
how am i missin ya five hundred thousand
thirty up saves me no fear the hero is
here hold my shame fine boy
Tyler it's the like bowl in the
background when Aviva drum sounds a life
okay let's just make a song who's the
person I kiss baby same thing they can
really sing immaculate here is they sing
is not my prey it's not a Janoskians
no tonight I'll struggle them don't want
to hear again no don't give it away
today American no English yeah they big
or small that's a big play again Donna
fit yeah guys you gotta play a lot P
said they're not singers by trade but uh
anyways a singer I see your eyes are
open when the skies for me come into the
open
play again both of us are who didn't
like it
the and good hi welcome class things
alone right kind of why standard looking
at fill the whole time feel just so
amazed if not so I only got one wrong
yeah yeah lot no dinner I'm just giving
you three guesses I am talented yeah I
really hope you enjoyed that I was
really fun to film if you want part to
leave suggestions on who we should use
the videos who else or someone YouTube
in the comments below
and yet video puzzles enjoyed it
subscribe if you're new kick you won't
understand there and I will see you guys
tomorrow because I upload every day yo
so see you then P stop
