what up what up what up how y'all doin
I've got a main stage performance later
on today which is gonna be amazing
I hope people turn up which I guess
you'll find out later on in this blog
because it's ball a thinks he's so cool
right you know take over the one we're
gonna go and head down to the convention
center and see a what spot
so that was pretty intense we just
wanted to kind of wander around and say
hi but I don't think that can really
happen so we're now heading back for our
rehearsals for the mainstage later on
today hey guys I was just hitting the
trousers some quite well you can
describe them no I would say very small
camo print I did see you there Marcus
you were like Hayden and he's tucked
them up at the bottom I think they're
extremely cool we are on our way we are
knowledge we are these areas Marcus
Marcus can I have a kiss
in our next collab on my channel I just
feel like running around because it's
such a big empty room we've got it all
to ourself
I just like to say thanks so much for
coming out this is a really appreciate
us was just finished I went pretty well
so we should be a whole good for our
show later but I can't predict that is
gonna go well we just really hope it's
gonna go well I don't really know why I
know the worst that song cuz I actually
really don't like to chains but that's
the only sunrise because all he raps
about he's like yeah sitting in my bed
got my duvet cover on pick up the remote
switch and watch subscribers yeah work
at Troy so Jack just helped this a
fabulous idea he thinks that he can walk
into the convention centre dressed like
this and no one will know who is where
did you get the goggles from did you
bring the guy pull them out to swim well
I so let's see a little walk them but we
are walking up towards the main stage
now for our performance I'm actually
pretty nervous now I didn't think I was
gonna be but
pre mainstage chill how you doing you
having fun I'm really nervous
I love VidCon 2013 and I think you are
all amazing I love big mod 2013 and I
said y'all are amazing
I love VidCon 2013 I think y'all are
amazing
one wise that was honestly in the same
light
I had no idea that be that much
you so amazing you're so interactive and
it was so much fun so thank you so much
for coming and I hope we came across how
you come across so thank you so much we
are always just dinner
what yeah it's like special comic
namaste Ben again again being a
scientist no kid enough to keep plugging
throughout the day
pretty good question okay Mike hey Jack
my way
here we have maha these he's sleeping
like a baby you can see his legs because
that car flies here comes a wild Jim but
she was approached he's going to make
this is the mating call of the British
huge so I'm back in bed again which
seems to be the general outcome of these
looks but it was good night I had a lot
fun it was cool to hang out of like
loads of youtubers especially ones I
haven't seen for ages and it was all
pretty insane but it was good fun so
yeah I will see y'all sexy faces
tomorrow
