what I've what up what up with your sexy
face um so I've just go cannot well I
haven't just woken up actually I've got
jet lag which is a bitch so I've been
awake since 6:00 a.m. this morning yeah
and I'm really hyper
I have no reason one wiper um so I've
been lying in my bed for like an hour
and I don't really know what to do
myself so I was like yeah let's go to
the gym because that's a good view so so
I'm now heading off to get some
breakfast I'm gonna be meeting Tanya Jim
Joe and Louise maybe and Don so be a
nice little British breakfast I'm
wandering along and as you have these
sort of thoughts in your head about
random stuff I've been thinking what
would be my favorite place to go to in
the world because I'm doing a lot of
traveling at night I've been to a hell
of a lot of places but there's still so
much for the world that I want to go to
for example I really want to go to
Mauritius and who's so Saint Lucia
and the mood is but hey that's just me
so question for you guys
it is sorry stopping in car there where
would you like to go and in the world if
you could choose anywhere to go in the
world where would you like to go though
answer we are and I hope we hop we I'm
hot we are in my heart yeah yeah monkey
pop up on the track and we're here the
whole little gang isn't that nice
yeah
but if you get free continuing this is
more Marcus also known as the close up
interface how's your Glossop it's Jeff
yeah good it looks so nice he's so nice
that's a nice huh yeah it fits on your
really big hand like yeah it's perfect
oh my god this guy is making a Pluto
balloon and if anyone knows bluto's
military my favorite isn't what did you
guys enjoy breakfast that's nicer than
air yeah guys I think I'm gonna go to
the gym
someone fight over there
oh yeah I've been in the room for like
the past hour and a half
filming Friday's new video which wait is
that yeah that actually makes it today
so there is a new video out today on my
main channel so I'll be a link just
there so make sure you go check that out
if you haven't seen it already
so I finally finished filming now which
is pretty cool uh I'm here to meet the
boys
Finn's hopping around like that Jack
looks like a two-year-old Joe's like
yeah I want to be like a fitness model
Alfie's like just like yeah what up I
got a big head
I'm wheels just like yeah I'm just part
of the career
you just wanted to go register with it
so look who I just ran into on this
little level some chairs though look
what you didn't even tell me you just
like you just stopped thanks Joey so
Jim's got this really nice book that
he's gonna do any movie star I always
honor so we have now decided to come to
dinner in Downtown Disney and of course
wait where's your where's the meet up
tomorrow yeah
this place is pretty cool
I'm there's a rainbow whatever though
we're over that right boy rainforest Wow
how fitting
already
we've just ended up in a historic at me
that's up get your hats out so again
this vlog has ended with me ending it in
my bed I think it's because I get so
excited for out the day and I'm like
vlogging everything and then I get so
tired because of yet that cannot like
screw it I'll just forget it and then
I'm like oh my god I'm lying in bed I
have to finish this vlog so yeah again
goodbye from my bed and I'll see your
little faces tomorrow
