good morning first day of VidCon yeah
I've just got our bed again but I'm
gonna head to the gym cuz you know
feeling all proactive and stuff so yeah
good morning we're heading down to the
gym I'm us about what Jack and Finn and
Joe my man
so we're gonna go so we were waiting for
a lift but turns out which is can even
step in a house baby yeah this is the
stairs guy yes you don't think we're
lost right now I'd like the back areas
of the hotel not really sure where we're
going
that's the tumbler kefir feeling nice
and refresh off for that gym session
absolutely kill myself so now we're just
going to check out the pool shake that
ass shake that ass shake that shit shake
that ass we're in a taxi on our way to
lunch and please pull over
let's zoom in on their faces so I think
the decisions be made that we're gonna
go for lunch cheesecake and we offer the
lunch sighs right
we just bumped into
this is an underarm spin into Louie's
mouth I'm sorry Joseph your body to tell
you that we're going in 20 minutes
where you going now guys just broken the
lid it's my time first card
so we just ordered a hot dog and it
looks more like they've just come cheap
voices it's low we didn't actually end
up going go buying in the end it was all
just a bit intense and stuff now we're
gonna meet up with our babes Jim Tania
and Tyler and do some shoes Tyler has
like the funniest /cs little walk from
behind just like his little legs go but
D littlewolf
when he's in a little hurry he does this
little strap how's it going how's it
going so we've just ordered some
Sanger's all right and they come in this
huge glass and then you go to get your
straw around it's like oh yeah oh that's
the smallest straw oh how are you man I
get to the bottom not like a daily
vlogger
finally reunited with how long have you
been here I've been here since last
night oh yeah thanks American flag I was
about to say good I might good I might
there's Troy over there Mike how you do
it sure I like the quality on your
camera he's gonna steal the leather
oh my god we're fucked rebels like in
the road what would have happened if
that was a cop no what what would they
have done something
it wasn't CBI second-screen skirt Oh
first day in LA is done I also have a
really weird feeling that we're gonna be
seeing a lot of each other with me
ending my vlogs in bed um so I hope you
guys are okay with that but yeah so
first days done it was really fun really
tiring and now I'm gonna go catch some
Z's so we'll see y'all sexy faces
tomorrow
