you just go up this is my bet hat for
those of you that don't know because why
would you know because none of you would
have seen me get a better look at the
English weather how we lost all someone
right
work it very good work yeah that's
probably what I should be doing instead
I look a little bit like I'm wearing a
bin bag back in the car with big sigh
big sigh he's kind of giving me a lift
to go and get my haircut before I fly
off to LA just muchly for America and
I'm never going to see my sister again
well I am but not for a while so Heidi
hello we can Skype and stuff yeah Mike
why isn't like three hours and I'm going
in the airport yet so little bit of
stress
my father inside - rich and rich in
Buffalo there he is nice how you did
that
and I get thank you
yeah it's horrible isn't it so that's
what that you know the way I think about
this trip is gone is that this time last
year I went to VidCon for the first ever
time when I was in big climb I had
between 30 and 40 thousand subscribers
a year sponsor on since then I'm now
ever like 1.2 million how much has
changed and it's impressive you guys
thank you so much
well its thinnest tunnel in the world
that you can drive through just left the
dirt now it's time to catch a fly
currently just sat in the airport about
to upload my first ever daily vlog and
I'm pretty nervous about it so I hope
you guys enjoy that just landed off to a
12-hour flight and that felt like more
like 24 hours so absolutely shattered
it's like for Nicola now but on my way
Hotel so big gone
look who's just arrived to my buddy mark
oh my god oh my god you scared me so
much and then if we just go in the
middle here
yeah me and Joe who's over here and
we're kind of like trying to put this
light on us because I know so Joe's the
light mountainous blog but we're on our
way to the hotel they don't really know
one just plug in F darkness but hey guys
that's why I've chose the vlogs there so
I should just stand in bed oh yeah
chosen the husband there it's so hard
what was that that's like a little
that's a next week oh we came down cold
my hair nice stay there we'll close upon
your eyebrow now that's good smile of
Kate's coming alcoholic see right so
we've just got to Louise's room at well
Louisa Zoey's room and Louise has some
weird little game self Alfie Oh Jo's
blonde comment of the day was really
through the in dining menu and was what
was it Jo is it it's free just wrong hey
you know we do have shrimp in England
there you find in your pond so we order
some room service and the longer that
room service came a whole table
literally a whole table that they just
wheeled in I'm now in bed after a
extremely long tiring day if 12-hour
flight lots of traveling lots of seeing
people and stuff so sorry if today
hasn't been as eventful she hoped it'd
be but I'm gonna be here in LA for like
eight days so I hope they'll be putting
out some new content for you guys then
so I'll see your little sex places
tomorrow
