hello do I say hello on this channel
what up hello sexuals hi tell me the
comments what you want me to introduce
my videos with because hello might be a
bit too much but that might just be me
just getting some stuff together before
I head off to a meeting after meeting
and after meeting yet currently stuck in
traffic which sucks because I hate it
yeah right so just finish my meeting
with my buddy Sam who you've never seen
and I didn't school of him so this is
say hello how you doing Sam
yeah doing well good productive meetings
very good and we're now gonna go for a
bite to eat
this is maida I'm a friend
the very nice and his little seat so
we're gonna grab some food so we gain
speed to express and I went for the
health option on a salad we have some
bottom rope
could you go for Sam I've got the
pepperoni peeps at my favorite made-up
be some sort of pizza mix trying to be
healthy but I can't get away from the
pizza
so I'm now gonna go buy fridge with my
stepdad to go and put in his flat that
him and my mom have been and doing on
for the past couple of months so this is
my stepdad his name Simon say hi Simon
hi everyone so yeah that's probably the
first time you seen him get you move
around
we're going disapprove right that's
you're pretty nice view from it Nene
wants to be the London Eye but is good
this camera is a love story I'm probably
live view inside window
I'm terrible with the ry but Simon knows
a hell of a lot one ID say hes too much
the work job numero goodnight done for
the day
Phil Danny man off the end of the other
way time point daily dosage of Diet Coke
I do try my best to be healthy but I
cannot resist a diet coke I think I'm
addicted to it let me know what you guys
are ready to do in the comment seeing
that we're out or about one a day of
missions we've also decided that I
should go and pick up my hair but I've
seen as I haven't been there in like
months now have been in America so
bitterly got a whole set work stuff and
it's ridiculously heavy trying to take
it back to the car now
yeah so heavy so that is gonna be open
when I'm back from America from VidCon
in a video on this channel so staging it
your bikes out get your bike sir I can
zoom so far far it's such a stalker work
get
and homeboy so I mean have a good cycle
am I the only one who absolutely hates
packing I'm trying to sort myself out
for VidCon now because I'm going
tomorrow
and all I've got is a load of shoes in
the case and then just some stuff there
some lovely scenic shots of England for
you lovely I feel like the whole of my
day has pretty much been spent in and
out of cars today I'm now with my little
sister Heidi who most of you have
probably seen before on my main channel
say hi Heidi how you doing
so Heidi as some of you may know I
actually leaves to go to America for
four years which is not your football
scholarship to go and play at Tennessee
so how you feel now about pretty nervous
about the five other than that girl
waiting yeah I'm gonna miss her a lot
actually but it gives me an opportunity
to go out to America and visit her so if
you're in Tennessee or around that area
I expect to see your sexy faces then
missile why if we taste your phone okay
more
you know like this'll
one day
started from the bottom now we're here
started from oh you're gonna miss me by
near in America Heidi yeah I'm sure I
will I think you're gonna miss me more
there with the amount of lift sending in
the cleaning idea Rory hey come on
I'll give you well we're gonna start
normally yeah it's a shame that I can
have started daily bugs out here now our
height is going to be like from the
other side of the world this is Bailey
who you may have seen from minutes to
grab now don't eat that it's a leaf no
and then you'll be sick no Bailey stop
yo max I'm so bad at y'all camera get
that out of my face y'all give me
just strut around and looking pretty and
stuff the things I do of my life and I'm
bored a spacey you can do this thing
when you breathe on my cap some reason
he loves it and he tries to climb inside
your mouth
very special brother
so my first ever day of vlogging has
come to an end I don't know what you
guys thought of it I hope you enjoyed it
if you did show me some love with a big
thumbs up and if you want me to continue
making these then let me know because I
had fun making it you know obviously I'm
showing you more of my life and
introducing you to other members of the
family and friends who you may have not
seen before and if they're cooler there
and I'm cool with it then hopefully
you're cool with it
my hair is a mess it's getting cut
tomorrow I'm also going to LA and I
really want to try this date book and
things so I hope you guys have somewhat
enjoyed it and I'll see you tomorrow
cross downs at a Western I'm wasting my
time
