hello I've had so many requests for this
so today I thought I'd show you how I do
my hair now just go out the shower so my
hair is quite literally soaking wet so
the first thing you need to do is dry
your hair with the towel
so my hair is now towel dried this is
the next thing I do okay so the first
thing I put in is something called got
to be sexy big volume mousse I think
it's pretty girly but that's a bit
too much rub it into my hands and then
put it through yeah look in that sexy
well you reckon some new look would you
reckon I'll quite like this you look
nice
yes I'll put that in rub that all in and
then straight after that I put in
something called KMS california hair
play then but that much again did you do
in and now it's time to dry my hair
there you go all nice and blown
everywhere so now all like do is go and
put some more hair product in so here we
are back in the bathroom
now I put some actual wax in my hair and
what I use is a super fish fish paste to
get about that much rub it into my
little pounds pants palms take sometimes
Robyn so my hands look nice and maybe
like we just had a bit of an accident
but then I just literally straight
through the hair through the fringe
through the back and then just sort of
fill it about with it till I'm done so
maybe something a little bit like that
of course wise just to make sure that it
stays in place I use a little bit of
hairspray so that's my chest infection
kicking it in my mouth doesn't taste
very nice I wouldn't eat it but ladies
and gentlemen is how I do my hair again
this has probably gone way over one
minute I'm sorry for that if that's
annoyed you because I said that one
minute vlogs make sure you leave
suggestions for my next vlog in the
context on below and and they do there I
posted there's a new main channel video
the other day called
I don't understand boy so I'll leave a
link at the end of the video to see that
other than that I'll see you sexy people
very soon I actually done this whole
video in my boxers I don't know why
because if I had a shower just didn't
bother putting trails is on but I don't
know if you can try it don't know if you
can even see that bye so instead of
maybe getting their hair cut they have a
twitch going on the whole time
