hello welcome back to my 1-minute vlogs
kind of thing I've got a bit of a beard
going on if you can see it a little bit
of stubble haven't shaved for a couple
of days but I think you guys will be
right that um today's topic which I
offer in for the comments I'm going to
talk about is American girls verse
British girls um now that had like 500
thumbs up or something ridiculous I I
don't really look at someone and go ah
she's British or ah she's American but
in terms of like personality what I find
with American people is that they are
not just girls just American people they
are always really really kind and
friendly and willing to help you whereas
British people they really kind of just
rude all the time not everyone obviously
but when I go traveling in America
everywhere I go everyone's like oh my
god he Margot more not hey Marcus
because they don't know and like in
shops and stuff in America when I walk
in they're always like hey how you doing
you having a good day
something like that whereas in England
you just don't get that but in terms of
like features I don't really think
there's any difference between British
girls and American girls
I may be completely wrong but that's
just my opinion I think everyone is just
wonderful that's your one minute
probably more than month in hit with
Marcus I'll see you next time
postal your suggestions down there for
what you want to see me talk about next
time bye
