hello this is my second channel which
some of you probably a lot of you didn't
even know I had because I've had it for
ages but I never upload on it but I came
up with this really good idea the other
day to do sort of like one minute daily
vlogs every other day so the reason
toniest is because it's gonna involve
you guys massively I would basically
love for you to leave me suggestions and
then I talk about them in a video so for
example if you wanted to leave
suggestions in the comments about
x-factor or fishes in a pond or so I
don't know whatever I would find the
best thumbs-up whatever and talk about
them I thought that'd be quite fun so if
you can leave your suggestions in the
comment section down there also read
through and thumbs up if you think it's
good I'll have a reef route and then
I'll do one minute vlogs on them if you
think it's a good idea if you think is a
good idea then give me a like so that I
can tell if not then I don't know but
yeah let's see what happens
