hello so I went to my p.o box every day
and I've yeah you've got a ridiculous
amount of stuff from you want people
okay package number one your fan book is
finally here two markers love Ellie I
like this Saturday buy flowers so that
there's pretty coat looks pretty awesome
so far I can't fan for Marcus
Robbie's wow this is actually like
incredible - Marcus Butler lots of love
from Ellie Ashford I'll give you a quick
flip through that each page has got
something individual on it light that is
actually amazing I don't even know but I
don't know what to say
each page is like a different person and
it's got their name at the bottom so oh
my god they've actually amazing look
stuff in this one so let's wipe this
open Wow what we got here okay we have
got heyhow obviously obviously obviously
a month like amazing it's use diverges
oh I wonder if it makes my hair go pink
next thing this bill was very solved
what help fantastic lots of a marked
impact which is why I really really love
getting those like hairy okay right
wow wow wow wow right how'd I look it is
like wow so this is like a silhouette
drawing hey that's a made you've drawn
silhouettes this is actually amazing so
thank you so much mr. Kamath oh that's
so cool any particular reason you went
chose to go large Tabitha is it because
I have a big bum is that maybe why but
thank you for that anyway dear mark so
here's a little video I've made you hope
you like it that is so sweet
that is so cute I'm gonna play that
straight off of this on my laptop I'm
just gonna take these off I'll leave
this on bond I take leave I probably
like in it absolutely twice right now
but you know oh my god that's what makes
you beautiful that is amazing
my eyes another fan way no no I'm not
doing that you know how much I love not
those you've even fool me enough this is
so good or an igloo
another package L&K can have sent me
some stickers and something in a lot of
bubble wrap which is always it we love
Marcus that's amazing guys thank you so
so much
right another big package of what's this
is amazing guys thank you two arrows you
can't go wrong with arrow like me and
out be on a canvas
oh that you guys have you give me a full
print out so this is foods from guys
maybe even give me two bracelets or put
them both on
now the package it looks like I've
actually been sent on a flipping cat so
far by I and a red bracelet up another
bridge of guys lots of now and love a
bit of now a bunch of mounts that is
amazing and a little cheap white
bracelet oh my god another bit of one
day I love that thank you very much
pretty this is a little silky bracelet
that's just down on my hand all
Clinton's cover as a picture of many
more good for exit sorry sorry thanks
inside is a handmade bracelet I'm
guessing there's a bracelet inside here
I've got some awesome stickers puff hug
off hug pot and go nuts
cool don't know in the brief is there's
not a break
I hate sellotape go away
good fantastic you know always good to
get st. condoms hair who met you and
this is crazy
here's a condom so me maybe safe
sex in brackets a smiley face archive
smile if you're a wanker I've awakened
five today fantastic
bye I am five today guys Santa's on his
sleigh terribly shocked this way today
Bilbao
I've been to Bilbao this is my lucky
voodoo me gusta to present yeah I like
your present I don't want present is in
Spanish so we just got yeah so like
always say God I can't sit here and read
every single left out to the camera as
much I'd love to do that it would be an
extremely long video so why did do
though before this videos I please read
opened all the letters and read every
single one and I want to just say right
now thank you so much for evenings like
wanting to send something for me
honestly the stuff you say is so so
sweet like it's really emotional but
seriously guys thank you so so much
so thank you Katie for your letter at a
cute little Winnie the Pooh and some
stickers from a man had a really nice
letter from Ariana
I think area and meatballs I had a
little cute letter and some guys sent me
their pictures this is Chloe and also
Mir so this letter was from Holly but
this was a really really sweet letter
this all mostly Chloe and a cool letter
since me with this little box will pop
up and that was from the Australian band
Vivian
another really nice letter from Cherry
Hill this was a letter that I got from
Taryn Oh Donald Terry
I hope that's right this made me laugh
and this was from a French viewer I
don't think had sent from France for a
really nice letter from Michele this is
from the new seat and the cool thing she
had he drew me and she did duley's for
healthy this is a cute little card like
you even got stickers on it and stuff
and that was from Stephanie this is a
really short but really cute little one
this is from a youtuber called smokey
truth I think that's how it's spelled
this murderer was for Holly dude this
was from Katy so a teacher was
everything that when she was like this
isn't a peep I really like black
felt-tip and how you did hot so this one
was from Tiffany so this is from Kate
and Louise like they've kind of cut it
out like in a really cool way that was
from Rihanna so thank you very much you
got a picture of us on there so so this
is from Katie from New York and she said
can I visit and I am definitely playing
two in the nation
yep just got some like tornado going on
this is really for day this is from
Laura if she drew this kilo picture
plant I've also got one away from New
Zealand and this is from Sarah and then
this one is from Rihanna and the fact
that it's a big picture of Pikachu just
makes even the right guys so first thing
that I want to say if you're watching
this and you think why it hasn't my mail
been opened
I actually honestly have filmed another
mail video and I filmed it maybe two
months ago and it's gonna sound really
really bad haven't go round to finishing
the Edit so I've got that all done I
just need to finish the Edit so I'm
going to basically edit that all and
you'll see it within a week so yes stay
tuned for that I honestly can't believe
how much stuff you guys sent me it's
absolutely crazy how I love it and I
love you for it so thank you so much for
that I think you know if this would be a
good good thing to end the video on me
dressing up in some of the stuff you
know I put some boxes on just gonna go
right ahead and yeah mm-hmm
there you go nice crotch shop there and
say we'll have a good way to end the
video but yes thank you guys so so much
for watching and I will see you on
Sunday bye
you
