hello beautiful sexy people happy
birthday it's your birthday today if
it's not your birthday it's just happy
day happy more martyrs day today's video
is going to be slightly interesting
because we're going to be taking a look
at a little secret I used to have I used
to have a character that I played on my
main channel
this female character a lot of you know
she's called Margaret just before we go
into like reacting to so we're gonna be
reacting to my old mongrel videos
because I mean specific videos as this
character I was trying to think about
how I first came up with the idea in it
because when I first started YouTube I
used to do my kind of type something get
people or like girls this will avoid
this and I do them all in this style of
camera and just change character I'd be
like when I supposed to do impression of
a girl I somehow just went into this
high pitch voice and that was what
started the character Margaret because
so many people would say hey like why
don't you use this voice and do shows
who actually is what's her name or
something think someone used to ask me
what's her name and I was like oh I
names Margaret's makeup and then it kind
of stuck with it so as far as I'm aware
the first official Margaret video I did
was a my morning routine parody
obviously a very popular video on
YouTube and I kind of just had fun with
it I guess I was having a bit of a dig
and making fun of that style of video
and I could do that with the character
rather than just being like myself and
trying to do it I portrayed it through
Margaret I don't know if I'm going to
find this funny or cringe or just stupid
just sheep it is very weird alright here
we go we're going straight in my morning
routine parody
so I still got so upstairs in my
cupboard is my Margaret bag I've got a
whole bag full Margaret still got those
socks yeah I remember just going to shop
and buy an item or outfit
I didn't really can we just go back
there for the character and playing my
why I shave my beard am i doing I'm
playing this girl and I've just got a
long beard also Margaret for a bit of
clarity was supposed to be kind of my
mother column I think get ready with
more yeah hundred wait I remember the
fact of a big breath of fresh air is so
important I don't have a teacher dye is
so stupid
say hello to minion Pluto oh hey many
visitors there are 13 I really hope I
haven't selfie time I like to take lots
of pictures every day just so that I can
keep the animals happy little break the
voice that this one I still love you
look at what Manoj without squat squat
in every day so I get pumped that I oh
yeah good throw it down Muhammad Ali's
doll then I'm not following my job are
my decisions because I didn't write I
just did it freestyle so I recorded the
whole video and then when I did the
voiceover I just played the video kind
of did it on Don spot so basically I'm
not very good at being funny on the spot
apparently and then it's time to
vibrator
oh no not that you can see people I like
to fly broke my body because it feels
good at a lab it like Perry from Kevin
Oh Perry sometimes you can have one or
two yummy pulsates ups fruits that's all
about the wall started kicking blow
everything
best nutrition fit amid rules analyst
Jetta
oh so it's tripod person long lots of
fun are okay today I've gone with a nice
summer dress
lovely shade of things
this madam can render famous rollers
that make my hair so curly I love those
props lemon making my way downtown
parking mr ended up hiring people on the
parole Ian Rush is very good thing that
you have the movie favorite years I've
been punched these ones in the eyes haha
and then like a through your straw
around the eyes trendy these days I hear
it's book she like I love a big push
Margaret buzzer look at me columns are
scary beautiful my keyboard in the main
thing I've just remembered when the
first time I was in like one of the
first times I did a video on the
handstand girls okay I found an early
Margaret video here we go called mothers
are annoying this is seven team of March
2013 so over four years ago when I was
having friends around wait time to have
the shampoo for my sexy dead people okay
yeah that's cool so then your friend
comes around and a seriously separate
that door mum was straight in the office
all right I would put I'm like okay mom
what back to this is very well first I
gain industry Omar Graham last years and
that was the first official Margaret
video then when there's a few definitely
a few more old videos one I don't know
if you guys even used to watch my videos
back then because they're four five
maybe even six years old when I first
went into that so yeah that was like the
first few clips moving into it then we
had the parody that we just watched and
then I started to do like Margaret
specific videos where I was talking I
remember I think I think this is my
first one was talking she even called
Margaret's spring hall and bath routine
but I've told you guys about it
oh sorry ha
yeah I remember I got really annoyed
about this because look how did it right
look at this Cup there's Margaret's bag
on the table behind me bottom like the
big pink blurry thing next when it cuts
off this is gone
cuz I obviously dressed as Margaret Oh
Marcus maybe maybe but nothing did the
camera did I might try something you
know inside
I'm just being shopping voice operator
please yeah yeah they're coming a
mininet by that guy Doosan sprinkle
doesn't show you my god full tournament
enemy station maybe could be a girl
she's my favorite sure I'm not the
runner okay so I'd rather lose the
robotic enough I even got a little bit
low cutting but below couples if I'm
growing my hair here to show up guys me
yeah so worried about you Amazon Boris
time for behind here now you can get
ugly to turn your arm spins and you have
a mid-term iPod and they're one of my
favorite orange an orange like ha
some nice American Megan celebrity now
so when I go get the sound of her voice
is doing my head in
but I want to get to I remember I did a
little yeah a little fashion show get
ready for it
Oh watch your Papa Lohmann wellies oh
 my life imagine my kids watching
this one day I'm honestly the voice is
doing my head in
I'm sorry right we've got another video
called how to look like Katy Perry is
this Margaret yeah I feel like I did I
felt like I did it yeah I did this in
the character of Margaret by Karim this
video after to be honest oh hello
everybody I'm a little bit nervous
because I'm just working out I've got my
makeup on so sorry
this is not funny at all I like to fill
myself playing anyway I'm very excited
because as you can see I think we
defense is quite funny with Margaret
viola uploaded used to get a load of
love like a lot of lights compared to
other videos but also quite a lot of
dislike to our hand end I put a wig on
didn't I I'm really good one of these
days with papas oh this is what makes a
drunk man well there we go very very sad
but nothing like a fairy Katie must be
very proud Oh marks will be back he's
just imposed a bite the boys are calm
and the boys have enough any Margaret
videos recently like at all
you have the mamantov recently was I
think she was British types people on
planes and she was in that just as a
character again and one of the sketches
that's there any times have done redone
something with her 13 I'll fear about
her honest she feels bit distant she
feels like she's gone missing you know
and like I don't know forget applied
very good
I'm truly I haven't really been hit by
jet like yet but I think it's probably
just going to hit me now
but yeah what do you think about
Margaret do you love Margaret II hate
Margaret would you like a back to
care you're never seen her before what
your thoughts let me know in the
comments I'd love to know what you use
of viewers think of Margaret and yeah I
hope you enjoyed it and I'll see you
tomorrow of another video all right
Bakey
