hello you guys alright I hope you're
doing well basically this is my second
channel if you didn't realize and I
thought I'd make a quick little video
because to tell you that I'm going to
make a lot more videos on this channel
so because I'm going to be making a lot
more videos the first thing I want you
to do is let me know what kind of stuff
you'd like to see me do in the comments
yeah and the second reason I wanted to
make this video was because I actually
posted a new main channel video
yesterday something you probably saw it
some of you might not have because it
got a flag which is great for some
unknown reason so what I thought I'd do
is tell you that if you're over 18 you
can watch the link on my YouTube just
down there but if you want to see the
video and you haven't actually seen it
I've actually posted it on my tumblr so
you can watch it on there whatever age
you are so that link is down there it'll
be a tumblr link so click that and it'll
take you straight to the video and you
can watch that yeah my arm yeah it's
still filming and is aching a lot now so
I'm gonna go but let me know what you'd
like to see in the comments and watch me
new vids yeah bye
