hello beautiful sexy people welcome back
to look I'm in my humble abode minor
house miss this plane I'm back here for
a bit now so you back to the normal
location also it's so sunny
it's like glowing also I've got this one
that hair doesn't call for any way in
the theme of tattoos yeah I've got one
tattoo I'm a literary love it so much
people said to me before I got the
tattoo there was like Oh Sue's you get
it you're gonna win your other one I was
like yeah ly but I literally already
want another one so yeah so in the theme
of tattoos we come up with quite a cool
what I think is going to be a fun little
game and it's going to be get the
youtuber you know we do this series of
like youtubers and talk about things
about that youtuber by their tattoo now
I'm just telling you before we even
start I'm going to be absolutely a
bombing office because before I got this
I was never really into statues like
I've wanted one for about a year but
I've never I don't know in YouTube's
tattoos the only person who knows pink
PewDiePie's if we're going to show
PewDiePie because a little look at is
the other day yes they rather than that
I know it is very hot cool obscure how
many we got we got 12 so there's 12
youtubers I couldn't even name you 12
youtubers offers of my head's after that
I know how to at ooze I'm going to make
the background less white I've done yes
11 we're ready we're rocking very
rolling is good
it's a trick question or is this yeah I
noticed the time shit tattoo isn't it is
a really shitty attitude this is Jay
Paul yeah okay the reason I thought
you'd Pro spanner in the works is
because didn't he do it with the guy
that says you don't know my name I still
don't know his name so I called you I
know that God
oh so I thought that yeah there's G cool
I think you start that one ice means you
go up or not I think this is love see
you saw what the cling film on that yeah
brand-spanking-new
that's um that's Tyler Oakley and that
was by Romeo the cost he looks like he
really wants to do my passage this yeah
that's really their shallow wounds
Christ I wasn't done sit on yellow
tide along with it before then quite
versatile boy yeah
so my selfish shopping skills yeah Chris
Worley cowpox t-shirt for I don't even
have to go the wrong guy
it looks like a it's either like a boy
like someone who's not really that like
developed now you know that like lemon
boy know like collarbone or years ago
this ago and it is a girl fucking
confirmed okay is Martin pure no you
just guessing people you know who's a
big youtuber yeah really big yeah really
what's not certainly no I look what so
we had one yet which doesn't have much
right but the design is a humble the
idea of a real tattoo
waiting room having a ring even thing
you are edgy absolutely
yeah we'll look a bit good eye that was
one of my fingers this is yeah the thing
with the finger tattoo though is they
fade quickly so on because of Robin also
it's really hard place to tattoo because
of the skin is thicker there so when you
do a finer - it's harder much harder so
you have to get Santi to be really sure
it's a virus huh and then seeing you not
in pea though is your master supe do you
see the thing is with actual pain I'm
not perceived like when it's annoying
like doing the makeup I'm a massive
person but actual pain I'm not with it
you racial well then says he was in
loads of pain so she's a pussy the only
other go I'm going to go ice not her so
it doesn't snow it's not it's not I
might she might be later so I don't want
to give it away okay
grace Helbig no one will guess get three
guesses person can you give me a clue
American or English or neither neither
do I know line B clue you've done videos
before even get what yeah so the video
with this person who has a tattoo says
one love they're not American the
non-english nature that's not superwoman
it is what does she look ye in this
picture what that is your Photoshop it
ah liking who is the lighting when you
cut just that out the she's Canadian
right yes
unlucky so so far - are very Katie nice
them the capacitor idea of looking at
the lettering is quite Coolio quite cool
though it just looks like a felt-tip pen
I'm not that very quickly did you know
about just the edge man we've got that
tattoo of educators from straightaway as
well a sedan I'm not sure I'd agree they
are the meaning behind it but I can't
give away what literally those Louise
know we get unknown amplitude here we go
I can tell whether nihilism while you
know you get this straight away American
I have no idea great great even how
effective your one not get your main
fanboy also but it's not like I know
what a year that's again it was a what
than she is is Jenna mom ah I only had
two guesses yes very we racism countries
is just what every guess is what for
that's quite good
that's quite cool it's hard to color
because I'm not living in shit done well
of it yeah it fun no idea on genomically
do you think it or we go boy yeah it's
not JC no or Qian no that's too you know
get our channel here and jay-z while as
you know Americans do I know them yeah
not sure how well yeah I'm trying to
think like who have I seen that's got
down there on happy squad
oh my god Roman Atwood yeah I gave that
3 out 5 do my old pose there when I you
should post my tweet
there's like a few innocent typing
asthma mantra yeah the you notice that
you didn't know that I was you know what
are you all about I knew that
where's Aunt Polly what I'm usually
where it'll have it on her off and see I
knew though why are you so annoyed of
doing well you're nearing a very
self-assemble doesn't matter I'm doing
well I'm four out of six
Pete why I asked you goodbye oh go nope
you have pretty well Ricky Dillon no
well again I know as well
Connor Franta if they never he doesn't
have that - oh no way I didn't I do
another tattoo did he have that when we
were hanging out them for awesome
Jermaine odd so you checking on Android
others no no sometimes that's quite cool
goodbye know if she will get it now on
Pete I guess it was - Mara don't learn
it that's not fair and go guide to guide
it now part musically Oh in the fro yeah
that's what I was going to get so Leo
who I was like I don't want to guess it
in case she's I'm the PewDiePie
this is my favorite one that's quite
cute
very random whoa don't yeah it might be
they're told
oh yeah it probably died of them and
they got the memory okay
but thinking about it I'll show you a
picture of a hand as you'll get science
yeah it's a really cool toy here I'm
going to get you shall give you clues
only you get I hope you haven't huge
foodtube how did you know that how does
it promote dog immediate unlucky on
smash avail got three wrong yeah I think
or three wrong I didn't get Joey
Emily didn't get Jerry not idiot Lily
see ya yeah you didn't get Jenny muscles
didn't get Jenna almost didn't get Joey
didn't get her nose yes I did yes I did
in your team I got two wrong we I'm very
proud of myself for that I hope you guys
enjoyed this fun little video when we do
YouTube like gets the easier and stuff
if you have any fun suggestion that
you'd like us to try leave your comment
down below give the video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and I will see you
tomorrow with another one
alright see bayy
