yo hello first of all before I get into
this video I just want to show you guys
where I am because I'm in probably the
most beautiful place I've ever been in
the entire world I mean look at this
view for a fact yeah Audrey she's over
next door there she is
Steffi absolutely sport me for my
birthday and took me away to this
absolutely glorious place and it's
honestly incredible it's really cute
they make things out of the pets every
day so this is what they've made us
today not entirely sure what it is but
looks pretty yeah we're up in the
mountains in Austria and it's kind of
like a spa hotel so yeah it was my
birthday yesterday Stephie support me by
taking me here but anyway on to why I'm
making this video so I am involved in
some really exciting it's a new app it's
a game and it's called do what it says
and I'm gonna basically show you guys it
and I want you guys to get it it's a
free app and it's a really fun game that
you guys can play with friends or family
yeah I'm gonna get into it and show you
guys I've drinking too much coffee today
and I've got coffee shakes solid ups
fire I'm gonna show you how to light the
fire I'm not bided light fire the other
day in in there that was a real proud
moment I felt like that sir I'm a real
man you can light a fire nom buzzing
I'll put coffee shakes my whole body
shaking my legs as well I'm in 101 fat
burned
I'm not he did have his SATs unfair
always burning nice Keller
you need some choka no I don't know give
me four more shakes you love me huh did
you just eat the Fitbit I was gonna down
92 73 you're so chill I'm about to fall
asleep 69 68 Maine are just really
nervous when I filming when you were in
the video you give me the shakes they're
attempting to flood so yeah I'm gonna
tell you guys a little bit about the app
and then I'm gonna play it with this
lovely girl she knows the script I'm
taking the script we wonder what shrek
tonight that's my impression of the
mockin man but women have only seen it
in German so I'm really like excited to
see it in real life in real the proper
version kind of a fake version there are
so many films I need to see with you cuz
I only know them in German and like it's
crazy because I saw some films now in
German and in English and in English
it's like usually so much funny and so
much but that's that yeah we're gonna
think of all the films that I need to
watch in German with you yes learning
German if Lana it's learn and D Deutsch
so I'm gonna try and record the screen
on the phone so that whilst I'm talking
I can at least show you guys what I'm
talking about this is the app you open
at and you have a few different sections
so first of all you have all your decks
which are placed there I'm gonna scroll
I own every deck because it's my app I'm
joking I do it Jone every deck you can
get more decks up here there's a buy
more section you can unlock all the
decks if you want it cost 399 and then
you get access to every single deck and
the good thing about that is when we
release future decks because there's
always gonna be updated decks and new
things coming out because you've already
paid that upfront fee you just get every
single deck that comes out in the future
as well I should tell you guys at the
moment it is only iOS so only for Apple
at the moment but we are gonna be
hopefully
Android versions soon if it's popular
nothing you guys like you and it's also
only available in the UK and us at the
moment but again if it's popular then
it's gonna get everywhere and you
Germans can get it too so you can see
this is where all of the decks that you
have are stored and what you do is you
just go through and you've got the
little plus symbol and you just click
the little plus and that adds it into
your game you can select so cool that
you don't just have one like yeah you
can sling loads of different ones just
so cool and the game is very very simple
there's ten rounds and you have a time
limit to answer each question we're
gonna play so I make lot of sense in a
minute but the funniest thing is we
played it already and it films you and I
didn't know it and I was like and then
you showed me the video so like oh my
god please don't say them I did save it
I know but the funny thing is with the
filming as it does each question so
rather than just filming the whole thing
you get each single video for each
question so if there's a really funny
answer you know exactly whether it is
please don't make fun of me because
English is your first language yeah it's
your first language do something food
food I'll be good with food very white I
think I'm the whitest I've ever been in
my life why are we so bright also the
cool thing of this game this is my
suggestion you can play normal which is
where you know I hold this for the whole
time steffie's guessing or whoever's in
front of me is guessing or you can do a
grenade round which is sorry or you can
do a grenade round which is where you
have one go each so this might be fun
for university games
screaming watergate yeah drinking water
games you know so like you have one go
if you get it right or wrong you have a
coffee yeah palliative coffee yeah and
then you pass it along
yeah we're not crazy enough we're just
gonna do normal do what it says to make
them guess the word on the card so
whatever it says you have to do one
thing can I explain why I'm so tired
yeah sure yeah mark isn't an I just
always sitting up and then he's like
I don't know where this made I don't
know I'm like fuckin stomping it's me
no I don't know where it is made I don't
know just I just want to play some games
and then he lies down again and you just
sit upright like he's possessed and I'm
like Marcus can you like yeah I do weird
things in the night yeah and then I
can't sleep anymore because I'm scared
if you want to know more about a deck if
you click the deck in the middle it will
open it up and it will give you a little
explanation on the deck I could edit
fascinate sure animals yeah that's it
playing well we got a line out Oh it
wriggles it comes out the ground and
it's like slimy snake no it's small tiny
in English regularly they're disgusting
skip are too slow mister what am i doing
bang bang I'm in the wall bang bang bang
a person who uses a hammer is a builder
yeah swimming yeah it's the slowest
animal with slimy food it's like I'm
sucking on mine and lollipop yeah but a
big cat not a tiger yeah a different one
yeah you take it to work when you're
businessman you close it and people your
files in it briefcase yeah yeah
oh you ain't heard up game over
stressful I don't think I did that well
you results seven out of ten as well I
think the funniest one was the lollipop
baby it's a food it's like I'm sucking
on my lollipop yeah can you save that
once it cool thing about this guys is
you can put filters on them so you can
scroll across filters right here as you
can see to say I want vintage and you
can save the video and I'll go into the
video section which are showing a minute
or you can share it straight from there
if you're like oh what am i doing
bang-bang in the wall bang bang but I'm
in the wall bang with me I'm trying to
be more awake have a coffee we'll just
play the same ones yeah
I'll just go play okay you ready yes no
yawning no yawning
you give up and you're like running
holes baby kangaroos weirdest depression
ever sippin drinking plain is just a
pile in picking your nose cleaning your
nose nose hairs
Hoover Thorin do makeup cleaning washing
up was it I did well nine out of ten
sorry can we just watch the road riding
a horse no I'm an animal I have a baby
in here I can't gurus do you know when
you like watching things from yourself
when you get so embarrassed
yeah maybe with every video I post yes
oh you're a soul - you sweated it from
the gin Oh same I just went so yeah that
basically gives you a little someone put
the game there's loads more decks
there's gonna be loads more decks bought
out in the future so like I said if you
want to go get the app it is free
there's a link top line description iOS
only yeah like I said if you purchase
going to the buy more dates and you
purchase all decks all the future that's
it ran in the future you will have
access to as soon as they're out as well
I'd love you guys obviously go play this
it's a free app I think you'll be fun
around Christmastime a family with
friends you can embarrass yourself quite
well or you knew you're going Oh first
date
yeah yeah and yeah that's basically what
I won't share you guys so I hope you
like it I hope you go get it and are we
gonna go enjoy the rest of all time in
Austria I'm gonna sleep in a pool and
getting a foot massage by you that's
fine
give the video a thumbs up I'll see you
guys soon even on video
