hello beautiful sexy people welcome to a
creepy really scary video whoo-hoo first
of all the reason why I have hat is
because my hello says oh oh
mental does that look I literally forgot
noodles in my hair yes oh we're just
rolling with that certified no Stephanie
did it to my head a at the day she got
like a hair grip twigs of my hair and
straightened each bit of hair thought it
was cool in the day so I was grading
that now anyway welcome back to a
sit-down video every montage videos and
video welcome back to a sit-down
insightful video into scary pastime
serial killers serial killers fascinate
me because they're so twisted in their
little minds and seeing what some of
them have done so we're going to be
looking at ten of the worst serial
killers of all time and going into
detail about what they did maybe why
they did that and just have an open
discussion about it alright let's jump
into the mind of a serial killer
just give me one doesn't know a serial
killer is the serial killer is on who
killed multiple people and they are
basically a psychopath on that if you
saw him on the street you might not have
a know anything they look very sane on
the outside but inside that twisted
little buggers all right we're going to
be starting off with John Wayne Gacy and
he was a clown he was a clown I mean he
was known as the killer clown back in
1968 he went to jail or sexually
assaulting two young boys
so in jail for about only ten years once
he was in jail he behaved very well
which led to him actually being released
after just 18 months now he came out
from jail he remarried and then they
divorced because his wife found out that
he was gay so they broke up he was so
likes to dress up as a clown and appear
at random child's birthday parties and
everyone in the neighborhood loves him
because he was like this friendly
character his businessman everyone was
into him until this is where it gets
fucked so there is a time period from
when he's released from jail and six
years when he got reacted in that time
when he is doing this clown stuff and
kids parties plays funny arrested he
it was found to murdered 33 young boys
33 and buried them in that garden it
wasn't it wasn't just like buttoned down
boys from from like child's parties that
was kind of just way did does his job he
was Lu hitchhikers prostitutes just
young people in general into his car he
would then torture rape and then murder
them which did fuck's up lil clown he
later went on to be executed in 1994 for
what happened next on list is Jerry damn
Jerry Dahmer who is seen as one of the
scariest u.s. serial killers to have
lived
he killed 17 young boys again and often
those cases involve rape torture sexual
abuse few people actually managed to
escape when they were in his area as
whatever the fuck he was doing to those
boys someone managed to actually escape
and he was only caught because one
person escaped ran into the road flagged
down a police car and then they went in
and found out that he was killing people
but what he was also doing which is
really really really really weird
he wanted a mindless sex slave so he
wanted to drill hole through a living
person's brain so they were then
mindless he would also sometimes eat the
people cannibalism just eat them after
they were dead
so he went to jail and he was actually
killed in jail he's been to death by
someone inside Ted Bundy another u.s.
good-looking and charismatic think
businessman as well this fucker
kidnapped murdered 33 women it was a
four years four years okay so how he did
it
sometimes he pretended to be disabled
sometimes he pretended to be someone of
intent some wearing uniforms someone who
can order beer pursue something other
times he just breaks into people's house
and blunder them to death in the middle
of the night just like that he also once
they were dead chopped off parts of
their bodies to keep in his house as his
mantelpiece and also raped someone off
their dead and just
disgusting things Gary Ridgway known as
the Green River Killer strangled 71
women over those 10 years between 1970
and 1980 71 women how does this happen
how can someone give 70 people without
being caught by police
that's what baffles me how does that
happen he was arrested just gay Nate
finally links him to someone they found
on the bodies
he was caught through DNA in that time I
think it just come through DNA then so
it's very early days and it managed to
trace him to somebody he would often
usually go for prostitutes and he would
and they trust because he would show
them a picture of his son as if that's
like hey yeah trust me showing pictures
son and throwing them to death he's
actually still alive and serving his
time in prison now all right the next
guy Edie gained Ed Gein isn't so much a
serial killer but he's just a messed up
little fella Sam and if any of you have
watched Bates Motel I have absolutely
loved the show he was based off of
Norman Bates one-on-one basis based on
his characters basically what he did he
was accused of killing his brother they
can never prove her then his mother died
earning geodes mother baiz mother died
he went to cemeteries and started to dig
up Edie people's graves of people that
and people that would look like his mum
he would take them back to his house and
dress them up in his mum stuff make them
look like his mum that's so freakin
weird but if you've worked Bates Motel
you know Dogma away to the waiting he
didn't just like to arrest the women up
in his mum suppose he cut their skin off
and created one woman out of all of this
skin
I'm just going to read off a list of
what police found human noses volve a
skulls made into bowls skin mask human
heads and sacks lamps and chairs are
posted in human flesh organs in
refrigerator and a belt made of human
nipples mm-hmm it was arrested in 1957
and was declared insane to spend the
rest of the time in a mental so okay we
don't have an age that this happened but
this is one of my prolific serial
killers to ever live especially in the
United States his name is Henry Andrey
Andrey Lee Lucas
he killed 350 people in a space of 10
years again I how free and that's
literally like killing that's like
killing one person a week yo how over
the course of over those 20 years not 10
years sorry 20 years so one every couple
of weeks we can we got that that he
actually killed his mother before all of
that and he went to jail for ten years
got released because the prison was
overcrowded and then went on to do all
that so that's cool okay next we're
gonna look at a female serial killer
which is rare in terms of serial killers
I don't know why just seems to be a lot
more men that serial killers no momentum
I'm just looking at her name conference
a a lien whoo whoo or nas ruas she was
prostitute and killed seven men she had
a bit of a troubled praying
Farren and she was had a paper inches 15
and she also had a sexual incestuous
relationship with her brother
so lots of things going on in her
defense can I say in her defense her
reasoning for killing these people was
that she was the men she killed she
killed them because they were being very
aggressive with her and earlier that's
our story obviously she still got
accused of killing the man she went to
jail and she opened it she or killed by
a lethal injection and by Richard
Trenton chase
nicknamed the vampire of Sacramento and
that's because why do you think he
lookin for it so he killed six people he
ate the eight parts of them he drank
their blood
casually drank their blood all of that
happened in a month he actually spent
some time in a mental hospital because
he was found devouring raw animals but
also blending animals into milkshake raw
with coke okay see a teammate akiza
month it was actually caught him out of
the whole family he also murdered two
young people bathe in their blood and
then had sex with the monster and ate
their organs so Andrei Chikatilo is from
Ukraine if you cling and he killed 50
tall women and children I'm going to
stop talking like that now because the
day is all about information it's not
about being funny it's just information
so he first killed a nine year old girl
and then he realized he could only
achieve sexual satisfaction from killing
and flashing women throats
last but not least Dennis Rader Raydor
Dennis Rader killed ten people in the
Kansas area he was known as the BTK
killer more btj still killer blind
torture kill and what he also did was
send detailed letters of his killings
and the things that he was doing to
media outlets that's eventually what was
gotten caught but like after each
killing he would write out a detailed
letter and send it to media outlets
Frank thought he kidnapped them he'd
blind them and strangle them wait
friends wake up and keep on doing that
so they were almost dying but not dying
for free he's still in jail serving like
but he got caught because he remember
floppy disk I know know something
remember floppy disk is before he had
memory cards and stuff on what he sent
the media they managed to recover
deleted file on there which he deleted
and that gay boy in photos Church where
he was a member and they caught him
through DNA but he's in jail seven times
good well ladies gentlemen boys and
girls that wraps up the top ten worst
serial killers in this world I hope
you've enjoyed it I hope you liked these
informative slightly more information in
the videos I really enjoy I find it
fascinating so
there's any topics you'd like me to talk
about or look into or share info on then
let me know in comments give it a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it and I'll see you
tomorrow in our video I think right
