hello beautiful sexy people how are you
doing today yeah that today's video is
part two to obviously something we're
already done I reacted to some of your
YouTube channels I sent them to it out
last you guys send them if you have a
youtube channel cuz I want to react to
it I want to share it with people and
grow it whatever and it went down so
well you guys loved it and it was so
nice to see people who watch this
channel go over and support those people
go and subscribe to those people but
you've actually got some people
thousands of subscribers and that's them
just like now on their mission to become
a youtuber so if you did that thank you
and now we're going to jump straight
into part 2 because I'd like to sell it
how many of you actually have YouTube
channels it's kind of insane and really
cool at the same time so if I can help
that help them how and shine a light on
that and cool so let's begin just we'll
jump into this though I want to talk to
you guys about hello world if you follow
me or a bunch of so many other favorite
youtubers you might have seen us talk
about it but is a new event that we are
involved with it's gonna be a
game-changer in what we're trying to do
with YouTube events and how each events
has come and they've been around for a
long time but we kind of wanted to
create something that is so different
everything else and takes things that we
don't like from all the other
conventions and make it into an
incredible live immersive event which is
what hello world is amazing things
because tickets are now on sale there's
a bunch of your favorite youtubers and
I'll put a link top line description you
can go check it out it's at the end of
October yeah there's going to be a load
more youtubers to be added to this and
it's just it's going to be epic I don't
really know what else I can say I'm just
so excited for it as more information
comes out you'll see it but there's
already videos there's already any
information you can find is on their
website so yeah tickets top-line
description that would take you through
as well you can go look at their site
and any information you want but comes
it's going to be great and yeah I want
to see your face there you know as well
I've been reading the comment a lot of
you have been giving me sticks to these
saying I look funny I love them they are
amazing they are everything I could want
from a pair of headphones so leave me
alone it can all me ignore how I love
focus on the video remember guys I'll
link everyone's channels in the
description yeah if you want to check
them out and can do we've got Kimberly
Jo
606 your subscribers make things happen
this is our channel trailer
hi welcome to my child if you're seeing
this video then you probably are
subscribe my channel is dedicated to
minds even have a good anecdote about
marriage
aka I love you I created here's me c'mon
yeah how is she doing this you're so
young and like know what you're doing
with editing stuff whether that be
challenging be willing to do like
restart all the gear to be meeting loud
20 50 100 but this year I'm making
things happen
that's those three I want you guys to go
check our channel now
Kimberly Jewell honesty so much better
than me when I started YouTube so good
luck right so I actually had a few
people who I think I follow or like that
verified or something tweet me this
guy's channel
he's called Tim Newman we've got nine
point nine K subs or you can get paying
subs come on I mean that's the area's
first but he's got one Hamilton argues
90 on thumbs up so fair recycling is
something I can trust everybody acting
kids I want something
train Impala and get it working
apparently look so proud then and now
we're the brown individual have any nice
boys
like really roar like that yeah where is
this London or just ELISA boy but hang
it's mine why do you know what she can I
want this kid Cavanaugh down no uncle
times have other fungal
oh so named the money is mine
and all break your heart Oh go checking
archives he was awesome
our interviewing works come at the
90-degree right um everybody
I think I don't this is oh hello
no it's alright you are thinking why am
i individually fine that will got my
lemon area special exclusive Thanks okay
so he's done what I did I did this a
Shane Dawson when I started I took Shane
Dawson's video clips cut them up and
made a collab with him yo know some
right gonna get like you're doing on set
and you can have a seat yo what is that
guard Juarez dog right how are you doing
today I have a great day as well oh that
quickly there I like what you've done
now I mean I can't I can't criticize it
because I let read is that so maybe
write some was it one day who knows
Emily called me ah hi hey guys and
welcome to the new channel on YouTube
where am I going
what a great start my friend must be in
fucking camera I look sure on fire hey
okay now I think I'm not doing anything
wrong that kind of thing
brave to do your first video with your
friend just there I would it took me
years to video in France on be honest
I'm doing anything I would really gain
videos for our Q&A most important thing
other than I myself is that I am a very
a bit too obsessive plan general that me
that means I like Dan until it is don't
maybe they are
guess I can bugger off it's overly
obsessive it's it's almost sad it's the
press okay tell everybody how many get
to meet them you've literally got done
for example do you know something I
don't know
give us an example they want an example
maybe for what they want we want people
the people your friends oh I don't do I
want to dance all right we've got Alice
the be returning happened Alice to be
over the door and there's a man with a
clipboard myself open the door to summer
try myself I like it take you to
understand who this man looks to
Halloween are your mummy is Eddie home
sorry yeah do I look good I think 24 I
know I have young I know I look young
right is this to me and I just took back
the room in mind that he thought over
like a youngster he then asked if I knew
is my parents are interested in having
their windows does what if I was a child
and I was like actually yes yes they are
pleased yes can you start to structure
now I must look young enough still be a
child but old enough to make the
decision for my parents to change all
the window see a dozen or three of the
day I look like I'm roughly what 14
years old I don't know how would you
look like you could pass for being young
but then you'll see when you said your
age I was like yeah thankful funny and
you're funny
we've got memes official teaser trailer
parody I hope things honey
they can be
thank you
quite funny it's interesting quite
creative I like that yeah like that most
for ways to deal with being thirsty
wrists of literally lose our young Tyler
Oakley I love this guy is amazing
I wanted that to be longer what about I
rely rhyme Massie's you're funny made me
laugh and there we go that rounds up
part two of me watching your YouTube
channels if you want this to continue
give it a big thumbs up subscribe if
you're new and maybe you're new watching
this and you have a YouTube channel then
go follow me on to the tickers when I
make those tweets you can then submit
that but yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
this give it a big thumbs up and I'll
see you tomorrow Verne of the year
alright goodbye goodbye Bakley
