yo hello beautiful I nearly said hello
sexy beautiful people then how's it
going if you're wondering I'm still at
VidCon where this is filming so at
VidCon I'm filming lots of trying videos
because I've got lots of stuff here to
try so there's going to be about three
videos that are being filmed from here
that you'll see over the next week or so
so if you're confused when you're when
I'm back in New York and it's like oh
there's a training video where's Marcus
mallet I'm still here at VidCon okay
just to give you that heads up anyway
today I'm going to be trying so I'm not
trying it's more mix them so we've got a
whole load of different cereals here
breakfast cereal all the most popular
cereals
we're going to mix them all together and
have a little taste test because again
another one of these mixing things let's
see how it goes I've just got very itchy
legs okay so let's go freaks I think a
lot of these are American cereals why do
you why I'm short on IV answers why does
parts of your body just itch
like I've got an itchy leg and it's by H
it and tends over there any deity again
what is the size line that please
happened actually happen guys I've
become obsessed sorry
this looks really funny how I'm filming
because it's just really comfortable in
this chair to lean back so I look funny
but I'm comfortable as long as you guys
are fine with that I don't care serial
number one Apple Jacks I've no idea one
Apple jacket I've never had that sweet
and Syrah with apple and cinnamon
have you had Apple Jacks no oh cool we
don't have that in the UK I'm pretty
sure we go really ganks very annoyed
about my leg I mean they look healthy
don't they
there we go that's a decent amount in
the bowl ah off Cuba have that one
one part of your you have an engine it
just doesn't go away right next up we've
got frosted flakes which and the UK is
just known as Frosty's right just frost
these Frosty's yeah I mean it's got the
same tiger I used to love frosty they
were one my favorites here as a kid they
don't smell the same over here and frost
is going in lovely lovely job loo next
we've got cacao krispies I love how
everything is the exact same like brand
but just oh no that's that's not Coco
Pops uzuki how crispy rice krispies are
the three little people remember that
advert in the UK let's see if we can put
an insert clip of it it was like pop
crackle and something is that remember
and these that jump around the page
kitchen table I still love that burst
mums let the record straight about rice
krispies so I thought it was Coco Pops
but it's not it's just Coco right
Christy you know oh that smells so
freakin good then I used to love with
like Coco Pops is I love the milk going
chocolatey officer and then you just an
I hated milk but I never ate my milk but
when it went chocolatey
I had my milk what was the Coco Pops
song yeah they used to have the animals
like in the jungle racing and stuff
Kellogg's pops corn pops never had this
I think this is very American uh-huh
bowl of Coco Pops they're very big I
like big old alma mater
all right get them in the mix a little
bit time so we've got a nice old mixture
going on so far oh we've got ahead 3-1
favorite fruit loops I never had these I
mean we tried them in a video before but
never like I never done
yeah old fruity loops in them I we love
a bit a fruit loops and last but not
lease arms ought to be fair it's so good
how is that cereal item oh my god Lucky
Charms smell did you have eat Lucky
Charms but I can't imagine flora dies
love you as a then I
love them here we go sprinkle the Lucky
Charms in yeah oh well this is again we
have got every cereal that I have in
this bowl I don't really know how I'm
going to try mix it now like got a spoon
spoon well this is so hard to mix
because this bowl is so small
ah this is going to be weird guys it's
getting really weird right come on
get everything from the bottom to the
top there oh
alright I think that's a pretty solid
job now we're just glad some milk which
would lit its mat so horrible we didn't
buy me on the milking shop
I honestly hate milk do you like milk I
bet you a lot of kids at least love
drinking and measuring that's weird kids
don't drink milk
basically just drinking out with cows
tips or everything about milk just makes
me feel funny why do I want to be
putting that in my mouth
alright just putting a bit on there or I
said I should put loads in there where
you can hear well crackling
that the pop rice krispy oh oh
rather have a bowl of Coco Pops I'd
rather not eat this milky I was the
person when I did have my cereal that
used to let it all soak I used to like
soggy cereal rather than like crisp our
cereal I felt like you were a soggy
cereal person or cold cereal person I
was a soggy
here we go every single type of cereal
on my spoon how is it this is going to
be weird
Wow crap in total major oh my god you're
incredible Wow
oh my god Audrey got an American no
Ramona knows a 12 out of 10 that is
life-changing do you know what I can't
use this at home when I was a kid my
breakfast raw materials I would have
Weetabix at all we speak I would have
Jordans country crisps and then on top
of that output Kellogg's cornflakes put
the milk on and have all three of those
and I was so weird mash it all together
and mix it all in so I kind of invented
it making everything together I'd say
that was amazing the only thing I would
say the most overpowering one out the
whole thing was I guess that Applejack
and cinnamon won because I could just
taste cinnamon in my mouth but that yeah
I'm impressed by that so I hope you guys
enjoyed this video give it a thumbs up
if you did let me know what other things
we should try mixing everything together
and combining flavors and tastes and
explosions in the mouth and I will see
you guys tomorrow subscribe if you're
new click their videos every day see you
tomorrow bye
