hello beautiful sexy people welcome to a
video with Stephanie hello hi Marcus so
sexy you've obviously seen on my main
channel she was in a video the other day
she's like jumped in the video in here
like hey what's up nice attention yeah
all that stuff but today she wants to
make me look like a model basically I
don't like the sentence looking like a
model how doesn't matter look like you
you're you are a massa
so you need to teach me how to look like
you make me look like you this is not
possible but I can be a makeup like I
can give you pretty makeup basically
pretty much since I have my youtube
stuff you've been like I want to make
you look pretty and do makeup la la la
la
and then that's not that is true yeah
and I'm going to do this I'm going to
give you the pretty runway look with a
runway okay there we go runway look like
a model she is a model so we're using
her expertise let's go let's go are you
nervous
not really okay I'm worried my face is
going to come up in like sensitive rash
no I'm using good stuff
L'Oreal haryana so excited for this we
kind of have to do this away so you can
see yourself so at the end you're like
wow I want hunger how about I promise
don't look care of just look into your
soul you guys believe that I don't okay
let's start
you have a beautiful on my skin so I
don't know if it's swollen kill me
we're such I have a spot on my
nose you probably can't see it even
electing the screen orders okay so very
cold that your hands or the makeup this
is my hand
maybe a very red you so you have very
good skin but naturally yeah so you
don't need a lot of makeup what was you
putting on the night this is like a BB
cream kinda so it's a it's a normal most
riser cream with a bit of color in it
you know lovely Jane is it your way more
time than me so there's nothing to make
me look funny
no because this is a BB cream if it
would be like actual makeup I'm never
using actual makeup or musk up skin no
it's not that
how do you say like covering not been
covering what :
yeah it doesn't cover your skin that
much which is like it doesn't cover it a
little rolling impose yeah because we
hear you're moving so much if you'd be
just like there yeah so much easier I
got I can't wait to do his eyebrow oh my
god LM sorry I did
I love his eyebrows but they're a bit
down come on eyebrow lay all my flows
out and like I think know my browser
that like that signed a nobody likes
normal yeah that's true that's cool on
you you sometimes just looks at even you
happy I wanna sort of tweet saying on
fake smiling all the time because they
were like when you smile your eyes smile
as I walked down my eyes don't be scared
my eyebrows are the darker than yours
that's our problem that's the sign yeah
of course
understad archetype you brush the
English little boy okay I'm so excited
and I thought this day would never come
filling out your eyebrows you look a so
like crumping crumping bored and
everything here is like hitting the same
spot
ah I have to say mark is a person if I
like one as Croesus pimples like oh wow
so I think anything I would do today
she'll be like Oh brushing your eyebrows
oh the bird town's ever had that damage
my eyebrows a bit confused right now
doesn't know what's going on can we see
the difference
kcon bit closer can you see it's
different
they explain better actually I want that
eyebrow is cool it's all those the weird
uh-huh look like this one have you ever
done somewhat makeup yes
I'm don't judge them I don't think I'm
the best person in doing myself I bet
some girls are like what doesn't
but my boyfriend someone can do whatever
I wanted to okay
I'm so like I've got I browse like Alfie
deyes right now cuz we asked her
eyebrows
he basically a spokes on the eyebrows
yeah so you're the first person wow I'm
so privileged yeah so close we are using
the perfect match
true Matt from L'Oreal no that's not
close the makeup look you don't know yes
your beard is a bit irritating we do
girl runway most darling not a male
runway look is it I could you could I
could shave there do you want to shave
it absolutely no real far trying to
cover it up
I look great now close your eyes
there is the Facebook look I'm looking
up eyes open
does it not hurt your skin it hurts my
skin every picture it's cool that loads
of people and they look up to the camera
look at me being what is going on
what's your inspiration to today's look
big eyes right to be honest it doesn't
make sense to to do any color on your
eyes cuz did was no because he doesn't
see colors one that like purple
eyeshadow and I was like oh look do you
like the color and he was like it's
black I was like no it's purple it's not
for me it's for everyone watching okay
this is going to be the hardest part
oh this bloody eyes business you can do
it okay it doesn't hurt it's not oh my
god Ritchie went in my heart yeah likes
it look at why do you want to be by its
opening touch too often those lingham in
laser eye surgery okay no come on Tom
what I do focus on them yeah just look
up look up and don't even think about it
think of the unicorn feel like a unicorn
my eye
relax relax
Oh chocolate chocolate chocolate face oh
my okay let's let's down to good let's
definitely how'd you do that
how'd you learn to see that I think you
just get used to it
no no it's on the outside come on it's
on the outside you can do it okay you
can do yeah yeah good job oh we
I'll just go yeah okay close your eyes
are you
this will take so long makeup is base
you just like an adult coloring in book
oh you mean like where the colors are
the numbers on you have to color it out
I can't wait to see the mascara so I'm
so pumped
oh so someone's stopping you in the eye
like every girl is doing that as we go
not a nice list
you come right on your nose Marcus I
feel like when you're in school and
you're not allowed to laugh how can you
be so annoying this Patel
why is everything feel horrible now I'm
blinking it's light in my RA Oh feels
horrible come on you can do it Oh
tickles ah ah okay just leave is closed
then and I'm just going to come here I
was your motion I honestly thought I'm
going to do nice makeup on you take over
it looks just horrible I'll only come
about I look over a lead singer of Green
Day
have a lot of respect for the people who
were made up around their eyes
particular think there's anyone who just
wears climbing up Madison
we should add a bit of pink because I
was not thinking you are there are two
types of three types of skin skin color
like you can have the cold skin color
where one skin color eye muscle third
neutral much more cold
bloody hell by sticking my eye together
Jesus
doing a great job so far great job
yeah in my hair want to make the mask in
touch Nick pump a bit more yes keep Leno
in there yeah okay that lychee I wanted
some powder in my head actually places
more and I go on
what a why do you look I'm looking at my
hair yeah
this is maybe not a runway look guys
this is not a runway look
what else would seem look at me
matricide yeah I know Tara we put like
you look lovely
you go make me look good not
I love
while your neck is Marisa come on
here is such a perfect actor can you
just do it okay tell me when you're not
breathing oh my god what the hell has
done to my hair I look horrific
well this gets enough light will do me
do your makeup I don't wanna do thing I
hurt you it's an easy way I can do that
hey you get in Gary
so guys rape my look out of ten what do
you rate my load highlight on sleep so
I'm done yeah well there we go rape my
unfair eat and I look orange you do
actually me camera and reloading not
that bad oh I look like animal umber
what thank you my house in Charlie and
Chocolate Factory
yeah know that but bloom but Cooper be
Dean the little men that work in the
factory of that orange pay people rate
might look out of them give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I will
see you with a little less makeup on
tomorrow further less so you're wearing
makeup with zero makeup on tomorrow bye
my
