hello beautiful sexy people back in New
York and why see baby and that gives a
little bit I have actually I think I've
told you this before I have actually
done a weekly vlog here which will go up
on the main channel soon probably the
next video that goes up on main channel
which explains everything so yeah go
check that when it's up but anyway back
to today's video which is going to be
reacting to amazing things there is
amazing that there is there is amazing
things there are amazing people in this
world who can do amazing things I'm not
one of those people but we're going to
be looking at the people that are
amazing and can do these amazing things
like real talent you know like what's my
talent talking to a camera writing funny
things sometimes really quite sporty I
was always good at like an all-around
sportsman you know I'm I'm lucky I'm
wise people that any sporty thing I like
to try I'm quite good at it talent
absolute talent running running just to
keep my hands on you does anyone else
love that song by Troy all right here we
go the most amazing people in the world
are you ready to see some cool shit yeah
like tricks and fidget spinning flicks
and my god ways just train you see the
thing is right that just dudes making
multiple bubbles like that how is he
just one day when he's a kid he gets a
pack of bubbles blown and he's like
fucking our mate Josh have you seen me
like use these bubbles I can create
shapes of these bubbles no way mate how
amazing you should like use that in your
actual adult life yeah we'll make watch
me
here we are oh you're the old slow-mo
dance going on CR the holding a rose to
give her a rose and cringe see I always
think is that hard to do like the
slow-mo move I don't think it is is it
let's have a little we haven't really
what happened to it at all because where
I'm staying is absolutely tiny
I think I can definitely do this too
right is that the same thing how about
we try sitting in slow motion like me
that's how I know legs off that leg day
whoo yeah okay granted it's probably a
little bit harder than it looks
your ping pong can play beer pong with
themselves Oh
oh my god I remember this guy I remember
watching an eight honor to pool snooker
ball her her so that makes him funny
again how do these people decide that
that's a good thing to do I've seen live
people swallow swords I'm just like why
have you ever gone thought you know I
fun video today shoving eight swords
down my throat you can try that too
yeah great let's just mess about and try
it how did you get into that kind of
stuff
should I do perfect is this is this
actually Olympic training or is this
like an f2 freestyler version of ping
pong I'm not that I'm sure I could just
hit a ball with my wrist of it
so that's not that hard so I'm saying
this because I'm actually at the table
tennis pro myself I'll have you know I
can I could take most of you on a table
tennis are this guy's a legend Remi
Gaillard Ramin I used to always never
know if his videos a real or fake
because he's known for like either
prankster pseudo Louie's pranks but he's
just all so amazing at football and he's
the kind of person that doesn't look
like he's amazing at football you know
you look him and you do not think he's
capable of those talents
it's very impressive my son the moving
trolley so that's just like looking for
your meat for a header isn't it boom
I love its walk-off thing with these
videos like dude perfect it's like very
very impressive but how many hours have
they actually spent attempting to get
that one shot it's very impressive when
it comes off and when it's shown in
video over as well my god wow you're so
amazing but actually takes a long time
doesn't matter when it's now an internet
sensation with me oh my god the good boy
thing is going to settle down when
you're listening to nothing but the best
of oldies you're listening to magic 989
thank you so much god bless he is
amazing and we'll be back with more
right after being for Heaney I hope he
got a job off that owl or something
because he has a talent and he's
homeless
health amount someone oh yes sick
undeniably sick
all right we guys unnecessarily slow
motion replay derp those do perfect is
not ridiculous it doesn't in real Oh
damien walters I hate like I mean I love
watching his videos damien Walters is
this nutty gymnast from the UK it's just
tough insane things with them he's kind
of like a real-life spider-man this is
how I felt I could have progressed if I
continued my gymnastics so sir
no don't do the heart ah ridiculous
so so thick I mean you could just get
into bed normally but you know want to
make it special should be fruit to
thumper well you left your boxes on may
when you pick them off yo are those it's
just normal who tubes are they sort of
magnetic in some kind of way or is he
just them just some sort of with kid
it's so therapeutic to watch okay we got
high mountain oh this is Henry what you
down oh my god dude void
oh my god just makes me feel sick
what the fuck whose idea is that for a
celebration of your birthday yeah let's
go almost died by balancing a couple of
glasses for a laugh I mean fair play
incredible talent book more of course
your Joe says I want you insane he's sat
on a platform isn't a and it's got baggy
trousers on that's how those things work
burn man
I got padding in his bum and that's why
he's got such baggy trousers long also
it just looks like a bit of an insane
amp workout it's a great ad it's a size
for sticking them in front of booth oh
no I don't understand this how I do not
understand that can someone explain
science about to me because I am lost it
just left like 60 foot and onto a
stomach he's even got the strongest
stomach known to mankind or there's
science behind that
oh here another slow-motion replay are
there okay it's neck how is this head
still attached to his body there oh okay
no I'm down
are these the eyebrows didn't they use
these kids in a Capri Akbar I mean is
that that hard isn't it when it's not
get going yeah okay that's now weird
she's just lighting an airport as well
possibly the weirdest talent of the
whole video but there we go we've all
just laid our eyes upon some incredibly
talented and slightly weird individuals
that grace this this earth I hope you
guys enjoyed this video if you did make
sure to give it thumbs up I'll see you
tomorrow with another video goodbye
