but uh I'm going into VidCon today for
the first time actually Ivan got in yet
I've just been yesterday I did a lot of
editing which is how I spend most of my
day so I don't understand how people can
daily vlog but I also saw you're hanging
out by the pool yesterday oh yeah I'm
having a massage those two shoes I guess
I do have time Jenna have those days
when you just want to like chop all your
hair off because it just is so frickin
annoying
no yeah me neither my friend was much
like my friends down here on point ah
hello beautiful sexy people welcome
welcome to another victim video because
like I said trying videos coming at you
from VidCon still that it's three whilst
we're here so you have one more after
this but oh I say it's going to be one
of the ones that we did before it's a
triangle what does this mean this is a
new thing on my camera I don't know what
it means but um yeah hello-o like what I
look today I look absolutely
horrific for itchy legs look bad get on
with the video today's video is trying
weird Pringles flavors Pringles
but also going to do what we always do
and we're going to mix them together as
well so we've got some very strange
flavours here and some we got a couple
new ones and we've got some strange ones
so we've got slightly more but I've
never tried any of these so cheddar
cheese ooh
cheddar cheese actually an hour
officially flavoured potato crisps or
used to love Pringles on our jungle
cheddar cheese I mean they are very
cheesy as listen that is the colour of
them so cheddar cheese Cheers
I on it nice I mean very cheesy very
very cheesy
they're almost a bit too cheesy for my
liking and if that's even a thing but oh
wow they're so strong okay going to give
them a four out of ten noon in the four
out of ten next up we got feature we got
the pizza flavor never tried that I what
is Pete to flavor like how is something
pizza flavor what we've got is a
margarita is it pepperoni there's so
many different Pete's of flavors I'm not
really sure let's just how can they do
that how can you meet them in case like
a pizza attribute Arizona Peter how do
you do that I'm sorry but I don't I
don't get that I don't I mean it tastes
amazing it's great but how do you mean
think tastes like a pizza all right next
up we've got spicy quiz Oh what is that
it's got pictures of chilies cheese and
yeah
spicy quiz oh oh that does not smell
nice
oh oh
though Karissa oh my god who on
earth is paying for that Wow there's so
bad oh my god and Wow I mean I love
Pringles but that flavor whoa you know
what I think it was this this cheese
what is that feta cheese or something I
cannot stand oh my god oh no no one I'm
really not looking forward for is
screaming dill pickle pickle flavored
crisps like that that is not meant to be
is it all right spicy pickle we're going
train
know what that's surprisingly amazing oh
that is amazing oh I thought that was
gonna be horrible that is amazing
you got to tell me when you have your
McDonald's burger used to take the
pickles out on eat them first because I
used to do that do you do that all right
so how to rule them individually
probably take pizza then pickle then
cheese then where's Oh what now we're
going to try all of them together mixing
them together one of each like so
oops like so one too hot for you don't
want the quasi one three ah
four all right here we go we got four
okay all then three two one n
my god that is phenomenal
Wow Oh amazing
why was stuff minister davutoglu
considering i hated that it was kind of
nice mixed in with the others because
it's you lost the cheese flavor or
whatever it wasn't in light and you just
have a bit of spice in there so you've
got the other flavors combining and
being it's a bit like a home no that was
just a nice combination in my mouth I'm
happy about that Wow
I highly recommend going out buying a
bunch of Pringles and make them because
that tasted unreal Wow okay well I hope
you guys enjoyed this video if you did
make sure to give it a big thumbs up
again with all of these mixing things
together if you think I should try
something or something final ever either
tweet me or leave your comments and I
will read through them and if there's
something for me to do all right cool
well thanks for watching gives me the
thumbs up and I will see you guys
tomorrow with another one goodbye
goodbye Kirby
