hello beautiful sexy people how are we
going welcome still at VidCon filming
videos here yeah I want to bounce your
rocking chair Oh
sign me up into a rap song yo today
we're going to be looking at youtubers
first videos going through a whole bunch
of different intersperse videos although
the youtubers
some teachers we're looking at a newer
youtuber so I feel like YouTube has
changed quite a lot since people like me
YouTube dinosaur my first video was like
a little kid in his bedroom outboard and
not really knowing where YouTube what
YouTube is or what where it could go
whereas people who start youtube more
freak more recently kind of know what
YouTube is and they know they can come
in and start with this vision of what
exactly they want to have so basically
what I'm saying is these people's videos
first videos often much better than
older youtubers first videos because we
didn't know what we're doing here we go
the first item is looking at david
dobrik the legend himself I want my
favorite youtubers his vlogs shit and
yeah I had the chance to actually meet
him I met him yesterday at VidCon and
it's pretty cool like we smell each
other we had this moment we'll probably
talk about on the podcast so make sure
this is a podcast there's a link just
down there not tonight episode but more
about VidCon it will come out in a few
weeks
yeah the earlier anyway let's go save a
look what David Stern so 15 February
wow that's not that oh that's like two
and a bit years old oh we haven't got
the 421 theme that you've got going on
right now see david dobrik if you don't
know me that's because I'm a piece of
shit motherfucker oh yeah cuz here I
have a piece of shit yeah um that's my
that's my slot that may be my fourth
girlfriend new youtuber you know new
fresh videos every week every Friday
outside up alone
so I'm subscribe let me know if you like
that video that's coming up nothing
positive so bad
in true in terms of like the lighting
first like opening intro shadow whatever
and sick I want I want you like record
me driving around the corner and we'll
put like some slow-motion shit I'm going
to drive around the corner like looking
really cool and it's truly sick it's not
what
it's not goes on the video but I hit it
so hard
I gave evening to pupae blow it down Wow
Wow I love you it's so funny because his
works have now turned into like his
whole crew and everything that happens
in that words you don't really see him
environment camera where he's not
holding it so it's kind of interesting
to see that Wow I believe that the drag
is starting and I believe in the kingdom
charging
I swear he always has gum in his mouth
by even my own the other day chomping on
gum and even there he's just got
cheering up mint now cool first video
that is like funny
not now awkward I'm a big fan that first
video also he hasn't really changed my
cow he's looked in two years I can Keith
lost weight in his face and his hair is
just that weight has just gone into his
hair his hair is just like
uncontrollable mr. LP Logan
poor mr. Pooler his first video is a
vine compilation' because he put off on
vine he was huge on by muzzling I don't
really know if I remember watching any
of his vines I'm sure I probably did but
let's see this is his first video like
loads and pulls various finds we have
them all in one place in this epic
compilation thanks Logan no no I don't
care I don't care Amell I don't care bum
I did read I've seen oh yeah I remember
that vine oh shit is that him can he
actually back foot girls be like I mean
yeah so he could Steve but I'm not mad
at her anything dear diary I hope the
lead burns look at the pass some people
like me because I'm always checking
myself out yeah
I've got to say I think your hair is
much better much better there then it is
now
let's go oh man I've seen loads of find
them beware of the survey monkey yeah
yeah I know this is a drive-through and
I'm not on a car but I'm on my brother
design hey leave get out fuck is that
real is that real no I don't believe
that's real that's not even him look how
skinny I want to ask him does anyone
have insight whether that's him or not
Charlie the dog by morning me dead
what's up guys I'm just show my boys
around my man Lodge aromas to the white
mother for today we observe a wild
gazelle of a very rare to see especially
on a treadmill I've been spotted
oh it's when everyone is a growing on me
I wanna show you how to care about oh my
don't be like I was such a thing on ball
movement gas be like boys be like Miami
man damn today we observe two basic
white girls in their natural habitat
whatever you do don't touch the copper
are you crazy
sighing I'm good mines right final
youtuber we're gonna be watching today
is jenna Marbles the queen of YouTube
the legend herself she inspired me to
make to like change my style of videos
when I first did like things boy do
things girls do she inspired that and
she's just a legend she's been around
for a while she's smashing it killing it
she's a babe so Charles Franklin marbles
is a sad man absolutely no idea what
this is
Saints do have a dog
there once lived a very sad man named
Charles Franklin Marvel's on lies the
quantity on his license for the border
you know I tell about the quality thing
like new youtubers versus old youtubers
oh they'll adult mr. lion
mr. lines both my skin
the touch stupid step
what the
oh she dodgy for them mom might never be
back
- Connie
he just fell there's nothing left a
little all a lion offered desperately to
find himself the change in the look blah
blah blah
that will never be
come on Carol Oh
I'm going to the noodle again with only
a memory it's a video just and what
masterpiece Jana hi Jenna moon what
absolute masterpiece wow I feel like
I've just been let into your artistic
brain on your dog's life and where it's
going to end up on its January journey
to finding love B oh my god well
everybody I hope you enjoyed this video
give it a thumbs up if you did let me
know if you want me to do more youtubers
and if you do I'll do some more very
soon or not I'll see you guys tomorrow
good bye bye blue like
