hello beautiful sexy people it is the
morning at VidCon again at that I don't
think my voice sounds as deep as
yesterday but I do still have a bit of a
sore throat and yeah I've like literally
work nights like is that what's the time
is it like 7:20 or something now I'm
talking to our neighbor I don't have
ever filmed a video this early 24/7 got
a lot to do today that's why filming
some episodes of the podcast today and
also we're actually having our first
guest on the podcast and I'm going to
leave it as surprised as who that is but
a lot of you know who they are
and they make very good videos and
they're also my friend Calvin Klein gave
me these like great these what this is
great they gave me a bunch of clothes
and this is really really comfy cool
story alright today's video all right
today's video is something we haven't
tried yet I'm not sure if this has been
done yet but mixing things together is
just popular right now everyone's doing
it we haven't done it really in terms of
setting out to do it we've done it when
we've just messed about doing things but
the first time we enemy doing is energy
drinks so we're out here in America
we've got five different types of energy
drinks first we're going to just go
through the energy drinks cuz I don't
think I've even tried any of them and
like try the normal energy drink then
mix every end drink energy drink
together and see how it tastes
it's probably going to send me through
the roof to be honest because I'm
absolutely knackered right now so this
is your night waking beam is that your
boys cologne ball in that look when Kim
learn is every day bro
I listed that song every morning to give
me motivation my day is that your portal
over okay we go this is unbearable all
the way so cool right so five different
antigens we've got rock star recovery
boom we have all I have
Miska for classic Red Bull we have the
green edition Red Bull no idea what that
is
we have monster energy and we have
Monster Energy ultra red boom that's
what we're working with okay energy
drinks are weird right
they're just full of sugar basically
serving size one can redbull 27 grams of
sugar but how much caffeine do they have
an investor's coffee because if I need
an energy boost Coningsby I really need
to get some energy drinks tell me I need
an energy boost I go for coffee not Red
Bull caffeine content atmo grams I'm
pretty sure there's the exact same
amount in coffee and ice right Red Bull
here we go I I have not drunk my ball in
a long time but I love Red Bull to love
the smell of it although I used to drink
this with with my mixer like when I was
18 mixed vodka with Red Bull don't do
that because it's not good for your
heart because alcohol slows your heart
rate down on Red Bull speeds up so drink
red Bull on its own great not an alcohol
anyway tasting Red Bull because I
haven't had it in like five years that
just brings back ultimate memories Red
Bull they just smell eli Red Bull I used
to do shit for me now yeah I'll make you
hate thing of it so guys I'm out of the
rest of this ranks I mean the green
edition Red Bull have no idea what is
vitalizes body and mine why is it great
what it's like good most good for this
so this can has 40 grams of sugar in so
good day I don't know a difference in
this one is there a more satisfying
sound in the world than that oh my god
smells totally different actually smells
like a healthy green juice
that tastes weird that tastes like a
healthy drink but it has 40 grams of
sugar in it
so I'm not really sure what how I'm so
confused with that the taste of kiwi
apple artificially flavored interesting
I prefer the taste of the original one
but no yeah right next we got Rockstar
recovery I don't I don't know
I remember what rock star is rock style
has it been around for a long time yeah
yeah hmm it smells good this only has
this has 10 calories in it how should
well not that much 3 grams per serving
two servings about that life so it's
orange flavor then I don't like ah
that's why I don't like it because
non-carbonated I put it in my mouth I
was like why does this taste like a flat
drink because non-carbonated I just
wasn't expecting that from you go to
Oprah cat and you don't expect it to not
be fizzy that's a very weird feeling
it's my alarm going off right there
so nice relaxing sound replace my lungs
not 740 no your lungs no no no keep this
up right next up on the trial got month
so let's go over the original one so I
think I used to have one of these when I
played basketball I think that might be
monster actually I used to love monster
have you guys get bit of ASMR in here
Oh smells good jaesik and hiss come help
it oh it does smell very good how much
shoes in here 54 grams sugar how much
did you have a day but from then 37
grams there is more than your daily
intake for what they of what though
just under 50 kg so they exemplify grams
or nine pieces is that of like added
sugar though because there's a yes yes
attitude okay so because I was gonna
take their sugar then you know you your
banana there's like 25 grams sugar in
that large metal field so this is added
sugars but hey that doesn't matter
also I think that logo is really cool
one stirs just scratch that is amazing
that my favorite by far tastes so good
and we've got monster energy ultra red
like what does that mean
oh boy zero grams of sugar hello
cheeky little thing here we go zero
sugar hit me also amazing I would drink
that black before the gin I should drink
this how much cap again I don't know how
much caffeine that doesn't say I mean
it's not talking I don't know if this is
got caffeine in it you know mustard says
energy drink anyway now we've tried them
all now it's time to actually get on to
the main part which is mixing more so
just going to pour of it I've known
forever not the color
monsters going in here we go let's go
that much
looks like beer redbull green well it
does look green actually it just looks
like a bit monster red all that's red
that's quite cool that's actually but
red
all right the last two we've got the
flat rock so which is orange and then we
got the old Red Bull really buzzing off
my kit let me give the fuck up all right
we like during playes mark this is what
we got the yeah this June gloom in LA
right now so it basically means it's
cloudy for hours and hours and hours and
it's just one really really cloudy now
and you can't really even see the color
of drink it's there
it smells like it could be a drink in
itself
it kind of works but you know what's the
most overpowering red ball is the most
overpowering one it's weird it doesn't
taste like it should be a drink if I'm
completely honest also the one flat
drinks made the whole thing go really
flat I'm not a fan of that but
definitely get stuck on your teeth
what you doing yeah slapping this week
weird isn't it you want the rest of it
don't ya
so from today's experiment I would say
definitely stick with the drinks
individually and don't mix them all
because they're just better on their own
but yeah I hope you enjoyed the first
kind of mixing video I know this wasn't
that colorful as an end product but hey
it still works as a taste test let me
know if you want to see more stuff like
this let me know what we could try and
give video thumbs up if you enjoyed it
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys tomorrow because it's everyday bro
all right you guys my bye
ah
