hello beautiful sexy people I'm at
VidCon right now filming this video I've
lit literally just woken up
so hence why I'm has probably all over
the shop my 30 sounds a bit funny cuz
still got a bit of a cough and I have to
talk about the lighting I can see it
here the Sun is just beaming through the
window and I've had to put like this
curtain over but it kind of got lines on
my face so you guys know we just work
with relying on this channel okay today
we're playing guess the youtuber by
their outro on as a feel member ha ha ha
me figure yeah oh that's well yeah
goodbye
Joe sugg yeah but no I hope you enjoyed
video if you did give me thumbs up
Cheers
goodbye great so good yeah
oh you're gonna be good at it give this
video a thumbs up if you like these
types of videos and subscribe to this
youtube channel because this is a great
channel that someone out there that's
really helped Acheson oh we got a slick
video because I'll be sleepy voices I
know okay yeah and I just want to say in
advance because I know what you're going
to be like thank you so much for the
love and the sport I'll catch you
tomorrow you're doing very well
a three out of three you ready yep
anyway guys I appreciate it straighter
and we'll be fine dude is there voice
come over I did not think you'd be this
good anyway guys I appreciate you and
we'll be seeing you next time thanks
guys so it's not even ours this is gets
you to buy their voice yeah I guess
actually
it's - in that video I guess it's more
just a dirt I love you very much happy
this game I love you very much and I'll
see you again very soon bye amazing so
hey what yeah panicked whispering that
was well played if I didn't subscribe by
clicking my button down and check out my
last video yeah
oh my hahaha you know me I want to go
just fit by - good but thank you guys so
much for watching I think you guys is
them and why do not sow see you tomorrow
guys
putter no but we all right now you just
don't fit oh yeah just rewind it a
little bit and what I do know is that I
will see you tomorrow because what oh
yeah
I'll play again why can't you play
longer than that cuz you get it and what
I do know is that I will see you
tomorrow because - boy is it boy yeah
I'll see to MOBAs and what I do know is
that I will see you tomorrow the guys
Joey no play the whole clip so you go
wrong okay and what I do know is that I
will see you tomorrow because it's every
day going home and what I do know is
that I will see you tomorrow because
it's everyday Honda
oh yeah you will having a brilliant day
and I will see you my next video I lost
100 gay heart
I'll be good aa-actually little pieces
of my heart I will see you in the
bathroom
I think it's not five so you got that's
nine out of ten so you didn't even
played the whole clip of the other one
so essentially attending to got a
ionizer oh yeah that is all I have for
you guys today I hope you enjoyed it
maybe the video is a little bit short
yeah I'm gonna be telling a bunch more
videos here light-dependent I can see
the Sun it's like going this way and I'm
hoping when it goes I can then just open
the window and film normally yeah look
out for those videos but other than that
thanks for watching and I'll see you
guys tomorrow no one goodbye
