city she's all excited enough she just
came in hi morning my paints a screen up
exactly hmm
can your aqui easily knock Archie Archie
yeah I think you oh did you guys have
such a fun sleepover at our house if I'm
the lady who owns them she's small
they're rescues and they escapade when
she was in the neighborhood so she's
coming to pick them up but they're both
for adoption so if you would like to
adopt two very wonderful amazing doggies
we love the lead I love Archie love both
oh he's just a lot he's good from her
backyard yeah Archie needs like a family
to take care of him you know Archie
needs like a little boy but like this
one this is like human princess right
here I don't know how I'm gonna say
goodbye to her look at her miss lady do
you like it here miss lady yeah she just
hopped up on that like that I'm Julianne
so that he could hug her what's the
matter honey Archie just wants to escape
we know how you got lost
could you love skate partes he's somehow
managed to get into the front yard
you're not here now you miss lane oh
we've been laying about all day I don't
feel good I'm taking painkillers I feel
terrible but you know it's making me
feel better
listen
lady Petey Petey girl let's go lady lady
you're just watching all frogs of her is
so cute
so the two dogs that we had first of all
their names were Sydney and Archer and
they were really cute and last night
Gillian like had tweeted that out I
guess what did you tweet no I posted the
vlog and from the vlog someone tweeted
at me with the Craigslist course lesbos
knew that the woman had posted so
they're being fostered and they're not
at a shelter like they didn't escape
from a shelter anything it's like a
house close to our neighborhood
where this woman owns a house and then
the house next door and has like foster
dogs there that they bring in from other
parts of California that don't have as
high of a chance of them getting adopted
so for those of you thinking that
they're like in a shelter what they're
not apparently they're very spoiled and
when someone would to go visit the the
house the shelter the two of them thick
as thieves just ran out the door like
these guys that's why it was so easy to
catch them like they were just out on a
little Joyride basically but
they are available for adoption we
really do love Sydney and we are
seriously considering adopting a bigger
dog but it does not seem like it would
be the right thing to do to adopt one of
them and not the other one do sing
there's a chance they won't get adopted
together but that's kind of the case
with every dog right following each
other yeah like we loved her so much I
just don't think that it was the right
dog for us to adopt in this world I know
I'm gonna miss her a lot too
but I've done this before with little
Jack years ago you just have to decide
like you if I kept every dog that I
found I'd have a lot of dogs I loved her
a lot we definitely couldn't keep Archer
he needs like a fan yeah we can't handle
him he needs like a family with a lot of
energy he's like more
work I think than our three dogs
combined like he needs a lot of
attention he would be good at fee was
someone doing took like a mile and a
half walk like high paced hot out
whatever we get home and he's like
immediately trying to play yeah and he
could escape the back yeah he escaped
our backyard yeah he jumped over the
brick wall in our backyard yeah which
was bad news I think we need to find a
dot we will adopt a bigger dog but the
way that we found them together and then
seeing them together it just really I
don't know how else to explain it it
just doesn't feel right to adopt her
without him I know that seems stupid but
we will adopt a dog in the future bright
side we got to have a really fun
sleepover we did we had such a fun
sleepover with them it was like really
really sad to say goodbye to them after
we did that we sort of just came into
bed because I'm not I'm so feeling
 shitty I thought I was feeling
okay like we walked them for a long time
this morning I was alright but
I really I needed this like rest you
know society sucks we're fun and funny
today
I miss the babies the big babies but we
know where they live we can go visit
this hmm go visit the visiting Hermits
kind of sad he misses them he was like
getting really comfortable around them
towards the end of this morning
right when we need to give me that tail
baby girl gg-get was that day leave me
hey so I'm kind of doobie on painkillers
right now my mom actually got on a
flight and she made it she was gonna
come in the morning as a flight got
canceled but she's actually coming
tonight now and everybody else is coming
in the morning dog I'm just trying to
put up this garland that I thought was a
little longer and I was gonna put her on
my stairs it doesn't fit I'm trying to
put it up on the spot
up there it's a nightmare is up there
over target Oh Christmas Oh baby oh I
 did it a super my cell doesn't
even look that good
I wasn't even worth it bridge oh hey if
you hate yourself you especially you
well pretty fun good boy bad boy car
c'mere
crumb it I'm going to take it off
alright thank you for being nice to
mommy and wearing it permit are you
doing so here's the deal my family is in
town I still have to like do a regular
work but as you guys know I don't blog
my family this is much more difficult
than I had anticipated usually when we
go to war again like everything's fine
here sometime but like them here this is
probably impossible for me that posting
I think there's a day where they're
going to go somewhere I also might be
able to vlog that day but really like
this may be my last vlog was post and I
hope that you're ok with that because
I've like clearly had a really good time
this vlog medicide until I got kind of
sick and went to the hospital all that
yesterday was like I took one that
painkiller and was like I don't even
know where like where you live stream on
Twitch and I was like giggle puss City
and I did not take one of those today
thankfully I was able to just take
ibuprofen and be okay but like I had
like up like sick and not well a
kind of a mess and then my family came I
hope you understand that I'm not
vlogging all the way through Christmas
and that you're not too terribly upset I
might be able to post me once or twice
like I said but this may be the end
vlogmas and i hope that you're not
crushed by that like i said last year
but I really genuinely mean this here
will try my best to get genuine blogging
a little bit because it's been really
really really fun and I hope that you
liked it too it's never too late to just
smash that just like button and
unsubscribe pray for my girl boo-boos
and I'll keep you updated so I say thank
you for watching vlogs and being really
great and awesome and having a good time
with me
and I could spend some time with my
family because none of them live around
here
not very often I get to see them so I'd
like to make the most of this time hope
that you have a really wonderful holiday
and might see you I might not I really
genuinely feel about my heart mean it
like I care a lot about you and it means
the world to me that you have
participated in the Buddy massages and
the beer giftmas and the bun and my life
so I hope that you have the best
Christmas Hanukkah Kwanzaa whatever and
I'll see you very soon
so buh -
