hi otter whoa
so hello have been logbook well happy
work fuck my dude is back to the bar
male about to Skype so you do my radio
show and then we'll vlog more later but
you know how Thursday go what the hell
is glitter in your hair it's all over my
face is on my eyes you look beautiful
those your pants wow this is forever
guys this is what happens when you
glitter beard one time he is in the vlog
happy vlog fuck we did it we put up
curtains look how nice that looks
it's a little whatever because they go
behind the headboard but you know better
than those paper curtains and I got some
new little towels for in here so we can
leave them in here the official guest
towels that match the official guest
curtains come be ah yes we our guests
would all just be ok see you can shower
you can get it's everywhere
it is never going to come off the table
my god
yeah I know my hair is crazy but guess
what the air mattress came deleon
excited how's your waffle iron I'm axel
excited to set it up and so excited set
it up don't hang up again me I'm excited
are you
we got this time it looks so cool this
is the case for it yeah but it's part of
it didn't you watch the tutu's
roll it up danced over here think you go
like that
maybe it's backwards the other side wow
it's like it's an earful it's gonna open
up to the side of you my old air
mattress you could adjust like how hard
or firm you wanted this one you can't
but I mean this is the cost of it look
how cool it oh my god is coming for us
you can deflate it the same way too
right
by the way
yeah so it's not going to get tattered
and fucked up when we put it in the
closet you know that's how our one broke
by being put in the closet like this
cool is fuck-boy and then it's like not
on the floor like an air mattress so huh
like a centipede
stopped and started to play I think it's
because we have to manually stop next
time oh you're like over here just read
that thing does not turn off
automatically oh fuck we really blew it
it just said that you at the wait 30
minutes fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
fuck it all cool clips right 30 minutes
later here we go again I just stopped it
see oh that's nice it's like a real big
I'm real boy look like a garbage can
today help me it's good it's not a bad
ah he's like it's not on the ground like
an air mattress yeah so nice all right
here it is all finished that's so nice
welcome to Jenna's gym themed guest room
we had to move the pictures because here
in California if there's an earthquake
and that's your falls on your head it's
not like a deal here is the gym themed
side table and there's another one in
the closet just in case she wants an
extra side table may get a tray or
something in case she wants to put
something flat but I think it came out
really nice pretty comfortable too bad
it doesn't really feel like an air
mattress because it's on the support so
you know how an air mattress you sort of
like wiggle from side to side but
because it's like stabilized even though
it's not a real mattress you can tell
that it feels like really comfortable
because it's not moving or fucking
around this is really dope mom this is
gonna be your guest room if you'd like
to stay with us so hope you like it be
ah yes we are good yes do you think this
is your bed now it's mine I decided it's
mine oh you know it's really not for you
you know what this bed is good for
Kermit this Thanks
Paden - gonna get you home you can stay
on this day if you were bringing to a
deep-tissue of I tell you can see you
but into the sheath come on let's go
downstairs this isn't your bed come on I
know I need you to all the time we need
each other don't we my god you know I
just fucking realize I don't know if you
can see that there's glitter on here
already oh fuck my life yeah it covered
in you're gonna clear all of our shows
look at this rice that we made to dinner
and then tasted okay yeah mmm why sure I
was really good lime cilantro full of
oil in there yeah perfect oh why didn't
you um oops good morning
so last night Julian's actual best
friend of her Chase was in town visiting
we had a good time hanging out with him
didn't vlog any of that because chase
isn't like on the internet right yeah
you know it doesn't work I'm sure you
guys know people like that or you are
one of those people you're a spectator
of the Internet but many reasons may be
your job may be other reasons you can't
exactly be on the internet or present
yourself on the Internet we had a really
good time hanging out with him maybe
you've been following Julian for a long
time you know who chases it was really
wonderful he had brought like five
pillows with him for no reason he just
showed up with like he's visiting from
New York City I have no idea he like had
a car and like four king-size pillows
like we haven't seen him in more than a
year and he just walks in walks in with
four king-size pillows this pillow and
I'm like are we keeping these and he was
like yeah there for you and I'm like
should I give you this pillowcase and
he's like so you don't feel the tag I'll
pick up the flick Jace are you kidding
me was actually like unbelievably
helpful I'm gonna put them in the guest
room in that bed so we have extra
pillows a really wonderful thoughtful
thing just in to do that's what we did
last night so I apologize for not
blogging any of that but you know you
got to respect people's privacy because
people are people and the internet is
not for
everybody Kermit's crying because he's
alive can you say goodbye to the vlog we
got a bunch of stuff we're gonna do
today but you know it is what it is that
could be I guess come be your guest we
have the pillows do you ever just pet
your dog and shake them a little bit oh
you don't mind no you see I don't mind
it's like a nice little button is bad I
believe I'm not b5 anybody it's Bobby
happy blog but I see one okay bye oh
yeah hello
