we're gonna take it one step one step at
a time so you okay okay yeah we're a
hatter no yeah no happened well can I
get away with my hair like this I'm not
gonna hair my hair my hair we can figure
a word it doesn't show low though like I
mean the first time you showed me try
that
oh this yeah Trevor if we could figure
out a way where death doesn't block the
light in your face I don't want problem
so I like this I can't switch it you can
I can't
it's like okay I know this sounds
ridiculous no that's much like it only
sticks on my head how's my school visit
sure I don't know I'm not good at hair
stay of love suppose his hat yeah yeah
it looks better now yeah alright so I'm
going down and neat no yeah my smile
yeah I don't know I mean that's been
there since we moved in
look natural I know my neck is now I
have this thing that pops up next
