all right so this isn't going to be a
funny video or like a good blog or
anything say but I've been meaning to
make this video for the longest time the
number one question people ask me is
what do you eat and what is your like
exercise what do you do like what do you
do to stay thin or whatever in shape um
so I'm finally gonna answer you Krim
yeah we um so to answer your question
about my diet um I'd say six out of
seven days I gave myself one cheat day I
keep a vegan diet so I don't eat any
meat cheese any animal by-products so no
like butter no nothing like that um
ideally I would like to stretch that out
to seven days but I feel like I go crazy
and I need to have like I don't know a
salad with some cheese on it or
something or else I'm gonna go nuts um I
also do really like cheeseburgers
so I have one day and they're I don't
always do that but um where I can eat
meat and you know I love with boys so
they get chicken wings and pizza and
stuff all the time so I don't want to be
like that weird person now I don't do
this as any like I'm not a crazy like
animal freak or anything which is fine
if you are but I I do it because as soon
as I started as soon as I changed my
diet to vegan diet any no animal
by-products my body felt completely
different I had so much energy um I
didn't ever feel tired after I ate
something so and it keeps you thin like
Without Really Trying so that's why I do
it but to take you through like a
typical day of what I eat I have this
super awesome blender um you can screw
the blades as dirty cuz they're you
drink my smoothie tea so you can just
use through the blade into the bottom
and then it just um blends like the
individual cup and then you can
this anywhere it's like a little travel
mug thing oh marble oh so I usually put
um like a banana in there with some
frozen berries and black seed oil she
can get some fats in your diet and some
like juice and that's it or you can put
like some protein powder in there um or
if I get really bored that works like
winter and it's freezing cold out I will
make myself like a piece of whole-wheat
toast with some all-natural peanut
butter on there um which is really good
I mean I sometimes I like to sprinkle
cinnamon on there because it's delicious
um but since I'm going to Cancun in like
two weeks I'm not eating the peanut
butter toast I'm eating berries and that
kind of thing something I've been
experimenting with is mixing like a
berry smoothie with like spinach and
greens and making like a really green
smoothie
you can't ever taste it it's actually
pretty delicious if I if I'm like sick
of this smoothie I'll get mangoes or
like peaches they sell tons of frozen
fruit makes it really easy to make
something delicious for the breakfast so
that is usually what I do for breakfast
no my lunch is almost always a salad
it's easy to pack if I ever have to go
anywhere um really easy to make it for
my protein in this meal um I usually put
like nuts or beans is like my main
source of protein so I I just bought
this as like cranberries and walnut
some other seeds in whatever in there
that's usually my lunch if I'm really
born that I'll I'll try to get like some
vegetable soup I just made a gigantic
batch of vegan soup so I just heat that
up and eat that if I'm tired of a salad
if I get hungry in between doles and I
want a snack usually my snacks are fruit
like a piece of fruit like an apple or
an orange or banana maybe some nuts like
some almonds that kind of thing
that's usually what eat I don't ever
like limit snacks so if I'm hungry eat
some nuts and somebody in us and some
fruit and I can do that after breakfast
after lunch even after dinner like to me
it doesn't really matter what time of
day you eat your food I know there's
different research out there that you
know points to either way but I feel
like if you're really hungry you should
eat something so I'll eat a snack I'll
eat some fruit or some no dinner is
usually a little more complicated for me
because I don't ever feel like going to
the grocery store and getting a bunch of
stuff and like cooking a special like
meal or whatever so I usually like keep
it really simple it's super boring um I
have like tons of bags of frozen like
whole green beans and broccoli and all
different kinds of vegetables
I usually steam vegetables and then I'll
have like some brown rice or I'll put
sesame seeds on there for protein I do
have a really really awesome vegan
cookbook
there's tons of recipes in there for
like anything they have everything under
the Sun
so you really can't get that board as if
you put like some effort into it like if
I didn't feel like doing a smoothie they
have like breakfast burritos like they
have all these sandwiches like unique
hummus and all kinds of stuff it's
really easy to get your protein in all
the vitamins and nutrients that your
body needs in order to function from
vegetables I do really like for dinner
if I'm like really lazy they have like
microwavable like vegan dinners so you
can get like whole foods or even hey
even like shah's has them um or other
grocery service our lice hey um so I
don't get some of the lab mate that I
used to be big hey hey into making tofu
that is my right right Kermit and then I
read a study that your body's not
supposed to take it as much tofu as
Americans do like somehow like the
soybean isn't quite as good as we
thought it was that's just one study um
take it or leave it whatever but I I
decided to go like hardcore like just
everything is natural
everything is just I don't know you
could you could grow it in your backyard
and sustain yourself that kind of thing
so yeah I will a lot make microwave
dinners in or salad as far as my
exercise is concerned I um I do have a
gym membership I go there I try to go
there if I can in the morning really
early when I get up um I usually do the
elliptical like I I do something called
hits which is like um I forget what that
stands for but it's like in interval
training intensity training whatever so
you're basically doing like 1 like 1
minute or 30 seconds of really hard
sprinting like going as hard as you can
and then you do like 3 minutes of
regular like if you want to treadmill
you be sprinting for 30 seconds to a
minute and then three or five minutes of
like walking or jogging I like to do it
on the elliptical because my knees hurt
every once in a while so and I have bad
sneakers and they're not that good for
your feet but I can't afford to get new
sneakers right now other than that my
gym gets so crowded so I like to do
other stuff in the house
I have Comcast and they have like
fitness on demand and also I'll just do
like I do like old school stuff for
talking sit-ups push-ups lunges like all
that stuff is you can't really go wrong
like you can Google different exercises
or like little routines just do those
like to a circuit of that like three
five days a week and then I do still
gogo dance so that is an intense cardio
workout that I get from that from
dancing for an hour so that's that's
pretty much it um
really if I were to say one thing don't
if you're gonna try to keep a vegan diet
like if you're really craving something
just eat it then you won't go crazy and
you're less likely to be like best
I need like a hundred chicken wings
right now or else I'm gonna die and be
really patient with yourself because it
it took me a long time to transition
into this diet when I first started I
was like this is a miserable I don't
know how anyone lives like this but now
it's actually it makes me very happy it
makes me feel very good I also drink a
lot of tea this is like this is like old
school tea like you put the leaves in
there and then you boil the water and
put it in there just delicious but I
drink any tea I also learned that all
teas are the same it doesn't matter if
you drink green tea white tea black tea
you're going to get all the same health
benefits because all of the tea leaves
all tea comes from the same kind of
plant so you're just getting different
parts you getting like the leaves you're
getting the buds you're getting the
stems you're getting you know different
stuff so they all have the same
antioxidants and all the seen they help
boost your metabolism and all that stuff
so I drink that instead of coffee which
kind of sucks
I do miss coffee a little bit but that's
about it
so for any of you I want to put this
video out because it's almost spring
break time I know I know I am and a lot
of people are in like super diet crunch
mode like exercise crazy mode I'd say
the biggest thing you can do for
yourself is to change your diet change
what you put in your body and your body
will change not super fast don't expect
to look super different in like a couple
days I'll give your body time to adjust
and you can have it six-pack them I'm
working on mine
boom we working under six tick yeah-ah
we're working on our stick stick yeah so
yeah that's what I eat that's why you
for exercise ah sorry this took me so
long to make I usually like handwrite
out every email that someone asks me um
so now all of you can know that's what I
do if it doesn't if it doesn't work for
you you can definitely I'm sure
incorporate like lean meats and
vegetarian or whatever or or you can I
don't know do something else but that's
what I do
and it works great so that's it bye
