Wow two turtle doves and a partridge in
a pear tree so sad I think Kermit looks
like Lady Gaga and his his cone it's
very avant-garde marbles tell them the
news so I wanted to share some very
exciting news for anyone that watches
this channel um
what is in your cone he has like
doodooing as you said it's like doodoo
in there is that gross kiss you haven't
noticed
which I'm sure you have all my videos
are like super low-quality I shoot them
all on my eyesight on my Mac I'm a new
Mac I've got 2006 Mac like not that good
and it's covered in fake tans real dirty
and if I ever shoot anything outside of
like my computer I shoot it with a flip
video camera which is supposed to be HD
but whenever I transfer it on my onto my
computer and like compress the file for
YouTube or whatever it always ends up
just looking real doodoo buttery and
like yucky and I don't know how to fix
that so if anyone has any advice I don't
know how to fix that but I'm really
excited because um a Harvard film
student approached me and asked me if I
was interested in collaborating with him
making some videos and he has like all
this stuff and disposal like equipment
and video stuff and lights and I don't
know a camera so boys will fight so my
news is that coming soon or starting on
Sunday you might actually see me in a
video that comes out clear you might get
to see like what I really look like it's
a crazy talk with a real video not just
sitting from my computer it's gonna be
real for real it's crazy but I guess I
just wanted to share that with you guys
because I feel like if you watch my vlog
channel that means that you want to be
my friend
because I I you guys watched me sing a
song about aimin orange whatever it's
weird um so yeah you guys want to have
friends yeah then I'm gonna talk to you
local friends friends right now so yeah
I'm excited we're we're gonna make some
videos and collaborate on some things
and yeah right I'm excited ha and not
the only other news that I can think to
share is that the animals are getting
their cold off on Thursday which is
pretty exciting you know these guys are
pretty happy about it so hurry
why are you kiss no some won't kiss you
I'm busy looking like a satellite dish
up in this bitch what the duck
robot duck oh that's what he said I was
translating for you all right okay
