yeah all right so I posted on my blog
while back about how I really wanted
something I've asked for a lot of things
on my blog but I finally groovy I
finally got one of them car latches
their eyelashes that go on Carla yeah
and I guess who sent them to me not a
reader well kind readers like godmother
for California why you so sad so I'm
going to go outside and put them on my
car right now I'm a little bit nervous
because a while back I want to gain it--
at this date and octane i'll having a
great time there's something due to the
shirts off over its great time so i
stole my purse and my phone i'm stole my
license and I can't get a new license
until I pay off all my parking tickets
which might be never so every time I'm
parked outside the house now I get a
ticket so I'm like I'm nervous if I put
these latches on there whatever sumia
tickets I really go backstage
I'm nervous all points on there but okay
so alright you just clean up way yeah
don't you girls
pretty late absolutely quiet crate
or not the stuff that you're supposed to
do this
which could be never be our could never
happen how come she don't say okay then
do it I think she's taken up all night
and tomorrow she could sleep over you
gonna be all right
Oh can't you go okay taking up more
night
it's Mars you can sleep all day is she
feeling pretty wait absolutely not
crazy
ah
here ladies
you
I'll drink your man
you have one
yeah
Claire
Oh Barney
