oh my god here he comes ha ha ha
whoa Oh careful fall what a jump what a
jump big guy whoa whoa horsey whoa who
wants to eat an orange who wants to eat
an orange
Kermit wants to eat an orange marble
wants to eat an orange everybody eats
oranges who wants to eat an orange yay
and we're eating fucking oranges and
never fucking stop it we'll eat a
fucking orange and we'll never fucking
stop it we'll eat a fucking orange and
we will fucking love it will peel the
fucking orange and that we will fucking
eat it will eat the fucking orange and
it will be delicious and then we'll
drink some coffee so that we can get
awesome
or then we already are whoa whoa will
eat a fucking orange and we will fucking
like it will lick the fucking on agenda
we will fucking eat it we peeled the
fucking orange and now we're gonna eat
it good song let me put that on iTunes
