all right so first thing in the morning
I wake up today I'm here with the guilty
party this is Kermit Kermit is an
Italian Greyhound who is very
mischievous and homeboy took my glasses
off of my nightstands and destroyed them
so I can't see on the lenses because
they have bite marks all over them and
he ate the half of my glasses off so I
feel like I'm wearing a masquerade mask
I didn't know how they're sitting on my
face and I'll look for Kermit where's
Kermit oh he's on the ground he's
chewing on my glasses some more like
this yeah you think that's so fun huh
yeah you think that's so fun he's such a
jerk what am I supposed to do now
ooh my glasses they're like all crooked
and weird yeah yeah but I gotta get
ready we gonna we gotta make a video
today we're moving over there where the
lights not weird
in Kermit
so I already mentioned everything hard
right like my book Marvel would never do
that remember would never eat my glasses
because he's too little
