good morning blog suck
well good money good morning
it is Wednesday my dues ah ah
today is my video day I'm making a video
for a main channel I wanted to make a
full-blown body massage song I think I'm
gonna hold off on that if I even end up
doing that because I might have just
really put the nail in that coffin after
yesterday's vlog but my video for today
I want to do something that Julian is
not going to be very happy about I want
to give him like a glittery Christmas
men cover men makeover I want to give
him a Christmas themed glitter beard
glitter eyebrows I don't know I just
kind of want to like make him a
beautiful shining Christmas man and
Julian's a good sport and he was on my
video last week but you know what like
it is with and I realized that my main
channel is just like slowly evolving
into a ratchet trolli beauty channel but
you know I'm like kind of okay with it I
like it I enjoy it it's like some of the
most fun videos to make they're just fun
also in Julian's vlog yesterday when
Kermit was biting me and people in the
comments were like he's in pain you
should go take him to the vet see if he
has arthritis like that's a pain
response boy it's because I'm beta you
know that right he doesn't see me as
alpha he sees me as below him so
whenever I try to move him or pet him he
just wants to be left alone it's like
I'm his younger sister bothering him
because he's very sweet to me we love
each other very much but I'm also
inferior to him and that's my - see if I
ask permission over and over again he'll
it karma can I get you and me can I help
you any thank you so much wow what a
blessing well thank you honey wow that
was so nice of you to let mommy hug you
see I'm the problem
it's me how was your day going good okay
and now that's it he's given enough time
to the beta female if I want to regain
alpha status I have to do things like
not baby him so much but you know
babying that boy I'm pushover playing
rocket League I'm a doormat
right but we gotta go to the beach
supply store packages still aren't here
which I'm upset about Julian's literally
playing rocket League with April and
soft grip from the TV we gotta go to
view supply store gets him stuff and I'm
gonna give Julian a christmas man Gober
he's Jewish though we should find a way
to Chanukah him somewhere this is gonna
be a mess Ryan looks really good I know
all right all right let's go so you just
stopped by its jo-ann fabrics
yes it's the craft store that is nearest
and I was waiting the checkout aisle so
just getting some extra glitter because
I have no idea how much glitter it's
gonna take a girl checking me out was
actually the girl that cut the fabric
for peach and Kermit's wedding dress and
stuff and I very like shoes you know
small talk home she's cutting the fabric
she was like oh it's important I was
like was right after the election and I
was like I'm just I'm gonna marry my
dogs so I'm gonna become a dress and she
like laughs pretty hard she's really
sweet and as I was just checking out now
it was the same girl and she just looked
up like quietly said to me how was your
dog's wedding looks like oh so good
thanks for asking she was like yeah my
my friends at supper posting it around
and she was like I just couldn't believe
it cuz I'd cut your fabric earlier that
day you cut it damn good yeah damn good
girl but I was like yeah dude I do
everything same days
super hectic so crazy the daughter's
wedding dressing the doctors from
Halloween turning me into peach all
those we've gotten everyone yeah she's
really sweet and I thought that was so
funny that I'm just buying little things
of glitter just like so how was she done
putting I don't know her name but
shout-out to you girl at joy February I
love you thanks for being such a pal
time to do this thing Julie are you
ready I don't think anything I'm wearing
my Christmas sweater also sweatpants
because you can't see the lower half of
my body so I'm just gonna go ahead and
take this Liberty to be comfortable oh I
picked up this brush at Walgreens where
we was ready and I realized that it was
Sam and Nick from Pixy woo like I wanted
something so I could push the glitter
into his skin without absolutely
obliterating one of my good brushes
because it's not like I have tons of
spare brushes I'd like to ruin but now
I'm like upset because this is kind of a
dope brush and I'm gonna use it
smash glue and glitter into Julian's
beer I think I'm gonna try my best to
wash it cuz it's really soft and it
feels good that's so cool
that they sell brushes and writing
before you guys love you
subscribe to fix you for so long but
we're gonna shoot here in a second I'm
gonna smash them glued to Julian's face
it's going fun
Monda alright oh joy Honda Cara help you
hi Julian
tell me the face wow you look beautiful
how do you say I know thanks for letting
me do this to you I love you I love you
is your fondant
yeah towards me look at me Kim oh good
you just texted chase with a picture of
this he was like what are you up to can
I send him this and he said that's
 amazing
Julian's best friend might come visit
today he's in town yeah Oh washing
mirror sweet I like the mirror exactly
how the it is all right we're gonna
try and wash this off I don't know how
is it how is it gonna I need to set the
hot water for me get you some soap these
bubbles of soap oh man oh you gotta get
your eyebrows you guys ever like wash
your face and it's like so intense that
you think you have to hold your breath
over your house the whole time yes I'm
almost done editing this video
ridiculous
that's very baby girl she wants Carmen
to play with him and he's refusing right
now but I'm going to say good night and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
and happy blog marry bugs hope
you like video Julien still covered in
glitter I feel bad but not that bad
happy blood see tomorrow bye
