you being a piece of work today Kermit
the stocking fell down from the
fireproof again and I just got Kermit
gettin it you see if he doesn't get me a
Grinch caught him licking a play being
an absolute Grinch and a handful today
you stole that stocking I saw you steal
it not for you I'm gonna try and catch
him oh I'm playing snake on her stone
snake is a Shannon Christmas friend that
we hang out with when they're in town
snake you won't die today you gonna die
snake ooh
oh shit got real real quick I'm so sorry
snake I'm so sorry but I was I told you
is gonna die I told you he was gonna
fucking die dead you go down you go down
this thing today that's what just
happened think about that sentence for a
second you go dial Oh down there stick
today you won't die but are you going
down this did today that's when you go
down and you go down this dick today you
go down you go down
today smell again you guys smell that
the smell of fresh content get out of my
life Lee Congrats on your winning and
snake I still personally think if you
really want some competition
let me help on they're all humble you up
you don't know how to play it watch the
lips naturally okay what up sorry for
the lack of absolutely any blog today
some days are just not an exciting day
for blogs so Tuesday is sort of like my
day to get everything else done that
needs to be done like I'm working on my
extras video for Christmas and New
Year's usually upload two weeks of
extras I don't know if I'm going to have
enough to cover two weeks so I might
have to problem solve and figure that
out but going through years worth of
footage to find like funny outtakes
takes a long fuckin time and I'm trying
to gather some podcasts like topics and
things for the next
couple of weeks so that maybe we can do
it early so we can have times with my
family when they're here so anytime that
we need like a little time off like
Christmas we have to do like a bunch of
stuff leading up to that week in order
to have those days to have time off
uline's out with his jujitsu buddies I'm
just here by myself kicking it and I
don't want to do anything that I'm
supposed to do you know so I'm gonna do
what I want and what I wanna do is play
with my mushy this is my machine it's
one of my favourite things that I own I
don't get to play with it as much as I
want which is every hour on the hour
it's not really a reality you know ear
blood I love making ear blood it's the
most fun to do oh that's nice I just
love Batman River minutes in it Jerry
Seinfeld is the star of b-movie is a so
far when I go to sleep at night and I
have a nightmare six legs
Giorgio tsoukalos is my father I don't
wanna watch the movies
you owe help you we're like in a chill
elevator in a hospital please work it an
express animal we used to play songs
like this all the time
the worst part was when I was a career
and I had to stand in the front
hello are you doing well tonight Express
is an asshole like falling asleep shit
all the time every day for six dollars
an hour that's what this reminds me
hated never work in retail again on your
body and I'm gonna size you with my
hands and you don't like it cuz this
here is a buddy's whole month
Tim unplugged it has been a buddy
I imagine it if you didn't like buying
massage or something I posted it this
whole month has been your actual hell
nice body massage this is when I get to
the nut in your calf I'm sorry I'll be
gentler than that all right now you
gotta get it out
maybe you just stay still and quiet down
get this knot out of your cap just stop
complaining I'm not being rough you know
just sit there relax okay very sense
bring the ass
bring that ass break break break break
break that ass and let me give you by my
side I like that I like that
oh my god okay okay okay okay okay
oh my gosh I'll give you a pie massage
they touch your double touch your neck
touch your dick your texture - I'll get
them all my body massage movie time
massage it beside I'll give you advice
let me give you what let me give you up
I want to give you up by size let me
give you a badge I was expecting two
separate packages today and neither of
them came some would come and give me
five I'm stressed I wanted them to come
to nightly didn't and I waited by myself
by the door for my packages I think that
comes tomorrow they don't I'm going to
be four - I need that shit now I hate
myself I hate that this is what I wanted
to in my free time
just kidding
kind of idiot of that Jenna this is a
weird vlogmas I know Julian what do you
do
Julian would you do what's this Julie
talking what's it
what is this Julian why don't you tell
us what you did Julian tell us what it
was on the floor already uh uh-huh
why was on the floor Julie and it
belongs on the couch it's a couch pillow
why is it on the floor I figured this
couch is gonna are I pee in a few
minutes no just give it some extra play
time you said you were gonna give this
couch to your sister first of all so
this is really a disservice to her no no
no the other day you litter earlier
today you laid down here and brought
this pillow with you even though it
belongs on the couch and then later on
the night like tonight our
was like wait a minute why do I have to
microwave this for five minutes and
stand by the microwave like a fucking
boglodite just let me get in front of
the fire but look I can't leave it down
here doesn't get hot down there I have
to put a little higher so I was like
what if I put this here oh my god I just
threw it right here and I did and it
worked so on the flame but then I took
the heating pad and left this pillow for
it to just start you're lucky we didn't
catch on fire Oh frylock character low
smells Oh Julia they're like melted the
foam in there it's like ha ha Jan you're
lucky we didn't catch on fire Julian I
would not have let anything happen I am
the fire extinguisher not the fire start
yeah but what if when you were gone or
something and I was here and I was in a
fire by myself I only put this here once
I was back I would never put you in
danger only from me in danger that makes
no sense
it makes no sense to me so I wouldn't be
in danger Julian what don't put lamisil
things close to the fire like the dog
bet even sometimes thank you nervous
that's talking but at least they're like
on the ground not near it it was like
almost touching the fire Julian's
massive aggression I need you answer me
completely honestly what what is the
stock those those Julian those are
stockings
Harburg well paul bag it's a stalking
harbour from now on you're only allowed
to sit using that pillow okay I love it
I just think splitty why is it splitty
because he's gonna split time with me in
the fire Julian I'm really serious what
if we caught on fire wouldn't
okay I've literally put out probably
more fires than I can count on one yeah
but how many of those fires Julian have
you personally caused more no 49%
that is not true it's true the other day
when you put pizza boxes in their
cardboard box in the oven I didn't
invent flammable pizza boxes that was
not my doing
put piece of oxygen before they have not
first yeah not with the oven on speed
rajulun I'm safe
shit fine it's not fine it's not fine
fine fine it's not like on your camera
you can hear me it's fine fine Julian oh
my god what's interesting though is the
chemistry the filler changed a little
bit now this smells like burnt foam it's
dangerous I just wanna know like what
you think sometimes um well I was
thinking it's incredibly inefficient to
spend so much time eating this up when I
can just heat up I just throw that
directly in the fire okay don't test me
say you're sorry
I'm sorry are you mad I'm a little mad
you look a little mad I'm sorry I I had
a stupid moment I'm sorry all right
Stella baby back to normal I'm done I'm
done with fire
no he not but tonight it's like once a
month you start a fire somehow yeah but
but not that doesn't matter just cuz you
put the fire out doesn't make it okay
make some more okay dangerous okay
Julian how many times have you been
cooking in the kitchen and a dishrag
will catch on fire because you leave it
on the stove
they all have these big burn holes in
them and you'll go what's burning and
I'm like Julia don't put a dish rag on
the step next to it open flame burn hole
patate oh I'm sorry I'll be more careful
vomit
I don't know something about you doesn't
look very trustworthy right now do I not
look like the most trustworthy person in
the room I'm just say good night blog
fine blog fuck I love you
also shout out no no fire and carbon no
for making tonight possible Julien you
made me so mad I have like literal hives
that fire made me hi v-- Olivia's I just
don't want to burn in a fire
you burned how do you burned out of your
part all right we're gonna go to sleep
hopefully not in a fire we got enough
and I'll see you guys tomorrow for
vlogmas and high b12 t4 head straight
