today's the day I'm getting my head and
Julian's hairdresser Roth is going to do
the hair it's about time because I have
a lot of real I'm excited though but is
the first time that I've ever had
Julian's hairdresser do my hair usually
the other way around so let's go do it
it's not gonna do anything
these are gonna bleeps that's it takes
yeah reach welcome to the world of hella
dope hair from raw let's go
hi guys I love you so much it is
exhausted look at you yeah absolutely
and your batteries I Oh ty hey Rafa we
do we are doing ha ha ha
BB with my lady oh my god I will check
in later with your dead ass battery
she's getting her hair washed
look at her just like a baby bitch
peepee you want to wish for this kitten
Jen's hair done I'm talking about food
thanks everybody I lights yes so excited
they look really highlighted hell yeah
props banging me up them it feels so
good to get my hair did I Joey where's
my girl oh it's gonna be mess it's
nothing crazy it's just like a a nice
regular person hair like a regular
people I'm feeling very much like a
people I feel alive I'm in human and
hear me yeah sorry I'm trying to I can't
like see I want to show you the roots
see ah we blended my roots into this
blog that he toned so it's not that
golden gross nasty color and this way
when my roots grow out it'll look like
natural like I look like a natural sandy
blonde it's so pretty like who can take
6-inch roots or whatever and make them
look normal
I'm just really pleased it looks really
nice and as much as I love all my crazy
colors and stuff it is really nice to
have like a normal person looking hair
again I've been dying my hair blonde for
a lot of years and one of the worst
things right when you get it done and it
show blonde at the root and it just sort
of like looks weird until your hair
grows out for a little bit he didn't
like give me extra roots he just made it
so that didn't grow really pretty cuz
you know I just want to grow my hair
long again the colors are fun and
everything but the bleach just it
damages your hair so much that you do
like just get shorter you got to cut it
off and it feels like so healthy and
nice I can't wait to like braid it and
have it be like pretty
I'm just so happy I know this is crazy
because usually my hair is like a
shocking change and I think the most
shocking train for me is that it's like
so normal-looking and nice I am so
incredibly pleased with Roth and I
really like him he's such like a genuine
nice person he's so gentle with my hair
I like I've ever had someone be so
gentle with my hair my roots were cool
and everything but they were starting to
look real trash can and I don't look
like a trash can I look like a regular
girl that gets her hair done more than
once a year and Julian's gonna have to
watch out because wrap his mind if I get
a spray tan and like my manicure fix
that I broke girl I'm gonna be a new
person when I wear it up look how cute
it's gonna be look at that boy if you
don't
oh girl just wanted to do a little glam
since I got my hair did before you even
asked this is this lip color it's for my
hundred layers video
it's LSC l12 you're the that means
I know you were gonna ask in the
comments so I just went ahead and saved
you that time we're gonna get ready to
stream our twitch channel tonight right
core me hello honey why don't you come
downstairs with Mama
thanks Mike yeah hey I'm excited to
stream and see the deep inside we'll see
you on the stream soon do it again it
falls I think he just tried to throw my
camera at me and it's making fun of me
for being scared
oh it's not it sound like oh oh do that
again with your mouth you can
get punched oh no before that
yeah I just have a question though what
oh stop it you're so nasty
hey BB want some yeah save me from him
also no no I don't want you for you know
you're the root of my suffering
hmm I love you get your hand off my
faces in my makeup wrong with you I hate
that he'll get so mad at me feel like
kiss my eyebrow and I'll be like stop
he's like what's mad you don't love me
like a lady alone like why would I spend
money on makeup in time doing it you're
just gonna put it in your mama for me
I'll write that money on the kisses not
gonna like it sent any money on a kid I
did this 20 cents get mad at yourselves
pop it on your face and then
everything's better you saw one of these
when I was little and it was like made
out of flannel and had rice in it was so
nice and it smelled like that
Juliet stop and family picnic again big
cake cake that's a whole song I think
your cake baked I don't like it besides
yourself it's the body to struggling
body massage for me it's my mind the
body besides if I wasn't such a funny
man I'm gonna punch you right buddy
you can't punch me because I meant I'm
invisible you can't see me I can see it
okay I'm invisible
this is cake cake cake cake you see the
cooking by the book
Little John we I didn't cook but now I
go it's the book you cook a piece of
paper catches on fire and then what then
the husband oh god I forgot to buy a
fire huh hydrant I named my son
I drink drink I love water this is my
son Idris and my daughter hos gotta do
the cooking by the book
send help me address this 1 2 3 4
internet streets someone literally lives
there you're being so incredibly
invasive on their life
what - before internet streets and help
please it's beep a big fit fight but go
away you smell that
what smells like some fresh content get
out of my face
no we're breaking up now we're broken up
goodbye
goodbye peachie keeps jumping up here
and trying to sit in that bed that's
against blows baby girl it's against the
wall honey she's dargah you guys can
catch this moment tomorrow and Jenna I
was logged on YouTube you can't drop on
me Gigi did you give up so how are you
gonna set hey ding Sam how you doing big
fan Nicolas Cage fat stop doing that
we're live streaming with a dank fam
right now when Julian won't stop doing
this stop you nasty
stop doing that body massage body
massage bad in some aah hey Lord
all right cool blog Jenna shut ah love
you dig yes love you so much
I want to go to bed but it's not time
for bed because look at all this makeup
on this Boutrous beep can't go to sleep
like this so we gon get unready all
right so I'm gonna put you right here
here on my tolera don't fall if you do
it's going to be very bad I'm trusting
you step one of getting on Radiance
usually taking my contacts out while we
were extremely tonight my eyes hurt so
much that I had to take them out early
I don't know for those of you that are
as blind as me whatever I do like wash
my face like taking a shower it's like
an actual death trap without my contacts
in because it's not when I can carry
glasses in the shower
it's very dangerous this might be a
little dangerous without any I can't see
like I literally can't see I'm going to
trust you be my eyes okay
step two is usually getting my hair away
from my
so it doesn't get covered in makeup
water because that's gross get all this
hair on my face now I imagine that if
you're watching this channel you know
how messed up I look like without makeup
on so don't act shocked lashes off
choker necklace gotta come off cleanser
this is a German Dermalogica skin
resurfacing cleanser that I probably had
for years
and again you saw it my fake ten I have
a hard time just throwing something out
I force myself to use it I ran out of
the cleanser that I actually liked so
I'm using one that I don't like that I
moved on from a long time ago I'm just
going to do a little of this because I
face feels gross back there if you're
looking Julie insanity station let's be
he's my tongue see how much makeup still
on my face that was a good nice little
preliminary wash my eyes are still
covered in gonna wash my face two times
cuz that's how gross it is now I used to
really like makeup why they dry my skin
out so much I know that there are ones
that don't dry your skin out bah blah
blah I don't know maybe feel dry skin
you feel me this is just some benefit
makeup remover in one of these little
towels there's still probably someone in
my eyelashes a little bit but nobody got
time for that so much better now I'm
actually gonna like wash my face because
I was just like oh my God my face feels
gross clean now I'm gonna actually clean
it so one of the reasons that I stopped
using
they're also dried out my skin on every
mistress living recycle of my hotel you
know what else sucks is that if I use
like a non-drying cleanser let me see
break out you've got too much
moisturizer music the one that I found
five Erica and beeps like the nutritive
cleanser I just ordered it it is coming
tomorrow me is one that I found that
like really doesn't dry out my skin or
make it break out okay for me but not
right now
cool don't act like you shop you seen my
face come on now we're beyond this I
write I have cotton pads so I'm gonna
use this little poem and avoid the
makeup parts and I'm going to use a
exfoliating pore refiner exfoliant by
perricone MD see here's the thing so I
tried like one product by pear come and
my skin really responded to it so I'm
sure you can relate like you can't
always find a product that your skin
does anything to like a lot works just
like ignores and has no time for
it but when you find something that your
skin actually responsive you're like
holy let me see what else this
 company's got right so I started
buying a bunch of other stuff from the
same line and my skin really likes
excuse my redness I also have these nice
little glasses marks from out here live
in blend this is the night cream that I
got that I do like multi-action
overnight it's not like the best cream
I've ever tried in my life but it
definitely does something and it's not
cheap but like I don't know if you've
ever been in the market for a anti-aging
night cream but they are cheap
sometimes if your skin is like a really
needy person you got to just give it
what it needs a little bit and just a
little bit of this night cream cold
plasma eye again it's not like the most
life-changing product ever but it
doesn't do nothing sorry my camera
battery just died I don't remember what
I was saying but something mediocre
about eye cream this is one of my
favorite things to put on at night I've
used another one like this that works
just as well the San Tropez kind
a liquid face tanner a little bit in my
hand I spread it around go what but it
doesn't make you look super can but you
definitely wake up with like a little
bit of a nice little glow and you don't
have to be as exact with it as you would
with like a lotion or something make
sure you wash your hands because
sometimes I forget and then it gets real
weird can put my glasses I thought
finally I'm out of toothpicks so I'm
gonna go steal something Julie I'm back
I have like 70 million other things that
I could do or put on my face board you
know whatever it's been ten million
hours in here that's like I'm exhausted
I'm ready to sleep and I gotta get this
makeup off my face and then it's time
for the vision and put the pajamas I'm
full opinion with pajama type then once
you're all in your pajamas you get in
your next love me right we go to bed
happy vlog unbelief bye buddy
happy one thunk
