oh my baby
hurry up happy Sunday we're getting
ready to podcast in a second did fam how
are you doing how did you ever let me
make such cringe of vlogs I was just
watching my old videos I like physically
can endure ah I notice I feel my old
videos but like there it's just I'm just
like just like I'm gonna eat this food
see you guys a bit later that's like the
whole day I like it though
are you cool to podcasting ok I just
made a master list I thought I was going
to take two seconds to just like think
of people and whether or not they're
dead or alive but it actually took me a
hot minute to compile this list and then
also look up if they were dead or alive
how old they are when they died and
stuff so but it's done the list is done
and I gotta be honest with you like if I
didn't look all of these up
I wouldn't know someone like this is no
shaded Julian I'll give you a sneak peak
what we're working with it's gonna be
good it's gonna be fun
alright ah what do you say oh stop we're
gonna go podcasts and then we are going
to continue Sunday
sometimes your podcasts on Friday
sometimes on Saturdays and sometimes on
Sundays this is a Sunday week we're
podcasting outside ed ready let's go oh
the podcast is done and the dogs we're
out here so then this does we cheat hi
baby
I know I know I know it was just like an
hour guys I know you love you very much
it's okay bud okay okay I know mom you
never leave you know I love you okay
thank you
you're so I think thank you thank you
could give me well
chicken and OEt join was such a little
shit that whole podcast your shit don't
look around
Oh guys no I'm below no comment below
who died in 1999 and the answer was I
put here to see my name is Joe tight you
think your dad and it could be 10 got
over Tim Gunn probably I love Gordon
Ramsay but Tim Gunn is like he would be
the most caring father Julian just wants
some gun to be his dad I understand we
all understand I love when she does this
and she holds on to your will let it go
give it that oh okay you're not done if
it does it feel good are you oh there
you go
folk you oh no sweetheart I'm all right
I really need my hand I need it I need
it back I love you very much I need it
though so I think we're gonna go to bed
bath me on tonight again our house is
just never-ending work in progress I
have an old air mattress that has lived
a nice beautiful long life and it is
gone and dead but for Christmas my
brother and sister-in-law and niece are
going to be here with their two big dogs
and then my mom's also going to be here
and she offered to those stay somewhere
else but we do have a room upstairs that
we have all of our gym equipment and
stuff in that if we just sort of move
around and get a new air mattress that's
not full of holes could be a bedroom for
her so then she wouldn't have to get
like a hotel or an air B&B or something
which I think she would really
appreciate so we're gonna go and try and
get some stuff to make that room at
least better because you guys know how I
am about curtains and then it takes me a
long time to get curtains we just got
curtains for the actual guest room but
we have
put up yet the other room needs a set of
curtains it also needs them anyways
because there's like paper taped to the
wall and a blanket taped to the wall and
we work out in there and it would be
nice to have curtains anyways I might
order an air mattress or I might get one
I haven't decided
and just some like towels and stuff for
the bathroom so that if she wants to she
can stay up there or anybody else we're
getting a new couch in a couple weeks so
maybe it'll be so comfortable that she
wants to stay on that which is fine too
but if she wants to put her stuff
somewhere and have room to change it and
such she can have that room also
tomorrow I'm excited because I'm getting
my hair done for the first time in a
long time I don't know what we're gonna
do
they're definitely not gonna do any like
colors or anything crazy because I'm
trying to keep my hair healthy and grow
it back out because the case you haven't
noticed has gotten considerably shorter
after dyeing the absolute shit out of it
for so long and looking Oh
so probably something straight forward
my roots are like to here so girl is
time Julian's hairdresser is going to my
hair seems Roth was ruffinelli Westworld
is one of my favorite shows of all time
of all time it's so so good the finales
on today I can't wait we can eat
something delicious for dinner you want
to cook something we get order something
what do you feel like not know care why
do they care the kids dark so early no
every year it comes and every year I
forget how depressing it feels for it to
be like 4 p.m. it's like pitch black
Julie what do you feel like for dinner
oh I feel like one's business
Julie why don't we get going let's get
the bed bed and me
well few of my favorite places to eat
falafels
we're facing the door
right so we just put all the
weightlifting gym stuff into the closet
so that you hang up some curtains set up
a nice little air mattress in here so
the Debbie machine can come stay my
brother and sister-in-law are gonna stay
in the guest room if you've been to
multiple of my residences that I've
lived in there for in the past looks
exactly the same
we did get curtains for those we
probably gotta clean from whoever was
here last well yeah looks exactly the
same as it always does come on guys not
your guest room this room like that's
our room and then this is where there's
room my air mattress is toast
like has holes in it we tried to flex
seal it shut didn't really work so we're
gonna get a new one which is too bad but
it's to be expected
you're like a life expectancy of an air
mattress isn't really forever is it
they're not a good life looks pretty old
plus remember that one time that we took
it outside and left it outside me and
outside bed that was so fun but probably
not the best to the air mattress well
fuck it
please gonna hang up these curtains
seriously though how nice is it going to
be to have curtains in here so when you
work out it's not just like 2016 has
been the year of the curtains for me
right got more curtains in 2016 than in
my entire life are you ready to show us
the room with the curtains already
alright look how much nicer that looks
I'm not really doing it any justice
right now but so we're going to have the
air mattress probably go over there you
already have a TV you have a TV in here
for when we work out like sad lazy
people but there you go
it's nice nice room it'll be really nice
my mom can sleep in here and then my
brother and sister-in-law comes like the
other and then everyone can be here now
that we have curtains it'll be nice when
we're in here working out and we're not
just looking into the street yeah I want
to show you when we were installing the
TV it was so hard to find a stud because
the stud finder kept telling like
different it was like beautifully he's a
stud look how many holes there are in
the wall from our false stud finding and
I love you Thank You Gillian Gillian
just helped me cut off the wire bottoms
of these because they were laying around
after Kermit and peaches wedding Julie
oh my god oh my god are you fucking
kidding me
I thought that we could put them in a
little vase and have them be a permanent
little guy I gotta find a place for them
but they're really pretty
no I kind of like it there I'll just
rearrange some other shit
I'm excited are you excited well thank
you for your enthusiasm we're trying to
teach PG how to yawn just because
yawn oh she's looking at marble who is
that you just watch the West world
values so good did you like it up yeah I
loved it
I feel like West world is the first show
and wow that's like multiple times blown
my mind
yeah oh love the bottom and scalp
vocals no pink Sun the other piece of my
kid
did you said it did it it anything man
something they don't he's getting tense
all over like haha quick say that it
didn't your host or your gas
ah hey I'm gonna mute you keep doing
that oh here comes Sam it's your white
knight
give me bud get off my computer he's
standing on your computer he always just
stands right on it
yeah I put it there so he doesn't stand
on it on the table and he stands out on
the couch I think I'm gonna sign it off
for the night it was a good Sunday happy
Sunday and we'll see you guys tomorrow
for blood fuck I keep on vlogging people
don't like fucking you know those fuck
fuck looks but hi Carmy so nice to see
you goodbye
no no Pingu the other things sound like
milk
