oh yeah here we go vivid hearthstone
awful volume volume ah
can someone help you big golem business
no no oh no bad news fighting out of the
blue corner watching The Mighty Mouse
fight while Julian's playing rocketbox
you're gonna miss it
Julie you made it oh shit oh shit dad
mom I haven't any time
oh shit oh no you haven't any time oh
shit they were just saying that Elliott
was like yeah I won't get tired which
made me think of like oh maybe if you
were on crack you wouldn't get tired so
what I would like to see is like two
people really high on crack in an
octagon yeah
crime fighters come on crack not like
crackheads I have to be two people just
willing to be high on crack and fight
each other I just I think it it would be
great who wants a body massage I welcome
the jealous dog body massage tutorials
step one pick a part of the body tissue
would like to massage I'm a girlfriend
nice shoulder massage step two get your
hand ready show the dog your hand so
they know it's a hand and it's gonna
want you to pet their face say no lives
here is a body massage step 3 take your
hand and put it on the dog and start
moving in a massaging motion
step four say - I'd say five days
who wants a body massage body massage
who wants a body massage step six
get more intense with the body massage
oh you hit that bottom inside get it all
in there get your little lots out oh
body massage step 7 move the body
massage to another part of the body full
body massage bad massage step hey did
you like that time for you to pay me
bitch - this body massage was not for
free so you better come up that money
girl
because this is not a free massage will
evenly get for me a hug this has been
about a massage recovery I'm putting him
pour water every time I fell if any
water is what she does this she does
this like frig dance but she doesn't
even want to watch it she just like gets
super excited that was kind of a lame
one sometimes it's like out of control
yeah baby
thank all you thirsty hey thirsty I'm a
little bit so it's Saturday night and
we'll get a realtor up in here because I
have really really wanted to clean the
podcast room for a while now and I think
I must spend my Saturday night game
little turn they clean the podcast room
because there's all kinds of stuff in
the closet it just turned into a fuck
show of like craft supplies and like our
tools and like all video stuff there's
sports stuff in there like there's so
much fucking stuff in there I really
want to clean it out
to that I got a garbage bag hello there
Julian's playing rock colors so I'll
give you look at like look at how bad
this has gotten this is like I kinda
like it like this
Julian don't even anything that we're
using we're not using we just put up
here quickly like get it out of the rest
of the house little pop sockets but we
have like light bulbs and like cleaning
supplies and glue and dog nail polish
and markers and cords and scissors and
nails and hammers right drills down
there something sewing stuff who are you
playing with time of April Oh tight um
like hi April like this is a whole bag
of like video stuff and there's like
literal pieces of paper on the ground
but look at this closet like that light
is broken that ring light dog bed this
is a box full of nerf guns a squatty
potty for my niece she sucks one time
this is what this part of the room looks
like we have to leave like the lights
and stuff setup because we use them for
the podcast this is our computer I don't
know if you know anything about cord
management but I don't this is like this
is intense this is a table where we keep
like our game stuff that's our gaming
camera and all this stuff but this room
is like almost unnavigable is that a
weird good dance hot what are you doing
god it's your heart away from me no crow
can go can grope mmm grope can but that
don't Bob at me boy
could this stuff this is a bag of fabric
I'm a bag that I made native Harry
Potter think I'm not throwing this stuff
out extra fabric is super duper nice cuz
I can make stuff this is my outfit in
here are you gonna help me
well I grabbing right here in this
little chest bone baby once Julie's done
playing he'll help me clean let that be
a little but I think I'm gonna get going
on that because that room is so
frustrating like it's not very big to
begin with but then when we have people
come on the podcast or in their gaming
we switch the setup every time we
podcast and livestream which is once a
week Monday nights but Julian's in there
like every single day because he plays
rock a leak on the PC but it's so hard
to like be in there because of the size
of the room and the moving everything
and just kind of a disaster so I'm gonna
try and amend it a little bit pray for
me man I'm also real quick look at this
a makeup bag or is it it's a dongle bag
and an external hard drive bag tight
tight tight tight tight
also this shit is bomb anyways by
cutting this but I have the alligator
she throw into my pocket for the Iggy's
you guys know this is a bad time tre 80
my god they're gaining on me oh my god
that is fuck kind of cuts up a little
and for marble cuz he likes them you
just have to cut them up presence
espresso you can't eat it I mean I don't
know if marble likes this kind he likes
the Greenies these are like wimzie's
we'll see so nice and little from my
little guy thanks Julie I even helped me
finish the podcast
yeah I'm agreeing that some stuff to
work a nice stuff we go to Target or
little target returns if salmon wants
the green needs at night because these
salmon needs them to grow oh my god
Kermit it's for upstairs honey you can
have it one more upstairs whoa vici
you're not missing out you can have when
we go upstairs mommy's got a bunch of
stuff she got to carry up the stairs so
just relax my god guys
are you ready Carmen vici my mobile I
got lots of little pieces don't make an
mess on the bed okay anybody else feed
their dogs treats on a bed I love that
Bailey I guess so what do you think you
know what I'm off beep likes this kind
what do you think honey
no marble everybody has the same thing
once you try this piece it's really
little oh okay I like you so Marvel
takes a lot longer to eat these than the
other two obviously because he only has
a few teeth left and even that's like
big pieces for him but so the eggies
will finish theirs and then come to
marble and like bully him
she's like already done with its head
wowie g-girl yes we had a great Saturday
very relaxing and nice and cozy and fun
which is what Saturdays are basically
for what whooping or I mean if you're
like an adventurous person then it's for
like a hiker like a carnival
I don't know but today wasn't a carnival
day today was a like sweatpants day
hopefully tomorrow we'll finish that
podcast room got some work to do
tomorrow but should be pretty laid-back
because Sunday's are also for sweatpants
so I don't know how you weekend but I
weekend in sweatpants I'll see you guys
tomorrow
happy the look fuck happy whoa fuck oh
god oh body massage body massage
