it's crying at me to get up because he
was a little party come on Kermit good
boy
y'all done bugger me oh we like to
encourage Kermit even though he has less
teeth so he pulls less hard when I do
this he's a good kid Carly good boy
see how she like lets him win it's so
sweet
good boy good boy
it turns you hungry for breakfast good
the bed was solid it didn't feel like a
taco oh my god they were getting six
that's why the bed broke no she's a
fucking sad bed you guys sick what you
think what you want I bet by now last
night I think today is finally the day
that I say goodbye to this computer
what's wrong I'm crying all day
good morning Kermie you have food on
your face good morning does that make
you feel better
um what is it you want to pet you want a
hug if you won't let me get him what
about this blanket Oh what about this
blanket Kermit all day every day this is
my life you see the hog and some
attention same carpet me come come here
come come come come
come tight you guys have seen up my like
big computer in the other room that do
the majority of videos and editing on
that's not big boy I think I got that in
2013 but I got this laptop in like 2012
I don't know it was a long maybe even
2011 I got this laptop when I lived in
Boston it was like the first big
purchase that I made when I started like
making money on YouTube and as an adult
and so it holds a lot of like
sentimental value to me like there's
nothing really wrong with it it's just
old and slow at this point Julianne in
Rome and everyone from making fun of me
for having it it's like it's really big
it's really heavy like there's been
multiple times where I'll carry my bag
bag on a plane with it and it's like a
solid brick with the charger in there
it's so heavy
like I've checked my bag and then I'll
be like oh I'll put my laptop in there
because I don't need it for the plane
and you know make my backpack lighter
and I'll try to check my bag you know
don't be like so overweight with a
laptop in it I'll have to take it out
anyways I think it's really finally made
itself kind of useless but that's it's
almost 2017 so I mean it's at least five
or six years old so it's you done good
kid the laptop that I had before this
was like my first Mac ever that's how I
first started getting into YouTube that
the reason that died was because it's
just so dead and also it did that thing
where unless it's plugged into the power
cord it just shuts off that laptop very
quickly became a desktop computer I've
been trying to prolong this think we
gotta give it a Viking funeral and light
it on fire and send it off to the ocean
in a boat in a wooden ship and shoot an
arrow cross till it explodes there's no
real reason for me to not get a new
laptop you saw with my glasses and stuff
like I'm so very much like if it's not
broken like I'm not gonna replace it but
I think it's finally like kind of broken
I'm kind of sad I'm excited
Julian has in the past tried to like get
a laptop for me is like really
to gift because I was like that's too
much and too nice I really appreciate it
and also I was secretly like I love my
laptop how dare you kick butt
today's the day I'm just gonna suck it
up I'm gonna spend the money I'm gonna
do it and a really good run and I'm
gonna put him in a nice soft grave in my
cupboard next to my other laptop it's
just so sad this thing's my baby you
know do you ever get like sentimental
and emotionally attached to electronics
like it's hard like it holds so many of
your memories but like your outdated and
suck I have to say goodbye to you
because you don't serve me anymore you
don't do your job anymore but it's still
so sad I don't know I am NOT getting one
of those new laptops with all the Dingle
dongle nonsense Bible you ticket to hell
before you pack me one of those anything
that I get is gonna be far more superior
than what I have right now and we're
gonna come back and work on podcasts a
little bit huh but go to the mall what
do you need to get at the mall besides
coffee
a new neck there's an X at the mall
would you like barley yes sorry so
hahahahahaha cycle Ichi - I did it I
pulled the trigger I got the new MacBook
I'm gonna have to adjust to dongle like
dongle with me
dongle dongle with me I'm excited but
I'm also like sad instead of getting the
older MacBook Pro like the one that
Julien has this one is like lighter and
smaller so when I travel it's gonna be
easier guys fucking chill and one of the
problems that I had with my MacBook that
I'm replacing was even though there's
old dongles like it's nice having an SD
card reader on the side that port in
there starts to wear down and sometimes
I just spent five minutes jamming my SD
card in and out of there you get it to
read it so I mean dongles aren't fun but
at least I you know I can pay 20 bucks
and replace the dongle then replace the
whole port on the outside of the
computer I didn't want to buy a new
computer today but I'm happy I bought a
new computer today because that was it
it was dead it was dying I was on its
last leg I'm gonna miss you forever
though I love you such a good computer I
think I have another one of these
stickers I should put it on here you
make good baby I love you so much I know
this seems like an extravagant purchase
but I promise you this has been so many
years in the making right now and I'm
just proud of myself for just finally
doing like yesterday when I threw out
that self-tanner sometimes you just
gotta like be done with things you know
just be done with it it's over like
yesterday when I was just exporting my
video from Final Cut Pro it took like
two hours not even kidding
like not even uploading it just
exporting it out of Final Cut Pro dad
little guy
come on
I fell asleep last night we all not with
Christine and Elijah and they're so
fucking rad as your fire
yeah this time it's fine there's really
funny picture that Julian took a peach
for Christine and she tweeted a picture
of her with karma that's so cute they're
just lazing around Saturday
Julie's neck hurts I hope that you had a
good day I hope that you're enjoying my
super boring vlogs people love boring
blogs on the way to live your life
because guess what life's pretty boring
someone coming to my work today why is
Kermit's head smaller than his body and
it's more most fun and said because
everyone's head is smaller than their
body does it me and I giggled it's fun
we're gonna have a good day today though
get your vlog up and I'll watch it oh my
god I'll show you an extreme down angle
show you an extreme up being you're just
a sad lump on a car chasing my leg you
smell one I miss my armpit please don't
please don't please don't please no it
smells so why what do your own is that
nothing nothing there's nothing MA our
bottle is make it a sentence can retweet
if you love to smell your level look
whatever you're doing don't read this
one no not don't retreat the vlog
retweet this moment not as videos lock
this moment lock this moment on Twitter
unfollow you smell blood sorry for
smelling you don't act like you've never
tried to smell someone you have maybe
you have it good for you
yeah me and Deb blog and I'll see you
tomorrow happy blog fuck
