a bit like this bit so no your eyes do
not deceive you I only have half a brow
after I shaved off my eyebrows I've
still been continuing to shave the
outside because I like it and you can
make different eyebrow shapes also I
have like you ever get like a lump in
your throat that doesn't go away I have
that what's going on so today during the
day is gonna be that exciting of a blog
we hit my ball
today is gonna be that exciting of a
vlog for at least a little while because
I work on my radio show so I write and
record my Sirius XM it's YouTube 15 hits
one radio show all day today and then
I'm done with that we can do something
fun I'm incredibly distracted today
because I love hearthstone those of you
that follow us on the twitch stream or
watch the gaming videos you know how
much I love hearthstone and gadgets
gadgets zan was released today and I'm
like I really just want to play I got
like a bunch of packs and I'm really
excited but I have to do this and I just
won't play hearthstone so I'm like a
child I'm I'm a little kid just won't
blame of games in your eyebrow is half
Julie's home I he's fixing the bed today
because our beds are falling apart
it does this every so often but it's not
hers I got this I'm double reinforcing
it with finger blocks she know like
before I was like alternating signs it's
just gonna be double sided the whole
time oh shit oh shit oh shit that's
falling apart you know what I thought of
if there's an earthquake we're just
gonna like fall down the whole beds
gonna fall down laughter all right I'm
gonna get my show and I'll see you in a
little bit not that much like
room but there's not that much people in
there I'm on a bike
usually I flip the bike around so I can
face the TV and like watch something but
guess what I'm facing today about biking
into a wall this week is the first week
that I've been able to do anything with
my body since the car accident I still
can't feel my knee my purple titty is no
longer purple but it like just went away
like just finished being purple I do
still have a floating rib which is
incredibly uncomfortable like when we
sleep and stuff but the bike is just
about the only thing I can do that
doesn't hurt like why my knee was hurt I
was like oh maybe I can do some steps or
some push-ups Oh psych your rib is just
not attached to your body fucking hurts
really bad and then I tried just like
walking and stuff but walking actually
agitates my knee more than the bike does
so the bike is all I can do right now in
terms of exercise I just one making sure
that I get on here is it really sucks I
haven't been able do anything in a month
I don't know if you ever tried eating
and not moving for a month but it's not
a very good lifestyle plan it's starting
to get a little depressing over here you
know what I'm saying my underwear is
getting tight and all I can do is set on
this bike I like sitting here being on
the bike and just watching like story
time videos in YouTube videos because
it's really fun Julian went out for a
little while tonight with our friend Jay
Walker to a niche party and I was like
you'll hit me up if someone's popping
off I'll come meet you by the last
almost ear right here I'm watching a
story time video of someone it's called
meeting Kendall and Kylie cats
we're Spanish I love the internet man
like it doesn't make me think anything
about anything I just like listening to
other people talk I love the internet
say not yo high-profile celebrities
gonna be in there to clear the wine and
we're like no like anyone who's anybody
who on their phone they're so rudely
put on my Christmas garland on the table
I used to put that over the mantel like
on the fireplace but it falls down all
the time and it makes it so when you go
to use the TV it like won't work you
guys all can kiss you for us all he's
going soon to the party meeting Kendall
and Kylie cats
Kermit really wants to see you on earth
are you excited to go out uh-huh I'm
excited to go in can't even be away from
daddy for one second hon Oh bud he's a
puddle of love like my move
he's like waiting to see where you go Oh
bud you need more hugs those are so cute
stop it get a room mm-hmm
I just decided that I want to get that
because it's like nighttime and I want
to be like cleaning cozy but not wash my
hair yet and the other night I forgot to
rinse on my bathtub and I was all like
covered and glaring oh good story
glitter clean my tub before I get in it
but I want to go back cuz I'm gonna go
and I'm gonna do what I want this is
called dry brushing for those of you
that don't know now you know it's like a
a natural bristle brush that you scrub
on your body there's lots you can google
it if you're into it it's the skin so I
put a little bit oil in there ready them
into a lush bath melt oh girl don't get
my
with well I want to know anybody else
that does this so I feel like if I put a
little oil in my bath just like that
right on the top even though I know that
Mel has oil in it like it gets all over
your skin and makes it super
moisturizing time you get out its dough
and I also have part of the gold bubble
bar leftover I actually have a bunch of
them left over from my highlighter video
I like them they're just very glittery
and I would prefer eventually to take a
bath without the glitter because you saw
the mess that it left what I wanted to
take another bath but it is a very nice
bubble fire I like looking nice and most
importantly I seriously swear by this
product it's like my favorite product
I've ever tried
Greg's Oh Greg just a duck why bathe
alone when you can bathe with ducks I'm
getting hot I'm gonna have to get out
soon I'm getting hungry for dinner and I
kind of want some listen you know when
you're hot and you just you just want
some spicy curry me too
I've been trying to use up that product
for a very long time I'm so proud of
myself I finally did it
it's not that I didn't like it I'm just
sort of like a self-tan brat and I want
something that has more DHA in it like a
better color deposit you know what I
mean so I was just sort of saving it and
I'm like get out of the bathroom covered
in oil the perfect time to use the
product the sign favorite but I finally
used it up because I'm a GU hoarder and
I don't throw things away
I just guilt myself into using them
until it's empty all right gonna make
some nice fat Akari I got some red
lentils some chilli turmeric mustard
seeds curry hot curry oh ha Oh cumin
half of that gigantic I mean from last
night
garlic salt pepper whatever I feel like
and to go with it cooking some rice oh
it's gonna be good it's gonna be spicy
and I'm gonna make it however I want
so in there I've got my lentils onions I
use crushed tomatoes on how many fresh
tomatoes
tonight so we'll see how it works and
some turmeric and chilli powder I'm just
gonna cook it down till those beans nice
and soft you know locate it Oh
who is it thank you keep warm
mmm such a happy rice maker thank you
for making me rice every day I love you
I'm gonna mash my lentil dal maybe let
it cook down a little bit we'll see I
mean I might know why it's almost a
thousand percent onion I can't even say
that I'm mad at it cuz I like it
so come eat in my house if you like
onion girl I will cook you onion for
dinner
here's the Tricia's pull up onion gonna
let that cook down a little bit more but
in the meantime I'm going to fry up
these spices mustard seed cumin seed a
little bit of cumin curry powder and
some hot curry powder so little go easy
take it easy
some girl I'll cook this down until the
mustard seeds start popping excuse you I
can never get a moment of peace and
quiet because I live it on cattle then I
created
don't hurt me mustard seeds and so I
mixed the two together mashed it a
little smashed it yelled at it verbally
assaulted it added some salt and pepper
and now I get some nice-looking dal and
I'm gonna put it over my rice I'm going
spoon because I need a hard core eat it
like a glamour shot you mix it all
together and where do you get red lentil
dal and I left the portion for Julien
just in case when he comes home and he's
hungry I can't carry all this let me
know the comments what your favorite
kind of dal is maybe it's red lentil or
American girl or far pea let me know you
go any further or as far as these people
you have gone one Andy Park if you're in
luck some England I'm having a good time
Julie's home and guess what time it is
it's hard fuck time that it did it lit
it in little little oh my god I don't
know how I have 17 packs because I
bought like a bundle and then I opened
them all and then I just reopened this
and it says I have 17 pack call the new
fucking cards oh my god this card seems
devastating whenever you cast a spell
game to attack kill me see I usually
fuck with the priests
so I got a legendary priests card
earlier in a pack and I was so excited
oh I can't wait to disenchant you for so
much dust I'm fully aware that many
people have no idea what I'm doing right
now that's fine it's fine just playing a
little hard fuck what are you laughing
more Oh part fuck fuck oh fuck jeah go
go I'm getting sleepy though not just
big furry blanket
Kermit stole that blanket all for
himself
Julie what do you got going on tomorrow
I'm gonna work on the podcast I'm gonna
get a list for you dead or alive like
two podcasts ago we played a game called
super fight we one of the cards said
Gandhi and I was like but Gandhi's dead
and Julian was like no no
Gandhi's alive then he googled it and he
looked up it said his age when he died
was 78 but he thought that that meant
that Gandhi was 78 or his whole career
okay well you just glance at I get it
when we were like on the podcast but it
was really funny except it was like dude
Gandhi's like super-dead
oh where I was thinking of gathering a
list of people both dead and a lot and
making a full podcast for Julian to play
dead or alive so I'm gonna do that
tomorrow then we're gonna podcast
somewhere I think and I really want to
out of the podcast room so I might do
that but that's what we got going to our
what else you have going on tomorrow you
there's something I know I feel like
there's like a big thing dude every
supposed to do I don't fucking know dude
on the cyclamates in my vlog
part fuckin sleep but yeah I think I'm
just gonna play some part buck and when
you go upstairs and get in the next so
I'll see you guys tomorrow for vlogmas
say - I know stay was totally riveting
watching me do this vlog fuck happy vlog
fuck
