it's the most wonderful time why are you
crying
oh really though welcome to block this
oh yeah I don't really have my voice
right now I told you guys after last
year that I would do vlogmas again this
year and in fast-forward a year later
here we are at vlogmas excuse you please
 snap Chinese stop snip shooting
is that real you literally have invested
this thing office in the office that's
not true I did like one thing oh that
you're excited cuz I'm excited I'm gonna
try my best
again just like last year so if I miss a
day or two don't get mad okay just it's
not just chopping some onions why not
what do you say we kick this vlog miss
off with a little JJ's kitchen and JJ's
kitchen what do we got on the menu up
Cheers
all about I'm like legit crying right
now we're making vegans to get in
meatballs getting meatballs and for
those of you that have it watched the
vlog on my blog channel since last year
Julian's been vegan for about a year
yeeeee-haw Crichton sushi so I'm not
vegan he's a he's a chicken but I eat
you only eat raw fish but you'll need
raw fish raw fish for sushi aside from
that zero so that's the change on me
yeah Julian is any any dairy also no
blue guess he's still celiac stop
something that goes away so it's been
really nice to like cook together and
eat together because Julian doesn't eat
meat anyway we're do this onion this is
half of one onion it wasn't a ziploc
that that's what she said
she said it doesn't even thing that
Ziploc we actually trying to put our
whole will be in it logistically how
how something like that executed I can't
believe that it's December 1st sorry
yeah dogs are eating dinner here's an
extra close live view of dinner mom
hey buddy what if I just made my vlog
like 15 minutes of this dump
kill her me nasty then bothering salmon
Roddy yeah check out my blog camera
looking in no this is what I'm watching
stop it look at my phone stop this is my
podcast stop tell me why I shouldn't
bother this camera cuz you look
ridiculous but look how easy this is
this is how you drop it this is this is
Zoolander's phone in a block how are
they supposed to live they can't fit
inside the building but for real I don't
have a point shooting work as I gave my
little g7x to bread and I don't use it
it's always like this could be my point
 why don't you ever how's the audio
another thing it's not great but if you
go like this it's really good right now
making stuff to make vegan meatballs
onion mushroom spinach
I'm gonna grab my blender because we're
gonna add some flour see doubling this
recipe and I think 4 teaspoons so far
except for or I think that's four we put
in onions in the garlic so that cooks
for about five minutes then we have the
mushroom
bitch and you took it down a little more
this is how you gotta work the vegetable
when you cook it it's really well you go
right on the top and you get into the
next class of the cookie really and
success oh you make it a mess
I really like my fishtail braids today
even those grades are fun and it helps
when your hair super dirty you can get
like another day out of your hair
I'm trying to like grow my roots out in
case you didn't tell well I think I am
getting my hair done next week but I'm
trying to like have it be healthy and
stop bleaching my scalp because it's not
helping my head at all I used to never
do fishtail braids because it takes so
 long like you know a three
strand braid I feel like you're just
banging it out with a fishtail braid a
lot of criss-crossing I got time for
that so for my birthday this year my dad
sent us a bunch of spices this is he's
so sweet Jenna's garden oregano
Rochester New York 2016 it really does
smell like unbelievable really excited
half a teaspoon of dish and a half
teaspoon of basil a little extra cause
it smells salt water nobody ever got mad
at extra flavor
ooh take me to flavortown so meet us
talk about a little over five ounces of
black beans you put half of them and we
try putting all of it in the blender and
it ends up like the meatballs don't
stick together you need some of the
whole beans to make it stick together in
delicious
actually splitting in the spinach garlic
mushrooms we need a food processor we
just want you to start off
I think you need to blend it quite that
much but I was excited beans and rice
and then you pour this sorry minute
really thin we're gonna probably should
be a little thicker than that but you
know it it's fine you can add some
flour maybe we got problems I write it
into something do you think we done
 up somehow so we're gonna try and
thicken up our meatballs it's an
experiment whatever yeah yeah chef Julia
damn Julian that's looking thick with 2
C's I'm just making little meatballs in
the past this doesn't really worked that
well like once it worked ok we haven't
really added flour before have we
no but we've also like if they come out
are too crappy and you mix them in with
the sauce you just like mush em up and
it makes like a Bolognese it's really
good
we added some salt and red pepper flakes
to make it a little spicier - it's
really good
I know they look green now but after
they bake they come up kind of Brown
ovens at 350 to bake them for 30 minutes
guess what this is not for you this
money thing oh he's so sweet you're
always in the kitchen just like your
daddy
Wow ee jeez Oh fight each other for my
affection right fighting out there a
little flowery but they should still be
free tasty it's real easy to make our
own sauce and our heating up some nice
delicious store-bought marinara we're
gonna cut corners it caught a marinara
corner we're gonna cook the spaghetti in
a second the meatballs room was done
yeah they're done they usually come out
a little bit different but we had to
audible because we messed up so I'll go
tight tight and then we're gonna add
some cheese one that's basil that goes
on the top like one of the best parts
you put fresh basil and it tastes so
good in the songs of it it was hot
how can you eat that Melbourne is his
best to smell okay you're right yeah it
doesn't matter it's fine so you can't
obviously just put that on your sketti
boat we're gonna mix it in oh ma why is
pasta time off that time astatine you're
gonna serve the sauce yeah sauce us can
you some good meatballs Wow
we're good you know handful of cheese
just throw me some basil
oh hell yeah that makes it so good yeah
mix it around make sure it's quad I know
it looks like a lot of sauce like if you
eat regular pasta you don't like that
much sauce but with the meatballs since
they're made out of vegetables it's
somehow like it ends up being just the
right amount good
I like adding chili pepper I like a
skinny spicy so that time my dad used to
make it and that's the how I make it
mmm tell them it's I love murderer sauce
so much that unless you don't even want
cheese's fair enough we're outside
weather no okay ah you know what time it
is
walk dinner and survivor dinner and
survivor dinner and survivor
he has excited you guys okay they're
scary you start moving to five foot
three Nurit survivor
generative I booked my breath to show
you we put up a bunch of Christmas
decorations the other day so lovely and
usually I treat and one of our stockings
fell down and our fireplace in the
little table full of Christmas things
and a guy on the wall some lights and
some lights and Santa I'm Santa
and we also got this white for a blanket
and these pillows which are really cute
but the dogs have decided that this is
their favorite pillow guys that's really
cute we're gonna eat and watch the
Firebird dinner and survivor dinner it's
a five but I'm hungry I gotta go by so
I'm working on my video right now
editing and sometimes my little Marvel
likes to sit with mommy
but tonight look who also demanded to
sit on Mommy's desk you're a little big
for that spot but but as long as you're
happy then I work here and you guys work
here and Paige works over there by
herself good good are you happy bud this
is what you wanted are all your dreams
coming true
yes sit on the desk I'm helping boys I
love you guys thank you for staying in
mind this is what my desk looks like
tight guys tight
this is ear blood especially good it's
really well sorry mix this I just finish
my videos upload you know we're gonna
get ready for bed soon
but we're getting a little tired loopy
tired loopy hi do you need ops 3 is the
best it's the best part of the trilogy
it's so good I mean that's open to
interpretation but Julian was like
actually cozy but you you were also in
the videos but but it a lot no but a lot
of times uh while we watch it and I'll
just kind of be like gods it's funny
it's goofy I'll see what people will
enjoy it but this time like iris really
loved you they did we chicas burp on
command computers and my voice well get
a room my boys are so here on the dusk
Kerman keep stirring like interest but
back to footage I embody on there you
want to go to bed soon yeah
no but you wanna go to bed soon I know
what was there ok guys it's almost time
almost time just a little bit more being
very patient very dramatic we put our
little tree up here and look what we did
we put out Christmas sheets I'm so
excited
I've always wanted Christmas sheets and
for the first time in my life I went to
Target and I bought some and I'm really
excited about it and they're really soft
but we're going to go to bed and I will
see you tomorrow for vlogmas day two I
hope you like the video I posted on my
main channel mothers will go ahead
babbles can you do one all the way
upside down little happy blows miss
happy vlogmas
