I'm telling you it's just because
Elijah's on the couch is very tiny you
guys like Elijah those words mean that's
right my mouth I don't even care I don't
care all you have is this all you who
just loves it
okay oh you're going right for mouth
kisses oh you just finished podcast it
was fun yeah you guys are dope
we heard all the stories about your
Donald Trump rally and dildos and how
many people are just blocked by on
Twitter but we're gonna hang up cool
vlog Jenna
make sure you unsubscribe and
smash that just like button you've never
seen that
oh I shaved off my eyebrows there's a
whole wait where did you what are you
just looking at that right now like
where'd you find that yeah yeah I shaved
my eyebrows so why not it's a whole
video who sees oh no it's dumb
like he did a bunch of Julianne I didn't
like he's working it wait till I get my
CD yeah you got a feeling
ya know a little bit but they grew back
yeah like a month so fast
I've been trying to get a shape or
eyebrow for a video look I wanna make a
PowerPoint presentation on why she
should do do it look you should know
that just one big girl back literally a
week now I'll just draw yours on
Australia yeah if you shave yours I'll
show you mine off
are you shave lemma yeah you're right
hell yeah yeah yeah what did you just do
just tweeted if people had suggestions
for what we can do for your Varg cuz
it's a milah if for your bar why am i
because i want to do think I'm beautiful
I'll read some of the responses get
married cartwheels Jenga this wait
wait timeout what is cartwheels Jenga I
know the two separate and then glue
marble to peach sounds really good make
ugly Christmas sweaters blog thank you
get dinner at Wendy's eat cereal with
the dogs watch people over turn peach
into a Christmas tree we should do all
how could we do that no no targets open
but I've been drinking on the moon who
burn it target we should over to target
know what else little high didn't take
you dress up his autism do stop well we
just pass a rock back and forth
 my little home oh my god I miss you
a big dick
I give her a bath uh-oh
the body I can massage a magic shop but
if we set up an entire magic show I just
did it for no one for each other we just
been like an hour planning or magic show
it's like in 30 seconds it's over and
then it's kicked and we plan it together
so we already know what it is look at
the ball watch stuff on you again
okay see I can get down with that bill
before it make Christmas candy that's
Christmas right we should go your
potatoes with a hot potato you don't
need a hot potato hot potato you just
toss something back and try not to hold
it for very long you need a hot potato
okay that's like second-degree burns
that's why it's got this what is the
hospital of it be our guest be our guest
be our guest yeah I guess y'all should
definitely go before another private
seat we can use not tweeting while I'm
trying to sleep
listen to some Melanie Martinez music
videos how do you listen to a music
video I would though she's dope divorced
Mary's mom if we divorce them and then
remarry
current level he just women know I
upload a video and that thumbnail is
just like Herman it's like we need to
talk have a became and we upload pieces
purchase and she's just sitting there
like crying and then we have a little
gay wedding for you guys to groom nice
little gateway watch the B movie solid
suggestion write down reasons you love
each other put it in a jar and then read
them one by one
and then smash the skin my hello
from Target
friggin normal they play a board game
Paul restaurants and ask for the step of
your order
gingerbread triple D's I don't get what
that sentence means I'm yes but what is
what the diners drive-ins and dives
that serves gingerbread can you imagine
going into a restaurant and you're like
y'all of the gingerbread
he open the front gingerbread Doren Guy
Fieri's but they bring you a full
gingerbread house to your table likeness
isn't eat it like this point of a
gingerbread house but it's like the
decorations look wonderful even
Oh necie if you went back in the kitchen
there's like 70 gingerbread houses like
waiting for someone to order them what
if we did gingerbread houses oh you
can't do it in a day unless you have a
premade one babe that take too long to
stick the up don't whatever you Pioneer
Woman impression hi I'm REE Drummond I'm
REE Drummond I think goodness him
birthdays reenact us your favorite scene
from stuff on you please can't we we're
still got each other right now God you
might happen on your knees that's what
he says and he's having sex and he's on
his computer and then he wants to go
he's like g-man type in your niece my
boat order pizza play skyrim mmm that
sounds fun eat a frying pan buy potato
salad but it's but fart around at the
pretend Guy Fieri and REE Drummond Rina
B movie we're getting my game
let me Cameron his dick shows dick Oh
power dab aggressively I don't want a
power dad stuck on News live for a
Friday color-treated get to the bottom
of this I don't even know it's like a
woman holding fish on a sunset bottom
build a snowman using only stuff in the
house while talking in accents what guy
next but the mole I don't know you guys
are cute
oh love it are you doing that it's like
hugging an earthquake that's not funny
what's wrong with you a lot why is Peter
Pan always fun why is he always fun he
never glans
late
just want to let you know that I found
an hour-long version of this what I
typed in was madworld vine cover one
hour and it only has 800 views up to the
801 I love the Internet I love the
Internet if the dogs fart during this
it's because the cleaning people are
here downstairs and we're going to get
out of the house and have the dogs with
us for a while they're here but
something happened this morning the
story is like wait TMI so if you don't
want to know any of this you can just
skip any of it and I'll see you tomorrow
or whatever but as you guys saw we're
hanging out last night and we're having
so much fun we just had a good time like
just auditing around and I woke up this
morning and I got in my period and
usually like I have a fair amount of
cramps but nothing like insane like
sometimes they're worse than others and
sometimes I need to deal with it if it's
really bad but I took like a pamper in
something like that and was waiting like
20 minutes to kick in because it had
like literally woken me up which is what
happens because it's like it's so
painful it wakes me up on my sleep I was
like hoping that I could get back to
sleep once it kicked in and it wasn't
kicking in so then I was going to take
something else I was looking for like
advil or something like a different kind
of painkiller to take like as a
supplement to that angular and July gave
me an excedrin so I took that and all of
a sudden I started feeling just like so
lightheaded like I fell all the blood
like sort of drain out of my arms and
legs and stuff I had to like keep my
head like really close to the ground and
like in between my legs to try and just
breathe I felt like I was gonna pass out
and the pain was like getting
significant worse and it was like
alright it's been you know an hour maybe
oh this just like excruciating pain it's
only getting worse so finally I said to
Julian like
think I need to go to the ER like I
can't I don't know what to do we go to
the ER and they give me like an
anti-inflammatory like an IV the pain
was so intense that I sort of just felt
like completely out of it so Julian was
like answering all the questions for me
and being really helpful and it was
low-key I was like super proud of myself
because I was so out of it and in so
much pain that they were able to get
that IV in like right away and it was
like good pretty good yeah you big baby
they gave me some morphine which I'm
terrified of like I'm terrified for
Hospital drugs you know I'm just scared
of them they put it into my IV and then
they did an ultrasound like on my lady
area inside and outside which was tight
they found out that I have like I
figured what it's called like a fiber
five or something but it's basically
like a cyst on my ovary that is not
cancerous like it's not dangerous
but I do need to see like a specialist
to see if I need to have a remove I know
a lot of people have had them and it's
like semi normal like a lot of people
have that but the pain was so outrageous
like I think I've ever really been in
that much pain and I I ain't no
dog you know what I'm saying like it was
a lot of pain
it's good to know like the you know that
wasn't like my appendix wasn't bursting
something terrible they kept saying that
it could be like ovary was twisted which
sounds horrible yeah that's what we did
today they're there for a while and I
was just probably feel drugged out a
little bit you know hate that John I
went to pick up my prescription and it
is like a painkiller
but I came only going to take it if it
starts to feel like that because I'm
just terrified of those drugs
man like you know people and I've heard
of people like something happens to them
and they just get addicted to these
crazy painkillers and I just do not want
anything like that in my life I mean I'm
just like paranoid about it but it's
just it's scary to me I don't want to
say it cleaners are still here
cleaning which is wonderful because you
know what would be even tighter it's
like so all this happened today and we
didn't have them in
got to go around and like scrub the
bathroom like thank you past Jenna and
past Julianne for deciding this was a
good idea today because it's really
helpful but I think I'm gonna try and
not do much I can't do much anyways cuz
my knees will be pain killers the ones
that they're giving me apparently make
you drowsy you feel already tired I'm
sorry for the not exciting vlogmas but
the girl got a boo-boo on her girl part
so gotta get it looked at by a girl
booboo specialist make sure that I'm
okay I'm good and join is like literally
the sweetest best person in the whole
world he's just I just love him so
really really sorry that this was my
vlog but is what it is and it's really
stupid that I've had to have an IV in my
arm but between car accident is like a
matter of this long like most IVs have
ever had my arm in my life happened
within like the last what four months
six months but everything's okay with my
lady booboo wasn't expecting this today
on my favorite day hope you guys are all
right and not loopy loopy on drugs and
hopefully the rest of vlog this won't be
like this like hardest parts out of the
way just figuring out what's going on
not dying you know happy vlog for you
have a good night make sure you focus
smash that just like button and
unsubscribe for this what's that boo-boo
fog happy flood don't start barking it's
definitely not gonna help anyone but you
need to worry I'm okay everything's fine
it's just it was scary and now I'm on
the drugs that you can't particularly
say I'm fond of they don't like this you
guys thought you need to worry
everything's gonna be fine
even if they weren't fine it's fine it's
fine
I'll see you guys tomorrow is calling me
all right bye Bob
bye blog fun so in the weirdest turn of
events ever we were trying to just rest
and recover
these two dogs we're outside just
wandering around so Julian got them
right and leave all collars on and we
posted it to the neighborhood message
board the message board right now this
is like what I live for right here
incredibly bad day turned into
incredibly good day because ah there's
two doggies in my house Thank You
universe for looking out for me
no one's responded oh my goodness one of
them said it seemed like because they
have no collars on that it might be a
time where they somebody drops off their
dogs hate and just leaves them in a
neighborhood hoping that somebody will
find them in a doctor which is really
sad if that's the case they're so good
and sweet like they're clearly together
yeah there's definitely familiar with
each other there Oh dogs these are not
straight out yeah no and they're like
well fed they're Oh taking care of mrs.
I know come here
I wonder what your names are ETS what
happened you don't need to phone this is
like a dream right now though for being
there like we're just on the adventure
we got out of a release book to be and
we're just hanging out of the night it's
actually so nice having them I think
after a little while maybe we can family
the one with the dark spots is a
beautiful animal
yeah like it looks like majestic yeah
well this is like Winston and Kona light
for them right now so I think maybe we
can let Kermit out first and then we Chi
and then marble like if we can create
them tonight then they'll be fine
can you go in here hey can you go in
Ukraine I want to go in there boy can
you can you go in there really churning
out I know to get this thing oh you're
so wonderful everything bad that happens
doesn't equal and opposite reaction
right something bad happens today and
then just getting me get a wonderful
happy surprise what a day
well maybe is like the sweetest little
lady
so we fed them guys got water
you played outside for a little and then
it came back up here with good burp with
all the dogs and the boy one just went
and jumped into the back we're getting
another crate like that's that one in
the corner is like karma and peaches cuz
they like it in there that's like their
hangout spot we call it Kermit's condo
but we're gonna try to have them sleep
in crates tonight
stop it oh my god he's peeing all over
the house good look here you just peed
see on the edge of bed there took the
fourth time he's peed there are you
ready to lay down be ready to lay down
are you getting a little tired that's a
good boy yeah good boy honey I miss
Julian you like Julian huh yeah I kind
of old and slow and sweet good Oh bless
you no one's responded on the board like
the neighborhood board if these were
their doggies so we're thinking about
like tweeting it out or something like I
really genuinely hope that this wasn't
like people dropping off dogs in the
middle of nowhere to get rid of them
because it's so heartbreaking
peachy so I'm hoping maybe if we just
tweet it out that people would see it
you guys are getting pretty spoiled here
huh yeah you like it this dogs fun
people and pet I jumped in a bathtub to
jump in the past huh
did we find each other in the university
because we needed each other yeah yeah
sweetheart are you starting to calm down
then getting Carmen's being amazing we
know this about Kermit though like can't
trust him in the house it's not he does
what every lawn hates his mommy but
outside of the house or like in
scenarios where you need to just trust
him he's the most trustworthy dog he's
just a good dog like right now you don't
even have to worry about him Pete you
scared
gobbles gets a little annoyed when they
get too close to him or smell him too
hard it's understandable he's little you
know the Karma's just being like
wonderful with them hmm that's a good
boy
well no don't try and hump him he's not
gonna stand for that you tell her I'm
good for you but I did not consent to
you humping me good other boy living my
best life I wish I knew oh she's so
pretty
those are my glasses don't eat them but
I mean they're doing pretty good and
we're prepared to have them sleep here
tonight but my brother's coming with two
big dogs and a toddler my niece I don't
know what we're gonna do then
that might be too hectic you know
luckily the neighbor said if we can't
keep them that she could obviously we're
going to try to exhaust the option of
trying to find their owner rather than
drop them off at a shelter something I
really love you guys made my night
another rough you like hugs he keeps
looking at himself in the mirror
what are you doing this lady what are
you doing this lady
you just laying down heaven in there oh
okay you want to come too oh oh my
goodness I'm getting tired on TG girl
stop it like loki in heaven right now
you see if he's gonna do this again like
he'd never seen a bathtub huh
he knocked over this ball and you jumped
straight into the bathtub
hey hey so were you in is that where you
went did you go in there hmm how could
anyone not just love you you're so sweet
guys well hey come on let's go in here
come on guys come come mm-hmm like a big
giant we cheese all right we got the
Little Miss lady
Kermit let her borrow his condo for the
evening she's got a nice little greenie
in there oh here's our little
gentleman and their crate that we got at
the store with this little beanie what
was Alicia's yeah oh you guys I'll be
able to take you without even using the
bunk leashes we did it bubble you didn't
know me so proud of you so I don't like
sharing my parents but if I have to I
will very nice of you to let them
here okay and we got dinner that was
another reason we needed the crates cuz
we're like mama oh that's all right
right now that the boy keeps trying to
get out of that crate I don't know
he's totally good I think it was cuz you
again crate no rice it's a lot for today
are you just flip on some office okay
right all right
