Oh long time no see it haven't seen you
since I ended vlogmas so I wanted to say
hello
look what I did to my mega I'm so proud
in Japan this is called a gari makeup or
hangover makeup although it's kind of
like every right now because we just put
on a little bit ago we were live
streaming tonight because we started
twitch streaming although we had last
year a little bit I know I see we
started twitch streaming every Monday
now so we will be there every Monday I
played some Slenderman
Oh Daisy hey all right
oh thanks for writing to the star oh my
god
what kind of one apricot are you having
your calls that oh my god really I
really this guy's this is some of the
best fucking white wine yeah it really
is next level we're gonna cook some
dinner
Masuda miss the vlog and is you sure we
also got a smoker in the place of our
grill like our gas grill so Julian has
been loving the smoker because you can
smoke all of the meats on it so five
smoked vegan plan blows up yeah
scalloped potatoes yes we see you Kermit
vegan angle and free smoked macaroni and
cheese which was incredible you taste
like Gouda zucchini and some vegetables
bunch of different vegetables so Julian
gonna smoke some chicken I'm gonna work
on some butternut squash risotto it's in
a box I'm cheating last time we made
this we just made it without any cheese
or anything and it was fucking
unbelievable it should bake like a
vegetable I have some leftover zucchinis
so so much I have Julian so anti
vegetable
I floor some down your throat of course
it does feel like superhuman is amazing
I know why do you think that me being a
vegan has turned into now like I started
in 2009 and was so on and off and then I
finally was like no I'm doing this for
lots of different reasons not just for
help and you your body feels so great
and I for once in my vegan journey feel
like I also have a clear conscience so I
get that that's the one of the best
reward Julianne still eats all the meat
or me mostly meat mostly eggs see if
somebody give up like meat or eggs it
would be me already
eggs over me yeah I know you made fun of
me the other night so I was like you
should just try it and you're like yeah
maybe like a day a week or something but
that's something I would do do you feel
really good I promise you it makes you
feel really good yeah we're just gonna
hang out and just have a nice little
post stream cook some dinner I'm gonna
make more up to you can we put my rub
hello give them more prefer wrong than
here who I'll show you guys our spice
cabinet whoo I actually bought this at
like a Target or something I saw it and
I was like oh that looks helpful and it
was what like $15 ten dollars and it
fucking changed everything I really
thought it was just stupid and was gonna
fall apart no it's fucking amazing
you're Rob is dry thank you I saved it
for you
very sweet put in this little jar that I
saved for goalies right on users Hawkeye
and there's chili powder ooh kill em ooh
they don't want you to have spikes
change it onload lighting in here is
yellow you're not saying it wrong but in
the risotto is
some white wine some vegetable stock
onion and then the risotto it's like it
comes like pre it's got a pre fucking
thing in there but I bet you could take
like butternut squash soup
unlike some spices and make it like that
with just some regular fucking risotto
but because I was so fucking lazy
I just bought a box and I bought a box
of vegetable stock instead of making it
sometimes you know I just don't have
time to stand around make a bunch of
vegetable stock so excuse you not your
home go to your home go to your home go
home you can come in there we got our
butter and olive oil first butter and
going to cook an onions
and bam you know this is yours
ah these guys are nice the sauce and
clarified oh my gosh
now this risotto Maga it's like we're in
a glamour shot all right sorry I needed
two hands to do that and we lost some
good men but that's a Zotoh in there and
meanwhile vegetable stop it for a little
bit when we add it into there dan Murray
oh you got the white wine I'm convinced
that's what makes it taste so bomb and
then we're just gonna have this lazy
little packet of seasoning whole thing
yeah it just tastes like a spicy
delicious butternut squash and half of
the half of that thank you
we're going to cook it down
oh I think my do is I'm gonna take my
leftover smoked zucchini that are
looking kind of cold inside and one of
all all right Angela I throw them on the
smoker for me feed them up and dry mouth
a little I'll also show you that's my
leftover enchilada baked it's like
quinoa and delicious peppers and stuff
this is my giant leftover smoked mac and
cheese and under there the giant
leftover scalloped potatoes all the
veggies look sure happenin in case you
were wondering if I was eating enough
carbs they're happening hello what whoa
where'd you guys go ruff Oh
somebody got hungry before dinner did
you like it it's somehow legitimately is
better than the day we made it that's
good no I can vouch for that cuz I ate
some of it yesterday and it was like
unbelievable leftover you taking out the
trash she's sweet you sweet you loyal
you were trash man all right that's how
it's looking I think it looks pretty
done we at least took it off the heat
sometimes when Marvel doesn't know where
to sit he sits there all right so we got
some of this and some of this and some
of this you got your chicken yeah we're
gonna eat now is hold me one not for you
not for you did she drop it you know we
like literally just ran out of dog food
so I caught the dogs trying to eat a
carrot you guys just like the day um I
didn't take my buns out before I went to
sleep and I little like this so one
could safely say that you woke up like
this
how old uh blood is like an they don't
like something would they try
anyway look look you turn final hm
what are you eating dude some blueberry
things I don't like
don't worry alright so I'm shaving the
farm you've got some chicken and they're
still acting like this yeah I mean an
excess of cheating smart for my meal and
I bet it all for them like basically a
whole breast work basically guys all
right now you just being greedy is it is
that you doctor it is now actually an
Wednesday my video is finished
I'm just already cut it up we're going
to upload it in like three seconds I
just came let the dogs out Simon's cool
he has a pretty stupid video but we were
like cackling like writing out these
jokes but yeah I hope that you liked it
and I just wanted to check in see how
you guys are doing I didn't want you to
feel like I left you forever after
vlogmas cuz I didn't I'm here wall
that's right yeah I'll see you guys
later anybody want to say bye tdawg want
to say bye with your penis
you put a sticker over the webcam and
then what sticker says virus uh-huh
yeah I did that so the government can't
watch me with your penis
alright bye guys bye
