return-1 to show ms5 ads and every
briefing they all laughing oh my god
save us you like this soon sometimes it
feels unfair when the ads load faster
than the programming but this is way
worse yeah alright so I am in Oregon
it is Christmas Day last night we took
Julian to the ER because he had an
asthma attack we went it like home on in
the morning and he got an emergency
inhaler because he had tried earlier in
the day to get one and they like
it up which is to be expected because
it's Christmas Eve and then the pharmacy
is closed today he like had a really
awful asthma attack last night and so we
needed to go get him one and then today
we woke up and brought my little niece
some presents and she loved her backpack
and her purse and she put her belongings
in the
I just carried him around and it was
like the happiest thing in the world and
Zoey was like oh I saw something a quote
online that was like remember when
you're a kid and he thought Christmas
was the best and then when you grew up
he realized that having a kid on
Christmas was the best and that was
exactly how I felt like everything was
about her and her presence and having a
good time and having her be happy so it
was really great and sorry for being so
backlit but this is where I'm sitting
right now the only noise is just Julian
doing a time-lapse my mom was like oh
you guys go like go have a little break
from the dogs and it's a lot of my
family for Julian and he's being really
sweet and nice and he took a bunch of
pictures of everybody today which was
really great but we're just like doing
exactly what we came here to do and just
relaxing and having a good time and
being outside we just walked the dogs
all five dogs
my brother's big dogs have like this
waist strap that you put around and
they're really good except there's a dog
at the end of history that Kona or no
Winston has a lot of things to say too
he does not like this dog it's his
nemesis he takes this like that noise
but our dogs are doing good we only had
one accident in the house which was
peachy and she did it right under the
Christmas tree yesterday I think as it
smelled like tree and she thought she
was going outside but no dice
yeah I didn't vlog yesterday and didn't
really vlog much today
and you know I'm so happy about it
because this is what I'm doing look what
I'm doing
you see the current in that River it's
going so fast like that will drown
you want to go swimming with your penis
well I also want to show you so the
comments of my last vlog we're making me
laugh so hard and there's one more that
I want to tell you the Julian's been
doing to me recently I don't know if you
guys know who Chris Lilley is he does
like Summer Heights High and angry boys
he's on HBO if you ever want to watch
them his shows are hysterical so I think
it's what show is Jonah from Tonga and
he also has his own show called drone
from Tonga what was he originally on
Summer Heights High yeah he had a
character named it's his name is Chris
Lilly and he plays all different types
of characters one of whom was like a
Polynesian teenage boy and he talks in
this like hey miss me slick
that's her nice comes from and
so Julian started going like whatever I
won't do something goes pushy and then
makes a kissing noise to me pushy pushy
you want to like that is really
funny like insult someone and then make
a kissing noise after they look at do it
like jenna having my camera like no
Seaton's rule there's so nice to breathe
in like not smoggy gross city air like
some clean air
check in with you guys later
para
sorry for the delay we are back from
Oregon we drove for a couple of days and
it was beautiful we took a different way
back we went through Sacramento I had
never been to Sacramento and it's pretty
cool I dug it yeah we had a really
really wonderful Christmas I changed my
niece's diaper like my brother and my
sister-in-law were just like yeah just
go in there and do it and I'm like
Julian get up you're coming with me and
it was just so funny because I've
changed a diaper before but I don't
think that juliet's
and so I was like doing it and it was
just like someone had dumped a can of
dog food in her diaper and Julian gets
kind of like gaggy and grossed out you
know about dog poop and I was just
sitting there with the biggest smile on
my face like oh this is what you have to
look forward to in life if you think
that dog poop is gross like Oh
Julian I love you yeah sorry for not
ending vlogmas like on Christmas but I
was doing that I was changing a diaper
and laughing and it's like wiping my
niece's bottom while like talking to her
and asking her I'm like is this right so
mom does like should I use this diaper
like which one should I use and she like
she knows everything she's so swag it
was just so funny
we finger painted we read lots of books
it was just like I I I don't know how to
describe it like spending time with her
it's just it puts your whole life into
perspective how much stupid stuff
doesn't matter when you're like no you
you're what matters you and I always
know that but I do I get wrapped up and
stupid dumb mundane everyday life stuff
and then when you get to change a
child's diaper while talking to them and
asking those questions and look seeing
the look on your younger boyfriend's
face like I don't know what I'm doing oh
it's just it's just the best thing in
the whole room I had some good time at
the end there with her
I was giving her a bath with my brother
and you know getting her ready for bed
and she's just so sweet and wonderful
and that's all I've been working towards
it's just to have those moments and I
got to have them and I'm just so
grateful and happy and yeah sorry for
being a big ball of bumbly baby about my
niece but I just adore her so much ah
but we are back home and I wanted to
post this because it's already a little
late so we're on the road and I'm like
trying to just post it just to
end vlog minutes just do it that's what
I'm doing I just want to end it so that
I can hard shot off for a few days which
is really important I think that you
need to have a break for your brain so
that's what I'm going to do and we
listen to so many podcasts in the car we
listen to all of Shane's podcasts and
the podcasts that a lot of people on our
podcasts have been suggesting for us to
listen to podcast section is called
serial and it was so good except it
didn't have like a real ending
and I'm like going crazy I don't have
any closure and I feel worried about it
and we are watching the show making a
murderer on Netflix and it's the most
frustrating thing I think I've ever
watched so that's what I'm going to do
and I'm gonna lay in my pajamas I had a
really great time doing vlogmas I hope
that you guys liked it even though I
wasn't the best at it but you know at
least I said that at the beginning like
hey I'm gonna try so I'm proud of myself
for trying and for just doing it and I
hope you guys got something that you
wanted to see or not or you know
whatever I'm hoping to keep blogging and
keep doing this I don't think I like the
doing it every single day I think that's
what make anybody insane you know I will
definitely try to post more vlogs for
those of you that enjoyed blog --mess
and you like you know seeing not a
stupid video my main channel I just want
to see some real I'd be happy to
keep doing that because I think that
it's fun so I promise that I will do my
best to be better and post more for you
because it's just as cool and it's
cool not to have to put on any sort of
like jenna Marbles II thing happening
with a lower level of expectation I get
to get to actually be myself for the
most part which is enjoyable to me at a
good time I hope you had a good holiday
I wanted to officially sign off from
blog Ness and I definitely will not be
posting until probably after 2016 happy
end of vlogmas I'm gonna eat food and
relax and just shut off so listen to me
shutting off my friend Kermit get out of
my back deck with your penis
