morning you can't really stand the back
to the sunrise and there's like a bay in
there Robin over a bridge and you can't
sit but I use it cutting out it's early
to go an organ yeah see I told you looks
like that you couldn't see it because my
fat face is in the way sorry now enjoy
this beer that's not nice look it's a
road that we're on the road and we're
driving on a road so pretty Sun good
morning son
missed you
go
ready
right on not as pretty as you
we're driving guys how you doing they
just all peed in the snow I'm very proud
of you and I'm gonna take over driving
in a minute
Julian's getting tired you all right I
think we're gonna get some food and get
some gas and then keep on going spend
about we're probably like halfway there
yay can't you fucking see that it's a
rainbow I swear you know we drove right
through the bottom of the rainbow and
there was no build oh yeah not much of
the vlog today we got to the hotel just
before five o'clock we were in the car
since 7:00 a.m. yeah we were in the car
from it's like 10 hours can't really
vlog while you're driving or sitting the
passenger seat because the role is if
you're sitting in the passenger seat you
need keys the driver company and play
music and like entertain them because it
gets pretty fucking boring the end we're
kind of bored we were getting really
tired towards the end there's snow and
like a long range Julian be sit through
all that rain but then we just went over
to my brother and sister-in-laws house
and had food and saw my niece and it
just made everything so completely worth
it like I totally forgot about her drive
how tired I was or anything like it all
just went away because she is now saying
words I FaceTime with her a fair amount
she sees the dogs through the phone but
like there's the first time she was like
recognizing them like in person because
the last time she met them she was an
infant
she had never said the word peach and
she was good peach she's so fucking
smart she's responsive she's sweet yeah
she's so sweet
she ate when I left they were like you
want to give Jana a kiss and I'm like
yeah a lot of kiss so apparently she
doesn't like kiss on the cheek like
you'll be like yeah give me kiss and
then she'll start to go towards your
cheek and then like move to your mouth
and just kiss you right on the lips it
over my heart so much baby hugging
against Danny no likes me like it was a
big change for Maya
last time she was just an ending I know
she cried oh I'm something oh she hates
me
yeah she did every time Julianne held
her she just cried hysterically and this
son it's nice now right I am NOT brushed
up on how many words a almost
two-year-old should know but she knows
so many words it's shocking and she's so
tall like she looks like she could be
for the Debbie Machine might say hi but
we saw her tonight and she has a cold I
feel so bad for her she seems really
sick and I know what that's like because
the first time I met my niece I was so
sick there's that old picture of me on
Instagram the first time that I met her
and had a head cold I had went to the
store and got like one of those painting
masks you know the white ones and like
goggles and gloves and like a big
plastic poncho and rain boots and that
was how I met her like I literally
showed up and walked in the door and was
like hey it's me it's grant being
cookies ever I know that's like I feel
really bad for a mom that's Christmas
and she just wants to hug and kiss my
niece but she's like I feel bad cuz I'm
sick but she might say hi if she feels
up for it we might be able to get the
Debbie machine to say hi but I will
likely not be vlogging any time with my
family because they are real people in
real world than the I just have never
asked him just not going to especially
not my niece she's not going to be in
the blog fingers crossed for a high from
the Debbie machines that's what I got
for a vlog today friend blood Lynn Saira
wasn't the most exciting thing ever but
we were fucking just staring at a big
long stretch of road for almost 10 hours
my first extras video went up today and
also did a collab with heart her
channels that's heart she's a beauty
blogger yeah and she's oh my god she's
so fucking wonderful she's a beautiful
beauty blogger
yeah I can't I feel like you can't even
say the f-word like while I'm speaking
about her even though I mean it like
she's so fucking wonderful like being
around her and Arnold sometimes I'm like
no I feel like you guys are just way too
good for everybody
like I can't be in the same room as you
I feel unclean but she is like so sweet
and so wonderful and my friend and
Arnold is obviously friends with
Julianne that video went up on her
channel and I did like a a cappella
thing with Ricky on Ricky Dillon's
channel at Ricky we recorded for like
two hours
we were like in tears it really is too
bad that he doesn't have the beginning
of that footage because they were parts
when I was crying actual tears of
laughter here's a laughter often the
best types of tears I don't know I like
tears of embarrassment I like yours
misery I like tears of blood Lina's top
it you can do it I like cheers elderly
tears of the okay tears of the elderly
and now it's time to say good night
Angela made a weird all people are so
furry huh we're loopy delusional we're
gonna go to sleep
and hopefully I'll have something to
vlog for tomorrow so we'll do so we'll
figure it out David my children if you
guys want to hear really clear audio we
pour some wine go over to much mother
God it sounds so satisfying a lot of
people confidence oh my Ali I could
listen to a loop of that it's wine it's
gonna get you're pouring it into a paper
cups go so nasty you done with your
penis penis with your penis okay it
tastes delicious but it looks like piss
in a cup it actually does like we can
drug that and no we don't really usually
drink wine on a nightly basis but like
when you're in a hotel and you strove
for nine hours it's really nice to come
have a glass of wine and then just like
knock the fuck out you know what I'm
saying you filming with your penis like
that's the most obscure quote ever
I'll see you guys know we're talking
about comment no no one's gonna know
that your penis comment with your penis
it's from an episode of Law & Order SVU
where Olivia Benson and Elliot Stabler I
don't remember the scene they got called
to something where a guy was like
assaulting a woman he was like ma'am I
was just trying to help her get up and
she was goes with your penis and we were
like we was like in the background one
night bluebells heard it and be like we
looped it like 70 times I was trying to
help her you know with your penis
but yeah alright I'll see you guys
tomorrow with your Phoenix
you
