well they're my floor some sizzurp so be
careful don't hurt yourself okay we're
going to leave for Oregon the morning
but videos are done extras are done both
of them they're uploaded they're ready
to go podcasted you got that out of the
way I'll wash my hair we still have to
pack and get the car ready and stuff so
we can leave in the morning but I also
need to wrap hold my Christmas gifts I
just realized that we only have one roll
of wrapping paper so we'll still have
them and peachy got into some of these
she stole them look look at this I'm
gonna take that out of the packaging
it's just such a brat
alright I'm gonna wrap these look where
all the babies are gonna sit you guys
sitting in bed by the fires very cute
Beach I think your friend is dead bro I
think he's dead she kills all her
friends she's cold-blooded see when
you're running out of wrapping paper and
it's already pretty wrinkled and sad
just put a bunch of your stuff together
that are all the same and then just I
just realized that the only tape that I
have is double-sided not really working
it's just making it so nothing's ever
going to stick or everything's going to
stick to everything blue masking tape it
is
sorry family how you wrap your presents
really says a lot about you as a person
might say at least you tried we love you
anyway
thanks family oh I recruited some help
Julian helped me we're wrapping up the
things that getting close but running
out of wrapping paper so when it's
improvised this one is fear the machine
love Japan
it's the Debbie machine that's my mother
as I called my mother the machine home
thanks for helping look we ran a
wrapping paper we got to get a gift bag
for the rest of my niece's little soft
toys but
the rest of them are wrapped within it
and we had something there now them
enough sitting back
you guys wanna pass criminal path I'll
be you want attack the forest fairy has
run them away
Boris fairy take me to your forest I'll
see if we can get him to take us to the
forest
take me to your forest are we in the
forest no you're not gonna are you jumps
instead of water you say I know they
think that they're getting treats this
trillions packing up the dogs sir
you guys aren't that smart are you gonna
cut this up cuz your little mouth can be
excited very cute good
whoa tree all right this is how the dogs
pack we leap has we got we we've had
saving many many hotel rooms in their
food which they never go all the way
through but last trip our more power
that we took them they got closer I got
close but um that's plenty
yep little like travel bulls in there
delicious they just earned here bags are
in here got a remember Marvel boyfriend
Marvel's bear
we shouldn't dare pack him tonight
though because only get in the bed
Marvel's gonna be upset if he's not
there
Marvel you boyfriend's upstairs okay
they just want truth we're gonna go
upstairs and pack up our stuff across
their back door I watch a lot Dateline
okay I'm gonna lock the door oh you guys
and you go out okay never mind gonna
take this lash off soon it's bailing
it's quitting the team get on the team
most of my clothes are packed I think I
don't know there's some stuff in there
we're gone for like a week right yeah
yeah I mean we're only gonna be there
for a couple days but getting there and
backs gonna take a leak so we started
bring our big suitcases mostly just like
warm stuff cuz it's chilly got all my
clothes packed in there shoes a hat and
stuff and then I'm gonna bring this
flying squirrel onesie because I think I
know a little baby girl that that might
make her laugh so
so I'd be shot maybe I'll show up on
Christmas Day and my flying squirrel
onesie and bringing my backpack so that
we can match two regular homes
even though mine broke and I had the
safety pin it back together because I
haven't shown it together yet and I had
to do the most time-consuming part which
is just my toiletries although I just
washed my hair
so hopefully I'll have to bring too much
 but la contacts
all right blind right there we go my
hairbrush full of hair cuz I'm dry
shampoo hairspray toner white clip I
shower cream my glider can face scrub
some hairbrush these are my belongings
darling here no like 8 million contact
lenses made if I can save my eyes and
then I got my makeup bag all makeups and
the brushes me what all this stuff in my
suitcase guys on Gor in a busy cousins
my brother has two big dogs
their names are Conan Winston I think
that they're going tonight you not you
will go in the morning guys
they're ready you guys are ready for
some good quality time are you going to
do jet so in the morning yeah I think so
if if we unless we wake up early and we
just want to hit the road
well then why now we are gonna mobile
it's not a question for you my boat so
we are good probably gonna we're gonna
go just look upside down you wanna go
we're gonna go you want to go oh my god
oh my god exploded up at you and nobody
oh my goodness what a job I know guys
we're not going to curve it he looks
like a whale our bed is such a peaceful
place so excited I've been waiting for
forever it's all so excited it's gonna
be really fun it's gonna be beautiful
and amazing and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
happy vlogmas buy beers start coming and
they don't stop coming in middle stuff
that's why you're my wife Joyce mmm both
work like what is it does you Millie
I'll be wife Connie Queen look yeah
squeeze good night
