well they're happy vlogmas day 15 I
think I don't know it is Tuesday and I
asked on my facebook what I should do
for my last video of 2015 because the
two weeks of Christmas and New Year's I
always upload extras so that I can have
time with my family although that is no
easy feat so I look forward to all of
that continuing to happen editing
through an entire year's worth of
footage to find some funny extras but
tomorrow is my last video of the year
and people always think that I make like
drunk videos all the time but like if
you go back on my channel and look how
often I make them it's like every
several months and I do that on purpose
because drunk videos is probably what
people request of me the most and I
don't really do it that often because
hey I have to do it like a day ahead of
time and like it really fucking drunk
which is kind of weird sometimes unless
I shoot it on a weekend which means you
know anybody that wants to have fun on
like a Friday Saturday I'm like oh sorry
dude I gotta be here alone and drink in
my house so but but I try not to do it
too often either because it's sort of
like is that really who I am no I'm not
like a drunk person we drink on the
weekends and that's it I'm not like over
here getting drunk all the time and I
think posting too many drug videos would
certainly get across that I have an
alcohol problem so something that's been
requested a lot was to do like Pinterest
fails there are other people on YouTube
that do those really well I wouldn't say
I'm just necessarily go into it calling
it Pinterest fails because you don't
know what's gonna happen or at least if
you're shooting a real video you don't
know what's gonna happen you don't want
to fail on purpose sometimes you're
really fucking good at shit while you're
drunk man that's just the reality but
because I did not upload anything
festive or holiday II I didn't want to
do more than one holiday video in the
month of December or even November
that's just like that's too much man
nobody needs that much fucking holiday
videos when you upload once a week
fucking stop it so I decided to hold off
until my very last video of 2015 I want
to make it something festive Christmassy
holiday eat and something drunk and
pinterest e so what I did is I went
through Pinterest and I got a bunch of
crafts that I think are manageable in
the amount of time
that I have like people always send me
one so like do this drunk and it's like
a fucking tie-dye or like paper mache
project like it something that's gonna
take multiple days like I can't stay
drunk for multiple days nor do I want to
get drunk start the craft get drunk a
next day finish the craft and then get
drunk and like do the end part of it
like it's just not feasible or healthy
so anything that I do drunk needs to be
executable in one night also for this
video because I'm feeling like extra
trollee
I kind of want to make it with a little
bethany mota a like a little gue really
sort of voiceover I've never attempted a
drunk voiceover or some drunk like
b-roll which I think if I could pull it
off and if I can convince Julian pull it
off would be like gaggle central because
I was sitting thinking about it I'll
shoot the whole video for safety reasons
I think I would shoot it well like I
usually do like you know I'm actually
doing it I'm actually narrating it while
I'm drinking and drunk and then to be
ambitious I would like to try and do all
the have Julian handhold like shoot b
roll and then my last step and the very
end of the day when i'm fucking really
drunk is to do a drunken voiceover which
is going to be very difficult because
it's going to be raw footage not if it's
going to be edited I don't know what I'm
going to be voicing over but I think if
I go in with a plan of just narrating
what I did drunk that I can maybe clip
together something at some point I just
don't know and that's the hardest thing
about drunk videos is that you don't
know what you're going to get you don't
know if it's gonna be funny you don't
know if it's gonna work it was gonna be
good it's always a risk
so there's gamble so I'm willing to take
that risk because I think the other side
could be pretty fun at first step after
I found a bunch of crafts that I think
we could do is to go to the craft store
and get all the supplies I always try
and pick like some extras just in case I
get home and I'm like I can't really do
this or you know it just doesn't really
work out the way I want it to so we
probably will be shooting for a very
long time that will mean a piet√† ting
tomorrow for a very long time because
whenever I shoot a drunk video I have to
wake up and edit it
today because you can't edit while
you're drunk get in the holiday spirit
by fucking getting really drunk and
making some crafts I get asked all the
time like are you really drunk in the
drunk videos or like how drunk are you
and my response is always for example
the very first drunk video that I ever
did was my drunk makeup tutorial and I
didn't remember finishing the video it
was not my intention to not remember the
end of the video but because I was down
there committing to drinking and it was
sneaking up on me that I was still
drinking the part where like my hands
were in my pants I'm like I need to go
to bed
yeah I didn't remember like shutting my
laptop and going to bed for the night so
I woke up and was like oh did I finish
that but yes and I will show you later
tonight the sad reality of getting drunk
for a drunk video it's not like I'm over
here fucking partying having a great
time and there is like a golden level of
drunk because you don't want to be like
incoherent that's gross and
irresponsible and not a good feeling
anyways but you also don't want to be
like not drunk at all because in my
opinion that's fucking fake and boo and
get off the internet like yeah that's a
drunk video if you're gonna take a sip
of alcohol and then giggle no that's how
this works
commit to the night commit to the craft
commit to the video get drunk and do the
fucking thing you feel me so that's I'm
gonna do I'm gonna go the fucking craft
store because now I'm fired up whoa we
Artie Julian Julian's ready
Julian get up go home with a real
girlfriend bitch are you fucking serious
truly gonna make me tickle you hold
formal your what Starbucks
I don't have Starbucks you know we can
stop at Starbucks if you want Jillian's
napping and just demanded Starbucks what
happened to my boyfriend's and since
when did you turn into a privileged
teenage girl who here's my Starbucks he
says Julian let's get going come here
yeah
we just got home peachie ripped apart
one of the couch cushions per usual
she's at home
peachie ran home naughty not no crying
we just went to two different crafts
stores and one beauty supply store kiss
really needed something for his hair but
we have a semi plan of attack first of
which we need to get some food then our
tentative plan is to probably lay
everything out in an order that makes
sense we are still waiting on some stuff
we like ordered some food so that I
could make weird-looking cookies so we
eliminated a trip by ordering that
because postmates because it's so
fucking amazing to have food delivered
to you why would I go get food so we're
gonna eat some food then I'm gonna go
put on my makeup probably we're gonna
lay out everything but what I'm gonna do
in what order and probably go through
kind of what I want Julian to help me
with and what I want him to shoot and
then comes the risky part which is I get
drunk and then do everything though if
we fail in somehow executing what I want
then we're just gonna have to settle for
whatever happens that's a plan first of
which Julian what are we gonna eat for
dinner
oh we're we're gonna get some dinner hey
what do you want again what does stuff
real dog stuff oh my dog stuff I love
mushy tails broken his fuck I broke my
tail eyebrows a tail you never care care
more alright see you in a little bit gee
why did you chew this you know this is
not yours why did you chew it why did
you do it did not it when you chew a
pillow I have to clean it up we know
that okay you're so cute you know that
Kim you're not
okay PG you know when you tear apart the
cushions
it doesn't help mommy or daddy it's not
nice that was our day you're literally
ruining my life peach peach you're
ruining my life
peach that was mommy's pillow you're not
allowed to do that - mommy's pillow it's
not nice not for you not yours
oh right you don't being on it's okay
you're paying for dinner where the
fuck's your wallet
peachie come to me okay all right love
you I love very much I know you're
naughty girl you can't help yourself
oh I'm not counting time you need me
what are you doing cousin Oh Bieber go
everyone come thank you very much
coming game all right we just shot an
intro for my video I'll show you all the
stuff that we got at the store
now comes the weird part where I need to
get drunk but I'll show you what we got
the store got all kinds the crafts and
materials
we're gonna make all the crafts and all
those mason jars over there no high
percent sure why I said it like that but
uh I need to start drinking so that we
can make this video happen it's very
easy when you're making a drunk video to
just start like drinking and then be
like okay I'm just gonna go to bed
I'm going to get drunk and get going
wish me luck huh
I don't know if you couldn't tell what
my skin's free out on me it took me a
long time to do my makeup because it's
very difficult to just cover up your
angry ass fucking skin man just needs a
lot of love and help anyways here's what
I'm doing I'm drinking champagne
now don't let this make you think that
I'm very fancy because I am not at all I
promise you champagne doesn't have to be
expensive sometimes it's very affordable
and lovely this is gonna sound like the
worst weirdest thing in the world but
when I started doing drunk videos I
would sort of like mix up what I was
drinking and I found that certain
alcohol makes the video different or
better or worse it's not always just
purely what I'm drinking sometimes it's
what I'm doing or how I'm feeling but I
found that getting drunk on champagne
makes for like a very silly video which
is what I'm going for silly and or like
kind of sleepy which is the drunk that I
think is usually the goofiest I've tried
like cider and obviously like taking
shots it just doesn't end up okay but
champagne I feel like I get like sleepy
and silly and that makes for the best
video it's weird it's weird that I have
that as a nugget of knowledge in my
brain and I wish that I didn't because
that's fucking sad so cheers to that
also I don't want to make this sound
like oh woe is me I have to get drunk
and make a video nah if I if I didn't
want to do it I wouldn't do it not the
worst thing in the world it's kind of
fun and it's fucking hysterical it's
really funny to watch yourself be drunk
on camera so i really suggest that
anyone do it at some point i think it
just reveals all of the true things
about your soul that you never get to
see otherwise I'm probably going to
finish survivor season 13 and make it a
drinking game
drink anytime someone says vote or Idol
or immunity or challenge or Jeff Probst
just speaks so I'm going to try the best
that I can so I want you to see it's
like I'm not being fucking edited a not
being whatever I literally just got
drunk and this is how I make
this portion of my drunk video content
yeah okay so I cut it so that it's like
a Janus drunk like y'all I'm drunk dude
I know I'm not gonna say how much I
drank because that's horribly
embarrassing and please don't touch me
without even saying how much I drank
please don't judge me but fuck come on
dude come on
so that for all the people that comment
in the comments like Jones the same
sober if she is drunk like no dude it's
a compliment
and also an insult somehow to be drunk
and sober the same person I'm not I'm
same person forever forever there's a
significant difference and I'll dude I
hate to break it to you but um pretty
drunk pretty fucking drunk so I'm gonna
make this video now I'm gonna do it
I forget what we're doing but we're
gonna do it for we're gonna do it it's
gonna be great
good me I'm so great all right Hayley up
