see boo boo boo boo boo stop barking
stop barking she said help I love it 1 2
3 4 5 6 dog kennel my own health I'm
still finishing my blog because we went
to sleep last night so I'm doing that
for a little bit I'm also trying to book
a flight out for my mom she's coming
here for Christmas
but then she's coming back right after
because I think she's gonna be living
here 3 to 4 months so get excited for
that you know oh God I was just died
thanks for being here for me through
this difficult time of falling over oh
you just go from barking to looking each
other
hi Julian took vici over to Josh's house
for a little bit they're hanging out
there moving some furniture and stuff I
got some stuff to do and I'll probably
see you in a little bit because I'm like
a little bit bring a date Greiner was
just a stir business your sister know
you don't miss her cuz she's too much
all we need is each other he's not gay
if you're brothers it's terrible I'm
sorry for saying that you can
unsubscribe below just hit it super hard
and it'll unsubscribe
I just got humped ate it up consent to
it oh it's happening again
ah Friday night and I'm home and Loan
once and again mmm do some of this not
really the great glass to do this but I
mean once you start doing this why would
you ever stop can you drink it like that
though mm-hmm I've made a terrible
mistake it doesn't work I tried it no
you don't have to Julian and Collin went
out to actually a me andhis party
those of you that watch our podcasts you
know that me Andes is one of our first
sponsors on the podcast and they have
been very kind to us and they invited
Julian to Viennese party I was gonna go
but I think Julian and Collin needed
tonight to Bro out a little bit if you
know what it means so I never have a
problem with that because like I told
you in my blog yesterday nothing makes
me happier than to just be in this cozy
nest you know what I'm saying
it's - and I built it out of twigs and
rocks and stuff that I grabbed with my
tiny beak and I moved it all around and
smushed and again there was mud and
things I found in the ground and then a
minute next its Birds
I met him period instead of me just
hanging out here alone you can just cozy
up with me and have a night yeah this
way neither of us are alone I've already
said this one time I don't think we ever
even are actually truly alone ever as it
is because I think that ghosts are real
but if you're like into agent aliens and
stuff like aliens and the Watchers and
like people watching you are you ever
truly alone I say no like think about
how much we change in your life if you
just decided that someone somewhere in
some universe and something was always
watching you I mean people might do
things differently if they just always
imagined that someone was watching mmm
this concludes my only thought for the
night might play a couple games of heart
buff you know some people up in
Heart Walk for a little bit and then
like if I'm home alone on a weekend
night I might just have some wine and
like watch something really up
I've seen every episode of ancient
aliens can't go down that road well
though there's a show called UFO
Watchers that I would watch I really
like like murder shows which scares me
sometimes I'm like is this murder porn
like why do I like this is there
something wrong with me it's just really
entertaining like
one Keith Morrison is my dad not really
like you don't you don't have to look
into that at all he's not really my dad
but he's my dad what do you say we just
kick it and have a Friday evening
together if I'm like getting a little
sleepy it's not late so I don't want to
like let myself get tired so here we go
walking around this is how you get all
of your not tired going you gotta just
move it or lose it you know what I'm
saying if I drop this class boy I'm
gonna be pissed because I don't want to
vacuum it make sure you are calendar
that we got look at this family's coming
then literally out of breath from
walking like that Sunday we're gonna
have someone come clean the house like a
cleaning company it is a big house and
we try our best to clean but like I
don't want to scrub the bathrooms you
know what I mean like I just want
someone to come in and like mop the
floors and like scrub the bathroom stuff
so that I don't have to do that because
we aren't going to podcast a bunch this
weekend my family's coming on Monday so
we have limited time we gotta get to
like some stuff out of the way so we are
working like through the weekend it'll
be really really helpful to just have
somebody come and like clean the
bathrooms for you before you have
company come you know what I'm saying I
gotta get them like groceries and stuff
like my niece's like little she needs
that little girl food so God gets up
ready and like Julian said on his
channel our couch isn't coming until
January which sucks appropriate amount
of time waiting for a couch
five months sounds perfect Simon
it'll be fun to have it in January but
it would have been really nice to have
it when everybody was here but it
you know come here come join us I don't
know what you want can you tell me what
you want you want to come up here what
do you want are you hungry are you
thirsty
you wanna go outside what is it what do
you want I tell you what marple did last
night he woke up in the middle of the
night and it was raining here last night
usually he'll just go out like you have
a little balcony off the bedroom where
the dogs can go to the bathroom it was
all wet out there cuz it rain tomorrow
refused to go out there and then started
running towards the door to go
downstairs cuz he wanted me to take him
all the way downstairs to go teetee in
the yard in the middle of the night and
then all of them got up because Marvel
got up they follow you everywhere you
know that right you're their dad and
then he tried to cop out of going
outside to the bathroom out
yard you like tried to sneak back in the
house without going like I can't see him
boy how's your Friday night good this
was a bottle of wine that was left over
and so this is the last of it and I
almost made a grave error by putting
another bottle of wine in the fridge I
almost didn't do it I've worn it any
more than this amount of wine I'm just
gonna have to drink warm morning and
that's gross unless it's rent ooh but
have you ever had cold red wine it's
like kind of low-key good though you see
what I did to my eye so what happens
when you watch one zoella tutorial I
don't think it looks quite the same on
me but I tried girl I like zoella she
cute hot dog my father
Keith Morrison a week on New York oh
wait let me get this right is a we go
New York different than Oswego New York
how many oh we goes do we need here
Oswego oh we go New York girls no one on
Twitter was like my aesthetics Keith
Morris and saying but say but Keaton say
but say buck would say Bobby was a
little but she's not gonna say but where
do you buy most you juror Ally from who
got very yeah dad ads on TV I would ask
him do you die your soul patch or do you
have somebody else do it for you or is
that just naturally what your soul
Patrick how do you know he doesn't have
long blonde hair that he died down one
time just this if you actually study the
show my favorite part is when you when
they zoom in on his fingers girl Massey
yeah
kind of so like when he does this he's
getting all the flavor guys an unsavory
guys got it usually gets almost
betrayers good morning but my veterans
I'm gonna get ready to be in the face
and going do you wanna hang out okay I
told you guys I would show you what I
got I'm not support package from forever
ago I gotta get ready because Christina
and Elijah are coming over today we
would shoot the podcast it's going to go
up on Monday it's Saturday and I'm
living my life first thing I got my
burrito jar that the nutritive cleanser
well I did it I clocked up being at this
one it's the neuropeptide facial
cleanser from Paraguay MD and you know
what what a happy accident because this
moves even better it's not like a gel
it's like a lotion and it takes your
 makeup off place oh boy you
don't up in the best way possible
girl so I'm gonna wash my face with this
but look at this it's like a creamy no
milk bath for your face I'm gonna do
this and shut off my camera so that I
don't ruin my camera yeah be no
priscilla exfoliating purifying I still
didn't get any contacts at the store
because I done forgot tight this is one
of the things that I got from Sephora
today along with the cleanser I got the
skin perfecting serum and I was like
well I better try that I like it
I didn't have a serum I felt like I was
putting on a couple of layers of
moisturizer because my skin was getting
dry because I'm dry and that sort of
solved the problem my tan settled into
my neck I couldn't go angry eye cream
you cream we all cream variety cream
it's I'm so wrong this is what I
was like layering on my face forehead of
serums of deep deep moisture it was like
seaweed when I first bought some of
these products I bought them like in one
of the packages together and this was in
there this is the photo plasma
broad-spectrum SPF 30 which girl I need
because I get torched by the Sun if I go
outside which is a big if but it's like
a shimmery sort of like a scream
sunscreen it
does have this like shimmery stuff in it
but I do like it does contribute to me
looking red as in the face I don't
know if I would buy it again but I do I
mean I like it I'm need it but I like it
just like everything that I have I don't
need it but I want now I'm gonna start
putting on some makeup and this right
here is how all the Perricone
started happening because I was watching
me a jaclyn hill video and jaclyn hill
consult me a poopy flavored
lollipop choose what it was on her face
and I was like that it's beautiful look
really really sure it's a no foundation
foundation it's like really really light
so it looks good if your skin's like
clear and not problematic like
I'm gonna see how far that gets me and
then you put on a little more makeup
because I don't think today is that day
where I can get away with that I'm just
gonna do a little primer I never used to
put primer on with a Beauty Blender and
then I saw doing free start do it and
always like I'm addicted to the Internet
throw my Beauty Blender gotta buy some
concealer right here like that's pretty
cute it's pretty nice put on a little
concealer wherever it's really light and
nice but and then I'm gonna put on a
little more makeup today so I'm gonna
show you what I got it's so full I got
these cover effects drops because people
were raving about them online and I am a
sucker for when people say things are
cool just so bad man it'll see somebody
be like I love this and I'm like I'm
gonna love that too I didn't go into the
store and try this on I via Sephora calm
was just scrolling over those little
boxes desperately trying to figure out
which color was closest to my skin tone
which isn't the most accurate way to do
things but hey it is what it is when you
don't want to go to the mall this one's
pretty close I bet there's one or if I
blended it with another one that there's
one probably closer but what I like
about it is that these are just like
concentrated foundation drops and then
you mix them with something else so you
can mix it with a moisturizer or like a
serum or something it's kind of like a
fun size six
and you can make it whatever you want so
I'm going to take some mic serum and mix
it with that and you make it like a
different consistency which is Pharma's
buck like look at that look what I'm
doing look how fun that is like
finger-painting every day I will say
that what I figured out is that I don't
particularly like this when it's applied
with makeup brush because I feel like
you can see like your brush strokes
limit maybe it's what I'm mixing it with
but because it is like it can be
relatively opaque you can end up seeing
these like brushstrokes in there which
looks gross but I like it with the
Beauty Blender it's pretty nice and then
I got my cover effects drops and these
glowing glowing glowing drops and then I
got three eyeliners these are all the
same just in different colors but I got
like a grey a black in the brown and
they're just like pencils Makeup Forever
aqua yes it was a haul i man this
ain't cheap Sephora ain't cheap
but I can't figure out if I like this
yet but every time I go to like mix it
with something and put it on top of this
foundation it like moves away the makeup
and you can see my skin I don't like
 is this
maybe I'm mixing it with something wrong
like let's try an experiment let's try
to mix it with a little bit of face
cream couple drops of that like I like
it the color is very pretty
no let's see I mean that's a little
better I do such like chilling out a
little it's pretty maybe I lied maybe I
do like that that's kind of pretty I'm
going to use some Mac mineralized
skinfinish and you've set some of this
foundation a little bit I'm going to do
my eyebrows I'm going to use a mixture
of some brow Wiz and medium brown and
like this dark dark one but the outside
hopefully I'm a grouch on the same page
today and they're not going to be little
 shits I've been like sort of
shading this part but not have it like
maybe a week or more so that's why they
look a little bunk I could shave them
today but oh really yeah here we go one
of my favorite eyebrow tricks
ever was watching a nikkietutorials
video and like before you start carving
out your eyebrows if you do that but
like after you color them in you like
take your Beauty Blender or brush and
just go like that like right where your
inner part is and
just makes it such a nice little not
dramatic part you know I'm going to try
this with the gray but this is one of my
favorite ways to do like a really lazy
daytime eye we're gonna line it and then
smudge all around and then see how that
looks like that all of a sudden I'm like
a live dog I like this gray this looks
nicer than like a black like this got
sponged out a little so I put some more
in here and then mascara and it like
somehow looks okay so sorry because my
camera is dying and showed you all
happening so my job my eyes put some
mascara on there I literally took my
blending brush from yesterday and put
like whatever was on there just my crazy
touch a little bit of bronzer ups more
chapstick and then I put my hair back up
into the pineapple thing and then I went
like this all around it so that some of
this hair comes out you know oh yeah
it's like a little look like today I
like wearing fake lashes a lot so it's
nice to have something that doesn't
require me to wear fake lashes 24/7 that
like smudgy eyeliner thing like makes me
look like I have eyes again because I'm
like light eyes like skin like hair
light everything in there woah all right
we're going to go do the podcast and
cookie your lodging is here I am
probably gonna sign up for today so
happy blog I'll see you tomorrow
make sure you live life with a pilot one
yet okay but foodie flavor is
