Oh fancy meeting you here
happy vlogmas day ten welcome to our
messy office which is currently in a
state of mess that's okay it so worried
for another time because right now I got
to sit down and write my Sirius XM radio
shell YouTube 15 I want to show you what
the process is how it works cuz it's
pretty cool oh-oh that ended quickly now
one of the only shows of its kind
because we take whatever music is
trending on YouTube and then we make it
into a radio show basically what happens
before we get to this point is YouTube
sends a big long list of all of the
trending music according to YouTube to
my keep it who is like my boss and who I
work with at Sirius XM and then of that
list my key whittles it down to 15 and
decides which ones are continuing to
trend which ones are like breaking
through so this list it's usually sort
of like half and half the top one the
one that I like talked about leading
into will usually be like an emerging
song or a new song and then the second
one will be probably something that's
been trending for a little while so we
keep playing them I think the goal of
the show is Sirius XM was to try and
like really let these songs sink in for
a couple weeks not of just being like oh
well this one's writing now that's why
we wanted to make it a little less of
like an ad D show rotate in new and
emerging music which is really cool
especially since like often times
youtubers that make music like if it's
trending play it on the radio which is
 rad there's no barrier to entry
if your song is trending will
play it like we've played weird Hanukkah
and Christmas covers we played
Thanksgiving songs we played mashups
people that do really cool acoustic
covers of popular songs will play them
which is why it's such a cool show so I
get an email describing the songs and
then sometimes it might change before
the end of the afternoon but so far this
looks like it's the finalists I'll show
you right now I'm not trying to like
show too much of my email Harris I don't
want it to get weird this is how the
show is like structured these are like
my speaking things I'll open the show
I'll lead into this song then there is
no break in between these they'll go
right into this Wow are you okay I'll
talk again here so they'll talk about
this video so if it goes on and
until the end of the show so the first
thing I'll usually do is watch all of
the music videos and read the comments
and check the view count
I like in my show sometimes I'll just
read funny comments because they're
hysterical other times I'll talk about
maybe with the the artist is doing or
who they are or something interesting
about them it is difficult when I'm in a
scenario and I don't have internet
because like I could download the music
video and watch it but a lot of like
what makes my show is just like creepy
stalker internet I'm going to get
going and watch these and then just go
down a Google Hull and stalk all
of these people and in the nicest way
possible and then write somebody to kill
those things about them alright just
finish writing my show out I'll show you
what it looks like I just create like a
a notebook word document and write out
all the things that wants that and then
I copy and paste the whole thing and you
mail it up to Julian's workstation
because that is the microphone that does
not poop out on us and then we go Skype
with Mikey from Julian SEC so we're
gonna go there now
ah if you're in the wrong finally I got
the boy yeah this is my keep it we see
each other every weekly Skype every rig
every Thursday the YouTube 59 hits one
playing the top training emerging songs
from YouTube kicking off our show is a
song trending since summer top comment
currently reads it's dropped harder than
my grades oh my god hey it's cool
friends so yeah that's how my radio show
goes and it's really fun and I do it
every week that it airs on Fridays in
the afternoon but that's what I do every
Thursday cool stop I think that we are
probably going to podcasts and I we have
been getting in the habit of getting it
done like before Friday you know since
I'm already writing and recording then
we just go in the podcast room and
record the podcast I love when you guys
do this they do this like cute little
stretching thing oh I love you you know
you play and get me don't get me why are
you crying this is like Kermit 24/7 cry
look around
I not really know why you're crying cry
what yeah to where okay yeah sit on the
floor
I'm not floor sitting so anywhere well
you're sad you guys never gonna know my
tattoo means I know you're looking yeah
they were
I didn't realize people didn't know you
had attentive I've shown it I just never
talked about oh you don't get the loan
of man's I'm not a man John dollars
million and it's not what I met Jennings
two years before that yeah guys guys
chill I promise you that Julian I love
each other but neither of us are getting
matching tattoos or tattoos for each
other for the foreseeable future it's
just not smart I'm pretty sure she means
literally never literally never it's not
for me Wow got bang it in your trunk
slash seats Julian Wow my sole goals
podcasted we talked about Ronda Rousey
and Holly Holm fight so it was a good
one those good podcasts
how you doing Queen I snuck marble into
the podcast room and he said I'm I left
this whole time
yes no oh wait la lady
let's see your progress on the toy that
you stole you took all the stuffing out
I'm proud of you question one how's
mommy's little lab trapped in a tiny
lady's body that's what you will hello
there oh I can't get so sweet fun okay
it's getting weird though guys love that
sound huh ah you decided to buy a
package soon oh oh girl teaching girl
you know for everything naughty that you
do you really are such a good girl
waiting by the door and saying hi
man huh mommy so proud of you used to
just run outside and now you wait at the
door next to that you're such a good
listener with the mail Vince it's not
mal dance it's not the mail dance okay
it's the MA il L dance
it's a gender-neutral dance don't get
offended all day we got into bed when we
were downstairs we started watching
season 12 of survival right right season
12 I've seen just about almost every
single season of Survivor obviously when
I was a kid I was a huge fan of Survivor
like right when it came out and then I
feel like I watched it for a long time
and then fell off in the middle there
like when I was in school and stuff is I
literally couldn't watch it I feel I
could watch almost every single season
but I don't I don't recall watching
season 12 well I think I know who wins I
really like watching Survivor and old
seasons of Survivor it got to the point
one time where I was following like
every single person that's ever been on
Survivor on Twitter and there's a thread
a year or two ago that was like pretty
sure Jenna is gonna go on Survivor
because it's typical of people that go
on Survivor to follow all the cast
members and I realized that that was the
first time that I've been severely
called out for just stalking people yeah
like uh no not at all no I nope no I'm
not but um thank you for pointing out
what a stock right right like I
couldn't believe I'm like oh my god I
thought no one would like notice well it
was pretty nice I think he's been having
such a mommy day today sometimes he has
noisy days where he just barks non-stop
and other days he just has mommy days
like he hasn't made a sound all today he
absolutely
has different types of days today's been
a mom when he has mommy days those are
my favorite because he literally just
wants to be glued to me the whole time
and refuses to do anything that's it
with me I love mommy days that's kind of
loud but guys I mean water babe what is
on your nice head
it's a Hydra flask I bought it for you
you think they don't magically fill off
I want to leave you why it's cold in
color will you feed me the water I'm
gonna if you do the water making it
making airplane why are you doing this
when do you enjoy that yes I'm more
well doesn't like they're having a mommy
day and you're ruining a farm just like
doing so and don't make a employment
listening you go bro port we're gonna go
to bed I'm gonna have to vlog for you
and then I'll see you guys tomorrow
Wow Clifton the logger he's staring in
in the middle of nowhere I mean that
right now but at you just directly at
you Oh finally say good night bye-bye oh
very cute yes he hates you
