dogs were just barking like crazy and I
saw running through the backyard little
kitty there's a little crawl space that
goes under the house and I've seen like
rats and sufferin and - but the kid he
just went into the hole always wondered
why it propped open thought maybe just
the rats were doing it getting in and
out of there or looking like ruin or
something Biden but Kitty would be and
they probably under there catching mice
and rats this up for you go kitty that
goes left under the house I just saw him
book as well now I wish she'd come out
probably scaring him by being here and
there's a squirrel tweaking on that tree
it's the one that makes the dogs go
crazy he's always up in there getting
the berries - my dogs flip out and he
 hate him okay but you hate
berries the dogs are inside like look at
that he is their nemesis he
knows they can't get him either so you
just like jumps all around like he just
gives no like what are you even
collecting berries for so I'll get the
hibernate there's no winter here bro
I've been weaned here for a little bit I
don't think the Katie's gonna come out
James guy scared and skittish probably
doesn't want to come out
zucchini if you would like a home you
can totally live under the house but I
just rent this house not my house you
can live under there will not I say you
can live under there but also if you
want to be my kitty could you stay I'll
they carry you and love you I don't care
what Julian says I'll take care you and
love you I want to keep you so bad I've
never seen a cat in this backyard so we
have things like chicken wire it off so
the dogs can't get through I don't know
how you got back here but you can be my
kitty it's more bitter than it does in
it Jason is now a desk
I called coffee and a mouse I'm a very
good desk actually and then gabs is yun
here i have my video all written out I
gotta get my makeup NER did I'm gonna
shoot it usually there's like no one
here ever on a Wednesday because I'm too
like out of my mind trying to figure out
what I'm gonna do
but Jason you have to like family and
there hang out Julian and I'm just gonna
go lock myself in a room and record a
video today anyways it doesn't require
like the whole house so they are not
invasive presence to me so yeah I'm just
gonna get ready and then we're gonna
shoot it today I am shooting like a very
old-fashioned to just look rant um from
people that are bothering me it gets
requested all the time people are like
Jenna do a grant do rant like be
angry
 shown people and I'm never
really that angry but because people
request it so often I did start a list a
while ago which I just flashed out
finally to become a fullest I think I'm
gonna call it people that are ruining my
life because I did a video called things
that are ruining my life but also pipe
the down parts 1 & 2 I just don't
want to call anything else piped buck
down and have to say pipe the down
because it's not always applicable see
you in a little bit so I'm mill getting
ready for my video I just gotta finish
my hair and like some of my makeup that
I messed up I'm gonna do something very
unlike myself right now and talk about
an email that I just received while I
was doing my makeup I never ever talk
about something on any social media
unless it was like happening I already
do
that's happening but I'm gonna make an
exception because this in like by no
means in a million years would ever
happen
I don't know how exposed you guys have
been to like youtubers and miners and
stuff like going to the White House
meeting the president and I'm gonna get
on my soapbox for one second right just
one to skip through if you don't want to
hear it I have been invited to do those
things in the past and my soapbox story
thing here is that I just feel a little
morally opposed to it um first of all
it's always very last-minute it's like
hey come tomorrow to watch an NBC and
you're like look I don't even know if
that's possible second of all I like my
entertainment and my politics separate
unless it's entertaining politics or you
know some Jon Stewart or like that
it's difficult for me to stomach the
idea as someone who you know posts
online videos to go and be like yeah
this is totally cool and normal I'm just
gonna go hang out at the White
House and then talk about health care
and you know they don't they don't want
you to go there that I would love an
opportunity just to meet you know the
President or anybody like that to shake
their hand that's not what they want
they don't want to meet me they want to
meet all of your brains and eyes which
is why I'm a little bit opposed to it I
don't I'm not sure I think that it's
right that you know youtubers and miners
and people with young followings have
you know just have the go and hang out
in the world of politics is just it I
don't know not everyone feels that way
now they veryone should feel that way
I've been very proud as much of the
YouTube community has to see my friends
go and do those things and good for you
guys it's just not something that I want
to sit with I just decided that it
didn't seem right to me didn't feel
right if I ever had an opportunity just
to go and meet somebody I'd be more than
willing to do that but it's they don't
they don't want to meet me they want to
you know get access to the eyes and ears
it's about influence and that's our
thing which I don't I don't want to sit
with I don't I just don't think it's
right so I've always against my better
judgment I'm like I can't a lot of times
I just really couldn't go they like come
tomorrow I have turned some of those
opportunities down because
it just doesn't feel right to me but I
don't even know if I'm allowed to be
talking about those probably not that I
got an email that there is a panel for
Hillary Clinton and it is not a
political thing she wants it to be like
a personal panel they said some of the
other participants in the panel are
young women I don't know who the other
participants in the panel are going to
be although they invited someone like me
I have to imagine it's gonna be you know
it's gonna get live in there first of
all I don't even know if I could go
second of all y'all are drunk
for inviting me
third of all I emailed back and was like
could I go as Hillary Clinton because
this might be the one and only time
where I would say yes to something in
the world of politics because I wouldn't
show up as myself and I would control
the person as the person I just about
peed my pants thinking about it and
thinking about the questions that I
could ask myself hi senator self
remember that time we went to Cedar
Rapids and we were just chillin remind
us how it was hey I don't know if it's
even logistically possible for me to go
but be the probably the most hashtag
unrelatable story of all time and trust
me I'm just as confused as you are but
it might be the one and only time that I
would say yes to go and do something
like that if I could just troll in case
any of you were wondering how deep might
my trolling goes it goes there it goes
all the way there it's just never gonna
happen I can't imagine that anyone in
the right mind would be like
yeah sure that sounds great know what
sounds terrible and my impression of her
is awful and just based on me
making laughing noises and like not even
a good impression it took me a second
while I was doing the makeup to be like
yes for real yes kidding
I just think that that would be like the
funniest thing ever
hi Hillary Clinton it's me Hillary
Clinton yeah I just wanted to know
remind me with Oprah Winfrey smells like
every day when we wake up what do we
think about I'll probably have to cut
this out of the vlog charlie just gonna
get ripped off the internet not just
whatever it is it
I just wanted to tell you that
because you know really normal
things happening over here alright but
alright we're gonna get ready to shoot
in a second we're gonna have me in the
the podcast room this time right go
that's right with the beautiful 50 oh we
have a light sitting on top of our
Halloween custom perfection
gabs was sitting living I'm just hanging
look what she's doing I have that oh you
guys super kids look at her
nice Alami now she showing I'm so happy
good penis vagina hey what are you doing
would be big she had her head in my
pocket earlier
oh excuse you Kermit
are you even gonna listen to me Kermit
you're not you're not listening what you
think cuz you're on painkillers and
stuff you used to just chew on papers
not he supposed to be a good example for
your sister you naughty late my videos
up so I'm going to finish this ball can
walk I put it together for you so I can
upload it and then go nappy naps sleepy
sleep depending on what you call your
bedtime one of those am i right yeah my
videos done and tomorrow I'm going to
wake up and write my radio show and
record it hopefully tomorrow I'll be
able to show you like how I do my radio
show just in case you're ever curious a
lot of people think that I'm like in a
studio at Sirius or something I'm not we
do it from my house and we do it over
Skype wait Carmen coming car we do that
so in case a member travelingirl we can
do it from the road and it works really
well because they're in New York
well yeah I'm gonna get in bed I won't
go upstairs and bother doing it's Carly
and I don't want to be a jerk so should
we look why don't you just go poke
around what or something all right
Obul loves bed more than I've ever seen
a table bed was one go bed you're in bed
where do you think you are you're in bed
we'll go sleep take all this
makeup off I'm gonna sleep but probably
a little bed criminal hold back he's
gonna start crying if I don't put him
under the covers new one sometimes you
won't even like sit with trillion like
you notice how they came upstairs with
me when I'm downstairs like working or
editing they refuse to even come up here
like they have to sit by me the entire
time which is very sweet sometimes I'm
like guys just go to bed go to bed
it never gets old asking real questions
happy vlogmas how's you guys tomorrow
go say bye okay you know
all right you need me to get in bed oh
yeah can I guess simmer
