oh hello beer happy vlog yes day eight
even though my vlog 47 just went up Jana
you're doing the Sarah Palin thing and
it's totally enough that sorry that
yesterday's vlog was so late I was
editing on my laptop because I was like
oh I want to edit around the house and
not just be confined to my office my
laptop is getting very old at this point
and my final cut was just like you
dude like I don't know if any of you
guys ever use final cut sometimes it's
just like you and it took all of my
clips that I had imported and was like
no you didn't you it got
bad enough to the point where it did
have to like recut it together so that
was stupid I also got a package
in the mail from YouTube from like these
sweatshirts although I saw a bunch of
other people post theirs I got a
different one than everyone else but I
am not complaining this is the joy is
real did Jack switch a couple things
about today I had very boring things to
do that are not vlog worthy because they
require like no talking and doing things
they're just like in here on here on my
computer like all over the place so
sorry not very exciting things my
glasses are super broken and my fake tan
is getting to that point where it looks
like I have like a dirty beard and or
mustache so I should probably fix that
situation cuz it's starting to look
SuperDuper hot you know I'm
saying but I would like to just show you
if ever you feel like your life is
getting to be a little bit of a mess let
me just show you my glasses so that you
can feel better
vici chewed on the little things that go
behind your ears and she also chewed my
lens out so they had like these clear
bottoms so this is like fishing line
almost that goes under the bottom so
there's no bottom rim but peachy managed
to get it out a long time ago so I hot
glued it back together except the hot
glue is now worn off so now it's just
like if I put them on a little too
violently just falls out
I really love like when Julian or people
on the air they're like get new
glasses you mess first of all yes
I am a mess but second of all you know
when you're like to do list of life
things is like 70 pages long and if you
wanted to just do one of them then you'd
have to do like 70 other things
so that's why I'm like it it can
totally wait because I can see out of
them just you know sometimes when I'm
taking them on and off the lens just
falls out and then because I can't see
because I don't have one of my lenses
then I can't find my lens on the ground
and so then I like take my hand and I
feel around on the ground for a while
and I can't find it and then so I take
my glasses off and they're like pokes me
in the face and I try and put them back
on or I like squint close one eye and
like look for it on the ground I can't
find it any all here it is I found it
okay now let me just take it and pop it
back into the frame there so that I can
say okay this is better you know when
you're life's like that that's what's
happening right now so right now Julian
is hanging out with Joshua Evans they're
hanging out having a drink so I'm home
alone oh okay we all loved oh we loved
our hangout well you guys want to do I
made it to nighttime without putting my
contacts in today which is the feat in
and of itself good not to wear contacts
every day give your eyes some oxygen man
I think I'm gonna make some food and
 kick it see how weird it gets
nice tan beard mustache Shannon thank
you whenever Julian's not here and I'm
eating dinner alone I make myself
something that like a college student
would make for themselves at least I
have company hello on the menu tonight
for Jenna's solo kitchen I'm gonna have
an everything bagel with some vegan
cream cheese is then there right now and
because no night would be complete
without some delicious soup I'm feeding
myself like a child tonight with me
 with me that's where I pull my cat
bus mmm
barley glut the curse of Oak Island is
on I've never seen it and everyone keeps
telling me to watch it after that
podcast so I'm really I'm high right now
to eat that mama I had to take my
sweatshirt off because I'm like I'm into
this I'm feeling it I just have to point
out that the guy that does his voiceover
for the show is the same guy that does
ancient aliens so I'm already like
feeling it so hard could it be all in
pablor new to secretly Oak Island
mystery a secret they ultimately took
to their grades oh yeah you weren't even
gone that little - oh don't worry
Kermit is not hurt he likes to make that
noise every time Julian comes up why
wouldn't it be for you cuz it says it
gave you an envelope to send it to
someone says send this to someone you
love
should I just mail it to the house they
didn't send it for me he put it on who
wants an update on Kermes tale no a few
days later it's definitely still swollen
but he's definitely doing good and he's
doing better he's not and he still has
not in any pain although like the day
after he broke it him and peachy were
playing my living room like so
violently and like you guys this is how
people break their tail he's totally
himself he's totally happy he's really
normal I was hoping maybe it would heal
not like that big swollen bump so maybe
that's not swelling maybe that's like
the soft tissue around it is irritated
so he might have a bump there instead of
a little kink which I'm okay with it
looks like a special little exciting
tale but you play your sweater on
oh look cute together like oh my son
Christmas funny he's funny my Julie bear
got me an early Christmas present even
though we said every single year I tell
Julian let's do no presents let's get
ourselves like a collective mutual
present and I really want a new couch
which we should still do but you're
ruining it well not your editing on your
laptop like an N when you needed an
external drive so I got you up this is
what Julian got me it's such a very very
very thoughtful gift because my laptop
is like five or six years old at this
point so it's a little slow he got me a
terabyte and very very helpful such a
wonderful
thank you y'all just do not know I was
dead cuz you need it no but I woke up
this morning and it's Wednesday and it's
always stressful for me and he's already
gotten me a new drive so and awesome
sorry it's Wednesday this morning but
like I'm still gonna make this day 8 and
then I'll make day 9 today again but my
laptop pooped and made it so
that I was a day late I'm a day behind
so now thanks to my ox did you tell me
the whole video so thanks to my odds
present now hopefully I can catch up but
the reason why it took me so long to
re-edit that was those shots of us
sitting on the couch but I just recorded
that really good mood no like half an
hour we just watched the YouTube rewind
which is always really cool and I'm
always completely honored and excited to
even be asked to be in it but this year
like there are people on Twitter and
like all kinds of things people are very
upset like some people are mad because
they think that they should have certain
parts or like certain things well they
prepared and we're off yeah like well
yep that in particular like Matthew
Santoro I guess had tweeted out that he
had memorized this whole thing they
asked him to memorize that whole Shia
LaBeouf do it and then he does that he
doesn't say one thing during it he's
just in the top like left corner a bill
for a millisecond but he's doing the
right thing he's like I'm gonna stay off
Twitter cuz I'm not gonna say it again
like I think people are just frustrated
because in the production of it
everyone's told something different
right at the end they just kind of do
whatever they want yeah it is a lot of
your time so like for example this year
it took us you know a day to go out to
that location and shoot that one sunset
shot of them hugging me and like camera
Dallas was Entertainer of the Year at
the streamys and he's got a shot hugging
a 30 year old crazy dog lady so I do
think it is worth noting that anybody
that's part of the YouTube red thing is
pretty forefront in it YouTube we get it
man you want our money I honestly I
don't have a bad thing to say about
YouTube red because I have it on my
phone and it's actually pretty cool I
use it for my show the downloading
videos so that I could watch them on the
line
without Wi-Fi I think it's up to
everybody if they want to attach
something that you want but I mean for
someone that watches YouTube videos
non-stop like me I've found it kind of
helpful
and YouTube music I have to say I'm a
huge fan of YouTube music
because you guys know when we hang out
here on the weekends we literally just
park our butts in the living room and
play music videos and watch them and we
now have the ability to just push play
and then not have to worry about it
which is amazing
I also saw like I'm a huge fan of more
OG youtubers and they're less and less
prevalent in rewinds these years like i
Philip DeFranco I watch his videos I'll
just you know binge watch a few of them
to catch up on the week but it feels
like I watch him almost every single day
for years because I really I like enjoy
him I love what he makes
I love his opinions and I watch him for
his opinions you know I'm not watching
him as my source of news which I think
some people do but I genuinely enjoy
what he has to say and he had tweeted
that he's never been asked to be and the
rewind which like hurts my heart really
bad just seeing was in there which I
like applauded and screamed and yelled
because I fangirl over her she's the
reason I started YouTube so it's nice to
see someone like her and rhettandlink
have the most adorable shot ever and I'm
a fan of Tyler Oakley and Smosh and
markiplier has got a great shot in there
I think this year was good it's
beautiful
GG looks beautiful although mamrie Hart
was in there for like if you blink
you'll miss her which hurt my heart
little I think this year was good you
know with all those people and with all
the organization and everything that
goes into is very difficult to make
those the director his name is Kai I'm
getting him confused with Tai Lopez not
Tai Lopez his name is Kai he's
wonderful like working with him is so
fun like as soon as you get on set he's
literally just has the biggest smile on
his face and is ready to have fun so I
would never talk badly about the people
that actually execute the video
sometimes the planning is a little
confusing and it does take a whole day
of your time so I understand why some of
these people are like oh I wish it was
different or you know
but with an entire community of people I
think they really do the best that they
can every year and they get the point
across it's fun and festive and
reminiscent of what happened over the
year so it was cool and she had Jesse's
 dance number girl girl girl it
was adorable I guess that that little
girl in there is the one that actually
made the whip and the Naenae she had
recorded a little video of herself doing
it silentó Evo a big portion of here
your current career - that little baby
girl so it was nice to see her in there
- very festive to be sitting in my
youtube sweatshirt watching the YouTube
rewind for me personally I'm just
excited every year that they asked me to
even be in it Cameron Dallas was
nice and I haven't seen
raywilliamjohnson for a couple years so
just good to see him can't quite make
out who you are but it is Caitlyn Jenner
I appreciated that James Corden was in
it because he did that YouTube show that
I've got to be a part of again like
 I'm excited that I get to do
anything at this point
you know the streamys they were like oh
thank you for coming and I'm like dude
thanks for inviting you not only
invited me you nominated me for an award
that might have been an appropriate
award maybe like three years ago so I
feel like excited and honored that I
still get to be a part of this cool
thing that's happening because sometimes
I feel very uncool and very old for all
of you young ladies out there that want
to know what it's like to be hugged by
Cameron Dallas everything you could hope
for he said he put his arms around me in
the shape of a hug and it felt like a--
like a warm caring hug isn't nice young
man I sound like a woman in a pattern
sweatshirt he's a nice young happy
vlogmas day eight did you show them my
foot that's my foot oh thanks for
sharing
I will now just make this vlogmas day
nine because now I have a drive and I
can make it without it crashing and
being ridiculous and you're really
really sweet Jillian thank you so much
we said no Christmas presents that I
want to get a collective couch for each
other for Christmas because I don't know
if I talked about this I feel you did
but now that peachy is older she's
destroying the furniture less like that
couch I got a couple years ago but it
like separates you know the the metal
part that holds it together it's
yeah it doesn't say together anymore I
feel like those things break so often
like the Craigslist couch that we have
in the media room right here that metal
thing is broken just couches that have
that attachment that it never works it
always breaks and you're always having
to put it back together so peih-gee
would take all the stuffing out of the
back cushions and there you can move
them around you really wrecked those and
then Kermit sits on top of them non-stop
like a cat so they're very flat and very
depleted of stuffing which would be an
easy fix
if the couch wasn't like physically
breaking all the time and the rug in
there like doesn't have a lining under
it so it just slips around so then the
couch slips around it's just sort of a
domino effect but I think we want to get
like a bigger comfier couch because
that's a big room so I feel like we can
fit something really comfy and exciting
in there and also we could pay it
forward and sell it for kind of cheap on
Craigslist and make somebody's day to
have a a nice big discounted couch in
okay shape we'll see what we do but you
already got me a present on you already
broke the rule that helps you board with
something really impressive I know we
can all thank Julian for getting me that
present because it does help me with
fragments all right I got to get my
together this morning and get my video
going and I'll have another vlog up
hopefully later for you since I'm a
little I'm a little bit behind over here
but I'll show you some behind the scenes
of what we're doing for the video I'll
see you later
happy vlogmas I hope you having a good
day hope you like the YouTube rewind
excuse me a lot of times in the comments
people ask where's the Julian store
where I can buy a Julian did Amazon
Prime because I think they saw over if
you're looking to buy yourself a Julian
don't worry they do exist okay you just
got to look for them and you got to be
patient and you gotta wait for them so
that you can find a Julian that does
really sweet off I love you a little
gross blog okay while I'm saying really
nice things about Julian this is what
he's doing don't forget if you buy it
Julian at the Julian store you get all
the things that make a Julian a Julian
the Julian Oh Julian say bye I
