happy vlogmas joy sd-6 right I gotta
give the car me worm his medicine so
we've got some Milla Doxil then we're
gonna give them Mela Doxil and trim it
all alright here we go
Karma's getting some cream cheese flavor
Trevor okay you like was little angular
hopefully doesn't spit out cuz it's not
a solid thing he's so good you took it
that sort of thing is gonna be a little
harder they whenever they have to do
these like yeah they don't like it you
gotta like shoot it in you go up to 14
there's okay little vodka syringe is
just a little there's no needle it's
just it is a syringe but there's no
needle grimmy you should make it taste
like chicken I know you know my kid Oh
open your mouth oh you want it yeah I
think it helps it you're gonna hold his
side he's gonna go for it go for it go
boy good job yeah that was the hottest
it's give me some more cream cheese
camilo some cream cheese we'll wash it
down good boy oh that was easy
yeah I didn't expect him to take this on
my knees I'm very sorry I don't know if
any of you guys November or even watch
my channel but basically when I got
peach fixed I had to give her that same
thing and one morning when I was
shooting it in her mouth I shot into her
mouth and she spit out a tooth do you
remember that like it just okay like
pumped into my hand it was the funniest
thing
yeah Crimmins doing really good today he
is already like playing and like even
yesterday when we came home he's Charlie
himself he's not acting weird he's not
acting in pain but that should probably
make him very drowsy and drunky hunker
me gonna get on drugs
Jason Gav's are gonna come over today we
are gonna attempt to have a relaxed
Sunday maybe have some mimosas which we
like to do because we haven't really
like drink or had a time to kick back
all weekend so I think we're going to do
that today just have a little relaxed
fun day I think we're gonna treat this
guys like our day / night off right and
then tomorrow get it together and back
to business I'm really excited to have
like
relaxed day when was last how we saw
them over three weeks yeah it was before
Thanksgiving oh they had watched the
dogs when we went to Japan and they left
in the middle of our Japan trip oh yeah
it's been a really long time since I've
seen Jesus in the gap so we miss them a
lot so we're really excited to see them
Julian you guys shirt matches my hair
you sharp not just not hair oh sorry
composers okay okay we did a giveaway on
our podcast with canvas pop cuz they
said just these giant posters of me we
picked winners and we're gonna sign them
Wow oh this one's like behind glass how
do we sign that one so it was sound with
glass so what we're gonna take it out oh
yeah we shouldn't take it out that's
what you do start across okay in case
you guys couldn't tell when I had these
pictures taken I had a makeup artist
like someone else did my makeup which is
probably a bad idea cuz it doesn't
exactly look like how I do it look you
can tell big time you know just looks a
little not like Jenna II this too looks
good but whenever someone else does my
makeup like you can really tell when I
was like girl you supposed to bring my
eyebrows into here girl girl girl come
on geometry girl Jenny well you're right
thing I mean I was a little hesitant I'm
like who's gonna walk these first of all
cuz they're just giant pictures of me
but like that will be signed and like
this is pretty like a really cool gift I
guess I wrote I hope you like this giant
picture of me staring at you every day
JK love it same thing on this one the
purple one going to Katherine I held
Kermit up to that and that's like his
actual size this is a lookit this is
like Kermit's actual size Marvel is not
that big but Kermit for some reason like
it just won't up he's he is that actual
size hold them up to this one you can
see them just under here yeah that the
picture is a little bit bigger than
Kermit but it was so funny I'm like
cereth is actual size this is your dog
this is your dog on drugs
well good young tonight is actually the
first night of Hanukkah
gabs Jewish Julian is part Jewish your
mom's Jewish excuse are you Jewish I
date someone who's Jewish
ah so we're gonna let I'll see Julian
the menorah for the first night of
Hanukkah this is beautiful gasps you got
this image oh yeah it's dreidels you can
actually see oh and there's the prayer
and they're so cute Chanukah candles the
premium Harkov handle cuz when it comes
to Hanukkah don't skip pair of them the
not premium candle with that oh why not
oh I am officially disrespectful wait
don't you have to call your dad yeah I
do all right you ready
this word that word really got me I blew
that one time to celebrate friends and
family I'm getting it all oh I really
like your idea and it's drinketh I'm
part of a new religion it's called Shawn
Mendes
it's called stitches acoustic look at
how nothing gabs is doing what is
yes Gilliam all of us Java a cowboy
stuff ah is all fire
Julian you're nailing it you're nailing
it Julian
my favorite guy dancing - my favorite
band no big deal you know we don't want
no boys around here we don't know boys
around here hey we're on whatever all
right it's pretty late everyone has gone
twin sleep Bob gets such a good relaxing
like at home they ain't no friends and
so I've wanted to for a while knows I'm
very very heavy just really glad that we
had a nice chill relax family home Bay
nothing to do then just have fun and
nothing just nothing our faces up find
Julian second he's gonna piss at
me and I don't Conoco good night mama
just say good night oh my god I love you
kiss me good night
the next because that's where our asleep
next if any of you don't know why we
called each other others you should just
find one of Julian's old vlogs you hold
hands while we sleep not seek help so
you don't fall away from each other he
gave me this ring a long time ago we
first started dating
obviously there's tomorrow happiness
