well one morning have a long lunch where
I'd airport right now
we head home almost see the baby's
already got a hold on me I always get
the dogs a little airport present I
don't want to make sure this one counted
because it doesn't say Minnesota I
usually get one that has where we we're
on it seems really cute on my phone and
too bad they're gonna rip him up there
you have to share this I usually get two
oh listen you guys gotta share
geez whoa whoa come I want him to do it
he knows that there's a toy Kermit are
you looking for you to lead to be pretty
twirl yeah that one that's it it's a
good luck where is it peachy you're
making it difficult mommy loves you and
she's always thinking of you that's for
you
Iggy's this is why I should have gotten
200 she's stolen from you behead hmm but
you get it with me you good boy peachy
don't take it no let me have it for a
minute oh this is the aftermath of
coming home I got lit this time I can't
lit the up I got lit up sorry it'll
go away and it's worth it miss them so
much
ah there's no place like home there's no
place I con her no recycle only likes to
kiss your nose he said that if he ever
started a Craigslist personal page he
would be Emperor and men for noses it's
all right bud we're home the McGee's oh
thank you my bud this is who
wants to come to a mommy bitchy did you
come be my Creed pinky sweet oh we're
probably just gonna veg for a little bit
today try and recoup and feel normal
again
Hey oh she chewed an eye off this was a
Christmas present for my mom I don't
know oh it's in the bag of gifts at the
top of the stairs peach
this was not your Christmas present this
was further daddy machine
you stole sewing Christmas you're a
Grinch
you little Grinch is yours now you
already chewed his hockey off do so
nany she like that's what she does when
she has something that she's not
supposed to have she brings it directly
to you and drops it on you like how she
brings in my underwear and socks you're
such a sensitive guy hmm
you don't like when mommy leaves you are
you gonna bite your tails Kermit why are
you biting your tail what's on your tail
fun but hey hey hey Kermit oh my god
Julian Oh bud Oh buddy
Julian what Kermit what happened on I
just saw him biting his tail and it's
all like swollen honey is this okay Carl
this is hard buddy his tail is like
swollen hon see how swollen in US huh it
doesn't seem to hurt him like when I
touch it Oh ain't no I feel so bad he's
only campaign but he was just biting it
Oh body oh he was fighting it out in
spite of it
he's gotta be itchy oh if it was like
broken he could still be biting like
he's uncomfortable no I don't really
biting a road ago we should take him in
the vet
oh you just a sensitive guy you loved
him so
okay
if the worst part over okay you just got
the thermometer in you button it's
always you did it yeah your temperatures
okay
I was the party all night so don't worry
boy hey stop shivering cuz you know that
thermometer was common in you but no one
was taking you out to dinner first huh
but you don't even care I care more
little Douglas is broken yeah the doctor
said she thinks it's like a soft tissue
no warbling or fracture but look at it
it looks creamy looks so wrong but he's
not in any pain like it is just
bothering him wasn't anything he doesn't
care like he normally is such a baby
about painting I know like if you if
he's watching the movie babe he'll
scream but like if you fracture your
tail apparently curly my guys on pain of
me crying right now
okay you see that fracture good right
there on that view and then on this view
body well here it is thank you right
here hmm oh my god so that's definitely
a fracture yeah look at I almost hurt
just like burst out in tears that I
started crying because she came in and
showed us that he does have a little
fracture in his tail it's not to be say
my spider bite and she was like also we
can't really do that much for our
fracture except for give him like some
pain meds and like amputate it and
fracture just like what like that joke
Kitty's she's like yeah no I can't do
anything so like we can cut it off and I
was like what can we not cut it off she
was like yeah totally we don't have to
have it
like I was just like I was just lost my
mind I was like all this was like sort
of a very Kermit thing happening and
then it was like oh we're gonna cut off
his tail and I got very real but it's
she was like oh he just might have a
little kink
and both of the keys have little kinks
in their tails look genetic for them
anyways so his tail might just be a
little weird
the rest of his life they can't do
anything except give him some pain meds
for like a week and zip other than that
he's like not in a lot of pain he's okay
so it was good to be right okay I just
want my little guy okay back home
everything's good you've got a couple
different pain medication so we're gonna
start taking later tonight he's not in a
lot of pain when she was like oh we can
amputate it I thought that was like the
option I thought that's how you're doing
and she was like no it's only if you
wanted to I guess apparently some people
when their dogs like fracture their
little tail like that they want their
tails cut off with a school throw up I
can only imagine it's from being really
wild with Peachy sometimes like they
just play so hard and run around and
bump into things and have very delicate
little body parts you know well good
yawn we've been very fortunate with two
Italian Greyhounds that none of like
neither of them have ever broken a bone
or a leg or anything ever I think what's
so like hard about this is that we
weren't here when it happened and it's
yeah I don't know what happened I don't
know when it happened so it's like it's
a little bit frustrating to come home
from a trip and you're talked as a
broken tail and the vets like oh we can
amputate it oh but we're good
herm√®s good she just said he's gonna
have like a weird little kink in his
tail he already has one already yeah you
were born with it
oh is vici would you guys one-twos now
you gonna have two little kinks in
detail and I'm gonna love you twice as
much for okay I'm so glad that you're
okay at your home and your bed no we can
finally relax and hang out now that I
know that you're alright okay I'm so
sorry that I had to leave you go to stop
I wish I was here with you when you got
your boo-boo
how never amputate your tail
and this will bad for him pay for Carmen
pray for garment all right it's not much
later in the evening Carmen has had some
of his painkillers and he's feeling very
good he's snuggling with his brother
Omar we take a look Carrie brother what
was interesting was while we were at the
vet and like later on tonight we were
trying to figure out like what happened
because I'm sure if I need you to have
pets or kids or anything it is so like
sad and frustrating when someone or
something that you care about like
thinking it hurt and you weren't there
you don't know what happened and we
watched all of the footage like if you
go back and watch the beginning of the
vlog we didn't notice his tail
immediately and he's like Kermit so
sometimes when we come home from a trip
and he's not hurt at all he'll just cry
for like 15 minutes because he's excited
and misses us so if any really go he's
crying with no Kermit cries all the time
but we didn't notice it right away but
his tail was like that when we walked in
the door but the person that was
watching the dogs and dogs sitting that
is a very respected dog watching company
and it's a girl that's part of that
company and they have like really great
medical protocol so I feel more than
confident that it didn't happen on her
watch because she like totally would
have notified us and she has the
authority to take him to the vet and set
so she left and then when we came home
there was like an hour window where
there was no one here which is the only
time we think Kermit might hurt his tail
like he was literally here with peach
and marbles for an hour and broke his
sail it's still just a little
frustrating not knowing what happened or
how it happened but all the matters is
that he's okay and he's still Kermit
Kermit gone Kermit it was just crazy
like watching the beginning of the vlog
being like oh it's right there and I
didn't even see it until we were home
for like 15 minutes because he was
chewing on it but he was good and he's
got all kinds of little puppy drugs so
he's gonna get a lot too much okay I'll
see you guys tomorrow for day 6 of
vlogmas let's see what adventures
tomorrow has in store and maybe one of
these days we'll get to relax but I
don't know man I'm kidding it's really
not that bad
ja girls-- you guys tomorrow pray for
karma 2k15 I'm kidding you solely fun
all right good night
