are they I'm woken up with hair this
exciting since I was like a
five-year-old but that's how much is
left and that's how good I slept
tutorial
hey guys enjoy hi stop judging me
that's a judge face hi guys it's me
Frank gentleman he's a tutorial to have
fixture careful when you sleep really
violently apparently then dude I fix it
stops better Joey said I then excuse me
um would you like to date Dan Innis as
you can pal
I am well-rested so we're gonna go out
into the world for a little bed Jillian
wants to maybe film some time elapses
maybe maybe crazy lira maybe even answer
total of sleaze total eclipse
I don't like need anything news Julian
but we both brought stuff to wear but
neither of us really want to wear them
you know how that goes
hassle alert no really wanna wear it oh
hey I almost fell Oh room get some shoes
go did all right I'm back at the hotel
Julian and Rome went to go get some food
I'm Mac here because I need to get in
the shower as quickly as possible so let
me get ready for tonight I took a
screenshot my phone of the last time
that I was here I'm gonna focus but it
says Minneapolis Minnesota and that's me
Kermit and marbles spinning around and
friends that like spoon with the cherry
they're both there they're so good that
day they were so good we have all been
here except Julian in Rome have not been
here before so they're very excited and
we went to the mall the closest thing
was like a look at Macy's I got a face
wash because I forgot to pack mine I
forgot to pack a lot of things
apparently most importantly was like my
headphones
my facebook I was just gonna wash my
face hotels like the hand soap there's
not a good idea
actually what I brought to where I
brought this jacket to where I've been
wearing it for years to lots of
different things so it's always super
embarrassing when I like go to an event
and I have nothing to wear but the same
 now we're all time so these are
like super sale they were both like $25
like my total was less than $50 for both
the seats I wanted something like sort
of warm and comfy I have like a longer
jacket that I'm probably gonna wear over
everything anyways but I want something
just not like a jacket you know I was
work jacket probably still gonna wear
leggings but I got just like a cowl-neck
like black turtleneck II thing it looks
so much like my 3-way poncho and I wish
I had my three Poncho's I love that
but I also got this Jen whoa-ho-ho
hi I'm going to try them on I always do
this like before I take a shower it's
just in case I want to put any fake tan
on when I get out I only have like I'll
show you these little tanning wipes
I like these for traveling otherwise I
end up traveling with so many bottles of
fake tan for like different darkness
ha's and like different things like
often want to touch it up the next day
so I stopped doing that I just travel
with wipes but I've been wearing so much
less fake tan because when my hair is so
dark I can't really wear it just looks
borderline offensive with dark hair I
can't even tell you like for kids
birthday party a few years ago she
wanted to be like a 70s themed party so
I you know was bleach blonde and did my
tan and makeup as I usually would and
look totally normal and then I put on
like an afro wig and my face looked
really offensive that was the first time
I think I learned that like you can't
have dark hair and dark tan and dark
makeup and it just looks so I don't mean
it at all I don't mean it I'm so sorry
so just like maybe a wipe and that's
about it for the tan but I still try my
clothes anyways before I take a shower
so that in case I want to put on a fake
tan I don't have to worry about getting
it all over my outfit while it dries so
I'm going to try these on and I'm going
to try and the ten
to figure out which outfit I'm going to
wear to the excuse all the ratchetness
but this is the jacket that I brought to
wear wear that and I'm probably quite
different leggings these are like Under
Armour leggings you get the gist about
this jacket I'll probably wear these
heels that I brought these like flat
boots in case there was a lot of snow or
something just don't now this is my
solid plan B but I wear it often and I
just like I'm wearing all the time
embarrassing I'm bad at the shopping and
the having the clothes that are
different I can't I mean I'm not a
person sure that I'm going to wear this
tonight but I am so pleased with this
purchase this is a good purchase 25
bucks for all of this I think that this
is really fun and cute I'm not sure that
it's a high percent appropriate who
knows ooh with my hair down some jewelry
this would look really exciting yeah
just put yourself in the mind of a
college student if I'm here to see my
internet friend Tess sees what do I want
her to wear probably this very cute pray
pray pray pretty pretty cute I am NOT
ruling this out it is the Hobby percent
of possibility I think it is more likely
that I'll wear something like this maybe
there's a different bra and different
thing happening because as fun as the
Christmas sweater is I don't really want
to be a dick I don't know maybe I'm
wrong but it is definitely a high
percent more comfortable than my jacket
is like when Jack is just so restricting
my movement in my excitement and this is
a very soft fabric it's the thoughtless
now I'm gonna have to similar things
like this it's sort of like my 3-way
poncho is this a 3-way poncho because
this does not look good like very hot
Jessica if anyone doesn't know what I'm
talking about I made a video called a
drunk river review like as seen on tv
products and one of the things it is a
3-way poncho it's actually like soft and
nice I like it
this is definitely a better option than
just going full-blown troll although I
do like to troll but like like you
either need to go full troll or no troll
so I think I might go no troll and then
this is my coat that I have to go over
it this is from Zara
from a little while ago I love this
jacket it is awesome huh
I have like a ski jacket with me
Malaysian ski when I moved to
California I got rid of most of my
winter clothes because there's just no
need to have them we were going I forget
where we going but I need a warmer coat
so I got it it's this one this blue guy
right there
this poncho jacket I've worn
that like ski jacket under it and you
can still wear it it's totally normal so
I might even just bring it in case we go
out later tonight and it's like cold and
chilly blood look how cute that is and
it just feels like a big warm mumbly
thing what do you guys think does not be
wearing this hat and I will not look
like this yeah you look beat I really I
gotta get in the shower dude and see how
much of a mess my hair welcome
the jaga garage for that sneeze in Julia
that's I'm under my ass some buildings I
got some mushroom I dragged my hair
already and faded a little bit but it
made a gigantic ass mess when that towel
got super blue I like wrung it all out
but that was just from my body
alright peach shower alright peace our
so yeah get him ready let me go do my
makeup and finished on my hair okay I'm
here at the university Minnesota John
and wrong a Janie Jamie's gonna be
talking to me on stage so we're just
hanging out for a little bit until we go
up there but I'm excited I chose I chose
the Christmas sweater I'm sorry
holiday sweater you don't want to be
offensive but yeah it's gonna be fun I'm
excited
hmm I love you guys so much for happy
this really means a lot to me to be here
that anyone gives a what I have to
say about anything I appreciate it and
it's because I took a risk and a chance
in life so I hope if you're sitting here
not knowing where your wife is going
anymore you're doing just know that I
don't know any better than you because I
don't know anything either but I
appreciate getting to spending this time
in a room with you means a lot to me
thank you for coming thank you for
questions thank you for carrying
appreciated Hey I'll leave you with the
light hat if you're ever hot to slow
down your shirt that was really really
fun and wonderful and thank you so much
University of Minnesota for having me I
had a great night and they're fine funds
right and out with it up mean greetings
I'm in their relationship now like
through their third girlfriend thank you
so much for everything
look what you gave us look at this bread
which Julian is putting in my back day
yep don't enjoy holes in brie and begin
agree envy why we came back to the hotel
we had a drink in the lobby and we were
playing heads up we're having a great
time they were some very drunk people
some of whom were very very nice and
some of who were very very drunk Rudy's
 yeah just rude Julian almost had to
tell the girl off good
all right Julian told the girl off we
just had like such a good fun night
we're having so much fun they stopped
serving alcohol very early for some
reason and you can only buy alcohol
until 10:00 p.m. so it's not like we're
sitting there drunk or anybody's like
 whatever but a lot of people
were around doing this thing called 12
bars of Christmas which is apparently go
to 12 bars and get drunk so even if you
had a drink at every bar like these
people are very very very drunk there
were a couple of girls that had come up
just in the lobby like while we're
playing a game we're playing heads up
and we stopped playing several times to
say hi to people it's never a problem
like I'll always say hi to anybody
anytime we're just like hey is it cool
if we like hang out for a second talk or
hug or take a picture like always of
course that's not what I'm talking about
at all there were a couple of girls that
were just so outrageously rude both of
which we're in the vein of all right I'm
gonna do an impression okay
holy this tamil is famous somebody here
is famous and I want to be on
your thing what's your thing who are you
okay yeah but like I want to be on your
thing like that
like I don't I don't know how to respond
to that what's cool what did that second
girl say the second girl sat down on our
table not on the seat like on the table
and we like didn't even care cuz there's
like the fourth time this has happened
she said okay so somebody here's famous
and I want to know who it is and I said
to her if you don't know who it is
you probably shouldn't be here right now
cuz you're being really rude and then
she got up and was like really offended
but thankfully her guy friend came over
who was clearly like clear-headed and he
was like let's get out of here sorry
guys and we were like well he had
already taken away the first girl that
was pretty rude and this girl was just
like the icing on the cake rude just
like think of a more insulting way to
approach anyone one of them spit on
Julianne and actually like had pizza
fall all over him like she covered
Julian in his arch-nemesis which is
gluten if you that drunk dude just don't
so try and make any new friends like
that person's like a rude person deep
down cuz you don't just be calm down
you're drunk it just gets him yeah she's
a river it's just it sucks we had such a
fun night and then like that had
happened and we had to like call it it
we very abruptly came upstairs to end
the night because it was just so much
but other than that there were plenty of
people that we met tonight and
downstairs and in Minnesota and in
Minneapolis that were completely lovely
and wonderful and normal
she's the 1% we had an incredible time
at the event tonight everyone was so
lovely different colleges have sort of
different atmospheres and different
energy and the University of Minnesota
was very fun everybody wanted to have
fun and laugh and we just had a great
time so it was a what I said after the
event was that it was one of the more
relaxed ones that we've had it was very
easygoing happy just so cool it
was really cool it was a great night and
I want to thank the University of
Minnesota for having me
it was wonderful we are heading home in
the morning and I'm excited to go home
to
spitting I had a great time it was more
than great and it was too bad that a
couple of drunk girls had to go and make
it all weird it's okay I understand I
know what it's like to be very drunk
although I would probably never do that
girl you might be like maybe they're
like 20 years old they just don't know
how to how to interact with other human
beings yes it's okay girl all right
we had to come upstairs very quickly
it's really like all right this is only
getting worse for PS if Julian is ever
rude to you you know you're all problem
Julian knows because I like I will never
let anyone around me be rude to anyone
ever unless it's for my safety and
Julian just all of a sudden cut me off
and was like maybe you should leave and
I was like oh we gotta go Julian knows
like even if you were the drunkest
person on earth and can't make a
sentence I will still be nice to you but
if you're sort of threatening our space
or causing a real problem Julian will
say something to you and all you said
was like maybe you should leave that's
how you know you're all probable thank
you so much for having me happy vlogmas
tomorrow we'll be home then we can see
the baby so excited unless my guys I was
here mom bye
