mobile happy vlogmas stay tuned so I'm
gonna be real honest with you guys right
now I like to follow the news fair
amount and today there was a mass
shooting in San Bernardino California
which is like 60 miles outside of Los
Angeles but we drive through that to get
to Big Bear and Julian's mom was
actually driving through San Bernardino
earlier today when it was happening and
I don't know what country you're
watching from but here in the United
States guns and shootings have become
like a really regular occurrence and it
happened early this morning and today's
Wednesday today is my video day for
those of you that don't know I usually
shoot edit and upload my videos all on
Wednesday
unless I've deemed it like a bigger
project and then I spent some more time
on it today I had several different
ideas of videos that I wanted to post
and usually on Wednesday morning I wake
up and I flesh out which one of those I
think would be the best to do that week
and if I have enough material if it's a
complete thought if I'd like to execute
that a lot of different factors but
mostly you know I spend the day on
Wednesday really hashing out everything
that I want to say and any shocks if
necessary shot lists you know whatever
setting it up putting on makeup shooting
it and then at night and usually editing
and uploading but because the shooting
happened around 11:00 11:30 in the
morning a lot of my attention was
getting delegated to that because it was
really sad and I almost uploaded a very
off-the-cuff rant just about all of my
thoughts about everything that's going
on in the world right now this is a very
depressing place I am not usually like
that on my main channel I try not to be
because although my audience has skewed
older on the past few years is less
teenagers and is more people in their
20s which makes me very happy and feel
very comfortable because it's
essentially you know my peers or people
similar in age to me where I don't have
to be so guilt-ridden with the social
responsibilities of never you know
influencing so I never want someone to
think a certain way about politics or
something just because I said it so I
tread
very lightly on political topics unless
it's just purely for the sake of making
jokes which is why when I made the
Hillary Clinton video I made sure that
none of it was really taking jabs at her
personally you could substitute in any
other politician into that video and it
would still get the point across which
the joke I thought was you know
politicians are outrageously out of
touch sometimes when trying to gain
younger demographics votes which is what
I thought was funny so that's why I made
that video but I don't really like to
disclose a lot of my political views
because I don't think that it's my place
and I'm happy that I did not post a
video like that although I wasn't going
to disclose anything because I think
that something like that is better
suited on a channel like this or on the
podcasts and we've already shot a
podcast for next week we talked about
Sam pepper a little bit and some
hypothetical situations within YouTube
and that sort of thing for those of you
that requested that oh it was we were
going to do it anyways so if you're into
that stuff it's a more serious podcast
we don't always do funny stuff sometimes
it's serious stuff but that will be up
on Monday and as I was sort of sitting
with the news and watching the live
stream you know it's in the back of my
mind like hey Jenna you might want to
sit down through a little notebook over
there and start going through your ideas
and flesh out which topics you think
might work today and I just couldn't I
could not I think with Paris and with
all the recent shootings in the United
States is becoming all like really heavy
for everybody and you know regardless of
what side you're on about anything or
any given topic I think the conclusion
that most of us can come to is that were
exhausted of this we're tired of
violence and people murdering each other
and I think the only way that we can
stop something like this is by hearing
each other and talking to each other and
having educated conversations where we
can meet in the middle because I don't
think that you know either extreme of
any situation is a good thing I think we
always need each other to balance each
other out and that there's checks and
balances within our government for that
purpose to make sure that any solution
that we're coming up with
doesn't you know maybe strip people of
their liberties but also is a good
compromise for everyone to move forward
progressively because nobody wants this
everybody wants the same thing everybody
wants to live happily without the fear
of their school or work or church being
shot up but nobody wants that and it's
difficult right now and I'm so sorry
because this is literally like day to
vlog minutes like I'm so excited about
vlog Monday and my day was me watching
the news and reading Twitter instead of
writing what I had planned to be a funny
video for today on my main channel and
there's just times that I think when I
can't bring myself to go make some jokes
it's not worth it to me and I don't want
to knock post a video but I don't want
to post a video out of some knee-jerk
reaction to how I feel about the
situation I don't think that's good
either so what I've decided to do for a
main channel and you know I will record
on bit because we'll try and be in light
spirits the best that we can because you
know in the face of all of this tragedy
and things all you can do is hug your
loved ones and move on with life and not
let fear and anger dictate the moves
that you make in the future so what I
have decided and for those of you maybe
that don't know I'm going to Minnesota
tomorrow like 7:00 in the morning I'll
be speaking at the University of
Minnesota st. Paul and I really like
having discussions at colleges and
universities because particularly within
schools it's an interesting time to have
you know a lot of people of the same age
that are a little bit older that have
much different questions than younger
kids - they want to know everything from
being a creator on the internet or how
they can start working on the Internet -
politics - my thoughts on the YouTube
community - my thoughts on my dogs and
it's really interesting to hang out with
young people and have a
thought-provoking conversation for an
hour or however long I haven't packed I
don't know what I'm wearing and also
last night I did a mask on my face I was
reading somewhere that olive oil and
tumeric made a really nice face mask
and I you know just took it upon myself
to put a butt on a tumeric in
there and turn my whole face orange and
my nails so I do not recommend that
unless you want to laugh pretty hard
because I had to scrub my face to get
that off and some of it's probably
still in my hair lout yeah that and I
like i penciled in or like shadowed in
my eyebrows because they looked orange
 too in anyways though what I
have decided for my video today and what
I was trying to say before I went on the
tangent was that for those of you that
aren't at those College appearances one
of the questions I get asked a lot is
how do you come up with what you're
going to do on a particular week and I
was like dude straight up if there's a
week when I can't physically make a
video we're human beings as people that
make youtube videos and sometimes you're
sad or like they're sad things going on
in the world family anything that's
going on in your life travel all of
these things that make your job to just
make cool creative things come out of
your brain really difficult I was like
anytime that I'm going to bind like a
real bind I will upload a questions
video or a challenge because challenges
are fun I don't have to really strain my
thoughts or my brain in order to make
them and I will also do a challenge at a
time maybe when I need a good laugh too
because if you're sitting here making
some stupid jokes about what a girl's
hair means I'm not necessarily laughing
at myself I would hope that it'd make
you laugh but for like a challenge or
something like that those videos
sometimes double serve as picking my
spirits up as well and it keeps things
interesting for me it keeps me intrigued
in making videos every single week by
getting to do different things so for
those of you that watch those videos and
enjoy them for what they are I
appreciate that because it's it also
serves a purpose for me as well to keep
my sanity together and today is one of
those days I just it didn't feel right
to be making any sort of video that was
just not it's just not right and when
Paris happened I had a difficult day
that day as well
is I think people around the world did
and Tim delageteau came over that night
and we had to shoot marry kill and
we were you know texting back and forth
like you know should we shoot this I
don't know are you okay like are we able
to do this he was in the car for like an
hour in traffic and we ultimately
decided that you know since we had had a
wrap-up of the evening everything had
sort of wound out we had some answers we
had some like understanding that this is
what we're going to have to sit with and
we had sat with it for a little while we
were able to get together and you know
put on a brave face and make a happy
video and at first I was like this feels
wrong but after we did it and spending
time with a friend and talking and
laughing it's much better than sitting
and ruminating in all the negative
things that are happening in the world
so part of me today is like you know
what it I've uploaded every single
day for five years I know there's going
to be a day when it is just too much for
me to say I'm not uploading today sorry
this is it like not uploading today just
not doing it I don't quite feel at that
point but it is you know something to
think about as these things go on in the
world is it insensitive to post a video
is it you know I just can't sit there
and pretend like it's not bothering me
like a you know business as usual it's
not it's up and I I think
I'm going to acknowledge it in the
beginning of my video that I am sitting
with it and that I do feel it but the
best thing that we can do together that
I can do that you can do is just keep on
going with your life try and work on a
way to make the world better than when
you came in it and we just can't sit and
ruminate it we have to move forward we
have to keep going but in a way that's
not offensive I think if I saw someone's
channel that was just like they didn't
give a I mean it kind of hurts you
know us as people says young boding aged
individuals like why don't you care you
should care I want you to care why don't
you care so I do care I care a lot and
that's sort of what I was sitting with
today and I will make a video and I will
do my best to have some fun and
accomplish my goal that I said
out to do every week which is just like
let's just let's just laugh let's just
make some people laugh maybe hopefully
brighten your day for a few minutes so
that you can have an escape sometimes
not a distraction I don't want that
don't be distracted know what's going on
in the world but maybe have an escape
for five minutes or so from the heavy
things going on in the world and I would
like to fulfill that role today for
those of you that do laugh at things
like that and I would also like to you
know not feel guilty about making
something that doesn't seem right and
that's what I'm going to do I think it
serves multiple purposes throughout the
day I've just come to the conclusion
that this is what I can handle this is
what I think people can handle it's just
the best way that I can handle my video
day on a tragic event like this and hope
that you're having an OK day and that
all of your family members and loved
ones are safe and happy and healthy and
everyday that they are you should be
thankful and grateful because days like
today is suck and they suck I'll
show you what we're gonna do in a little
bit kippa me focus on me focus on me
your hair looks so beautiful today you
look like you're in like a very strange
LL Bean catalog right now whoever was
doing your hair for this photo shoot was
 snatched and everybody else was
like basic this Jose yeah you need some
shoes to sell in Rome what's that called
when you do that any cuff them
it's got like a pin tongue me pin let me
look I put it on my phone spelled in tin
pans spin real cocky pin roll these are
khaki pants so 10 Roger
focus on me oh my god are you having a
good day oh girl oh I don't know she
likes that peach did you like that I'm
not sure but I like this oh you look
like you're smiling sometimes when you
lay down right well this is a pretty
thing such a pretty girl
mmm I just kidding I love you I am in my
closet I think this might be one of the
only places I have never shot a video
maybe someday I'll give you a closet are
very interested in this is by far the
biggest closet I've ever had and when we
rented this place we always look for a
house with as little carpet as possible
because the dogs cannot be trusted and
this is literally the only room in the
house with carpet in it aside from
Julian's when we went to this place for
like walks to sever closes oh my god
what is this this we are doing the
dress-up challenge which I think will be
fun and exciting and happy and loosen up
the spirits of today we need to pick out
three outfits for each other so that's
what I'm going to do right now I'm going
to pick up from for Julian there's
no shoes in here they're actually in a
cupboard out in the hall so I will go
there after but it includes shoes even a
thong I'm kidding I won't make it so I
think I'm gonna do like one daytime
outfit one like nighttime outfit maybe
and then one like evening outfit so I
think for daytime I found something I
think those are a lip balm on Julian and
that they're gonna be very very tight
this is gonna your rules
graduated who is it was there Zoe T opt
and Kermie wow you guys can't come in no
this one place you can't be my kid my
good man my stay all right I'm gonna
show you what I'm working with right now
I have like a day outfit casual dressy
outfit and a dressy outfit this is kind
of a struggle bus because I know
whatever he puts on is gonna get ruined
and stretched out but also like he might
not even be able to get his body into so
it's a little bit more difficult than I
thought to pick out an outfit for him I
want to make him do so many is it bad
that up was kind of up
isn't it I'm gonna make him with this
this is daytime's and assuring a tank
top and those leggings these are his two
evening options I need to pick three but
I think if he tries you know something I
doesn't fit I need to have a backup so
I'm picking like more than three but
like in the same vein you ready for the
third one so kawaii
I caught peach earlier today chewing on
this I
even warned it yeah and I'm really upset
about a shortage chewed one I'm gonna
bring one more back up because I'm
 up going to Brennan she's like my
favorite designer she's actually the one
that was like doing that tumeric in
olive oil mask and I was like oh I love
that I didn't turn on my extremities
Orange that I love her she's a designer
she actually made I'll show you her name
is Elena Rama she actually made my dress
for yes he can't even see that pale ends
on a pale bag she made that dress that
peach one the pink one for the young
Hollywood Awards I really like her I've
also bought lots of other stuff from her
so I want to bring him something else
that I bought from her I think might be
able to fit gigantic man body it's like
a fella
it's like pants and a turtleneck because
I think you would look banging hot and
like a onesie like really sexy fitted
sweater deal I think I'm enjoying this
too much alright I'm gonna go pick out
some chicks all right boom done first
pair of shoes for the daytime outfit and
use these what Julian likes to call feet
sweaters ah
naughty come on so in this cabinet in
the hallway is where I keep my shoes
this is where all the pretty fun ones
are if you couldn't tell my style is
like pretty tacky like platform my
cookery yeah anything that falls into
that general motif this is gonna be
tricky because his feet are much bigger
than mine I want to pick shoes that he
might be able to get his feet into
without like ruining them or like
hurting his feet cuz I want to watch him
walk in them or try to alright my shoe
choices have been made and for
logistical purposes I've brought one
extra pair just in case he can't
physically get his feet in them and
we'll have a backup pair ready it would
be prepared for Julian's feet my feet
sweaters with the day outfit hopefully
since these are open in the front he'll
be able to get his big giant feet in
there for his one of his evening outfits
um I don't know about this probably just
feet sweaters because he's taller than
me although I would usually wear that
with heels and for his super kawaii
outfit um I really want him to try and
wear these because look how
ridiculous those are I've only won these
like a couple of times because it's very
hard to make it outfit to go with all of
this that company chic they make such
like my style of
and they're cheap and funds they just
look like you're going to the moon
like the hooker moon if those don't work
hopefully you can fit had feet into
these blue pumps I love these shoes -
these are super cute I got you on the
sales and now you is like seven years
old money
well spam you to Julian has gone
downstairs to set up a shot I am going
to do my makeup really fast probably
change my clothes
happy yeah Julian just don't like Hera
not nice um this little look like this
eyelash won't live laughs and I've
decided that I'm just gonna cut my
losses cuz I got all day to fix
yeah like poking me like when I con
guys are you hurting my eyes like oh I
know I've totally said this in the past
but with whenever I go like this on my
eyes I mean people can really see my
eyeballs feel early Oleg ah you're
either like your pupils are huge I
promise you that have been like that
since I was a child when I went and got
my ears pierced like in high school I
went with my mom
and the guy was like hey you want any
drugs or alcohol oh no and then he took
me in a back room you go no really are
you on any drugs alcohol like your
pupils are enormous they just get mad
big cuz they're trying to take in all
the beauty in the world you feeling so
low clean wait where are you going oh
you came back we are sitting down to
shoot my video right now and I'm excited
for all the outfits I picked out for you
Julie yeah we're having some technical
difficulties per URL sometimes DRB along
Yang's still not like a godparent we
actually be fun it's gonna be a good
time a hair light it's totally green and
my nails are still yellow don't use
tumeric that's how you say right to
turmeric this is what happens you're
like the only one that ever wants to
come join me when I do stuff well the
boys just go sit in their little spots
they fall asleep they don't want to hang
on mommy
my little baby boy always done PTAs flag
makes happy blogs peachy I should have
taken a picture last night with it on my
face yes yeah
you saw it right it was just it looks
like you know when people get like those
acid peels or whatever on their face it
looked like that except it's just olive
oil and turmeric
turnabout's gonna work too right if I
had an acid peel I'd have like boils all
over my skin that shows it I watched her
ship a toss is logged when she had her
son and she it was like peeling for like
days boiled that moment when you're just
watching Trisha Paytas vlogs because she
keeps it so real no one could ever
possibly hate on her that's how
I feel all right you raise Oh
chucka head he's not going to do that to
him sorry I didn't mean that like that's
one of my friends love you
asshole we just finished shooting and we
had such a good time oh that was so much
fun to watch Julianne wear heels out a
couple tests who's really gonna fall
think I'm going to call it a night for
this vlogmas sorry about the sad
beginning hope that we ended the night
on a happier note I'll see you guys
tomorrow for day 3 of vlogmas and we'll
be traveling all day so it's gonna be
SuperDuper exciting see yes my happy
blog least I never forget
