I'm having a red in the face day ever
just have a day we're terribly red in
the face but I got do my radio show
today and then I will see you after that
I'm still wearing this outfit from last
night even when I have all over it
now because I laid under the Christmas
tree and I got dirty ten out of ten
wouldn't recommend laying under your
Christmas tree even though you just
clean that spot before you put your
Christmas tree down it's still somehow
it's just like dusty because your house
is dusty because it's a dusty place cuz
it's kind of old but like dusty as well
also dusty I'll see you in a little bit
we got toilet paper we're ready
dangerously low radio show is done it'll
be on tomorrow Julien's at an
appointment right now but I think we're
gonna go to Office Depot or something
like that in a little bit because I
don't like I've tried really hard to
keep calendars like in my phone or have
a shared calendar that works for like
Rome and I like for business stuff when
we keep it in a group calendar but for
Julian I like it really doesn't work
especially because Julian makes so many
plans like on the fly he's a tornado in
every sense so he does a lot of like
spontaneous things and like just goes
and does things whenever wherever where
as I like to have everything planned out
all the time girl I'm a Virgo well I'm
at our side I like earth I like being at
home and birthing around I like to walk
around without any shoes on so I can
feel the earth it's called our thing and
I like to earth okay I don't know if any
that's right but that's how I feel also
I read a comment on like my third vlog
miss that was like a Jannah that I
really liked your vlog so can you like
leave your house sometime girl I'm
living my dream life on a serious note
though like this is what I want for my
life I made a goal forever ago sometimes
when you're at like a weird crossroads
at your life and you don't know how
you're ever gonna like get out of
whatever current situation you're in I
remember just sitting in my apartment in
Boston thinking to myself like what do I
really want out of life and the only
answer that I came to wasn't like job
related or like anything you know I'd
finished school but I like didn't know
what to do with my life I was like you
know what I want more than anything is
to just not have to say goodbye to my
dogs and like be home with them and fast
forward now however many years
all this is my dream life every day I
wake up and I kiss small puppy in the
morning and I kiss him in the evening
kiss I'm at suppertime cuz when you kiss
your top of a bagel you can kiss your
dog off with that I love being at home
it genuinely makes me so happy I love
working from home I love doing the
podcast from home I love gaming from
home I love doing my radio show from
home I love doing everything at home but
from a blogging perspective I understand
that these vlogs are terribly boring
because I'm at home all the time but I
will do my best to show you more of what
I do leave the house because I'm still a
timid vlogger and that I'm not
completely comfortable doing it
sometimes when I'm out of the house like
you'll see in Julien's vlogs like we do
stuff I just don't blog it because I'm
like whenever there's another person
around I'm like I feel embarrassed or
like we're out public and I'm like kind
of nervous I don't really want to do it
cuz I'm like no I'll just cuz I'm gonna
belong you know like an introvert and
extrovert
that's introverted on the inside but has
an innie belly button what's that called
anyways I think we are going to Office
Depot because we need a calendar so bad
not a digital calendar a physical
calendar we need like a big whiteboard
that we can write on so Julian can run
over there and just write in some things
that he's doing because I don't know if
you know anyone like this
he'll just in passing me like pipettes
so next Thursday at 4 p.m. I'm gonna go
over to Erika's house and and we're
gonna talk about this and I'm like cool
babe whatever and then you know he'll do
that 70 times in the week and I have no
 idea when anything is happening
so be like we'll go to bed music oh
member I got that thing at like you know
10:00 in the morning tomorrow and I'm
like I have no idea what you're talking
about I literally don't know and I'd be
like November I told you I'm like no now
I actually don't even remember he's even
telling me at all it's getting so bad
that Julian can't even remember what he
has to do let alone like me remember
what Julian has like he's been waking up
every day being like oh man I just feel
like I'm gonna get like a texture call
or something right now that I'm missing
something that I was supposed to do he
really genuinely can't remember what
he's supposed to do we got to get
something going Pam anything I just I
want to you know let you know that I'm
now in an exclusive relationship with
the toilet paper no one sponsors things
okay it's just don't read this by
whatever toilet paper you like okay just
want to tell you about my new
exclusive relationship this 12 pack of
toilet paper inside I like to sound me
oh yeah
what's the matter bro you scare my
boyfriend your hair you grow you trying
to deal with my men is it daddy kiss bud
hey oh my god hey from it go see him he
wants you to get him permit wants to get
got oh oh my god
he just like wants you don't want him so
bad name a more iconic who knows what we
doing let's filled out this office
deputy but are you happy
daddy's gonna leave you immediately now
I love you bye I also get a corkboard
cool warped put my pins on that's a good
idea then you can stop putting them in
random pieces of phone random random how
do you know something those pieces of
foam were in the car seat of me as the
baby they hold a lot of importance they
were not they were their sound phone
they were in my car seat before I shut
uh that car seat feeling when you get
buckled up and nobody else gets in the
car and then you guys you're not in the
car seat you're on the bus if you're an
adult
alright let's go hobble didn't get a hug
at all yet he's waiting for the Iggy's
to have their turn come here baby you
just want to get stomped on no good I
told you like a showdown and the Gaza
that is how they 330 pounds two
ounces he runs a 38-year mile
girl what you know about this ridiculous
outfit okay I tried these shoes idiot
raining quick god the depot no we just
got whiteboard and stuff are you excited
nothing right on it I'm gonna write so
much on there I'm alright you will know
this at hello ah all right am I feeling
my credit sales okay it's my rights a
permit feel like a word sack in bald
letters every day except for one when
you write nervous we're gonna go to one
of my favorite feeding spots and get
KSAT data social will many skulls
quesadillas every year my brother and
sister-in-law sent me a list of what my
niece wants like for Christmas or like
what they want for her but they asked
her my brother texted me he's like we
have very serious like long conversation
about this and this is her list that she
came up with and it was like paper
towels and orange quesadillas for her
and her animals which are like these
little toy animals will be some Quezada
does that's how the dog it's not d-does
what happens when you put your shoes in
your Mexican food is a bad guess
Scientology oh ma stop
brains so that I have you still
I'm so glad I have you we are income
women
s1 if I should shave impressive if I
should do a YouTube channel
okay ten point five it to be Angie
Keenan math coming over tonight Matt
from Rochester which I'm from
years apart cues from our rival town
we're gonna fistfight
oh my we can eat it all
oh he was like she's never met Julian I
was like you think I can eat this all
she was like no but it's okay Keaton and
Matt came over we also got married
tonight getting the Matt were the only
two I really only two witnesses made
these rings out of the moai tops we got
in trouble very nice
you got them like kids meals that you
pull it so I I was like you guys my
quesadillas no yeah so I go to Chipotle
on post fades and I'm like oh
Kasey has only exists on the kids menu
so I got each of them three and it looks
like in our kitchen like we had a party
for fiber well that show it looks like
we have a kid's birthday party
we really did there's juice boxes
everywhere Julius these crosses are
don't like it does it looks like a kid's
birthday party it's like it's mostly
just this whatever your pizza tray tray
like happy place
they're separating us we don't even open
this today and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
but look my birthday I don't know I
hope you guys are having a good day and
I'll see you guys tomorrow for blood
good night - okay to give everyone
you know - make sure you um just like
this video and don't subscribe mash that
dislike but as hard as you can just
smash it you smash that dislike button
talk to me
hahaha
