John what is this a vlog yeah it's vlog
girl you got some killer bags under your
eyes yes I do I'm still recovering sort
of from jet lag I haven't been able to
fall asleep at regular times which is
still annoying and I should get over it
but I'm just having a weird time we're
also traveling on Thursday to st. Paul
Minnesota I have a college appearance I
would tell you where to get tickets but
it's already sold out so for those of
you they're gonna be there I will see
you very excited but recently I forced
Julian to go back and watch all of his
vlogmas episodes of last year because I
was like you should see how much you've
grown and how special that is and then
of course I always get that like sinking
jealousy feeling of like damn it Janet
you should have just done
vlogmas with Julian so then you both are
doing it together so I decided that I am
going to attempt to vlogmas I am not
making any promises because tomorrow is
my video day and watch me just
freak out and not vlog mice at all for
the second day but you know I'll give it
a shot because I'm very jealous of
people that have like accounts of their
day-to-day life throughout the years and
you know I would like to just have that
I would like to try it even if I don't
succeed it's worth trying today since I
have like you know random ass going
on and we might podcast in a minute
that's not that exciting for those of
you that you know sort of run your own
business or anything you know how not
exciting any of that is I'll just make a
 time-lapse of me responding to
some emails and being on the phone
really not exciting and also please keep
your expectations low as my vlog mists
will not have any exciting time lapses
or cool things that Julian does it will
just be regular and for the sake of
not boring you to death I thought you
know maybe I would sit down and some of
these and have it be less about just
like vlogging around my life and maybe
some more just sitting down what so
we'll see we'll see how it goes and if
you like this stuff then I hope that you
like vlogmas from me because I've never
ever done this there's no better time
than the present
I'll catch that beautiful butterfly and
I've been hanging out with some daily
vloggers recently like Jesse and Jeana
and fun for Louie and we had the most
wonderful time and I always get so
jealous I'm like
you guys are so fun just logging
having a good time and I'm just going to
sit here and stare at the ceiling but
for the very first day of vlogmas since
I have so much footage from Tokyo I
wanted to show you something that I shot
for you mind you we had some sake at
this point so it was a little bit tipsy
I'm just giggling I think I'm so funny
and when I'm drunk to myself girl but I
wanted to show you like a little mini
beauty haul that I took from Tokyo and
then I'll meet you back here to show you
some other things and what I thought
about those products okay so this is
this is what I got in Tokyo so I'm on a
quest to get an eyebrow pencil just
found some lashes and nails and
conditioner that it pack any and they're
all in bags all the conditioner they
sell in like a bottle in a bag let's go
with this huh for damaged hair
argan oil okay where do your directions
nailed it we had some delicious food and
like sake
we have some sake so that is pretty good
so sorry if I am a little bit talkative
during this part of the video I want to
show you the things that I got this is
my mini Tokyo Hall
I got this coffee which I don't know
what this means but I'm going to drink
that it says black coffee
I got tomatoes and the giant grapes I
was eating earlier which are really
great but they they look different now
because they got rained on as to the
bananas which got rained on and like the
biggest Apple I've ever seen until
debuty vlog alright I got a hat a camo
adidas hat just awesome and then I got
lashes on lashes on lashes on lashes
this is like a cell phone case purse you
got like a little slot for your credit
cards and it is not functional
whatsoever you can literally just carry
your phone I don't care I don't care
that it's not a bag or a purse I made it
a point to come to Japan and get like a
ridiculous phone case so mission
accomplished these diamond lashes
diamond lash I got one pack of those
yesterday and I put them on and they
were too long for my eyes like I should
have trimmed them and I didn't and I
didn't have to like reglue them I wasn't
touching them they weren't bothering me
and they looked beautiful like in the
packaging I was like I don't know they
seemed okay and then I put them on and
they're next level man so I'm
looking to order some of those online in
the future I also went a little bit
overboard and made sure that I could
have some for when I'm not in Japan but
like they come in a pack of like a girl
that wears lashes all the time sighs
like they don't just sell you one at a
time they so he'd like five at a time
which is you know right up my
alley do you look really really pretty
but they're also called
I love magic so as soon as I saw them I
was sold because I I too love magic I
showed you
the conditioner that I bought earlier
which I'm very excited about have not
used yet I will tell you how that goes
I bought all of these nails now look at
how cute those are
oh my god sparkly sparkly in case you
haven't noticed my nails have looked
particularly like grubby like gross like
not cute and the reason is because
whenever I touch my hair or like move it
around it gets this like gross purple
blue like tint and dying from all of
this debt because I have not washed my
hair since I got it colored yet I am
gonna wash it tomorrow for the first
time which is going to be not cute for
the shower or my face or my hair every
time I touch my hair my fingers just
turn like this gross nasty blue-green
color so I usually do like a sticker on
my nails or like just a Polish but I
really wanted to look into getting like
some actual stick on nails because I'm
like it's not anything to help me so I'm
gonna be touching my hair and it's still
gonna be under my fingers and my nails
are still gonna look ratchet this
and I do not think that I will be doing
a light color just in case it still does
all of this so gross man
gross the last thing that I got is what
I want to do right now now I cannot tell
you if these are gonna be good or bad
I do not know these are we good or bad
but they're an all-in-one sheet mask I
think it's for your face let's check the
directions up I don't know
man Julian would you like to do a all in
one sheet mask with me alright let's go
good ready
I will check back with you a second this
is my favorite face huge effort I am
going to bed and I realized that earlier
today when we had a room cleaned like we
were out and about doing whatever
unlike in America something happened
here in Tokyo that I will never forget
last night I had taken off my pair
diamond lashes and put them here on the
TV because usually when I get in from
you know night out or whatever my lashes
at the first thing come off just take
them off and I sort of like put them
wherever usually is in the bathrooms
like a small sink top so I didn't want
to put it on there so that they would
get wet and I wanted to reuse them put
them on TVs I just ripped them off every
hotel that I've stayed at in America to
your room cleaning services they will
throw them out like they're trash and
here in Japan we came in beds were all
made like everything was clean and
beautiful and I look on the TV and my
 pair of lashes are sitting
on the TV I have just never felt more
understood in my life and I was like
whoever cleaned my room they understand
the struggle and I just I really
appreciate that you understood that just
because I took them off my face doesn't
mean that I don't still love them and I
want to still have them thoroughly
enjoying Japan and that was the icing on
the cake today whoever cleaned the room
decided that these beautiful pair of
lashes they needed to live another day
so thank you and good night
oh tipsy Jenna you so cute so that
conditioner I did try and it was
wonderful it was one of the better
conditioners I think I've ever used
sometimes I buy really expensive
conditioner because my hair after dyeing
it gets the texture of actual Doritos
and all of the towels got blue from my
hair I've never had a hair color bleed
as much as this one has those nails were
really really fun I forget what the name
of it is so I had these like metal nails
that a company had sent me and they're
so magical they stick on for
like a night and then they'll slowly
start to peel off like if you wash your
hands a bunch like they'll peel off it's
just like a little strip of glue that
you put under the nail but they worked
perfectly
for the evening which was all that I
wanted and I imagine you can just buy a
little adhesive parts and reuse them
over and over until you lose them or
you're sick of them so I'm proud of that
purchase and I will probably be using
them when I travel this weekend which is
very exciting
because then like you know you can let
your nails live and breathe without
getting acrylics and then you can just
stick them on there when you want to
look cute and my nails are still doing
sort of blue green thing the struggled
soul real last night I did my hair and I
was like putting argan oil in it and dry
shampoo in my hands like my actual hands
for like dark blues disgusting for those
of you that want to dye your hair a
color and never have done that before
it's it's an experience I'm not gonna do
like a complete halt of everything that
I gotten told you because it is so much
stuff it's just so much stuff and most
of it is gifts for other people at
Christmas even though in my family we
like to do this thing called no gifts
we've been doing it for years we just
decided when you're like hey let's not
get each other any presents and we're
all like that sounds great because we
all live in different areas and on
different coasts usually we just travel
to each other and that is more than
enough Christmas cheer and presents for
us for each other but even though we say
no presence we do like to get each other
like little small things so that is the
majority of what I got little small
things for friends and family just so
that they can know that I was thinking
of them when I was traveling and the no
presents rule does not apply to my niece
in any way she's basically the only one
opening up stuff on Christmas which I
think just makes all of us very very
happy so it's a really good plan if you
want to ever adopt that for your family
just propose the idea of no presence and
its really fantastic that being
said I did cheat though those face masks
that I got this is like the the big
purchase that I made in Tokyo because
after I did that I loved them so much I
got this giant bag of them and I was
like it while we're buying giant
bags of face masks I'm just gonna buy
this other kind too so those are for me
I don't know what it is like you put it
on and it's just so moisturizing on your
skin it feels really great I like to do
them when I'm laying in bed at night and
I'm like you know why knee down for
anything like this one is kero kero
keroro pee it's like somebody in
Japan was like hey everybody likes these
face masks you know we should do is put
 faces on them use their show it
up to work to play even in like
convenience stores you can find them
everywhere they are everywhere these
sheet masks but a lot of them have like
faces on them because why not like how
fun is that so these ones make your face
look samurai pretty sure someone at my
knee
Griet was the one that gave me this one
to begin with or maybe it was this one I
have two of them and I started dying
laughing because I didn't realize that
you could buy ones with faces on it and
I was like well just bought those
two giant bags plain ones and now I'm
pissed but they are more expensive when
they have a face on them these are all
for other people they make such good
gifts you can order them online to which
I found out so if you cannot go to Tokyo
to get these and you want them you can
order them online and I posted like a
snapchat and a vine of Julian with his
on and it just looks so funny
Tiger panda tiger that was definitely by
far one of my favorite purchases now on
to some of the other things I got snap
chatted and tweeted a picture of this
this is my favorite thing aside from all
the masks that I got in Tokyo it is a
backpack I forget this guy's name it's
like rec recommend recommend them and
I'm sorry I'm sorry I butchered it but
it's like a child sized backpack it's
just enough to fit like my phone and
some things in there like a lip gloss
it's not very big but I've been wearing
it everywhere I love it I put two little
llama keychains on there because why not
that wasn't originally for me it was
originally for my niece I actually got
two of them my niece is almost two years
old for her first Christmas I got her
lots of like plastic like kids
instruments and stuff and my
sister-in-law
I think likes gifts that are a little
bit more interactive so okay a backpack
isn't that interactive first of all
she's gonna kill me for getting all this
stuff for her I don't think she wants a
bunch of crap in her house I'm sorry but
I just can't help myself
my brother 6:5 and my sister-in-law is
pretty tall also so my niece is almost 2
but she's pretty tall for her age and I
did get her in Australia and New York I
got her some t-shirts but they're like
varying sizes very difficult to buy
clothes for a growing child I gave up in
Japan was like I'm just gonna get her
some stuff that I think she might think
is fun along the same lines of the
backpack it's the same character I got
her a puppet it's a puppet it's really
fun so it's not just stuff that it's a
puppet ok I'm justifying this purchase
for my niece so my mom usually when we
do no presents presents you know we'll
we'll give each other something little
it's usually like a pair of socks
so for my mom's no present president I
got
two of these adorable pairs of socks
it's got a little boat the top ones that
I might give one of these to my
sister-in-law want to my mom and more
brother can just get here we'll give
these to my brother
she's like bunny glasses those are for
my brother that's all you get thought
about you anymore about my niece and
this is for my mom there's so many these
little characters this is my absolute
favorite character the very first time
that I flew to Japan I was just in the
Rita Airport because we were catching a
flight to Singapore and I saw this I
started crying laughing I didn't know
what he was but his name is cat bus
which is hysterical he's from a movie
called our neighbor Toro Toro Sartre
that's not right I haven't seen it yet
so piss but I got a bunch of these for
the dogs and to just like give a person
a no gift gift it's like what you put in
your stocking is what we give each other
as gifts for my niece I also just
decided that there were so many cute
owls that maybe my sister in-law will
not kill me for giving her because she
can use them so I got her some cute
little like washcloths hopefully she
won't kill me for getting this it's just
a little Bowl so why not have a little
fun ball I'm hoping I will not get in
trouble for getting all that stuff for
my niece but that's what I got in Japan
90% face masks 2% of stuffed animals and
backpacks and a little purse for my
niece to put her you know whatever and
she has like one of those little fake
kitchens that she likes to play at so
you know she can take her wallet and
keys and to the store and she'll go
wearing this with my brother I don't
know for those of you that have any
nieces or nephews grandchildren children
it is very difficult to not to buy them
gifts and I hope when we are matching a
Christmas with our backpacks she can
choose a llama so then we can both have
llamas on our backpacks I hope you guys
liked this first day of vlogmas as we
travel and as we do stuff for the
holidays I will upload content obviously
of us going around doing things but I
just wanted to put something out there
today and because I'll be hopefully
vlogging a lot more I can finally make
some videos that I've always meant to
make in the past if there's anything
that you want me to make now is the time
to request it leave your comment and I
will read them I don't put them in my
brain hope you have a great set I'll see
you guys tomorrow I hope before I forget
because I just came around the office
put the footage of my computer to upload
it the last thing I told you looks so
incredible are these like calendars of
very sexy Japanese men and the Navy
laughs a lot so I got them these are for
very special people I haven't a hundred
percent decided who's getting what but
like if you get one of these for me just
know it's because I extra love you I'll
see you tomorrow bye friends bye
but
