it's Sunday night right now never but I
know breadsticks are I'm like wet right
now so I want to show you my new
favorite thing ever
I always bug Brett every weekend like
stay over the hall we get it totally
thank you dick
I've been here since Friday wearing much
of the same clothes me too
that's what weakens our poor wearing the
same clothes we're setting up the camera
now we're going to play guacamelee a
little bit because we're playing it and
we're crying laughing so you're sided
that we want to shoot it as video but
this is what this is what is making me
so wet it's my new favorite thing ever
okay so we're gonna focus do you live
your life just rosewater so watch this
right now you put the camera somewhere
and then you go like this especially and
then it's been so hot in the valley it
was like 100 and 4 degrees some
 today it look like this
oh yeah robot up and it
feels so loving so moisturizing I just
want to take a shower in it all the time
ok I've already used like that much of
it today so would it suck straighten
yourself in the car and I also want to
show you what we did to the bathroom
today Julie did Jerry show this in a
blog yeah we're like crying laughing cuz
Julian's brother and sister came over
and Marlon was like his brother was like
oh I like how you hung the painting more
like one of your paintings in the house
they started talking about the other
ones and then Brett was like oh you
should just hang all of his paintings in
the bathroom next to that baseball glove
so you had this and this majestic
painting of like an iPod what is that a
painting up so it's a painting of an
iPod nano
oh it's cold
iPod Allah my grete iPod Allah my greed
that's what it's called and this picture
who is this kid
yeah it's Justin Harper Cooper sorry
from y-your life I thought I see you bad
yo Julien you are cool Justin Cooper
convicted and this picture a drawing of
Julian signed by Triple H right oh it's
a little painting that Julian's mom did
of Julian with a part on his shoulder it
says to Julian always the always busy I
don't know no it says something and then
Triple H and also this from the Beverly
Hilton - Julian's best wishes Joel
Madden have you guys have ever seen my
snapchat yeah John Jonas
like the singer oh no I know
John Madden is I thought I was wondering
why Joel Madden had such nice purse I
know I thought it was so funny I thought
it was Joel Madden of like Good
Charlotte right yeah no that's done back
busk aside cuz enjoyed if money was such
a problem Julian doesn't have them
because it's got a signature from Tomy
Eddie and he loves him hey Sean well I
think it's way funnier to say that
Julian is an autographed picture of Joel
Madden in the bathroom kill me tog are
my office is finally done this is my
area over but Julian just finished we
finished his desk and put the doggie bed
over there
there's no desk is so pretty you like it
you got your new chair never had screens
to get on what is that what's that
Oh bottom another guy the Apple sir yes
no it's not fine
he he was stuck what was he selling me
it was the iPhone case put the packaging
oh yeah he really just wanted oh no he
was like I want you to open I don't even
want to be a before yeah I was like bro
do you want to open it for me since
you're like you have such a boner right
no no no I don't want to deprive you
doing it oh wait we might have another
phone oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah
look super duper hot today I'm
trying to let my hair get as dirty as
possible about coconut oil and it and
stuff because that's why it looks like
 half the time but it's worth it
because then that means that I can dive
in here fun colors and do not have that
fall out of my head
sometimes it looks really thirsty and
sad but when it looks nice it looks
really nice because I let it get really
dirty um I'll take you on the office
tour yeah I mean it's not hundreds and
done and it still needs a little bit of
work so this is currently our front hall
and then when you walk in we got a
vacuum a little bit here's my keyboard
and still super ratchet paper curtains
which we have not fixed and then so
Julian's desk goes right here now
because my desk used to be over here but
we decided that it would probably be
better use of the space to move
everything onto one wall got a garbage
can Julian's office Julian's things this
is where our beanbag chair was until we
decided that it's super fun in the
living room they haven't put it back
this is our closet and this has like
light stuff my YouTube plaque which we
can't hang because it's so heavy
guitars old like paintings and stuff and
up there as all of my like trophies and
things that maybe I'll show you some day
if we're interested if you're addressing
that's the doggie bed hello Lea chuckle
good girl
our printer this is where I keep some
knickknacks and I like to keep us d
cards in there
because this sounds really fun look at
this got some candles this is my
notebook where I write things in and
then in these drawers it's just like
paper and supplies and cords and in here
I think is like the pictures that I sign
for people and stuff those are really
awesome
because when I first started people were
like can you sign my face and bring any
things I should print out pictures and
bring them so you do that now this is a
graveyard for chords and then here is
like important paperwork and this is
like right there health care
 envelopes whoa
grown-up things and here is the stamps
just some markers oh I miss awesome I
got the suteki cheese which is ooh you
like you put in your coins and you get
two it gives you a job with your new ID
so I got movies sir I was making that
face and this is like a the notebook
looks like old notes from old videos and
stuff so that's I got a new one and just
little knickknacks some money
Oh what kind of money is just what we
got well at the thing is uh rubies
rubies rubies those rubies from India
Julian's recorder phone case and here we
got more like GoPro an old camera I like
headphone cases and hard drive some
candles we got some tropical pineapple
that smells bay and this one over here
is apple blossoms mmm apple blossom whoa
that's my computer and that's what the
government can't watch me oh that's me
naked that's me and Shane Dawson that's
Bob Barker and that's Angela Julie I
didn't get either of those they were
gifts man my friends this is my
bookshelf with some old books on some
notebooks and some friends box that is
my James Joyce award my shorty award and
my stream you
this is my Bram Stoker award and I have
another award from Suffolk upstairs that
have yet to click down here because I
just put in this a different shelf oh
you should just be one and then these
are my degrees Boston University
Suffolk University that someone made
this for me and I promised I would hang
it in my office which is the degree of
getting drunk thank you I think I can't
read Stephen Chen Chad Holly I think
Joel Gerald George Oh God whatever your
name is thanks ishani what's down here
cuz there's not much down here we got
this guy which we use for sound stuff we
used with the podcast before we got some
different equipment these are both I
believe full hard drives so they're
 huge they're really big there's
some of the biggest ones you buy without
you know spending a fortune but
they're very expensive and they're full
of like old videos and stuff because
 he's tapping is buzzing but I
had to get hard drives because when I
first started making YouTube videos I
only had a laptop computer that had so
much space on it and I had nowhere to
put it and so a lot of them don't exist
like the raw footage doesn't exist
anymore people would ask me you know hey
can you send us a file of like how to
trick people anything you're good
looking without the music and I'm like
funny story it doesn't exist anymore
because I had to delete it in order to
make new videos what is the matter you
know getting enough attention so a lot
of my old videos I only have what's
uploaded to YouTube because I don't have
the actual files anywhere which is very
sad so I wanted to make sure that never
had to happen again to have external
hard drives this
I think yep here it is this is my first
computer keyboards probably covered in
fake tan these
Julian actually use this one to cut out
to frame that this magazine but we
actually bought a bunch of these to have
this is the Shane Dawson and I which is
the coolest thing I think probably you
know top two things top one
things ever happened me that's amazing
maybe aside from that one should
probably keep them in a safer place and
this is nails a lot of hooker whoa-oh
you know and then this is Julian
baseball cards and stuff and so yeah
that's my office I'm very excited and
happy that we've finally just about you
know completed this room so that we can
use it and work in it and not be
frustrated because I don't know if you
see this feeling feels like patched and
sort of discolored up there when we
first moved in you know I asked my
landlord cuz the floor the wood floor
looks like it has like some fire damage
I asked them like you know is there
water damage in this room is if
something we should be worried about
good thing about making an office and
you know we're gonna put electronic
things in here is this gonna be a
problem who's like no no sort of fun and
then a couple months later the whole
entire ceiling started leaking
everywhere we had to move everything out
because we were like so paranoid he
fixed it although it still looks kind of
sketch but luckily it's like the middle
of the room so hopefully if it falls it
only like you know grazes the back of
your head and like almost kills you
doesn't totally kill you but we decided
to move everything back in here after he
fixed it but I guess all we need now is
this curtain and you know maybe
sometimes move our beanbag chair back in
here so you have a place to relax in
case you want to take a break but yet
its but it that's our office and do I
say bye
Carmy what are you doing you don't want
to stay honey you're bored that's why
they need a bed in here because the one
year in here working they just want to
sit with you the whole time see you guys
later and if I could get any sound on my
keyboard I play you a song right now but
we need to call somebody to fix that too
because it's currently not making any
sound all the speakers and the believe
it's not the speakers fault that
believes the keyboard salts because it
did fall one time
which I'm not happy about but yeah I'll
see you guys later
sorry for looking really really ugly but
you know sometimes is what I look like
so with me by doing mmm
good bye
