oh girl I know that I look Haggard yeah
I just uploaded what your eyelashes mean
on my channel and I groped about again
whether by choice or by not I'm just
really good at not letting you sleep
because I'm like a forever five year old
and you can just count on me for not
ever wine gourd bitch it's not fun you
know what's fun don't whatever I want I
want to show you some footage from
Kermit's birthday excuse you and I got
like chicken jerky that the dogs really
want right up and Julian just left
because well a little while ago cuz he
went to jury duty he got called for jury
duty I was like you better get picked
because I was a juror on a murder trial
and I was 19 it's a very important
experience to have and I tried to pack
him like some pine nuts and stuff like
some snacks and usually no long time not
sighs just trying to help cuz you get so
hungry and angry but I'll show you some
footage from Kermit's birthday
Julian actually uploaded marbles and
peaches birthday on to his channel so if
you want to see those he already did
those so there's no need for me to take
that footage and make it a blog here so
if you're looking for a peach and
marbles birthdays are on Julian's
channel and then I want to show you like
some things that I like to play the dogs
that they like because I got something
new that I want to show you because I'm
wondering if it works or not so I'll
show you Carmen's birthday then come
back okay meet you back here right here
someone's birthday it's Carmen's
birthday here you go this is one of the
easiest treats to put candles in it's
way easier than a dinner patty Fuhrman
is a your birthday
happy birthday Carmen your thighs
finally my birthday and we do everything
else / Dana's my birthday Oh Kermie
permit oh you fight today
Oh me ready yeah happy birthday - happy
birthday to you fighting dammit not for
you fun doping you love you so much
happy birthday to you
okay bye Nick awaits alright our ball
not for you buddy
bye oh yeah he's like full blown up
there good boy not for you
okay what else here let me just dig
their nose into it like beasts you
weren't totally get some of the others
this stuff sanitary
birthday month is over how you feel down
but your birthday is next next they get
older and really happy and sentimental
and sad at the same time yeah it is it's
like mixed feelings but it's fun that
we've celebrated I think they both
understand all three of them get it you
know especially Marvel he knows
oh mama loves his birthday he hams as a
 yeah you guys are getting some
birthday cake and they all bomb a bomb
oh yeah he was in your bed whoo - I
permit obviously there's a lot of shirt
his birthday you mean he doesn't want
trauma for his birthday yeah so he got
this little pad from point of old - oh
yes nice - great I got them this bed
because they were just sitting on a
pillow over here which I really like
that either they're gonna like it no I
need can all fit on that rather than the
pillow they all have to like head two at
a time
they would force themselves to film yeah
well this is like where we edit so now
they can just hang out and write no it's
great
yes that was Carmen's birthday and now
welcome to the chicken jerky can for
those of you to follow me on snapchat
you know I like to do this sometimes
it's the chicken jerky cam it's chicken
jerky camp yours like you well give
us a chicken jerky so I like to break up
the chicken jerky these are for the
eggies like a little bigger and then I
like to break up marbles look really
nice and little because otherwise it
takes them too long and then the Iggy's
like steal his but you can they can all
totally eat them in bigger piles let's
give the Ickes theirs first
you've been very patient can you say it
it's the chicken jerky camp Hey the
chicken jerky cam good government very
good patience marvel don't worry no no
no mumble don't steal his me and me yes
is the chicken jerky camp you can do it
good boy
the chicken jerky camp chicken jerky
toys all over the floor thanks for
hanging out with me at home today by the
way it's very early in the morning and I
on Thursdays I go through my list of
trending songs for the YouTube 15 and
check out the videos I mean the comments
and I stock people on their Twitter's
and instagrams and Wikipedia pages
lalala then I write out the entire Gucci
15 and we record it in the afternoon so
that's usually what I do Thursday during
the day but since up so early and more
we got some time
girl we got my Tom and I never have any
time I mean to do but I don't but I do
you know what I mean you feel me I
wanted to show you I don't have any
conclusive results yet but so I'm going
to show you Kermit really quick grab me
honey sit so you see how Kermit Kermit
is now officially five and you see how
he's getting these little like tears
around his eyes and marble has them too
it's not like a health concern I don't
think you like to go to this dog place
called healthy spot and it's not like
it's not the cheapest place in the world
it's not the most expensive place in the
world but it's definitely like a nice
pet shop journey and they don't sell
animal so they sell dog food and stuff
like that like for my dog treat videos
where I got most of those like people
grade dog treats
I brought Kermit in there for his
birthday we got to him a bed in like a
bunch of treats and stuff her birthday
and the woman looked at Kermit and she
was like have you ever tried giving him
goat's milk I was like bitch wet itch
wet like why would I give my dog goat's
milk yeah bitch every day give
my dog goat's milk
you know I drink a little few drinks a
little but she recommended that I try
this goat's milk and I don't remember
how to reset how much I paid for it and
I know it's like the this is a dog
version
like they sell peanut butter for dogs
and coconut oil for dogs and stuff and
it's probably cheaper if you just buy it
but because I was there and it's
Kermit's birthday I bought it so you can
check the price if you're looking to buy
something like
but it's basically just raw
goat's milk formula is what it says raw
goat's milk formula and she was like
yeah just feed them like a little bit
every day says two ounces so I usually
pour a little more next to split it up
between the three dogs so they all can
have it and she said it would clear up
his tears from the inside and then if I
wanted to like rub it on his eyes or
anything I can but I haven't tried that
that seems kind of we're rubbing another
animals milk on my animal hashtag
Thursday
a little bit of a dance to feed all of
them goat's milk at the same time maybe
I'll get three dishes yeah even if it
doesn't do anything it feels really nice
to give them a little milk that they
like you know you know I like to spoil
my children I'll show you
honey you can have this one maybe like
two ounces or so out of pocket oh man
peachy
cuz you can have a shot of goat's milk
yeah and we'll do marbles in this little
shallow in here and it needs a little
bit probably you guys want some goats
milk bother you uncle it's no good let's
do the Iggy's first there you go Kermit
peaches very cute like she'll get in
there for a second and then she'll back
away because she doesn't want Kermie to
get mad at her yeah you said I know I'm
at the bottom of the totem pole no no
it's the same as yours drink yours see
it's just so sweet marble you want some
go snug are you gonna drink it out of
here sometimes you don't drink it
oh good dancing you excited okay you
like it honey
you just gotta get over your fear of
like little bowls okay do you want me to
bring it in here for you my ball come on
no one's gonna get it
nobody's gonna get you gotta get you get
it trouble that's the wrong way that's
the opposite way Robin oh right here
this is your goat's milk this one ruble
I don't know how else to help you this
one
how will I was right here no don't back
away don't back away it's right here
how's the goat's milk uh ma'am I will
get it I will get to those milk come on
 child yeah bubble no carnies
gonna get it now honey Oh Kermit marble
yeah marble here marble come on
oh good boy like a true baby Kermit
Kermit let him have it that's not yours
Kermit oh boy thank you honey
I know you just want more hook met three
times buddy
or it's like pretty much gone but good
guys yeah well he drank all your goat's
milk
cuz you took 20 minutes to start
drinking it that's what happens gotta be
quick my PG do you guys finishers see
all gone all gone so yeah I mean we
shall see if it clears up any of their
tier faces but even if it doesn't I mean
they seem really like it it's kind of
fun to give them like instead of a tree
you just give mold goat's milk you
really like it and I want to check out
the price and then see at the grocery
store if you can just get it for cheaper
or whatever I think this was frozen
initial
- yeah there's just a little feeding
time what else you guys want to do Oh
we'll see what we want to do I slept in
my braids yucky oh oh no oops whose
clothes watch bar Bret uh but yeah we're
waiting for Julian's desk to come so
that we can build it and finish the
office I know it's gonna be completely
finished looks like this gets here it
just needs to get here and love wins
today it won today what oh I feel all my
fields I walked it up you judge it wake
up gay marriage was legalized love weeds
so bright um but yeah I just want to
show you guys that stuff and then um
we're gonna build Julian's desk I'm
gonna help by drinking glass of wine
maybe and okay I'll see you later bye
Facebook
