all right so I know I've been really bad
at vlogging lately I never claimed to be
good at it but I see all your comments
all the time and say Jenna yeah you said
that you're gonna vlog and then you
didn't well it's not that I like
committed to it okay so I wanted to I
wanted to pull out my vlog camera
because someone sent a gift to my p.o
box a little while back it's very late
at night by the way
I mean morning I've been up all night
just uploaded my video me eating dog
treats with my dogs but someone sent me
a gift to my peal box a little while ago
and it was very special because on the
podcast we talked about how I was like
in kindergarten first grade something
like that and we grew butterflies and I
talked about the experience of the day
when you like let him go and it was like
the most magical thing ever
so someone and I would have to dig
through some mail to find out what your
name is
but you know who you are you know you
did this I'm talking to you thank you so
much for sending me caterpillars and
insect lore live butterfly garden so I
didn't vlog the beginning when there are
caterpillars because the very first day
peachie got ahold of the cup and had
them outside and I thought for sure that
they were all going to be dead and like
gone and whatever but they just hung out
in there
for like a couple weeks and they ate all
that food down there and they're like
shed their skin and stuff and I thought
like oh I don't want to plug it in case
they're like all secretly dead because
did you kill them but the good news is
they're crystallites I think is with
your calls when they're in this phase
women a little cocoon and they're so
pretty
they're like shiny just like absolutely
amazing but so I finally took them out
of this Cup and I get to put them in
here and I've been waiting and waiting
and waiting waiting to move them into
their new environments and in about
seven to ten days or so they're gonna
turn into dolls these Painted Lady
butterflies
I'm going beyond excited to let a bunch
of butterflies go in my yard and when
they come out like you you get to put
like some fruit in there feeling the
evil feet you can like put sugar water
in the bottom or just like the most
magical thing in the whole world so I
just want to say thank you so much
because like it's a really thoughtful
gift but also like it's the most special
magical than world meal and don't be
happy oh my god I missed it I thought
like I thought for sure that that little
guy the one that the empty one up there
he got darker so I thought he was gonna
come out a but it seemed too soon I was
like no way but there he is it's just so
stupid that I'm so excited I'm so
excited
Oh are we gotta get flowers and fruit
and stuff for him he's ready he's alive
oh well now he's just getting blood to
his wings
he's like stretching his wings out a
little bit did you grow did you get born
you did oh I'm so proud of you baby
butterfly oh oh my goodness you went
through all those changes in that tight
little cocoon and you did it you made a
turnover black eye I'm so proud of you
ready yeah is it time I think it's time
for you guys to be free they're all big
enough and strong enough and they got
their weird butterfly periods all over
the place you guys days John wanna be
free
but you want to come out free will be
butterflies ready wow that's cool that's
special
so they come back so after a few days
like you make spotting around the yard
we're only gonna live for a couple weeks
it's not magical to let him go it's
pretty cool
goodbye baby no back up
oh don't want to fly away you want to
just walk away all right do you grow
those stuff do you owe me this guy sighs
is more different he wants to walk away
but you can fly you can fly with your
wings try them out just feeling around
with those little feelers and stuff you
can fly you know that all you have to do
is believe in yourself
I'll borrow fly he's just looking for
sugar you spoiled now now you got fly
around and find it buddy it's not in
there you go go find flowers BT God
there you go bye bye butterfly he's a
rookie he's drunk
hi last butterflies they do all their he
goes that was so cool these are so like
magical to watch them grow and then let
go I just want to say thank you to the
person that sent those to me to my P o
box
I really had like the best time watching
them it kid it was such a magical day
today to finally set them free but yeah
that was my part flies not freeze to the
world and they're gonna live for two and
four weeks but it's gonna be the best
two to four weeks it will be moving I
think I'm gonna leave some flowers and
like fruit outside so maybe they'll come
around the yard again before before they
go and make eggs lift them all bar fly
and then make new caterpillars that's
really cool magical thank you the person
that sent OC I love them so much and I
asked on Twitter for names their names
were flutter butter fleek
Oh J trap Queen and Reading Rainbow
those I pick from Twitter so the last
one was Reading Rainbow he's special you
need a little extra time so yeah that
was awesome awesome awesome
awesome awesome Oh Caleb ooh blah
