hi friends sorry I've been neglecting my
vlog channel so much it really was not
my attention at all I've just been
having a really really busy few weeks
but I promise you that I have not
forgotten that was going to make more
vlogs
alright I'm making more vlogs so I just
got back from shooting some hey USA with
mamrie I was gone for like four days in
Gatlinburg in Pigeon Forge Tennessee and
I took a bunch of footage while I was
there so hopefully I'll upload that
footage at some other point but I just
had so much fun and any ski sing out
memory I will take and I love we shot a
bunch of stuff for the show we did like
trout fishing and like lumberjack feud
and like all this awesome stuff and for
those of you that don't know it's sort
of like a Vegas in the middle of the
mountains is just so spectacularly like
cheesy and amazing and by far my
favorite moment of the entire trip we
were all done shooting for the day we
went and grabbed some dinner
and then we made it a point to go on
this thing called the jurassic boat ride
which just has 1.5 stars on Yelp like
people fucking hate it it's like
animatronic dinosaurs you get pulled
through on this little boat and like a
half an inch of water it's not even
really a boat it's just the track and we
were like it looks cheesy and amazing we
have to do it and we did and mind you it
was like 15 fucking dollars like it
wasn't cheap and we waited until it was
like super late at night till there was
no one else there
it was fucking hysterical if we were
dying laughing I need to make a video
today I'm short of like losing my mind a
little bit and freaking out but first
thing I wanted to do was watch this
footage and I'm so glad that I did I
covered the mic like half the time it's
in the dark you can't see shit and I
don't care this is the internet I want
to upload a real unedited uncut account
from start to finish of the jurassic
boat ride in Pigeon Forge Tennessee
because it was like one of the best
things I've ever done in my life for
sure by far and so I'm just not going to
touch it I'm not gonna edit it just here
you go
and I just wanted to exist on the
Internet we were fucking living if you
ever go to Pigeon Forge Tennessee and
you don't do this oh oh Kermit's getting
a fly this aggressive if you ever go to
Pigeon Forge Tennessee and you don't go
on the Jurassic
dad you are crazy and you're drunk and
if you don't give it 10 fuckin stars on
Yelp you're crazy and you're drunk but
yeah this is fuckin like fuck man why
not here is the entire jurassic boat
ride in Pigeon Forge Tennessee because
why the fuck not and also at the end
when we're like freaking out the grand
finale is that the boat just like lifts
up backwards just a little bit and I
promise you my video will be up later
today so I'm working on it all right
I'll see you guys later but I mean it's
about to go down
going down you guys ready or what
is it is it gonna open no - 125 stars
not doing anything
okay this never happened oh my god this
is horrifying okay you can see the whole
mail day I see the guys or I see a guy's
a god lol
ah
Oh horrifying is fuck was scary
shitty
are we supposed to be scared of it like
breathing you're right like they're so
scary
so awful like they're the worst fucking
things in the world
fuck
okay it said we didn't get wet what the
fuck we are getting wet I'm getting
fucking wet oh my fucking god oh my god
oh my leg oh my life
laughing gee I don't want it Oh wasn't
it are you yeah he's broken he's asleep
my god
laughs no better fucking not fucking
broken
was not even animal noises
oh my god
you really want to throw a party in here
right I'm so glad that we didn't come
with other people I mean fuck
no no that's just crap
you can hear like general Jin yeah
yeah
okay
yes seriously
what is it doing
I need to talk about a grand finale all
right bye dad no fucking no
screaming is like bubbling
okay I didn't know the boat goes back
way the fluff inhabiting yeah four five
stars five fucking stupid five fuckin
stars
terrifying scary we laughed really hard
oh it was really bad
