you guys want to see a mess look what
peach did oh cool peach that's really
cool trip tall sucking out of a pillow
so I'm gonna have to put that back but I
just wanted to show you I'm dry right
now I'm working on my Wednesday video in
case really Johnny you look like you got
hit by a bus I know it's cuz I've been
doing this shit for like hours oh really
like a lot of work but I made this like
song and we're gonna work on the video
in a minute it's probably the weirdest
thing I've ever done
there's probably the hardest song that
I've ever made because I really wanted
to beat that was like goofy and weird
cuz the song is so weird
I didn't know like we started just
calling Kermit like creaming blue so
that I just decided that I wanted to
turn every word into glue so that's what
I've been doing and I'm gonna play you
some of it but before I do that I just
wanted to say that the on Monday night
we got to hang out with Gina and Jesse
from prank vs. prank boy from vs.
girlfriend which was incredible because
I love them and adore them and then last
night we got to hang on Colleen and Josh
and I hadn't really at like I've spent a
little bit time with Josh and he's like
so cool and amazing and last night was
the first time that I really got to like
sit with kollene like one-on-one and
really just hang out for a little while
and she's just so real and so I feel
very spoiled and very lucky this week
that I got to hang out with so many cool
people but I really wanted to just play
you like a little bit of this song
because it's just I know like did you
ever do stuff like in your brain and
you're like is there something wrong
with me I think there's something wrong
with me this is like I just got to get
it out of my system
it's a catharsis it's a weird catharsis
so that I can act normal again so I'm
gonna play some for you my name is Jenna
and you know what's go Stan
I hope I hope in when it goes all
together then you get crazy you one
another's need one if you really can use
it yeah I don't know I I I'm slightly
concerned for myself I don't know where
this comes from
I don't know what's wrong with me but
it's a good thing that I do stuff on the
Internet is it's not appropriate
anywhere else Jenna just on the internet
I got to get this done and uploaded
because tomorrow morning I write and
record my series show first Sirius XM
you 215 where we play like trending
music from YouTube so like whatever is
training we play and sometimes it's
fucking kpop and sometimes it's rickey
dillion and sometimes it's shit that I
even know about so it's fucking amazing
and then tomorrow in the afternoon we're
heading over to you see I was about like
an hour away but with traffic it'll
probably be like two hours to get there
so we got to go out the door and out
there so I'm going to do like a little
talk and QA and you know meet some of
the students and stuff which is fucking
awesome and anytime that I have an
opportunity to say yes to those like
college appearances and stuff I'm always
like fuck yeah cuz I mean it's just it's
a different group of people you know
it's a group of young adults that have
different questions and a group of 13
year-olds so sometimes it's nice to go
and just talk to some people with you
know different thoughts and opinions and
questions and you know so that's what
we're doing tomorrow night
all right yeah my fucking dick together
I'm like losing my I'll buy Jenna
typically with videos like this I know
for a fact that people like they either
like them because they're so left of
center or they fucking hate them though
this is a stupidest thing ever and
really like I'm getting a strong feeling
that people will hate this a lot which
means that it made me laugh
so you know like every week or so I do a
video the people request and that people
want and then sometimes I just do
whatever I want and this week I just
wanted to turn everything into glue so
I gotta get back to the but I'll see you
guys soon kay bye I love you bye
very dear friends it's me the Irit just
wonder if you've collectively decided
what color the dress is yet no
everyone's still mad you know what color
of the dress actually is Bruce Willis
it's been dead the whole time
Mike you say hi yeah this isn't work
this is vlog i vlog e nice to meet you
that's Mikey who helps Jenna recorder
show ya yo fuckin Josh d-town am i doing
these up angles right because my ass be
fucking tired oh so I uploaded my video
everything is glued it seriously
I've logged for like a couple of minutes
while I was doing the song and stuff and
Julian was helping me just get picture
like one of the things that takes I know
it looks like I fuckin you know edited
it in 2007 and shit alright I've never
said that I was great editor or YouTube
maker but I think I make up for an
insanity okay so at least is crazy but
one of the things that takes the longest
is just like gathering all of those
pictures is so hard and so that's what
Julian was helping me do but then even
with some of his help and a song and
getting all the titles and everything
all in there and all those little things
of glue I basically didn't go to bed at
all what it's just I'm so impressed I
woke up at like 8:30 8:45 and you were
just walking upstairs video like just
hit uploaded I know but I do it a lot of
times I stay up like and either don't
sleep or like get very little sleep on
Wednesday nights and Thursdays because
it used to be that if you know if a
video went late into the night that I
was working on I could just like sleep
on Thursday a little bit before I had to
do a bunch of crazy stuff
you have to also remember that like I
have two college degrees I'm a master's
degree I'm a fucking undergrad degree
something I can't write shit to write
shit all the time right chip for my
fucking videos all the time but
sometimes it's just you know you have to
watch the videos and stock them then you
go down rabbit holes like on their
Twitter's and Facebook's and Wikipedia
is so proud of you it takes a while so
we just recorded the show I have like 40
minutes to make it look like not like
this I get ready and do a hair and like
pick out an outfit think if I do my hair
and pick out an outfit that I might be
able to do some makeup in the car that's
cycle and then try not to act too weird
and tiring it this cue minute
yay the good news is the hardest part of
my week is over my Wednesday videos over
and my serious show is John and then
we're gonna do talk and then I have a
small mean greet like between 40 and 80
people and I'm really fuckin excited so
there's got to get there she's gotta get
their legs over there once we get the
car were like home breathing we just you
can vigil you can not that job but you
need your makeup and just relax for a
second get up really really good job
with the video I'm so proud of that love
it
Balu stick people are responding
slightly better than I thought that they
would because sometimes people just get
really angry
cuz they don't like that stuff and I'm
like what are you doing on the internet
then like sometimes she gets weird but I
really like when people are like this
was outrageous and what the fuck I
should watch this again
that should makes me happy I gotta get
my fucking dick together big dick is so
apart right now
okay bye
focus look look
lago de jong kook what though what up
root so us is such a despite mmm
I tried to do my makeup in the car I
decided to not do it while we were
moving since we're on pace to get here
relatively early yeah because it yeah we
got here pretty early louder
Miasha and neon chomp wished did it and
not time to do anything
style-wise to my hair before we left the
house they heard it like straighten it
or curl it so I was like fuck I even do
some braids knock about my 30 second I
know Julian you're gonna learn someday
that like when you well your man buns
like pretty go to you can do with your
hair it's dirty and stuff that's like
when my hair is filthy you like have to
wear it out yeah wear it down not like
sometimes you're like I'm gonna look
right so then you just throwing some
braids and then really hey that's what I
call inaudible look at you you didn't
look at you you wouldn't read oughta
move you I mean we'll see what it looks
like when I stand up you know like when
I Julien I was right next to us to
Julian like just cuz your hair looks
cute when you're like sitting down
wherever you stand up and then look at
it with your outfit sometimes you're
like wait a second this is wack and I
don't have any like spray tan tones will
like use my darker foundation and my
chest is like it's kinda white so let's
get weird
that's what you learn in college like
all right my work should be done when
it's done sir sleep fine
thank you
I don't know what the world could
possibly gaga's conversation with me
it's like all over the place but I never
know what I'm doing this in life I never
know where going but it's like stuff
like this that I know whatever member
forever and ever and ever and like I'm
just so
hi buddy
I know you're very excited that we came
home and he's still making his little
Sammie clean oh I think he knew we were
going to a really long time it's such a
good time at UC Irvine and we meant
something like the nicest people I've
met at a college campus for sure like
those they're fucking unbelievable
absolutely like I was just so nice and
the Q&A was really nice and I was really
tired but I totally rally didn't and
just had such a good time we're home now
and I just want to say thank you to
everyone that was there and then I got
to hog all my love tank is so full of oh
my god come doesn't want to sit with me
like this you wants to go to karma stuff
don't go to karma stuff call me on your
mommy missed you so much sweetheart
yeah I just wanted to say thank you so
much everyone that came out thank you to
UC Irvine for having me and giving me an
opportunity to come and meet students
and have a talk about life and things
and etcetera and hug and engage and I'm
exhausted because I haven't slept in two
days I haven't slept since Tuesday night
it's Thursday night I'm getting loopy
hello it yeah I'm definitely I'm going
to sleep in a little bit tomorrow before
I live tweet my serious show Brook
tip-off lock eyes locked on my block and
they vlogging in the blue apparently I
didn't get that out of my sister I've
only exacerbated the problem damn it
race Sheila's a bi if I grew up with you
weird different weird weird weird weird
