Julian I got a Bloggie miss Karen Bob
lucky I was so jealous of Julian's vlogs
that I wanted to start vlogging I put so
much on snapchat I was like I really
should just put this on youtube so that
people can watch it for longer than like
five seconds my blog he needs a
new name though yet no students stupid
nobody just give her like an actual name
is that a girl are you a girl
anything about her for a second Laura
Fletcher's call her dolphin oh I got it
block Wow like mock what for blogging
Louis Julian is debating whether or not
to pull some blue cheese out of the
garbage from last night Jenna thinks it
wasn't refrigerated but it was freezing
last night and it's perfectly sealed I
never opened it well Yanks are doing so
good on our diet because we had chicken
wings for cheat last night and then we
saved some of that wrong and now we
might eat them for lunch so Julian's
like oh we should just go pull that blue
cheese out of the garbage that's so long
this is our life right now way to go
peachy girl Lyanna are you having a good
day for dogs huh you having a good day
for dogs you're just standing over here
because you want some dinner patty Camp
it's time for the oh these are uneven
baby we gotta fix it okay oh ho good air
good air okay okay you have to wait Pete
your girl it's the dinner daddy camp is
the dinner patty kiss butt in good girl
cut me up
you got a jump get hops get hops kid get
all good hops here Kermit
that's for you too my ball marble no
listen to me and come when I am call him
where the is he marble no gear no
dinner patty because he'll not come when
mommy calls you thank you for the kisses
I get all the kisses you get no
I mean I look man you look really
handsome today yes you do excuse me this
is not about you it's not about you yes
it's about you sir
rumble easy ah just spit up a bunch of
water Oh Oh gross this is what it feels
like to pet peach okay ready here's your
hand Oh
she's soft and freshest huh doesn't she
feel good do you like that
yes now you can pet Kermit - Kermit pet
camp yes oh now you can pet pgk oh whoa
oh I hope that made you feel like you
were petting them now let's go to the
marble petting simulator hello there did
you find them place to sit
Oh does it feel like you're petting
marble core Picchu did so I set up her
there Kermit's like cat bed that like
sticks to the window like this and Peach
was sitting on it and she chewed her way
through the wire while she was sitting
on it and fell out yes you did you're
not the brightest crayon in the box are
you sweetheart
and then you brought in all the things
that was mommy's and now it's yours huh
you're a dum-dum ha ha I'm just playing
some out those adventure I'm on level 47
that's so much life I have we're going
I'm wearing this luscious coat from Zara
we're going to meet up with Gina and
Jessi for dinner and some drinks
but we're gonna over there because if I
have one drink I can't drive anywhere
such as me am I the only person like
that I'm also wearing jeans oh my god
it's so scared I feel like not like
myself and I'm nervous I'm so happy I
walk I'm so excited to have a block
because I've been so jealous of Jillian
every day that he uploads vlogs about
our life I'm like I want to see what I
did yesterday but guests won't see ya
should show us how you end do it make us
an tutorial
your clothes or she killed or you blown
it tutorial on this tutorial would be
only for to toe you still outline okay
okay well you're I mean look Reagan
mercy was little bigger something you
seem you're a ball so much ever watch
Krish on a vine and he does the leg
singers that are overdoing it I love how
that me yeah you were overdoing you're
overdoing we talked about being friends
with youtubers and working with
youtubers and how sometimes the line is
a little weird and that it's not always
just as easy to like get together and
make the videos but it was one of our
more like real life podcast yeah like I
like the conversation we had it was it
was definitely not like a game or
anything it was a real real talk to some
although I like games feel like I need
some some lip gloss or lipstick or
something what do you guys think let's
go into the other room
pick up okay what's up chair because I
had some RiRi wool dark Shh
I mean I'm in the podcast room well
bracelet I should wear some of those
women wear this one and this huh these
are all still here from my video but
what a girl's jewelry means oh one where
all the bracelets okay the rule of
bracelets is that you can always take
bracelets off and like stick them in
your purse or something when you're like
whoa somebody want a little bracelet
crazy but you can't like leave your
house and then be like damn it should
have worn more bracelets I'm getting and
getting on the floor cuz that's the only
place that I have mirror cuz there's the
patients parents path straight we were
this color lipstick mm-hmm
just a little bit of riri wool mm-hmm Oh
God mmm it's okay not the best ever but
it's gonna do for tonight now we can get
off the floor Trevor put on lipstick and
then you're like ready
what okay invite yourself up I put on
some railroad a like I didn't care what
color Rihanna was gonna put out for Mac
because I was like who cares it's
Rihanna I will buy it and wear it I want
to be here and be on her so she could
have put out like a puke green out of
been like yes sold let's go to dinner
girl you ready yeah this is my chicken
little because the sky is falling this
guy is falling like just got home from
hanging out with Gina and Jessi we went
and got some margaritas and Mexican food
did you miss us yeah I'm the nicest boy
but only to my mommy cuz I don't want
you to know how nice I am because I
don't want you to think that I'm food
right yeah you need to let the world
know I can't eat me I might be little
and I might look like a snack but I'm
not food Thank You Katie
every time Marvel meet someone new I'm
like it's okay mama they don't want to
eat you my bologna kisses noses yeah you
say I'm on Craigslist m4n men for noses
I was wrong all bad
Oh daddy not ever I do it all right okay
that's so enough I know did you miss me
but like I need to live can I live right
let's go get into nest you have to call
your bed the nest cuz that's where you
sleep on your bird probably should've
worn my shirt like this tonight hey guys
me and Frankie and I'm here for all the
drinks and friendship we should be like
friends forever
it was like oh I haven't seen you in so
long
what yes yeah oh I'm so excited to be
here I know me too right uh-huh
I wanted to show you something that I
have never showed you before it was just
where my dogs sleep a lot of you asked
like if they sleep with me of course
they sleep with me what am i a barbarian
so Kermit comes first and Kermit sits
right there like on my belly and
the pillow and then Marvel comes they're
about to fight no Peter you can't be in
his spot he doesn't like that no he
doesn't like that oh he's very dramatic
no it's alright just sit honey come here
and then next my marble sleep sometimes
had to move his little butt because he
doesn't like incremental weird little
legs are in the way a kid's comment and
then he kissed nibble and then Lord
dicks
we sleep like dice every night and
sometimes the mumble gets too hot he
comes and sleeps on my head
and if karma gets too hot you just
sprawls this weird body out and peach
sleeps of Julian but sometimes she
sneaks over and Carl's new karmic this
is so cute oh did you wanna play with
mommy
Oh got your bear honey pissed that's the
only thing in the world Marvel cares
about PG while you do this hey gives me
drop it not yours and you know it
hopefully you want your bear honey no
you don't even want it you just want her
to have that huh
I understand bee gees not playtime money
go lay down
Peter sit sit oh that's it ah looks
snoring noises ah I know it was very
exciting wasn't it drinking my water oh
we're in trouble but they need it don't
we're not gonna go night didn't I 22nd i
won
