I just wanted to make this video because
it's something that I do a lot I thought
maybe we're gonna be that you like um
hey so I have a like a dog backpack that
I tape marbles in sometimes I just like
to carry my dogs and there's all kinds
of reasons that maybe you'd want to
carry your dog maybe they like being
swaddled like Kermit does they like to
be warm maybe you're walking them
they're getting tired and you'd hold
them so there's a way that I like to
create a little homemade dog sling for
your dogs out of a long-sleeve t-shirt
so that's all you're gonna need and then
you're also gonna need a dog so what
you're gonna do it's pretty just like
common sense I've never really seen
anybody else do it have you I usually
just take Kermit and like wrap them in
the shirt part of the shirt and then you
take the sleeves and I'm gonna need
Julian help me so then you just put it
around your shoulder and around your
waist like that and you have somebody
tie them up cuz I've done this like
we're hanging out
we're like having friends over or
something and you know the dogs might be
getting a little bit nervous but they
still want to hang out but they're just
scared of like feet and walking around
already playing beer pong
although Kermit likes to chase the ball
you can just suggest it and now you have
your very own little homemade dog sling
I wouldn't recommend putting a baby
human child in this because it's a shirt
well it has a 100% success rate no one's
ever fallen out of it so yeah none of
the dogs have ever fallen out of it but
like it permits the heaviest dog that I
have he's you know what 13 pounds right
now he's pretty heavy but look at him he
just loves to chill this is Kermit this
is what Kermit discourages weird things
that he's very happy and if you have
like a smaller shirt you can make it
tighter if you wanted to I've also like
double wrapped him in it but like if
you're ever on a walk like it it's hot
and they're getting tired like just
bring a long-sleeve shirt with you and
then you can just keep hiking with your
dog any dog sledding all right I'm just
going to move it a little
he's more like a little baby how's that
is that fun see you now you have your
donkey and you could put your phone and
do all kinds of things hands-free Hey
Girl hey but obviously carpets carpets
the heaviest and it works for the little
ones too and they like it because it's
warm and snuggly and you can do stuff
right yeah it's time to make your little
dog sing for your dog so don't
ever buy a dog sling that shit's like 60
bucks yeah look at them online like
no thanks I have shirts you I'm not
gonna give you my money
look how badass this is and you get a
shirt okay bye
