excuse you so I wanted to show you how I
wash or clean their their teeth all the
dogs now that there's all the dogs yeah
all of their teeth and ears because
they're so many of them and I
used to brush their teeth with like the
toothbrush and it's it's
miserable it doesn't work for little
dogs it's too big for their mouths and
so when a hermit and marbles have both
had teeth pulled in the past because you
know it's impossible to take care of
their mouths with that
toothbrush so it turned into more of
like an occasional thing and on everyday
thing so I'm trying to make sure that
their teeth stayed clean and I found
like these dope-ass I've heard that
there's another brand also but they're
like um little wipes instead of the
brush and then it also found ones for
their ears which they love so I do the
the teeth ones first because they still
don't really like getting their teeth
brushed and then I do the the ears one
as they're like oh that feels good thank
you mommy here not a dick you're
actually helping me so I'm going to show
you how how why Paul they're their teeth
and ears yeah you guys excited I like
the ears I don't like a sheath all right
you ready who's first okay so the wipes
are like this and then you just get a
little teeth yeah you said I don't like
it I don't like it I don't like it I
don't like it that much but I tolerate
oh that's nice you just get your little
gums yeah you get their little gums hey
hey I know you don't like it but it's
good for you yeah oh okay I like I got
to put this down so you can get in there
more why oh that's a very good cumin
yeah that's very good creamy yeah hey
it's all ready for that add bears in the
toothbrush huh yeah your little they're
like their little lips there to like
lift them up in the front and in the
bottom they're way too small to get a
toothbrush in there like it's impossible
but you can do more with like a little
white huh yeah you can do more of the
little wipe oh I'm all the way inside
you cheek I'm all the way
okay okay Carmen you're pretty clean
wait now we gotta do two ears this is
how the
ear ones go that's a I've heard that
this brand divas and studs is coming out
hey excuse you coming out with a little
finger buffs like this for their teeth
too but now you're just using it on your
ears we like that oh we like these yeah
that feels so good yeah
if your dog's like their their ears itch
they really like these and their smell
really good mmm I swear this is not like
a product thing I just like I'm so happy
that I found something that they will
tolerate because they don't they really
don't like being touched you
know I mean on their mouths and their
ears they like being etched on their
ears but sometimes you don't let me
clean your ears very well feels good
I doubt you have to clean their ears
every day but they just they like like
it and then they smell good yeah they do
oh yeah they do they smell good it feels
good Kermie huh yeah oh yes this is your
happy time from mommy putting that thing
in your mouth and brushing your teeth
Mar will excuse you Marbella you're next
oh that feels good huh yeah if you have
a little dog this is a much easier and
better way to clean all of their all
their things because their teeth are so
expensive when they start to get bad and
it should like I feel horrible and I was
like I couldn't do anything you
know I felt helpless about it you try
and brush their teeth and their teeth
still are bad they're purebred dogs so
they have all that like dental problems
and the weird problem look who it is
you're gonna get your ears and teeth
clean to cook Kermit good boy okay I
want to see you need a peach peach or
marble let's do peach because she's here
it's super Wylie it's gonna be
very hard to get you and hold this
because you're just a control okay
oh my god your teeth oh you say I don't
like it that much
oh good girl oh good good she just ends
up biting it yeah oh good girl oh good
girl
no I don't like it no not that much oh
yes very good girl oh happy morning
peach let's brush your teeth and Lee New
Year's she's like I ain't signed up for
this I thought I was gonna come to a fun
place and a wolf pack I'm really very
excited
Oh your breath smells nice no that's my
ear please don't eat it we don't eat it
okay well I'm gonna put the sound so I
can really get her teeth hold on it's
very hard to keep you still honey honey
honey honey honey Lena Lena Lena listen
and then I feet
okay oh yeah no it's not a totally no
and no you think it's a toy but it's not
a totally okay let me get it let me hit
you here
she usually kind of likes this but she
is just rambunctious right now
oh I'm gonna do it was got it oh I did I
got hey I gotta get your ears it feels
good you like it that's my finger
okay hold on ha ha I got you I got you
it feels good place
yeah even or 2 month old puppy says this
is pretty good yeah it does fit pretty
good
oh just we good yeah oh this we good
yeah this we good money
oh thank you I even gonna kiss what we
were doing it I even got the noisy ok
Marvel you ready my brush your teeth on
me I know you would you don't really
like this yeah I know really like it
give me the teeth good boy Marvel good
boy
it's not your favorite huh yeah not my
favorite but no this is really hard to
do with one hand cuz i holding I hold in
my phone that's a good baby oh I know
who's like please no no I just want to
live mommy can I live all could get in
those gums honey okie marvel I gotta get
some more hold on what's here everyone
else wants to be here too huh are you
guys doing my book I know I will say no
really like he might eat clean by like
my ears oh yeah yeah it feels good hey
hey hey I like jumping on me
Kermit got it yeah that feels good yeah
like that oh my yes that you can do this
because you're so patient when you hear
teeth is clean and no you don't like it
peach stop fighting me now that hurts ow
this is my destiny to just look beep
like played with like a toy done I know
no no no I usually give her a toy and
they say no but look up to me oh here's
one of here here any here dis this
cooker oh girl okay oh my god oh it feel
good honey
three dogs three dogs is a little crazy
especially since most of the day I just
spent trying to reteach all of them how
to coexist
yeah they feel good oh we like it so
much
oh yeah these are good these are fun
yeah I like these and then oh your ears
well no no they smell nice young they do
okay and I know good boy good boy I feel
like I don't know if you can do this but
I try and just wipe some of his face off
too cuz he likes when I like get him out
with my fingers so they like wave them
down now you're all clean and ready
brother day
marble aren't you are you clean and
ready yeah I'm clean my teacher clean my
ears are clean yeah feel good oh you
smell so nice yeah it's like you just
take a little little kind of doing your
stuff in the morning now you're ready
for the day
hah marble yeah yeah that was that's how
I clean their teeth and ears because
there's so many of them now and I've
just I feel really bad about their
dental problems so though I knew when I
got them that they were sort of
predisposed to having not the greatest
teeth so really trying to do it every
day so that peach doesn't have to deal
with it but you never know
and especially with old age some of it's
a little bit inevitable but poor little
nip he's missing some teeth all right
but that was that and I'll see you guys
later
I'm gonna keep playing this game called
try and let your dogs not kill each
other
look you look you oh good girl kermin
you good boy yeah and good boy
everybody's teeth in here is clean yeah
your teeth in here's clean all right
philia bye
