a little busy today for body massage a
full body massage look it's time to
start coming and they don't need you up
inside the world was gonna run
I ain't the sharpest tool in the shed
the gun the body massage so I just
finished or whatever that is that I'm
gonna no shoot a video for so it's
Wednesday happy vlog fuck I hope you're
having a good day because mine's been
spectacular thanks for asking make sure
your unsubscribe below while you still
have a chance
I wanted to do a very extreme food Oh to
do it nice Jack's no cure for this but
bout to get sensual and shit enough
inside residual quite like an uneven tan
sees the trick right her you gotta lift
up your necklaces you don't get all in
here
you look cute no yeah I can't find my
fucking electric palette I wanted to do
the colored smokey eye today can't find
the colorful one that I used to do my
eyebrows which I can't find it anywhere
it's about it's missing you know what it
it was a powerful way is it what is it
where you put large amounts of inventory
on the shifting in trucks wait if you
don't can I just watch you do this is
kind of cute kind of neat pussy no what
are you doing stop I can control his
tail stop it oh I'm messing with you I
know we're missing surviving right now
I've been a bit like savor Twitter
because I know we're gonna get spoilers
oh and nobody is so cute can't touch
your weird chest
musical boy feel like I'm vlogging I
picked up your camera to help you
bargain oh I'm bugging it's a guy just a
girl any other message for didn't cam I
just got she got finder power okay did
you guys hide her palette where'd you
put it
and oh yeah check this video because the
song took although it sounds like not
much like making the songs on video from
nothing in one days like it does take a
minute yeah you have to put ours in for
that for that song to happen just
doesn't just have the longest thing on
is just getting myself to not look like
a piece of shit is that creepy
BBB you um uh jeez slowly I'm gonna try
to wear my hair in this part very sir
committal school I don't want the video
to look like a little differently a
little creepier version of me so I don't
want to look like different than if I'm
just shooting a video like a little
different guys what the hell which one
of you guys to that right we're going to
start shooting here in a minute I think
I need to eat and hydrate before we
start but hopefully it's not going to be
forever I'm shooting this on super
intense you would go Bibby wish me look
baby I wish like I wanted to do a cool
colored smokey eye but girl you know I
put on this like maroon red color and it
just like blended into the black and it
just did not stay and it really pissed
me off my whole day and day is ruined
time to get body massage bottom jaw here
we go so we just I think
finished shooting my video and this
beautiful light Julian actually within
like the first five minutes of shooting
it Julian like shouldered me in the eye
and knocked my contact out and like my I
started crying I don't for those of you
contact lens wearers with also fake lash
wears curves throwing up Kermit just
threw up everywhere not even joking
but honey it's okay I'm so sorry you
don't feel good because he's been eating
we cheese food honey honey honey
oh don't look a shielded deal okay
Oh sweetheart you eat too much a wee
cheese food honey
no no no no no no anyways what I was
saying was I don't know about any other
people that wear contact lenses and fake
lashes like once your contact gets
fucked up or like the wind blows in your
eye like makes your eyes water and then
it like ruins your eyeliner and like
your lash glue and you can't get it like
on wet maybe it's just the shape of my
eyes like I'll start crying or like if
it's windy I'll start crying off this
like corner part of my makeup up here
it's the most annoying thing in the
world so that happened like five minutes
into the video like fuck it was so cute
in this windless environment now doesn't
matter but I'm just gonna get to editing
this and clean up that puke because it's
puke and I made it by massage video just
for you so now go to jenna Marbles at
YouTube and make sure you unsubscribe
from that channel - okay can you see
this by the way it's like very fine
amounts of glitter on my face you see
that you know what that is
it's fucking glitter fuck my life which
has a little editing break we watch the
finale of Survivor and oh my god you
just never know what's gonna happen on
that show man ever since we had John
Cochran on the podcast he told us you
just like they don't show you who's
really friends akin you don't know you
don't know I'm shocked
I feel shocked I still have work to do
so I'm gonna be doing this for quite a
while and I'm super duper sorry if my
video is like weird and just weird and
you do exist did it though you get it
though you exist in the blog fan more
than anyone knows
you exist don't mind my god cause I'm
nothing I was just P you need to exist
this I mean they've been asking for it
it was a joke that you start in the
vlogs but after a few logs it was still
funny
hello Joyce yeah I mean sorry I don't
have too much of a hug today because I
was making this so that's the trade-off
is it the time that you'd usually get
body massage in the vlog you'll have a
whole video body massage on my other
main channels so you could go watch that
and you can unsubscribe from that
channel to just you know to red button
yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow
the love fuck happy blood fuck bad
I stole Jenna's camera and there's
nothing she can do about it and now stop
happy Love Bug
