good warping this morning I uploaded the
panoramic photo tag and of course I go
on fucking Twitter and you guys
absolutely destroyed the fuck out of the
tweet edits I realized how much we drop
the ball in our commentary when I saw
your commentary Twitter loved it I was
like I was fucking in tears I was crying
like some of them I was like literally
fucking crying i favorited them and I
fucking retweeted a bunch of them I just
wanted to like put them all together in
a video these are your edits and they
were fucking hysterical I'm gonna like
hear your edits thank you for making me
cry laughing and I framed them forever
in a magical place that can live on so
that we can all laugh okay there you go
you
yeah those are some of my favorite ones
from Twitter and thank you guys for
doing that because I was genuinely
fuckin tickled tickled that was tickled
you tickled your fancy attender tickled
my fucking fancy you already know I'm in
the fast lane Brown alley to tell ya I
love them forever by going to Alaska
peace
Oh y'all ask I don't you don't by H and
O do dance don't you know all right
