I'm sorry for any jackhammer noise
coming from the background someone's
 doing next door I don't
appreciate it so I've been meaning to
upload this blog for a while now a lot
of you on Instagram know of a girl named
Kristin I explained it a little bit when
we were in the car and organ and I was
really sick sorry but obviously found
her on Instagram and she's just like
been my booboo ever since we started
talking and so I went and met her in
Portland and it's not a very long video
because Kristen really she like barely
even let me take any pictures of her and
was like no no no I'm like come on so I
got it like when I posted the pictures
of us they're like she's like hiding
like whatever um but it's very important
to me to meet Kristen and I did and we
were real-life friends now and anytime I
go back there I'm gonna visit her
Kristen you don't come visit me or else
jeez Louise but I wanted to upload this
so you guys could see Kristen and I love
her very much
okay Kristen don't forget I love you
excuse the fact that a little bit I got
hit by a bus
I'm like really I just got like a head
cold and I'm sick and really
upset
stop yeah oh my god this car is like a
boat let's ah Park day um cuz I'm
meeting my niece I'm in Oregon to be my
niece because she was born like two
months ago and I still haven't gotten to
meet her yet and oh god so um this girl
Kristen on Instagram like I've known who
she was for so long because she started
an account called letters to Jenna and
she would literally just write me a
letter like every day like just about
her day and tagged me in them
see them and then you know she started
an account where she would post pictures
of me like old pictures of me and all
kinds of stuff like that and just that
she like loves me and everything and I
was like this girl's really cool
I should just kick it like live in life
telling me about her day brunette
friends and then she really wanted to
get my name tattooed on her and at first
I was sort of like I don't know like
maybe you could get something that was
like symbolic like you know she's like
no I'm going I'm going to get your name
tattooed on me I would like it to be in
your handwriting so you and I was like
all right yeah I should I owe her that
much I should just write in my hand
right she's gonna get it anyway so I
can't stop her but she really wanted it
so I run it out for her my handwriting
and I'm like I gotta meet this girl
sometime because she's really
just like I don't know there's so many
times where like you feel weird and sad
and and I need Kristen as much as
Kristen needs me so it's it's I made it
a point next time I was in Oregon to
come visit Kristen because I don't know
she like really good friends good like
means a lot to me you mean good yeah
you're closer than friends I know
there's like some connection yeah
they're like my friends yeah so she's
where's she now um I don't know she's at
a Starbucks and we're gonna go look we
Julianne helped me facilitate this um
we're gonna go meet her to Starbucks and
just like hug and get weird so I
promised I'd meet her so okay I just
feel a little sick that's all like like
what just really got hit by a bus god I
never ever ever get sick either let's go
get caffeinated meet your friend let's
go
I know what are you gonna find Kristen
I think she's inside because her picture
was from inside
this is crested so yeah that's all I
have of me and Kristin meeting each
other but uh for those of you that know
who she is on Instagram that that was a
big deal I was a big moment and I'm
really really glad that I went and met
her like part of that conversation like
as soon as we sat down I was like
Kristin you realized that we totally
could have like catfished each other
like you caudally totally could have
just been like some weird middle-aged
man and I totally could have been not me
at all but everything was was great and
I'm very very happy that I got to meet
her so that's that alright love you bye
