Jenna has new ukulele and his name is
Kevin Kevin and after Kevin Youkilis I
got him yesterday I've never played
before and I'm really learned like four
chords and now all I want to do is play
Kevin Youkilis that's all she has been
doing it's not all she wants to do and
she's gonna play a song and we're going
to sing - I never played a little guitar
before very excite it is excited is the
excite all right go ahead my name is
Julie this is Jana with her new annoying
friend
I'm not even singing to the time we're
not gonna sing songs with Kevin you're
gonna be condescending kevin has no
feelings she's just a stupid instrument
I meant it and you're a little midget
guitar you have to at least do it to the
music - half-assed excuse for a guitar
here's me
is Kevin named after that traitor who
went to the Yankees like a big fat dick
evan is a mama's boy and all he does is
sick his mom's farms and she embraces it
is it my turn to retort it's your turn
to retort Kevin is my boyfriend I really
like Kevin Kevin I like so much cuz he
is hot Julian he is my new boyfriend
have you seen a fucking handsome he is
he's made out of wood on like you you're
all gross and humid E gross
that's all gross gross you're gross just
a joke marker
I love you too it's hard for me to sing
input because I just figured the cop
kind of play it
so much Kevin got into this country
illegally
he is really nurtured and doesn't have
any papers I'm saying the racist
Kevin is a little lately which and z-e
and that means he's automatically a
little pussy stop talking about Kevin's
vagina Kevin has a gaping hole on top of
his body that it is a vagina
how are you recording I thought I had
just phase left and it is a vagina it is
a vagina china kevin is a vagina he's a
little vagina he's a big brown vagina
with four strings across his vagina he's
a little badger
