we tried to feed Kermit his chicken
first so that he would let marbles have
his birthday but you're still here
waiting to get into Marvel's birthday oh
I got a new collar and I got a new bow
tie for my birthday marbles how old are
you why was your six today it's your
sixth birthday yeah buddy
we know you said blue where's mine you
got a little heart cupcake and we got
some chicken from Chipotle and we
couldn't fit the candles in there so
we're gonna light it on a bagel so
ghetto okay we're not gonna eat the
bagel though we're just using it to blow
your candles out because candles and
chicken don't mix oh this is hot
Kermit no crime is on your birthday it's
Marvel's birthday and you already got
chicken before the birthday boy yeah you
did you got your chicken early crying I
mean
okay so Mars you're six today and you
have one for good lucks you have seven
candles okay my mom oh honey oh I'm
scared of that higher scared I'm scared
my why sing happy birthday
well Z birthday what was you care you
want chicken you want chicken for your
birthday okay well I saying yeah happy
birthday to you happy birthday to you
happy birthday dear mr. marbles good
singing Kirby are you ready before two
candles yes like I'm terrified
good boy
you want to get on the table and eat
some birthday chickens Angie come here
no you want some chicken boy birthday
okay you can ease the cheek oh he needs
another commit creamy Yuri ate your
chicken good boy Bart when they're
taking one leg in his throat see you
it's Molly little pieces okay I'll give
you a piece Kermit is a birthday no but
I want his trick here birthdays in
fifteen days
okay my encourages had an entire serving
of chicken so that's his re a chicken
face
Chipotle moment you pull a for my
birthday
hey I love to pull eat spicy good my
good at mama he six what happens in
another 12 days decays what's an eight
days fifteen eighty six credits
birthdays on the 20th which one no then
you're gonna be bored and then you get
to wind some more about all the chicken
me feed you
thanks bagel
