you know I started off the head and I am
officially behind on vlogmas julia and i
both woke up kind of sick this morning
we had some Italian food last night and
we woke up and both immediately took
Dramamine like the non-drowsy kind cuz I
don't feel good damn I was mid-sentence
with Gillian that was like I feel like
I'm gonna throw up
and I have to finish my blog from
yesterday even then you
that's a minute give me one thing who's
wrong who's wrong who's wrong shake
groan do you think rope do you say groan
did you sing from your wife dog you like
where are you from waffle and Julian are
having a waffle and Julian meeting
that's Rome's husband if you watch my
vlog the other day when I was taking
back and cheese bites I put a package
that I found on the counter I was like I
don't know what this is and I put it in
the fridge yeah I don't know what this
is
those are brownies that Julian made the
other day she goes babe where are my
brownies like oh I think I put those in
the fridge the other day he said I want
brownies and I start looking in the
fridge for that I go oh can I have some
brownies and what it what did you say
yeah you can have some if I get some
first and more first and more yeah you
can have some but I want them first and
more first and more wait why are you
hitting me love that's what you did was
around I want some I want some cold
brown banana in there tournament you
guys really you are not you are not
Julian wanna dip on the go oh you know
see me mess that's my boyfriend you got
a problem say it to his face
pictured some burning wood
oh oh oh oh my god
put someone put you back in your cage
week okay get this off his nose ha ha ha
hell no I kneel right stuck on you
fanfic okay so we haven't done anything
festive for vlogmas at all nothing
Christmassy not a single thing so we are
gonna go over to target and we're each
going to have $20 and we're gonna try
and buy each other $20 gifts the target
because it's fun like blowing in your
ear like a soft whisper wind it says but
I already have an idea of what I'm gonna
get Julie oh it should be pretty easy
for me I'm interested to see what Julian
gets me for $20 we say this every year
and Trillian always breaks it so I
really hope he doesn't this year if
you've been following any of Julian's
blogs you know that back in August we
got a couch and it's finally coming like
hopefully fingers crossed today or
tomorrow which would be the best thing
in the world it was kind of expensive so
that's like what we're giving each other
for Christmas this would be like a
little nice $20 gift we get for each
other because that's all you do when you
love somebody you give them gift the $20
attack romance brother picking up remain
face massage God little Tom with the
face inside well boys let a lot to
handle he a little bit yeah I'm ready
we're gonna head out and yes we were
wearing matching sweatshirt
hi Mary breakfast did you tell me you
got this Richard Josh Elkins sent it to
us
Thank You Josh you're the best you'll
hit me up if you want a platonic
friendship inside beep
feedback will be neck forward did you
tell them that sir I'm sure they know
fashioned a few years look it's got 16
miles an hour isn't Julian was trying to
he's asked me he goes what's this song
and he goes beep bop boop beep bop boop
beep and I was like you Tom Ford by
jay-z he's like yeah yeah this that's
how the song sounds it goes beep bop
boop beep bop boop beep
Tom for so then we love the show Bates
Motel and there's a character and like
season 1 or 2 or whatever it is they
whoa Nick Ford so every time you jump in
a scene we go be Bob will be Bob will be
Nick perfect and then we sat in front of
Rome one time it was like what the
you guys talking of mech forwards like
why are you guys sitting neck or word so
it turned it and we're like how'd you
get into this country though be the
stupidest thing in the world I hate
myself for telling that story I'm so
sorry unsubscribed now below I just
figured out that Julian doesn't know who
the dream is the singer you talking
about a dream you found the dream the
dream team I know what that is yeah
remember walking on the moon doo doo doo
doo doo doo doo walking on the moon
that's my original cover it's an
original and to cover I'm getting a call
book section was looking
there goes that idea I already done baby
Nestle Star Wars Lego set 1909 started
um all you have in my basket is that
rope I got Luigi your partner I want to
get well you better figure it out
did you did you get me ammo Anna toy no
okay so you can give me the rock from
Alana's actually you know I didn't I did
get a new one of these because they're
older and we're still cut up it doesn't
line up in it do we accept me like 20
bucks
I just just give this to Julian and then
the Lego says let's do that Julian
hasn't figured anything out yet
wandering around
what to get I'm just killing time
looking at all the photos are you done
yeah yeah yeah I got you something
where'd you get me wait are we doing
this now well we're gonna have to check
out it so I do it especially romantic
we're doing a little target and like
screamed okay you ready yeah I got you
this no it's Simone it's a string like a
reject it's a garland it's 1999 is that
really what you got man yeah I got you a
way more fun gift
all right I'm kidding I also that two
board games ruined my family's here I
got you this Star Wars Lego Jango Fett
oh wait what do you mean another I have
the stormtrooper not Dane Gengo Fett oh
okay
I love this one though is that for me
yeah oh thanks I got you this you can
paint your own desert well oh that's
fine art yeah we do it with me alright
there we go
tell them what you just said to the
checkout lady got some gum your said he
said why I said good gum is hard to come
by and I just shook my head and she like
belly chuckled at it oh yeah sure you
appreciate in how much driver is
gonna drive out of the edge of the
parking uh goodbye everybody here check
out lady doesn't laugh at your gum pun
so that's what you do I just jumped
through the sliding door who's your
favorite Star Wars character mine's
Chewie
mine's friends are we meeting wait does
your dad watch either of our vlogs you
know you like to see her and he's
freaking infrequent I think he'll check
up on me okay but does you know that I
have a clogged channel pretty sure you
does because when we are in Toronto I
made up a song called friends Alameda
and the Sepik say things they're not
true at all they're just like completely
made-up and then I would explain bids on
the meter yeah no that's my dad
the judge said the most long with a
putter frito fun time he traveled across
the country in an RV and didn't stop for
gas watch Fred tell me he loves
Mediterranean food he's French sell the
pita yell at him when you're hungry come
to France Olive EDI let me show you
unsubscribe below just as a bread button
it says subscribed just hit it again and
just unsubscribe oh oh don't get up sir
PG Queen guess what mommy and daddy got
you a little present for me you can
share it marble you don't want it
because there's nothing to buy for you
at the store you just don't need
anything except for hugs can you find it
in there do you know which one's yours
can you find it in a good Oh God happy
early Christmas cuz mommy has a problem
she can't go to the store and see a rope
and not get it for you I think they like
it
no Carlmont you give up he went back to
the bag that's it but there's no other
toys you guys can share it sorry I
didn't mean to make you upset I saw it
here do you want the task share but
that's fun I mean you're hogging it bud
alright see this what you're doing now
is a selfish now you just as bad as we
cheat I know what'll make you guys share
a nice little bottoms
massage your father was
you told by there's no any man I think
you left full body massage backwards and
forwards moving your form in all kinds
of different directions with a massage
then I move my hand your real body
massage face motion tons of the dune has
a good day I'm sad and scared and
nervous and good little nervous
obviously because I'm so there
look at old man at the blood pump or why
you cry under why you crying because you
want this fight we have 300
