all right so this is Julian and that's
some delicious carbo light it's vanilla
cinnamon flavored is good and
occasionally the dogs like to eat some
ice cream because it's sweet and tasty
don't worry there's no chocolate the
Julian's gonna feed in that's just a
little Walden Farms chocolate syrup but
you just going to feed him a little bit
of the cinnamon vanilla and Marvel has
Marvel nisha and sometimes forgets who
Julian is throughout the course of the
day so he gets mad even when Julian
tries to do something very nice for him
like feed him a little bite of ice cream
so it looks like this he thinks like
Julian's trying to steal it from him or
something Kermit's getting very upset
all right sit Marvis it bubble sit
so greedy Glen town and then this one
okay that was good
you like ate the whole spoon um good boy
good boy my room will be like that a
screaming
