oh my goodness
ah okay so guys stop fighting um a lot
of you guys know that I went to Hawaii
because way back in like July some kid
asked me to will not some kid his name's
Danny asked me that his marine ball um
on October 7th or something in white so
I went with him we had a lovely stage um
and I know some of you guys are probably
in Anatomy because I didn't vlog the
actual ball and I just wanted to I do
have some clips from Hawaii that I'm
going to put at the end this video but I
just wanted to tell you why I didn't
vlog the actual ball because there's a
couple of reasons for it one who it felt
totally inappropriate in the moment uh I
had my phone with me um
you know I never I've never been to any
kind of I don't know marine or Army or
maybe anything nothing like that um so
you know it's it's they do a lot of
playing trumpets and freezing your
country and lalala and it was really
cool um because I've never seen that but
I I liked it just felt wrong it felt
inappropriate like there were people
there like a lot of them were either
deploying like I don't know how it works
they're going home for a couple of weeks
and then deploying to Afghanistan so for
a lot of these people like there's
couples there there's people married
people had their babies so for a lot of
people it was like kind of sad it was
like kind of like their last you know
it's a little formal Dancy have fun but
then you know there were a lot of people
who were sad there and it felt
inappropriate holding my phone from my
facebook hey everyone i'm jenna Marbles
ooh now I need to plug this like you
know I just wanted to be respectful
secondly I also want to make sure my
date Dani hey Dani had a good time um I
felt selfish of me to be like oh I need
to make a video so everybody hold the
fuck on so that I can make a video
I just didn't feel right and third of
all I also don't know the rules of the
Marines so like if I were to get people
in the shot that you know didn't want to
be on camera or if they said something
and then I uploaded it cuz I didn't know
and then they got in trouble I don't
know the rules of that so I wanted to be
you know mindful of the fact that you
know people might not fully understand
the consequences if they say or do
something on camera and then I upload it
so I wanted to be respectful in that way
as well so I did do my best to vlog a
little bit while I was there so I'll
share those clips with you now but I
just want to let everyone know why I
didn't actually vlog at the ball because
I thought it was just weird and bad and
not a good situation but I had a great
time and Thank You Danny for inviting me
and yeah so here's a clip of my way no
one wants to say goodbye know they're
biting each other fucking assholes
alright here's some clear
oh my god fucking never if you wish
you're not gonna jump
cowabunga
when she don't over
Wow
trees
what a crappy vlog that says I am
apparently in the world's largest maze
here looks like shit and I don't really
understand what we're doing right now
we're walking around in this giant
fucking maze to color in secret stencils
at different boxes located around the
maze the really all town dead-end really
all it's happening is that I'm just
getting more sunburned and starving and
also thirsty get screwed yeah
I've only been in here for like five
minutes and I'm already over it
yo dude just lie to sense we're in
Hawaii let's go with motherfucking Beach
or some shit we're walking around a
fuckin maze it's not what I signed up
for
we're at the Dole Plantation we saw some
pineapples that was cool
and we saw a giant like muskrat squirrel
thing which was cool fucking puddles
everywhere I'm really I'm like mice I
can feel my skin dying on my body
so Harry no turtle backpacks making me
turtle hot you know how it is to walk
around with a bag pick the Sun get
sunburned go jump back in that waterfall
fuck oh my god I'm going anything here
we go having fun sort of but really I
think my skin's dying like later today I
might be able to move badlands it's not
quite as hot as the Badlands but we have
not been out here for five miles yet so
you never know where you dress whoa
we gonna watch fuck
yeah that's what's happening oh boy whoa
guess what guess what's happening now
we're still walking through maze that's
what's happening here why does it look
like that fucking awful
oh hey look this guy that was cool let
you know if I ever get out of here if
you never see me again
because I'm walking around in this maze
I'm not sure I can fit through here with
my turtle bay hey and Hawaii kid like
really connects so what you want to do
this is great
this is so great okay can't stand it so
fucking great just having a whale of a
time
it's gonna beat hot oil swimming and
stuff cool water I'm thirsty I'm hungry
boys marbles horse creamy why are you
guys hey Missy okay I gotta go because
I'm going to slowly die in this giant
maze full of screaming children they all
smell like Suntory yeah alright so
keeping I guess and theme with the trip
went to the marine ball now we came see
Pearl Harbor hello can you see that I'm
so bad at making videos God and it's
lots of cool stuff here
but it's definitely to downer really
pretty sad yeah unless it's alright next
Max is an insensitive jerk it elicits
deep thoughts yeah the the museum's
pretty pretty heavy stuffs pretty
intense so marine ball its Navy scope
hit up some army stuff things we didn't
buy tickets to go on that boat so we can
only see in the
yeah
I could never be in some
I would be terrible at summer it's been
real
all right so I'm sick by to Hawaii
but it's time to go and I really miss
Kermie and marbles so novo I had tyvan
such I'd pee out on the beach is worth
we missing my little angel baby so it's
pretty beautiful and think I might do a
vlog when I get home talking about the
ball it's tough because sorry sorry
don't feel like sitting down talking my
computer when I hit the fucking swim the
ocean fuck fuck so yeah I'll probably
tell you guys about it when I get home
