no Kermie worm with the dead whereas
look at this one is like you're so sad
looking Kearney why'd you do that who
looks like freshly killed and dead this
is like rat number ten I know you're
killing Nana
ah no Kermit
no no dead rats why do you do this to me
huh why do you think that I want these I
don't really want them that much no
honey I don't want the rats I know you
think I want the rats what I don't know
I don't want the dead rats no no no no
what the why oh you sucker me on a
poor guy yes we're going to say a prayer
for you and hope that you go to rat
heaven because my dog killed you before
it was your time sorry mr. or mrs. rat I
apologize
you just can't help yourself
mmm all right goodbye rat I hope you go
to rat heaven or wherever dead rats go
when they were good because I don't
think that you deserve to die okay bye
