baby dick party define loss because I
was nothing and then you know my partner
come it's trash we lost 2-1
leave me a power song right now because
listen two sets caught your wrist in
half
kill yourself playlist and I'm like yes
mommy anyways we fucking lost the set he
played us warned against - Gabe and his
girl Nicole just lost a set two times in
a row
sathya's run trained on everybody
alright so I know a lot of you guys have
been following the the H will rise stuff
with the Planet of the Apes so we are
gonna watch the video of the ape
shooting an ak-47 and what is this about
that is a whore glide come on come on
son
don't egg him on yep evolutionism
motherfucker
that's what did you think of that video
quite a friend and it was very yeah derp
- no I thought that shit was fake as
fuck that's a real video that's fake
which one it's like a gorya catching a
baseball from the news like Jowett on
the bottom like sponsored paid for
produced by July of course I did not but
so is the iPhone app sees this game over
because they lost I'll put the link in
there if you don't have an iPhone you
can still play on the internet but see
it's just like the memory test and you
have to remember where the squares are
I'm gonna feel out that the iPhone is
like makeup all over it so money mask
look I'll do worse ok but the video that
will keep playing the memory test that
shit was real we won't allow my we are
long he would do if he went to mock
Walmart floral boy Schwartz get one of
its closest stripper monkey friends and
fucking pop that coochie in a fucking
shopping cart excuse me basket we're not
from Alabama she's making groceries I
really liked she buying some Aziz
maxi-pad she keep a body clean
how's that we're gonna check out you're
gonna check it exactly because you know
hygiene is very very important right
thirsty Thursdays hello College those
videos yeah so hurry now
feels like fucking a bitch crying Aegina
it's totally that how do you explain
that how do you explain the time god
that's why the racerback Summerhill man
yes sir bad it's a recent back Wow he go
along but he's gonna what does that
remind you fucking like I don't know
like Hulk Hogan I expect match like oh
you're right yeah rest in peace Macho
Man Randy Savage if you're in heaven
party party that's like a good thing I'm
Ustream someone always says you have six
bananas where is the blue monkey
hashtag mobs will rise
and then they saws this little memory
game problem that you have know then he
points out that the memory game is
tricky yeah subtly hypnotizing that mean
rise
all right we're going come um you want
to come me in the media goodbye okay
we're gonna go
