we woke up there's that one out last
night with Kim to celebrate her show and
I got drunk and then I fell asleep with
all my makeup on that's why it looks
like all fucked up that girl in the
video last night was I'll shoot sane
I love falling asleep I make a fun cuz I
like waking up beautiful I was like when
I fall asleep when I make a bond and we
got married I'd not look beautiful the
opposite and beautiful a hot mess so
that's what you get today a big hotma
look at this shirt how sick is this
shirt no sleeves hey yeah alright so um
I wanted to make this video because I
wanted to do something that people were
asking so someone asked more than one
person ants but recently and then I
remember it and I was like hey I should
do that someone else's well the only
next look doing my fake tan oh my god
I'm such a mess Wow someone was like
what show us your workspace like what is
your workspace look like and my I want
to ask you a question dear God why why
do you want to see all that you've seen
some of it in like some of my videos
right around the house and stuff but
there is nothing really to see here such
a mess yeah mess I think I'm drunk
oh my job I all I know is that I'm gonna
wait a little while to operate my motor
vehicle do that so I will show you what
my workspace looks like I can promise
you it's going to look exactly like what
you think it would look like and nothing
more I have to be very careful because I
I don't like have a good camera so that
sees my computer with my eyesight which
is what I shoot all my videos on by the
way but you can't see but the power cord
like my battery or my MacBook died so if
it comes unplugged it shuts off so this
is where I make my videos right here at
this table that's what you see in the
background you gots bad mood and the
reason why I use this room is because
it's one of the only room with like
windows to see all these windows so it
has light because my house look at the
ceiling that's the kitchen in there
that's one of the only rooms with like
an overhead light most of the rooms in
this house don't have overhead lights so
I have this light and that light over
here just doesn't really work and
there's a washer and dryer oh we got a
cooler and my smoothie cup there's an
underwear from yesterday and some
scissors and the rock star
and a towel and there's the whisk and
the bounce in the washer and dryer then
I stare at all day long here so yeah I'm
gonna come sit right here and my old
videos I had a different table here so I
was facing this way and my table was a
little bit higher and it like worked out
okay but now I make most of my videos
facing this way because the light comes
in smoke there and it makes less shadows
all over the place that it's less
confusing to people and figure out
what's happening you're going to be okay
good so that that was my workspace
that's what it looks like and I hope
your burning desire to know what it
looks like has been fulfilled oh I bet
the only reason why I like
spot two is because it's right by the
back door oh yeah can you see that
that's a bad noise
there's the doggy door and the boys go
outside um so I just usually leave that
door open right or like so that I can go
grab marbles if he starts barking in the
neighborhood cuz marbles likes the
barking grass growing and things like
that so yeah that's why I like to sit
here so I can I can be a better
babysitter to my babies yeah was it
everything you expected it to be
are you are you so blown away all right
