I know I look like trash but we've been
meaning to do this video for so long I
don't like how long a year more than a
year it started in the car Julian would
be driving and I'd be like dancing you
kind of started I guess cuz he wanted to
feel like he was dancing without being
an irresponsible driver so he would take
one of his hands and start dancing to
the music like this with his hands like
an otter him yeah we started calling it
odd it is and then we would do it
together at the same time and it looks
really cute so we always wanted to make
like a little otter dance
it's so that's pretty funky but
we're getting better well look at some
of the that we're doing right now
most of its like this and things like
this this is the audience we're doing it
together but then we came up with this
where you're like you put your arms
around each other and you do this hand
together together and then you do a
science thing we have wings
no this one is my favorite this one so
you start with this clap then you add
your own hand why is it so funny like
this inside clap really kills me I just
try to get out I put my hand down like
this and then you chop its head off
no make it out over there
we're shooting our other hand dance whoa
my moved a couch around we just made a
lot of dance um we're gonna do with our
hands so how does your Saturday go my
ball hasn't eaten all day
Marple are you on a hunger strike why
are you doing this for what is your
cause what are you striking again are
you fighting against world hunger you
don't have to be too concerned though he
does this sometimes where he just
doesn't eat until like the laid up we
fed Kermit and peach and they both sat
there and ate their food and then Marvel
just didn't even go into the kitchen
just didn't even bother what are you
getting this for is it for the
environment then at like 2:00 in the
morning he's like ravenous he also
really did not want to go on that
walkie-talkie I was taking the dogs for
a walk today
um sometimes I take the eggs alone
because they can go fast I took all
three of them today and marvels wouldn't
walk he wouldn't walk we walked a third
of the way down the block he took a
he peed and then he refused to walk he
was just like pulling and even when we
were moving he was tugging like you know
consistently pulling back and so I
picked him up and I carried him
he the only time he does that is when I
walk it Jenna will never have that
reaction no one cares about me you
always look so worried her dad pet each
other pet bury each other
scratch each other scratch scratch each
other
beside each each other my massage each
other by masaki duck Dodgers hi I'm REE
Drummond Pioneer Woman blogger
photographer my kids can't I'm Tate
and tater just kidding it's Sunday night
and julia has gone away to do Julianne
things so there's only one thing to do
welcome to my boyfriend's out doing
things and I'm home alone kitchen like I
said today is Sunday night I'm just
gonna go put this back where it belongs
and you saw his eat on Friday night
which was kind of cheap meal I mean this
whole kind of month has been cheap month
because he got in a car accident and
it's really hard to like be really good
about your diet when you can't move your
body Oh
traditionally on Sunday nights we have
like a really good Chiti cheat meal
helps keeps your sayin revs up your
metabolism a little bit unless you've
been eating crap all week in which case
that doesn't work Julie knows I'm
cooking something right now but he
doesn't know what and I think you might
have figured it out because we talked
about it I don't know what this is I'm
going to attempt to make gluten free and
vegan neck and cheese bites
 no no the only thing that
I'm worried about a time but also be
I've never operated the deep-fryer by
myself yes we have a tape fryer we got
it recently for Thanksgiving because we
deep-fried and breaded these like little
chicken finger type things we like put
some extra rosemary and stuff in there
so tasted like Thanksgiving turkey and
it was fantastic we've been thinking
things I would like to deep fry and mac
and cheese bite is one of those things
so I'm gonna make his favorite mac and
cheese when we put bacon bits in it
which for those of you oh my god which
for those of you that don't know these
are actually vegan because they're made
sure which is a wonderful thing for me
but also kind of blew my mind I
was like mcCormick you done tricked me
from my whole life boys I'm gonna put
that in there then the trick I guess is
that you have to put them in the fridge
then take them out shake them then put
them in the freezer then drag them then
deep fry them so it might take a hot
minute for me to do this that I'm gonna
try my best because I'm REE Drummond and
my boyfriend isn't here and this is a
cooking alone I got my mac and cheese
boiling it is this kind this one is
Julian's favorite the day a deluxe wet
Chet is the veggie ooh that's the cheese
sauce I'm just gonna let that cook for a
minute and like any good housewife
that's alone what her husband is out on
the fields and the ranch cut and fensky
gonna have an appetite when he gets home
and I'm gonna sit here have myself an
adult beverage no not wine I'm having me
Alec rocks
as quick sees the mac and cheese is
drained got the sauce on it and also
just a little bit of kite hill chive
vegan cream cheese because Julian loves
that stuff more than he will ever love
me as a person and now I'm going to put
some bake ups in it because this is how
you make it oh I also got to put in some
chili flakes because Julian likes like
that this next couple seconds is brought
to you by a noise I know some people
really don't like it's called Mac Mac
wrong
massage mac and cheese massage alright
that's over make sure you unsubscribe
below I was cooking along for my man you
know just doing read Roman and I
ran out of time in my beard okay walk to
him now you can help me yeah I'm just
such a good housewife with you guys look
dinner okay freeze done
how long do they have to freeze for so
every much fun because of my current
level of inequity Doolin's gonna help me
this is I guess the trick to it and it's
going to paint grateful this is like
legit 10 out of 10 horse I've ever done
in my life you make it seem so easy we
got all the balls in the freezer I
figured out a trick farther in that you
just need to let them freeze for longer
so that they stick together easier and
you get them really condensed in a ball
we're gonna have to work quickly cuz the
warmer they get the more they fall apart
we're gonna threaten with flour dredge
them in fake egg and dredge them in gold
and gray bread crumbs and then we go
bloop blop blop igus in the deep fryer
and then hopefully eat that flour egg
then breadcrumbs where they are squish
them down one at a time and then get
them all in there ten out of ten hardest
recipe ever I mean not really but sort
of I'm scared
this is the first batch these
breadcrumbs aren't the greatest but we
know that that's what we have well
depending on how this batch goes we can
anyway before we start on inspection
yeah why don't you even cut one open
yeah Wow look at that are they hot on
the inside they're cooked they're not
cold okay but they're not like that
death hog just damn talking that it's
like really good very good
we can do some without the breadcrumbs
just do flour
well spawning that back because the
breadcrumbs are just cornmeal so it's
really corn mealy this round we did just
flour and egg wash and another round of
flour even with the cornmeal Ian thread
from like I spikes the magnet cheese
pretty hot it's pretty dank Krieger you
just balance it's like labor-intensive
it's a lot of work but it's really fun
way to eat you mac and cheese that is
not good for you not good for you no
come on he ended his hunger strike by
the way he ate a bunch Oh interesting no
pie crumbs Wow though so this one has
the bread crumbs versus the ones that
are just flour Julian loves this like
batter if you look up like fried chicken
seasoning with the flour it's basically
that it's like every spice in your
pantry in the flour is fried chicken
seasoning that era where are you please
so don't bother with the breadcrumbs the
breadcrumbs do give it a like extra
crunch I kind of like it with the
breadcrumbs I guess either way it's like
if you have breadcrumbs so you can do it
that way
if we don't it's not what you put in
here being blue cheese and hot sauce
uh-huh a lot of hot or in terms of the
recipe is it worth it I mean certainly
not time efficient you're short on time
this is not the recipe for you more
probably just for the novelty of it and
this made way more mac and cheese balls
then we can eat like a lot of leftovers
so a lot of work it's very filling and
over-seasoned everything like in order
to get it tasting
good just make sure you over season like
every overseas everything so I hope you
enjoyed this kitchen and brought to you
by me REE Drummond and I'm gonna go play
with my kids tad and Todd and Tate and
tater this ride you walked right into my
trap here for the boobie massage just
kidding you're gonna sit down here Carl
that's where you're moving milk comes
from cos you're gone if you're looking
for that mac and cheese you don't even
like this massage get out of here with
your own grateful body I'm REE Drummond
and I love my family and kids and take a
turn at our Pinot and tada Tina teatime
you can find me on the ledge
goodbye paint and catering tain't
argentino and tada Tina
I'm REE Drummond
