oh yeah I have where me with me so much
today because marbles isn't a bad mood
it's like rainy and dreary out and he is
just not having it he's in a bad mood so
he's sitting on the couch by himself so
we're gonna let him stay there a couple
of things I want to tell you guys first
of all um if you didn't know already I
do have some t-shirts available put the
link below ah but if you like ordered
them today I think the estimated
shipping date is like July 6 or
something cuz they're not ready yet but
I already ordered mine and I'm excited
about it so if you are interested in
that you can get those and we're getting
more designed to see you in soon I
promise
um also second thing so I wanted to make
this video I read a lot of you guys
comments all time and something people
ask for words they're like we're all
your deleted scenes or your like extras
or whatever outtakes and my stupid-ass
like every Wednesday sit down make video
and I never think to do it so today I
was like well if I'm gonna save these
clips and I'm going to make like a extra
reel it's not really like an outtake
thing because I end up like using a lot
of them um but it's more just like stuff
it I always do and always happens but I
usually just delete all the clips
because then my computer will explode
but I saved them for you so you're in
luck if you watch the what boys do on
the internet video that I posted today
these are the extras from that so yeah
here we are
yeah okay bye I look so ridiculous ha ha
ha ha oh my god this is so ridiculous
Wow if you're gonna be in there you
can't show your face you can't just show
face like that we're wearing that's
alright
marbles is hiding almost always hides we
can't just stick your face Kermit you
see I can see you that doesn't work
you're ruining it
I can't do anything
you run yeah you have to get out Kearney
it was like a squid like where like if
you pulled your head out you would have
squid legs yes that's right go back in
there then no one knows that when I make
videos I have dogs in my lap it's a
secret you can't tell anyone how about
you have to be Cory it you can't bark
sticks for fucking ever because you
never shut up I can't love you sorry I
didn't mean to raise my voice again I'm
sorry it's not the forget thing
ah laughing fat how about how about that
bat bat bat bat bat oh my balls you
can't sit in there and bark he was out
to sit in my lap and be quiet or sitting
there be quiet video day brah football
there's nothing happening
kermy you can't keep doing this you're
wrecking it was in the middle of Kirby
get in there
ah so ridiculous
