Wow I am wearing a Tinkerbell shirt it's
actually a child-size nightgown and it's
awesome but it's making it look like I
have like the ill linebacker shoulders
yeah stop doing push-ups huh look true
if we look a little bit different to you
today
that's because a it's nighttime I don't
ever actually shoot it at nighttime
because I don't have good lights in the
house so I just like grab a bunch of
lights and shot that on my face and I
was a little different because hello
Kimmy did my hair wait
it's not this blonde it looks awfully
blonde and it's like cuz it's crazy
light but it's
blonder because it's summertime means
all for those of you that follow me on
Twitter and Facebook and whatnot okay um
I we've been talking about the fact that
the Apes will rise with hashtag and I
did a live Ustream oh you can see honey
of all the Apes and stuff no basically
what I'm about to show you are some
clips that were developed in the early
stages of like their their filmmaking
process and the director of Rupert Wyatt
used love as inspiration because there's
no apes used in Rise of the Planet of
the Apes it's all like computer-animated
apes go ahead study Apes and whatnot in
order to get a good idea of what ape Sue
and their anytime and their eight dreams
and their eight day and then their their
eight food where are you going and it
shows that aids are getting smarter
they're rising
we gifts the Apes rising till first clip
is the ape walking upright you guys
probably seen this it was like viral a
little while ago
walk there's own legs and then the next
look is an ape playing a first-person
shooter game which is remember stick it
seems to dog should not become annoying
Undine Kamadeva server aku ingin tomato
suzuki step geun-tae Akasaka see who
could that's now send a quadric you
could irritated doctor hmm a tonic issue
sorry even we is a little much for me
because i suck nintendo 64 is lick my
forte playstation xbox
I suck at because there's like too many
controls so that that ape like sit in
there like this like playing there's
like me and I'm also a scientist in my
in my part-time life scientists and I
will scientifically prove to you right
now the Apes are getting smarter than
other mammals are this is a video of
marbles getting smarter yeah he said
don't make fun of me mummy I am so cute
but I am NOT very smart at all no he
says you come here at a bad time I was
writing my dissertation earlier yeah no
let's see you know study 3 so yeah
that's what's going on the apes are
getting smarter they've surprising and
yeah I have linked the videos down below
if you wanna watch them along the Rise
of the Planet leaves trailer and yeah
that kind of stuff the Apes will rise
hashtag we're gonna get it going and I
want to completely unrelated know what
my legs really hurt from working out
yesterday and today I walked all around
like there was something wrong with my
legs
cuz there was
