all right so those of you on my Facebook
and Twitter you guys know I was in LA
last Thursday through Saturday and I was
there for the rise 50 summit which
people on Facebook are like what the
fuck is that at Google that can't find
that you know it's a motherfucker you
are not supposed to know what that is
okay you're supposed to wait until I
make a vlog and they don't tell me
oops so basically what it was is they
brought a bunch of youtubers we ought to
see a preview sneak preview screening of
the excellent movie which was the balls
and then we've learned about the new
Planet of the Apes movie which looks
like a sexual fantastic fantasy you know
what I mean James Franco looks like
someone my vagina would want to be
friends with big time we got to see all
special effects though it into his guy
Andy Serkis it does like he's like got
dogs all over his face and then they
take his face and turn it into a monkey
face and it's crazy he actually could
play me though from the Lord of the
Rings and King Kong he's really cool I
met the director and we got to drink
alcohol and eat dinner and it was really
cool and fun and awesome so I just
wanted to tell you that and that's what
people on Twitter or like why you keep
tweeting about apes like what is wrong
with you because I'm using the hashtag
apes will rise so they're like the fuck
are you talking about that's what I was
talking about planet e Rise of the
Planet of the Apes it's coming out
August 5th I think I'll have to
double-check that
oops but I also want to let you know
that I will be doing a live Ustream in
celebration of Rise of the Planet of the
Apes
tomorrow night which is Thursday June 9
I don't know what time yet probably just
like whenever but usually when I do you
streams I just put the link right on my
Facebook or like I blog in the past my
Twitter I'll just put the link on there
so make sure that you are friends with
me on those social media platforms and
then you will know what's going on and
when word um so yeah tomorrow night we
will I will we Marvel's Kermit we will
be giving away two $25 gift certificates
to Fandango so you can go see the movie
and bring a sexual sexy time date maybe
if you wanted to or you go alone forever
alone what else I don't know I'll let
you know but yeah so I do you stream I
usually I used to do it like every
Friday night but this we're doing
tomorrow night Thursday in special
celebration for the Apes will rise for
the Planet of the Apes and we'll be
giving away some stuff so or you can
just talk to me I'm probably gonna be
drinking so if you want to drink with me
via the internet that's what I'm nuts
gonna happen party okay that's why I say
hopefully I'll I'll make more real vlogs
and not just like dead rat box sounds
good right sure we're all kind of tired
of seeing dead rats yeah Oh Kermit right
all right okay bye
