kermy worm are you being a bad boy right
now guess what the word me just brought
from me I know you think you're so sweet
no marbles did you do this Marvis did
you do this kermy worm did you bring
this dead rat in the house I think you
did you look pretty guilty no don't
touch the dead it what am i what am I
gonna do with that look at you you don't
even care where me where me this is not
cool you can't just bring me dead rats
all the time I don't like it I know you
think that I'm supposed to like in that
it's cool and fun and that you're giving
me a present but it's gross buddy yucky
ella ella no dead rat bringing into the
house you know marble don't go near it
buddy don't oh fuck what the fuck why he
doesn't even care you know what will
know is why will you okay you gotta get
rid of this
