can you please explain to me what's
happening here I broke into Joe's house
and just hanging over here because I
think it's cool here then I'd like to
stay well you can't stay you need to get
the fuck out
yeah well it's not funny tell them it's
not okay
get him Kermie one get the eight get a
creamy look right here right there get
there
Kermit get them oh wow Kermie know what
it's not on my arm baby it's I'm out
it's on the wall get it there it goes
can you get it get it
can he get it I thought maybe if I just
ran over here you know you wouldn't
notice me yeah what's with the bugs
why now he's gone behind the mirror and
never gonna find him it's okay you want
me to stay with me you want to enter
stay
kermy kermy don't say anything at all if
you want there to stay ready here you go
okay you can stay good boy mmm okay dad
kids day yeah what a good crew you yeah
you did a good job scaring that in away
not real well you're useless
