we have to make a vlog before I leave
you this is Eddie Eddie is Sara's dog
and I got to stay with him all the way
usually had so much fun together yes we
did but I have to go back to Boston and
have to see marbles and Kermit but if
you knew that you guys would be friends
just one his name creamy and he's an
Italian Greyhound and he's really fast
and he would probably like you because
you have the same length snout yes and
then the other ones Abe's marbles and
he's pretty cool too and he would like
him because he is the same height as you
right you're like a long hybrid of them
yes no Eddie sat and he sat in my
suitcase while I was packing yeah you're
like no Lee we're friends no I know what
you mean we're friends but I wanted you
guys to see Eddie
oh that was a good yawn
good job buddy good job and Eddie says I
don't wanna go right I'll be back I'll
busy you don't worry Lee cool look at
him he's just hanging out and he says
they love life yeah I love everybody my
name is Eddie and I am so cute
Eddie I love you though I don't want to
leave you I'm gonna sing Eddie a song
about how much I love him and it already
started because I just made it up I
guess I wasn't very good love sake needs
to be slow alright dear Eddie I love you
because you are so long and you are
brown red coloured and you have little
eyes Oh are so cute
and your ears are longer than your face
that's fun what a good a dormouse I want
to hug you because you are so squishy
and then I'm going to kiss your face
then then I'm gonna put you on the
ground so you can run around
and then I'm gonna be like where's Eddie
and then I'm gonna find you now ok bye
hi
alright I'm going back to bust you
behind
