oh my god hello oh yeah guess where I am
I'll give you one yes ready you go nope
you're wrong I am in Los Angeles and I
got here yesterday I am seeing with my
manager and if your question is what am
I doing here the answer is I don't know
I have a bunch of meetings with
different people
I am collaborating with some other
YouTube artists which is gonna be really
cool
what is this why do I look like I'm in a
time machine oh yeah I'm gonna be here
until April 27th so if you are in the
Los Angeles area I dare you to find me
because I'm here and I am a little bit
sad because I do miss my sidekicks and
Miss marbles and Kermit very much last
night was like the first thing I slept
without them and I was like yeah but I
did I was alright but I have never left
Kermit for more than like half a day you
know what I mean so I'm sure he's pretty
stressed out right now but it is lovely
here and I think I realized why people
like California now well I got here
knows like oh that explains it kind of
nice here so yeah I will be making some
vlogs of me hanging out and walking
around it's like crazy I fake karate
fought a man on the street yesterday he
was like hey what's up I'm with nothing
he was like you want a karate fight me
just pretend I won't really kick you and
I'm like sure so we like did it ha ha ha
cha so I'm like oh this is gonna be a
good week it's gonna be a good week
so yeah I will make more vlogs like
outside where it's like nice and pretty
and stuff and so yeah this is an amazing
adventure an adventure mean who's
excited
me okay
