look then here's the deal okay I want
SpaghettiOs like there's no tomorrow
they're not vegan but I just write in
reform that Amy's organic vegetable
alphabet-soup
passes for it so I have to go to the
store and I have to go now
No hey hey hey what are you doing arts
and crafts you're building a model hey
we got to go
SpaghettiOs I'm making oh yeah go I'm
making a dead cat wind some think for my
macabre fam
it can wait let's go can I schedule
hungry I need sketti Oh gross I'm gonna
die you say you might you're on tonight
round you want your out to die I got
glue in my hand you want your out to die
check out my new look in with the bed oh
my god it looks like it has a little
mohawk yeah I'm just gonna know me
everything's up no yeah car videos but
you're why you're out to die
Wow super glue is super gluey really
that's a different kind it's Amy's
yeah not Inez Ami's hey Beezus over
there yeah they don't have it do we have
to little whale foods did I did I say
sell reduce it he did my car he was like
shouldn't belittle Whole Foods it may
not happen
your eyes gonna cry she doesn't get
spaghetti oh dude do you want your eyes
to cry oh god stop
that's disgusting we leave I can't be
here okay it smells good in here let's
get stuff we don't need
sounds good like this major Nixon dear
I feel like mac and cheese that's how we
got like why are you like this where are
we just came here for soup Gillian and I
want to
we're at whale foods get it together
real yeah we have two of the house and
they're not your favorite no we have two
of them in the lazy susan
they're in the lazy susan I wish she
would be so goddamn they don't have any
soup
you try yeah they don't have that we can
you get snickerdoodles
these are bang
no luck finding any sort of vegan
substitute for SpaghettiOs but this is
what I'm going to try to do into the
works I got some tomato soup and some
vegetable shaped pasta and I'm gonna try
my best to make some spaghetti because I
really can't live without some right no
these are also dan√ßa swapped and then
heat with it and I've been looking for
these for forever I finally found them
dandies for vegan gluten free
marshmallows Laurent make some hot
chocolate but I really just want to
fucking eat them here you cook the
alphabet pasta in the soup or should I
boil them and then do it how do you
separate separate what's doing oh my god
there's fuck so harm commercial yeah are
they good mm-hmm
this is real no no holy shit I've been
doing what I live on what's going on
Friday night it's time for junk food I
don't know what you do I don't you try
tonight but we go to Whole Foods and buy
junk food and then eat it
it's Friday I didn't even know what you
got that Lynn sounds like you might be a
mint chocolate coconut milk yeah it's
made by so delicious really tastes like
if you're mint chocolate chip ice cream
melted 20r cup I was such a good dessert
district title don't heat that up on my
hot chocolate
wait why are you recording
Julian why did you just press report and
I can try to press anything you
shouldn't leave your paper Tyler if you
don't open you know open it stop leaving
paper towels on the hooking everything
use actions on fire and it's a mess
you're a tornado my patience is gone Sam
Brannan makes the puffer juicer whose
tastes like fucking top you manage
that's for real up oh my god you fucking
painting hell yeah
hey miss Jenna's hot cocoa look how you
open that package how I'm gonna close
that whoa ha ha this shit is next
fucking level like they could sell this
at Starbucks as its own drink and I
thought someone would it fucking labor
it over it making isn't fucking credible
go away did you try this bit wrong one
marshmallow no I'm not gonna hold it you
hold it nice Rick's wrist dexterity
there question what you could have we're
having a legit holy shit right that's so
good
vegan junk be straight what are the two
things that were most happy about looks
like it's the hot cocoa and the chips
remember who got those things both
specifically if those things are good I
hope my alphabet soup doesn't come out
like shit I'm gonna cook the pasta
separately but I'm heating up the soup
now and then I'm gonna put it in there
after so food gods
what will our sacrifice be tonight
better not be my soup it's all I've
wanted this is what I'm working with
just put the pasta in here yeah the
ratio is not quite like SpaghettiOs but
there is a fair amount of pasta in here
and I season the soup the thing that
makes it taste it like SpaghettiOs is
just fucking sugar or stevia um and I
did put some yeast in there and a little
more salt and it does it taste a lot
like SpaghettiOs excited
set this down so I couldn't get my
little vegan feast on you know I mean
look at this
like a five-year-old I got my baked
SpaghettiOs and on my cheez-its
some kombucha drink my hot cocoa and my
5 years old yeah do I care no it's a lot
of crying but pretty decent I'm still
gonna look for the other one the tomato
soup with the alphabets in it because
too much work for SpaghettiOs
but prehnite pretty please oh ha ha I
take back everything with the cheez-its
this shit is fucking insane okay oh ma
what - shit fucks so hard when your
boyfriend's slaying rocket fuck in there
eating with your other boyfriends
you
open them daddy open them open them okay
so the review said that their rap really
tough and classic and have a fierce
sticker on top of them so be prepared
always prepare for a fierce sticker
these are nice they're chic oh man that
is fierce plastic not a joke I got these
for the gym for the definition buff so
so that we can use around the house
which is where orange trust noises a
little scratching just I know what I'm
gonna do from the bottom I'm doing is it
fierce
I just called me daddy oh my god I got
these trace on Wayfair they were to
where you got just Ferrari there were
two for like 66 doll hairs
we like always need stuff like this
around the house when we're doing stuff
I like these these are gonna be good to
have for my private musical chairs party
I don't think that works they do they
don't think that work good wall Ms lady
not your bed so I put the other bench
here as a I'm just I'm just getting
dressed and then I put this little chair
and blanket and this is what I really
wanted to trade for aside from having
something not an exercise bench to put
like a drink or something on well thank
you honey you having a nice Kermit day
okay there's not enough room there's
really not in the Froome oh my god I
love you so much honey but mommy can't
fit you up here and I want to put this
here by this chair because the Devi
machine is always on her laptop and she
needs like a little spot so that she can
if she wakes up and she was hanging on
her laptop she can do that and then I'll
put the other owners like a bedside
table and my brother has already said
that when my niece wakes up early no he
can just send her right on into
grandma's room fiercely wrapped in
plastic but other than that it's a nice
little tray well guys this isn't your
room that's how you chair or you blanket
be ah yes yeah what else are jelly just
brought the other one
bench that says bench desk does look a
little crazy yeah but is it fucking
awesome yes so sorry we're in the middle
of doing something today but I'll see
you guys later today and happy blog fuck
I hope you enjoyed our drunk food vegan
please last night it was really good I'm
gonna eat it everyday the mumbo sauce
from like deer knows who's Oh yet you
slap your body gentle loving slap with
the body massage and slap and bottoms
are inside are massage with body massage
and slap that sensor only pop your pussy
like this okay sorry let me know I'll
see you later
all you need are your goodnight kiss
