Wow yeah do you guys are wondering I
always have Kermit or marbles in my lap
because they sit on the ground and they
cry if they're not on my lap they get
pissed off okay so I have a couple quick
things to tell you guys
number one was little Jack
so am control did take little Jack
because they needed legal custody of him
and they promised to let us know as soon
as he was ready for adoption and they
did and they told us there was like a
waiting list of people that wanted to
adopt him
so I decided and me Max and decided
everyone the lives here decided having
two dogs is plenty and having a third
dog as much as I love Jack and he was so
awesome and wanted to keep him forever
financially I can't afford to have
another dog and it was just too much and
my heart was I really wanted to keep him
but in my head I'm like there's so many
other people that want to have him that
would take care of him and baby him and
treasure him forever so he's not being
put to sleep or anything like that that
was why that was part of what made the
decision a little bit easier was that so
many people wanted him because he's
adorable second update is that if you
haven't seen a have a new blog it's WW
jennamarbles blog comm and it is pre
fantastic it's gonna shout out to
Generation Y M did my blog because it
looks so sliding down a rainbow skittles
riding on a unicorn in space awesome so
if you haven't seen that yet go check it
out and leave me your feedback so that I
can change it around and have it be
whatever you want
and next update my friend hello Kimmy
the person that does my hair you see her
in my pictures she go-go dances with me
she used streams with me from time to
time she now has a YouTube channel which
I have favored it in
linked on my page she is awesome so she
is now making hair tutorials and stuff
and taking your questions so check out
her video as well she's pretty awesome
next thing I am putting together
t-shirts because so many people keep
asking me Jenna I want a chilly face
noodle punch t-shirt can you please make
it and I'm like okay I'm doing it la so
I am putting together t-shirt designs so
if you have any suggestions for me of
any of my videos that you would want on
a t-shirt if you want them let me know
leave them in the comments I put them on
my Facebook page it's probably the best
way that I'll see them and I am going to
try and get them ready like for next
week so this is like I am happening now
it's happening fast so yeah get that to
me
and now I have to go because I am
meeting with someone and we're going to
drink beers for lunch we're having a
beer for lunch
