all right so you guys have been
requesting this video for forever a
makeup tutorial I just want to have a
disclaimer I am NOT good at doing makeup
like I don't have any skills I'm not
talented I just figured out like a
couple colors that look nice with my
skin and hair color and I just use them
all the time
so that's pretty much it so if you want
to learn how I this is like my everyday
kind of vlog look that I do when I'm on
camera it's a little bit more than I
wear like walking around the world but
if you want to learn what I did you're
not really gonna learn any technique but
if you want to learn what I did and how
I did it then you can watch my makeup
tutorial yeah alright so I have no
makeup on clearly um sometimes I use a
primer right now I'm not gonna use a
primer I like to use primer like if I'm
gonna go work or dance or something like
that um I jump like a tinted moisturizer
on so it's all kind of orange right now
um but I don't usually use the primer
like during the day because it's kind of
just like a waste to me when my makeup
stays perfectly fine without it during
the day uh so most of you guys always
ask you like how your what your skin
looks so good and perfect my videos I
use a very very heavy foundation this is
Mac Studio tech this is NW 25 I don't
even care what the color is every time I
go in there and different levels of like
Mystic Tan and stuff all over me so they
always match me to something different
I'll show you why in a little bit why I
don't care what color they match me with
at the time because I'm just gonna pile
a bunch of bronzer on top of it so
that's why I just really matter you'll
see um so I'm using a foundation brush
with this this is like super super thick
and creamy during the day like a thumb
this is like not sunlight friendly like
you should not wear this and then well
you could I'm sure but it's not it
doesn't look very like natural it can
look very cakey um but usually during
the day I like to use um Make Up For
Ever HD foundation liquid foundation um
but we're not going for that
now you guys want to see the look that I
usually use like in my blog videos and
stuff and so I do use a heavier makeup
for that um just because it's on camera
and my skin sucks my skin's not cool but
so I'm just using this foundation brush
this is a prescriptive foundation brush
like really anything Warr find you use a
sponge whatever you want I'm sorry just
apply this like all over my face like as
heavy as possible as you can see this um
that's a pretty serious stuff makes your
face look like a different face alright
so now I like to set my foundation again
during the day like if I'm not gonna be
on camera if we're talking about the
natural makeup hook eye I like to use
Make Up For Ever HD powder to go with my
mega primer HD liquid makeup because it
gives a really natural finish um for
this for my on-camera look like my blog
look um I like to use the Mac
mineralized powder this is a medium plus
again my recommendation for you guys
they're interested in any of these
products just go to the counter and have
someone match you and then you don't
have to worry about it this is a Mac 150
brush just a fluffy powder brush it
really doesn't even make a difference if
this is like a high quality brush you
just going to slap this all over your
face setting anything that you put on
your face is going to be the key to
making it last long and stay put so this
step is really important for any of you
that are doing things today with your
face next step this is why I was like it
doesn't even matter what color my
foundation is or which color they match
me with because I just take bronzer like
you guys always like all your skin will
what kind of self tanner to use I wash
my face like a lot so my self tanner is
always coming off my face so I try to
keep it up a little bit but for the most
part my trick is just a whole lot
bronzer um so this is Mac bronzing
powder this is refined golden again the
guy at the counter was like oh this is a
good color for you because it's just
whatever so this brush is like a straw a
brush like Lukas the dogs have chewed
this this is just like a brush I will
use this on my body - this brush because
it's just like a crap-ass brush like you
could buy this for 50 cents at CVS or
maybe like a dollar and there's no rhyme
or reason how I'm putting this on right
now I'm not even I'm not looking at
where I'm putting this just all over my
whole entire face now if you thought we
were done with the bronzer you're wrong
I'm taking the same bronzer and now I'm
taking a contouring brush you if you
don't have a contouring brush I used to
do this with this brush squeeze it like
that and use it and it was like more of
a defined thing but I actually bought a
contouring brush finally this is a Mac
one looks like 33 I don't know it's gone
it's a contouring brush so I'm just
going to take a little bit of the
bronzer same bronzer and I'm going to
put it into my cheekbones and then I'm
going to blend it in and then blend
around the frame of my face and my neck
again
understand I do is my blush which
usually for most of my videos is like a
soft peachy color because it's really it
like looks good with your fake tan um
this is lorac in Peach um I'm using a
blush brush this is a Mac again I don't
know what number because it's rubbed off
because you can't see it because the
dogs like to get these into them
so I further for the shape of my face
blush looks best if it's applied to like
almost aniline but not like you know I'm
80s Whitney Houston video line like it's
a blended a blended line so according to
like your face shape you can google that
where you should put your blush but I
like to blend it in like with my bronzer
a little bit and just keep it right on
my cheekbones okay so now I'm gonna do
my eyes and this is like my my look for
everyday when I'm just getting ready for
the day you you're gonna be amazed at
how frigging easy and I don't care this
look is so I do this whole thing looks
like a blending brush this is a 217
blending brush like you can use any
number of brushes and have it be as
precise as you want I'm literally like
getting ready in the morning like I
don't care I'm just gonna use this brush
because it's going fast right now like
that cuz I don't care I'm not gonna put
a base on my eyes cuz I don't like I
don't do any of that when I'm just
getting ready for the day like who does
that like you have eight hours to get
ready in the morning I don't so this is
NARS in Portobello this is like a duo I
really really like this light brown
color right here this color right here
is a little bit of a darker brown the
only reason I really like this duo is
because when I try it on in the store it
was very flattering to my eye color and
like my whole skin gimmick that I got
here so if I were to recommend a color
for you like for your everyday look just
find a color like these are very matte
colors I always used to get sparkly
glittery yeah LA but um the matte colors
actually look so much better in your
face whatever who thought not me
woah so try and find a color in the
or that just really looks natural but um
makes your eye color kind of pop so for
me because my eyes are like a light blue
green this brown color really does that
for me and it's matte so I'm just going
to take this light brown hey they're
going crazy right now take this light
brown and with this blending brush which
is totally not what you're supposed to
use it for really well you can use any
brush for anything and I just apply it
all over my entire eyelid like that
until it's as dark as I want it to be
which on Sundays is darker than other
days just because then you just go all
around like that you don't have to apply
it all you can just put on your lid if
you want but when I do my brows I like
having it all all over the place I'm
gonna take this darker Brown sometimes
when you guys see me wearing makeup and
it looks a little darker um it's because
I'm using this other nurse in like a
matte almost grey color
this is NARS and beliefs about this duo
um like a flat gray color is pretty much
flattering on like any eye color I think
like it just it's not black so you're
not doing out the whole look yet but
it's like you a light gray you can
really wear like any time but I'm gonna
take this light brown for right now and
I'm taking the same brush I didn't clean
it and do anything to it and I'm just
gonna like um knocking up my crease and
the outer corner and if you'll notice I
am NOT like I don't even close I'm near
right now like just slapping it on my
eye because I'm gonna show you what I do
in a second and you're gonna be like
really and I'm gonna be like yes I just
this is literally how I like clean on my
makeup you can take a q-tip or whatever
but I just go like this I have no time
and if you want to touch up like your
temples now that you've messed them up
you can but I don't because I don't care
I'm a big fan of gel liners
I take this is like this is drugstore
this is Maybelline eye studio gel liner
in black I always use black liner if I'm
gonna put on fake lashes because
otherwise unless you're using a color
but I mean as opposed to like brown or
something I just can't get that to look
right so I'm gonna use black um this
brush just came with it you can use any
kind of liner brush I'm a fan of I'm
gonna put this right just on my upper
lid and I'm a big fan of gel liners
because I just think that they're
awesome so I'm pulling right here in the
corner I just follow like this line of
my lower eyelid up like that and then
I'm just going to bring it in
like that and you can make this as big
or as small as you want or not at all
totally up to you I am going to put on
lashes um I don't if you wear fake
lashes like walking around the world
just because it makes me feel weird
during the day but for my videos I do
put lashes on because my camera is so
like Lodi that it just make makes my
eyes look more normal than if I had to
put them on and these lashes I'll show
you I don't remember the name of these I
get all my eyelashes from like Sally or
like CBS they like just cheap lashes
they they are like black crapple of my
hand grooves these are like smaller ones
where they look kind of extra hairy and
like the that things are all kind of
intertwined these are the ones that I
like to wear like during the day
um so now I'm gonna do my eyebrows I'm
not gonna show you the whole thing I can
make you an eyebrow tutorial if you
really want um but I do use a
combination of a pencil and a shadow
this is Mac I pencil in taupe and this
is expresso they they match like my
natural hair color so that's why my my
eyebrows are kind of brown and my hair
is gonna blonde this is like my pet
peeve like when girls walk around and
their eyebrows are like the wrong color
for their hair go to a counter and have
someone match you like stop trying to do
it yourself so just to give you a quick
idea um I usually just take it and
follow the natural with my pencil I take
and follow the natural curve and arch of
my brow not doing like a whole lot of
work and same thing on the top and then
I'm just gonna blend it in like that and
then I just go over it a little bit with
the shadow just to make sure that a day
some people just use a shadow or some
people just use a pencil um and just
depending on how I feel that day there's
a much way to do this is just a little
angle brush that I used to do my brows
this is a 208 brush but yeah and then I
just go over it a little bit really
light strokes just to make sure it stays
I'm gonna take a highlight I don't
always do this during the day all but
I'll just show you for today this isn't
this is just a flat brush you can
literally use like any brush you use a
q-tip use your finger um it just depends
on how like precise you want to be this
is Mac and tissue weight it's like just
a little bit shimmery sometimes I don't
even add a highlight at all because I
just like the whole like matte look but
I'm just taking this and putting it
under my entire eyebrow and then I'm
just gonna blend it right here in this
brow bone area love to go over my fake
eyelashes with mascara because I almost
like when they get like no
because I'm a brat sometimes I will take
an eyelash curler and curl them up so
that my my actual eyelashes and the the
fake lashes are almost like together but
these are already pretty curly because
they keep curling them this is just
drugstore mascara I really still to this
day don't even have like a preference no
matter how many mascaras I buy I know a
lot of people are like you know this
one's better that one's better really
they all pretty much to me do the same
thing they just make your eyelashes look
black and better I'm sorry I'm gonna do
my lower lashes as well umm I don't
always do my lower lashes and sometimes
like at night I like to put liner you
know all over the place but for the
daytime like I feel like the just by
doing your lower lashes is enough you're
like creates a little bit of a shadow I
always had the hardest time doing my
lower lashes because I always read that
you're supposed to like glop it on like
this and then I was watching a YouTube
tutorial and the girl just took the
brush flat like this and just kind of
comb them down oh my go duh the hell is
wrong with me I always do my waterline
um I feel like it just finishes your eye
but I'm gonna do with black today umm
sometimes you feel like makes it looks
my eyes look kind of small um
other times I do it with white if I want
them to like stand out a little more but
I just put it right in the waterline
this is just like a crayon Revlon
Colorstay again this likes simple stuff
like mascara to me black eyeliner like
white eyeliner some of them like
obviously some of them you'll have a
little bit of better quality but like
these are things to me where it's like
you could spend $1 or $30 if you're just
gonna stick it in your waterline they
all pretty much do the same thing
and usually in my videos I have just
like lipgloss I don't usually wear
lipstick during the day this is makeup
art ever lab shine in s 24 this is like
a peachy kind of pinky color I'm like a
big fan of anything shiny and pink so
you'll always see me with a lot of
different variations of that yeah so
that's pretty much it and if you guys
have seen any other pictures that you
want me to do a makeup tutorial of this
is like super basic basic everyday but
if there's other things you want me to
do I would be more than happy to do them
for you if you want to know how to do
them with no skills and very little
tools now it's time to go do your hair
because your hair looks like shit fix
your hair god
