so this is the little Jackie and I want
to tell you how Jackie came to be at my
house wait Jackie max works in real
estate in one of his buildings um he got
a call from one of his tenants last
night saying that there was a dog
barking like non-stop
so max went over there and found little
Jackie tied up to a bookshelf and see it
actually looped himself around and only
had like an inch of leash left to move
and he had like food and poop and pee
and stuff all over him and he had been
there for two days so max called the
owner and the owner said my car keys are
on the counter why don't you take him
and just lock him in my car until until
I get back on Monday night just another
full day and a half and Max was like ah
I don't think so so he took Jackie home
and I gave him a bath and pet him and
loved him and gave him hugs and kisses
and he's like the sweetest thing ever
and he's like a puppy because he still
has like his little puppy teeth so he's
like just a baby and he's a Maltese and
I actually was supposed to go to a photo
shoot today the time full makeup but I
called and canceled because in
combination with this I'm actually
having like kind of a family emergency
today but I just wanted to quickly in
case we never see him again because
apparently one of the tenants called
animal control and they want to take
Jackie and you know make sure he's safe
and process him and put him up for
adoption or whatever um but I really
want to keep him so bad so bad I want to
keep him so bad whoa why Jackie why why
can't you be my baby you can be input in
my family we already have so
any monsters you can just be another
monster yeah why can't you stay I love
you yeah I love him so much and I'm like
a heartbroken right now if they take him
away and I love you yeah I gave you a
baby why can't you be my baby boy so
it's like that's that if they ever and I
want to keep them forever and ever and
ever and ever so yeah we just want to
say hi
so from Jackie in case we don't get to
stay here and have Jenna be my mommy you
say goodbye and and we are very angry at
the person that neglected you because
you didn't deserve that and any little
doggie that wants a home can come live
with me
okay bye say bye Jackie good job good
job on your blog good job
