all right so instead of playing an April
Fool's Day joke Iver and I thought I'd
give you an April Fool's Day present
so I have my main channel you guys saw a
video of me picking up Kermit when he
was a puppy
and I was crying and whatnot because I'm
so excited but what you haven't seen is
the video of me picking up mr. marbles
when he was a puppy now
mr. marbles is my first dog ever I grew
up wanting a dog like I would blow my
birthday candles every time it was my
birthday and wish for a dog and as my
mom her doggin never get one my mom is
really allergic to animals when I was
growing up so we weren't really allowed
to have like dogs and stuff but I wanted
one so bad so finally when I was able to
get a dog without mr. marbles so this
was like a big big big deal for me um
like two and a half years ago now but
yeah uh anyone that's seen this video
and they showed this video to old
roommates and stuff think it's like the
most hilarious thing they've ever seen
in their life because I'm like I'm like
really crying so happy before say I hope
you laugh at me crying my eyes out over
a puck
must be your face
Oh
so that was mr. marbles when you use a
baby it is a little good you're sleeping
in the other room right now um I
actually I always read all your comments
everything like that I I know you guys
want to make a tutorial I actually shot
one yesterday and for some reason the
sound like cut out of every other shot
like I'm like and this is up and it's
like cut out so I couldn't use it and it
completely wasted my entire day
yesterday like I promised I have hired
you and I will make you a tutorial for
people with absolutely zero makeup ink
skills and a lack of brushes and
materials so that's pretty much how I do
mine and if you're really lazy yeah so I
will do that hopefully soon and keep you
updated
so okay back me
