all right so first start this video I
mean you get a couple of things off my
chest right now
the people always ask me are you boobs
real are they fake what's the CEO the
answer is my boobs are real um
and I always comment back to people I'm
like you know thanks I guess it's kind
of flattering and then their response to
that is you need to teach us like how to
make boobs or awesome like how to make
your boobs look almost like they're fake
like how do they look like that if
they're real so I promised I would share
with you guys I had titty tricks altar
ass and I'm gonna share with you but I
guess the only thing that I want to say
about that is it's almost like the
speculation of it that could get like
kind of bothers me almost because Here I
am all the time on my vlog Channel and
everywhere else complaining a ball and
with a boot on my car we have a crappy
computer when I don't have an HD camera
like when this web money problems like
not problems lots of things to pay for
it's like okay Here I am crying over my
master's degree dancing about underwear
$400 and fucking you think I'm sitting
here with a fucking 10 grand fake rack
on my chest really really you think my
priorities are that out of whack like
I'm assuming a lot of you like me cuz I
like to keep real and I don't sugarcoat
things I don't say here it makes stupid
youtube like channel I call faking high
quality editing um I'm a real person I I
don't have fake boobs like who the fuck
do you think paid for my fake boobs if
I'm sitting here like failing my car out
of boot jail like you think I have a
sugar daddy like you think something
else pays my rent
you think someone pays my car insurance
and fucking no no you think someone pays
my school loans no come on
plus if my boobs are fake they would be
up to my neck and like hard as a rock
like you would see me in bikini tops and
they'd be like ooh No
so I guess it's a speculation of it's
like you really think that I have a fake
crack
and I'm sitting here on my Lodi computer
making videos all the time
come on the second thing I want to
address before I start this video is
something that was brought up in my how
to trick people video in the face video
or it's like you know girls dress up
like if you don't want to pay attention
to you while you put all that makeup on
why you dress up this and that and the
answer to that is like for me personally
when I go out I am I just want to make
sure I look good like I just want to
feel hot like no one likes to go out
like in their sweatpants and their
glasses like yeah that screams don't
talk to me
but like no one like you're just setting
yourself up for a bad night like you're
not gonna have any fun okay like that
you just not you know what I mean it's
like when when you wake up in the
morning and like by some chance your bra
and your underwear like match each other
it's gonna be a good day like stuff like
that you mean so when I go out and I get
dressed up and I look like you know I
have makeup on and I did my hair I spent
5 minutes getting ready that's because
I'm like I'm going out like oh I have
fun I want to look good I don't do it
like so that guys will look at me and
this this whole concept is confusing to
me because it's like I haven't met you
yet
so if I'm gonna meet you at the bar I
don't know who you are so why am I gonna
spend two hours getting ready to impress
you when I even know who you are I don't
know you I don't and the other idea is
that girls get dressed up for other
girls which I can understand I think is
a valid argument well they're both value
valid arguments but like that's false
for me because any girl in any club or
bar looking at me is gonna be like that
girl got her entire outfit from fucking
Walmart or Target like she's not wearing
Gucci she is not wearing fucking like
all this expensive like girls like I'm
not I'm not fooling any girls trust me
like girls will look me up and down and
be like that's a cheap bitch right there
so I'm not getting dressed up for girls
either when I get dressed up to go out
you're my my boobs are all up and then a
face and hair like I just wanna
I want to have a good time it's really
for me next thing I want to do before I
start the studio is a disclaimer which
is guys um girls that do booby tricks
like that's on what I call them boobie
tricks I am NOT doing them to like be
false advertising I'm not I'm not trying
to like you know guys always have
probably like what are you doing this
like why are there push-up bras like
it's just false advertising you take it
off and they fucking National Geographic
all over the place
I'm not doing this to trick you or
deceive you or anything like that when
I'm wearing a shirt where it's like
boobalicious I'm just trying to make
sure that everything look looks good
like it looks good that's all I'm trying
to do so I'm not trying to trick you
guys please don't get mad at this video
the other thing I want to say is for
girls it's like when when I was you know
13 or whatever I never stuffed my bra I
never did anything like that because I
was always so scared I was always scared
that like some guy was gonna take my
shirt off or something like god forbid
not 13 will get me a little older but I
was like oh my god some guys gonna
figure out that I'm not like that I
don't really look like this so I never
like I never even really want that much
makeup like I didn't edit to any of this
and I was younger um but now that I'm
like older I don't give a fuck like you
look at me up and down like yeah bleach
blonde hair I've got fake eyelashes on
like lots of girls have hair extensions
we've like fucking fake boobs or they
stuff their bras at a chicken cutlets
like you know what I mean now you're
grown up like there's no shame in my
game
like you know when you're looking at me
I pull takes the internet you know I
don't really look like that and neither
does anybody so I really am not ashamed
making this video being like here's some
things you can do to make your boobs
look better cuz I don't care like if I
am naked and my boobs aren't like up to
my neck and shiny and glittery anymore
like come on bro like really if you if
that's like false advertising from
really fooling you that much anything my
tits look like that all the time like
that's careful you need to figure it out
okay so it's all that out of the way
it's time for the titty tricks all right
so
trick number one this is like it's
almost counterintuitive in any promo
girl any goal or dancer anyone that like
works in professional fucking make your
boobs look good they know this trick so
this is not a lot of these things aren't
news to anybody that does this wear two
bras and I'm not saying like you know
while you're going to school and stuff
like wear two bras know if you're
wearing like a low-cut shirt wear two
bras it will make a world of difference
at first it's gonna feel so weird and
you're like Lois doesn't seem right wear
two bras so I'm gonna do that and I'm
going to show you two looks like okay
okay so this is what this shirt looks
like with one bra like my boobs are just
like whatever they're creamy wasn't he
in the video so they're they're just
like normal looking boobs one bra yeah
now I'm gonna put on another bra and
show you what that looks like okay so
now I've put on another bra and you can
see they're like starting to be
boobalicious and like go-go dancers and
promo girls know that we we get a little
crafty sometimes you know we like match
the bra to your outfit looks like this
is a match but like we'll have one
sticking out it's like red then you get
a black one and bla bla now a trick that
I want to tell you is that you want to
have if you have like slightly different
sizes or something like that a bigger
bra you want to be the second bra so you
want the smaller bra under the bigger
bra just a just the tip um but it
definitely feels weird the first couple
times you do it but it it's gonna make
boobs look better so now the second
trick you can do if this isn't
boobalicious enough for you you want
more boobs is that you can take the
straps of both your bras like this or
you can do one bra or wearing three bras
and
do three browser and you want to pin
them together in the back take a safety
pin now they make like that little
plastic thing that's specifically
designed to hold your bra straps
together and make your boobs a bigger
cut that take a safety pin take your bra
straps together and pin them like this
now if you've never done this before
it's going to be hard so you might need
to get someone to help you and if the
pin is too small it can come undone and
stab you in the back which really hurts
um and this is super uncomfortable super
uncomfortable so if you've never done
this before and you're like going out
for a long time like you might need to
undo it because it takes some getting
used to because it's so like tight so
looks like this in the back um and you
can make it higher or lower oh yeah real
I just undid it it was looking stab me
in the back effort so this this is what
my boobs look like now that I have put
two bras on so they look like like big
boobs and I have safety pin them
together and if you want them to like
stand up more you can lift from up here
and push them into your bra so that
they're like this okay like okay next
thing I want to talk about that you can
do whoa um is wearing makeup kind of on
your boobs so if you have any like I
don't know it doesn't it doesn't it just
looks like skin which is the opposite of
what you want you want it to look like
fake boobies
you can take like any self-tanner this
is Maybelline Dream goal which I don't
think you can buy in stores anymore be
careful if you get this because it's
it's just like it's literally bronze
makeup and it will make your skin very
shiny and pretty and stuff
you can use any self-tanner with like a
shimmer in it any shimmer lotion
anything that's gonna make your skin
look shiny and like for me I want it to
be tan um yeah or you can take or
combination of this you can take any
bronzing powder this is just like cheap
drugstore this is like Physicians
Formula bronzing brick whatever and you
just want your boobs to be it's I bought
this one because it's shimmery that's
what you want it's less about like the
tan because your boobs can't be like
tanner than the rest of you that's weird
you gotta do it everywhere um but I
bought this one mostly for the shimmer
so you can make this make your boobs
real this is so weird make your boobs
real shimmery and nice like that you see
how that one looks more shiny and booby
than the other one now if you want to
get real fancy like you're at somewhere
really where like you're at the fucking
Playboy Mansion or something crazy hey
boys you can do contouring which means
that you can make your this part of your
boobs be shiny and light and you can
take like a contouring brush and you can
actually like accentuate this part of
your boobs and make them you know look
bigger higher or whatever you want some
girls use like double sided tape song
girls use duct tape like some girls you
know do crazy stuff and I know Bo I
personally don't use any tape because it
shit's expensive
okay okay if that is that boobalicious
enough for you like say say you're
wearing like a like a tube top or like a
corset or something that you really want
your boobs to be like up high you can
take socks now I am NOT a fan of chicken
cutlets because they're kind of gross
I do have some I don't use that because
I don't know they just they don't do
anything for me what results I woke up
now so I take socks like I don't do this
as much anymore because it's like this
is enough you know what I mean but if
you really want your moves to get out of
control you can take socks doesn't
matter what kind of socks like you can
play around with smaller socks is amazed
a match like any kind of socks you want
these are like my old softball socks and
you can fold them up in little things
full um I don't want to see any nipple
up in there and put them like underneath
the outside of your boob so you see that
you see how ridiculous that is how to
trick people into thinking you have fake
tits right here 101 so I'm gonna take it
and put it in the other side yeah hurry
like I don't even think he's gonna fit
in here these they're so big oh my God
my boobs if you can't breathe that means
you're doing it right okay so there you
go there there's my rack right at all
you see that that's a good looking rack
right yeah um last thing I want to say
in terms of tips for making your boobs
look fantastic um girls work out your
upper body you will be amazed at how
much your chest like shoulders how much
better this area looks if you do like
push-ups if you do pull-ups like you
don't have to invest in a in shake
weight you'd have to invest in one of
those things where you go like this and
work your boob muscles like old school
stuff exercise is free like you don't
need to pay anybody anything like if you
pay like you might get I don't know DVD
or like a gym membership like you need
to be doing
push movements and pull movements and
you will see an enormous difference in
your chest like the reason why like if I
were to take my shirt off and yours in
my boobs right now they like sit pretty
high up on my chest and like look I
don't know perky I do a lot of push-ups
I do a lot of upper body work which
girls for some reason think isn't
important they don't need to do it they
don't want to do it if you work out your
upper body and your chest and your
shoulders and your arms you're going to
see a big difference in your actual
natural boobs and this whole this whole
thing is going to work a lot better for
you so this has been awkward
sufficiently weird for me but I hope you
guys like this and I hope that it's
helpful to you so that you can have a
pretend fake active
