okay so I promise anyone people on my my
Twitter blog Facebook or anything you
know I got a boot on my car or those
metal friggin yellow boots where you
can't move your car and do anything and
it sucks
um I promised that I would give you guys
a vlog telling you what happened and
what the deal is and whatever it
actually I got pissed off because some
guy wrote to me on my Twitter he was
like you're not above the law and you
gotta pay tickets just like everybody
else and like well fucker I am NOT above
the law nor have I ever been above the
law
like in fact I know like so many girls
that I know I'm sure you know girls like
this too
they're like I can get at any ticket at
any speeding ticket I like cry and I
like you know flirt with the police
officer and get no that does not work
for me
ever ever ever ever ever I've never
gotten out anything ever like every time
I get pulled over it's like BAM here's
fuckin bajillion dollars and tickets for
the next ten years every time I go the
army it's like BAM
you suck pay everything under the Sun
that's like it started my life so I fuck
you for saying that and I responded to
him hey guess what the reason have a
Buddha my cards because I haven't paid a
bunch of parking tickets because that
broke his fuck like I said in my video
you think I lie to you people
no no why when I said I broke his
fucking broke fuck come on I got got two
hungry mouths to feed here three yeah
peanut butter and jelly and shit
whatever
okay so story is basically January
December or whatever I went out because
I work at the estate on Saturdays but
Thursday nights there is like this epic
gay night like not like lesbian gays not
like you know whatever it's like
shirtless beefy man pieces fist-pumping
have a great time I met Jujubee from
RuPaul's Drag Race but she wasn't in
drag like it was just like Jujubee and I
look I go right outside
Susan you look like Jujubee I am Jujubee
and I like lost my shit like you know
lots of girls have met like you know
celebrities or whoever I have never felt
like that I was like Judy I love you
like I your fucking so fierce whatever
we actually share a dressing room at the
estate um because she performs there on
Thursday night so I was like it was a
good night I go upstairs you go into
this little bathroom that no one knows
um to go pee so we don't to wait in line
with men dressed as women so you need
Kim my friend Kim and I put because no
one knows this bathroom is there I put
my purse on my phone on the counter and
it's only like a to stall bathroom and I
hear the door slam from outside and I
like come out of the stall and I was in
the counter and my purse my phone are
gone so I like spray into the club like
looking at watch somebody down like I'm
I knocked that man over in his heels and
crushed his face in and we didn't find
my phone we found my purse like 20
minutes later with like everything taken
out of it and it was actually the
Thursday before Black Friday whenever
that is Thanksgiving ish I don't know
and um so I called immediately because I
was like this motherfucker is gonna take
my debit card there's a little bit of
cash there's like 40 bucks and I was
like this motherfuckers gonna take my
debit card and go shopping at Black
Friday starting at 4:00 a.m. starting in
like three hours so I was like I
cancelled that I like erased everything
from my phone remotely or whatever so
that's when I had to get my first new
iPhone before the other girls smashed
mine in so my boss sucks and I'm a
lesson so I don't have anything so I'm
walking around my passport which is
weird
and it the picture was taken I was like
14 years hey hey what picture was taken
I was like 15 years old - everyone's
always like yeah so as of like I've
lived in my apartment for a couple years
and usually when you get a new resident
sticker you just take your license that
has your your resident address on it
over to this little office and costs $8
to get a new sticker and they give you
like so once it's 2011 once a turn
January first I had to get a new
resident sticker but they give you until
January 31st to do that so they don't
start ticketing your car until February
so I was like all right I got you know a
month or a couple months to get a new
license because you can't get a new
license until you pay off all of your
parking tickets so I had a bunch of
tickets that I couldn't pay like because
it had been a lot of money like I had
tickets in Boston I had tickets in
Milton I tickets in Cambridge and like
like stupid stuff like for example the
tickets in Milton we're from parking
outside of the office which sucks like I
can't go to work without getting a
ticket Thanks and so I had tickets in
Cambridge and tickets in Boston for
stupid stuff or whatever and it had
gotten to be like you know $400 or
something so I was like you know I'll
pay them off little by little and then
go get a license well it got works
because as soon as it turned Fabri where
ii first I started getting tickets on my
car outside of my house like non-stop
this woman was a parking Nazi remember I
told you up with those car lashes on my
car
and I was like someone's gonna give me
taken feel like fuck that bitch that's
exactly what she did like I got tickets
at 7:00 in the morning and then I'll get
another ticket at like 8 o'clock at
night like and you're supposed to be
able to have like a visitor pass so you
just put in there and that's good for
like three days so as long as you like
moving your car around and not parking
the same spot or like leaving it there
then I'm supposed to take it your car
doesn't matter I will get a ticket open
it up and say abuse a visitor pass I'm
like are you kidding me like just give
me one day one day lady well you don't
give me like a $35 ticket one day no I
would get like two a day so for the
entire month of fact then I really
couldn't pay off all my old tickets and
all my new tickets in order to get a
license in order to get a resident
sticker let you see how this is like a
tangled web of complete garbage so I
finally get a boot on my car
fuck whatever now I have to pay to get
the boot off of my car once I do that I
have to pay off any other outstanding
tickets from other cities from 2010 in
order to go to the RMV and get a license
that I have to pay for but it's gonna be
kind of hassle but because because my
license has been stolen more than
because I mean more than one or two
duplicate licenses in the past five
years or something like that
I need like my first certificate like
crazy stuff and which takes forever and
I always I always mess it up somehow it
always gonna set up every time I go
there wait like three hours and like go
home you forgot X Y and Z's I'm like duh
mother fuck and then once again new
license I get to go back to that office
pay eight dollars to get a new resident
sticker and put that on my car so say
serious family that I have a a new
ticket and violation noticed get a
ticket with a blue bag some fucking
straight up garbage it's cold out I have
to walk all over there I'm not happy
about it
I just walked all the way to the end of
my street and realized I forgot my purse
sometimes we go back more bad times
Hey oh my goodness
hello how are you right kitty hey where
you going hey hello hi kitty good are
you oh thank you
hi kitty no I lose katidis bye kitty
alright so I just paid the city of
naughty the city of Nazi parking and it
what really it is six hundred and
fifteen dollars and I walk in there and
the guy just looks at me he like starts
laughing like what is a nice backpack
$615 please hold oh fuck
fuck but they said they're gonna have
the boot off my car within like an hour
something and then I get to go at some
point over to the RV and sitting that
lovely establishment to get a new
license and registration all that jump
off so I'll probably get a few tickets
in between now and then big deal just
put it on my jab oh I think I see them I
think I see them I think they're taking
the boot off my car ready for a mega
pack that's how long I've been gone
that's how long just took me in a walk
there they are you took the boot out
wait wait walking what can I say car you
know see Bob oh God
oh good little car yeah good car so
worth it no I really kind of liked
having my car having a boot on it is
that I couldn't go any no no I'm not
above the law
I'm fucking balls deep in the law all
right
I know rules it wasn't like I was
choosing to ignore them can you afford
like thousands of dollars of parking
tickets that combined all this stuff
together in the span of a month no what
do you do for a living how you like make
oil fuck you fuck sucks this all
happened because that asshole stole my
license this would have been eight
dollars eight dollars and now it's like
a lot of dollars I'm I'm like really mad
at that person I hope karma comes back
to you and like makes it so you lose
your nipples or something in like a
freak nipple accident that's how angry
yeah I just wish that on you
