we're in Harvard Square I know it's a
package say we're having a great time we
just ate quote late burritos delicious
well we split a chipotle burrito because
we decided if we each get our own
burrito that it was going to put us in a
food comas no we're gonna pass out first
we need to make more vlogs no this thing
right here
no what no what
I don't know I don't understand what I'm
not supposed to do just know just know
sounds like my mom
no no what honestly though it's always
like the first awesome day of the year
for us in Boston because it might be the
first thing that it's above like 35
degrees exactly you'll have to wear like
two letters today yeah certainly a
t-shirt on and a jacket
you know what happened if this girl
could make a night of facts that you
probably get your fucking six free beers
every place you go I see you I see you I
see you oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah yeah
kill you
already
