all right I just woke up and last night
at the parcel party sophie turner was
there who's very lovely and sweet and
nice and I unfortunately got drunk
because she got there late she well she
wasn't late but it was late when she got
there and I was drunk
there's still fun she was very nice and
very beautiful and very awesome and then
after Sophie left I went outside or I
got my bag I changed out of my little
sparkly bra and whatnot and I see this
gigantic catfight happening across the
street like a fucking gang of girls
screaming and yelling and throwing
punches so what's the first thing to do
I reach in my pocket and grab my phone
and I'm like oh let's go make a good
blog that's dragging a catfight so I'm
videotaping this from the other side of
the street like right outside for Kane
O'Reilly I'm standing right there
videotaping this fight happening across
the street that everyone is watching
next thing you know some girl comes up
to me takes my phone right out of my
hand
scream some obscenities that mean that I
do not remember and whips it I'll cross
the street and the kingdom come and I'm
standing there like I'm about to go to
jail I am going to punch literally
everyone in the face that's on this
street right now and she's screaming at
me and I remember being like I'm just
trying to take a video of you guys
selling punches you are the one sign
punches and now you just whipped my
phone in the kingdom come now you have
broken my phone you are the one being an
idiot I'm videotaping it and now you
fucking take my phone and break it
but here's what my phone looks like this
is my nice little iPhone 4 that I just
got my do I just got this recently
because my other iPhone my first iPhone
which was an iPhone 3 was stolen it was
stolen so I just got this and now it's
like it's completely beyond repair and I
was I really wanted to go and punch
everyone in the face but this very nice
girl I had interacted with earlier in
the night was sweet she was nice she
came up to me and she was like I'm so
sorry for all my friends fighting and oh
you don't want to fight them like just
you know go home we're really sorry so
sorry about your phone and I'm like just
Larry I'm like okay oh I don't really
feel like going to jail plus I just
worked here and everyone knows that I'm
you know Jenna from parcel and I don't
want to know it's me XE it's business
it's me see yeah so now you go to the
mall and get a new phone and I'm pigs
gonna be like $400 sucks so we got $400
just buy a new phone look at all those
groceries I'm pissed I'm so
