all right so it's Friday morning I'm
feeling very overwhelmed today um start
is what my hair looks like I'm it it's
that's just what it wants to do I'm not
gonna argue with it so that's what it
looks like um so for those of you on my
youtube channel that don't know I work
for a company called barstool sports
stool all on my blog is part of it so at
the top there's boss in New York Philly
bar salut su la la so I'm part of that
family and my boss Dave Portnoy or I'll
press as you saw in El Presidente wrote
oh shoot
he he's who I work for and tonight we're
throwing a party we throw lots of
parties and events and stuff tonight we
have a party with the lovely supermodel
Australian supermodel sophie Turner is
coming to hurricane O'Reilly here in
Boston and yeah so I have to get you
know my blogs updated a little bit
trying to get some some video like I got
my my notebook full of genius ideas that
I'm hoping to shoot this weekend and all
that stuff I also write like one or two
blogs a day for barstool you so I'm busy
and replying to emails a little ed junk
whatever but something like press runs
all of Barstow pressed us all like the
business he does he manages everyone
like me like all the writers all the
people and and he writes the blog
full-time so he's like he literally like
doesn't sleep he never goes to bed but
the one thing that press doesn't have to
worry about stresses me out more than
anything is that when we do events I'm
always there and I always like do
pictures so like I'll be standing there
and like you know a little promo girl
outfit you know like hug everybody give
everybody high fives and like yeah and
take pictures we and press can just blog
blog blog blog blog all day work all day
throw on a shirt or like
five minute shower don't want shirts of
jeans and go over to you back dad is not
how it works for me that is not how it
works
I like I need a shower and do my hair
and my makeup I didn't make sure my tan
is on point because all right this this
is the original reason why I want to
tell the story usually my friend Kim
hello Kimmy they used to write pursue
Allah ah is in charge of getting all
outfit so she'll get like you know
couple matching like whatever for us to
wear then we usually have like a t-shirt
that we cut up and do his shirt and a
skirt we were like belts and shoes and
blah blah blah Dave for whatever reason
decided he wanted to get like this is
like second-hand information I have no
idea what's going on press called me and
then Kim called me and I don't know
what's going on I just like show up um
but David was at Victoria's Secret and
my dude is like 33 years old doesn't you
know he's not like a I don't know I
don't think he has any particular
knowledge of bras and stuff like that
and he's telling Kim on the phone I want
I've got this red sparkly bra and I'm
gonna get it for all you guys and Kim's
like do you know everyone's sizes he's
like there's seven girls seven girls
he's gonna get this red sparkly bra for
but you know Victoria's Secret you take
the first seven bras like chances are
the first ones a 32a and the last ones a
38 doubled be like what are we just
gonna like mad grappling whatever sighs
so so I'm overwhelmed today because I
don't know what's going on tonight
like we obviously I need to get my shift
on and have time to get ready and make
sure I look presentable so you got to be
there like 7:00 and like all I know what
I'm wearing right now is a red sparkly
bra and will anyone else press and what
else what else that we went in I don't
know I like as far as I'm concerned
tonight I'm wearing a red sparkly bra in
my vagina
so I need to
get that Elle mystic spray tan to make
sure that you know my vagina looks
presentable because all we're wearing to
a Mardi Gras party
there's a red sparkly prop and yeah so
that's why I'm feeling a little
overwhelmed today and there's there's
poop on the floor that I need to clean
up so I got blog but I gotta get naked
and get that spray tan because I mean I
can't just wear a red sparkly bra with
my pale body and you at least need to
have like a tan vagina if we're gonna if
we're gonna make this happen and have a
good event it's teamwork
you bring the red sparkly bra I'll bring
my tea and vagina so that's what's going
on today how's your day
