okay yeah what's good you sexy
motherfucker son well first of all for
everyone who's always asking about what
that song is in the intro the one that
I've been using most recently I've left
it in the comments before but I've never
actually told y'all in the video it's
it's called pray for me it's by my boy
Andrew Garcia if you sleep in on Andrew
he makes dope really dope music pray for
me is off his new EP it's on iTunes and
also there's a music video on his
channel so I'll put a link in the
description if you want to check that
out it's been a super busy week I was
like struggling the other day to get
this video done for this brand deal for
this app I needed a tall girl like they
really wanted me to use at all Asian
girl and I was gonna fly in Nicki blades
my homegirl Nicki blades from from the
bay to shoot this video but then like
her shit got like delayed delayed and
cancelled we couldn't make it work so I
was on Twitter like yo Twitter find me
the tallest Asian girl like who was a
tall asian girl I need you for a video
right now and Twitter came in clutch
delivered this 6-3 Asian girl in the
area thank the universe and thank the
Lord
that videos up on my main channel right
now if you haven't peeped it go peep it
I'm here with my homegirl Vivian yes and
I don't know if you can tell but Holly
yeah
if we were to slow dance let's see uh
yeah
adorable and when a tall girl dates a
sore dude he can eat your booty while
you standing up and speaking of securing
the bag and getting this money I got a
new show I'm doing with you know the
improv comedy clubs we're like doing a
live game show I'm inviting all my fans
to come through buy some tickets come
through to this shit cuz you can win
actual money and you ain't got to do
shit but it'll be shit like yo do you
have a special talent do you have a
weird body part do you have like funny
underwear on and then the audience votes
on you and then you can win like real
cash money
imma be in Irvine on March 20th Oxnard
March 21st 1st Ontario March 22nd and
Brea March 27th that's all like SoCal
area OC area
if y'all are in the area and I feel like
I think it's 18 and over thing and if
you're 18 and over come through get some
tickets yo it's gonna be fucking funny
all right because we're trying out this
new show we're doing I'm having special
guests with me come through I link in
the description for the tickets and
lastly if I look a little sleepy right
now I've been um shooting like all night
shoots this week for this slasher movie
and um and we've been shooting all night
at this crazy crazy house up in Beverly
Hills
shake it out almost so this is what they
trying to do yeah you got it both you
you almost got it my second day on set
for this unfashionably stretch I'm not
allowed to say what's the title I'm
Alexei is every party from at the after
party half is it after party at the
after party but for the Aptus are :
parentheses semi-colon parentheses the
after parties semicolon parentheses
which is a winky face actually but
either way it works so we're in this
like crazy like 10 million 15 million 23
23 million dollar house hello and we're
like we're shooting some more scenes
today it's a this is the first like or
means the first like all-night shoot
we're doing and it's actually gonna she
is flying in like next week and I'm
still gonna be shooting this like night
if something have to be like hi babe can
i tuck her in and then go suit this and
then get a little like 500 and then go
do like wedding things with her you know
talking to the camera
sheesh so this house is crazy man so
yeah that's it man
twenty three million dollar house
this is like I don't even know if I
would want a house this big to be real
like it's a comma cut like unnecessary I
mean it's beautiful hey how's it going
oh my god this is crazy
you like it's like the Starship
Enterprise and shit Star Trek reference
oh no this is my real camera oh my god
there's an elevator it's like the Willy
Wonka Chocolate Factory
you gotta be lazy out there though Oh
for real I mean it's like it's only it's
like one floor you got it yes you got it
there you go there you go I like like I
like her is better can you do it do hers
go baby go baby go oh hey hey hey
killer killer
oh hey Tony Oh what are my boobs
what time is right now though it is 322
in the morning but on the east coast of
622 oh you want East Coast time right
now no I just wanted to be extra oh oh
this man is super sleepy we film it and
um well uh director Tony how's it going
let us know okay I can even joke around
on it so uh so happy an impressed you
know I don't need you to joke around bro
you can have a really nice genuine
conversation on the floor oh thanks I do
have a person Tony oh yeah
what happened to the side of your head
like where Horatio Hegel I don't
understand why bro so I hadn't come by
no no he used to have crop shit and then
I was just like I'm not coming here
until I made a movie that I'm writing
Draco and then so I just chopped it up I
got time happy boom and I can I cut my
hair for this movie - y'all remember me
I had the bun I got cut it just for this
I bought my machine wrong voice
I got circumcised for this movie
the unedited did you know not being
circumcised since birth though Tony only
circumcised though it's the last day the
last day of Black History Month no need
to know from all of our white co-stars
what they like about black people
uh-huh starting with her she wants her
hair to look like mine like the West
African culture what Devon what's wrong
with the East African culture I don't
know yo pians and Kenyans but they've
got they've got the mouth Kilimanjaro in
one day okay well let there at oh yeah
what do you like about black people I
love black women it's so strong so
beautiful also they all got to be sassy
black women stereotypes I know they're
amazing I love black people in general
dance well they're oh yeah what that's
other good dancing shoes what do you say
black
what about you what about me what do you
feel what the black people well I love
about black everything the royal pain is
this clean your highness
Thank You King shit
