so I just landed in Toronto and I got
greedy about a couple fans hey what's up
just go comments on all my shit um and
you got me a present from there or you
made me a build a all just see what he's
wearing though does that mean this was
going kind of a conical t-shirt okay
cool thank you girl I'll let you through
thank you she brought me a pen because
she wants me to sign her boobs what do
you want me to blow up now
yeah but I'm probably a thumb here and
then sign I love what Karen okay right I
love Karen I sign your name okay okay
what's what's up what's up we bout size
lady Karen
anything okay there we go
oh shit no no what you doing - okay or
animal sign my name
you sign my make sure there you go boom
there you go a civic you Michelle
especially before but not like a music
now a little open dinner they have a
dress up and we stand in that table does
not even seats up here I don't know how
to do it like that but we are here you
know everybody's dressed up in share
Latoya what's up
okay hey what's up will let them know
let them know you do not look manly
right Malian boss anybody look it's a
good man lien buff though you know
they're okay
what good what what's up dog how are you
it's true I crave it out let me tell you
guys man
Madison taro talk so much shit about
everybody this man is not at all not
this here we got Anna you say what's up
back again in the vlog with good how are
you oh my goodness you sold you shiny
right now yeah lovely
I know right oh if y'all didn't know
she's African yeah shout out to Africa
shout out to Angola shout out the man
that's racing every year buffer fest
they do this limo shit we're we're we're
in the limo right now what's up
everybody hello
alright so I just got to the red carpet
age at the dominant screening may have
buffer fest you Tommy got your bottle
out here yes
Oh inappropriate - yes stop
that's a strong driver this clearly need
us on the video
disrupts
all these shoes three of them it's all
men
okay so I grab some food with my Toronto
um what is this which I'll take me bro
what is this it's called the good piece
of a good beat all right homies don't
miss out I saw it was going what's gonna
buy let's go bro
hey what's up dude it's awful my mom's
told me laughing about the money
but damn it makes life so easy yet and
then people all around me will start
acting funny but those are the ones you
don't keep about awesome here at uh just
rings but stop fucking my spot hey all
wants to come over when I don't live
here anymore
oh when I'm living here not home when
I'm staying here when I'm air being
being here we having a party just ranks
but oh my god never mind it's just
safety hazard bro but also I noticed
this over here I noticed this shit right
here the penis poke y'all remember when
I used to rock your penis pokey book all
the time it's the best icebreaker for
when you like China gets mad and like
because like you know naturally when you
with some females you what you just want
to take your dick out right but then not
everybody's down for you just take your
dick out with the penis bogey book to
keep weights leeway to the penis coming
out in a humorous way he persuaded its
so they're open about every sort of guys
girls rappers kids dogs you name
specially grandma yes
if you're not familiar let me show you
so you push it you dig through the hole
right and it's like your dick is like a
singer and a hot dog and all your de
banana was the funny shit for me because
because my dad Kurt's the right so it
would go perfectly ok ok go perfectly
with a banana breath oh oh you got a
soggy mess I love dog doo-doo juice dude
up doing dog office
you are me ray oh you go Dan that's
actually so beautiful
alright I'm gonna get a little loft in
Toronto haha oh shit Oh Magoo the
cameraman final nachos or buffer
festival leads up with the boy
with the boy now and we out here
rich chicken young no man loves a rich
nigga what's up dog gonna see you again
this is not mine
you know it's a little hotel after-party
team no no so originally I told you I
wouldn't be able to visit after I went
to Toronto cuz I said I was gonna be too
busy and I had to go back to LA and I
was like babe I'm not gonna have time to
hop on a plane and go see you in yo city
but I got a little plane ticket as a
surprise she has no idea I'm coming
right now
I had to like text her pops and be like
hey can you come pick me up I got a
surprise
Chea today and he was like of course
make sure she was home all day she has
no idea I'm coming right now I'm just
the best boyfriend in the whole world
you know so um at this point she already
saw me through her blinds good after I
rang the doorbell because she's not just
gonna open the door without seeing
woodies but you know surprise hey how
did you do it did you not see it coming
no yes how did you do it where were you
when I was fixing yes mmm
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
