my mom always told me laughing about the
money but damn it makes life so easy yet
and then people all around me will start
acting funny but those are the ones you
don't keep about it on that shit I got
my own real pretty
hoppin around being stupid pretty good
pretty but MIDI yeah we out here what's
up y'all say what's up say what subset
of law and hold on let me get that for
oh my god my phone's about to die sorry
everyone
ah what's up say was go say what's up to
the vlog hey what's good what's good
Museum in on that shit that focus oh my
god oh yeah I'm getting I'm getting real
names and I'm getting names and
everything say what you want to say
Street your shot right now shoot your
shot it's lit its lit say what you gotta
say
shhh they say what you gotta say right
now okay and you got you got ten seconds
ten nine eight seven six five four three
two one
bitch okay so what was happening right
now is I'm still doing the streams but
pretty for some reason asked if I'd ever
watched hand tiles like yeah what's him
somebody somebody up here that brought
it up okay somebody bottom hand sign the
stream so I feels like I've never seen
hands on before I was like yo let's let
stream you watching hand time for the
first time and I figured let's vlog it
as well so here we go
what's good good morning you sexy
motherfuckers guess what I'm bout to
head back to New York up to handle some
more business out there you know I'm
saying I got this special package right
now and I'm not talking about my dick
you know that this package right here
and I want to open it real bad it's to
me Timothy DeLaGhetto okay let's see we
got a card Oh for our creators Timothy
DeLaGhetto you make the world smile sing
scream laugh think you make the world
more interesting we hope this playlist
any little gift of thanks for your
enormous hustle we'll help you with that
what this is
here whoo we got some sexy new
headphones from master & dynamic Thank
You YouTube love you my mom's told me
laughing about the money but damn it
makes life so easy yeah and then people
all around me will stop acting funny but
those are the ones you don't keep about
now so I'm here in New York waking up
it's a beautiful day
check out my view yard shit is crazy
look check this out damn that's that
good shit right there boy
hey views what's up man let me know we
walk down Oh yo yo Santa God Oh baby we
out here he invited me to be on his
podcast so I was and people was tweeting
me like y'all go on his podcast so I was
like I fine I guess I'll make time he
greeted me with this giant fucking dog
what's this what was what was the name
with his other horse his name's Charlie
ha ha ha
this dog it's like a bigger oh my god
hello Ella he hugs - I see that hey it
was cutie hi
last time on to New York you know I shot
a video with Lisa lamb moans and I won't
just no no no trust me just me just me
watch check this out look look how--look
how dope hello looks good yeah right and
I asked you like not to meet details
shit oh it's perfect you know I got like
my acne scars it's just so this shit
kind of like now it's a little blur
whatever you put a filter on this like a
low-key like a low-key kind of like oh
is it recording
yeah that's like a lucky low-key kind of
blurs and look at that she picked up
lunch how nice but I'm not putting out
nasty yeah a nasty
shy of 4 million platforms what smarter
a person I have been watching now it's
not quite see these are the morning
watching 16 year old every cupcake I
want everyone to kind of walk away okay
so I stopped by my good friend Rachel
here at MTV she's like like the boss of
me I'm really not
and as I'm walking around I noticed my
big ass face he's all up on the walls
and shithead and it gets bigger every
year
why do you not have pictures of me in
your little cubicle I um mmm no I do you
up but you just like right over here
okay right next to wallet out I'm gonna
like send you just like a life-size
cardboard cutout of myself it's really
dirty right next to Michael oh you can
yeah you can be right there right here
how about that okay I'm down your really
big one I'm gonna send you something for
you better hang it up okay no I hang up
he said I was a quail well yeah so late
what do you come here watching dog well
you're trying to get a haircut I know
this is interesting
oh there you go oh my god she says the
best ball yeah oh you missed forward the
head the motto closer if you want that's
because it's not I mean he's not this
full already I know doesn't occupy like
oh you want me to record you while you
did you my own Johnny this guy okay
shout out I'm overweight awake if it
Hakeem's as
let me tell you see I'm an MC
I know what's going on because I had
earful lyric okay
shoutouts to seem geeks we're hooking me
up with some 399 tickets by the way you
should download the app it will help you
find the best tickets for the best
for your best like for good amount of
money hi gallon it already because this
is ridiculous like is it a sold-out show
uh-huh and you forget it and for free I
mean they're not going to do that for
y'all
yeah but they will help you get three
tickets for a cute price we are super
close it's a it's a you know a we are at
intermission right now all the things
are good you can't get a bad true it's a
really cozy theater you know airplane
right now
this was built for people in 20 I don't
have enough space it's all that well the
foyer Mary
oh that's um I'm chillin I'm comfy I
could cross my legs right now you do
what you want when you pop in you know
think I'm just being the bootleg Chia
today I would say it's just like my
chance
it should be called you should actually
look like a little drawers like beachy
at burden
and I'm on Erasmus gear it's not
purchasing here's why you're the aunt
idea though Chia would have got Eminem's
really oh my god JGF she woulda got M&Ms
and she really liked the rapper and I
like being French people don't share
like I offered him you should get along
I didn't want you to say yes cuz I want
them up yeah but if you took it a spot
also me and she go to playing time
my bag
and she can have her man tonight
good morning you sexy motherfuckers I
had a good time in New York New York is
always fun I love my friends out here I
love the food out here Hamilton was the
shit
and and now it's time to hop on a plane
right and early head to Toronto for the
buffer festival um so I got like a
pimple on my nose and shit all that
cheese from a couple blocks ago man
don't fuck me up the Royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
we made eight dollars today
damn it man we need some guidance I got
an idea something that only we could do
time travel can machine okay we doing
this why don't we try to help somebody
out first mr. Franklin Catherine Nova
mr. president Edgar Allan Poe you are a
garbage person live in a garbage life we
gotta kill Hitler I'm a little horny man
if you could like keep it down please
I'm only working on the Declaration of
Independence over here racism Rick we
got to do something about this
I love Asians we did it we ended it yeah
so what do we do now look the gun party
with a pony father
you
you
