all right so it's the afternoon time we
got another hotel room because uh we're
getting ready for the Streamy Awards
tonight um all right at aghori I got
nominated in for Best ensemble cast like
Artie one so for escape tonight so so
big up to us uh but now since I already
knew I know we won that shit I'm like do
I need to go to this shit I don't even
know how I feel like going anymore you
know but whatever you know it should be
a good time we out here once again we
got a line here what's that look so
what's up didn't make doing cheese make
it what's up baby oh I look nice you
looking kind of nice right now
very nice you look like someone already
put on a little someone on your face
tuned you for that perfect 360 app on
you you got the perma perma smooth app
face you're good to go
wha-what so long with the lines gonna
start blot of a vlog and soon I'm gonna
try you got a YouTube channel I do have
a YouTube channel yes okay I'm gonna put
it I'm what is it I'm gonna put it here
it's not money true okay I can give you
the spelling okay cool make sure you
subscribe to her channel she twerks she
um okay okay no she doesn't talk she
doesn't talk but but go check her out
anyway
thank you once once you hit when she
hits like a thousand subscribers she'll
start Tory a night that's what she told
me yes they just a thousand that's all
this work why she hits all the torque is
worth once she hits a thousand and five
subscribers she's gonna twerk be alright
hello gently aren't you scared are you
scared are you scared
where are you going I wanna scream ease
I hate being sunglasses indoors guy but
I guess that's the move tonight
oh hello mamacita blow blow blow send
you money for doing my face can you spin
can we see the hole fit please
a-alright Oh Cassie hello oh damn oh
damn
don't get that what were you doing oh we
had a little uh wedgie shitting my butt
shaking your butt shaking my buff but it
was a one-time thing and you missed it
gosh darn it
we were walking forever waiting forever
to walk the red carpet
we've been waiting forever to walk in
here and we did not cut my fucking gone
I'm going through fucking hurt please
heal
I got one of those Spanx I got two
layers of bangs on right now
yeah little bit
okay cool
trying to get free movie
tell me why the bar back there is super
lame like during the show like
motherfuckers are loud and hit back
they're getting drinks I can barely even
hear the people presenting
Oh
Hey
Oh
Hey
after the stream is last night she and I
decided to opt out of the after party um
she's sick
and you know I suppose really in a
turn-up mood you know I just wasn't
really in the mood to answer uh hey bro
which we working on all night you know
I'm saying because that's what kind of
happens that like these like like the
more industry shits when there's a lot
of like industry people around so um you
know I'm just kind of like you know
let's go home but go back Hotel order
some room service
um watching TV sleep sleep now it's the
end of the adventure I'm shipping her
back to Canadian home it's smelly but
then I'll be back for Canadian
Thanksgiving Canadian Thanksgiving is
just like our Thanksgiving except for
the instead of gravy on their mashed
potatoes they use syrup um they carved
the turkey with a giant hockey stick
yes oh you're such a whore it's poutine
stuffing um and and they go and then go
all right here's what we're thankful
aboot oh and like the main course
instead of like a honey baked ham it's
honey big moose so should be pretty you
should be pretty lit it is too early for
your Chanel shouldn't
when I'll do have food videos I got a
comment someone's like you trying to be
like William Haynes and I was like oh
fuck William Haynes
and then I looked it up and he be doing
food videos too real similar to what I
was going what's up bro am going doing
pretty good what can they find trace it
up you can find me on youtube.com slash
people be like you can also find me on
William Haynes TV where I just dropped
my mixtape Tuttle Vista may check that
out so we out here at him and his
peoples here yo what's up well plot
Entertainment hey they hit me up and
they're like yo what you want to do like
a try some Thai food video and I was
like sure man let me show these people
that uh you know IIF with this dude
there's no beat on it you have no people
that it's not yet on Food Channel beat
yeah yeah I'm not talking I'm sorry
write something about me on Twitter or
it's over - hey I already got it in my
drafts right now just in case you were
an asshole I ordered them a bunch of
like bomb Thai food look for that on
people be like yeah and you know
opposite I might upload it to my channel
too because I do it yeah we love your
stuff - okay thanks man what just
happened bro all right in your words
there was a deceiving eyes driveway it
really was it really was like the
interest of the driveway was fit with
like this and then the driveway itself
went out like this so I hit it and I
didn't know what happened my car we just
kept driving and now the bumper fella oh
this little front thing came off
hilarious
nothing happened yeah there you go good
out of sight out of mind I'm doing this
live stream on the live star app I've
been using this app to stream every week
if you're not on it
get on that shit I got my homegirl
pretty and around being stupid
oh my god oh yeah I'm getting I'm
getting real names and I'm getting names
and everything say what you want to say
shoot your shot right now shoot your
shot it's lit its lit say what you've
got to say this is your chance to get it
used to be like at least 100,000 views
but now it's only like 60,000 views
because no one's like you know people
sleeping on the vlogs but Shay Shay say
what you guys say right now okay and you
got you got 10 seconds 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3
2 1
bitch okay alright so I'm back in the
booth cuz uh this man smashed it I was
good you might know as I said he
produced my fresh with me and Joan Lee
and he produced question remix that I
got on from Michelle Martinez and I'm
here with who are you sir shit boy is it
again mega yeah mega with a period mega
with a period and we here we're at his
studio right now I'm laying down I'm
laying down a little verse for Megan Lee
she's a little a talented a little asian
girl this is her single what is this oh
no ok cool I mean eyes down me meow no
me up he was like a write write a verse
with his girl song I was like I bro um
and uh so you know I tried to write some
like some some like something that could
be like you know some poppy shit but
also like you know I try to throw some
bars in there when I can um you know you
know it's been a while since I put off
some new music but we out here we bout
to start working on some new shit soon
right
right dude yeah yeah yeah word
absolutely and I was like would you say
yeah oh no I was said it was good oh
okay thanks
and of course you know before we got
started I was like a man can someone get
a bottle though cuz so we get a bottle I
got your back like cake so lose weight
if you meet me yes and baby I'm City
like we say I'll be on the new plane
Halon I'm gonna go way back like it love
the bra the roadways get everybody I
know that you got your phone with your
mother buddies always know your best
shot
Jaden Bonaparte we believe me when you
see better open on this way
Oh
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
