so fuck David so oh hello the camera
with no faster buyers good morning you
sexy motherfuckers it's a beautiful day
it's the morning after the roast it was
a super success it was such a good time
everybody cracked up I haven't laughed
that hard in a really long time you
wanted to be just like Will Smith you
followed in his career path
but he's tall dark and handsome and you
are well you do the man
who would have thought that having your
friends make fun of you in front of an
audience would be so fun and so funny
and I'm just glad everything came
together super dope I'm gonna have it
edited and throw it up on my channel
like soon so stay tuned for that it was
so funny bro so now me and she are just
getting ready packing to go to New York
my baby she's so sick this morning babe
I'm sorry I wish I didn't have to fly to
New York right now with you I mean I
mean not the with you fart no I'm saying
I wish I wish I could I could wish I
could take care of you I wish I could
take care of you I'm not I'm saying I
wish we didn't have to go to New York
not not that I'm mad that you got a
majestic trauma now how does one explain
the sir and fill any feels when he's not
sure what he's feeling but he knows that
it's reward we are here in New York
shady you know I'm saying his beauty
Conde hello how you feeling today baby
so sick what's that
Oh mucus tissue yeah yeah so we all have
a bit uh beautycon I'm on a little panel
about digital creators and crate and
shit digitally come she's sick so sick
grub so sick but it's okay we out here
trying to have a good time you know get
her a bunch of little makeup samples for
your blog and for your face and sis oops
nothing
get out of my business yeah hey what's
in here yeah
what is this like underwear sis yeah he
kind of anyway this your so invasive but
um what what is this revision nothing
fell under way looking this shoe he's a
dirty finger okay that's what you said
I'm alright I'm alright
crickets all right so I'm in this over
on my way to beautycon and look who I
ran into uh hi she wasn't just in the
over when I got in she was outside the
hotels are you happy my over but what's
up yeah how are you so much right chill
out you gonna be doing a beauty con I'm
just going at makeup basically that's
why she came along hmm makeup all day
hell yeah oh we look like a little
Neapolitan ice cream right
look who oh my god oh my god oh my god
what good chairs so Giannini are like
best friends now and shit true
shit right now
I know this is all for me I went to go
pee right now rancid is dude yo yo I'm
like yo what a lot do we do have we met
and he's like
what do I know you probably like why you
all lie fuck out it
what's good man we out here man I don't
know we just happen to run mile oh ha ha
got rid of that
oh yeah comes back ok cool ok oh yeah oh
yeah man so it's what we was doing
oh hi hello
give you like so let's all give you so
and life
back day
good you're good I have nervous gym
nervous pee I have to do everybody quiet
one more panel look in there
okay I respect that like right here
absolutely
I know because I got it
right
okay so we stopped by to the after-party
Oh
so finally Roy's room was like why are
all like the live feed girls everybody
gone trying to take my girlfriend like
earlier amber was like yo
you wanna experiment
No
by ground zero
is kind of crazy
so we're at the Westfield World Trade
Center Mall which i think is like this
is a good look guys what do you think is
this too big I know it's kind of like a
you know it's a it's a it's a look the
giant coats shirt you want the black one
is then yeah that's just that's it's
cool
and it's how we look Oh perfect right
are you gonna put the black on one on
one more time where you have decided
made a decision more King my pad yeah I
just found in the trash can speaking of
trash cans your butt Steve smells like a
garbage disposal
alright so after doing uh doing some
shopping you know I'm saying I stopped
by the bathing ape store like I always
do when I'm out here banging on my chest
you know um so baby you've bought some
Tings there I bought some things at the
store that I wasn't even going to go in
I spend a little bit so much yes name
and I now we're walking to this little
Italian spot we like to go to out here
you know it's like fast food Italian but
it still bombs called a peon O's there's
only one in New York and Miami so
whenever we're in New York
oh my gosh whenever one New York we got
to stop by so we're just walking through
Washington Square Park right now getting
some cardio in cuz we've been uh just
eating and sleeping all weekend the
right way um who knows baby who knows so
we're finally here I killed like half my
pasta already before turning the camera
on I'm sorry baby how's that so yeah so
how's that
ravioli and then we put some creamy shit
in there
worth the walk piranha penis is clean
your highness thank you King shit Tim
you're so fucking full yourself man like
who the fuck has a roast this early in
their fucking career Paul did you 40 how
did Tim get a girl like chill see
because Tim Tim is what I like to call
ugly yeah you know I'm Sam but it's
funny because you never see Rick
anywhere unless Tim got him in and I I
forgot about Tim just like 93 percent of
his subscribers now I really want to
thank Tim for for helping me out
throughout the years with my videos
confidence teaching me how to cheat on
my girlfriend
I'm kidding he's never never helped me
well upon my videos nobody gives a fuck
about Walden al not even it can is baby
mama the only thing that you ever did it
was hot was your ex-girlfriend
Ilyana
