what's up y'all it's been a stressful
ass week man in case y'all didn't know
my channel my main channel just hit its
10-year anniversary so the YouTube space
is throwing a roast for me okay like a
roast of timothy delaghetto but the
thing about it is I've kind of been
having to do all the details like you
know I invited all my Roasters
personally and like I got to hire the DJ
and I've been like just going back and
forth on a lot of fucking emails and
like it's just a lot of moving parts I
just want this shit to go smoothly and
funny tonight I want to go to have a
good time but you know I wanted to get
good roast you know one thing that sucks
is fucking David fucking so I invited
him to come roast me and it was gonna be
super funny I had these hilarious jokes
for him but then he was like yo man so
you gonna hate me but Monica takes it
1981 but he was like yo man I'm so sorry
you gonna hate me but I try to get out
of this show that I had books but I
couldn't get out of it they like said I
already signed the contract blah Blee
blah and so fuck David so I have some
good shit written for him - okay I was
gonna be like I'm gonna be like yo so uh
you know David so that's my boy you know
he has a channel where he does videos is
called a funny fat fit funny fat fit
whoa hey man uh one out of three ain't
bad I was gonna be one of my David soul
burns and the other one was gonna be
like you know I'm gonna dated for a
while now and you know when I first met
him I thought he was a fat annoying loud
ass dude that tried way too hard to be
funny and you know I think it's dope
that uh after all these years and all
his success
nothing's changed those are my David
jokes but hey but it's all good I know
he wanted to be there still love you bro
it's all good now I'm going to pick up
gia from the airport I miss her
she's flying into town from a roast to
watch me get insulted it's gonna be oh
it all right so that's Lola tower room
near the YouTube space venue so we could
like turn up tonight shit not worry
about driving back and forth now we just
you know in this little bathroom getting
our hairs together doing our hairs like
sisters this is what she thought she
does her hair guys well I had my
girlfriend curl it yesterday super tight
they were like these tight little ring
with things slept on it bam bam
oh hello and when I get bring it up - no
no breaks today I don't want to give him
too much to talk about
okay this yeah that works
so like that yeah you flat flatten this
out the way but I don't like don't make
it like a you like doctor no no bumps
obviously I like bumps no box for me
okay you know like I'm so like that
mm-hmm
sound quite centered that's okay just
twist and twist it around
what's the coupons thank you oh yeah I
like that oh yeah I like that
thanks baby well um thanks if you owe me
two yours now
mm-hmm okay so just got sick a little
don't touch that um all right so uh we
getting ready this hotel pop bottle this
shit it's what we ordered some champagne
you know special occasion as a
celebration and um yeah man
so I get the camera with it no we I
wasn't ready to turn up turn up
it's dead I like listen unlike
that I like
this is heaven
dime a dozen traffic here would be
new school kid with the notes so she
should be sad okay should be so low even
for the bat Oh what's going on
my lady you on one line she about to
drink on the job when we get her one
right now
just don't tell nobody you don't tell
nobody I mean it's not like I'm paying
you so now I'm just playing at the jokes
okay she's like okay so I'm here at the
YouTube space I've been stressing all we
try and get this shit together finally
this shit's about to happen I got a dude
record this shit man this is cool I got
three of the comedian's backed out like
I said David's act out oh shit and Icona
just called me said her cat was having
like her cat was throwing up in some
shit she loves her cat so that's for
comedians down but this shit's still
going down I just remember I'm depressed
so I'm not gonna move
I'm still making fun of them Oh baby you
good nice oh I like this outfit hello
hello you excited to get insulted with
me tonight hey listen I am NOT a star
tonight
I think Rick has a couple of jokes for
you
like three people like three people
pulled out but like um let's see we got
oh man finders up here what's good
what's up this pretty ass motherfucker
right here this man is not on the list
they gotta make sure my dad's not
strapped up here you know I'm saying
this up press the bar to open back
open bar yeah okay so I got some of my
favorite ladies here joining me at this
thing we got Alex it might have my
10-year team
what's up Bulova to shame it bad
we got exotic jazz so here's a fun fact
one of my first kids that I shot with
with with legs okay one of my first gets
us out with with Jess I wrote a kiss in
right and Chia before we were even
together really officially was like
they're watching me kiss Jess like 40
times and now I was like you should make
it one believe marry just like okay you
want to have crazy sex while my videos
play in the background hell yes sexy
mother fucker you ever scare were you
were like yeah yeah I was like who would
you who do not want me to kiss who is
this no comment nickel emo no calm
nickel amo have Filipino I'd be like hey
maybe like we know never tried to go to
we ho hey that's for the party that it's
not here with this thank you for holding
my drink
Megan is here what do you my keys out
for you yeah wait all my shadows all in
your tips hold on second
a city's out for Tim Rhomb a high you
put the tie in tiny but you grow in all
those every day Rick with the eat and
creative and together you can possibly
get now is the small things in life that
matter most that explains why you're so
conceited Oh Timmy
Timothy they like it though hey your
career is like your last name it's hard
to understand in too long even other
people from Thailand pronounce Chan soo
we dreamed you would be on TV for other
Asians you would open the doors and
after all your hard work you find the
guy on TV and now no one watches TV
anymore
you want it to be just like Will Smith
you followed in this career path
but he's all dark and handsome and you
are well you do the man royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
