how much if I if I draw a mustache on
Tim if we get ten jets Eric will draw a
mustache on me that I can't wash off oh
my god
nine Jets Tim ten Jets all right we have
to draw a mustache right here pick your
mustache can I break out I'm gonna be
pissed I hope you guys are satisfied so
here I am in beautiful New York City out
here shooting some things for a while in
our promo and I was trying to debate
whether I wanted to you know hit up some
New York friends and go out tonight have
a little adventure or you know I kind of
have some some things I need to get done
on the computer some editing and I
turned on the TV Bob's Burgers was on
the universe made the decision for me so
I ordered some ramen post mated that
shit and your boys chillin for the night
G I'm here at the Viacom building in New
York
shootin is why I'm in WoW and wiling out
promo for MTV some old commercial spots
the bun is looking immaculate nobody
gets some asian girl they hate their
parents no one so Asian girls they hate
their parents you really want to piss
them off bring home a black dude I don't
have a day job I just do comedy facts is
facts
I broke a big green screen out and make
it look like I'll miss them but some
flashy I don't want to do that but I'll
let them do that they want to do that
what wax what what blog number all you
own this this is gonna be like five
night no no 595 all right I'm just gonna
let them see your beautification you get
a I'd like some some popping music right
here and just do like she's putting the
dog filter on me right now
that's Marlena we don't know how smart
the media I say inna cuz I like a little
Spanish with mine we don't know her
social media but if you if you really
got skills you can just see her stat
profile and find it yourself
oh yeah yeah so we here live on set
working on the Wilin out awards these
are these are the wars you see that way
time out we now have to say what it is
it well by the time this shit come out
Oh we'll just cut their part bleep it we
piece of it
these are them and we're using this for
them
dot dot dot how your girlfriend doing Oh
beautiful you boys show them tender
getting the facial not the first word is
there I met a map doll that it would I
don't know just cut that part you want
to see some of the people who in it
check this boot up that's my Uncle Dan
we got this chick she's like she's in
charge of social media shit didn't got
Carrie over there yeah they followed me
on some shit when you get to how to
follow intend follow me like if you ever
like man you're tired of me already
birthday night congratulations oh you've
been doing this oh the you Savannah
versa yeah yeah they need to start good
look you can't even see my arm I'm old
and shit with no room you got skills man
yeah I got you hidden no see I like what
other people oh the camera because my
head is really big when I hold my hold
it like when you be that close uh-huh
yeah do some shit I've you've got the
camera I set out to that tortoise that
had that saved the whole tortoise race
who is looking at us is one yeah eight
hundred babies no child support when you
were tortoise kids I'm working on you
pull out game isn't Megan it was so
strong
dude some kids man one day make
DeLaGhetto his surname like change it
said that's egg my real last name he is
you just start a whole generation of day
like it
hey we I go back to work but this has
been a three minutes and 22 seconds
what's your favorite black dude
motherfucker I hate to say it mother
fuck leg still out here in New York and
I hit up my homegirl out here in New
York because she just put out a book we
did a little video together what's that
this is Lisa R on which you might have
seen her on like guy cold and like girl
cold only guy code and and what else she
wrote a book it's out in stores now so
check it out it's like it's like the
best it's like it's like mo like Moby
Dick Shakespeare status pizza was it all
peas and chill by Lisa Ramos all right
you ever smacked on the first day no
never ever
no never ever no well then I
there's a bright golden haze on the
meadow there's a bright golden haze on
the meadow the corn is as high as an
elephant's eye and it looks like it's
climbing clear up to the sky oh what a
beautiful morning oh what a beautiful
day I've got a wonderful feeling
everything's going my way what's good
now what's up alfalfa on my Instagram
Twitter dis matter honey
yeah I'm funny well he's verified - hey
but Facebook the one thing I don't use
oh it lads what following you on the
last time I chattering me
but everything else probably into what
damn but hey I'm still funny
the check is what the verified cheque
tells you what's really funny it's like
not funny it's cuz you cute you don't
know hello who are you why are you
crying it's such an honor to be Jessica
bring it in bring it in bring it in oh
thank you for watching inspirational
it's probably the liquor talking that's
making me say this but we probably could
have been something and you blew it
yeah you blew it you totally blew it and
I'll be out here you know doing this
Hollywood bullshit you know
no these people don't even know who I am
you know I've been out all day I had
this blazer in my trunk
and I threw it on I was like swinging a
hammer this one
Josie's like you gotta wear their shoes
I was like yeah I guess hell yeah funky
dog let's go
it's not often because you can't they're
frozen you can't even eat them dude
there's laws in California because
they're frozen dog
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you
King shit
