what
what
Oh a nice little view out here to think
oh you got the Yeezys on I like the
season you guys got to get on this you
need a periwinkle see blue fancy out
here up in the hills in the shit you
know nice but hmm-hmm
that's working on but running running
nicely okay you might have to take a poo
and see if the oh man takes poop okay
take a poo I'll bath Hey I'll bath right
here and you poop and we'll see if you
like it not too shabby
what do you think yeah this master
bedroom is crazy prefer the one
yeah same in Venice yeah I think that's
let's went in right now yeah like this
master bedroom is crazy
yeah Oh dead animal okay
another house so me and she refer to
this house as the play house cuz the way
it's set up little rooms little weird
nooks and crannies and shit all right
hey like in this one baby mmm-hmm they
got a picture of me Rick and Eric babe
did you see
this is it for me it's not she I haven't
eat those right here guys
freshly puts her arms out don't
aggressive you already took her armpits
and she put thing in your circle Oh hmm
me Rick and Eric see that's funny and
then there's a piece of bread to
represent Peter this is kind of lit hi
this playhouses
I dig the Playhouse okay hmm I mean
we're just gonna be you know making out
in there as long as you can keep your
hands to yourself it'll be cool
no freaking nasty so what kind of
feeling this guy feeling this guy doing
this guy Barry home eight to the ome all
right here we go we out in the Silver
Lake hipster Hollywood area real nice
area doh
there we go 3 / 3 car garage got the
wine out ready for us Barty hobbies
little pool I don't need to pull bigger
than this ready
this is kind of lit
man dishes life like it's a really
really I would feel like such a like
like a baller living here you're looking
north at Mondale Burbank reporting throw
in the Hollywood sign on the Hilton oh
very nice very nice jeah we made it
okay so meet you we're having a little
photo shoot for her blog where I do my
outfit of the day thing and she had
these sunglasses these Ray Bans she put
him on my head and I was like backing up
to get a good angle and they fell off my
head into this murky dark abyss this
dark murky dark abyss and we're not
talking about her butt hole here but
wall and so I eautiful it is beautiful
eyes it's a beautiful dark abyss okay
all right for the dark in here okay
yours is just dark and it's and so uh
I'm gonna try and reach in there grab
because there was Ray Bans
it was her fault though because I have a
very bulbous head as she does not I was
my father's in there just fine it yeah
just reach in there and grab it okay
I feel like this waters not deep yeah
that's what you say now mister I can't
swim this is Batsuit this is not
effective this is not going to work hush
let me straighten out this wire and show
you that's probably at least like by PD
girl can you feel the bottom no yeah can
you know
yo this is amazing yeah crazy
you're so lucky oh that was amazing that
was pretty how did you do that I just
was walking around I was just like man
see eh
celebration and before we go to the
Drake concert shout out to seat geek for
hooking me up with his Drake tickets as
a dope app it'll show you the best seats
for whatever concert you want to go to
it'll be like the best value you know
I'm saying green is like it's a good
price for these seats red is like it's a
ripoff of these seats so we'll show you
your options buy your tickets get your
tickets and boom there you go you put
ghetto in a little promo code and you
will get $20 off of your purchase
we are here
all right so shooting something special
today we got a special guest at the
house some talk know what's going on man
yeah I know it's Hannah stay tuned
shipping to get rid Manning already
don't let it read Dana already um I hate
on my dude Alex the jewel thief from
know as a judge in internet icon how are
you bro pink good man really excited to
get this going oh dude it's gonna be so
good at me brought aids like a bus full
of people here to my spot to help with
this but it's gonna be good it's gonna
be good
oh my god I keep the dog I'm so psychic
you kicked my dog I'm so sorry
wake up bro we ready for yellow nice
long day let's go we are here grinding
ah
Kristine Mendoza how are you I get that
you bet the shadow all in your face okay
Christine windows how are you thank you
for coming through for this a super top
secret special shoot I got going on yo
the Internet's gonna go like crazy for
this they gonna love this shit look at
look at such a bad influence man bad so
this is her first time acting ever saw
is like when you bring the bottle down
ease her nerves a little bit cheers
Cheers we all hear me now look at her is
this like engagement ring a wedding ring
I married this motherfucker he's huge
you man yeah buddy gave me in this
little man hang on you're known for
union going over love brother yes right
he's making sure he's logging it down
like a lot haha see that's love I'm not
ready for love he said the way my credit
instead of I'm not ready for love yeah I
put promise rings on promises are meant
to be broke the Royal penis is clean
your highness Thank You King shit
