yeah she was a young preteen obsessed
with magazines always watch the model
seen on the television screen looked up
in the mirror and the only thing she's
seen was a fat and ugly body never
thought she was a queen bring your
fucking face tonight
Hey
what
you're gonna get it
with a bad left
talking it shit pop so come and get it
love is like a river peaceful and ease
filming it's always like a secret that
never cookie when I know that it's jus
but our daughter is gonna look like this
like this look at you looking like
looking like a plum looking like a
looking like a chocolate-covered raisin
looking like a looking like a peanut
butter and jelly swirl jar like you did
you supply crate no hose and wipe it on
my fuckin leg these you just ride on
yeah they look good baby
yeah yeah I mean yeah no that's cool not
really myself but I mean it's cute
that's not my style good man what can
you see me picture wearing these yeah
yeah you sure are you sure
that's cute looking like a looking like
a ironed out looking oh oh peace out
my homegirl Ashley from high school she
opened up the spot color which I thought
he had super pop in like super popping
like bucket like lines out the front and
shit I owe this TV show to skits and I'm
mad late so we're not gonna mount today
so David sets up good
hey what's up oh do you I was a high
school with these people that's crazy
right the paramount Pirates are like
don't don't say when we graduate huh got
PD flow directing this shit makes your
record
oh yeah man not gonna shit out let's go
yeah
team skids today bro stressful cuz I'm
late
and they're paying me how's everything
going over here sir delicious um one
thing though can I get some sriracha for
my coffee excuse me near the Asian hot
sauce and with the green cap oh yeah I
know what sriracha isn't want fair
coffee yeah you know just a couple
squirts or something so this another day
another shoe yeah I'm over here what's
up dog what's up dog
I'm over here this man's crib yeah it's
all good I pop it on vines you know and
you know we do it anything I can do now
ain't nobody's popular on any normal
voice that's why I got camera like you
okay on your game eh well here is
everyone's is only mine is up situation
100% I resent understand everyone's like
moving on yeah everybody kind of like
went off
different directions like I kind of did
that Facebook grind for a bit and you
know it's going pretty good but now I'm
on Instagram grind I think everybody's
confocal on Instagram and you Cherno we
out here a so I'm glad I didn't like
switch up and go you're smart
how I mean waste your time oh so she's
trying to learn how to speak French quoi
to left rough but don't go on that the
two and the two is not the same cheap to
batula fuck do this not to you know too
hot to lift up to quit hey hey okay I'll
tell him that the only French I know is
a one able to shame in bed
voulez-vous coucher avec Iran no that's
basic everybody knows that way I'll be
able to shame a fest Memphis method am I
saying that right yeah yeah yeah yeah
wah - laughs rock autumn is a man I
brought you a choo-choo choo-choo left
from the fat Roy trust
- that means some speeding speed clap
that's what got me
no you just only got skill she just
found the fuck up food thank you French
that she just knocked the fuck out you
each other you doing good bro love ya ma
ya know I've never seen this before
yeah man is you know x-men man you know
x-men half Wolverine underneath it's a
beauty mark
I'm Veloster a French x-men yeah hey ice
ax in French yes it is man oh my god hey
hey hey watch yourself okay I got one
last shot I know got me here waiting
love you I love it yeah no shit
it's not good it's okay to do that
she'll have to wait when you see these
dreams I'm saying oh you want it okay
the Knicks awards and they gave me some
goodie bags
I can't this right here mm-hmm babe
that's exciting you like you like that
like this you baby
Knicks I haven't even open the other bag
yeah I don't wanna I'm sure it's just so
good
crazy girls and our crazy makeup Emma
right okay then she showed you she's
showing her other bloggers friend her
look look at all these things and the
bag itself
look oh great women okay now let me do
this okay there's so many things I gotta
tell you so much I can say me my power
my pleasure my pain mmm that was
everything as ever then she'll get it
steal everything you stick up on like
that go me over the water
yeah it's so
it's a celebration tonight we're
celebrating our fifth official year I
hear a couple looking forward by one
hand that's one hand you get together
for one hand to buy those customers they
from now on they go how long you been
together forever that one hand but this
is Lenny
this is so I got some dinner at a
restaurant I like it's called katana um
just like your favorite Mortal Kombat
character Bay where I found I was just
in my favorite yeah yeah yeah I'm a fan
you you are waiting for that they don't
get it I know if you're more combat man
you get that if you didn't get that you
should watch fulfillment in your lame
name and your sympathies go to the
restaurant was Holly with the videos
area hockey fan called kick katana I'm
just kidding
it's like Japanese a steakhouse Japanese
Steakhouse
we had a little fucking tiki tiki
torches and shit a beautiful view of the
street right here they were like hey we
have a reservation and okay so I got my
reservation at 6:30 they're like we got
another one coming at 8:30 so I'm time
for you guys I'm more like yeah I guess
flowers like kay but that shit we're
gonna eat super slow we're gonna stay
until at least 8:30 for I order a whole
second meal at 8:30 hell yeah fuck
you're feeling the turn
it's a random bursary or does it all
ain't that cute
yeah the Royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
