I got a bank failure do anything wrong
not even think hold up a bank to get
that branch on your lipstick
you got this is like the most fire ramen
like I've ever had it's at a little
Japanese market in Torrance Hokkaido
a ramen Sun touka right here it's a
little like a little in the cut spot at
this Japanese market yo this shit is so
bomb right five had my dad actually had
real ramen for the first time like a
couple weeks ago when I when I brought
him here up until then he'd only had
like you know top ramen like package
ramen I know a lot of you guys have only
ever had the package ramen but you got
to get some real ramen one day son oh
I'm over here at this man's house
recorded a track that we just gonna
throw together real quick what's up guys
my name is miles Parrish I'm from Dublin
California shit I'm a rapper songwriter
just chasing dreams man the cod or
working everything up we got some cute
some cute shit for the ladies right
you got yourself a friend here but when
I'm Way up here it's crystal clear that
now I'm in a whole new world now I'm in
a whole new I bought a chicken yeah
let's see the feet oh good birthday girl
happy birthday xie habe tee it's my
first year haptics you happy thank you
back thanks it's been a while I haven't
been here since Thanksgiving how's it
feel to be 45 it feels like 29 because
you know black don't crack and Eritrean
don't get don't start saying I'm old
because I look good El Salvadoran just
start pouring cups of milk because I
look like I've been drinking a lot of it
he needs some milk so now we're just
into LA she was gonna get her herd bid
gonna gonna do something with this these
please really call them trestles do
people father your tresses trust those
are those little those little fucking
vegetables the little round ones they
look like little cabbage balls or
whatever what Russell Russell Russell
sprouts just focus on the driving baby
with no baby
what do you who's your hair your hair
play in the NBA
oh my god are you done Russell Westbrook
oh my god 1/2 mile turn Monica Cienega
Boulevard you mean what are you talking
about a Terrence Howard movie
Trussell in foot he's like he's like hey
what's up with that hair mane what
happened you mind yo look what she did
hello there with your curls I have a new
girlfriend hey just wanted to try these
little flexi rods you know flexi rods
there we see these girls like do these
cute little sex sex sex
killable sex these rods and I could
never do them myself so I had it
professionally done dude his ting again
cool
pretty bad
where you fuck you new year new
girlfriend you know new hair who it is
who this new hair who did it with this
oh damn girl
who is this cook you my name is mrs.
eggless mrs. eggless mrs. Iglesias no
you're not still it's definitely the
perks of having a girl I can switch your
hair up all the time it's like am i
dating a new chick baby you have a new
boyfriend now you scared me babe new
hair twins
yay are we oh my god we are growing
older and getting funner and getting
sexier what do you want to eat for your
dinner huh
for your birthday special birthdays
dinner zig zag shake I want to go to
Shake Shack and I want to get a
milkshake baby times are hard right now
but if you want Shake Shack on your
birthday we can make a habit I want that
all right let me just refinance my
can't afford it three dollar meal not
gonna milkshake to you guys
Christmas is not over here at the sex
castle Chia got her Mophie hookup and
got me this fucking fat ass charger
where you show me you show me baby it's
just like a 20 mm and dollar Oh mah or
something I don't know the terms okay
you can its then this is mo fees newest
battery pack for them extra fancy
because there's the outlet thing right
there you charge your laptop on that
bitch damn son and then a little extra
one fucking fat-ass charger that's crazy
hashtag stay powerful and YouTube got me
this little special treat I don't even
know what this is
woohoo yeah they're fancy hey what does
this say down there just great video Tim
you defecate your comedic skills from
your dad your mom is adorable lol
everyday bra personalized quizzes let my
sock words that's it oh I think these
are all my YouTube comments that's so
cute
whoa you are really awesome I hope you
have a great day I'll enjoy this lol all
your parents are so adorable and dad I
saw your name here too
what jesse has style who else loves Tim
love it so much Oh congratulations Tim
and she is cool but they spot your name
wrong just kidding oh my god
but you made me notice a little there's
a little plugin fees it's cool
that's really cloth it's super cool and
I like that it's actually
comments you know yeah just fake made-up
yeah what is it a certificate well it's
a cheque babe oh my god it's gonna like
Tim we know you've been on the platform
for over 10 years and you've been trying
to buy cheetah house here's a check for
a brand new house hurry up ha don't rip
your certificate is this fake Timothy J
like you know when we look back at the
channel you've created wherein all the
videos you've made an incredible already
the relationships you've built with your
fans these connections are what makes
you to thrive we want to send you a
little something to say thanks for all
that you do this gift celebrates the
uniqueness of your fans your channel the
community and the community you created
together we know how much courage time
and challenge it takes to share your
passion with the world and we couldn't
feel more fortunate to play even a small
role in your success happy 2018 hope
2018 is more ridiculous than 2017
Francis oh thanks Francis that's why
YouTube connects oh thanks Francis
it's not a check though it's not check
though Francis come on maybe I can tell
this for a check yeah yeah so cool
thanks Francis thanks Francis I promise
- I promise to never do a video from the
suicide forest in Japan yeah that's a
good idea
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you
King shit
