okay so today me and chiere gonna go
check out a house not that we're like
not that I'm buying a house any time
soon just we're just looking at it
Brow's we're just looking at it cuz like
you know this is the type this is our
speed like we both like the way this
looks you know so we're gonna check it
out this is a little funny to me though
what this right here it's duh season
yeah what is this for I don't know hey
you liking this baby should think of
this thing me too
we're gonna open up a prostitution ring
me and Gia we want to smash at the same
damn time pretty sweet man
i'ma start doing prank videos and
challenge videos so I can afford it
smell of it
baby like me he liking me suit I don't
want to like it too right right right
don't don't you there don't don't rule
it out okay there you go this is this
can be yeah no this is this is mine oh
yeah yeah there's another one on the
other side I think I like this one
better
yeah so he said little more organized
yeah I can put a mirror here my main
right
okay here we go house number two we're
gonna take a look at you gotta let me
know which one you like better okay I
brought cash
you brought cash she's gonna lay it on
the table I'm gonna drop the hammer drop
the hammer we're gonna throw this bet
like we're gonna slap him across the
face $100 bills I yeah
guys you know how I said in my main
Channel video seven reasons why love is
disgusting that like Chia you know just
kind of lets herself be hairy and shit I
don't mind because I love her
well tonight we're going to the Drake
and future concert cuz I got free
tickets like to see geek app thank you
guys and look what she's doing for Drake
you're shaving your legs just for Drake
yes uh Wow why are you shaving your legs
for Drake um different so what you think
you're gonna feel your smooth legs or
what so as you remember me and she had a
celebrity pass hers used to be Paul
Walker no okay it's still Paul Walker
but um you know obviously she can still
use her celebrity pass so she's getting
ready for Drake apparently hmm that
means I have to keep doing your toes
because you never know who my past keep
you and your little toes will hairy toes
they're lying
dirty' good gal drape doesn't like dirty
feet okay well my feet are only dirty
with them walking on your floor it's
awesome toes like whoa
well um we're gonna go check out some
more houses luckily one of my best
friends from junior high his chick is
like a real estate chick just got her
license so she's helping us out
Sheila we're still getting ready for
Drake in the car he deserves all my
attention she don't never spend that
much time getting ready for me anymore
shake my head lay lay lay Olleh Olleh
you up everyone's gonna ask the song is
lay it down by Lloyd and she trying to
let Drake lay it down tonight I know
you're not sure well you don't know me I
do mm-hmm
spark ball to you when these are those I
really can't punish oh cool well it's
gonna be good for more having arguments
and shit you try to make a point but you
know what forget you put it 300 support
for better horses up there three
upstairs sleep that's nice boys ideal we
think this place is this is perfect and
we don't even have to build your parents
oh yeah so so so my mom's always saying
that when me and she have finally buy a
house we should have a little house for
her in the back so she can like help us
with the kids or cook dinner and all
that and um and she was actually down
for that yeah exactly
true he said we can go travel and shit
but I got this little garage back here
but it could easily turn into a little
house of my mom mm-hmm okay I couldn't
get to stick my mom in here like this
okay I'm the best who else would let
their mom live with him in their
brand-new house not a lot of people hmm
okay so here's the second house of the
day escandalo it's gonna know if I'm
gonna skedaddle
I can dig this bad boy no a dead animal
oh this also has a little house for mom
yeah so this is one of the open houses
where you can just kind of like come in
and look at like if you have like the
code and shit so I'm doing a party here
next week everybody come to DM me on
Instagram for the info Shh
oh wait he can spy on us the leaf off
stranger things you know strange it was
a nice bathroom yeah you like tubs and
baths and shit
can you slam now I can't stand you Oh a
shout-out to Maya for helping me out in
this process she's been dating one of my
dudes this dude named Johnny weathers
who I've known since second grade
they've been together for like ten years
they're married and shit now and so
she's helping us out
thanks Maya yo G I used to never eat
like any type of sashimi or raw fish and
I all my order is my hobby and soya and
soya yo so Canadians say soya sauce
instead of soy sauce
yeah bottle said a is weird man you're
weird also Canadians
take these like tiny baby showers no
they don't I just do it though
my throat is oh you trolled you get a
tiny throat damn but we're taking those
shots too you know to celebrate
to commemorate just his next stage in
our life even if I don't buy any of
these houses today oh I can't grab my
dick let it go yeah done no it's so nice
and it's all marinated
man hang on oh my god Oh skills good
shoe when you had an Asian boyfriend for
five years I'm using chopsticks before
you um with who okay
oh right the Royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
