what's up y'all Miami was good we out
here I haven't been Miami in like nine
years so meeting Rick decided just take
like a random trip to Miami we out here
bro looks good it's a beautiful day it's
getting kind of foggy
so everybody was telling me that's why
should I eat in Miami there was like no
you gotta go to Yardbird all right you
said Busey to micro don't ask no
questions what do you our bird get the
chicken and waffles I didn't know it was
chicken and waffles and watermelon that
made Rick not want to get it we got some
shrimp and grits some macaroni and
cheese and we got Jules Aurora hello and
Herbert double meat damn double meat
just like this burger
she's buddy
just like this just triple date your own
double meat BLT Wow yes now oh yes thank
you thank you kick it down what do I
have to to make you love
yeah okay so I opted straight off the
plane right into an uber in the heat so
I can make it to shoot with
oh and it's her um and she bought me
Thai food I did this is Anna Akana if
you can say that right right yeah on
Arkana
no yeah yeah yeah you anaconda she had a
little thing she wants me to get down on
he ate a large salad ate a lap well lob
salad laughs ala Anna you know ready to
go ready to shoot make some funny shit
you should be real good I actually just
bought this camera I was like a little
oh - same one yeah isn't this the
standard go to camera this is my backup
vlog camera oh the other one's broken
but my other ones a little clunkier umm
so man who you hey y'all barn shooting
this year
yeah
what's this caste name the old looking
one Kagura Oh Congress is there more
room on this side yeah they put like a
harder stuff oh yeah yeah I won't make
sure you get one of these
that's my girlfriend's name oh yeah yeah
oh I like your Japanese sure - thank you
I like this type I like his vlogs going
on as we get in front of the the ring
like hey hop off the uber
I'll finish shooting with honor and
LeAnn was like hey can you come be in
this thing with me I need you I was like
yeah of course what a real friend and
then I came through and she was like I
don't put you on the way man you got
exploit me for what the movie likes can
y'all ready I like because Melvin's I
know is here knows here so I gotta like
step dad already squinted we got a
switch
likewise can be what it is written as
yours may look no you're doing it so you
do it too much love are you wanna be
Asian things like exactly at the end of
the day they all just trying to be like
me
we original yellow bones high because
they do this all the time or you know I
shit out the motsi
it's okay oh no no Chipotle's London but
you but y'all got the Nando's we don't
have
mandozers like oh boy oh boy ten times
better and it got this peri-peri sauce I
know about the we're twins
twinsies come on the cuter one he is a
little cuter and yeah yeah I got my ass
natural won't even need no squats all
wadded up pudding
mm-hmm that's all minors demanded to be
popping shit right damn
so all please go ahead
this tall top of me and day well he
stole all the shit from black planet
thanks
it's just anything to support my peoples
yeah saying my n people's in this shit
yeah
Andy's on pay yeah you know I mean some
true just finished with them now I'm on
my way to another shoe with Lele pons
buying her youtuber you've always grind
okay so I'm waiting to shoot I just left
Lee Anne shit and now I'm over there
yeah and I over it over to be in Lele
shit yeah and but we were just waiting
around not doing anything return his let
around and I'm here with JLo hey there
you go there you go that's a Boy Scout I
don't have a JLo glow waiting around so
no Jay no Lele what the fuck you got me
here doing huh you are the guy that I'm
worth like glue I'm gonna say it click
bitch oh hey don't say creamy I'll give
you a quick back you an illusion it
quick babe
oh wait it's uh just light now it yeah
it is gold an hour
oh yeah well then get the shadow out of
your face you can ask a question that
leaf or maybe you might want to know I
think I should all um what's your
favorite wash the pool what what's your
favorite um characteristics and a girl
favor character sitting a girl
immediately sense of humor the most
important
nailed it um intelligent right here um
someone who doesn't take herself too
seriously
no that's not me actually like no thing
myself very seriously no I mean like
like you don't like you know how to like
make fun of yourself Oh totally right
here yeah yeah cuz you know right here
guys right here some girls just love to
like talk about how deep they are
oh yeah just cuz they think like that's
what guys want they're like no listen
yeah and these like this one seriously
not even girls people in general I don't
like people that are like that
okay but what about physically basically
uh sweet but um sweet a sweet jiggly but
I don't like I don't like Italy like
like cell you lady I mean I don't mind
cellulite like a but that if you slap it
it moves you know oh you don't want like
a firm I don't want to get like a dudes
but I don't want that I just don't like
a but that if you slap it it just stays
it doesn't what kind of butts dude
there's there's been a butt that I've
messed with in the past that doesn't
mean you slapping it was like if you
slap like a bicep yeah that's not my cup
of tea I mean I like that
I'm not I'm not trying to shame no bump
booties I'm just saying that's not like
about these I think well for a guy I
wouldn't want a guy with a jiggly but I
feel that okay that I I definitely I
should do some squats cuz like this even
took me back it's a little jiggly side
is a little jiggly oh good thank I see
is a good butt ice cushion there what's
your goal in the next year goal in the
next year let's look at after goal next
year like by the by this time 2017
mm-hmm
what is it August August hopefully I
will have a movie in production oh
definitely an album out musically yeah
like a wrap oh yeah how do I see this
I'll show you some stuff again hey tell
me that after and
that's cool and maybe a book like this
all this all shit I'm working on I like
that how about you cool oh no that's not
my blog question
this is Inanna guys uh she's really
funny you might have seen her in like a
bunch of like Instagram videos and vines
and shit super funny
thanks this is Timothy guys it's great
it's all I can say about him
yeah about are you can eat him you said
up over I am Canadian ah how'd you guess
that you say about you your boat came
out okay yeah but without what part of
Canada Toronto run in Toronto a boat you
know it's about what's the difference
life isn't that bad about a boat do you
say this a bag bag okay some Canadians a
big big no I know they do
okay so do you say instead of like
seriously I say the same instead of
seriously Canadian would be like
actually yeah actually yeah yeah
actually yeah like actually actually
actually did that no no like they'll be
like oh you don't get I just saw a
fucking Tupac and they'll be like
actually oh no I don't do that I got a
like in the end sometimes like you know
what no you know you know you know
oh that's around oh you know Oh bro bro
I'm not wrong oh boy these reach tonight
yeah fam reach are you you know I got
jumped the other night great because I
said Toronto things getting jump now we
say rushed rushed rushed you got rush oh
that means like yeah it's a Scarborough
turn over all got rusty I got rushed the
other night fan night y'all
Club at time I don't think they have
time anymore opine a team I was out
trying to find a team fam that Cabana
the other night
I got rush modeled Toronto talked
Toronto who's from Toronto guys come up
in the comments if you use this part of
the blog but you own the sunset it's
beautiful the Royal penis is clean your
highness
thank you King shit
