that means horny i and it what you doing
here so what right this way on is like
VIP Instagram Instagram tour and we are
here with Matthew look just wanna like
people man
this may have never been the Disneyland
before you gotta stop stretching to get
into the camera I've never been I was
trying to tell them that like the Jungle
Cruise isn't isn't really the rides you
know it is your first time here we gotta
follow the torso up a little bad form
right now
all okay they got a trunkful girls in
the shower for way too long you could
tell because of the wrinkles look at the
election see if you state the charm for
too long you will turn into an elephant
here we have the most feared that's his
mother-in-law ha ha
okay guys so as Chia takes an Instagram
selfie this is pretty exciting right now
because if you follow me on social media
you know that Bob's Burgers is like one
of my favorite not only cartoons but one
of my favorite shows in general to watch
it cracks me up i watch all the time and
my boyfriend elations you sneakerheads
my new friend elations is he just
happens to be friends with one of the
with the director of Bob's Burgers so
he's gonna hook me up with some sandals
from his sandal line sandal boys and
he's gonna introduce me to the director
so I'm pretty excited maybe I can charm
my way in there get a little cameo maybe
a main part we'll see what's up and if
you want to see these cute ass cake pop
selfies that you're singing make sure to
check out her blog Just Peachy oh no
those won't be on the blog Oh check it
out anyway what's this for that's
Instagram
oh okay we'll follow my Instagram Chia
underscore happy underscore help - yes
so the director diary is showing us a
brand new episode that's not even out
yet and I don't want to be like a
groupie and take my camera where it is
obviously she's fucking dying
I'm so alright so we're behind the
scenes is ready put it all together yeah
exclusive shit right here yeah whoo you
sir is the case I don't know
yo I'm sorry delay I'm a director of
Bob's Burgers ask about me hey hey you
know what not gonna lie not gonna lie
I'll be around like all the rappers and
shit allow it out um I'm Sam boy right
now Bob's Burgers bro
I don't care about all the other people
this right here the I yeah
also in front elation semana put all
together I appreciate you hitting me up
for this man thank you okay you've
uploaded aka the plug well thank you for
hooking me up with these uh sandals
right here sandal boy sandals a new one
we're doing new and
so and then that's one of the ones that
we give hey I appreciate that man huh oh
yeah little baby that's so tight ooh
back to the future mm-hmm yeah you did
that hey take out my trash take out my
trash woman I'm taking the Audi in for a
little checkup
um Sochi is gonna follow me
in the Maserati purchasing in here
I don't oh okay just follow me gonna
close know have you driven this before
can you handle a car this this big is
powerful yeah can you handle it
yes gosh furious god damn it guys once
you go Asian that shit is amazing I'm
telling you it's been great in since day
one before even maybe once you go yellow
it'll make you go
Hera Hera this way here at sup noodles
in Buena Park these right here are the
shaken fries super bomb want to shit on
them we had a thing sriracha
wings drive so Rochester Russia all day
on at Friday huh
on my breath no no you don't know me
what are you doing so my mom likes the
little ceramic animals in my place when
I'm gone she left these cats a while ago
hi Keaney right thanks
I forgot that I had this gold stripes
spray paint left over from when I shot
the prom skit if you guys haven't seen
the promised kids to watch that so I
decided to spray-paint a bunch of random
shit it's prank baited the pike calls oh
alright
see now now I'm like remixed in this
other cat making it nice and goal in man
once used to be white yeah it actually
makes it look so much bigger on a dough
right little peachy's Oh peaches
reincarnated there you go these are the
new guardians of the sex castle right
here named them babe what are their
names the new gold cats
Kovu and
yeah Kovu and Jax the new guardians of
the sex Castle revaruraa well I think
some mojo
Kujo that's a dog Kovu the dog isn't :
from Mike boom oh I never saw the third
line King okay um so these are the new
golden pussies and all day sleeping and
cleaning my place and my bed and what
does she do bring fries and wings onto
my bed onions gettin that funky bread
okay I like your fucking breath bag you
know it's like when you love somebody
you'll deal with her funky ass breath
her stinky ass runt yes color my first
thing they know already I'm mentioning
that her farts are so bad well what else
is apart it's stinky air yeah it's the
air but yours is like like someone took
a shit in your butthole didn't flush for
a week and then and then then put garlic
ranch on it I don't know why I don't
know why they smell like that yo she
doesn't deny it because it's true but I
love him I'll still put my face in it so
stop by my parents house to say bye
because um she leaves me tonight or
tomorrow morning and she she's gonna
Vegas tomorrow with her homegirl right
anyway fast are back ma'am and walked in
on my parents if they had some leftover
Church's Chicken so I was like oh yes we
hear the Thompson chicken and then to
the left here some watermelon this was
not planned okay this was this was not a
planned thing they were just seeing here
grubbing on fried chicken a watermelon
and um and there's nothing funny about
it
is it no it's already it's a pretty good
combo it is a good combo delicious right
hi right good morning
hey what are you ready for Vegas
Oh sleepy you gonna go turn up no turn
down for what you gonna take shots shots
shots shots of water you gonna join a
twerk contest twerking
if you mean being you gonna remember
you're gonna go to the strip club hey
remember what I told you no don't say it
remember what I told you okay good size
only hug let me hug there get out of
here nice but the Royal penis is clean
your highness thank you
King shit
