Oh
follow me hey I'll shoot a music video
with Friday market up haha for the dick
taking a quick click are you when you
need but you know you ain't playing
i'ma lecture ain't no pressure just
don't front like you're very uptight I'm
just sayin
girl I'm Asian I eat that cat like a
stereotype how you doing how you doing
how you doing what's up y'all so I just
left this audition out here in Hollywood
and I'll tell you man no matter how
prepared you think you are
it's like right beforehand bro like I
gotta take a shit I get these random
boners it's like you just never know man
but what can you do man it's like you
just got to do them you gotta power
through these shits cuz it's like I'm
trying to take this shit next level you
know trying to be in these movies man
shit like yeah I was dope earlier this
year to make my little debut on perfect
match or whatever but like you know I'm
ready to be in a movie and play a
character and have like a main part you
know I'm saying like yeah the little
cameos are cool but let me get my face
on a poster and shit son you know I'm
saying okay so after all that traveling
of course I had to come back home from
Monday fun day my mom cooked a bunch of
stuff tonight um what do we got here we
got some salmon caller:yes tuna or
salmon salmon collar salmon collar we
got some shrimps some spaghetti and
meatballs um some fly salad uh and this
right here is like uh what you call this
dad me and time me and come I said again
me and cam me and cup man come man me
and come so you take some what it's like
nothing it's kind of like how to tell
you show us show us show us mom some
night days and what you have here is a
combination of like some manager
shrimp dried shrimp and take little this
chutney and you put on a leaf and mm-hmm
grab it up and them
mm-hmm eat nah mode my parents are
giving me Thai lessons on different
words and stuff what was that was that
word yeah nyan nyan what's that mean
yeah yeah
horny nyan right so y'all always ask me
how do your parents feel about you
making these dirty jokes all the time
what do you think I get it from man me
and Ian is a happy would yeah yeah same
in English yeah mmm-hmm
oh I hear her voice said the co is low
on the sweet music oh my radio have you
seen uh
tell me have you seen why did you leave
go away
oh I've been used to having some fun
illegal Oh Oh fu FINA
so how you doing this another day just
you know shooting fun shit with some fun
ass people um you might recognize these
dudes what's good if it was good you're
all wasting my man damn fucked up damn
shit
fine let me go sit in this tiny ass
chair then damn it's fucked up damn if
they don't know who you guys are or you
guys straight Mendoza Oscar Brando tough
guys I got dinner you might recognize
these dudes from that app that people
used to get on called vine put on now
Instagram - also all that so yeah check
check them out and I just like kickin it
with people that are like my height you
know saying hey hey hey we know words
I've ever sounded
no no yeah no okay yeah you were in the
shotty alright okay hey we're just info
what we just eat though wobble wobble
wobble wobble wait some short ribs
because we sure cuz be short yeah and we
had some fucking strawberry shortcake
and some brown rice because we Brown
mm-hmm
every time you want to tell me what
happened after you ate that we go oh I
shit it immediately I don't know I don't
know what did it I don't know I don't
know the side of shrimp that I had um
but uh I II mean it was like you know
when you go to the bathroom and you're
like and you're peeing and you're like
i'ma just fart real quick and then in
the middle and then mid fart you like oh
that is that is more than what was
expected that's like a special special
delivery on his way
don't let me say y'all funny story man
while we're here one time I was on a
business meeting with like an older
white dude like he's like it produced
shows and television shit and um I
ordered like a crab uh Benedict a crab
eggs benedict right crab cake Eggs
Benedict and he was in the middle of
telling me this long a story about you
know working in the business on all this
shit and I immediately was like I'm
about to shit myself I party cuz I
thought it was gonna be a fart and then
it was like a like a like a like you
feel it the start oh and then you got a
walk carefully to not get it on your
drawers and shit and I stopped in the
middle of the meeting I like hold on man
I got a pee and went and handle myself
and now we got a million dollar TV
development deal together new sitcom
coming to NBC now just playing
whoopee whoopee whoopee aro I'll bet you
bagels no no we're coffee coffee yeah oh
yes loom everything hello and it was
like we're still stop people some people
say peace hippy deep you my kid making a
adore after them but I don't love him so
I'm getting some time in sure wish with
some of my favorite dancer ladies Oh
Megan cookie hello and show me what you
doing here hey hello just a statement
all right you and busted open
what's wide open yeah it's a bit yes
feels kind of strong all right do you
buy today yeah I'm gonna try bite it
okay see yes
in the world good block footage Wow
hilarious yeah whoa damn classic comedy
scared to eat this okay you don't
deserve to be my subject how's it now
that you're ready for it it's so much
ready for me it's so hot I just did this
video with all these lovely people hello
what uh I know
these lovely people don't we break the
only break out and rig it work and so I
did a blind taste test to see who had
the best wings and the results are kind
of crazy all the results are kind of
crazy right now the best wing did you
know that third room the whole mood is
video don't be mean thanks Jim mean
tricks man yeah dick oh you doing dick
drot do how do you know okay I like it
when you get oh my god oh my god don't
throw mag no rappers at me okay um we
just shot this little skit over here I'm
back at her house dude a little skit but
um uh yeah it's not funny this time it's
not about condoms but it's about sexual
dirty Tings see and I'm Sam huh yeah of
course yeah take it my actors in tacos
and cold tacos from Taco Bell shout out
to Taco Bell the Royal penis is clean
your highness
thank you King shit
