why do I have in the stretch of why why
oh why did hey okay bro don't be target
when I'm not it was this
so I'm up on I'm back with these dudes
what's good man what's good what's good
what's cool so welcome to move just soon
soon some real quick what leave what's
up doc
oh hey man hey no way we live in Long
Beach together but we never kick it oh
and now we take Toronto for us so I got
a snap yeah I was checking the snap and
then someone send me a snap yeah saying
is this you oh my god and there's a
sunroof I don't I don't know if I'm like
over there somewhere
yeah you good so your titties oh there
they go yeah shit fucking scare you Paul
I'm sending my snap oh my god hey hey
scary bro not you guys where we at
don't jerk in Toronto on man and I got
me some real jerk chicken some up again
oxtail some up fucking dope curry we out
here and this man is the goat you
Navarro you know what's up Tim we
literally just ran out this guy's body
people oh my god the idea you know thank
you guys guys what's up what's up bro
how's it going man what's up dawg okay
I'm come ceiling ROM Nelly was good
Nelly hahaha so I'm here where am I
my homegirl with me I know I know her
name that's my friend we're walking
around I ran into these Google sub
minutes go let's go what's good
we're just here I ran into fucking
Timothy DeLaGhetto around the world guy
every day yes but so sick meeting in
such a humble dude thanks man I'm
getting mad love in these Toronto
streets also people like Toronto main
city I guess not the most but but y'all
like watch the vlogs and you gave me a
shirt I appreciate it I'm a brand called
out from studios mask from studios
honor I see on Twitter Michelle
following oh yeah hey no problem dogs no
problem yeah
four so four so
alright peace by the glory of the
universe and this kid right here my boy
laid out here on the Rondo with my goal
I ran for the club he was like yo I got
an extra ticket to OBO fan sounds like
bullshit yeah I saw mr. jenks uh-huh
wherever we're at the scene
okay I'll do it I'm in fuck around
do it do it yeah all right you can put
some tutus man what a one-time time man
here at dr. ting and nostalgia - we're
answer each other a man's gotta fly like
that stayed aboard away like nothing man
they're reaching that yuri-chan olio
fasting is i
that means also that means out like hi
and you like hi and a we like and then
we hug hello were you
and we are here wait you know wait no
wait we're not busy little boy forget
out the tickets
thank you didn't his boy bogey they get
boring
hey these guys are good ass time my Rabb
- you know what I got up to get us like
the pizza and Frank and lip alright
shadow like I'm doing I look I'm a
problem right now we out here though
look at stacks just getting more packed
what's up dog is getting super bags out
here and it's about to be what are the
kids in way too wasted
let's make some
show's over Superdome thank you bro for
bringing me personnel mom I have to put
out tonight because he took me on a nice
day damn right I can't wait what's up
doll oh yeah I just missed the meet
greet I love me I'll buy the eggs
we live in we had a wee little racial
origin or their brow all that these
dudes kidnapped me took me to the studio
she kidnapped me took me to the studio
where where where am i and who are you
people
yes sir so here's a fiver now just
vibing out you know I'm saying who are
you Stephanie what's up bro who are you
what's good and we just you know
chilling playing my old tracks and
listening to some a shit you know
possibly get something going in a few
hundred percent hundred percent get
something going in the future yeah yeah
yeah yeah it's going down it's going
down it is going down you have no idea
you just don't know I'll put this up
with all the links cuz they will be they
will be asking I'm a magic TV oh my god
Dean ah put my name right here my G
originally I got this sweet because I
was not gonna throw like a party up here
for all my Toronto peoples I was not
shoot a music video with Friday no no
look what they were like yo you can't
have no more people up so I was like
shit my videos fucked up but we're like
you know I'm saying we're guerilla mode
and this shit out we're making it happen
remember that song we did like two years
ago call how you doing this y'all
remember but we don't we doing a video
for it it's happening it's happening
still you know understand back from the
dead back from the dead
traffic back in action you swagger like
guys back in the cut y'all I haven't
shaved my head damn like like it's a
fucking YouTube snipers in shit or that
kill wax and calling you out oh my god
hey you know wax is um I got a roast are
you a roast of me like a comedy
central's oh really
yeah at the YouTube space on September
29th to celebrate my 10-year anniversary
I'm not gonna be there he won't be there
but we're doing a song roasting these oh
yeah I'm gonna try to be there come
through thank you ladies for coming
through and being a part of my video
thank you for coming through hello I
brought all this alcohol cause I thought
I was gonna have a party and like party
ain't no party but we feel free to drink
it all oh I like these glasses dawg
thank you want to try them on yeah
they're hella sweaty because why they
don't put them on me or they run yeah
they're real they're prescribed are you
near-sighted or farsighted um oh I'm no
silence damn
I got why I wear these like this right
that's a wrap on the music video we
knocked it out e I ordered a bunch of
cool bunch of motherfucking pieces a
bunch I'm on fucking Wayne's bunch of
motherfucking celery but your wife even
watch him up like a white baby see guys
look people always like a Tim man you
don't like white people bow like look I
like one yeah bro look man look it's all
good guy today
are you ready to this shit winds the
winds music video kinda fucking no any
time you want to put it out like shit as
soon as you get it done don't I'll sign
it over
when's your new album coming out when's
it gonna come out by the way this vlog a
couple weeks okay August 12 are you
there
besides modified yeah I'll actually you
have to buy it be streaming damn streams
stream selling it shit
their share yeah hell yeah fucking
Napster yeah Justin Timberlake Facebook
movie brother penis is clean your
highness
Thank You King shit
