so right now we're on a wage that is
nude beach here we have some modeling
some goodie top here goody cakes booty
shorts underneath
Birkenstocks I know they don't know
goody
salon hair by Rick
so at Morimoto which is chef morimoto
hit the iron chef in his restaurant
right and we're doing this like chef's
tasting menu this right here is a Toro
tuna
they got all these different condiments
that you dip with it what do we do all
I'm gonna sell you right now so you you
scoop a little bit of the meat yeah with
that and then you come out you dip it in
what are your there many sauces there
and then when your sauce over here
you dip it into your soft right there
that was like almost avi I think no
clunk oh god okay and then you eat it
is it calmer so what's on this that's go
up that's why
mom this life bro I'm in Hawaii bomb has
food sexy ass chick
so this was like some type of carpaccio
shit with some type of herb shit cooking
some boiled oil sit but hey look all
that's important was that it was it was
bomb like it was it was bomb bomb didn't
man like man if I can just eat a bunch
of shit that I can't pronounce
I'm happy what up y'all greetings and
salutations it's a beautiful day I'm
back from now we thought a grown man
shit happening this month and this year
a lot of things are changing I'm trying
to level up in many many ways and I'm
trying to stay hungry and still crank
out even more content for y'all I'm
trying to just step everything up time
to ten you know so I had to come back
today handle meetings do some laundry
I'm about to meet up with Jeff with some
lunch I let her take the Audi cuz she
had to handle some grown business on her
own and I took the Maserati and handled
my business and now we're gonna come
together and handle our business cuz
it's business time you know I'm saying
okay so we in Beverly Hills be on Rodeo
Drive me and Eric just had a meeting
with with you know good people good
people good people who got to go she
going on potentially possibly maybe with
me you never know so now we're taking a
little break to walk on Rodeo Drive to
see how many Pokemon we can catch you
catching the good ones bro ha T a team
team team what's up bro alright so we
out here huh
I'm doing a little cameo and the only
futuristic music video we out here what
what do you say
okay sir hey hey stop catching pok√©mon
okay so you were saying what steps you
pulling out a wedgie would swipe squat
swipe squat there you go okay Sheila
okay I'll see you there you go what we
doing brother me out here suing videos
on corn on the cob dispensaries all over
here and what you about is you're sick
this receipt you want to hook yeah money
I just want to say I feel bad man mess
you back your groove Hill oh sorry in
the Peruvian on the let me get there
next you stop they're gonna think
they're gonna think they're gonna think
you my girlfriend like behind the camera
because y'all got similar hair wait let
me get that good light
Hey
uh-huh see we shoot our own music videos
while music videos again shot
some grabbing some clean barbecue my
parents right
I ran to this kid what's her name bro
Jacob Jacob why was he doing here we are
here for raisin chocolate for my you
program leaders emotion all right you
know what F will you man you know why
because I used to sell candy to in high
school you don't saying when I was
talking that money and say I sell candy
yeah I don't even care if these aren't
even going said no but you say this work
how you program to use emotion look
ma'am
I don't even care if that's a lie bro
cuz I appreciate I see you hustling
ma'am I see you hustling do anything
making your own money as dope all right
for so I'm nine West Hollywood catching
up with one of my favorite Wilin out
girl
what's up y'all remember me she was in
that skit on the tennis court was it
while I was trying to hit on you
she's gonna be in this get come on and I
failed multiple times just it's just
like real life at the joke that's a joke
I just want to be an Instagram model
that's all I want you know I'm just
trying to get a BT deal that's it man so
she got me on this we've eaten his ass I
Ebola got me on that healthy life
damn it was it was it was giant to say
the whole thing's crazy
happy birthday
happy birthday happy birthday random guy
the royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit all the time the
hard work that you have put into me so
much to me to go from idea that I
financed at a comedy club over 10 years
ago to be here now with over 100
episodes love you all for that and get
out there have fun
1 2 3
you
