they're not old school so they don't
know oh my god to get out the trash man
it's crazy how there you go
how babysit I'm so fun she said aha
she's that boy okay so I was shooting
all day I was supposed to pick up she at
the airport today but I got a
last-minute call for this ABC digital
show to do a little part real quick so
she had to like take a cab from the
airport herself and then like I left my
keys in a secret spot so she'd get my
car and then drive it to the condo so
she's been chilling waiting on me all
day um they hi hello hello Ben hey my
little Khaleesi you abandon me no uh-oh
you're sticky yeah it's my natural
nectar Jaime's natural nectar hmm oh yes
ambrosia you know that is it mmm really
God spitting you frisky I know I got it
majestic trauma now how does one explain
the sir and fill any feels when it is
not sure what he's feeling but he knows
that it's real to take something
intangible Lycia huh what is that oh
it's not it's not a B what it is so this
is Chios face when a wasp or bug i got
you got you here here here hey let me
kill it
what is it hold the camera don't do it
did you see trust me with this just
don't do it is this some form of
specimen of wasp
let me strapped your camera even all
right so we just got a car little rental
car for Wow Hawaii
we were in Hawaii wowie very Maui Maui
Maui wowie we out here in Maui it's our
first time it's fucking hot all right so
everybody on Twitter and Instagram said
we got to go to the kitchen so here we
are as soon as I saw fried spam musubi
on the menu I was like hell
what am I to you got a kimchi fish cake
from Sephora
I'll get your real-life Pokemon out here
guys where is he
bump bump bump bump up a pom pom pom pom
pom pom put 10 he is gonna sell me
insurance ok we're in our room mm-hmm
got a couple pools on deck got this dude
over here Heller do you approve damn it
they brought us they brought us a
complimentary bottle of champagne
because the travel agent told them there
was our anniversary
we got the Segura view das champagne do
you prove madam yep don't kill any owls
hey damn it oh but you know that's fun
mmm dumb dumber yeah yeah I got the
reference whatever alright back yourself
up well funny you know what you do
don't point it this way you monster
don't dawn I'm afraid Mademoiselle
Thanks thank you now I'll take mine I'll
take this Oh cheers Cheers
happy anniversary happy how many
anniversaries is it this is our own se
we've been together for over four years
48 months 48 months that's four years
October November December January
February March April May June I don't
even know what you're counting July
that's ten months
uh 50 happy fifty-eight month
anniversary babe okay thank you
something I don't know why you just
counted your D months it does not be in
five years in a few months
yeah holy shit yeah what are you gonna
do about that
put some wings on it I'm gonna take you
to the fucking Alondra and I'm like wait
how many drop this can't see the song
says if you think you like it then you
probably put some wings on it right I
prefer the original version
it's raining but it's so sunny and it's
so pretty man
good morning good morning what you
eating there I'm having poached egg
hm-hmm with slab bacon and sweet potato
cake bomb but how was everything miss
like fatty bacon
yeah bacon in general especially for me
bacon yeah but today Yolo look fatty ass
bacon is my shit pork belly is my shit
so I was like um but I got here okay I
will oh yeah give it to me
this right here is I'm a local mocha but
it's a fancy at loco moco it's Wagyu
beef with kimchi and a taro bun or fire
bra flame emoji thumbs up penis in sign
language but this shit goes hard so this
one happens to me go shopping
look man there's a lower spot you had
that fountain down there and I captured
like eight Pokemon in the store next
door
oh look hold on see look there's a
little bird see a little bird this
little bird is in your store I see okay
we're not supposed to do too much next
video if you guys are ever in Maui and
you got just random a shopping center
next to the Andaz hotel this fountain is
fucking away pokemons all up in this
bitch
hum babe yeah I was trying on clothes I
can't even pay by the Cure but at least
I saved you a fucking wild rat a table
popped out of her vagina budget ah I'll
put a picture right here good a fuckin
rata
just popped out of her couch and was
like snapping at me they clean that
thing out this what tacos do it's a it's
it's a pokey it's a poke a spot
crawling I gotta do
hello hello my name is mrs. this is are
you gonna like do you want to use like
cool dramatic flips no no I can slo-mo
it okay one two two and a half three
there you go
what did you go whoa what's dig up oh my
god your mascara no you don't know where
to ask are you I was good just asleep
filled in I see no mascara and it's a
beautiful day
there's like four levels of pool so
critique phooey
I have no idea what you're thinking
down to the
it's a cheese jhonnattan I got this
ugly-ass tank top ten from when I was
shooting with futuristic for his music
video and we just out here man showing
this shit you know I'm saying oh yeah
girl the Royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
