hey Happy New Year's Eve everybody this
is the first vlog of the new year I'm
spending it with sexy long here at Asian
bitch in busy to time the v-neck popping
what's uh I have to bring the titties oh
well we decided to grab a little like
sexy dinner out here at katana in West
Hollywood they got the lights popping
little Christmas lies little flames so
what were my daughter number one shit we
keep going like man I'm down at this
buggy
watch the countdown
oh thank you oh my god perfect timing
thank you making really really right now
okay so uh kind of seeing on this
private jet are you blogging the log you
would have been blogging the video blog
what are you writing right old man heart
doesn't know what a blow you were the
kind of people see me hey I want to
write something to let me write
something where do I write he wants you
to follow him on his anger you don't
know about that
oh oh oh I just wrote some cool stuff on
my I don't know so we're working on
Black Tie we're shooting black tie
events right now can they see you or do
they do they see me - I don't know
all right Nick away from anyway grandma
we soon meet self-portrait I'm still
confused as to what's going on so can
they see me enough it's like um is it
live what are the comments it's a
Polaroid is it coming why do I know
they're liking to thing are they liking
it right now we're the heart says we're
the hearts go Tim right here there
what's up y'all so um I got a little
package that's what she said from my
boat my nan say she I have to take oh
yeah I'm a poet and I didn't even
realize it she sent me this dope Mickey
hoodie cuz you know I'm saying I like
Disneyland I mean who don't like
Disneyland you know and um also there's
this plunger which is hilarious she also
got me this little like this little
electric razor thing you know I'm saying
so I could keep the lineup fresh I'm
assuming let's read the card shall we it
says sup to my love when I was thinking
about what I was going to write I
thought holy shit this is the last
Christmas we are going to spend apart
sidenote
me and Shia have never spent a Christmas
together in our six years as a couple
because you know as an aesthetician
Christmas time was like super busy for
her she like you know everyone wants to
get manicures and pedicures and get
theirs coochies waxed for the holidays
so she's super busy in December so she
can never come here I'm with my family
I've never gone there so yeah because
next Christmas we will totally be
together oh my god game changer living
in the same city same house together how
cute I can't wait for our lives to
finally collide in the best way ever I
got you a little something for Christmas
nothing crazy because you have
everything lol facts I think you'll use
this gift I got you because I know you
don't have it and I think she's talking
about this right here because um so
whenever look after I get a haircut I
try to make sure my lineup is always
fresh so I always just use little
portable razors so she got me this so I
could just line this shit up thanks baby
super thoughtful Merry Christmas my
sweet I love you so much
and I will see you soon your wife Oh
baby over
PS can you guess which president my mom
got you she thought it was so funny and
it reminded her of you lol xoxo I'm
assuming that would be the plunger
thanks mom in law mom la mama lo thanks
mama la mil there's a little Millie day
the royal pain is this clean your
highness Thank You King shit
