guardzilla have to be fooled by airplane
in that persona you guys this is the
truth
what's up its own 7:00 a.m. I left
VidCon and a 5 a.m. just switch hotels
because I'm I gotta go to shoot this
while now commercial spot so now it's 7
a.m. and I got like a tower asleep and
I'm gonna shoot this commercial it works
it really works that's the real thing
it's a real sick
HD bruh happy burger proud dad at a
football game to make a camera yea thou
kill my cousin Hamel I get Tim made a
camera spray in a swish hey planet
linearity we were just talking about the
benefits of the pineapple where we ever
you know making vagina taste nice and
make it make you good
really nice really nice boys right
that's a nice boy oh my god oh my god
hey here we go yeah
yeah I do not know how to go hey
okay so right now jenna is telling Matt
why he doesn't have a big Instagram
following and she's saying he takes bad
pictures no but let's talk vibe but let
me tell you it's in that's cute
but funny is I've seen him take so much
time on his on his selfies though no
less where I'll be killing it I'll be
like I don't know don't know he's trying
to help me and help me she hasn't even
following you direct it director fuck
something you need this I mean that's
why I've hired my camera this way as you
can see I'd use that young yes I see
hold on I'll show you Maori pictures 3
boom it's on with this picture great
light let me see nobody not gonna do
either Oh nobody wants to see that is
how she's giving you pro tips yeah that
picture did good for your page okay so
good post more of the new post um I
don't want to say in life we want to see
you climbing a fucking law
me when I'm having a good time my
fucking friends yeah it's as if having a
greased ridin fixer I can't have fun
it's like Jenna fuck
right so I was supposed to go as Hillary
Clinton a question quinton all right go
ask Hillary Clinton because clean cut
them a question at this event tonight
but I said never mind I'll pass on that
because because it's my dad's birthday
yes priorities we got a all your cousins
here we got the whole family and we got
you a present mom picked it I paint no
it's not Rolex you hate it you like that
yes let me see it thank you neither show
the camera
that's your style that should speed you
good okay cool you don't have to put it
on right now okay you don't have to put
touch hi watch there you go and on the
inside it says guess what she is
pregnant now that's Nick next year next
year oh that's good
now let's turn up cheers happy birthday
love you dad
the last one dad what do you want for
dinner you said you wanted some laps
some Chinese laps and they heard about
always fogging up the camera this right
here this shit right here
mmm lobster got some fish and some clams
got some soup
got some mom it night good morning it's
that time in the month who I go visit my
chick up in Canadia and then I'm gonna
find my dad a little side chick out
there too yes yes
I'm telling you that Canada is where all
the best girls are at move over and then
we you immediately but there yes okay
okay when I said we hair of course of
course yeah
majestic hello how's it going how you
doing
so what's going on right now taking your
boogers I didn't have time to get a
haircut before coming to visit she is so
she had her boy Eddie what's up dog
what's up hunter boy Eddie hit up his
boy cut his hair what's up dog were you
Andre Andre
so he's like Andre de barber shaping me
out making me look cute because I was
looking like a little shaggy mess bro me
and bins couldn't make it work so now I
got a barber out here what's up man
thank you bro appreciate you brother bro
if I get even a little bit shaggy I just
like I'm just not as attractive you know
I'm saying but as soon as I get that
haircut my skin clears up my dick grows
a half inch it's like it's all it's all
because of the cut you know the same all
right man looks good how much does she
owe you bro thirty bucks aw babe make
sure you tip this man like $20 give him
gas money pay the man so they're working
on she is Eddie's helping her which is
blog y'all don't just peachy dot C Oh
help me in corn
baby
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
