right so we are heading to the airport
we're gonna fly for 16 hours to be in
Manila Philippines for litter relievers
huh
yeah get in dude what two hours the only
gonna be there with you oh oh oh I think
we're gonna fly for two hours nest niala
so we're flying 50 so yeah so Rick was
making it I managed that kind of you in
the Philippines like a day and a half
um might as well be two hours though you
know I'm saying just to fly back Oh
doing this thing out there there's like
a contest people submitted videos why do
you think they do a good manager of mine
so it's a bunch of fans of mine
submitting videos and the winner gets to
spend the day with me being my fan
mature that's what we're doing to our
people have thought I was Filipino for
years
I'm not Filipino in case you know that
I'm Thai I speak Thai out of my videos
I've said it in handful of sketch
sketches sketches I can't wait till they
give you the key to the city and then
you tell them yeah that's good I'm gonna
be like a sadist in a gang
I'm really hyped to try some balut I'm
like I'm probably saying it funny but
you ready for this duck embryo oh yeah
I'm like one if it goes well I'll eat
the whole thing I'm slurping a juice no
God
and I miss chick chicken I I just
googled it today yeah
whole thing feathers to dig up all that
I didn't all right
Philippine keep
Aladin when I was changing the see I was
checking in for the flight
hi we were in an aisle the head being
the head like he had I'll sleep and I
thought how we're gonna have a bit o
light that's not what happened oh now
I'm in the fucking middle seat or a 15
hour flight and I can only lean this way
baby let me tell you it's a little weird
being on a vine full of tea what other
like my parents let me show you say that
it's given me our @s saying hello
cutie-pie
about to shit all in your mouth it's to
it if to it this shit is eating it's a
heated toilet seat alright this is crazy
rear cleansing let's see what she's
doing here
hello
someone's someone's getting a little
personal down there I feel it Oh front
cleansing what that do what that spray
dude Oh
hmm she's tickling the bottom of the
balls right now mm-hmm
like in my Gooch area right up under
there that's nice mm-hmm ladies didn't
know don't don't forget to get to the
bottom of the balls - it's a sensitive
area all right ah now flush me down then
flush me down I gotta get one of those
for the crib back home you see laughs
all right good give you a little room
tour here um got a nice comfy bed um got
some fruit you know I already ate a pear
here's the view from the room what's up
Manila I'm at the Nobu hotel just in
case y'all are wondering what hotel this
is this shit is beautiful eh okay so
right now we're on a little mini road
trip heading towards where we going and
she followed me
at sea Carlo where we're gonna be
shooting this what are we shooting this
one it's called in Tunisia I called the
management the fanox mints
Hey home again swing starving J feet
champey what it is I had with my camera
I look like it like I got a perfect 360
filter on that look oil thank you nice
oh let's do the first second footage so
he got me at this crazy restaurant where
I'm assuming they're gonna give me some
crazy Filipino food to try I've been
trying to try this balloon for the
longest now yeah oh yeah go some Doug
embryo but a tad maker in the
Philippines had this contest for my fans
to submit who was the best fan right so
now they're competing seemed to be Mike
my furniture of the day that's what the
whole show is about I what's up rubber
you saw my name is dude dudes
Kate Kate the fierce competition it's
going down they bout to fight to the
death in that right can we guess what
this is y'all these are ants yeah I'm
competing some hands raw ants cooked
ants
mmm-hmm second thing on the menu was
some what's this bread but in the balls
the butt and the ball is some soup I'm a
safe most of my evening for the actual
episode I'm gonna let y'all watch me eat
the balut though because I know that it
comes out yeah yo yo yo yo
where didn't we just say those like like
like this not not deep fried this is it
this is deep fried this is how we pull
one in a mouth right now she was crazy
it was wait this is so good ha ha ha
whoo making TV shows so this is the what
do I do I practice uh below here like
the under one that crab what is it I
just like yeah
alright okay I got a little soup okay
okay I drink the soup yeah you drink you
consume first or after to the matter
you drink it now
how does it taste oh it tastes like a
like a hard-boiled egg yeah hard-boiled
egg yeah it's a Filipino delicacy yeah
I'm ready dude I've heard about it I
don't get any hot sauce sriracha with it
the duck is right there oh my gosh right
there
oh my goodness is actually a young duck
it hasn't formed yet but there are like
different ones who look like a Ford beak
and the feathers growing up alright so I
don't eat this bottom part right yeah
the hard part you just want to eat the
whole thing yeah he told you man
it's really really good I'm a nibble on
it first I'm gonna take it I might enjoy
it
but it tastes like egg cancer right
there check out the night I'm looking at
the but I'm kind of way I want him
taking a bite of I kind of wish away I'm
taking the whole thing because now I'm
looking at the little little duck embryo
cocky actually singing all right well
let's do it Cheers you just get the
children up Cheers
no the dot
ah right now come out good yep okay
Donald oh yeah okay I feel accomplished
I feel like I took all this Ducks life
energy into me right now the Ducks fury
mm-hmm mm-hmm duck animal scary
all right I put it on my bill rocky go
see what you did there
No
yes yes right here are you good
Baloo Baloo yeah oh my god yeah you got
a little bit Thanks some of it oh yeah
tastes like seafood
why so difficult
look at it yeah I know that's the worst
part
yeah yeah so this is big so I don't eat
this all right all of this yeah
yeah mm-hmm was that I miss some good
enough that nothing you're right there
oh I think you need just a little bit of
hot sauce already straight the Royal
penis is clean your highness thank you
King shit someone pissed off rate what's
that guy I got this is this oh that is
my dance you know my signature dance
paying attention to things well I caught
the gym that I'm going oh I'm using
genes as we locate it for my show so
fool
