so um originally I thought I had like
some type of like meeting today at like
Facebook and Instagram like I didn't
know what I was gonna be doing and I
walked in and they're like all right so
we have this set set up for you and I
was like wow what are y'all talking
about so I'm gonna be making like a
little boomerang gift and they asked me
what I wanted to do and I was like can I
get him on underwear bro and just like
jump onto that shit and they said sure
what's up brought you doing what's up
how's it going yeah yeah they were like
all about me risking my life and I was
like if I get bucked up I might just sue
Facebook
all right what's up y'all we are back at
it with another sketch but this one's
going on
strictly Facebook so if you don't follow
me on Facebook facebook.com slash
Timothy DeLaGhetto if you want to see
this skit we're doing a special little
street fighter thing today exclusive to
Facebook we got the crew back together
superego what's up dog PD flow with boys
back there PD blow what's up what's up
dog so dumb we got guts and Johnny here
you might remember them from high school
sucks musical we shot that like 20 years
ago it's coming out it's coming out in
another 20 years
of course we got Rick I mean Honda yeah
and then we got all the way from San
Diego what's up boy you let them know if
they don't know I'm really solid on
Instagram her pictures are like super
cute she's like a fitness chick and what
else and I compete and she's not funny
Billy you competes in bodybuilding
fucking fitness goals and shit whoa whoa
yes you like the repair okay let them
know
Hey okay wait okay it hit us with some
bodybuilder poses do no wait hey the
ones on hey bamm-bamm award-winning
right there make sure our phones all
silent please Guinea's rig wearing tight
ass pants now missing up the shot movie
yeah alright so we almost done with this
skit but we got Rick taking off his
makeup right now someone pissed off
break
you won't like him when he's mad I like
looks dumb right now it does it does and
yeah not if you look so long let me give
you a look at oh yeah a good stuff good
stuff okay that is a wrap on this skate
we had to knock it out before the Sun
set where to knock it out we got guess
guess who we are
um um leave your leave your guesses in
the thing I'm me Fabio is him Dhalsim da
da
you've Kermit y'all and we got Charlie
what's up girl yeah oh thank you so much
for coming through waiting
thank you Rick for getting made up to
shoot this ten minute little thing we do
this yes
facebook.com slash Timothy DeLaGhetto I
gotta I gotta be was going on genuine
guess who's in town got what no wait
wait hold on hold on
Andrews here Danny wait hold on I'm
gonna bring you in I'm gonna bring you
in
yeah getting a good life so I gave in
germanity
yeah you all up in her life
Danny RIANZ here we're here at Danny's
the spot we stopped by because fucking
deep rides in town he's like hey bro hey
life I hate son I hate fun I'm gonna
stand first in here am i what you hate
it I love son you guys sure he's got a
guest room
how could you be sad in a shirt like
that but all right so what are we doing
we're taking tequila shots or now that's
okay now we're gonna perform the only
remix after we take you oh you go
hae-jin love you all love you this is
this oh that is my dance you know my
signature dance paying attention to
things
hey get it get it get it get it get it
that is my finger guns is my go-to no I
got a couple yes yes pay attention to me
we're not when he was 15 so this is nice
video this is amazing man go this is the
first song we hear when he was 15 years
old so King do you remember this deal
yeah you had the min you put this on
your album bottle I did with some man
bitch wait wait hold I was so going hold
on when I go like when I go like this
wash it up like that dry the camera to
him
I caught the James and I'm gone oh I'm
your name James as we working for my
shit so food he was a baby when we made
this
friends over here positive
we gotta get up we gotta go running lead
we I got it okay go Tim go to dance with
the with the finger guns will be nobody
to not Accord enough you gotta flip
fucking you gotta like sex it up and
only for a motivate I'm just happy I'm
breathing oh my god so remember
he sold this mixtape on eBay
so Danny got us up here in her pool area
and it's like super cracking it stuck in
the wind built-in properties oh damn yo
it's just like it's like low-key lit I
kind of want a lot of genuine played
here but like that's just me
that would be amazing they're playing
this bullshit hold on wait you need to
pass the camera to me because I need to
show everybody your hip crying my who
your hip bro bro I'm sitting right now
do it you can't edit some music in oh
you can it's more belly it's more belly
no no get my tell me right now I'm in a
sitting position it's not like I look
good
there you go it's like a um it's like a
UH
there people say this is a moneymaker
but really this is a moneymaker look at
that there you go they say you own Lucky
Brand boxer-briefs
are like don't you Jack looks like it's
like a it's like a push-up bra for you
big endorsed go um if you want your Jake
to look it's best
Lucky Brand boxer-briefs it's like a
push-up bra before your dig and then and
then and then thrust three two one
there you go you good
Lucky Brand lucky Brand piranha penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
hey Lord I'm just working on my way yup
but I'm praying everyday you help me
stay yup oh my god yeah p.m. so I'm
finally a good game wait we are going to
introduce it away let's go
turning up awesome middle kids got down
