yo it's been so long since I've been in
the booth oh thank you for giving me the
Technicolor effect bro it's been so long
since I've been in a booth I'm over here
recording a remix for this man sup bro
smash hit he produced my fresh I'm
finally gonna get back on this shit and
um if you already know I'm not rapping
as traffic anymore I'm rapping this
Timothy DeLaGhetto now that's exclusive
information what's up bro for you who's
good at kid classic yep
Gaylord I'm just working on my way yup
but I'm praying everyday you help me
stay up paycheck to check and then the
pay cut get no rest but I'm blessed cuz
I wake up yeah probably ever did was
doubt me talking shit but they don't
know shit about me fake friends all
around they surround me lost in the
sauce seen the light then I found me now
let's put in at the finish line when I'm
winning for the finish in the nigga turn
baby board alright so I'm in this uber
uber in everywhere tonight because um
you know I'm gonna be turning up a
little bit and of course you know you're
not on a drive drink out here trying to
set a good example for you kids
um and I'm just chopping it up with my
uber man here what's up bro what's your
name mr. Joshua Kaufman mr. Joshua
Kaufman from Anchorage where we've
managed Anchorage Alaska Anchorage
Alaska aka shoot you with the a K out
there um any shoutouts bro
yeah shout-out to my friend diamond
Johnson Diamond Johnson with the diamond
Johnson for all the ladies
oh shit in the intro Josh will cop
Joshua cop and I'm taking him to the
turn up tonight we're gonna go crazy
oh it's gonna be like so fun right turn
turn man so turn on the roof huh happy
birthday you were saying earlier that
started your YouTube know why I can be
like because I used to make cameos on
all of these videos thanks memory the
sexy always sexy oh yeah nail queen hold
on let me get a good thumbnail one of my
vlogs of you in a bikini has like like a
million views or some shit oh my god
thank you so much guys I just want to
thank hey man hey bro how are you
okay so now mom away to San Francisco to
watch the Warriors game tonight I got
some free tickets hey Dad olenka go
Lakers
yeah me too yeah what's up y'all saw me
San Francisco and it's a beautiful day
let me show you guys the view from my
hotel room it is a beautiful day in San
Francisco right now and I'm not on your
San Francisco because the dough best
people that SeatGeek hooked me up with
two tickets to the Golden State game
tonight and it's actually a dope app let
me show you what it does okay so see
geek right is this app where it gets all
the information about tickets from all
over the web to make sure like you know
you're buying process is simple you know
I'm saying so for example right so let
me pick a game he
here so then they'll rate the tickets on
a scale of 1 to 100 if it's a good deal
or a bad deal and I'm see these are the
better seats up here and then like you
know they get worse as you scroll down
and the green ones are a good deal and
the red ones are a bad deal and then you
got you know like you're in betweens or
whatever and you also get to see where
you're gonna sit and what the price is
and there's no hidden fees or anything
like that so since they hooked me up
they're gonna hook y'all up as well if
you go to the Me section and then put in
the promo code then cut ching so if you
put in the promo code ghetto you will
get $20 back on your first order alright
so that is my gift to y'all since they
gave me a gift and yeah should be fun
Oh
bragging
I'm ill mohandro pull away
so now they're like dropping on the
Hunger Games okay it's not like medicine
okay
what
maybe see my partner ha all right
it's like anyway so I'm finally a good
game where we are going to introduce a
Kobe City soccer game we are here we
need del oh wow
from here
turning her perhaps order means
something is cold you know
high-five
hi Nikki
she had like
steel toed boots on
you
well that's my black sari
Oh
accumulated by I look like your
chaperone so today guys on this tour
we're going keep your cameras with you
security today fighting everybody for
now you're making sure nobody steps on
my shoes tonight the game is over game
is what's happening right now man irony
I lost my cards man look I'm trying to
walk her to the car to be a gentleman
because you know it's dangerous out here
in these streets
no pretty much I just took him on the
extra lap because that's all he need
that burger ha ha ha so I'm at just wing
stop it Oakland and then I was peeing
and I heard something outside the door
saying some things from some like maybe
they know what was maybe they didn't
like what's up with a man where's just
one thanks hm
yeah hey you know yeah I had I made
Golden State win tonight vinegar you Oh
what was that was that was a song you
knew from the mixtape so that's cool
that's an old-school shit so way hey
thank you both appreciate you yeah hello
okay
my god it's me Michelle Martinez but see
her yo
I'm not even recording
now
Oh Rio penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit tamago massager
unagi Mount Fuji
Oh your heart you die you tell me attack
I am NOT replying um
