what's up y'all happy new year I'm just
running some errands around town you
know handling business getting my car
washed getting my balls waxed all that
stuff and I and I was thinking about
this whole Logan Paul situation right
and um and you know I was thinking about
like how could somebody be so dense you
know and not realize how disrespectful
that would be or how disturbing it could
be you know I'm saying even seeing the
thumbnail I was like ah and to think
that somebody could capture that footage
edit that footage upload that footage
pick the thumbnail choose the title and
still not realize that this is kind of
like crossing some line you know I'm
saying you you really have to look at
like what the fuck is wrong with you man
and then and then I I read his his his
first apology he put up on Twitter
before he put up his video part of it
said I make a 15 minute TV show every
day so sometimes you know like I don't
know it's it's hard I lose track and I
just cuz I'm vlogging so much and I'm
putting up so much footage that you know
I guess he was trying to say that like
he shoots and does this so much tries to
put out this entertainment so much that
he just wasn't thinking about it you
know I'm saying he was just trying to
get out this entertaining what he
thought would be like groundbreaking
entertaining vlog footage you know and
then and then I realized like how much
daily vlogging can fuck with your head
you know especially look you're 22 he's
done this shit right most 22 year olds
are dumbest shit already
I was I was an idiot when I was 22 - I
mean mind you I was a wise I was a live
twenty two-year-old you know I'm saying
I'm you know I'm different you know I'm
different but he's 22 he's making mad
money so he's entitled he's attractive
so he's extra entitled he's white so
he's triple entitled and so you have
this kid who's who has nobody to put him
in check ever you know I'm saying at
this point he feels like he can do
whatever he wants
because not only he's is he making so
much money but also because he feels
like my life is a is a TV show you know
and and I've been there I've been a
daily vlogger like for like I don't know
a month and a half but even even as a
vlogger that kind of puts up footage
like every few days to a week or so
right I get in the mind state sometimes
of like oh I should do this because it
would make a good vlog I should go here
oh it'll make such a dope vlog oh it's
gonna be such entertaining footage you
know I'm saying so this dude who vlogs
his every day of his life he's not a
human anymore
he's not thinking like a human he's not
thinking about someone's family you know
I'm saying he's not thinking about
someone's like dead body about their
spirit
he's detached from this shit all he's
thinking about is this footage is about
to be entertaining his fuck son
it's about to be a crazy thumbnail
because his mind has been rewired to not
think as a person anymore
he is thinking as a my life is a TV show
all I want to do is make this shit
entertaining you know I'm saying because
I was thinking like how could somebody
how could somebody not realize how
fucked up this is and I realized like
when you're when you're at that level
you know I'm saying you're just
delusional bro like I mean think about
think about when when boyfriend versus
girlfriend when prank vs. prank when
they did their announcement there their
breakup video right and he was jesse was
saying that like yo he got so caught up
trying to make these entertaining
relationship vlogs that he didn't know
if he was if he was doing this shit
because he loved his girlfriend or it's
because he thought it would make a cute
vlog you know I'm saying it's like it is
head he's like yo I'm gonna put on this
I'm gonna do these up these these cute
things for my girlfriend but then he got
to a point where he didn't even realize
he didn't even feel like he loved her
anymore you know I'm saying because it
was like it was it was it was he was
doing everything for the vlog it wasn't
even for the relationship anymore this
is why this shit starts to fuck with you
because when you get to a level where
you're the narcissism I mean you already
got to be kind of narcissistic to be a
youtuber you feel me too
be somebody who films your life films
your friends and you're like this is
entertainment row me living my life
y'all like to watch this shit and and
and to be at a level where you have
millions of kids hundreds of thousands
of kids waiting for that video to drop
every morning because this is what this
is all they want to watch you know I'm
saying when you are at that level and
that is in your head you're not thinking
like a normal human being anymore you
know and I think it was necessary for
him to get this reality check like bro
like think about what you're doing
sometimes you know I'm saying cuz
because both of them the brothers you
know they're at a point where they
really they have no one to to hold them
accountable for anything you know I'm
saying that's why you know like man I
hate like that video I saw a clip of
that vlog where they were in I don't
know I think it was like Italy or
something somewhere in Europe and like
it was some like sacred like bridge that
you're you know you're not so it wasn't
sacred but it was like it's like it was
considered disrespectful to to jump in
the water or to get in that water and
these motherfuckers were just jumping
off the bridge into the water multiple
times they didn't go fuck because it's
like it's like who cares about respect
you know I'm saying who cares about
other person's other people's rules when
when you feel like you can just do
whatever you want and get money for it
and get paid a lot of money for it so I
feel like then he just reached this this
this level of delusion and entitlement
where he feel like he didn't he didn't
have to think about shit else well it's
like and now now that he's been brought
back down a reality you know I think
it's a it's a lesson learned do I feel
like we should hate him forever no I
don't I don't think you should you know
I don't I don't believe in vilifying
someone forever because they did
something stupid
you know I'm saying unless he like you
know murdered somebody and like yeah he
definitely disrespected the dead but he
didn't murder anybody you know so I
don't man I feel like everybody
everybody makes mistakes he's 22 he's an
idiot
I mean I met him I met him in person
he's a nice guy in person when I met him
a few years ago like he made a stupid
mistake I mean I don't watch their
videos regardless you know I'm saying so
it really makes no difference to me I'm
not gonna like unsubscribe I'm not
subscribed you know but do I feel like
this should ruin his career know like
people make mistakes that's the point of
making a mistake is to learn you know
I'm saying sometimes the universe and
God just needs to like be like you're
fucking up I need to bring you back down
to life and that's exactly what happened
you know he was on cloud nine felt like
he could do whatever he wanted and then
like and he had this dumbass idea got
some and did a dumbass thing and then
though and then it's just like and now
be like the fuck in like the wave of
like just everything is like fuck you
you were an idiot and he's like wow I'm
an idiot and that's what needs to happen
sometimes and he'll learn from it and 22
I was still in college I was making
mistakes you know I was like when my ex
I still hadn't lived a lot of life I
hadn't learned a lot of things you know
shit changes you make mistakes do I
regret any mistakes I made of course not
because I learned from all of them you
know I'm saying I mean I'm sure he
wishes he could have made a smaller
mistake to teach him his lesson because
with the internet the internet does not
forgive you for a long time and that's
what's annoying you know I'm saying yeah
it's it's it's amazing that we have
people we have a community now you know
I'm saying that will put him in check
that will make him realize the error of
his ways but also people make mistakes
you know like people make mistakes it
happens it happens it happens people
make mistakes he's so dumb I can't
believe I can't believe you did that
it's so dumb meanwhile I still don't
have ads on my vlog channel hello let me
go send an angry email alright so I love
y'all take care Happy New Year peace
