we packed up
we just waiting Alban on say now
point
you reppin reppin Tim this isn't it no
they're a little they're a little more
covered up than this yeah yeah you got
your 60s ankles out yeah your singles
six goals now you know Thai people grew
up broke when a delicacy is just cutting
off the leftover pieces at a chicken leg
and making a whole new dish out of it
dude Instagram a while ago and he tagged
me in this painting that he did of me
and Chia and hold on here it is look at
that hey that's dope just like it really
does though it really does hey what's
your name bro it's Erica show what's the
Instagram it's a juice underscore I'll
put it up put it right here bro thanks
man I'm definitely like hanging this up
somewhere yeah yeah except I'll take it
down when I got other girls coming over
I can't have them seen so when we're
grocery shopping
and you say something stupid yeah you
know what it is what I hate you like
this just wait till i retaliate while an
hour girl and then I'm gonna take this
I'm gonna shove it down your throat yeah
and I'm gonna wait for you to poo it out
yeah and then you're gonna bleed out
your able and and then and then what
what if I like that well then you're
stupid
oh yeah you know no I don't okay
with watermelon and I'm gonna put it up
your vagina and then it's just gonna
fall out
Oh oh my god this is gonna be like hmm
oh yeah nice fun your line is totally
crooked what yeah like really crooked
let's give it
oh I'm getting like some super artsy
makeup angle here should we do it your
makeup no my hair no they look super
cute you're lying you're lying you're
line doesn't need to be straight no
don't read it it's cute only in the blog
comments then we like damn cute
she was bomb but I don't know about that
line fam super cute it represents how
like you know the struggle in
relationships just give and take there's
the left there's one side and they're
the other side and yeah and it's never
gonna be just cut and dry straight
forward you know sometimes it's gonna be
like a little jagged on the road to
happiness you know what you're doing
and it just makes strength so cool you
don't like it too called not only that
yeah true that's how you got slimmer it
up quick baby that's what she said great
now my water tastes like poopoo drink
sangria I want to drink manly drinks
okay
killing it great good perfect
Obed you killing that sit with your
bunch glasses you look like a little
like half Japanese half black girl you
fail the game over
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit then your life that
dick creme popping today those guys can
you guys see Qi is penny this fuck can
you see the lines on her one fees so
we're gonna this Beyonce concert
