like Dora Dora the explora Koreatown it
is a Mother's Day dinner at EMC Iman
travel
happy Mother's Day
my lord
we do that
and Moe Dora the Explorer we got some
calamari
you got the seafood tower got these
screams got a bunch of lobster
got some muscles and some clams and this
booty pasta which is good thank you for
giving birth to me and thank you for
inviting her pregnant thank you maybe
you did all the work all right so we are
back on the set once against you to
another skit we got the lovely Bobby
Dean hey Bobby Dean put up some like
really funny videos about like how to
take dick pics and what other when you
put up um for women to just accept all
uncircumcised people but I did not see
that one but like these except the
uncircumcised penises thank you is it
good and clean dick then you want it in
your life to that to that I mean um um
I'm team circumcised but it's like I got
I got I still got still got love for you
I gather I got love for my turtleneck
wearing and brothers hey bodies funny
checkered videos out man funny sometimes
funny a little bit sometimes and she I
don't know what's up dog we got David
finally in ask you something man
yes what's up and she put it all over
Instagram now I lost my wife my children
and my house I'm homeless and alone
that's very new I had a call Timmy we
set up a fake sting operation and I told
police that there was a hooker around
the block sucking dick for guacamole
then we had Eric call up inside chick so
they opened up a Shake Shack out here in
LA the off of New York and the East
Coast you know Shake Shack is like
basically they're in and out you know
I'm saying so they even brought one out
here and Eric loves the Shake Shack
I do he likes a sack better than in and
out I can say that confidence oh man I
don't know yeah I'm still kind of on the
fans what what do I have to
make you
what's up you sexy motherfuckers it's a
beautiful beautiful day in Los Angeles
California right now just left another
audition I actually had a dope audition
the other day for this movie and I
normally don't get hyped but you know
I'm really kind of hyped about this one
into really funny parts so I just like
really hope that I get it but you know
man you know I try not to get too
excited about these things I try not to
like get my hopes up too much but you
know I'm just kind of like trying to
throw this shit into the atmosphere a
little bit I feel like I killed it I
feel like I did really well in that one
too you never know man like I said
you're gonna you're gonna go on like a
thousand meetings and auditions before
you hear like one yes you know I'm
saying it's all about persistence
consistency you just gotta want it
man so many people give up after getting
rejected a few times and that's just
like that's just not the way to do it
you know I'm saying if it's something
you really want you have to be willing
to keep on trying over and over and over
again because you're gonna fuck up so
many times and she just not gonna happen
the way you wanted to so many times you
know but if you want it bruh you gotta
keep going after it you know I'm saying
I got into this conversation with my boy
Pablo one time and we were talking about
how like you know when we're really
sleepy like he says he's just like he'd
be jerking off and then he gets really
sleepy and II just goes to bed like but
then I'm like mom bro I keep jerking off
until i jizz I don't care how sleepy I
am I don't care if I like soften up cuz
I get distracted and he's like I kind of
feel like that's what's helped you
succeed in your career too that having
that mentality of never giving up until
you get your you know your nut off so
it's one of those special days of the
month because Chi just landed you're
gonna pick her up for some special sexy
shenanigans right now
hey cutie-pie so chia when we got back
to my spot at like six she she felt like
someone saw my bad she fell right asleep
okay she fell asleep it like I don't
know man like six and then she's
literally been she slept until like 11
or 12 ish and then I was just kind of
editing away so I was like you know I'm
not so hungry we had a big lunch kind of
skipped it and like by the time she woke
up I was hungry rather glad I'll sleep
through it
now she's dragging me out of bed at 2:00
a.m. because she's you don't have
groceries because you sleep not being
nasty because you got the groceries it's
not about my sleep it's about you not
having food I had apples and apples and
I had corn dog breakfast corn dogs for
you so now she has me over here at
McDonald's at 2:00 a.m. because she
sleeps at old-lady hours shame on you
when you shout at Cal State Long Beach
go Niners
Long Beach go Beach go Beach your bids
your be at the beach beat your ass so
beat yo ass I'm gonna be Joey you're
wrong with it good morning ya have to
give morning farmhouse
good morning Canadian mouth good morning
eyebrow morning alcoholic
yeah good morning forehead Sochi is over
there shopping for outfit tonight we go
into this Beyonce concert sometimes you
just gotta chill naked girl child a
bunch of shit cute hmm super cute I mean
it's not too short
does he like does your booty comes out
let me see hello can you move
heyyo that dick print popping today it
owes a people that print Oh y'all got
that print popping y'all guys can you
guys see cheers penny that's quick
can you see the lines on her one piece
so we're going to this Beyonce concert
we're gonna go drink some lemonade and
get in formation and what else what
other songs are there bootylicious we're
gonna be independent women panty lines
okay so we're here at the concert at the
Rose Bowl we got our expensive as drinks
our 4c
and it's fucking cold she was looking so
hot earlier but then she slap me used to
look good but she like draped herself
with my giant thank you but he could
fucking cold so we just got here to the
venue security man what's up bro what's
your name Doug hey I'm not gonna get you
in trouble Emma hey get back get back to
work bro get back get back to work
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
