Swink Star Trek repeat cheffy what it is
tonight I'm in a boat just messing
around
so we got this like tortilla pillow and
I wasn't sure what to do with it but
then there's a little thing at this
smash so like
it's true I told him
like he's like he's just like TV plays
this you leave this is well yeah now
we're supposed to collab couple years
ago I never finished my first and then
we asked ever and then he like and he
wrote me a really racist email so we're
at this really nifty little lunch for a
lot of youtubers excuse me
I have your cameras him
I'm you now hammocks him I'm you where
are you now
we are too
I was gonna rock my Easy's as well I'm
gonna ride my users as well but what
we're pinky who dog all I think y'all
got
no this is a lillybot's of pranking
setting it up and I'm saying ladies like
I said I'm still single nothing's
changed here I haven't found anybody
else
I'm Hera
gentlemen don't objectify ya
jeunesse relax keep staring at the
object to go back to the room I want you
to think of sleep each day in every way
you'll feel better about yourself every
time you think of sleep and every time
you hear my voice just allow yourself to
relax nothing will chopper worry or
disturb whipping Mister Softee mr.
fluffy ice creams I want to know
understands about 95 degrees it's
beautiful in the city here here the heat
of summer you're gonna get that ice
cream in your hand with your eyes closed
or look at as fast as you can before it
melts and trust me it's melting
sweepin rex sleeping disciplines all
right now if the volunteers I want you
to realize actually you're the
pharmacist a young farmers today and
you're all on the farm you're getting
ready to milk a beautiful town no in a
second you'll see that cow in front of
you you're gonna get in that County
gonna milk it as fast as you can to get
that beautiful built out of the carrier
Oh God your eyes will begin a build back
out as soon as you look back now you'll
feel better about yourself get ready
guys with your eyes closed one two
heading towards brandcast which is like
the kind of finale of this whole week
we're gonna get to like what do we do
have dinner
like Asians are still gonna be good
okay so we just left this after-party
for for the YouTube thing
I'm with Laci green I lazy going back to
our rooms and the uber man picked us up
what did you just say bro dude I saw you
when I was a freshman in high school to
Central Park meet-and-greet yo dude that
was like what five six years ago that
was a long-ass time ago and you guys can
watch that vlog I have a mean green
Central Park I guess shut down the
police by the police because there was
so many people the police escorted me
out of the park and you were there
that's crazy okay so it's my last night
in New York City and one thing I did a
couple visits ago is I couldn't hang out
with all my New York friends so I
invited them all it's like a suite and
we just had a little kick back you know
so I moved hotels I got a little suite
at the W and I'm gonna throw a little
party tonight I'll give you guys a tour
though before she gets cracking okay so
first we got the regular room right the
bedroom and we got the bathroom you got
the living area got all these snacks
from creators some in and a boss on
alcohol here's the living room you know
it's like a cool little apartment you
know saying and then you go outside and
we got this dope ass balcony where
people can show it's kind of cold I
don't know if they're gonna actually
want to chill out here but we've got a
couple little couches over here some
seats where people can like you know go
down on each other and stuff or watch me
take a shit in there you know you wanna
like party and watch me take your shit
you can do that actually I feel myself
getting a little sick like I feel the
tingling me trought so well you know
it's my last night man I'm gonna like
power through that shit turn up and then
just suffer for the rest of the week
what who Jim oh thank you
green gummy bears are the best coming to
white gummy bears bruh so she's like a
super famous makeup girl on YouTube
what's your channel but for the people
who don't know okay I'll put it I'll put
it up with a little I'll put a thing
right right right here whoa do y'all
remember a look look they don't remember
us y'all remember look man look man back
in 2008 I did an album called
rush hour classic this motherfucker
produced it no shout out the PJ man new
theory salad the PJ no we can't call
them in traffic no more
straight to me thinking like a dad
retired eating right new chick Thomas
gold a cheers thank you for everybody
the cut thanks for coming out
my head cheers Cheers cheers Cheers
cheers Cheers
the Royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
