we are back on the sexy camera got it
back HD 60 frames per second I know I'm
supposed to only use that with slow
motion but I don't care like how it
looks going to New York
and I gotta go to New York for this
thing called youtubers creators summit
they invite like a handful of youtuber
creators to come and just kind of have a
you know a gathering of minds and we get
you know free food and treats and minds
in you know what is it a mind is a
terrible thing what do I have to
make you
yo so I finally got to my hotel in New
York right after like mad traffic and I
couldn't go to sleep cuz look who's in
the stoop in the hallway
hop in a ruckus my phone no no I gotta I
gotta get the money bro take my hobby
Sonam single oh yeah oh you see well now
I'm single oh shit I don't watch your
ball cake though
we is crime
and they like me mandiboy
online
we have this like fancy breakfast it's
Zhaan's maker macaron and shit so I was
looking real like shaggy out here so I
had to come to my duels rich the barber
yes sir
um he's like my NY barber you know when
when Vince is out of town and I went
straight from like Orlando to gia to New
York so I'm looking that shaggy so
what's up bro I had to come be hooked up
you go everybody I just got in this
morning from Hawaii no say you got that
tan Hey look a real Filipino now Hey
okay so now Rich's mom it's hooking me
up what are you doing to me I'm doing a
diamond field for now okay I just wear
what you do all week with mister what's
happening mr. Mackenna hit what did you
call him earlier at least at least
excellent
all right since I smile tired I'm kind
of being it with a knife
over here at where's the flip go by man
you don't know me I say what we're here
cup kookabura my orders in shit
sometimes Buddha see if it holds up to
my mom's cooking though I doubt it
I doubt it
I'm going to the drops like it's my boy
threw shit
no games no shit it's wicked gonna hit
it now away i yeah money shit you super
some okay so I stopped by the MTV
offices to check on the edits of the new
season a Wilin out because um cuz these
lovely ladies are in charge dolly
this is Rachel way all up in my face
no no it's like no don't shave you look
super cute see look see looky here
hey I told you that's so cute you know
you look super cute and so they're
editing these new episodes I can't show
y'all anything but it's like super like
super funny I look super cute right yeah
that's so cute when is it coming out
August 7 7 on on MTV game yeah Oh summer
16 on MTV yes and we can say that now
yes regular MTV so Canada you can watch
us now oh it's gonna be so tight yeah
happy birthday
ooh look at the sexy goodies that
YouTube got me y'all got me some peanuts
no I Pinot Noir I'm just playing um some
sparkling water some motherfucking Rice
Krispies and a sexy-ass box let me get
in that box YouTube what's in the match
what's in the bag coloring book 90s I
can dig that which we got here coffee I
don't drink that coffee taste shaped
like a fat vagina yeah I got some
coloring pencils very dope
okay fancy chocolate creators summit
chocolate whoops
our shoe fairies were not able to
confirm your shoe size in Advent book
come on remember I just showed y'all how
I had that like cool 90s coloring book
yo look at hey what's up look at man the
one day look her says fuck it less color
which is already cooler than mine and
it's all your color in all the bat 90
words fuck you very much
fuck it fuck fan-fucking-tastic come on
man 1084 message to the ladies do it
what's up ladies I know Tim got like the
the ratchet clubgoers like a high key
girl well what's up um my girls are not
ratchet not in a bad way I like those
kind of girls like the girls just like
he got he got everything what's up girls
I'm single
hey booty to be single I've been trying
this whole blog we need to be single and
he is trying to fuck fuckity fuck fuck
hey home again swing star in J feat
traffic what it is
which
and they judge you they do an appraisal
of you which I'm so
yeah oh my goodness okay yeah or I kill
myself
9.8 motherfucker I think of my shower in
here oh my god
a real running man challenge stupid kids
you can see it reflecting on how
grateful we are to still be relevant
it's been a long time that we've been on
YouTube
Oh Danny now I'm gonna get off like I'd
be right motherfucker you know a long
time we out here doing this you - shit
it's kind of a beautiful thing you know
I mean from me it's bill me and Phil
longer than D checks but yeah he chooses
this was a chance go away he's not MTV
oh my god it was all for a joke do this
somebody it's a break look at looking at
what hardware gets you kids follow Kim's
footstep oh drop out of school and you
can be here eating eating spam musubi
fucking New York ha ha ha we have to
make powerful friends first so hello
yeah oh yeah
Oh - exp what's up bro what's up dawg
hey oh oh I was just complimenting dashi
on how he's been killing it lately um
and like he gets way more views than me
now and I'm like that salty about it you
do regginator son that's change it's not
even about that it's about the respect
no it is about it cuz I'm broke thanks
no no no I'm not I'm a DJ mustard no I'm
okay with that but Timothy looks so
funny now he's all buff no reason so big
respect for some respect on my name
it's over well guys we gotta pray to the
6 God Drake Alexander why are you going
through the six hey well I just like a
good game man I know you're not cheering
because hey not over bullshit my leg is
everything now the debatable win hey you
know Lily's into right now haha leg is
up and she got shoes on in the bear what
the fuck come on where are you raised
ha ha be missing oh good good yeah here
we go it all comes down innate I threw
it all come down to this
Oh
oh my god what'd you say I like sports
now Lex Wow gentlemen came on it's only
game one it's not posted on my book that
was ah oh what'd you say what'd you say
call uber uber another condom is going
on Bethany like loves basketball so much
no cook one fan she was like so upset
that it is touchdown and shit
so we out here getting something for
real New York and the heat says when
they said was gonna be amazing right
yeah we asked some like some random has
girls on the street just Dominican girl
we asked her was what's her name pop
quiz god oh man Elizabeth Elizabeth we
asked Elizabeth the Dominican girl
what's the best spot to get some New
York Pizza she's at dollar pizza right
there up the street at the light so
happening so the same happening is going
down rear mind cuz I'm on a diet
haha I shouldn't even be eating this
right now I hate so much earlier but hey
girl
yeah man down good mm-hmm
pariah penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
