what's up y'all it's Tim has a thumb
here just letting you know that I'm
probably gonna spend most of my day
doing this to my dick so fast guys silly
hose everything terminals is all I ever
know so lemme know cuz I really no
winner no okay so I'm chillin at the
Calgary Airport
um and I ran into hell who are you
Kareena hi oh yeah um and uh cyber
awesome
um I don't have my blog cam I'm just
chillin at the airport about to go fly
to go see to you but uh hey the love the
love is real look at this cutie pie this
transformation Tuesday look it is look
who's back on the iPhone blog this time
hey tell them why
oh so I left my camera on the plane
flying back from Orlando and I can't
find it so we're back here
hey the vlog mist shoots like a month
month I totally would have like hit on
you that guy's gone yes this girl I
would have asked you to prom I would
have like carries your books and shit my
little bitch alright so gia has a new
establishment here she moved her
business from one building to another um
what do you call this what do you call
this woody okay so she's an esthetician
so this is your new business it's bit
but this room though what is this room
called
room cuz like if a dentist has like a
dentist office and like a cook has a new
kitchen then what what is your when
esthetician has a new room
alright y'all welcome that she has new
room
um okay we're gonna call it a statuette
Ian since you know if you sell taco with
you have attack idea so this is your
estatua yeah
Nell Chettiar and we helped her build
this little cap this what is this it's
like a oh and Alex we're gonna help her
fill this Alex make sure it's straight
that's what she said but mine's not mine
curves to the right but you guys know
that I put it together and shut up not
cuz you've seen it cuz I tell you okay
so we double-checked five times and
something is wrong with this with the
instructions so we're kind of like
improvising for bravery
and we got to take these pigs out cuz or
else it's not gonna work but we don't
have pliers and we jammed them in there
way too tight so so there's only one
thing left to do don't use your front
teeth alright because it's a ones of any
chips user right do you huh oh my god
you got one out now you're gonna ruin
your teeth my teeth are beautiful
use the side teeth hi dammit don't tell
mr. Edie though shut up you're at either
beautiful Shh
Oh God guys I totally I got the first
one I swear he will get it again all
right cool
apologies to Ikea turns out we just had
to flip the board around and everything
lines up okay so shot IKEA my bad y'all
got good meatballs and y'all got good
furniture sorry right I guess your
boards could be labeled
I don't know listen Harry IKEA you want
to throw me a brand deal give me up book
to get my book email I'm down me balls
furniture of Alex's all day okay
all right Alex looking good Denver Adam
Oh
Monaco oh we did it Hey Oh
Harlem shake it out Bay Toria hey are
you ready
you know that look at someone's elbow
you know miss I bike I taught you that
we did it did wife know I taught you
there didn't I so glad she was having
eye problem so we took her to the eye
doctor and she just got dilated nothing
yet check out these things
oh they're getting kind of big there oh
yeah
where don't you feel high I can't feel
anything
do you like be like like how's it feel
to get you people that elated I've never
had it before
well they're numb she gives me two jobs
one is nothing your eyes are no yes she
says I instantly know nervousness drop
cool doesn't we it look kind of crazy
good that's for sure of it
any mushroom cremini but what like must
yeah and then we got button mushrooms
button mushroom and then we have two
different types of pepperoni one spicy
and one is just normal pepperoni but
they're both Neapolitan stuff BOM
fermented and fermented yeah with
fermented pizza sauce red wine pizza
sauce if my fermented crust oh yeah fuck
your hell yeah Dawson Wales that's it
sit nice how about guys oh now when I
know good morning good morning okay babe
answer me this Rick had this like
discussion on his radio show the other
day Rick has a radio show every week's
co-creators radio if you don't know
follow him on Twitter for the link and
Instagram and stuff but he had the
discussion um and he was the only one
that took this particular stance okay so
would you rather not shower for a week
and um but change clothes okay or change
or shower every day but you have to wear
the same thing for a week I feel like I
would shower every day
mm-hmm like the same clothes that's
exactly what me and Rick said but three
different people that were on his radio
show said they would rather not shower
for a week and change clothes what's the
point
you're still dirty so exactly you're
just gonna get every clean pair of
clothing dirty yo and they were looking
at Rick like he was crazy it was Rick
Meagan batoon um and the two other hosts
of his show okay I have an idea
what me
you and Rick have our own show man we
should it would be so good because like
their thought process was oh you have to
pull back on the same underwear like
that's gross but then it's like if
you're cleaning your body everyday
you're just not getting that disgusting
like right how gross are you down there
you know mm-hmm that's like a girl's on
her period or something I think the same
thing like girls you know y'all
discharged and your underwear is be all
up in your bud and all up in your cooch
and stuff so I can understand it might
be a little more like on it but but I
feel like what if a girl was on her
period like wouldn't she want to shower
every day yeah right
nice hat Thanks decided from I don't
know I found it like in a garbage can
this is the exclusive not yet for sale
annoyed goody
dad hat and if you guys didn't know I am
all the ways I know oh yeah yeah they
made it for me I put a request a man
basically hey I got rods in Atlanta
I can't trust you behind me anymore no
well now we got a dope legging them I
got a man I missed it later Luda
silliness seven are now an hour uh-oh
so artsy
so we're here shopping for Chia's news
what is it up no what is it her new
who's her new room perv
Pernell pity yeah so I didn't know you
could just buy shit like this and then
hang it up I thought like yet it
actually do something special we could
to do to get its frame and everything I
can literally go to the dollar store and
just make myself look real legit right
now alright y'all so next time you're in
some like crazy doctor's office um make
sure you read those credentials cuz it
could just be some dollars store
certificates i or when you go to cheetah
store make sure you read her shit cuz
she might not be an actual esthetician
you know i'm saying maybe she bought her
tickets at the dollar store you never
know mm-hmm you guys this is about to be
a super litte ass night we got leftover
cold pizza leftover spring rolls left
over fuck we got the hour and a half of
the revenues that we didn't watch it we
got left over cheetah oh your eyes my
bad baby
hey you're gonna miss me
do you do miss Mia here yes do you do
you let me yeah
do you I want to know how much do you
think I'm huge
I do think you're cute but am i mad that
you did that to my car still yeah what's
your car good oh yeah I didn't tell rude
what I've put the easy dust on it I
thought of us you don't like that do it
again do it again I'll do it on your
fucking you do it on you die I'll do it
don't don't you matter in all I am mad
the royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
