Saul I haven't known just what I really
know fast god okay so I'm on is a bus
full of sexy ass people hitting play the
slide okay yeah all right we are getting
on a plane epic ass - Colie Hollywood
now he's a miner and a youtuber so you
don't give a fuck about the camera look
who I ran into
look who's at her first YouTube event
Danny real what's up dog what's up dog
I was good bro good how will you be out
here and it's a bunch of motherfuckers
like I don't know but he's my fuck you
know he's moved I don't I know who this
dude is who are these people back here
Bo yeah you don't know I know a lot of
you know a lot are they like minors are
youtubers oh I don't know about I don't
I don't know who this next generation is
but it's all the new carry well damn I
know you bro you're cool
I appreciate hey guys you ap we out we
out here we're out I'm out I didn't know
every day Wow
I've been out Oh now I'd even know what
a coincidence
this man Christopher nothing was going
to stand up
I know Santos Santos an okay okay this
little fucker man his nipples Oprah I'm
like sixteen but I don't know with these
boots I might be seven foot right I used
to mess with Roberto's 511 right oh and
her coochie was at my nipples yeah yeah
I didn't do it standing that was
craziest with girls
I swear to god he doesn't girls hi yes
oh wait are you five four on five
hundred half motherfucker
hey Jimmy Tatro was the only fucking
white boy on youtube that a Tatro Tatro
he's the only white boy that i fuck wait
on YouTube bro but all these other white
boys only Jimmy Joe dog
wait I'm blogging with Jim
Oh
oh my god
what the fuck is great the crazy Capitol
friends it's like
just had like a Loki being green out
here it's all good though it's all love
it's a lot of like 12 year olds out here
one holiday asking hours every every
picture I gotta be like hands to myself
man I'm not trying not to catch a case
y'all here oh man don't play with turn
we're condo loser veggies drink your
milk mother fucking floss your teeth
brush your tongue
vodka are you okay he's a merlot this is
not on our level
I'm trying though yeah like three
chocolate eggs and then you're gonna be
on it I don't know if I want to be on
your level I think it is can we get a
shot I was telling Christopher London
here how like I used to mess with girls
511 right you couldn't do it standing up
because like her couch it was like at my
neck
one time we tried to do it outside of a
house party and I had to like stand on a
bucket I turned a bucket upside down so
I could like hit up on the bag I got to
go into defensive stance and just yeah
he likes taller girls right no I like
where like you've been with the Pinoccio
kids actually right here
yeah okay cheat but I'm saying like you
have to install the guy I've been with a
girl that's 411 I was like six seven oh
and it just didn't work out like you
only get one or two positions that I
don't fuck with it
Loughran look the question is less did
you eat her booty
no I don't
okay so about to do this neat and green
what's up
so what we meeting and greeting meeting
and greeting meet and greet we out here
we out here Odessa Odessa fucking shit
fucking shit what George oh look how
pretty it is out here in Orlando it's a
beautiful beautiful there's like hot-air
balloons and shit I'm here collaborating
with my friend Rachel this is I'm using
my homies camera okay cuz my other ones
broken but my pubic hair does it oh yeah
I see it I see the pubic hair the gray
pubic a so yeah we shot a little
collaboration for her channel check it
out should be good I taught her what
bumbaclot means never new saying all the
time bumbaclot now I know it's not it's
that John Taylor it's not something you
just you know say all the time no I
mystic to love one
wagwan yeah oh my god yo so Universal
Studios shut it down for the youtubers
we out here right now uh Danny oh my god
it's fucking amazing we're here right
now in Universal and then shut it down
with youtubers le g ja it's Sol it
motherfucking alphaCAT follow me on
instagram at elf okay this man's been to
the White House I was supposed to go to
but then like my mom my content didn't
vet which means it wasn't approved by
the White House because I'm so dirty and
shit but we out here y'all here Ali's
not even Universal le let's go to get
outta here Oh Danny here how about I
take you to gal like you dig out bro
take your dick out man Danny take it to
go
do it shit shit my dick no thank you dig
out I'm Kai so like transsexuals like
all day you know I'm saying like we got
the bed it's transsexuals in the game
fill me your boy is drunk Loki Loki Loki
Loki Loki Loki Loki like Zeus his little
brother Loki Oh we taking pictures let's
go wait
we are here panda albicans booty is out
haha we out here panda scandal what's up
bro
go give me your fear ally give up Danny
get in the water
hey get it get it
Dudley the vagina fountain
do it do it oh my god
I don't know where there's no way it's
so wet it's so wet fuck that shit
that's it
hi royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
