oh my gosh look who's back on the
camping trip
tip number two so you guys were getting
it in up there huh in the woods like
bears
bareback bareback and youth we're just
having some money getting some sushi
over here some calamari some soft-shell
crab some yellowtail collar and some
sashimi and some mud so we are back at
it soon another skit for my channel as
always about just hit it like 5 a.m.
last night but we're out here in the
blistering heat we got the lovely love
nice while an hour girl extraordinaire
out here kicking doing yoga stretching a
mad flex crazy flexible
a word
one of my neighbors came up to me and
asked me if I was doing a porn can you
believe that nice kid she was like
you're not shooting a porno I'm like no
I promise you hey what you doing some
yoga yeah actually I've been doing it
for years I absolutely love it girl me
too namaste she know I do so much yoga
when they asked me to leave I'll be like
namaste what sabi you wait here what
Sophia is a Monday Sunday Funday getting
some lunch today this right here was one
of my favorite things to eat growing up
entire is called Khao man gai which
means like you take the basically like
you boil the chicken and then you take
the broth and you use that to cook the
rice in Singapore they call it a
high-end high-end chicken yeah it's
basically the same thing this sauce
right here is so good but it'll make
your breath stink for like two days and
of course we got some like chicken is a
stomach or liver what is it gizzard what
does that mean what is that
what's a gizzard mmm it's part of the
like I am their chicken okay all right
so on one of my homegirls has never been
to the strip club before and I was like
I let me get approval from Chea Chea
approves of me going to the strip club
and I'm damn alright cuz it's been a
minute right rig so of course I can't
bring no cameras in the strip club but
I'm sure you guys just kind of want to
know how it went
um you know it's been a minute since
I've been in a strip club
um so I had to make sure and get she is
approval um so we went to a Sam Toph bra
in Hollywood which is a fun one
um that one is in LA if a strip club
sells alcohol then they're not allowed
to be fully nude um so Sam's hot bra
sells alcohol so they're only like
topless basically
and then the ones that are fully nude
don't serve alcohol so Sam's is fun
because you know you'll have like a
bunch of girls just kind of working on
stage and these kind of it's work at the
edge of the stage you thought your ones
and shit you know um and you know how to
get into lap dance I just was like you
know I have my ones and I was kind of
tipping and like um sipping on my
drinking don't want someone's you know
it's cool it's cool it's fun time is
what it is you throw some ones you chill
you look at something asses shakin um
homegirl had a good time so it's all
about communication you know like I mean
especially since now I'm kind of like
becoming known for shit like the DJ knew
who me and Rick were so every time we
would get some more wine dude would be
like do you two money you two money
these guys just got $1,000 pussy woman's
which is which wasn't true at all but um
so high so it would have sucked if I was
at the strip club didn't tell Gia and
some mugger was like y'all Timothy
DeLaGhetto I was at a strip club um so
yeah you know let her know and I told
her you know if she's ever in Vegas or
something like that she wants to go to
the male strip club I brought this up
before but I told her I was like look
babe I want you to enjoy the experience
fully you know I'm saying so when the
dude is flopping his dick in front of
you and his fucking speedos like um or
let's say you're getting a lap dance or
some shit like okay look I don't mind if
you if you if you grab the dick alright
you could grab a stripper dick just
don't stroke the dick I feel like if you
stroke the dick that's a little too
inappropriate as a little too far so
you're not told us like I want you to
have a good time like enjoy get the full
experience you know I'm saying grab the
dick it's cool it's in your face grab it
if I can slap it whatever just don't
stroke it you feel me
so you know it's all about communication
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you
King shit felicitations Abu Zubaydah's
no ass I mean it was it was okay
so I guess we're going into the big-ass
mansion oh my car is evolving in quick
filing Nemo hope it doesn't were thrown
inside the scale
