all right so I'm out here st. Louis
Missouri for him in Holly's birthday
shenanigans Miss Charlie pearl
well now girls singer rapper dancer and
everything extraordinaire she just
happen to be on the same flight with me
so we grab some barbecue out here in
Missouri I got like a bun like some
sausages some chicken and some ribs and
they got out got home plethora of
motherfucking fuckers and shit and hot
boiled peanuts going in the ball that's
how I bro you here
so I guess we're going into this big-ass
mansion everybody's snapchatting it
right now including Charlie's yeah man I
don't know what the fuck's happening
right now to be honest right now this is
a 40
forty-two million dollar house let's
keep it moving
oh ma has the ball in Italy
Finding Nemo huh right there is lucky we
have the private conversation
personal
now downstairs yeah yeah
here man say what I told you I got yes
like hey go do it let them know yeah do
it
Saul I haven't now so I left st. Louis
early I'm back in LA stuck in traffic as
always as you can see and I'm going to
shoot some stuff with Victor Pope jr.
the Viner I really fuck with his vines I
feel like he's probably like the
funniest dudes online and so you know
they're in town for you to black so I
decided I'd stop by you know just talk
shit maybe get some work done
we'll see all right so uh we've been
fucking on the side there who did you
take down after you two black last night
all right so I can't do to collaborate
with these gentlemen right here last
night with you two black before there's
a bunch of you two blacks we ended up
going through some ideas and now you
know just play uno so you know you know
how it goes finer breath
you think I wanted to drop 12 go
everybody draw after a long day
I had to come visit my dude because yo I
haven't seen motherfucking super-ego the
cholo in like a month man so long
yo in like a month Magneto Magneto Wow
hey Freddy
hey yo out of all my friends hey I have
all my tight group of friends Tim Tim
Tim is the one dude that we get together
and we talk like real shit about her
feelings mm-hmm and and we just go in
deep man it's true it's true good
connection and this is all we have these
like heart to hearts you know like you
know don't get me wrong my like a brick
PD flow those are my dudes fuck those
guys those guys me Eric though we talk
about like our feelings and shit and we
finish up with some fucking spooning em
so we're doing and we finish each
other's sandwiches okay do y'all want to
hear a story about the most annoying
girl I've ever run into look don't get
me wrong this is not necessarily about a
fan cuz I love my fans my fans gonna be
crazy I don't even like calling you guys
fans that's weird to me I just call you
all my supporters anyways me Chia wet
this real small walking around we just
walked out of Sephora and then this
asian chick kind of stops and turns
around she gives me the weight you look
familiar do I know you from somewhere
which you know people give me some
when they're not sure they know me from
YouTube or whatever I'm like oh I don't
know maybe maybe we went to school
together I don't know she's like no
that's not it
do you make youtube videos and I'm like
yeah she's like oh my god what are you
doing here and I mean you're just kind
of like you know just shopping we're
just at the mall you know we're having
our regular conversation there's nothing
crazy I'm just kind of like alright well
I'm trying to like alright alright well
I'm gonna go shop but she is now you
know I'm just go we're just gonna go oh
my god that's so cool I mean I don't
really you know I don't watch your
videos but blah blah blah I'm like oh
yeah that's fine you know I'm saying
like not everybody watches my videos
like that's cool well you know what
you're in luck because I'm looking for
upbeat young outgoing personalities to
potentially come work for my company I
didn't want to start and be like oh na
na make mad money on YouTube blah blah
blah it's like no I'm good
then I'm just sticking my YouTube videos
like I'm good like I said that's my job
she's like oh oh you make money I'm like
yeah so she is annoyed I'll annoyed we
just we just want to go shop you know
I'm saying so she's like oh my god are
you making a youtube video right now I'm
like no we just we just want to shop and
she's like you should do pranks you
should do a prank right now I'm like no
I'm good
you're not doing price what are you
doing here I'm like just trying to walk
around with my girlfriend's we just were
trying to go like okay well can I get
your number I'm like you can get my
email she's like okay you're okay
Timothy Delgado right I give her my
bookie email cuz I don't want to be an
asshole you know I don't want to be like
bitch you don't even know me you trying
to get me to work for your stupid-ass
company but while I'm getting her my
email there's a couple like supporters
walk by they wanted some pictures she's
like you need that we need to take a
selfie too we need a second selfie I'm
like oh I have no problem taking
pictures of people who support me and
what I do but when it's somebody who
like just wants a picture just because
other people are taking pictures no
people just don't realize when it's time
to let go of the conversation and say
goodbye cuz we were over here like okay
yeah all right and she's like oh but so
that is the end of my story
gyah the royal penis is clean your
highness thank you
King shit
