okay so I'm here at this dinner
it's like a holy porn and check to hit
me up because he knows I'm all about our
we got y sh I'm all over football
a my regular boy you want missing this
only for the dirty corner nearly random
code yet this app we got this little
fancy dinner in an alley as you can see
there's trash that dumps the dump truck
is over like the remember when I made
that wrapper joke there was loud noise
oh I mean it would have killed it was so
Justin made this joke earlier really
good it was it was funny if y'all were
here for you would attract though so
she's doing this thing
what are you doing origami so she's
doing this shit for her blog she has
these things these fixtures in her in
her house that she always just asked
about these giant paper flowers so all
her people all her the chia fans they
were like oh my god oh my god where did
you get that where did you get that
and she's posting now she's showing
y'all how to make these paper flower
things on her blog if you want to check
that out
it's so cool shout out to cooks and
castles for hooking Chi up some clothes
as well and yeah man she's gonna become
a famous blogger and then leave me after
she gets a bunch of sponsors you know
right babe and these are my girls toes
so it's a beautiful day we're here at
CPK just trying to find a way feeling
happy okay
got this bomb-ass pasta that mean Eric
used to order when we worked at
California Pizza Kitchen because we'd
work there as servers for years together
this is the chicken tequila fettuccine
but we get it with fusilli and we add
Vietnamese chili Bom Bom
fire emoji fire emoji California so uh
we've been eating a lot these past
couple of days so we figured we go to
Runyon Canyon you know it's like all the
people where all the cool people go to
hike and shit up in Hollywood and just
trying to burn off these calories you
know I keep telling her she's getting
too skinny and I'm waiting for her to
like now and you like the way you look
now oh I love the way you look now babe
but I'm just saying when we do get
married and she gains like 30 pounds or
whatever I'm gonna be happy about that
because that's what happens you get
married when you're happy you gain
weight the baby weight so yeah like now
like you know after you give birth and
like you have leftover weight and I'm
just saying like your ass is gonna get
crazy big your boobs are gonna get super
big don't get me wrong your booty still
looks amazing of course I'm just saying
I'm not gonna be mad when you get like
another 30 pounds I ass back there you
know I think you were okay
you do not look fat chillin at on the
hike and we thought we found some like a
cooler path but so we went down this
thing and and we think it's head dog hey
buddy
so we think we went down the wrong way
and now we're on like private property
or some shit get back in there how you
feeling that you scared we just kind of
went down an unfamiliar path I freaked
out it was weird signs of shit there's
dogs cars cars but uh well what's that
Burt that's how you know that's how you
know anything else parts are like
next-level bro they steamed in so bad
you would never imagine something
something so foul coming out of a butt
so nice it's crazy
except it doesn't so I'm in the
passenger seat of my car right now
because she gets motion sickness she
gets really bad motion sickness so uh I
guess like being in the passenger seat
in my car you can get a little sick it's
really low you feeling better babe
yeah cements ginger ale
so don't trip guys Jia is not pregnant
you pregnant II think are you sure yeah
I'm sick okay she's not very good or is
she
hold up let's take a moment of silence
cuz I'm killing again got it down to a
science
me and Joe need Long Beach Alliance
blend and fresh shit like a kitchen
appliance I've been grinding it got a
few fans fresh out the box like a parent
new vids
I'm tight like fat chicks and parachute
pants embarrass you like when your
parents do a new dance
help nd I'm sayin you know man cop the
swine flow I'm going with so ham king
like Gina damn it bro and ham now yo
chick is on my dick with no hands no
support like tits with no top put on a
big smile that shit's like Botox so
don't worry about the kid don't get cuz
I make my own money like Kidrobot yeah
what's up dawg it's good man so this is
your dessert ladies dumb just has a soft
heart
he's a battle rapper on the outside I
really don't like dr. maybe these are
things that I do please
but on the inside ladies he's all about
you puppies and poetry and walks on the
beaches it you know then I don't want to
take credit so if you guys remember a
couple of blogs ago and we're at the
Crookston castles Danni event there was
this dude that came up to me and he said
he was a chef and if I ever wanted to
get some grub in Beverly Hills he got me
on the steak and lobster well we're here
at his spot it's a pretty swanky we're
in Beverly Hills
hey like Anna Bevan yeah it's a little
chilly today
champagne jump agony
so either this is a really cool drink or
they're trying to poison Chia or there's
a moly in their careful baby
what's up broad chef Marcel what's up
dog what'd you bring us throw away
that's your this sushi row right here
uh-huh
put you together man what this is okay
let's get it are you out to say let's
get it in Beverly Hills oh this man
hooked us up we got this Chilean sea
bass we got this big-ass stake we got
this truffle mac and cheese ruffle
butter and these potatoes au gratin was
another truffle shit I do believe and
some truffle butter which here later
carefully you ate that pool topping and
now it's time to say goodbye I gotta go
to st. Louis wait man Hallows birthday
shenanigans
she has sad begs that you leaving me
yeah she's kind she's also sponsored by
Puma now check out that shout out to
Kylie Jenner and Puma for the sweet
kicks oh and by the way okay okay she's
not really sponsored by Puma and she is
also not really 33 remember who we were
it was we were in like we were in Mexico
we were in where was it the fun shit Oh
what - oh we were in my Google and we
were making jokes that you were 33 and
everyone's like oh my god I can't
believe she is really their delivery
James not 33 that was a joke you can't
go home yeah she's 17 and a half
I've been good of filing it up for the
past words that's also the Royal penis
is clean your highness Thank You King
shit
