so I stopped by in and out like I'm kind
of blown me right now and I'm mad
because it's mad fans up here okay bye
for a whole week I wasn't able to vlog
because I've been shooting this super
top secret project for something with a
bunch of youtubers I can't even tell you
guys who's on it with me like super
secretive shit but I'm all done we were
literally shooting every night all night
like we go in at 5 p.m. and shoot to
like 6 am but I'm done
look who decided to come visit me for my
birthday weekend was in the area she was
in the air inside thus we conclude she
was visiting Ric and she was like let me
stop by say hi to - so Nick Nick can and
I called Nick he asked me if I was down
to shoot a quick thing for Radio Shack
because you know I think he's like Owens
Radio Shack now or some shit so now I'm
on my way to that shoot and so I'm out
here I'm up in the Hollywood Hills and
shit
this is you go this is better than the
pictures I've been asking boy oh man you
been in my soup that's time y'all see me
I was proposing yeah he was fucked us he
thought I was serious man cuz I
okay hello Oh oui oui oui wait I gave it
a nickname like 20 minutes ago
so it's my birthday tell them how much
you love me I love you so much I will do
anything for you and tell them how I am
so now we're gonna head over to my house
cuz my mom cooked up a bunch of food
every year on my birthday
oh my BAE every year my birthday I bring
my mom's and flowers because you know
she's the one that sat through labor and
gave birth to me and got her tummy
sliced open so I could have life some
buyers and flowers it's a show where I
appreciate her as a mom cuz really a
birthday is like I didn't do shit on my
birthday you know she did all the work
and hopefully you know when we when she
had speeds without our babies they'll
appreciate her and all the stuffs you
have to go do anything I feel like I
won't have to squeeze it out cuz your
heads so big so close just c-section
right off the bat yeah
vomit uh-huh I'll a Berkeley come on man
Oh danke mum sip songs among 12 hours of
labor 12 hours you ready for that Edna
mode okay so my mom went in for the
birthday dinner we got some fried
chicken and some scram um salad we got
some steak
we got some dog and some cake and my
dad's friend Nick oh oh thank you thank
you Orville Redenbacher this is my sixth
one you're drunk already yes yeah Bobby
Dean where are you it's my birthday wait
you drunk already
yeah time for your birthday thank you
thank you that's right I came from you
all right it's mine he's my pride and
joy look who showed up for a little
birthday grub we like that cook you
today is a premiere for a movie that I'm
in like a couple scenes in it's called
the perfect match
Terrence J and French Montana and Cassie
and some people but I got a couple
scenes in there so we're going to the
premiere
she is braiding my hair and she's using
those East African skills and hooking me
up helping me appropriate some culture
right now she's never had raw shit until
today
how you like me she's a little nervous
but how you enjoy
we're gonna take some shots of sake to
celebrate okay - chin too much drinking
- ago just buddies - the premiere of the
perfect match and to be with my perfect
man that's you
Caroline I know if you mama bird your
bird your Jackie what do you want what
do you what do you want what do you want
it's so tasty too you love it babe
she's drawn guys timez's new thing he's
trying to wink at people when you
you know what a dark is yeah it's a
whale penis it's a welcome it's like
everything blew her it's a whale penis
sacred drink already
okay to two friends that become family
the nights that become memories and the
dreams that become reality
are you applying to you know keep
pursuing a big future friends like this
yeah that's definitely the plan you know
maybe like two scenes in this one and
then like three scenes in the next one
and then I'll be starring in the next
next one you know that's the plan so we
look forward to seeing that not quick
question this is about the perfect match
what do you what is your perfect she's
right here
somebody's in the building fucking back
what you did good in the moment
and you gonna be good in like 10 movies
you got coming out the Royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
