what
what
so this is how we're spending our
Valentine's Day with some fun and some
food porn this is sexy right here let it
fog up my camera mm-hmm
so I'm super excited because for
Valentine's Day we're going to watch
Kung Fu Panda 3 that's my shit that's my
shit that must shit as no judge yes I
like pandas because they're black and
white and Asian at the same time so you
know it's pretty cool yeah
mmm healthy delicious and nutritious you
know I got my I got my tigress here I
almost bird but I thought if I did I
wanted oh we just had a shit ton of fun
had so much folk just kidding
I know it's fun you guys don't leave
comments I'm up stupid I'm taking it
joke God laughs guess what though camel
get hit this person hi can't fuck huh
yeah Sophie just got alright braids done
by cheetahs Aunty and I was like we're
about to take the selfie and I was like
we look like a lesbian couple like we
totally do a cute a cute as lesbian
couple though the Valentine's Day is
over it's time for me to head back home
get some work done shooting couples
skitter oh nice thank you for a lovely
Valentine's Day my sweet petunia
you guys can't see cuz it's dark but we
like totally made out right now that's
good it's really early
Saul I haven't known just what I really
know and my dad cook up his spaghetti
recipe spaghetti and meatballs you throw
some lettuce up under there but I like
it cuz uh you know we use like the mama
noodles the ramen mama noodles instead
of spaghetti noodles I like it way
better this way
mm-hmm yes yes recipe my my Lola yeah
what I what I hate her just a second
since I'm back from my vacation we out
here we got the whole crew here and I
got some special gifts of dog we got
Travie baby on the side man I'm choked
yeah I'm Charlie bass hey all day rigs
in the building is always to make shit
on my truck right Bobby Bobby Deen is in
the building hi Bobby
like chocolate on your pillow hold on
day lighting is okay Bobby I would even
I wasn't even expect you to do that babe
Bobby Day coming through with this and
you you as funny is if I just happen to
have this outfit in my room
and I was like you know what let's put
it to use what's wrong with you last
night when you applied to my snapchat
like midnight or something
it was like midnight and then she
replied to one my snaps off like hey
that's funny and hey what are you doing
tomorrow and here you are thank you I
appreciate you
maybe some slight looking into camera -
Bobby smiling and being human shit you
also favor Tom cookie over here did you
want to dab real quick
ladies this time I got you okay because
I'm here so that's it
nah not only do we have Bobby Deen in
this skit I also hit up my boy Travie
what's up guy let me get you in a good
light bro you gotta get up right on the
blunts there you go there you go trap
you bathe if y'all don't know I
subscribe to his YouTube
what should you watch what's your shape
right oh boy like Charlie bass Travie
Williams just put it on my yeah yeah
yeah I got him playing my personal chef
in today's skit and uh I mean it's less
of a skit it's more of like a little
documentary type thing but I got a
couple of jokes in there for the people
to say I was gonna take a picture I was
like yo I would totally watch this
portal right here
hey oh this is not a picture this is a
video now listen to me for a second it
was good you Washington yeah bro hell
yeah who wouldn't watch this porno and
then and then I and then I come in like
I'm that dude that comes in life which
all y'all fucking kill ya
for you to bring us like the or
something keep it with the dick bull
y'all order some Thai sausage
b.o.b alright I don't know I'm gonna
take a picture looking back okay y'all
ready with my day one from high school
right when these are like Monday one
I've known I don't wanna see me talking
so I can go to through awkward thank you
so I'm on these cats since the second
grade
Johnny weathers no 3rd grade remember
when I did that drop my life about how I
started we had a rapper a BAS black
Asian Samoan that's the black that's the
saloon it's Wireless Riggle
okay and I'm on this motherfucker since
preschool go back that's great this is
my first best friend of all time ever
yeah man I'm with the big girl it's
crazy
so we having a little reunion El Torito
reminiscing shame on a Tuesday turn it
turn it up
so um I'm shooting another skit it's my
home girl Gina Regina with it what you
want them to call you Gina Gina she was
a while and our girl a couple years ago
she's in LA now I got a idea for skids
and I needed to like knock out ASAP and
she was down to come being it oh lucky
Mama's little note I got a little shot
let the shot list sex McDonald's subway
sex sex yeah sex right on here I'm
organized
it's okay y'all um she has a girlfriend
so it's nothing crazy going on she has a
girl out here so don't even try all
right so I hooked you up with some booty
shorts these are like the old-school hey
get it get it get it he's are the
old-school one so he's not even on sale
anymore okay feel special they not know
you can't even buy these anymore
I had to come confiscate them in your
Sally just to get these shorter now I
live in LA from New York for no reason
oh no not for no reason I got four
shorts mm-hmm don't you up hey hey get
it get it get it yeah so where can they
find you where can they follow you it um
you can follow me on twitter and on
instagram its menifee Gina env y GI I na
so as to either this yup if you find
anyone else they're fake yes I have a
lot of those a lot of fakes yeah so be
careful be careful don't get catfished
it's not me that loves you
mm-hmm it's um it's um dude I love you
but not like that so soon is get about
Red Lobster you know we had to actually
go to Red Lobster
and Gina was saying you know if I do is
if I do it fuck me good I would take him
to Red Lobster
okay so but like what like when was last
time you actually like it has some big
though I would probably say like in high
school was a good a good first year of
college
oh okay but like not happy oldest and it
wasn't even good it was his day yeah
well damn yeah and now and and and you
haven't been there since haven't gone
back since hey hey it's all good sorry
sorry sorry guys
but follow her though now they will
liking it
yeah can they go the Royal penis is
clean your highness
thank you King shit like it mmm yes oh
oh and you miss me yeah
