good morning you sexy mother fuckers it
is the last day of shooting Wilin out
we've been going in for the past two and
a half three weeks whatever I'm ready to
knock these episodes out cuz I am tired
of joking I might not even have no jokes
today cuz I'm exhausted I'm all funny
out brah but whatever let's get it in
let's work let's make this money I
didn't get no cool footage from behind
the scenes or anything like that I'm
sorry I apologize
the boy was working look who stopped by
to show me love to show support what's
bad gong minute a Nick Nick Nick Nick
Haines so like today on the episode the
day came to watch I didn't do shit like
I didn't do it maybe say like one line
everyone's so know like four it's
probably gonna get cut the one-line be
like background on but when he looked
foolish work if you ever looking to the
band
the draw line was going to I thought you
were just all thank you but ladies
excuse well thank you oven I I'm up
there I'll make a joke I'm flexing the
job all time oh hey oh thank you
move thank god man you're fucking
awesome vault Benji and whose clothes
Brian footballs came to watch the first
episode I killed that one all in all it
was a dope season he shot like 21
episodes in like less than three weeks
so it was pretty a lot of fucking work
but now I'm ready to have a drink and
gonna party a bit tonight and then at 6
a.m. I fly to go see G is for
Valentine's Day so oh my love
I would ask you a question
and Roman hands
romance Hey rumor has it now
actual million
that's not you you did you come up with
rasuluh say
cut the camera set the camera
the blackmailing me
hey didn't the lace watch so on guys
calm down
wait
yeah
he was he got a girl PES Jimmy Whelan
you know that moment with your home and
here walking around your house and then
you fucking see this shit a giant ass
focus on this spider this thing oh my
god oh my god ha after shooting wiling
out I'm so tired but it's Valentine's
Day weekend so you know I got a fly to
go see my baby hey Dad
morning Cheers morning egl fuck in the
morning it's 5 o'clock in the morning
and big what is nice happy Valentine's
Day baby I haven't been on a plane in
like in a while excited kind of
oh my god I made it after flight delays
and after I can't show you baby sign you
live closer huh the kid's gonna put the
camera around babe you only to get in
the blood Wow
Valentine's Day weekend we got like a
cool little dinner planned out cheer
like paid for this thing where we um we
go remember that scene in hitch where
they cook the food together and he gets
allergic to the to this to the whatever
was in it and he swells up well that's
what we're gonna do we're gonna go to
like a cooking thing where we cook the
dinner and then we're gonna eat it
except I'm not allergic to anything you
got clothes on yet little hussy Hey
mmm Hey No what do I have to
make you
chopping shit what you doing huh what
you gonna watch my hand I touched my
camera and he said if you touch hey put
your camera your hands get watch it hey
are you learning things for when your
wifey and you're making me meals when I
come home after a long day of being
funny on Wilin out the bacon separately
okay
okay Lynn the game a big kill the
pancetta back on what's happening is we
have a little olive oil butter in here
put that in there just to that capture
the butters with the first okay looking
for the ground of it then we cook our
bacon
all right sweet 30 seconds so they say
if you say if you say beer can with a
British accent it sounds like bacon with
a Jamaican Viacom Viacom Viacom is our
business our soup domain
Lotte and how is it
oh my god that was security on me no man
so what we have here yeah Mike this is
really good hey I just keep giving you a
plate full every single day but you
can't seem to stay fooled all alike my
exes taking me for granted I've slept on
we can't leave you hanging like a
hammock just Bay the hate me oh they
always hate me up but your girls still
what would it take for you to man we
love y'all take your girl phone state
stage we the guys that you love - hey
y'all some home alone here cheese house
while she's at work you know waxing
vaginas and giving manicures and
pedicures and shit like that and she's
like hey babe uh can you do me a favor
and do the dishes while I'm gone I was
like sure baby of course and I think
she's punishing me for something I did
to make her mad like a week or so ago
cuz look at this bullshit she left me
like a month's worth of dishes she is a
skinny little girl why does she have so
many dishes
it'll make no sense alright so as always
we had to come come get our usual pizza
from this man right here what's up bro
yeah what do you got what do you got oh
my god ha ha ha what kind of pieces you
make for this time bro I made Z My
Bloody Valentine which is my homemade
method red wine sauce mm-hmm my homemade
fermented crust which is a sourdough
crust
sweet we also have scallions scallions
yes right there we have tomato tomatoes
red pepper red peppers Athenian homemade
feta oh my friend
Oh pork belly mmm Oh sonic drizzle yep
and then Macedonian oregano if you could
only smell it ooh
grow grow citrus look at a slower oh it
smells bah yeah right here my friend oh
yeah oh that's meaty nice I like it
and yes I dig it thank you sir yeah I
got something to say
Soji has never seen Straight Outta
Compton and since I'm a SAG member they
send me copies of movies before they're
out you know saying so I can watch them
and vote but uh yeah Netflix and chill
or bootleg copies of movies and chill
right now enjoying it the Royal penis is
clean your highness
Thank You King shit yeah me yourself
we'll get your notebook that will be my
wife I promise you I do I don't give a
fuck do this shit right get that one you
don't need
