what
okay so it's the first day of rehearsals
for Wilding out we are here they got a
nice little green room set up for us
real sexy
Doughboy what's up man no no I got a
problem what's the problem bro yeah we
have been cast mates uh-huh I'm going on
a four season yeah this is true we came
in with the reboot while this is true
you get so cookies in a sketch you are
mother correct and we friends in real
life
we aren't I like all your pot lights in
how you doing oh that's a lie that's a
lie I'll be like Tim I got a situation
for you I'll let these people over here
go to this thing here like thank you
you're bored you don't worry you know
sketches I want the fan to happen to
call me because make this nigga put me
as man look I already have a fat black
dude that I use in my skin bro oh man
I'm at my fat black dude quota won't put
me mate but you know what though rig is
getting skinny so we might have to throw
you in there yeah I got you I got you I
got you I got you
sup bro new booty who are you let him
know
Elgin Dave right here seasoning right
now and as you can see you all know
right now this is true get it on this
man right here he's the new white boy we
upgraded from Jacob to a new and
improved white boy uh what's up man
what's up not just you an upgrade
another brand entirely out here
celebrating tokenism matter oh yeah
talking to them all day that's why I'm
here those are beautiful
my bowling let's see what happens gonna
do it I want to feed it wiggle cassock
and okay you got lucky yes I do I do
coming up and bingo oh nothing but
nothing but mother fucka we are way too
many battle right here now we got
fucking
crazy nigger what else think you would
ordinarily I'm gonna still be from with
Tyreese No Oh Daniel jewelry idea that
generator right there those jeans shirt
having that and you sit inside out so
you think I'll know the darker gray on
the inside I'm waiting for you to turn
they apply in Brooklyn rain having a
chunky bug out got yeah damn II love it
good morning it is the first official
day of shooting Wilin out and I'm not
gonna lie I'm tired bro I'm sleepy I'm
low-key fatigue and I'm starting to feel
a little tingle in me trot but we're
gonna stick it out we're gonna power
through we're gonna try and be funny
today we gonna get some good
motherfucking episodes cuz we back in LA
West Side is a pleasure
welcome everybody all the new people
random clothes and we're listening god
you're fucking out all dishes to do this
man just the first day and this how it's
gonna be from hell now so we got to keep
the energy right help everybody that you
can help beating the shit let's just
help you to the hall squat then look
good
somebody give somebody somebody hit you
with a good one late good we got 20
episode and we got to shoot everything
gone so this shit don't get to the point
where you're gonna be tired of getting
this shit shit every day
hey we all here to help each other
that's the only part I want to say and
then just to just know that ain't nobody
here to make nobody look fucked up if
it's anything personal that you feel say
it right now so we can deal with it and
then we can go out there and kick ass
will mtv the big mtv we graduate for
three seasons on look MTV's OMG - turn
back there's not two separate the group
but we get up
so I just left a long last day of
shooting Wilin out and now I'm going to
some Twitter party I was invited to I'm
not even sure what this shit is but I
got invited to it and it's supposed to
be like exclusive shit so
Oh
my heart
Drizzy fear
okay
I like this type unlike
thanks Ally
that I like
a dime a dozen
I got a hobby to deal gg-get shit like
every single day
Oh
oh boy
you gotta have a purse
oh she be my babe
day three on a set Wilin out we knocking
out episode Oh Toby look at them cause
write it I should make you realize your
parents ain't ready right Tim Cabella
shaken by this I mean I you know I
bought one at least another one these
are all these many bars all these cars
right out of the cheetah get your shout
out so you could throw in the video blog
hello
shout out to my booty uh y'all might ask
why she doesn't want to come watch the
episode awhile and now she's one of the
good girls that knows I need to work and
she doesn't want to be around when I
work you don't even take lessons and
I'll be bothering your boyfriends all
the time but my question is we got Tim
when Tim Allen Tim look at Tim tim is
dressed like he is a dope dealer from
Sacramento like this amazing hey that is
the realest apparently don't feel it
from Sacramento Timothy right there yeah
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you
King shit kill the crack daddy may have
been Turgenev instagram cheese i can
jizz wherever I want
I knew it I was laughing
you don't believe me ask him
