what's good you sexy motherfuckers I'm
back on the grind as usual this week we
go back into Wilin out mode because we
shoot the new season next week and this
time we shoot Monica so glad we're
shooting in LA this season so I don't
have to be in snowy as New York during
the winter time I'm finally home for
this shit so this week we just kind of
like get the old cast members meet the
new cast members play some games get
used to the new games shit like that you
know we're just getting back into Wilin
out manage you ain't not on the team a
my home is my home boy yeah yeah it was
just the first season you
you might want to fill those handles in
a little bit much love the doughboys
niggas skinnier than me now kill the
crack that you've been drinking a
pentagram tease okay what's up
so as I mentioned in a previous vlog we
are gonna be screening high school sucks
the musical at a high school in Palm
Springs because our old drama teacher
mr. Carlin
he teaches there so this is the first
time we've ever like any of us have ever
seen the whole movie completed right
Rick
so as you can see we're all pretty
excited should be interesting man you
know we started shooting this shit like
what like six years ago some long ass
fucking time ago
excuse me oh that's cool thank you
we shot this shit like six years ago so
we'll see if it's funny if not blame any
flow and blame Rick because he was
this is my old drama teacher mr. Carlin
and I'm like
you don't believe me these former
students of mine have done extremely
well himself to putting up an arts and
snow business and whatever your theater
television YouTube know what to say this
is weird like it's been six years since
we shot this so we all looked a little
bit younger cuter it bounced from
company to company and we finally found
a company who wants to release it and if
you guys would be the first to see it
before it hits select theatres so yeah
yeah I mean I wasn't I wasn't I have
nothing to say but I hello okay
the most important thing to remember is
that you and if you just remember that
you will accomplish everything that you
do in life ever okay
okay shout out to Coachella shout out to
the high school because what's good bro
we just did the screening up here now
you know take a selfie my hey was good
just watch the whole do one now
recording record oh wait hold on so even
though the movies not out yet the fact
that it's done and we could all watch it
together as a cast and crew it's kind of
a monumental occasion you know I'm
saying so out of the kindness of my
heart I got a little sweet for us so
I'll kind of like share and turn up in
out here in Palm Springs because you
know like it's like two and a half hours
away from home you know but wait there's
more oh look how dope this it is guys
this is it it's kind of crazy naked
pictures of Chi on my phone Rick
it's not nigga this is her and uh is
there in a bathing suit on the beach
from what Google you should go watch
those vlogs too if you have yet those
are probably my best blogs I put out in
a minute
oh we got the chocolate strawberries on
deck we got some complimentary sorry
Donna I'm gonna take the first shot of
the night
Billy Crystal
like the hard record not that the
musical not that y'all are gonna see it
anytime soon this year is a 90% chance
that you might see it this year I'm not
saying that and you saying that but
we're celebrating the fact that we
actually all got together and actually
watch this shit today so Cheers cheers
bro good morning it is uh the next day
and it's looking real sunny and
beautiful out there in Palm Springs
let's see what these motherfuckers are
up to good morning Rick Fox a nifty
curse empty bottles empty bottles a lot
of motherfucking wings all over the
place
horrible what next time you jizz in my
bathroom you put the paper you put the
towel on the floor don't leave it on the
counter all right hey fuckin times just
in my bathroom common courtesy is you
use your you put the towel the jist
towel on the floor I know I don't know
courtesy gave me the courtesy what if I
they return the favor I didn't know you
were in there like doing stuff and then
I went in and use that shit to wipe my
mouth miss a bit dude you know how many
just socks of yours I picked the black
okay well fuck those are just socks in
my living room okay
I can jizz wherever I want in my living
room
I knew it I knew it
get your man get your man back up back
up your man support your man it's up man
how you feeling dog I'm all right man
I'm cool how's your night going the
cameras see the Royal penis is clean
your highness Thank You King shit
