Rick move like a man we should go to
Portland since I'm so close
we never been to Portland man you know
down and by the way just so you guys
know me and Rick are kind of matching
and it's adorable
what do I have to make you buy a sweater
where should I eat for them in one of
the most overwhelming both the fourth
spot naming rights
here now
I got this Reggie and I feel like that
is the og like the main I should go
after that's what all the food porn
pictures were and looks pretty
crazy you know I'm trying to avoid the
cheese but I ordered it for y'all so you
get a nice sexy picture I'm just gonna
scrape it to the side so you don't get
mad at me
some good baby I'm good baby they're
alright so now we head into the super
hyped up super famous voodoo donuts I
know we got one in LA but we got to go
to the Ho Chi he was good with it
you know I like I mean I like donuts I
don't y'all knew that Rick definitely
like donut I got a thang for you do
anything for ya not even think hold up a
bank to get that right yeah do it
alright so uh
I write off the plane because I have an
appointment with my skin leaning on hook
me up with a little facial get my cell
right he's looking a little better right
I got a couple little stupid ones are
you but trying to get sexy you know thin
so uh more at that whole body skin
Institute in Beverly Hills but to get
this them all the female employees now
I've got a squirt breast milk on my face
we're okay we're gonna do the sulfur
mask I don't if you have that in your
protocol it has a little bit of a single
to it sharpness tingle is esthetician
for
gonna sting tingle exactly so I kind of
feel something burning oh okay we are
using the sulfur mask which is gonna
pull all this extra oil out of your skin
it's gonna reduce redness from all the
extractions we just did it is
antibacterial as well cool
oh yeah there is a little sting --gel
there yeah there it is to close of your
pores it's gonna reduce redness oh my
goodness dry ice it is liquid nitrogen
cool should I close mine you can help
set redness go away
it feels good
and it looks cool
Monty
people's machines
chestnuts roasting on an open fire Jack
Frost nipping at your nose although it's
been said many times many ways merry
Christmas so um I bought um the force
awakens
so we could watch it at home because
because um you know I wanted to get my
dad caught up because we're gonna go
watch the last Jedi tomorrow but as you
were see laying here on my couch
watching Star Wars
it made me flashback to when I was like
5 years old at the old apartment in Long
Beach and you were showing me all the
original Star Wars movies when I was
like a little kid and that was like and
now I'm showing you the new ones on my
couch you know everything comes full
circle you know
you mean the foss is not with me anymore
the force you pass no you still have the
boards it's just you know you just use a
little little Yoda now now I have it so
fast
maybe the farts this book may the force
be with you
that's a good one
it's a rare condition this day and age
to read any good news on the newspaper
page love a tradition the grand design
some people say it's even harder to find
well then there must be some magical
inside these dear to the world cuz all I
see is the Tower of Dreams real of birds
out of everything
it's the people love of the family
what was that Family Matters it Steve
Urkel um I'm just like running errands
and back home you know like
cleaning updating my phone and like you
know just handled in regular Degla
business and walking back to my car with
Rick and Rick was like yeah what's that
like what you mean he was like that like
oh he's like is that permanent marker
I'm like can't be but wait a sec it um
well a little damp finger on there as
you're gonna see this is permanent
marker they're up huh what'd I do
to you man
Alysha not easy well now is breaking
these these come on
really yeah Wow that's up a man
that's up I'm nice why would you
do that to me I'm a nice person all
right I mean whatever hopefully uh I
mean the leaves over there
who make me pay some type of fee when I
give it back huh
now some of you guys might be like yo
Tim why are you not more upset that
someone permanent marker your motherf
rocky first of all let me just say it's
 up super disrespectful for no
reason it's like that was nice to
everybody today so someone was just
chunky asshole
but at the end of the day it's just more
important things to worry about you know
I'm saying like I'm getting married this
year 2018 um you know I gotta get that
together my parents I just want to make
sure they're taken care of and healthy
you know like muhfuckas it's getting old
you know they got you know shits you
know bones again weak little you know
like little little problems are popping
up here and there and and and that's
what I'm worried about you know I just
want to make sure my family is healthy I
want to make sure my fiancee is happy
and I want to make sure I'm creating
things that make me happy and make me
money you know that's what I'm worried
about the car I can return I can fix
this whatever man and as far as the kid
that felt like it would be hilarious to
put a permanent marker a streak on my
car I forgive you I love you because for
you to want to do some like that
to my that I worked hard for when
I'm just a nice person trying to live my
best life and work and take care of my
family and my girl and my homies if you
need to do that then you probably ain't
got going on in your life you know
I'm saying your life probably sucks you
probably broke you probably got a
disgusting looking penis little bumps
all over it no girls touched it in like
three years so you know I feel bad for
you bro yeah there might be a permanent
mark
Maserati but there's nothing you can do
about the permanent mark on your heart
I'm a firm believer in the universe
balancing himself out and working itself
out I'm sure he'll probably you know an
ant will crawl up with a dig hole or or
maybe he'll just you know maybe he'll
just have really bad stroke in bed maybe
his dick stinks made oh you know I'm
cursing his ass right now hey you kid
you kid
that marked my Maserati with your
permanent marker I put a curse on you
with the power that runs through my
veins from God and the universe and
Buddha and bass God you will have stinky
dick for the rest of your life every
girl that puts her face down in your
crotch area will be like oh my god his
dick stinks I'm not sucking in the dick
ever again and you will be known as
stinky dick boy for the rest of your
life I hope you're satisfied I hope it
was worth it stinky dick man I love you
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King yeah okay first off
the box will come play with me when you
come into the room I can't help but
freeze Kenan Barbie that's what we could
be so let's catch a buzz to play with my
would be yeah
