I was good so we back back to work soon
another skid this time we shooting for
Rick's channel we got a solvent here on
the camera what's good uh Raphael right
there Rick wrote a skit is what's up
Brad
as you can see Rick has my room lit up
all sexy for this skit right here that
he's doing it right and y'all would
never guess what happened man so in the
middle of this shit
sokka's like yo I'm on fire like I'm on
fire I'm on fire what are you talking
about shit shit you know fire dog tell
me why this motherfucker really was on
fire
here's another tidbit of information so
so cheers told me a long time ago you
know y'all know Chi is like real lenient
with the skits that shoot the content I
do she knows that she's the part of my
brand it's part of my humor but she was
like hey one favorite no more females on
your bed she's like that's my shit
that's my spot she's like no more
females on my bed and I was like that's
cool baby
that's all good I get that no more
pieces on the bed so when Rick was like
can I shoot in your place he was like
don't trip I may use a bedroom but I'm
not gonna put anyone in your bed so the
head he was like yo I might have to put
someone on your bed - why I was like
bruh you were going out the text gia not
me but Rick cleared it up yeah she got a
little mad but she she understood that's
funny
you might have word - baby what's up my
sexy baby
it's a beautiful gloomy rainy day in LA
and I feel good well I'm a little sick a
little sick but I feel good man
I'm heading to a meeting but to meet
with a man that could get me some good
things I'm not gonna say too much cuz
y'all know I don't like to you know
jinkx monsoon or talk about shit too
much but I have a good feeling about
this so we'll see what's up
so once again I'm trying to go to sleep
and his mother fuckas in my place trying
to shoot some YouTube shit so we're back
here again again but look who's back
what's up what you doing there do
something sexy for the vlog
yeah sexy brothers does sexy breath so
I'm with my boys frigo it has been rainy
all week but it's a beautiful day today
and we just did some like some oh my god
it's also peeing on my face we did this
some audio shit for this project he's
doing remember when I was an old man
like a month ago we did some some little
adrs some audio shit for that and you
know now we're going back to the place
that we used to work together California
Pizza Kitchen at the Lakewood mall we're
gonna grab some food back when we were
broke struggling servers before this
YouTube shit really took off and we're
still friends yeah after the fame and
the money you know I'm saying so I just
want to say thanks alright yeah so a CPK
I'm getting me I got the rib eyes with a
real sexy right now that medium rare I
like it a little pink in the middle
got the Sicilian pizza that does
barbecue chicken
salad and we used to work here guys we
worked here for like two and a half
years I think we opened this
motherfucker tip your waiter because and
if you're an asshole to your waiter
we never did that but they will for sure
like up with your food so be nice
come here let me whisper here hey booty
eat the booty that was exhausting what's
not dog oh my gosh so uh I'm here to do
some some audio work for oh my god what
is this guys what could this be
um so um we're working on this thing
it's a musical it's a musical about high
school
um look for that in the near future
check it out it should be really good so
it's a little project we start working
on recently
yeah make sure you record this you so
people know what's up with this most I
report yeah um yeah maybe I should maybe
I should record cuz you are adorable
fuck you in the butt I'm gonna uh I'm
gonna give it to you so good here you go
give it to you so good so hard you're
gonna love it
oh yeah you're you're gonna love it
hey don't get a gog blog Brande Brande
jiggle out Brandi oh my god ruined it
you're ruining the mood so we're redoing
audio for this scene because the audio
when we did it was
really really shitty sometime this month
we're gonna be screening it for an
audience I might like to talk about this
shit I I don't know I mean I'm not gonna
say like calm I haven't told the
producers wait later this month we're
gonna be screening it for a high school
of our old drama teacher he's teaching
in another high school now and we're
gonna be screening the movie for the
first time ever to like a crowd of
people at this high school so we just
fixing up the audio a little bit making
sure it's presentable you know it's been
a long time so fixing it up a bit last
night before I go to Canada tomorrow
getting some dinner with my mom's and
crab legs and a beer hello
I go from my one lady of my life to the
other lady of my life you know
my mama - my baby mama you know even I'm
saying you know I'm Sam
best are silly hose airplanes and time I
know
here's all I really know after flying
since 7:00 a.m. I'm finally here I
haven't seen this chick since you way I
haven't seen this chick since
Thanksgiving oh yeah oh yeah look at all
look at the camera why you need your
dose of me yeah I'm so all your Trott I
kind of like it though it's like I'm
dating a new girl with her ass boys yeah
yeah this is for all the lovers so
tonight we're doing a birthday dinner
with her family and yeah and she's gonna
turn up the Royal penises clean your
highness Thank You King
