another day
restaurant closing days last few days
who you Tenzin Kensie some man gone come
girl hey what's up man how's it going
where you coming from Central Valley
Central Valley cool hello mom hello dad
thanks for bringing your kids here hello
let me see this phone case Cameron hey
YouTube cooking with Nana okay okay
Lao food right alright Lao and Thai
people are alive making cousin where you
guys coming from Vegas hey how long to
take you to drive here for hours
fan was it worth it though it's bomb
well thanks but we got bottle service
coming out soon so you know after I
started watching your videos yes see I'm
changing the world one girl at a time
man trying to make Asian dude sexy out
here in these streets and you guys are
working out right for show in your
Salvadorian your self Dorian you said
damn cg.o Salvadorian or half anyways oh
you said one year yeah hey alright
well damn Congrats cuties what you guys
prom
hey like that I want to tell you guys
the drive here for so see that's love
right
we get the good light on you like okay
what's up we got mom okay cool cool
mommy permits are okay for so hello who
are you thanks for coming appreciate it
thank you I just put up one last week
did you watch it yeah I'm sorry good cuz
no one watch that shit man views are mad
weak I blame you oh I forgot to watch it
my name is Adam I'm from Van Nuys
California hell yeah word thanks thanks
guys thanks hi
will you run yes are you guys Pocono
dope shoutouts all my Filipino people
everyone thinks I'm Filipino or they did
for a long time trying to eat that up
with the egg the boat
yeah no you're not a fan I'm gonna eat
the whole duck embryo down hello where
you guys from
y'all got any like Oh Bay Area okay what
you like Greenfield was that
hello okay
NoHo for so for Soho my friend rants has
the same one your friend who how you
guys doing when you way from we need his
friend Rennes has the same camera have
the same shirt
oh dear yeah yeah say we're just seems
he's all around bro I do I do I do
let me to Road Thank You Man thank you I
love you too bro the girl right you are
if you've never had pot to you before
it's like it's like really good it's
like noodles and me and like veggies and
like how's that going it's a fine meal
it is a fine meal thank you how are you
away from who are you Garden Grove hey
okay okay I'm just trying to make you
like awkward as I don't make fun of him
don't mean fun answer what hey man look
look it's okay bro don't let her shame
you man it's not the same you look you
know what it's okay cuz like you know
cuz I'm like hey thanks for watching bro
hey Thank You Man
Chicago Chicago downtown LA okay word
hello
hey thanks for coming by thanks for
watching thanks for coming by man thanks
thank you I dressed up you know she told
me not to wear that I'm like you know
Tim wouldn't appreciate I do appreciate
that I do appreciate though it's funny
hey I love you too man Thank You Bo
thank you to all the way from Orange
County
we got Brad here with his family what's
up hello sir what's up man and what were
you saying dude that I was saying
between you to puck and Bruce Lee man
you'd be the first person that wanted me
yeah hey that's beautiful Brooke that's
beautiful thanks Brad thank you thank
you and and ladies his hair super soft
how old do you bro 17 17 hey 17-year old
girls get at Brett oh dear oh okay 17
year old girls talk to Brad all right
his hair supersoft okay so she's stared
from Nebraska those sweet and who's your
friend that was jealous if you got a
selfie with me Timothy would Timothy the
win yeah and we're on the video together
too good what's good I mean you know
low-key okay hey and shout out to the
troops all the troops that are watch
that watch me a wassup Thank You Man
appreciate that yeah okay what are you
guys from Swedes who asks like you take
a picture with a cardboard cutout
earlier well hey thanks for coming yeah
and thank you for driving them hello hey
where you guys coming from
hey Lynwood up to no good I owe you ice
cream right yeah okay and a make-out
session girl go ice cream and chill for
show hello hi
your hair is on point right thank you
this is nice actually worried about it
today nah bro it looks good oh you're
back Thank You cousin what's up man push
it how's the food so it is said it's
cracking oh it's just popping though
it's crazy right now what's up how are
you wait from what's your name how's
everything
bow noodles yes what is Gauhar what's up
bro we're hungry
damn I know it's yo it's so cracker
right now they don't even know what to
do back there bro it's so craggy there's
a mess right now we ran out of
everything bro we ran out of eggs we ran
out of ice we ran out of tighty
you got the huh Mike on deck though I
didn't even know we had on my job bro
how you guys doing
I got the camera on you follow the way
from the Bay Area looks good looks good
go to this state all day we're gonna get
you some service name how's it going
where you guys from Long Beach oh okay
oh you ain't talking slums by a nice
bezel Westco West called a Westco went
cold like West Covina yeah with the
house of MU it took a while it took a
while hey good for so thank you guys
thank you guys living up in Hawaii
pasilla my mom's out of his mom Santa
Monica my big Rhodesian the up BG my dad
how are you both all right I got y'all
in the band man how you guys doing did
you guys like finish eating oh you
haven't gotten anything
damn I smile can't handle it man don't
record it
we're gonna get you some food real soon
oh my god she's mad she's mad at me
happy birthday happy birthday thanks for
bringing this big party bro how you
feeling
yes do it snapchat me oh it's all happy
but happy birthday to send her booty
pictures guys hi
where you from what's your name cool
okay this is my mom's friends okay this
is my last night a Thai smile oh my god
oh my gosh oh my gosh
yeah oh my god I'm gonna bust my first
nut of the new year oh my god I shall be
right back the Royal penis is clean your
highness
Thank You King shit
