yo so I took this leftover Penang beef
curry
oh my god it's fogging up the lens I
think it's leftover curry took my
Hawaiian bread and I'm making these
little Penang sliders man bro these
sliders are about to be so bombs I made
out to be so bomb just wait man
Thai smile is gonna be reincarnated in
the form of a food truck
I might have all types of fusion place
is Shay about to be five-year okay so
Rick always says I have really good luck
right he always called me Jerry from
Seinfeld cuz everything works out for
Jerry so I was like yo I really want
some turkey chili for some reason I was
in the mood for turkey chili right but
I'm like yo who has turkey chili I have
no idea so for some reason I thought
maybe Panera Bread has some Church in
Chile cuz we bout to be a Panera right I
googled the menu Panera Bread Turkey
Chili's only on Wednesdays and what's
today Rick Wednesday it's Wednesday I
would say man the universe just works
itself out for me anyway not so much for
brick but always for me hey y'all want
to see some crazy shit right now look
where I am
yo my old room son since my dad's gone
to Thailand my mom doesn't like sleeping
alone in the house
so she wanted me to come spend the night
for a few days for Christmas and
Christmas Eve and whatnot so back in my
old room son is this shit crazy or what
does this take you back because it takes
me back
so it's Christmas Eve I'm spending it
with my mom we're having a little date
night just me and her one song
coordinates two people you and me can
unless all we need we got some crabs
that we bout to bust open busted open
for real one
she made a salad with her signature
dressing this is my mom's dressing a
superbomb Hennepin lapa uh-huh - finally
good
a lot of you guys may not know how to
beat this crab you bust it open and as
you can see I got a bunch of the meat in
there with my rice and you know and this
yellow gunk in the middle here it's like
it's from the crabs pancreas I googled
it after I recorded this okay and it's
actually like a delicacy in a lot of
countries or for your bujji and you just
or if you like seafood sometimes you get
it and you just like you get some of it
and you mix it with your rice and and
it's super bomb and you dip it in our
mom's like super bomb chili sauce and
I'm super good right so every year I do
my ski in tears yearly wrap-up but a
part of that process is sitting through
watching all my vlogs from the year and
it's kind of like a come I get this
little nostalgic trip down memory lane a
highlight reel of my life you know I'm
saying for the past year it's kind of
dope it's cool process but it's a long
process I mean I'm in July right now I
just went into July I'm on vlog 517 and
I got a list of like you know shit I
want to include in the wrap-up little
clips from vlogs little like clips from
TV show shit like that but oh man it
takes forever alright y'all so just like
Thanksgiving we having a homey Christmas
Papa's in Thailand and the mode is back
there taking pictures she whipped up a
bunch of food we got some clams we got
some scrimps we got some crab we got
some hams so Ben what's up dog do you
ever see me sober doesn't really like
seafood but but we got a lot of it I
think no not really
Rick Rick how you live eventually
we'll make it work we'll make work if
anything I'm going to eat everything
when I invited Rick over he was like
I'll come if you can promise me your
mom's not gonna call me fat I was like I
can't promise you that bro okay so after
a full day of fans chilling at the house
look who's at my house look at this boy
what's up brah I want to shout out the
vlog camera
it's a beautiful upgrade isn't it it's
great but yeah we're here hanging out I
turn the fire on yeah man they it's real
romantic what's up your boys hey what's
up Dawgs barri let them know so we're
gonna be doing some music this year
right yeah well you know in LA hanging
out making visa stuff so cuz so gonna
get you gotta get some traffic on that
I'm witty I'm gonna actually if y'all
don't know this is a secret announcement
I'm retiring the name traffic people
don't know that I haven't officially
announced it yet oh but now I'm just
wrapping as Timothy DeLaGhetto Wow
that's tired we got new year new shit
would bring it in see that let me see
this oh yeah this is ty making a buzz -
thank you yeah we're trying up in the
Bay Area and we live out here now so
we're just hanging out riding air boards
I here in San Diego for the new year cuz
the homegirl Amy Pham is DJing at
how to move so me a rig decided why not
you know change up the atmosphere a
little bit driving to San Diego so we
out here son
turn up we saw a man so I think you'll
get sick tonight we are here wait I
gotta get you in a good
you've been anyone remember girls going
wild on the boat any damage DJing
tonight hi
cheers thanks for having us yeah
happy new year we and Happy New Year
hey Chyna Rick is here yes no that's how
you express his happiness
oh he's elated
perkele
you are in a way
some of y'all might be wondering why me
and Chia weren't together for New Year's
well we broke up no just kidding
uh-huh what happened was you know we
just had some scheduling conflicts and
and she wants to do like a family dinner
in Canada for her birthday next week on
the 10th so I just felt weird to do all
this back and forth we just fight you
know I'm babe I'll see you next week so
I'm flying out there next week and then
you know and then from there we're gonna
go to Mexico for her birthday so you
know it's cool man we'll be like texting
all night and shit I know you
motherfuckers are nosy so I figured I'd
fill you in because I knew you'd want to
know 2016 we're gonna get it in we're
gonna put in this word 2016 is about to
be crazy all I'm telling you it's gonna
be so fun it's gonna be so lit we don't
get so much shit done we gonna make so
much money it's gonna be great it's
gonna be great you can feel the 2016
juice there's this universe juice that's
like cooking from 2016 right now I've
already tasted a little bit of it even
on this first day and whoo it tastes
good job get you a taste get you a taste
of this universe juice man
oh you're gonna love it good
motherfucking morning Happy New Year
it's 2016 and I feel great chilling in
my hotel not doing anything ordered some
room service some healthy shit kinda and
yeah man I'm ready to just be in this
bed all day
as always you know jerk off my oh my god
I'm gonna bust my first nut of the new
year oh my gosh I'll be right back the
Royal penis is clean your highness Thank
You King shit
you have no control over the people who
are full of shit
over the people who are using you over
the people who are providing you with
broken promises you know but what you
can control is how much work you put in
and how much you want to do something
and how much you are dedicated to your
goals and how much you work for that
shit
