okay so the last few days that the
restaurant is open we got the whole spa
is filled with you guys watch the video
I love you tomorrow but yeah happy
birthday man hey it's because we want
people thanks guys thank you guys know
that Randy Orton Halloween costume where
the wrestler I bought it from this dude
at Party City last year and hey thanks
James Jim - oh oh now I remember
kinda
okay so stop by the restaurant cuz some
more fan stop by it's the last couple of
days hello hi who are you Jasmine where
you from
Michelle Monterey Park what's up thank
you to the family for coming by I will
suffer also what's up and you guys
tweeted me what's up hey San Francisco
say you came just this no you you are
lying
whether it was it worth it your favorite
here that is my favorite brought the
crispy part now they're running out
we're selling out everything must go
Todd somehow everything Melanie
shouts Melanie long ago with this hold
on we focus on that okay 2013 you said
yes damn crazy crazy crazy yeah
sweet yeah we finally met have been
waiting for this moment right now we got
another fan stopping by oh my god what's
your name were you from Mike from my
phone
dance all the way from Nebraska guy
that's love right there that's support
and you do any single dudes looking for
a chocolatey bear hello y'all stop
sending inappropriate pictures to her
man she's yeah Holly
y'all stop sending piggies to this girl
man and who are you I'm AJ AJ what's the
bro thanks for coming by
Eliza yeah where you from San Diego San
Diego word was your name something and I
met your mom a while ago
yes and we're gonna hang out after you
go back to school
hit me up
no Kiki my friend Tim big fan of you as
well hell yeah all Tim's are good did I
now I've got the same jokes that I use
over and over again Rick we got the pig
show GG shirt on bro it's like the comfy
shirt of all times
what's that brought you in the vlog and
this is your side yeah thanks mom no
don't you look cute you look good all
the way from San Diego what's up bro
today go man what's up my name is part
of Reyes yeah adorable in my life thank
you bro I'm glad I could help you
snapchatting this yes ma'am
okay she said stop sending her
inappropriate pictures I what's up ooh
you guys were you from south-central
word hello hey wear anything you want to
say brah you got a hundred thousand
views hopefully right now been watching
blogs since like forever
thanks man that's what y'all need to be
doing man marathon all my vlogs right
now the views have been coming in lately
I all the way from North Carolina hello
what's your name Jennifer Jennifer you
got some food for your whole family here
that's right because the restaurant is
closing so you need to get all that you
can right in there you know yes thankful
thanks for coming it was nice meeting
you I was about to get in my car I was
eating my Snickers bar and then and then
they stopped me what's up hello were you
guys were you guys from
Rialto ie so hello hello oh you know
thanks for stopping by guys let's eat
some bomb food right now do that you
better do that cool do it yeah what are
all that shit go
myyy this whole vlog is about to be
people at the restaurant but hey what's
up what's up bro is your name Alex from
Zeus hey Luce what something where you
guys from person acrs in barsen whatever
you prefer whatever you prefer
how's the food guys stop by two more
days two more days two more days I might
not be here tomorrow but it's not by
anyway miles cruise from her notes I
want to give out a shout out to John
Berger he was here the other day he came
to the restaurant and he didn't invite
me what
hey John Berber right and who are you hi
Alexia first asian boy damn that's the
old school sis that's an old one that's
a goodie - an oldie but a goodie
thank you bro I appreciate it you got
any type of Asian - you know I knew it I
knew it I mean I was like I was like he
like first asian boy probably got a
little Asian there that was telling me
now is my aunt film before I realized
all why hey it's all good you're not
full Asian we're not all perfect dog
it's all good
hi what's your name Chang hello and
thank you guys from LA a thanks for
coming
hi Tunes dad hi to your mother so what
my sister yes
okay you got to finish this whole thing
all the way from San Jose will stop
proudly going on I am gone hello hi
Helen thank you here about six hours
will Dan way I appreciate it bro we're
coming through that's for someone love
you guys thank you hello how are you hey
thanks for coming through called how to
work just with it that's right but work
quick school come see me that's what's
important bro we went to school together
kind of at the same time Cal State Long
Beach all the way from the Philippines
right okay
so hello and thank you mom for driving
down hello nice to meet you too she's
not excited you are okay all the way
from the Bay Area
thank you for stopping by they were at
Disneyland a gift out on the fireworks
to come to touch
I appreciate you because the flowers
don't tell you on the flowers are on
point Fontana Dam how long to take you
gave like and I want to have them oh my
gosh girl thank you thank thank you
thank you thank you thank you thank you
thank you thank you thank you you wanted
me to do the cry face picture do my cry
face no it's more like you got to bring
that true I'm the I'm the daddy he never
had wait you got a dad that I'm the big
brother he got a big brother
okay I'm a cousin you got cousin okay
nevermind I'm like I'm a close friend
that he never had because fuck this guy
who are you bro with that was your name
Jesse Jesse hell yeah was your name bro
Adam hey thanks for coming man
appreciate it thanks for watching he can
appreciate the message though good I was
comfy I was like chilling and warm and
just do tweeted me he's like hey man I
got to the restaurant I'm like man
that's just clothes
but what's up so I just want to come hi
Hey so shop to my cousin Daniel my
cousin Byron to wonder comfort gonna
make it out today it's all good shout
out to y'all thank you for coming ain't
no pops breath okay
the Royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
