you young blogging tool okay so we have
in this boys drive for the little babies
that don't have toys during the holidays
and the first people to get here it'll
be we got what's a hey how you doing
what's up what's up
and then you got my sweater on hey
what's your name bro
Oh David David shit what David husband
David Reverend David husband Romi Romi
Valerius malaria what's up my wheels
stop man James King famous up some big
fan of him hey ready now go way back
wait you both my name is Matt closer
hey yeah
this toy drive is so lit guys its own it
dabbling boy ha hey
this is adorable hey who are you
Julia and where you from Arkansas Rogers
Arkansas Rogers Arkansas she came all
the way from Arkansas for this right
here right
oh yeah we got mad presents for the
little children's whoa what's up how are
you good good I'm good
gasps a picture yo what's going on man
was anyway from one nation from
wandering know this man smells like
gingerbread cookies what he didn't have
any good here that's crazy
he's a favorite I guess so he brought a
little a story when a brother Devon
that's my friend
you had a brother named here Oh what are
you doing - it is the season bitches
okay
she's your silver dig on me that is that
was not accurate
golden MC u MC laying it yo hey did you
met AJ Rafael on Christmas - right
you feel me though ah hi what's your
name where you from Julia from me would
hey woo hello hey lay it aside 9x1 oh
the one don't need no good having fun Oh
bring him with ten
so 23 you know look at MJ Michael I need
some money so we recycle a I wanted to
do you our CEO is not calling sauce
which become an MC I'm boy Oh t-take you
why did you lose sleep the year of the
dragon on the year the monkey last me
sex that's next year we're about to get
bumpy blames for his famous cause be
like water my name's kalamos I was like
I'm just flowing no me no flow times on
spire use excuse I listened to the wire
this is my design get hired fire up a
rocket leaves Nikes I'm sorry love
blocks I just do it so I don't do that
alarm hey guys and motherfucking any
tattoos like don't be in my seat
yeah
yeah
the campus for me guys you see I mean
just a prank bro oh my god three bears
bitch
hello Tim you like it oh hey Mikey boy
yeah yeah yeah hey hey people hey hey
hey okay okay
I can't I can't tell what's going on
because of the black cuz of the begging
but she she doing a one sheet at a time
twerk Hey
I stopped by the restaurant because I
ran to uh I know that supporter came -
what's up bro with so much Tim what's
your name we prompt
I'm Jonathan Sharon from Inglewood
Inglewood up to no good
always shout out to Tim get out to the
family just saw his dad walk out if
they're gonna support closing it too
easy guys got a comment I appreciate you
bro thank you thank you thank you thank
you good food good Popeye
oh man amazing thank you blessing that
you have that hey did she write here is
about to be so bomb look I took some
leftover dong-young from the restaurant
this chicken soup and I will put these
mama noodles in it who is about to be
fired cause whoo oh is getting the fires
getting foggy oh my goodness this is
about to be so bomb I don't ha do up
okay so singing my dad to the airport
because he's going to Thailand for a
month we were almost there
what happened dad fucking motherfucking
bad start man my dad forgot his air is
Passport
yes your man that's your boyfriend
that's your husband an old man so so we
got my cousin with my cousin my second
cousin I'm over in her over here with
with my dad's missing stuff right now
okay that is gonna be okay it's gonna be
okay Nikki I'm not coming back are you
gonna do it are you gonna make it
shit handle me see you Monday I love you
okay so I'm doing some Christmas
shopping out here at the lake from all
this man hit me up to meet up what's up
bro what's good why you let them know if
they don't know sneakerhead in the face
on YouTube and hand Instagram check it
out okay we got kicked same thank you to
salsa Bobby I'll do a secret video this
is very cool very cool so you know if
you like shoes and all that shit but
watch the videos he you know hit me on
Twitter and we linked on some sneakers
shit so uh I appreciate your bro thank
you thank you
what's of a away from a tonight yeah
what the hey what's up doc so bro and
you got the hook you got the sweater on
hell yeah she was support appreciated
man how's the flu curry try that curry
man China curry spicy I don't you handle
down I'll handle that shout-out to my
agents over at CAA for sending me a
little Christmas present you boy about
to be smelling expensive because they
got me some Tom Ford soap all right and
they got me some Tom Ford facial scrub
all right and they got me some Tom Ford
a lip chat I don't use chapstick I use
Tom Ford a okay so three years ago I at
least an Audi my baby Miley right here
is y'all know I call her Miley because
she's a dirty white girl and now three
years later the lease is up and I
decided you know what I love this car I
love Miley i'ma just go ahead and buy it
so now this is I own this motherfucker
now and you know I gave her a little
makeover we gave her a little sexy tint
and yeah Miley's looking sexy Rick you
ready to get up inside this white girl
the Royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
