what's good little freaks and hoes the
seven o'clock in the morning good
morning is cold as shit in my place I
got the fire going my heater is broken
so it's freezing in here I woke up at
like 5:00 a.m. to write a script because
um I scheduled a maker crew to come
shoot a skit for me today but I hadn't
written it yet so I gotta wake up Matt
early get this shit done getting
together cuz they'll be here at 1:00
whoa what is your tie
whoa shooting another skit I haven't
shot a skin since Netflix and kill um
and we're out here I wrote a quick
little skit about uber man you guys are
gonna see it's super funny I got the
lovely ladies on deck today we got Romo
what's up Romo was in that skid I
remember that's good I did with the
Union twins a long-ass time ago but then
I took it off because it wasn't really
funny but Romo isn't that one how are
you how you been good what's up what's
up you looking real nice in your little
dress okay and then we got of course
Bobby Deen back Bobby's always down so I
appreciate you coming through last night
I was like I texted both of them was
like eight
y'all cone just be cute in the video
real quick and they were like no and I
was like damn it's miss stuff we got a
Rick what's up dawg
hey this is cool huh it's pretty fucking
cool yeah but how do you not look up
here I know I'm trying to train myself
can I do that you know y'all gonna have
to get used to me looking at myself in
this statement
so do you only lotion the the part with
the holes I lotion before putting them
on but then it's like the jeans take
away from it so I have like a ashy
Patrick tool so you think I gotta walk
around like hey I already know those
hunger those ankles I ask you sue but
she only shames it fart I really don't
uh no I can see don't shave getting a
son and a boy would you blew up yeah
so as I told you last vlog type smile is
closed in for the new year and forever
um we got these lovely people stopping
in from Fresno what's up were you in
anymore
Wally what's up Sabrina Sabrina hi
what's up bro Teddy 1a Shiloh how the
fool you guys clean good good good good
sweets so tonight is the night my
parents tell their friends that the
restaurant is gonna retire
so they got a party with all these old
Asian people tonight Vicky took time
I'm
so been two times was good
Oh
don't bother my mom let her sing leave
her alone
what are those
we
get it get it get it oh it's so wet if
so it I told my dad you could watching
my vlogs to us
I'm a bad influence so my pastas about
to announce one that their retirement
their homies have no one funny keep like
a man then oh hi Tara seeking them
become goodbye for the pipeline think
people awaiting my survivor we hide the
behind at the end of the year oh my god
true
we're getting getting upset we're
getting round up guys I'll conduct the
fuck up now they're gonna do their good
yeah
Oh
I really
yeah
yeah yeah
my mom said but it's okay 20 years 20
years we did it that's a long time you
were successful successful 20 years yeah
always working man working to our Asian
mom they never know when to stop take a
break take a break vacation yeah mom
on Twitter he's been bleep me up they
were like yo we came all the way from
Wisconsin to use the restaurant and I
was like I gotta stop by what's up
relishing it what's going on ma
it's Jay right here yeah Andrew yeah my
dude with the cannons what's up with
this old-school shit right here thank
you bro I appreciate it man hell yeah
I put chi hi hello what's up well hey
thanks for stopping by guys I could do a
little shout out to all the Hmong people
do it we all support him today like
it'll since day one all the way from
about my favorite video where you know
he's writing down my surprise eh that's
that's old-school shit right there
shout out to all the Hmong people let's
drink to that
Williams listening to Backstreet Boys
with the airpo just singing all oh my
god oh my god it was in sync it was in
sync but thank you though
well I think what's up you know I'm the
same thing it any big but it's pretty
hey let them know let them know ladies
lady are some here - radio ski TV all
that I'm here at with creators radio cuz
I only know my boy Rick yo and J Taj
they got the show they do every Saturday
um star creators radio y'all dyno tune
in and uh you know they be talking about
shit playing music is shit
they played nothing but music by
youtubers there's underground YouTube
artists so you should tune in if you
want to support your local YouTube
rapper and all add singers and stuff
maybe find out some people you ain't
know about ski TV
radio other stations you know they don't
claim you know cuz they hate me though I
got that crazy flow everybody knows
Timothy don't say he's home but I still
got holes on the side pocket I'm just
playing I'm bout to take off my rocket I
was facing on runs on another planet
big Tim I got a special plan I don't
plan to go off the top improvise Wilin
out everybody knows Timothy this is what
I'm about yeah
fame and riches success other cats do
they suck I say fuck yeah so wacky can't
get around that will big Tim I wanna
beat the bass and the treble on the top
of that noggin it's not funny
I look around and everybody here bobbing
for the money he'd be going on my
flowing do on the knowing that I am the
best from the west and you should go on
back to wherever you come from my
freestyle from the top of the dome in
the top of the gun might not go off when
you stepping along it's like but like
profound get on a phone game night
chilling here with Timothy DB la to the
cheap that's just Twitter handle I have
to tell Goldie what a handle because you
don't have
handle us love all the time we go off
the brainy freestyling you know what
don't play again shut up you know my
name you should say it though we do when
you even greet for this ring huh you
know that I am NOT playing home oh oh
yeah I'm like Santa bringing these gifts
from LA to Santa Ana you know I often
drop these hottest bars to a five
o'clock we should come along bring us
presents for these young kids and yeah
I'm much making flip your lid
yeah and I'm about to tap you'll find
this chick if you bring a present
wrapped it should be unwrapped so we can
see that it's not a day you stole or
something
goal and something yeah I need a bowl of
munchkins cousin Togo I got a Hungary
going yeah I'm not from Hungary the
Royal penis is clean your highness Thank
You King shit
