if 7:00 a.m. and I'm cooking bacon
you're I'm cooking motherfucking bacon
an extra fatty shit y'all a motherfucker
I like your eggs fried a fertilized but
as you all know I was on set super late
last night shooting with Grace and
Hannah for their movie now I'm back on
set super early where Eric Stang what's
up looking cute looking good it's all
makeup it'll make a nice contour much
we got Oscar out here get that get that
get that get that get that and you know
he's our man shoot shit making money
fucking bitches you know look over here
look over here don't you listen to them
go slow and he's mom is always messing
around never want to work once Finers we
got some special guests here hello Gabby
show in the house what it is how you
feeling girl I'm good I'm good every
okay okay what's up what y'all fight
raffle what make it let's do it bro let
me put this camera down oiled-up take
these drawers off take this condom off
that I wear all the time and we could
fit a wrestle how you feeling how you
feeling how are you how you feeling
hey everybody was mad in the video we
did together cuz they thought it was
gonna be more footage you playing with
your titties I mean there was a
significant amount I know it was like
Tim why you quit baiting them like I'm
not click baiting bro oh yeah another
click marry Hey okay there we go that's
gonna be the thumbnail you got to be mad
again you little horny stupid stupid ass
kids tim is fucking killing this shit
we're coming at me your hair looks like
so cute right now thanks your hair look
look at them and this is all me the guy
I'm gonna get a white little Silver Fox
I kind of like it I'm a oh I'm just like
I gotta fill in the silver in my hair
child thing
should I keep me here we go
y'all remember I used to have a grill
while I lost it Adam south-by-southwest
cuz I took it out of my mouth to eat
some tacos I put in my pocket to eat the
tacos and then in my drunkenness I lost
it so this chick right here
yeah we decided to meet up get some
Korean barbeque and so I could get my
mold and I figured we should probably do
it before I eat so I would get like you
know shit all up in my tackle them
putting the mold together right now
okay okay and this is what you do this
is what we do for show you hustling
we went in on this Korean barbecue
auditions gone I'm super full and she
got me drunk off this soju Oh fun even
though I got a meeting which I'm over to
high priorities um but where can they
find you come find me at Christy cash
price with the white and catch yes I'm
gonna put that right here if you want to
follow her on Instagram like all her
pictures follow her and shit if you want
a grill and you're in LA get her up she
is gonna be mad cause she hates when I
have a grill on but I'm gonna get her
one too baby girl oh they suckered me
into buying an Apple watch and I was
like you know what fuck it let's do it
it's Christmas let's treat myself gotta
treat yourself sometimes right dude
yeah oh yes okay imma let you do a roam
let you do around this filming oh that's
pretty pretty now this is actually
useful bro this is actually gonna be
useful uh if you make it useful all
right man I set it up
okay
oh it's Monday fun day you know my mom
cooks um my some mama noodles its mama
noodles yeah my mom cooks um mama knew
long and she got some meatballs in there
and some pork do that raw egg in there
to add some flavor vegetables we bout to
go in right now right then mmm-hmm
whatever y'all so I'm in the booth right
now recording some voiceover stuff for a
show I'm doing where I travel and eat
and like go to these little underground
spots um check it out it's called
underbelly see that right there there's
the visuals to get comfy in the booth
you know I'm saying sometimes I'll take
my pants off because I feel like you got
to get relaxed you got to get loose in
the booth so I can get the full flavor
on it you know what's good you little
freaks good morning so four time now you
all have been complaining that I should
get a better vlog camera and I shouldn't
just use my iPhone like I've been using
cuz you know everybody's quality is way
better and shit and first I was like man
fuck y'all i'ma do what I want but then
I was like you know what let me upgrade
my shit keep up with the times so your
boy went and got a new vlog camera it's
the sony a 5100 i don't give a shit
about your suggestions of what camera i
should have got i don't want to hear uh
what camera is better i don't give a
shit this is the camera i got and we're
gonna start vlogging with this now so I
hope y'all are satisfied all right this
is a test first vlog with the new camera
oh I'm not even okay hey Matt okay I'm
not even Matt you guys were right you
guys are right this is way better it's
not all in my face uh this is way
clearer oh my god I got some depth of
field and shit
okay okay I'm not mad I'm not mad y'all
the right this is cool okay uh so uh I
guess I should tell you guys about a
couple things
Saturday if you're in LA uh we're doing
a toy drive in La flyer all the
informations in the description but if
you're in LA we're doing a toy drive me
super ego Andrew Garcia let me stop
looking at myself me super ego Andrew
Garcia Oscar Miranda and Jane Mendoza
from vine we're doing a toy drive all
you have to do is bring a unwrapped new
toy and you can come meet and greet and
you don't take pictures with us and shit
and then Monday if you're in the OC area
I got a club event with Ashley V it's
like a Christmas club turn mean Ashley V
I mean our onesies turn it up so it's 18
plus if you're in the OCE Costa Mesa
area on Monday so come turn up with us
and yeah do camera okay two things I I
heard the I heard bitch that's just a
little class of the strap jingling a
little bit I'm on my handle that but
also I have one more announcement for
you guys and my parents didn't even
really want me to announce this yet but
I thought I should Thai smile is
retiring my parents are retiring they
finally decided you know what uh you
know it's time to take a break
Thai smile has been in business for 20
years now and um you know they're ready
to just hang it up and relax it's like
the end of an era you know saying but I
thought I should let y'all know cuz a
lot I know a lot of you guys want to
come eat a Thai smile and so this is
like your last chance it's literally
like you need to come before the end of
the year because by 2016 they're gonna
hand it over to their homies and I don't
know what their homies are going to do
they're probably gonna change the name
it's not gonna be Thai smile anymore so
if you all want some Thai smile you need
to come like this year a 408 Alejandra
Boulevard Paramount California and if
you want suggestions on what to eat you
can go to Instagram task mountain 562 I
posted a bunch of shit on there the boat
noodles are born
the pot CU is fire of course let's see I
like to get the stuff called up beef
mint leaf or basil beef mint leaf or
something like that or chicken mint leaf
IO or got Powell entire I get it with a
fried egg on top over rice it's bomb
it's the tom yum soup get that with
chicken or shrimp it's bum the thumb KY
soup is also super bomb that's like a
similar soup but it's like a coconut
base B saute chicken saute all that shit
the curry goes hard which is the yellow
curry a papaya salad
all that shit's bomb man umm lob the
chicken lop is super good if you want to
go lighter and healthier and there it is
man Thai smile hanging it up retiring my
parents of retirement so make sure you
come through all right you got a couple
weeks
oh we closed Mondays
