so I got called on to do a little part
in hey what's up I'm making a little
movie they hit me up to be a cop but I
got this like the man buns so I can't
you know necessarily really be a cop
with a man bun so they're trying to
figure out what to do why did you show
like it I know that's I was thinking but
like would or like do a faux part Oh God
I brought what you from I'm from Long
Beach Long you a four so what your name
cool hey how's the food
oh you haven't you haven't even eaten it
it's all good though thanks for stopping
by
yeah so it's your last day here at I
smile before you maids just the lighting
every but now you look good okay so
we're on set
we're shooting this web series that
we're doing for my channel rig and I was
getting a light dawg yeah okay okay
mysterious ass person behind me
soon this web series is this character
right here I can't tell you who he is
yet and I didn't write it so if it's not
funny when it comes out it wasn't my
fault
play it's fun second day on set so for
mystery gone here we go
Riverdance
motherfucking River you heydrich day
I've heard that the data is filled with
water like a river oh my god it's an
actual River I'm saying you know the
swine flow I'm going with so him king
like genie damn it bro and ham no yo
chickens on my dick with no hands no
support so don't don't cuz I make my own
money like Kidrobot I don't know why all
these lowriders are out here right now
but only in LA can you walk out of
watching Riverdance and come across a
whole bunch of lowriders this industry
chillin for some reason so all week Rick
and I have been slaving away on set for
this webseries Rick and I have been
speaking of white slave masters we're
shooting this webseries they said no
social media so I wasn't vlogging but
then I thought wait I can vlog they
didn't say no vlogging and it's my shit
so what the fuck I can do whatever I
want
so shoots web series about time travel
and stuff like that and it should be out
you know sometime next year so stay
tuned but we out here grind a man long
day's long hours doing it right dawg
buh yo so I'm here with choice hi
so at first like we were gonna like just
chill
shit and she's like do you want to watch
a movie my apartment complex has a
private movie theater so she like got
the movie theater one deck a and she's
never seen Back to the Future before so
I brought back to the future I know we
bout to watch this shit it's pretty
fucking cool
hey shout-out to King's Hawaiian red for
sending me a big old box of Hawaiian
bread cuz I sent a tweet out saying I
wanted to make leftover turkey
sandwiches out of the King's Hawaiian
bread so they send me a box thank you I
appreciate you Mahalo yeah all my
turkeys gone senator ki - hey turkey
company sent me a turkey so I can make
some leftover sandwiches with this
Hawaiian bread
okay so what's the last couple days
shooting this web series with Rick and
oh my God look who's back in the vlog
you haven't been in the vlog and so long
your heads in the life okay how are you
oh yeah it's a lot of me it's okay but
you see you're playing like you're
playing a really no no see whether
you're playing a high-maintenance girl
what hey but hey how are you how's
everything how's life which is been up
to ha Arica I just realized I miss you
too I mean I wasn't thinking about it I
don't be like hey you know what I miss a
regally I was like in all your video
your what a couple videos yes yes yes um
every cos been in a bunch of videos you
were in the video with Andrew it was
called uh I forgot I don't know she's in
a bunch of videos yeah he likes about
serenading I don't know something but
hey good to have you back alright so uh
I was in the middle of shooting my shit
right and then this dude was like yo
balance video and I was like man fuck
yeah that's me
and he was like hey bruh you like
underwear I was like bruh that's all I
wear is underwear how you guys doing
what's up bro hey how tall are you dog
in this onesie
where did you find where did you find a
onesie big enough for you the internet
the Internet
alright so they got this company called
me undies and they're not even paying me
right now to shout them out what they're
hooking me up with a bunch of drawers
and shit so I appreciate you good this
man promised me that my dick will look
really good in these boxer briefs
so i'ma hold hands away that's great
lounge and some gray a dick prance I'm
not supposed dick prints pictures for
y'all you can let me know if this mails
telling the truth hey dick print power
yo
like liquid slashing core materials poor
materials horror materials or materials
hi everyone it's me Timothy welcome to
my blog I'm here on set with the
fabulous debby ryan she's mostly hair
but hey you know I'm saying everything
all sleek makeup on fleek bun on fleek
see how it sounds titties on fleek nose
girl let him know I can put it online
you can put my duties online hey you
people been trying oh a bit so I'm out
here we're shooting this um web series
for the finebros and what am I allowed
to say you're too bad it's not sing it
it's on YouTube it's gonna be on YouTube
bread American Idol parody Benny's here
was gonna be really fun I'm really
really excited to have work with Tim or
something so big we've been wanting to
do something like this for a long time
Oh what's up man hi I'm Alex and I like
to go to the bathroom hey hey who
doesn't you know mm-hmm
he stopped the whole production just so
he could go take shit he yells in the
middle of a scene he said stop don't
walk he said stop I need the shit
unprofessional no cuz girls don't poop I
have to pee
adorable adorable so I left the fine
brothers shoe now I'm on my way to shoot
another day for dirty dirty
we're grace and Hannah Hart and mamrie
Hart and and all that this shootin all
the way out in Santa Clarita now if
you're not from the LA area Santa Clara
does fucking far it's like an hour out
it's like by near the six flags okay I'm
not gonna lie I'm sleepy I was waking up
early everyday for a time machine like
at 6:00 a.m. 5:30 a.m. so I've been up
since 6:00
and it's like 4:00 p.m. right now and I
hit my eyes are like bloodshot I'm
feeling it bright I'm feeling it but you
know all in a day's work you know how I
do
I'm the hardest-working motherfucking
Asian in these streets all right except
for like Asian moms and dads and
refugees that like work like 20 jobs and
do manual labor I mean I'm really I'm
just I'm just an actor you know most of
the time I'm just sitting in a trailer
and then when I'm not sitting the
trailer I'm just I'm just saying shit
that other people wrote for me but okay
oh god that was the hardest part the
Royal penis is clean your highness thank
you King shit I went out and I was
supposed to be staying the night at the
homies house right well supposed to be
out all night and then I came home early
like maybe like not early but I wasn't
out all night you know my mom was
knocked out on the couch Pop's was
knocked out bottles of wine were empty
and my mom's bra was in the kitchen and
I was like Oh
in the kitchen
