hey you I never seen a young man with a
gift for the rap in the beats in my lap
like Santa ho ho ho's when a photo so I
hit him with a lick and I sweetest
bananas yo before we get into this vlog
I just wanna say merry Christmas to all
you guys thank you guys for watching and
holding me down
happy holidays Happy New Year all that I
love you and appreciate you but also
special shout outs to two people Reena
delaghetto who's been one of my longest
supporters always shows me love always
retweets my shit she's been supporting
me for a long time thank you I love you
appreciate you also shout-out to tempest
peaches y'all I've been saying I was
gonna shout you out for so long one of
my longest supporters always showing me
love she sang to me in the video Tempest
love you appreciate you thank you and
shout-out to forest eating soap because
for someone who travels like me this
shit comes in handy because it has like
shampoo face wash body wash all that in
one and you don't have to worry about
the shit spilling it in your bag so
shout-out to force eatin check them out
link below and uh let's get into it
shall we
you know I got a thanks Tonya do
anything Sangha not even thing hold up a
bank
all right so I landed from Australia
this one at 6 a.m. and I need to get
freshened up you know I'm saying I'm
just looking shaggy right now Vince
what's that dog it's good then hey thank
you bro
thank you minute Vince has a little
Julius with him today hey what's up
buddy
hi and so this is like a man um you can
come to the crib shortcut and I'm like
I'm down so I'm here we watching
mallanna we plan it with Jax we plan it
with Julius hey boy shiny
and shit
the Christmas dance battle
happy holidays my sweet babies it is
4:00 a.m. I'm about to go to LAX because
I'm flying to Seattle for the weekend
that's Seattle for the weekend because
it's Judi time and Benji and bench and
her husband Benji not my Benji but her
Benji they are having their annual dance
mber dance telethon livestream thing to
raise money for charity to feed little
starving children all over the world
it's a great cause
should be fun let's go Seattle it's lit
somebody tell me where the hohoho said I
need the little cutie with the booty
look it's Sophie been preparing a long
time and no matter what the outcome is
is gonna be magical I'm proud of this I
love this and I'm honored and I have
huge IOU to everybody in this room
including the groom over there and we'll
do this you guys
I know
wasted
and
morning block morning oh my God look
well this year the world-famous
mix the peanut ballerina lean chicken
ramen is shit are you gonna get out
there and dance around
that's why you need some so I'm gonna
feel
synchronize so handsome random pieces
beanBoozled shit I picked one for me an
aje
it's either gonna be barf or it's gonna
be peach Oh both of us okay he just went
to the season to be jolly then I've been
good and even bad no Molly's messing
with these girls is the only time I'm
naughty so tomorrow when I wake up can
it be you know Bugatti um come on in
take your shoes off we parking by the
fire baby shaking like the Rudolph
red-nosed get this forget it I'm just
playing it's almost time for dinner now
somebody gets to prayin to go honey
baked ham on my plate gravy on my shirt
a little game on my face good vibes in
the air ring and smell so sweet
good food good meat good god let's eat
yeah
they have like a whole like it feels
like fucking like Urban Outfitters in
here they got all types of little
doodads and trinkets and gifts and
clothes
this shopping over here hey what's up
Megan's trying out a new jean jacket and
I wanted to come here because they got
these like ice cream coffee concoction
situation we got this pod oh god I
forgot Oh
wait do that again because I laughed
over your Joe your punchline no no do
all things desserts like coffee and ice
cream at the same time checkpoint over
she forgot oh and Yoda Starbucks got
like bomb-ass pizza
so this is um potato and speck which is
kind of like a prosciutto bacon ham ish
and like normally I'm trying to be off
the cheese but you know I'm saying when
in winning Seattle
yeah tasty
gee whiz hmm oh yeah that potato
what does it all mean though Oh have you
seen a b-movie
because there's a thing that's like this
thing of being so thank you once again
Benji and Jimmy I just want to say thank
you to benji and judy for bringing me
out to Seattle for dance amber it was a
beautiful time honored to be a part of
an experience where I could do my part
to help raise money for the less
fortunate and they raised like over four
thousand dollars to help the
chosen all over the world that's a
beautiful Burbank thank you
bringing me out ever you guys I love you
guys and Seattle thanks for having me
super fun super bomb actually right now
we're not going home
Rick it was like amen we should go to
Portland I'm so close
we never been to Portland you know down
the royal pain is this clean your
highness
Thank You King shit
