so you wanted to say huh hey I'm a big
fan I've been watching you since your
videos like when you were being recorded
brushing your teeth and you're like
you're not recording commander vlog
please
it's the most wonderful time of the year
what up y'all
picking up cheetah and her homegirl Ida
from the airport because if you ain't
know Canadians celebrate their
Thanksgiving in October and so they're
out here to celebrate with me and me
familia you feel me so this year for
Thanksgiving it's more of a friends
giving than a Thanksgiving cuz I got
Chia here I got Ida and we got Benji and
so--but up here my cousin Bambi right
there and usually it's a bunch of my
parents old Thai people friends and
Thanksgiving but he come out but he my
dad kicked them all out and they just
cooking for my homies this year right
guys good god is great food no god is
good god is great
let's good good okay so it's like my mom
makes this like rice stuffing with
Chinese sauce rage and peanuts and
sticky rice and like some bomb Asian
flavors in there that seems she's bored
of the Americans she and I think I'm
funny dear God dear Buddha dear universe
dear base God thank you for bringing us
together thank you for putting this
beautiful meal on our plates thank you
for putting a beautiful family in my
life thank you for my beautiful friends
and and beautiful girlfriends and
beautiful girlfriends friends made this
food be nourishing to our bodies and and
beautiful mom of course
amen amen Oh be hot if you wore dress
and rode this thing like skirt flying up
and shit while you were like wheezing
bye so your butt
so your butt show your butt hey guys she
just started showing her face I soon you
will see some chia bunch okay so now
here's the long beach town straight
about to watch Crees ran into some
supporters was good
so what's up what's up yeah I'm at the
movies with Shia and Ida and Rick went
to the bathroom but what a coincidence
some man spit a while I'm out here at
the restaurant and ran into this man
he's a supporter what's up bro what's
your name my name is too long yes and
you spit hot fire correct where can they
check you out my channel bars bars are
they check JK Sharma check it out y'all
check it out and if it's wack we'll
leave me comments if as though we'll
leave a kind of nice comment do it
that's all you need alright so do it
he's the homies what's up bro what's up
guys did you had LA hey what was that
for so yes hey
but B I would like to round earlier
tomorrow so I'm having a party all my
good friends are here from high school
it's uh it's the holiday season and the
cheese's drink up but to be a real pet
so guys high school sucks please this
guy this guy
cheers Cheers the high school
cheers Cheers
haze that look gross that's Russian as a
German one of those there's so much
going on right now connects for mortal
combat air void content its
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit sometimes you just
need to put your whole tongue on it he
doesn't stand out yeah just a flat
tongue instead of like you know cuz of
course like when you like flicking the
tip let your tongue on it it's like it
feels good but it's like like a lot of
people don't know just lay your whole
tongue on it they enjoy that as well so
lay down just like leave the pressure
down there
no I'll lay it in there now and I move
it you know kind of like a lay and then
I lay in and alig up into a flick yeah I
know cuz because I was like out doing
this I was doing this and I thought well
this is like the bottom of my tongue so
I had to do this this is like the top of
my tongue so it's like let's say this is
the couch
