so hopping back on a plane going back to
New York New York concrete jungle where
dreams made of Edna moats as no capes
get out of here man
uh okay all right so the reason I'm in
New York is to be on another season of
Aquafina so what hey what up hey oh my
god we already turning up how you doing
talk is the show how are you going great
I've been I've been so good you you were
great guest today thank you Aquafina
Nora because we're friends my government
her government
yeah yeah kids go on in she to be on the
show may be with you thank you sir thank
you thank you
so I met this club right because my dude
just rain hit me up and he's like yo Ron
Bosh come to the Browns - hey I'm gonna
bash all day here's a fucking all hung
it off Foton it's like a thing I'm gonna
do I'm gonna plug it up with ya
beautiful now I'm right I'm ready just
give me a different experience it is
punchy you gettin crazy gonna be
guessing all over the play head like he
had to hug all that shit use your crazy
energy everyone's pumped outside right
now Bunga bears bitch
laughs
okay so I had a couple extra days in New
York so I'm doing this last-minute quick
little thing I came up with I never
watched internet icon what uh that Coon
some guys how are you living the dream
living the dream they're helping me out
with my little thing I came up with here
by the time this vlog goes up this video
will probably already be up so it's it's
all good
we got you senior vice for Jesse or you
senior just sign yet okay standby it's
gonna change him AJ no but you know how
some something please
I'm Ecuadorian South American stuff so
it's a singing okay Jess sin yeah okay
hey she's gonna be what you've already
seen the video if you haven't seen it go
to my main channel well she's gonna be
playing hey hold let me get the good
light me to get the good luck she's
playing alone playing a stripper for me
today
playing okay I audition for the role
burning yeah you I appreciate you so
coming out last minute being this get
the outfit is on point the boots the one
piece hey thank you subscribe to her
where uh I am just something advice okay
cool and follow you where else just
anyway my situation I don't worry why
don't you twerk um no I need you know me
today I read comic books I'm like those
things I'm like the opposite of what you
see it's possible to enjoy comic books
and knit and stilt work though right
absolutely gritty yeah it's working and
knitting of the thing right like a
superhero it's workin see do you you
look like a superhero today did I yeah
let's show the audience okay
Tork Tim show me what I'm supposed to be
doing look okay so here's what you're
gonna do he's gonna be in the chair um
there's a couple things you could do it
you probably do some of that some of
that what song
let's do this shit we're just kind of
stand and just let the cake balloon just
like that oh so so yeah that's the cakes
the cakes wiggle okay uh and okay so now
what did I just show you let the cake
with there you go see you got it
I got you pulling the wedgie out to us
perfect all right so I'll wrap the chute
hopped into Burr and then came over to
the ten deep officers what's up bro who
are you uh I'm not ready for this
this is Jose of ten deep wrinkles and I
walked in and he was like a bruh
pick out whatever you want and I was
like I'm gonna do that yeah
if y'all got little dude sizes then I'm
fuckin with it do you get huh yeah
that's all we got
then I'm fuckin exclusively little dude
section hell yeah
I so got invited to the AMAs um you know
I had to bring my date Rick we do not
match on purpose we did not do this on
purpose right
um but uh y'all want to see some
brand-new goodie shit that's not out yet
there's a brand new goody shit it's not
out yet what we calling this Rick
that's the shake it looks like a shirt
and a jacket a peep game um collar no
buttons no closure on that bitch you
know I'm saying no closure in my past
relationship to Ileana will suck and I
said oh yeah on this red card we're
taking pictures for people that don't
know Hawaii we have no idea but it but
but hey look what Rachel get me gonna
get what timeless very rare mom yeah
it's just coming full circle if you
remember they were in a vlog like a
minute ago when I I didn't even know who
do was Yeah right I got beat up my
friends know you came out beautiful
yeah no Rick was like do not touch him
yeah but yeah we way out here trying to
figure out what the reason yeah nobody
knows us so I'm just hoping like you
know we got a media good news like you
want to walk on the red carpet I know
but I mean I look good I'm not split we
are here we are here hey we got some
decent seats or whatever but what a
coincidence look who's right in front of
us Oh what's good so this
we did we did whoa what happened what
happened to your eye though all right so
there was a fire and there was a baby
inside I ran up and I saved the baby and
the baby punched you in the face
no and then a stick like caught in my
eyes is this name this aunt is a hero
hey it was my kid it's it's crazy you
came to the awards with a black eye
and I came through your wars with a
black guy hey
it left
so I'm walking up with this audition
right and then who taught you all right
you all wear a we waiting for the same
row we reading for the same role oh you
got that oh you got you got a bruh you
got that you got that she got that how
you know
oh you first what oh you're the first
time I was on camera I was with you yeah
that's right for this special ingredient
alright y'all so I just wrapped another
12-hour shoot of just kidding news we
shot 100 episodes man this it was crazy
um they don't pay me they just gave me
fucking um cookies from seven I'm sorry
I wasn't that was an accident that's the
best pay ever thank you bro yeah yeah
blown out hey it's all good I like to
blown out a lots of lots of too much
light you know saying it washes out my
pimples this year so we're having a hey
let's look at each other's cool cars
moment I'm there checking out the
Maserati um and and I'm gonna look at
your guys's cars Oh what do we got what
do y'all got this is Bart's Porcha hey
it's a Carrera nice and this is my
Jaguar beautiful sick we got all of our
cool cars and park them next to each
other and now we're gonna have a photo
shoot like a bunch of assholes yeah
YouTube money
hey hey this is this is us what seven
plus years
rah Oh to the OGS fuckin the American
Dream and shit the Royal penis is clean
your highness
Thank You King shit
