good morning you know what it is it's
another day another day another dollar
ah clip my toenails shave my pubes so
I'm feeling pretty fresh ready to attack
this day make some money right now I'm
going to this panel event for Verizon
zap go 90 cuz I'm like involved with
that app like you know I'm gonna have
content on there so over here there's
been more Grammys Grammy Award winning
albums recorded here than any studio in
the war wow that's very cool it's insane
that's very cool so I'm here for this
event Yousef so over there Frank Sinatra
Elvis Presley Madonna Michael Jackson
recorded Thriller in here thriller
motherfuckin thriller suite I feel it I
feel the spirit of Michael even though
even though Michael might have faked his
death to escape Illuminati and the media
I feel the spirit of my Glynn here and
and yeah it's cool man makes me want to
like you know grab my dick okay so the
stream is about to start for live urges
or 2015 baby we bout to turn up to save
the world right now it's real serious
the camera
okay so Pharrell came up to me he wanted
a picture and I was like hey bro look I
don't have time for that right now
fade that nicely he was very rude and he
actually used the Do You Know Who I am
line I did that yeah I was like Do You
Know Who I am Doug no you can't have no
picture and then and then he he thought
he thought I was at first he thought it
was Chad from the Neptune so he was like
hey look I don't want to talk about no
business or beats right now and he was
like oh shit TV thing like at all
I got a picture of like nah dawg I gotta
take my boy Yousef home like for a while
then out yeah you know we got to do we
got to do some like new pranks and skits
and like I'm playing Ryu and a street
fighter in the elevator prank so the
whole thing this dude Yousef I don't
know how they do things in Palestine but
he pull you got he pulled a jug of
Street juice out of his pocket just
chugging it I swear I was just having a
regular conversation with him and then
hitting a gallon of a perp drink of the
Viner first ranked off the road
I don't even just office you pulled out
of nowhere I don't know where it came
from how are you just what is this bro
hey blessings blessings on blessings I
guess I would say bro how's it going
thank you bro
I appreciate you man thank you guys you
too man go you're holding up traffic
yeah yo guys guess who I'm yo hello
hello so I'm about to shoot another fuck
marry kill Friday I was just sitting in
the fucking like hour and a half of
traffic because there was like a signal
broken shit was crazy um but uh this
should be a good one
I would fuck Miss Piggy what because i
like bbws he probably has like a sweet
but she probably does yeah I think it
would be like really dope rough pigs
inspiring all right thanks Jenna
it was a mission getting to Europe I
know I'm so sorry there's so much
traffic I felt so bad for you you're in
the car like all day I know it's all
good man it's like you know I'm getting
some cuddling now so it's all good
snapchat in your mind at this moment in
time where you're holding on to your
card
what was on the card so this is when we
experiment in time traveling all right
so in order to prove we gone back in
time we need to change the current order
the cards and no way you do that by
shuffling the cards I'm gonna make it
very obvious they're big minutes all
right so much off the cards face up into
face down all right like so and so we're
just gonna create a big mess messy
some people think that that I'm lying
face there that's the way we like some
of the cards aren't actually being nice
but I want to see there are cards are
face up right some cards are face down
going pretty much throughout the pack
and we have some cards that are face to
face some cards that are back to back so
now I'm nervous you know what go to card
is in your lungs already performance
part of it no it's too damaged this
drinking science how much you just fall
into two diamonds just fits to a
one-minute back in time that's 60
seconds 50 40 30 20 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1
doesn't that we go back 1 minute worth
all the cards are facing the same way
when do that okay passed exactly a
minute ago we're back to the moment
where you picked
okay yo got another one David Blaine
Albert nice to meet you Albert Albert
King Albert Chang right now I'm on my
way to do a collaboration video with
Shannon bosom you might have seen her in
Rick spoon and the peen series super
intelligent chick studies like sexuality
and all that she's probably gonna ask me
a bunch of dirty questions and then
she's gonna take some headshots on me
because I need new pictures and she
takes dope pictures so yeah you know
connections networking turning up hi
what's up how's it going good bye thank
you
yeah okay so I'm out here on top of his
roof just taking up me I'm bottomless
right now because that's what she wanted
to do for this shoot because she's crazy
come around this way let him know who
you are in case they don't know oh my
name is Shannon and doing I'm Tim oh my
god this is like you YouTube videos
she's like she hosts shit she like talk
about sex talk about sex a lot doing a
video on my channel actually talking
intimately about this guy's sex life
yeah you're gonna see my dick it's I'm
not bottle missing my body
and what is your channel Shane I'm gonna
get even get the shout out of your face
okay Benji's like yo I cooked some
homemade fuck at the crib if you want to
come through right I'm like alright man
that sounds dope I'm leaving La he's
kind of in the LA area now really kind
of sorta my fuck it let me see how long
it was gonna take right plug it in the
GPS it said like 30 40 not even I hit
that rush hour bro
fucking took me two hours to get here oh
it's about to be worth it oh hey chef
Benji with the pot I'm gonna fire you
cooking up for me dog just saw some beef
got some bone marrow up in there Joe
really yes I'm gonna get you something
that you I know you like that and share
or that we don't we won't let the broth
cook the meat yes yes of course that's
what he's supposed to do it nothing you
Benji ladies he can cook he came dressed
look he can dance
uh-huh he got longer hair than you do
okay I'll see you Benjy is gonna be
fired on oh my goodness it looks fire
right so far my glasses are fogging let
me tell you this man Benjy got the fire
fall on deck brah mm-hmm good job Benjy
good job good Benjy the rival penis is
clean your highness thank you
King shit I have too many toes it's nice
to be the little spoon I don't care
Chinese finger chips
