nuts roasting on an open fire take it
baby I don't know
Jack Frost nipping at your nose although
it's been said I have too many toes
Merry Christmas
I got a pencil tree as guinea tree see
ladies the media would have you believe
that you need a skinny tree to be
accepted that it just fits better in my
space okay is it tight squeeze
personally I appreciate trees of all
shapes and sizes white or green as you
can see she went with the white skinny
tree someone can be too much Cosmo today
in the chopped kitchen
we got Chia she hops cheese cheese chili
what do we got here what did you make
with your ring this is a Cajun slash
jambalaya hybrid mixture okay with a
little cilantro seasoning garnish yeah
okay okay some little laughs I want got
day all right and now whatever is here
what is your influence for this dish
here what what what do you think you
should win cuz im a champion okay wait
you realize mmm-hmm a little bit of cute
little spice mmm good balance of garlic
and good spice and everything nice
mm-hmm really uh the garlic a pepper
there reminds me of my childhood and
just running in the fields of Thailand
with my mother I think you uh are you
good myself you've been chopped you are
chopped good morning
I'm like a backpack oh yes my little
Hershey's Herschel's they don't know
what that is the other dude Herschel's
backpacks is popular uh-oh a commercials
are from Canada right all right so
sometimes it's nice to be the little
spoon and as long as you stop poking me
where's poking me in my butt
oh go get out go me breakfast no go away
make some breakfast already oh yeah yeah
you over easy you're lazy I'll take my
toast a cut and buttered I don't care
you wanted get your own
yo you guys are in for a treat because
guess who finally was down to make a
video where we're not doing a challenge
it's not a vlog she was down for a video
where we like give advice on shit she's
actually talking guys we did a long ass
video because people always asking about
long distance relationship tips and we
did a long one it's sure should be good
should be good like I don't mind doing
videos like that cuz it's not I'm not in
a character it's just me right
right take a long blogs how you feeling
about it I feel okay see the way you in
it I think it'll be good to show my ugly
Curtin what so far that's cool no it's
not take it out of that photo
oh is it might even be to Parsons we got
a lot of good footage
and and I'm trying to milk her for
everything she's worth you know I'm
saying
yeah like a cat that has nipples every
time I'm out here we got to stop by this
dude artisan spot to get a pizza cuz he
makes some fresh and they're sexy and
they're delicious what do we have here
bro we got uh rubbed garlic Neapolitan
style pepperoni and we have bacon
pepperoni just the base yeah
this one we're gonna call the High
Plains Drifter you got pork belly on
half of that one half of it yeah pork
belly on half yeah yeah and that's your
side you don't get down you don't get
down to the board nothing right for me
no I get amazing oh it's good because
they give me all that oh okay Gaea see
on Thanksgiving
bye see you later
fresh off the plane from Canadia hopped
in a cab came right to this shoot right
here I'm shooting I'm doing some
voiceover shit and some Ana shooting my
face with his new cartoon is called
fudge brownie super funny look for it
you know grindin right guys
grinding if y'all remember last year
Taco Bell invited me to this their
friends giving I took Chia it's the
second annual friendsgiving so of course
of course I brought my boo we bout to go
in on this Taco Bell fancy dinner and
last year they gave me a ps4 they gave
us ps4 us so we'll see what they get was
this year's you excited Rick kind of but
I'm also scared about my luck cuz I feel
like I'm being everybody down it's gonna
be a really whack thing it's gonna be
like I John I see you got Ricky shucks
here which is great y'all get Chinese
finger chairs and a real soft toothbrush
and not even the bristle of the handle
is off
so we out here at the Taco Bell friends
giving and they run out the salad right
it's crusted with some Baja blast shit
and it's a baja blast vinaigrette
dressing shit bomb no we turn that onion
flavor into an asshole sugar crystal
which we line these taco salad shells
hey did you turn it that's Jamie's turn
hey fuck you man I don't know I give me
my paper on it I'm embarrassed this
right here is a golden chalupa turkey
cranberry stuffing gordita bread
stuffing in a chalupa ready any guesses
Oh mom did with this turkey on fire
griller is we went all the way to Bryce
who took that ghost pepper sauce and
really turn it into something special
ghost pepper aioli are you liking that
dog no good make some milk oh good she
left to get some more water
I like it I'm tired I'm tired so I can
handle it but they like that but we turn
around no although I be wanted all the
white people are turning red so what you
guys have is a smash smothered burrito
as well as our potato bites incorporated
oh my god
you on the run beat pumpkin spice salt
caramel and oh my god pumpkin spice yeah
Jerome to go mmm so we all have a
customized gift in a box for you you can
go ahead and grab one for yourself and
there's also a record a little mini
record shop so you can pick two records
that you would like of your choosing and
then there's also some other goodies so
go ahead and grab one thing for yourself
as well what do we got what is it oh
sweet
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
