what
finally home feels so bummed to be back
in my bed if y'all know I have like one
of the comfiest beds in the world it's 4
a.m. right now I'm just kind of working
on a vlog answering emails and shit like
that I gotta wake up in the morning to
go handle business and get you know back
to the grind you know you're either
tired or just lazy when you just scoot
all your clothes that are on the bed to
the other side of the bed and then you
just sleeping on this side and this is
where everything's just gonna have to be
tonight what's up y'all good morning
good afternoon good evening um I didn't
vlog my day because um it's been all a
lot of like meetings and auditions you
know I'm saying and I don't like to show
meetings and auditions because a lot of
them don't lead to anything like you
know you go on a lot of ditions and you
don't get the part you go on a lot of
meetings with people and a lot of them
lead to nothing nowadays a lot of these
young cats are like yo make your moves
I'm at a meeting here and I'm at a
meeting here I'm making moves watch with
me watch for me and then you have all
this hype and all these meetings that
don't lead to anything and then you just
kind of look kind of stupid you know I'm
saying I learned not to get hype over
meetings and discussing shit a long time
ago you know cuz me and my dudes PD flow
superego ricky shucks we've been doing
shit like this for a long time we've had
so many times we thought this is our big
break y'all this is our big break we
just had this meeting these people bout
to give us this much money to do this we
bout to have a TV show we bout to get
this movie deal um and even when we got
to a point where we had a movie deal
shit still fucked up high school sucks
musicals still coming out though um but
shit still fucked up so sometimes it's
best to kind of make your moves in
silence you know so that's why I like I
I have full days where I go on meetings
and shit like that I just kind of turn
the camera off uh you know it's one of
focus on making good impression and
handling my business you know PD flow
used to I used to get upset at me
because he'd be like bro I got this
opportunity
blah blah blah yo how you feel about
that meeting and I'd be like school
school and he used to say I would get
more excited about the McRib coming back
to McDonald's than us potentially having
like a movie deal and shit but it was
only because the McRib when McDonald's
tells me to make rib is back I'm like
the McRib is back I can go buy that shit
right now and take a bite when a group
of old white dudes in suits is talking
to me telling me they're interested in
something it might be a good six months
or a year before anything gets to pop in
even if if it even ever gets poppin so I
learned to not get hyped until the check
is in my hand
and/or the cameras in my face and the
dude is saying action you know saying
this is not to discourage anybody and
this is not to say that you should be
jaded from opportunities and chances and
growing your career I'm just saying that
the only thing I can control is how much
I work and the only thing I am truly
hyped about and I know to be 100% true
is how dedicated I am so that's the type
of shit I can be proud of for sure and
because I don't want to be bragging
about something that hasn't happened yet
you know and I had to learn that lesson
the hard way you know like as the old
old saying goes don't go counting your
chickens before your eggs have hatched
you know I'm saying cuz some of them
might be little dead baby chickens or
some of them you know it might get
cracked open for omelet or some of them
might be little stillborn bellowed
babies they get eaten up by Filipinos
you know so so after that long-ass
speech I figure I should at least let
y'all know
what the type of shit I'm auditioning
for just so you guys can keep up with
the journey I'm trying to get into
voice-over acting too so
CAA called me in to do with like some
voiceover auditions for some some new
Cartoon Network cartoons and then after
that I had a meeting with the casting
people from CBS comedy to see if they
might want me for pilot season which is
like in January to see if they have any
parts in some upcoming pilots that I
might be good for and and yeah that's it
all right so we in the back of the uber
uh Oh with my boy fan where Alex from
wasabi
Ricky shucks right trying to find
something to eat right now so hungry so
first II going to some crazy spot right
it should be crazy bro I think that's
what happens brother I don't know what
Capetown what is what are you selling it
down I just come from good dog that yeah
we out here at Churchill in West
Hollywood I'm with Alex I'm we're Rick
we bout to go in we got the octopus
mm-hmm kale salad got him spaghetti
you got this sexy ass mac and cheese
right here son I'm gonna be farting all
night but it's worth it though
Sorry Sorry
well what what to keep your touches warm
you need boots and woolly socks I rushed
over here and they're like alright let's
break for lunch so I'm just showing in
my trailer
it's kind of cool you know I got a
little trailer and shoes I'm just kind
of hanging out waiting on my turn to
shoot my part so I can bounce so this is
how I got me dressed for this next scene
they got me dressed as like a music
producer legend some shit like that but
I'm blind I'm blind in this scene um so
this is how they dressed me I got these
bright ass kicks on um
acting muthafucka so I'm at a bacon
tasting party my drink half-baked you
need it they walk it around passes
around
that's about Superman or thank you here
you
bacon party
faint yet good morning good morning dad
good afternoon
I wasn't supposed to see Chia
until Thanksgiving but it was just a
really this is it's like this is like
the longest we've gone without seeing
each other for a long time it's like a
good like six six seven weeks so she was
like can you come if you're not busy in
November and I thought I was gonna be
busy in November that's why I originally
I wasn't gonna come but then my schedule
freed up so I said okay babe I'll come
and now I'm on my way to the airport
watch out what's up to you
so it's my first day here visiting Chia
and she has me putting up drywall with
her dad I'm trying to be on vacation why
do you put me to work for huh vacations
over
so oh she means she has a metaphor
meaning the honeymoon stage of our
relationship is over now it's time to
get real put in work is that you same
thing
good what does that mean oh that means a
nice child God great now that we've
passed the four year mark she's gonna
like stop pretending to be a sweet girl
famous weGrow enjoying an animal in
memory of peaches since when can you
draw oh man I retired artistry you've
been our teeth huh
years ago darling what are you doing
here
- using your hair yeah what's that do
why do you diffuse your hair as a as a
mixed girl what do you do what does it
do your hair for the air girl it's for
curly haired girls each you curl from
not frizzy super nice the royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
is the end do pot-au-feu show edible
very very handsome I don't get mad I
like to look at other people
