what up y'all I'm back in LA I feel so
fat and disgusting man I had poutine
like every night in Toronto like
late-night poutine - if I don't know
poutine is man
it's fries covered with gravy and cheese
curds and cheese curds and regular
cheese they're like next-level cheese
like them shits get me farting all night
long and now I gotta get back to the
daily grind the YouTube hustle of course
Abbi we are shooting the next segment of
this food prank turn up show that I'm
doing so I'm in this spot it's a secret
bar and we're not even allowed to say
the name of it but like this shit gets
turnt I'm back the same clothes same
clothes actually let me just pretend
like it's the same day thank you for
letting a shooter you're like unique
establishment here this is this is
pretty cool I like your bow bar I see
I'm not a good swimmer but I like boats
I like that I could be running boat and
not and not drown yeah yeah I don't go
in the ocean pass my nipples hey mom I
won an airport go to New York for stream
Khan's the first-ever streamcon should
be fun Halloween weekend
Halloween gonna turn up a in the mode
costume my don't they not my mom said I
don't have to put on a mask look like a
monster already
I just landed in New York I can't find
my driver but what's up man how you
doing hey a long car ride I'm finally in
my hotel it's kind of sexy though check
it out we got the nice big bathtub I've
already washed my balls and but in here
I've got a toilet it got the overhead
shower which is always nice let's see
let's see okay that bed looks comfy then
pillows I'm about to get butt naked and
roll around all in this thing right here
and then now we have a nice little view
of New York City I'm on the roof of the
hotel and it's it's which I can't even
see myself it's lit I'm gonna go there
we go so cool she gets me brand deals
for money
I'm gonna go I'm gonna go get slowly a
look at the view
i'ma go get it this view is lint
literally literally do you want pizza
place eat in New York Pizza wrong look
young our midday storm back in 2009 at a
YouTube meetup called seven eight nine
I don't know what that they don't know
what seven eight nine let struggle was
real
I don't know this you barely had any
subscribers no smiling $2.00 row you
would like yo come like get in his music
videos gotta get a man I'm in a whole
song that night yeah almost name is
almost thing I remember right I say
you'll see hey hello
how are you we out here in these
streamcon streets you know green room
Street green room streets I'm with the
most gangster is makeup guru I'm with
the most gangster asperity dude I'm with
the most gangster is starter of a
livestream ass oh my god literally only
person I care about seeing at streamcon
or the only dog the only creature I care
about think of it good so Taran and I
are about to do our first meet and greet
are only being greeted of streamcon but
apparently it's industry day meaning all
majority of the fans will be here
tomorrow I don't know why they set us up
like this it's a setup because look we
showed up to the mean meet that one dude
no just kidding
there's some people that there's some
people here this would be weird but it's
not a and I appreciate you so much and I
appreciate them but it's a giant X ball
it's a set is a set up bro it's going
great
I got hi hello how you guys doing we
guys from the weeds
this man about to go back at mind of bun
dog
oh my god no time it's cool with you I'm
not gonna hug the motherfuckin pug dog
we're two men in black were you like my
buddy this is a really dominant a black
oh so excited so uh it's the first day
of streamcon it's come to a close and
was it to abstain as the n2 thought of
who show a neighbor or the hardest
element mission near Tobit area that's
what I'm saying if I had to live in
acumen listen to him
don't ever translate that to him guys
see I'm grabbing some Dindin with some
sexy-ass people this looked like you
were trying to try out for Zoolander
so you are young on me I like to eat
weird shit I eat a lot of shit
he's now did I got macaroni and cheese
so I was telling me I'm an orange from
like grilled octopus and calamari and
we're gonna have em pop-tarts cinnamon
pop-tarts yeah where are you ready do
that in one minute what is tim is
blogging tim is body now what is she
talking about
it's so turn hit me
that's all
I was like I was thinking about not
wearing underwear cuz like my dick looks
really good in this if I don't wear
underwear but box briefs I got to keep
it you know it's a lot of kids up here I
got a key here and I was like and I was
taking a picture in my in my costume
right and and I heard her say something
about staring at my dick right I mean
little jokes me look I wasn't a little
joke I made a sizable joke is it not big
but pretty though like more larger than
average but not excessively so sighs Joe
well I appreciate that
I was telling her that I was debating
not wearing drawers with it because my
dick looks way better in the change
without the drawers and me I feel like
though his decision not to wear the
actual drawers are selfish I might what
about other people what about me I don't
get mad I like to look at other people
dick it's man holidays
I supposed to be on holiday it's
Halloween a holiday it is you know
saying that's your gift to the world
you know what dick crannies walking
through Times Square I think you're
right the Royal penis is clean your
highness
Thank You King shit I don't weigh in
that hot on me I don't know how to do
this
tonight bitch Oh chicken sandwich it's a
waste mine I love Monty we don't do this
coach you not to find
