good morning I'm in Toronto for buffer
fest got a an agenda here of interviews
and shit I got a do but I ran this hey
is this a video recording device I ran
into a stalker fan in the lobby yeah I
saw you in the Navi I wanted to ask for
an autograph
I am creeped out oh you smell nice do i
oh thanks man
we are the flyest little dudes in the
world we I I you know I have to agree
with that yeah stupid corey vidal who
put buffer fest together has me doing a
stupid panel be talking about like
youtube you sure you know that people
are gonna let go beat you at your own
game
no good no because they already have I'm
a husband I'm a part of the gala tonight
what does that mean you're actually
gonna come on stage really you and I
went to go pee this young gentleman was
peeing right next to me and what's up
bro in the vlog well you got a YouTube
channel yeah yeah what is it you don't
even know I don't even know the past I
know the channel name Channel brother
say your channel then you plug your
channel right now you're not saying
anything I don't know it yet I don't
know but still good star I'm happy to
meet this guy eh and he killed the panel
they were like thank you well everything
he said was clutch and he was just
himself he was genuine and I appreciate
that it was fake it was all scripted I
had this guy write it for me me this red
carpet buffer fest it's cold as shit in
Toronto
I made them do that they don't even know
who I am is the end of the red carpet
I don't weigh in that hot on me again on
a man and I bring the bitches later I
know we're together right now you bring
a bitch laughter summer bring the one
with the hair bring them all with no
legs
see ladies light-skinned dudes man they
will disrespect you don't bring them
because you know what man we need is
wrong it's so wrong
sounds all the cameras on how respectful
at the party and they done cloned me for
the party
let's see he looks better though it
looks it looks better look you right you
right you right
image my role model since time man I
love your look
I like to bro if you watch this in your
blog alright this man's about to help me
take off my bowtie because uh I'm really
tired about the grown man I don't know
how to do this
I really don't he doesn't write here oh
you got it and that this man right here
to do it you got a dress you you're good
all right so uh I'm out here in these
Canadian streets with this Canadian
dunes on that bitch I want chicken
sandwich it's a waffle fries and what
are you doing buttermilk Chris feel me
out here pretty white boys and pretty
brown boys pretty Chinese boys alright
that's it and we're walking in the rain
cuz we tell emotional that's it
real set I saw that needs to be set me
and probably got this emo track coming
now about to talk about our our
struggles in the Asian community because
we're Asian guys to do Asian music that
love Asian things struggling struggling
out here man no actually I'm doing great
is the song will be I'll be
appropriating struggling culture because
it'll be a mixture of how much I'm
crying because you know that would stay
cry hey yo I don't know what I was like
coming up to me so now I'm doing this
meet and greet for buffer festival and
she's fangirling my god he's family
oh my god Darnell I got a license to
kill me
there are reciting lines from the epic
rap battle I was in way back we got a
ringside seat to your own Smackdown
brother
you look like Sonic the Hedgehog's
mother you're a geek a phony okay is
Roni jabroni and shout out to my boy
Devante Bates who watches you as her Big
Sean
caught Carlton banks know who do you
look like dude I get Russell Russell
Wilson y'all oh my god she was in the
blog last year
yes thanks man thanks so much thank you
this is um this isn't our fault this is
after two weeks of not shaving check out
those guys here man bitch bitch
oh my god that just top it oh my god it
was real life this is the best moment of
the entire week are you kidding me
there's so many talented youtubers sexy
sexy British boys around what's up man
Ben Brown I'll do daily videos on the
youtubes keep your accent bro so many
American panties are exploding right now
because your accent whatever they make
really nice videos on YouTube you should
check em out I upload them almost every
day
he's like my videos are bloody we're on
the 19th floor and it's haunted
apparently a couple people killed
themselves OPA I casted for scary movie
without knowing I'm the black guy so
guess what oh thank god thank guy that's
probably air of them that way to die but
I'm not area but every thinks I am true
and I'm the murder yeah so this is uh
this is the Freddy Krueger room
we're what come on bro you said trying
to take a picture of what oh shit
there's like a theme in there there's
like a little crepe yeah
yeah yo got real this hotel is so
Kingdom the kingdom are said not to
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
