she probably won't come out to like 2016
but I was day one man it was a long day
I got like a couple more weeks out here
and he was in just shooting this movie
they should be coming it should be fun
for all the girls that watch what's
happening here the situation talk about
the cool glasses you like so the
companies will send you so hey makeup
people gia has over how many followers
you gonna Instagram now she has like a
hundred and like 30 followers to herd
one hundred thirty thousand followers on
Instagram so if y'all want her to use
your products and test them out um you
know we just go ahead and uh you could
slide in my DMS for that and she will
sing and you and you can send products
and if she likes them so put him on her
Instagram good is that what I do
yeah like you don't have to use them if
you don't like him cuz then you'll be a
liar you know so yeah yeah but yes she
just bought a whole bunch of and is this
NYX or NYX NYX NYX lip gloss and she
loves them I shouldn't see her lips are
poppin right now the very first time I
saw you let's say hello and I said hi I
knew right then you were
if you guys ever want to watch a video
that me and Tim did a very long time ago
it's by shy if I ever learn
check it out I'm Tim Johnson today I'll
get out to old school their problem Rick
is their problem got different cities
out here
I have never oh you're right I am
talking left I've never been in my life
to a restaurant that was bumping country
music as the go-to selection for the
Longhorn I've never been a long horn
Steakhouse but they're like I'm like wow
there's country music playing up these
speakers hey you like that baby
giving a b-boy they're free my soul on
their own and do it or there's a Oh
smells like in JIRA that's a returned
food I know
no I'm telling them so it was quick it
was short it was sweet it was sweet
quick and short and sweet just like me
baby thank you for visiting me how long
is your cab ride back to the airport an
hour and a half and now when you get
home
Oh midnight what time is it now Oh like
noon
it's been fun okay so shorty just
happens to be used in the same time
where he used it I was like oh sorry I'm
in town she was like you'll come to my
show
so we out here and talk about the killer
place man Oh a
you
how you feeling you killed it as always
but hey thanks for having me all day
way too long you too gang for life
hashtag okay
Scooter Braun you owe me hahaha alright
guys so it is the final day of shooting
the pizza joint movie sub bro
so guys but why'd you say I'm so sad
yeah but this is day 12 in a hut for
like two weeks now
when she died Benny Hughes it's like
almost three weeks so is she gonna be
funny or what that's fucking hilarious I
kill my shit he shits what yes big
cameras and shit and hey man so duh and
this should be coming out like I don't
know sometime next year 2016 April March
who knows
you'll definitely see the trailer on my
you know I need to go yeah check out his
fantastic makeup it looks so pretty I
never I don't need make-up do my skin's
flawless oh that's
yeah
that's a wrap that's a wrap to wrap
that's a wrap that's a wrap
that's a wrap 2016 April March some shit
like that that's a wrap that's a wrap
that's a wrap that's a wrap that's a
wrap
yeah that's a wrap that's a wrap that's
a wrap that's a wrap the motherfucking
wrap yeah all right everybody signing
the big piece of suit oh I lied we got
one more shot of the movie because so
we're on our way right now to San
Antonio because we're gonna go skydivers
I'm afraid of heights
are you oh shit I did not know that I'm
gonna hide cuz it's kind of like some
bucket list shit for me like I finally
get to do this you know so it should be
fun man my dad really wants to go I'm
taking my dad next time I do it there
you go ready bro oh here's the thing
here's how you gotta look at it we're
not gonna die because if you have a
movie coming
you know exactly I always feel like I
know I'm gonna be famous and I know I
got shit to do and I know the universe
has a plan so I'm not gonna die so
there's nothing he's scared of okay you
would think okay we finally got our
suits on we're strapped up ready to go
looking like some Power Rangers
here we go buddy nothing to do now but
get high and drop out you know what I'm
saying
hi Jim wait bye brother last will and
testament my man we're got a halfway up
5,000 feet right now how you liking that
view out the window hey you know what to
do though right for this guy I hope big
R yeah you better man
smile give me a thumbs up you think you
can do that you got any questions Tim
nope I only have one are you ready to
make a so let's take a break for my
amazing bars to talk about what's
happening right now
I know I'm looking stupid so I'm like
let me try and hit the prayer hands for
this camera so I can look cool but
instructor said no okay Houston it's
been fun it's time to hop on this plane
back to LA shot the movie hopefully I
don't get arrested like was Khalifa
right now so yeah alright job thank you
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
