so it's 7:00 a.m.
another day on set hi I'm worried I'm
always doing my makeup for me today oh
the other day something for way too much
makeup I'll show you check this out I
was like yeah I'm looking a little too
freaked out right now you're gonna have
to wet wipe me down but we out here at
Sun grinding you know it's early I'm not
a morning person but gotta try and wake
up whoo whoo whoo well back on set a
piece of joint movie yep it's been a
long day I'm sweaty I'm stinky my balls
and musty oh my God look who's here
use the inside if who Eric out to be in
the movie too
so we are here I didn't even know he was
in it I just showed up and I was up wait
I know who that dad that is mm-hmm
that's like you know eyebrows leaked out
lip color next level all right now let's
get back to work is like I said to do it
oh okay so I just wrapped a long-ass day
of shooting I'm talking about I was on
set at 6:00 a.m. I just wrapped at 9:00
p.m. and I'm fucking stinky I'm tired my
breath stinks my feet stink but I was
sitting in my room exhausted I got a
knock on my door and guess who's here
ever did the most to surprise me out
here good because I'm not even in like
Houston Houston I'm in I'm in like
outside of Houston so the hundred and
thirty dollars right yeah baby you're
the best yeah hold my phone you're the
vent
so it's a beautiful day at Houston I got
one of my best buds with me what up down
my gal with me yeah and uh guys we look
so cool right now we all match not even
on purpose pose dog let him know they
pose
hey I'm with the two best booties in
Texas right now you get all the lip
gloss you want baby Nova cata we just
sell it I got you babe
so we're at CVS because Jesus ooh she
thinks I need to lotion in my body but
they don't know what your skin looks so
what is my skin look like up close it
looks like okay I get really ashy this
in previous vlogs like I get really ashy
I learned the term ashy
when I was like eight years old and my
friend no I think I was Ike in first
grade my friend Jonathan Phillips was
like damn Tim you get black people as
she and I'm like ashy what's that I've
heard this story somebody's he's he has
oh man yes he does look I saw her when I
went to this Bruno Mars show mm-hmm
she's a good in-person boy she just like
walk right past us mmm so pretty you
know how we make our list of people were
allowed to have sex today I think
Jessica Alba is on my list she is now
it's what hurts do like I said you have
permission to have sex with Channing
Tatum if he's down I'm telling you
whatever no Ryan Gosling though
what's Emily you know yeah yeah no no
loves Crazy Stupid Love
Cupid look he's so cool I stopped
drinking my alcoholic straws because of
that movie because Ryan Gosling was like
don't drink it with straw it's like a
baby dick
okay Ryan Gosling you got 400 glasses we
think I'm made of money but summer gloss
some are matte so they're like different
you know damn he's getting shopping
together we're so fucking cute like a
little family plenty of cracking you're
sweet boy so she she said can I get some
lip gloss and I said no and she turned
around I said okay nice hair touches
little fun you never seen it do you
wanna watch it huh night Netflix Netflix
and chill
trap the devil that's the devil just
wrap another long-ass night of this
pizza joint movie what's up where you
come come Karina Karina what do you do
I'm the random girl and hello are you
talking you crazy it's uh it's a sad day
it's a sad day in Houston because I was
talking to Chia and she just said she
wanted some space so I took a year to
say that booty is out of this world
our favorite magic magic ship we're on
the Magic School Bus we're going on
we're going so like we're doing like
this NASA tram towards space birds
change a robot picture a cheerleader
oh so meager later okay I'm over this
I can't go right thank you
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
