what's up Yost was the day of the
Streamy Awards which is like a YouTube
vine Awards Show I'm nominated we just
rained for the balance video we did
unfortunately we lost they announced
that already earlier this week it went
to some epic rap battle some girl named
Hannah Hart some girl named grace Helbig
man I don't know I figure you know I
might as well look fresh with this shit
I got a haircut even though I got a
giant pimple on my forehead and check
this out you want to know the worst part
about this Maserati just filled my tank
boom
basically but 68 that's a good number
you know why cuz that's like one of my
favorite sex positions that's when you
were down on me and I owe you one
look snapchat I got you messed up that's
not how you vlog supposed to turn it the
other way
see so we in the back of the uber
heading towards the Streamy Awards I got
the lovely andreaschoice as my date for
the night did you do they announce your
category I don't know I don't think so
okay so I lost my category so I won in
my category oh did I win in your heart
though y'all hear them say oh we just
killed that red carpet and I'm saying I
don't even know what that means man even
though he's all new Mayo no man it has
man oh no me no it's kinda awkward
especially since I know nobody knew I
was like oh they did just the wine girl
good they didn't know they know because
they had a motherfucking cheat sheet on
deck that's the only reason why we're
here the streaming back in one minute
everybody
buddy one minute please take your seats
please take your seat okay there's a
thumbnail right yeah
so as usual for copyright reasons I
can't give you the audio from this
future performance but it was basically
like Hanuman I'm gonna know the man
hunting the men of the ninth a woman
undermining the man she was your future
Nana Nana Nana Nana na Nana Nana Nana
Nana Melissa
future future dirty sprite peninnah moon
sensational cheesecake now this is a
song that we wave around glow sticks -
yes look get andreaschoice some bouts up
put this on her mouth like it's a dick
ha ha
so then highlight of the night sir
mix-a-lot came out and performed baby
got back that was the shit wet yeah hell
yeah shake it shake it shake that
healthy butt baby got back la face with
an open booty back and um double up
because silicone parts are made for toys
down with that
stick in they went in this thing so we
um have the honor of losing this night
actually like a lap down inside the grab
paddle shouts - epic rap battle shout
out to them shut up - fuck you and fuck
Ricky
Wow
we almost won we should we should have
won because it was probably the greatest
video ever to come out of 2015 ever
and probably the distribution of the
history of its in does not discuss a you
said everybody say everybody has a
personality change dude there lies the
best thing you've ever seen
I agree we gotta do a movie we're doing
a sequel it's gonna be amazing it's
gonna be crazy and we're the best
dressed people here Wow Richard what
would you what did you win for president
slices
fuck you bitch you ain't deserve that
streaming down to the world can tell you
did win
oh yeah you right
Hey
we finally got one we're in LA doing
this bus tour
I just punched her in the face
well we leaving the club we're leaving
the club with good run even the club
what you have to say I want to say the
way to the lights lights lights lights
like we gonna say Timothy delegate is
gonna go home stay tonight
yes were you from bro who you are were
you going to California me no to run
that shit on Instagram so I get a lot of
fun what's Instagram bro I don't know
loving man is gonna get home tonight
right I am all right hey make lovely 909
ladies if you like Asian boys big love
another line go so we went to the beach
and we saw these like multi-person
peddler things and by elders would be so
fun and that's let's rent one and but yo
bear so tired right now
I'm chillin I'm having a good time so
like we are exhausted but we have no
idea where thank you
beautiful way white things
Rick what are you what are you doing
what Oh Rick I was getting the same Oh
make sure you follow me on snapchat
Ricky sugar Haitian follow me on
snapchat Timothy dlg the Royal penis is
clean your highness thank you
King shit
