guess look we've been together today is
our yeah
today my breath stinks it is our four
year anniversary
officially so many things of God
your name Ramadan that by you being in
my life to change
alright so originally we were supposed
to go to Maui for our anniversary but
she heard all types of shit like she
heard she was watching The Weather
Channel and there was like a storm a
tropical storm to hit Maui and everybody
was saying like it's miserable in Maui
right now so like probably should cancel
the trip so we decided you know what
let's just take a little fun corny road
trip to Vegas and we're going to Vegas
we're just gonna you know spend our
anniversary up there better there for
years
senior year once you define I feel like
the fourth year is a monumental point in
the relationship because I feel like
everyone either breaks up at four years
or stays together after four years and
they say we made it
hate to us yay
a
this double-busted
oh we're finally here in Vegas I got
this big-ass room okay so in hindsight
this room might be a little too big what
you think don't think why don't you show
them how big hey that's what she said
not to me though okay let me give you
guys a tour this thing all right you
come in you know this little hallway you
go to the left there's a kitchen right
and then I here's like a little living
room area and let's see here's a little
lounge area TV area but wait there's
more then we come this way to the
boudoir the bedroom
swanky little bathroom in here shower a
big-ass hot to cool after that we both
just took shits in here at the same time
this is what they call the wraparound
suite so you got like the balcony right
but not only is it the balcony but the
balcony wraps around the whole suite so
we got this dope view of Vegas and not
only that but we get the view of the
Bellagio fountains when that shit starts
going off and then we got these little
lounge EF couches out here and just like
this bomb ass view of Vegas pretty sweet
and this view is cool cuz you can see
the water and I'm butt-naked in that in
that mirror if you can see that I'm a
butt naked so that's cool so I figured
you know might as well like Yolo that
shit up even though all we really
probably would have needed is like this
little section right here me would have
been straight on the drive up here I was
thinking about how like back when me and
Rick and Peter and Eric went to Vegas
for the first time as like fresh 21 year
olds we were broke his shit not even
having money for food like we'd be
eating at like McDonald's every day and
just like in the hotel pool trying to
get girls and shit and you know I just
feel super blessed that now I can stay
in a giant-ass suite if I want to and
it's and it
it's not a big deal you know and I don't
even have to go surf the strip for
bitches and hoes because I got what you
go because would be would you go cuz I
got my main hole fish up everywhere I
got my main hope for show I know I got
my main hole for so here nah baby no but
hey man life like all I'm saying is life
can get better you gotta work hard be
dedicated to this shit man you never
know where you'll end up where life will
take you
in my case it's taking me on a beautiful
journey and I'm loving it right now
turn up what the Alizee restaurant at
the Palms Hotel I told them it was our
anniversary and they gave was a little
card and a key which is supposed to open
up something special watch the it takes
because we have delivered a key that
will later open a small gift from the
Alizee team
it's not a ring so don't don't
Oh why not get your hopes up oh what's
this to you that my name is what's it
this week what does that mean
Oh a moped Timothy DeLaGhetto able to
say Mayfair well would you say Macbeth
that means that would you like it to
touch my bomb escargot
Nicki Minaj caviar so clear blue
baguette
are you gonna twerk for the camera or
what four-year university to work for
year anniversary twerk no I will okay
how about this nobody's over there I
think I will I think I'm getting sick of
my little caramel nips nips Winky
bitches yeah yeah same so she told me a
long time ago that when she was younger
she always wanted to be a professional
racecar driver
so as a new anniversary surprise I took
her to this thing where you can race
NASCAR's and stuff Las Vegas Motor
Speedway that's where we're at and we
got to take a little class
and they're gonna teach us how to safely
drive these cars tonight
watch out though Asian driver ages
driver coming petty that's why you like
crazy because you are petty I don't know
if you guys do this but those eyes are
fake
these are contact lenses cut cut the
camera it goes cheetah climbing in her
car she's gonna love this shit right you
better not try and grab hurt anybody
going
really good
there she goes there she goes there she
goes
that fun or what yeah Oh a while ago
when we were on when we were on a road
trip I remember she was singing every
word to some boys some end songs and
then I'm come to find out you don't like
that Red Bull I know but it's that turn
out medicines thirsty s come to find out
boys man is performing in Vegas so I got
some boys to Maine tickets it was either
Britney Spears and boys them in so I
mean I would have been down more down
for the boys to men though
Oh
Vegas it was it was fun thanks for
showing us a good time babe how'd you
like racing those cars yeah it was
pretty crazy man it's like it's intense
you know like I was gonna get the video
of us driving the cars but I know I was
just in there like this whole time yeah
it's a heavy ass car and you're like
when you're up on the angle it's kind of
trippy but yeah man
thank you that was fun uh jeah
thank you for four amazing beautiful
years of my life and guess what guys I
officially hit three million subscribers
on YouTube so thank you all for
subscribing and continuously watching me
over these years this month actually
will be my ninth year on YouTube at the
end of September so fuck that is crazy
so yeah thank you guys I appreciate you
for still watching still ever with me I
appreciate you for still loving with me
and ever with me 3 millions shots three
million finger popping that asshole the
Royal penis is clean your highness Thank
You King shit
