at night I think of you I want to be
your day what's up guys so you know back
on set shooting some more shit for y'all
today I got my Harry Potter my Harry
Potter shit gone cooking up something
crazy for you guys yeah what's up man
how are you new sound guys and shit we
got the lovely Santini Houdini was good
hi what's up how are you how you been
you know um it's super yeah uh how's the
house tumbler how's that tumblers going
tumbling tumblers and tumblin so and you
know everybody wants to know about what
you had for lunch yesterday
remember okay there you have it
we got an ability in turn what's up not
an intern anymore I know but you're
forever your forever gonna be an ability
and so we got River we got Bryce you
need a nickname an extending name yeah
okay sure John fuckin Oz always sweating
up a storm so so duh it's hot and uh you
know we out here man
we out here YouTube videos and shit all
day motherfuckin for you guys and for
money skin skin tight tight ha ha hey
nothing in appearance II think I'm the
preacher Sarah like good good lord
yeah got daily everybody staring when
they see what she be wearing she go get
a
on transmitter you got a dime with my
perfect girl fantasy spell alright drip
drop
Fetty WAP baby won't you come my way
sense of humor okay intelligence mm-hmm
ass titties my baby is back in town my
little caramel Frappuccino nips his back
in town I'm at the airport right now
about to pick her up
she's probably texting right now and I'm
not even getting the messages cuz I'm
talking to you motherfucker
Oh something where you from all right
London London sweet I love London
what's your name mate great McKenzie
Lake McKenzie from London Colio yes I'm
just waiting by man peace he's waiting
over hey what's up baby hi water Chuck
on water technical knowing that the
cheers and then put it down where you
can go play down
I was winning I was good you have scared
for a minute I saw you go in never
winner so we're here at commissary for
brunch at the spot in Koreatown at the
Lion Hotel my new homey Roy Choi owns
this spot he always takes care of me are
you like a bit big mm-hmm got some
Tori's so I got my me know via here
she's sitting a fucking mimosa maybe how
you like your eggs fried or fertilized
hell yeah
after brunch we're gonna fertilize her
eggs guys I'm gonna vlog it for you guys
so we got a million news attending you
gonna pay for the hospital bill i'ma get
loose off this Bloody Mary to have
sriracha in it Sochi I can take
advantage of me is gonna be so Doh ha
good morning so you know it's beautiful
day outside we decided to get some
exercise go for a little morning morning
run get some breakfast
she is stop making that noise Oh race
you
yeah we're playing fast and furious are
you Tyrese or Paul Walker life side
Reese's well you think it's like pockets
ain't empty cuz and then Tyrese is like
ya hungry no more easy wait huh
oooo oo the money right pockets ain't it
because we're out here honeykins Beach
we always gonna friends cafe to get some
carne asada fries no margarita but
somebody
Oh turn up for you up shorts hey I'm not
Dan I know Dan though ready go yes like
a little bit yeah we gotta go girl yo
what did your parents feed you as a kid
to have you turn out as beautiful as you
did fresh strawberries all in your crib
more than Similac tell your parents to
take notes so we can remember that you
got a smile so bright that smoulders and
transmits beauty through eyes of all
beholder she on that shroud actual no
flakes shit type of girl you take to the
carnival and funnel cakes with I want to
take you on a paddle boat you got me
reminiscing the back when I was passing
notes you turn the grown man to a sixth
grader this is what you'd read on that
little piece of ripped paper yes no baby
baby
so I got a dub this over for copyright
purposes again but we're listening to
Illya back back forth and forth that's
what she is doing right now she's gonna
do it again back forth and forth and
then she's like oh yeah and I laugh and
then I'm like yo we are here and he's
Huntington Beach streets
um just cruising and and she goes flat
feet so I'm like super comfortable on
these things
um Hsieh though with her arch haha
stupid arch foot arch footy ass girl or
jazz foot ass girl if you were in the
hobbit they wouldn't even need to add
damn bird
someone apply burn stuff to you look
look she farted last night is thankfully
bad ha burn burn so that means if you
were in if you were in um yeah if you're
in them if you're in um yeah if you're
in that if they made a movie about about
stinky ass 40s girls you'd be starring
in it originally we're supposed to be in
Hawaii so we were gonna miss Monday
Sunday Funday but we cancelled that
what's up hey we cancelled it just so we
could
just so we could be with my fan
hello hello right here in Long Beach
shoreline village and Parkers lighthouse
on hello
you guys probably don't get that
reference but if you google it it'll
it'll make sense
edward james olmos the royal penis is
clean your highness
thank you King shit I should wake up
from LA to the beat KK they know me no
chill I'm Stu real Timothy their one and
only red cup in my left hand I just
landed in Bangkok bad bitch with a nice
in no bra that James duck I made out
shades out Ray Bans and it's too hot
Thailand by my right hands this Westside
like I'm fucking
