man when my wife said she was taking
half all right so it's the end of our
little double trip um it's been fun it's
been a real she in fact it's been a fun
two weeks I've been getting going over
shit shit yeah you're welcome welcome
bitch bitch it's really free - you owe
me so
bitch the next time we hang out it's
gonna be our four year anniversary we
made it Hey my makeup is friend oh yeah
it is Freya yeah I got some blush number
five on him some dudes tweeted me and
said yo we're at the restaurant come to
I had shit to do so I came to was good
what's up what's up what's up where you
guys from No Downey were a posse you got
that my name we've got that pot tie Bom
Bom Bom for sure eight 408 Alondra
boulevard paramount California I might
just be there probably not though I
learned that if I'm trying to stay fit
i'ma need somebody telling me what to do
so I hired a trainer um and hopefully he
gets me right you know I'm saying it's a
lot of auditions happening lately some
movie shit in the fall so I wanna I want
to look good for these cameras you know
cuz they really do add 10 pounds pimples
a flatter nose told y'all she is gonna
break up with me if I get fat
after 21-day fix I gained like 10 pounds
back so I gotta get back in a gym I'm
with this cat guerilla mode what's up
man
I'm doing FAL Global Fitness a global
fitness yup
I'm about to be looking like this dude
in like a month yeah pound pound pound
pound pound pound pound pound pound
pound I can't put the real rocky music
so I got a I got to do this um robbing
up this shit so blurry but I'm looking
kind of cool
cuz I'm working out and I'm getting real
sweaty yo this is exciting because I've
been talking to some dudes from like
pornhub and you porn for a while they
wanted like collab
right in some way but they sent me this
thing I did a whole video about it so
pornhub sent me this the torquing but
deluxe it is so cool
so it's like this sweet butt and it
actually feels kind of real you slap it
little jiggle
so J go to it I did this whole adult
video this unboxing video where I played
with it and like I slapped it and like
it actually like you you hit the buttons
and it like torques a little bit we're
here on set I wrote this skit for me and
the torque master twerker Lexy Panterra
what's good and I'm using this but the
twerking but thank you for sending how
you like that how you liking that though
well she's not working out too much yeah
it feels like a real butt but it feels
like a girl that works out a little too
much Chad do you want you can't show the
thing I can't sew the vagina please
before Pandora
put the underwear on there yes okay
how's that feel there now she not as
appropriate yeah and these are Lexy
Panterra actual oh my gosh actual piss
you guys what's up how are you son yeh
famous fine over here
DJ driver professionals you can take
pictures yeah what what yells privacy
hey I mean you have to watch cool
Pablo Wieck that gonna say what's up man
what's up what's up hi yes hello sir
YouTube videos bitch it's very rare to
find a booty match for the operation
either the consistencies of or the taste
however a stripper in Tijuana fell off
for poor last week I luckily she died
she can't stop at first I didn't mind
I'm on my way to the airport to pick up
little crazed and robbed camp men making
a South Star because we're shooting a
music video tomorrow
I flew them in you know I'm saying a
little investment for me fly that man
shoot a music video hopefully you get
the money back in views and shit you
know I'm Sanchez I'm not a businessman
how am i businessman so let me into my
business Dan I'm here with my dudes so
crazy Rock camp man hey hahaha and we're
gonna be shooting a little music video
tomorrow for the wake up remix if you've
heard the original remix it's like 10
motherfuckin people on a shit so I was
like we had like a Philly version that
we did in Philadelphia cuz we're all
there and I was like well let's just
shoot a music video for this little
shorter version we got and and should be
dope and we're and we're here we asked
like that Thai smile getting down right
here is called entire it's called Kapow
but you could it'll be like spicy beef
basil or something like that if you see
it on the English menu I really
recommend this this right here this
right here is like fried pork with some
some Chinese broccoli dish it also goes
very hard
this right here is Tom Kha chicken like
spicy chicken soup with a God Oh mija
with a with a coconut base and of course
Thai iced tea Oh
there you go bagel head ego video first
time we're shooting the whole music
video on the air boards tomorrow so
these guys gotta get used to this ooh
there you go I got me a said Venice
Beach shooting this music video
Chaz here you know I always hit up Chaz
to direct my music videos you know they
be coming out all wagging shit shout-out
to my dude at the airwheel USA for
letting us use these words today a hello
we're in beautiful Venice Beach as you
can see hello
so the highlight of this trip to Venice
Beach was coming across this older group
of black dudes who were just doing
choreographed dance moves on
rollerskates best shit I've seen in my
life gonna be kick it ain't no meat no
chill I'm too real to be
red cup in my left hand I just leave it
in Bangkok bitch real nice in your bra
net shape cell rate bands in the two hot
tile in my my right hand
this West I like I'm too fucking shit so
bow down and kiss my website so it's
been a long as they're shooting we've
been driving everywhere today is 12:30
nighttime we're over here at the Los
Angeles County Museum of Art
ok aka LACMA and getting this last shot
I forgot to vlog a lot of good shit
today we were riding around Hollywood
Boulevard black dude was like a man Kyle
Kyle Kyle rider more karate board I was
like uh I don't know
all right fine whatever get on it and
then and what happened dog what happen
homeboys started spinning spinning like
a tornado yeah yeah my body I thought he
was playing around he's like I can't
stop okay so grab he's like okay man
okay can I have my boy and dude was like
hey can you grab me and spun around four
or five more times before we realized he
was just a control and then this this
portly this portly chick that kind of
reminded of uh what's the name of that
video Scarlett Scarlett takes a tumble
like Jake from that Scarlett takes a
tumble video there was a similar-looking
one who she was definitely not spinning
she was not spinning she she also wanted
to try so I said okay you can try and
she fell so hard on ass
glasses fell off her face is cute that's
all video and that is on video that will
be in the music video for this for this
music video so what's the importance of
them being black though I like to here's
the thing I'm glad you asked that Rick
when I tell a story I like to paint a
picture so you can picture what's going
on you know and he also when people tell
me stories I always ask where White Way
blackwood Asian cuz I like to picture it
you know I'm saying it's very colorful
colored okay because I realized I
hesitated before I said black but I
realized when I tell other stories I
always say it's white lady I always say
is Asian dude so I was like wait I will
say this black boy and this black lady
you say nigga why you got telling me
like that not as a joke yeah I should
wake up from all eight to the beat Kate
Kate ain't no me no chill I'm too real
Timothy their one and only red cup in my
left hand I just landed in Bangkok bad
bitch with a nice scene no bra net
change ah so it's a wrap on the music
video we got it done
it is 1:00 a.m. oh yeah I probably
should watch the street a little bit
it's 1:00 a.m. oh damn is damn near to
him we got it done though it was a
long-ass day now we're just joyriding on
the streets of LA Hey
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you
King shit
