listen fur you look like a frog you
should have been the self you can cash
it down okay
now I don't hurt cats and I don't eat
pups but at your mama's house I'll beat
that
right some here at Claire's for her for
birthdays soiree and Clara wants to take
the I haven't named it yet so she let's
take the Maserati for a little Joyride
so we're gonna um we're drinking and
driving no I'm just kidding I'm drunk
she's so drunk but hey bucket if you
guys did I just get another one no we're
not done this is straight cranberries
taking my parents for their first ride
I'm gonna name him I'm gonna name her
fat Amy because Miley who is my crazy
white girl fat Amy she's like she's
bigger she's stronger but she's still
sexy you know fat Amy fat momma
no no fat Amy so me and she are on our
way to San Diego cuz I got this event
I'm doing with doe sekiz we're actually
live right now on you now what's up baby
yo guys jeah actually oh she doesn't
like the oh yeah look the titties white
titties that means we are halfway to San
Diego white titties and brown titties
caramel colored kitty and so you know
gia doesn't mean like the camera but she
is so cute on you now I might to start
live streaming her all the time guys
following on you now follow me on
periscope all right or in San Diego
going to this Dos Equis event free beer
and stuff I'm the most interesting agent
in the world that's why they invited me
here I got this thing now bunny ears I
have this thing here and
you ready to turn up bidding to turn up
turn up a hot tub in the room yeah get
her drunk and get in the hot tub I'm
going to bed and then after she goes to
bed I'm gonna toss her in the hot tub
and pray these shits going down bro
I think I used to date this girl guy
congratulation when you pop in the
question when are we taking it to do
temple
right oh yeah the whole chicken they buy
the whole thing you see this bomb
I gotta fuck man you find that place let
me know yo so we I just I just took this
shit next level guys I'm taking the next
level yeah
next level who you know did a got on the
air board as a couple dizzy yeah okay
all right
close right okay
my hair is good what you in the mood for
a babe
alright so we're walking to the house
for a family night she is obsessed with
this thing
huh
Airport and oh my god having a nice
dinner with the family
oh yeah it's cute so this is called new
numb talk which is like a beef salad
like some shrimp with crispy shrimp but
it has like jalapenos and raccoons for
dessert yes there you go I see you until
he attacks us and gives us a rabies
she has rabies guys she has
oh I know you guys know me from YouTube
Shia's visit has come to an end but and
my dad's taking us to the airport but
but uh oh
plot twist it's not over because I'm
going back to Canadia with her for a few
days you can't get enough of each other
right yeah thing that we're gonna cut an
album and she is gonna sing I'm gonna
rap and look for that 2020
another few blocks ago when we got a
pizza from that pizza man that makes
pizzas for people specifically they hit
him up on his to graham so he told us
he's gonna make us a special pizza and
but we can't find his house so we know
you think you know so we're trying to
figure out where his house is right now
we might just like break in somebody's
door right now we're you bro we're
artist wedding and you made us a special
pizzeria thank you bro you got it
awesome beautiful thank you man
Montreal smoked pastrami sweet spicy
capicola awesome then we also have
espresso cheddar and serve I know
Buffalo cheese here we had button
mushrooms fresh thyme fresh Italian
parsley pepperoncini fresh roasted red
pepper in in a in a truffle line and
then actually actual tomatoes tomatoes
because like I always use the actual
tomatoes but I never get San Marzano
tomatoes and my friend grew them so I
got to use them he asked me what we like
and I was like bro I don't know we like
mushrooms and we like spicy stuff and he
came up with this creation right here
mmm smells bomb mmm take a whiff guys
can you can you smell it
can you smell it baby can you smell it
take away this guys can you smell that
blueberry muffin okay this shit right
here you can't see it but this shit
right here so Bob babe it is a pizza so
we both took a bite were like mm-hmm
I let my hair down the Royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
