you you think I'm cute yes'm oh yes okay
so back at the house family night Monday
fun day we got some mai tais Sophie you
know you get the boiling water you get
the raw meat you put it in the boiling
water you get the egg you put it in
there and then get the hot sauce you put
it in there
you get the mom yeah you get the dad get
the beer get the beer
yeah yeah vegetable - and the vegetables
- no yeah no we're stuck you get the
cousins hello okay you got your night
walkabout I'm all about time though I
taught him yak then I'm gone look up I
travel on look up by tamil I know bye
bye bye bye do Africa Baidu Japan Ghana
Oh God
the belly look up iodized yeah that
ellamy low blow by Mariah Oh goodbye
Emma see what happen when we all say
Africa she's nothing to me they've made
an exit just afraid
yeah sorry Safari hey my nigga by
Topanga to Japan Tokyo
haha uh sushi yeah what's happy to know
Bangkok Oh buddy my buildings in me baby
yeah
my manly ended Hawaii okay tell them ECU
corner okay only an eye you now Bingham
look I said I can't win anymore can't
wait for what baby
hey having one myself Oh Quinn how far
along
hey it's Kiki Kiki nice kicking here
there what one leg sticking you hairy
leg hearing le leg leg leg and it's a
little bit yeah yeah yes
Kaylin would you that went on real life
with the other one mm if that's easier
yeah okay there you go now you're on now
you're on I'm gonna want to go backwards
then you got it okay okay Kiki oh okay
now perfect go back with your heels with
your heels with your heels just like
yeah no just with you okay okay let go
the chip there you go
yes you got it you're Pro
okay now Triana turncoat there you go
that's what I was doing to when I first
got on you're good yeah you can cocky
already yeah we just do with your brain
in there there you go so what is
expensive they can be what about this
one $3.99 be if you look at new boy
tears hey trying to figure out of you
you your limb oh oh now what
it's pretty cool it's fun it's like the
balls of your feet to go backwards and
like you know the the the dicks of your
feet to go forward it's kind of like
like trying to turn a little bit like
you know like you're like you're like
you're fucking there you go
good morning you doing cooking a little
breakfast mm-hmm look who is obsessed
want a new car so my dad sent me this
Facebook message saying that this
Maserati dealership has like some really
good like really good deals going on
right now so cheering aren't you in town
I don't want them to think I'm like
buying Maseratis and shit you know the
car is free it's rigged Maserati
dealership is giving away free cars to
the first asian and black couple that
shows up and so whoo so with our buddy
yeah that's us so we're on a wait check
to claim our prize that's a line no uh
they got a good deal going on so we're
gonna check it out cheers here to help
me make you know life decisions and shit
that's what you're good at she's here to
organize my life and straighten my mess
out and wash my undies huh get all those
in what what are we in the sink yeah
wash them what so you can get out my
skid marks and my discharge and
doodoo stains oh my little doodoo stain
my little doodoo stains I have one right
here where well your little doodoo stain
is it that's right each other sir it's
the other side huh little doodoo stain
hell yeah
chugga choo I'm here at this Maserati
dealership we've been guys should I get
one should I get one I think that you
should I get one way you gonna buy for
me yeah man
I like your outfit today looks nice
it's very fallow E so after I get one of
these things we're gonna do a photo
shoot with you in a bikini okay and then
I'm gonna make a rap song called
Maserati boss man and it's gonna be like
Maserati boss man
so welcome the newest member of the
family I got Miley the Audi chilling
back home and we got the newest member
of the family right here I don't know
what name this is definitely on him
the Audi was a girl is here to him do
you like the new addition to our family
or what I don't know what do y'all think
what do y'all think I'm smelling
marshmallow no he's a man he's a man's
name Miley was a girl cuz she was Miley
was a crazy white girl so this is a
Manila okay and people think I'm
Filipino that kind of work Sango we're
like it's like I'm behind you and your
leg is just popping out I'm talking
about when she is pregnant and I'm
vlogging and I'm in the emergency room
bug it's gonna be like behind you and
there's just a leg going this way Nick I
shop no no no a little bit I'll be right
here I'm like she's not gonna be like
joined up like all right y'all oh my
gosh she's crap y'all she's crowning
guys she's good yo my baby got a big-ass
head cuz I got a big-ass head
hey this is hurt not all right we got
the epidural we good yeah she's pregnant
Ali G I'll be there too I'm gonna pull
the baby out of Chios vagina oh oh oh
Greg what are you gonna be doing in the
sandwich not a thing we can't bonds
and in babe what are you gonna be doing
Porsha I guess oh man yo that vlog is
gonna be tired the Royal penis is clean
your highness Thank You King shit we
both know you wouldn't got her anyways
huh your game is and always has been
wack
it's not like you would've got her
anyway your game is and always has been
where I'm not surprised
