sup y'all good morning this beautiful
day is kind of a crazy day because I
have an audition for a movie team in LA
right now but I also am shooting a skit
today so and I haven't I don't know what
I'm shooting yet so I'm gonna have to
like go on this audition and then write
the script on the way back when I'm in
the over so this is what you call
grinding come and let's play together in
the bright semi where the let's all go
to Gallagher Island channel butter some
over here at Fox Studios about to go in
for this audition about to kill this
shit you know how I do I'm so nervous
okay fresh off of my audition this
morning which I killed by the way had to
tone down the YouTube acting and do some
real acting some tough actin tinactin
shoot another skit always got to stay
busy gotta stay active Bobby Deen was
good how are you it's a hot it's a hot
hot Cali day we out here Bobby was like
you know I wrote this skit right in the
override coming back from my audition
like literally as these this crew was
like driving to my spot I was like okay
I wrote it I texted Bobby like what you
doing in an hour she was like nothing
I'm just chilling I was like I come can
you come be in this skit you don't have
to be naked in this one
I hate Rick Rick was chilling side up
you know yeah what's up
if you notice I kind of have a throwback
fit on you know I'm saying so you know
it has to do with the good someone after
the phone you got this you got this
Bobby dude are there
here we go when what time you got there
you go good good okay okay there you go
it gets easier man just get off like
slowly from the back one quick quick
slow cuz if you get out too slow and you
might have one foot on it and it'll go
in just down there forever
there you go you go Rick yeah okay on
purpose yeah Bobby's impressed speed
yeah I got it on I got it on little key
so I'm back in Anaheim but we're not
gonna do Klan today today is my first
day at vid con I got a race and
representation panel with a bunch of
sexy melanin filled youtubers so it
should be fun
Rick Vic God so we just wrapped these
dope panels of you race and
representation look on ya amount of
people that are here yeah so dope
oh look who I ran into candy Johnson
um Michael Castro and hi i'm michael
castro not you know candies here too
I did a panel she's and she's gonna
cover up my little acne scars you would
be probably right you're right you're
right would I got I got I got ass good
and I'll make the front look gay yeah
you got a uh you know I'm saying a wing
we miss you they do a wing and some
lashes yeah make sure that I said bring
out my eyes you know how they make the
little uh the Asian girls without hope
you could do that we could wing and do
some double lashes I believe in man I
see these transfers pretty woman just
waiting to happen
I've been waiting my whole life yeah
let's go I get to this thing but like
what's good I'm out here oh my god oh my
god oh my god hey hey hey hey what's up
hi what's up one question I get to this
thing but whatever I'm I'll just give it
cuz like I got a bunch of people showed
up to take pictures hey he's supposed to
like turn up and said like yeah okay I'm
gonna do it again alright so I'm on my
way to this thing and then but I got
stopped for some for some pictures from
some people what's up
okay this pool-party these youngins are
fans what's up guys was good
mango all day all day and we are here we
are here hi mom no no I'm your mom talk
the metaphor we have the banister then
at King daddy big to Cersei
okay so I'm about to do this panel about
to do this panel so we're just wrapping
up is uh this panel the VidCon is no
Oh vidcon's finally over I'm exhausted
I've been meeting and greeting taking
selfies all day now I just want to relax
I got this new album plan it goes hard
all right since YouTube didn't really
cracking down on the copyright I took
the audio out of this clip but this is
Amy Pham getting her DJ on to the
windows to the walls to the walls to the
switch out there my boss all these
bitches called
oh jeez get motherfucker oh he's eager
alright so yeah that's that's uh that's
the end okay by the Royal penises clean
your highness Thank You King shit you're
the one which is TD's all out officer
excuse me excuse me few things it's hot
outside and these are summer uniforms
don't take them titties out
