areas ISIL monster with this do man
let's go man if y'all don't know she
check his channel out his mad funny I've
been on for a minute
rim shot camera style what's telling
about that big bead oh yeah yeah GB Ã«oh
yeah check it out Rick put me on my go
to youtube channels man funny
um and I'm shooting this scene hello are
you guys doing to get tighter she does
this man buy ice cream for everybody
Thank You doll what's your name bro did
you get how is that mega sweet offline
that's my name on the thing it's like 20
people in there it's all good
Alyssa and
we bout to walk in hello alright y'all
so I'm back here behind the scenes
offline tour Elissa burnouts here the
natural he put this thing together we
out here just you know last-minute show
in LA you know I'm saying I listen for
now was good how are you hey this is
like vlog number 520 probably this movie
so we are here we're doing this show in
LA it's hard to those shows in LA man
because everybody's like to cool out
here no one wants to show up but hey
fuck it we're gonna have a good time
turn up turn
oh I'm drunk and you know I brought some
alcohol for everybody cuz I'm like just
calm the shit and let's go
thanks feel small pause but it's nice
it's nice though nice don't make me show
your bitches bruh enough turn-up salutes
cheers Cheers
yeah word idea step get off my girl man
she we are you offline tour this thing
is packed someone call the fire marshal
we in LA make some noise turn up
don't don't turn the house lights on I
was sort of thinking I'm sitting fake it
like it was bad y'all fucked it up what
up though
so I'm out here five minutes my house
party battle Bambi we are you're just
battling the trees even fucking smoking
drinking and fucking about the battle
games I'm gonna give you I'm battling
hitman drama 23rd on my left-hand side
you feel me saddam hussein's
motherfucking bitch on the date he
doesn't even notice the waiter delivered
his play cuz he's just too distracted
already on the phone with nerves and
they're texting each other
high-definition pictures of steak her
legs wide open like what you waiting for
stick your dick in and go in and out
stop by the restaurant cuz I got like a
bunch of a bunch of supporters up here
today oh and it came back y'all remember
what vlog was that that you were in my
18 518 ok whoo shit now you about to be
in that was good
how's that corrido really go oh yeah all
right guys so this is uh this is kind of
a special a special little interview I'm
about to do because I grew up watching
this man on MTV I got a random email the
other day to come be on his show I'm
wearing a Canada sweater in honor of him
what's up it's hungry this is awesome
good to have you hey having me sir hi
guys how are you welcome to web Oh
vision the web Oh vision web Oh vision
this is our studio here yeah we make web
low vision dude such an honor thank you
for having me like us yeah fuck yeah
fuck yeah
it's like to know me I had it's our plan
but you know Nana
yeah so I'm out here for this VIP maker
Disney trip they got a bunch of like
fucking maker people YouTube people over
there but yo guess who also here if you
guys are fan of vlogs and if you are a
fan of nothing what a man hey it's good
to finally meet you dawg good to meet
you too two people were saying we need
to collaborate for a long time now yeah
bro what's up with that I'm just a gene
we do at least we got the vlog Calabro
out here babies I gotta have I gotta
have babies like everybody's waiting on
me to have some babies baby but then I
got a and then I'm gonna have to start
giving with this how's it going
everybody tells me I need to start and
like get my girl pregnant and have them
crank out babies here's the thing about
it though I know I'm gonna have girls I
know I'm gonna have like four prettiest
girls and it's gonna suck I know it and
I know they're gonna grow up and they're
gonna be horny and they're gonna be sexy
and hey shout-out to TM and now I'm all
so a cut the check breath so tell me bro
did you imagine this shit and it popped
up or did so that's a reference to
really old mu it's a movie called hook
he was an equator carrier called Rufio
in case y'all don't know what that joke
was
it's really good pizza Steve green food
part movement that was also a reference
to the movie I was talking about call
the hook you guys should check it out
it's really good
see how he reacted though he took it
this dude took my Bubblegum from me and
has been blasting me blasting Rick
blasting strangers was good
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
