hey Rick I got one question for your dog
what kind of shoes are you wearing
okay so I'm on set right now cuz I'm
here to do a quick real scene for the
perfect match movie that I shot some
before a few weeks ago so I'm in my own
personal trailer hello you know this
movie shit is this acting shit it's like
it's a lot of hurry-up-and-wait you get
ready you show up to set it like you
know 9 a.m. and then you're chillin for
like 5 hours before you do anything you
know so anyways we left the party I'm
here I'm in my little trailer we're
bored as shit and we see that there's a
DVD player in the trailer and I'm like
you know what let me go check my car at
the random ass chance that I might just
have a DVD in my car I go to my stack of
CDs in my little CD book and I find a
fucking DVD and guess what it is but
this is from 2003 a movie idea with my
boys hello there goes fucking sleepy
brown controller adventures
it's called Thai smile you can watch
this on youtube and have like 3 million
games like that son
but since Rick brought it up high school
sucks the musical is still coming out
y'all long story short because I'm
screaming over this DVD player and his
air conditioning um what happened was we
ran into some production problems way
way back because we were young and
stupid we ran out of money but the movie
has been acquired by another company
that has paid to finish and do all the
editing and the special effects and
everything we needed and they're also
gonna be paying to distribute it so what
whoa what happened a goody grand so look
Michael I don't know it's gonna be on
Netflix I don't know how we're gonna put
it out but it is coming out and since
Rick ass goodie brand we ran into a
situation but we are rebranding we are
rebuilding we got some dope shit coming
out goodie brand is coming back real
soon like for real i'm literally working
on that shit every day
okay that's a lot every I were going a
lot we do a lot we just mean it's coming
back we had a good ass meaning to since
you asked about
Ilyana Rick we are here on good terms
she added me on Facebook the other day
we exchanged a couple messages saying
how are you hi you cheered no who's that
she encouraged me the message in the on
Facebook after I got at it it's all good
all right last question what happened to
our weight loss we're operating at one
point
I see somebody not going on
inappropriate it's another day it's
another dollar
today I'm heading to beauty con la I
don't know why well I know a lot of
gurus so make sense apparently a lot of
a lot of makeup people watch my shit so
I guess it kind of makes sense but then
the beautycon I'm moderating a panel
with some of my faves Angie's choice
Dulce candy Rickey shucks the makeup
guru and make it woo I think me every
about to be the only straight dudes ever
those things Brad to give so much gay
dude hell yeah you already know where
I'm day big that did too
but I don't want no straight digs in
okay so come up here Beauty time
Ang's joy unless you told me it's been a
long time we've been
moving
she's a real MP she's a really popular
youtuber if you didn't know you watch
you like makeup videos watching chick
subscribe yeah gonna see let's turn up
let's get drunk let's get drunk and
beauty hello thank you Hey
yes
yo so as you can see I got mad bamboo
because
Asian girls sandwich alright Josh so I'm
over here I'm about to like shoot this
little thing for these motherfuckers
this is my first time on this shit but
look ya'll I'm like one of the cool kids
now oh my god I'm like a finder now guys
I got one of these motherfucking things
I'm trying not to bust my ass I'm trying
to get used to it so check out here
I didn't see you there
we here on set what's good breath we out
here let him know you already know man
down bhisma my guides him delageteau o
ghetto ass boy
he was here and then it was like well we
need somebody pretty too so they called
me up
yo I already ate most of this but it was
so bomb it was ice cream and a churro
and fruity pebbles ridges churro bar
that shit was great
I'll buy maker me and Rick had a little
meetings and whatnot and then they're
like hey we have a surprise for you so I
stopped in wait what you got big
security Rick and then for some reason
my twins is a pilot oh you know why cuz
I'm fly my twin is fly uh just so y'all
know um make sure you check out the new
show twinning on vh1 hashtag twinning it
premieres July 22nd on vh1 you go mm-hmm
it kinda has a thing that like when you
get up I can I can try and get you I get
you
yeah hey you like that the royal pain is
the clean your highness Thank You King
shit birthday surprise you got me a male
stripper yeah he's got like the best
Yelp reviews dude
number eight rated in all of Long Beach
right behind some guy named Ricky shucks
why did you give me a male stripper I'm
not gay
so what but very homophobic he's hot
