all right so we out here a to next games
what are we where do we head into right
now Doug Drabek Arvind rally car baby
I'm on my white boys shit today watching
these races it's not an Asian man sport
you know I'm saying we don't do well
with driving what are you laughing at
bro
so we'll help you all the way the top of
the big air vert ramp you know we're
just Gators get all the top and they
like drop down it's like super how steep
this shit is bro
that shit's crazy oh my god that's crazy
that's crazy that's crazy right
this is Madeleine's my homegirl from
Austin what up though so now I'm at the
tip-top of this shit this is where these
cats dropped from whoa let me hang on to
this shit cuz I'm like just give me the
all up in my I feel I feel it I got the
butterflies where are we sir we're the
top of the Kota tower at a circuit of
the americas suite how high is this you
don't even know
it's been fun it's been sticky it's been
hot it's been skatey x-games were crazy
Thank You X tanks for bringing me out
Thank You ESPN so uh yeah word good
morning you sexy motherfuckers so today
I'm shooting another skit that I wrote
last night at 4:00 a.m. I think it's
funny though but I have to go to the sex
shop to buy a sexy police lady uniform
and I like the sex shop man I actually
have a card too as like a regular member
there for like you know stuff like this
or when I feel like buying a sexy outfit
for my lady or if I just want some you
know some dick lollipops to suck on
yes perfect
I'm a lady cop outfit for today's skit
right but then I had to pick this up too
you know I'm saying hey little present
for her but really for me in case y'all
thought I was playing when I said I was
a preferred member up there I got a
rewards card for that TechShop sun-ho is
life hey Real Talk man I know I talked
about this free shit and the sex shit
all the time but I also think that it's
important that I bring up that if you
have ever had unprotected sex or if you
have unprotected sex like I know we all
are then it's important that you should
go get tested because sti's are a real
thing and even like the small ones like
gonorrhea and chlamydia the ones that
supposedly like you know it's only like
two weeks you take a pill and you're
done I mean that should feel scary man
chlamydia
green discharge comes out you dig hole
and you pussy hole so nobody wants that
that's disgusting so go get tested man
shit like herpes and genital warts you
can't even tell that you have it
sometimes because you know the the bumps
or whatever aren't always showing and
but that shit is forever man genital
warts it's little cauliflower shaped
bumps on your pubic region that's
fucking gross so go get tested man you
can go to a free clinic and go to the
doctor they take a little blood they
take a urine sample you find out in a
week and then you're good to go have sex
with whoever you want but a condoms
though even though I know a lot of us
are about that raw life condoms are
getting thinner and thinner that's
always your safer bet so hey go get
tested and go get you dick sweat and
your coochies pummeled you little freak
nasty filthy McNasty so we are back on
set shooting another sketch for YouTube
not for snapchat not for periscope I'm
still making YouTube videos I got my og
homie YouTube kill a high school boy
Eric super-ego here slow man and Pablo
I've known Pablo since high school too
you might have seen them in some skits
here and there you seen him in Eric's
skates you've seen I mean you might have
seen them in some PD flow videos if you
know who that is
they know that so as you've all seen me
in a few of my videos but tell him tell
him so I've been in this is my third Tim
video the first one I was shirtless the
second one I was gay
and this third one I'm shirtless and gay
yeah next level doing a little
self-conscious but just cuz I feel like
my legs looks long dude we got Gigi
playing the police officer she won't be
stripping today I went and she was when
I picked up the sex shop outfit for hey
one size fits all it was true hey I'm on
my way to a shoe but my dad called and
told me that there was some fans at the
restaurant so had to stop by so I got a
sad announcement for you guys do
copyright issues maker had to private
like 50 of my vlogs man I'm talking
about shit where you and me are singing
the shy lights dog a bunch of good shit
when I'm singing songs like some good
vlogs are in there too so y'all need to
watch these motherfuckers as soon as
they come out so you know you don't miss
them anyways we're on our way to this
little rooftop party in Hollywood sounds
so Hollywood I don't know why I'm gonna
beautycon but they want me up there I
know a bunch of the beauty gurus so you
know this would be a good time and she's
gonna get drunk man rick is so drunk he
hates you bitch a little bit I'm at this
beautycon party bang there's no there's
no music if I it's not that fun it's
okay sorry the open bar is fun the
music's going away but there's no tacos
I'm kind of mad at that but yeah a party
without tacos who are you
I'm Beauty zombie Diana the only zombie
Diana Moore we just met our best thing
because you're part Filipino and I
thought he was people think I'm Filipino
but we are hello hello everybody else
what's up bro what's up we out here
turning up we turn it up so hard and hey
it's okay
beautycon hey bro how are you how are
you today the royal pain is the clean
your highness
Thank You King shit this is Amir
Channing Tatum
yes no no take-backs she is totally
saying hey little Asian daddy come give
me that curved penis I keep hearing
about
