who are you happy birthday yeah and what
did you make for me a bracelet with your
Twitter name oh shit
oh thank you so now we got to play that
shit up right okay
this guy's gonna take us home from EDC
the limo driver what's up man what you
got to say I got to say I'm so happy
today to see Tim in person mm-hmm I have
been watching his videos for about five
six seven years and he really inspired
me hey but everyone who has a dream of
making YouTube videos I wish you guys
all can't achieve yes yeah so proud so
proud of team Thank You Man yeah what's
your name my name is Huy thank you again
thank you here you have very welcome
team we don't even talk anymore
we don't even know oh yeah you about
take me what's the musical called
waterfall they only care about it
because there's a Thai guy in it that's
the only reason why they want to watch
it so we can kind of hammer before the
show and there's a drink at the bar
we can enjoy the show yo this is really
the bar called a Thai smile what a
coincidence
yes okay what
okay so stop by the restaurant ran into
some subway guys from we guys from
what's up Houston Houston wassup guys
where you from
yeah what up how's the food
great bomb sweep thank you guys alright
y'all so I'm on set soon a little tiny
cameo a little short roll
I'm co-starring in this movie Feliz been
talking about expanding the role we got
it there's a dinosaur see I'll play a
dinosaur I'm will you pay me right what
are we all set for this is the perfect
match movie man is where your copy will
Billy woods or from Terrence J yes and
we having a lot of fun and you kind of
killed your scene today oh what the oh
thank you oh thank you
murdered thank you oh if you happen to
be fans of dorm taming what's up guys
you can eat at the very restaurant they
filmed that because they filled up my
family's restaurant oh yeah I probably
just erase that skit well ha last year
we put it back you see why we don't
allow their kind of ears so 1040 that I
did not read farted I didn't play anyway
I didn't fuck
so anyways if I farted I wouldn't sit
myself
cuz I am oh no check me Rick so I'm
under the weather right now I feel like
shit literally well not literally cuz I
don't literally feel like poo so let me
correct myself I just I feel not good my
throat is sore I have diarrhea you know
when your whole body is really like
sensitive and you ache and like you're
like it feels like your hair hurts I
don't know if y'all hear what I'm saying
with that but my hair hurts but Tori
Kelly is doing a livestream tonight at
the YouTube space and she asked me if I
could come co-host it with her and and
you know the show must go on I'm here to
support the homegirl so here I am
hopefully I don't shit myself on stage
hopefully I do maybe to go viral who
knows Rick
thank you okay so if you guys remember
years and years and years ago like I had
a vlog called crazy Justin Bieber fans
and and this girl was was one that was
the crazy Justin Bieber fan did you know
what am i all grown up these things are
like mad old school was
okay part hi oh hey baby
okay so I always tell this story about
how I'm the one that got Tory like
famous and signed and stuff but check it
out though I got the cosign I couldn't
get in the damn coffee shop where she
was playing this guy sees me outside and
goes what are you doing here is that I'm
trying to see Tori Kelly he said I've
got this and get you in he got me in I
saw the performance Tori saw me we
connected ladies and gentlemen
everything in my life I would have this
man me you know I'm saying where to
check where my check at doll Stewart see
oh my parents are going on a cruise we
are here a mess by new releases
I had to get me a copy oh my god oh I'm
watching Tori Kelly kill who's loving
you on the Beatty Awards right now son
this is crazy did you see yo if if they
didn't know if the black people didn't
know who Tori was now they're asking
right now who was that white girl
singing even though she's not white I
think she's like part Puerto Rican her
dad's from to make he's like part black
whoo as remember when I showed you that
clip last vlog of the fish with the
brain of the dog okay it was actually
part of a viral marketing campaign for a
movie called selfless by Gramercy
pictures I admit it and the movie is all
about like brain transfers they got a
new clip of a cat with the brain of a
bird the normal instinct of the cat is
to attack the helpless birds as prey but
a stronger instinct takes over the urge
protect and care for these birds its
maternal feeding instinct kicks in to
ensure the young bird survival what do
y'all think man this type of science
isn't real yet but it could be one day
what do you guys think is this like too
dangerous and we'd be playing God should
humans be effing with science like this
and if it was possible who would you
want to trade brains with you know I'd
want to trade brains with with Kanye
West cuz you know I think dude is a
genius and I want to see like how it
feels to just be in Kanye's head for a
while you know well maybe I trade brains
with Chia to see what she's like what
she thinks about how are you baby would
you trade brains with her a wasp or a
shark you're annoying already Cheers
I already have the brain of a shark babe
I'm from pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom pom a bitter but the royal
penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
