finally back home so you know I had to
get some dinner with okay Oh sexy couple
the Internet is a weird place right
I found this clip of supposedly this
fish that got like a dog brain
transplant and now it can play fetch now
what you're about to see as a successful
retrieval it was right for the toy and
returns to its owner this was all first
evidence that the mind transfer was
successful as the first is demonstrating
behavior that only a dog would have me
and Rick got a bet he thinks it's fake I
don't know I think it could be real
check out the full clip in my
description if you want to check that
out so I just had a lovely night with a
very special person in my life a lot of
you guys always ask if I still keep in
contact with this person
and you know you haven't seen them since
for like the old vlogs or whatever but
you know this person will always be and
have a special part place in my heart
and you know it's like you can't you
can't undo history you know I'm saying
and we definitely have history so say hi
that was beautiful man you should record
that like you should record that and put
on your blog because I was like
beautiful and like touching at the same
time tell me why I was like be 30 in the
morning right I'm just editing some
vlogs and shit right and then I look up
and I see this music video now I don't
know if y'all remember but I did a cameo
in a video like a few vlogs ago with my
boys Far East Movement and hold on wait
for it hold on guys
oh oh oh my god it's like what's going
on in this young man's face you know did
his girlfriend just break up with them
did his grandma just died did he just
discover he has genital warts who knows
could it be all three maybe acting okay
so I've been up here shooting all day
for a Playboy channel they got me doing
this series called today I fucked up and
hey what's up bro dude I'm right welcome
to our amazing house this is a Playboy
Mansion yeah yeah this is a Playboy
Mansion
it's not as cool as I thought it was
gonna be you guys sup bro how are you
what's up guys welcome to Playboy
Mansion how are you they had us kissing
all day man wasn't it sure Jordan they
had us kissing all day oh so gross
having the kids girls oh brother I used
to use my hands yeah I'm whipping this
out on you right now I just got some
some
dinner because I'm gonna be
collaborating with his chicken in your
future let them know let them know what
up guys what up Lexi but you gotta get
that light you gotta find your light
okay there we go
let him know who you are if you don't
know who you are Lexy Panterra with Lex
troika next workout the class we got
such a cool video coming and people are
gonna be twerking and I know y'all love
that
hey get it get it get it all right so we
on set shooting this skit for my channel
of course we got the lovely Gigi back
there what's up GG say what's up say
what's up hello
we got Gigi we got rig shaking his cakes
as well same sub brick hello
we got some muscles and scripts some
crawfish some king crab over there how's
that going
just got done doing this just got done
shooting for teens no everything is
showing TeenNick you might see me on it
last year if you didn't watch me on it
this year
this lighting is beautiful so I had to
break out the camera real quick got
durian here Sabra mom it was good baby
yeah he's so much taller look how much
time you know I'm just trying to be on
every channel possible right Tia what's
that see hey this is Tia she called me
to be on the show she's like super
producer she wears a D display super
producer Tia was amazing yeah ja so here
we find a lot
Yahoo wants me to tweet about their
livestream the operate
3 DC 3 DC you know I don't f with the
house music like that but I will stay in
the traffic area all night
hey that's late lighting is good okay so
we made it to Las Vegas we out here it's
105 degrees outside ready to turn up for
EDC or plura as the kids say thank you
for yeah who live for bringing me out
and you know I got a cool little room at
the Venetian you know I'm saying got a
cool little hey hey hey hey what are you
I don't even I don't even know who that
is I don't know how she got into the
wrong security we got Ruby the year no
no just kidding this is our home girl
worked with her in the past hello what's
your name just in case they don't know
Hey
we just got here here let's go with
Gracie
whoa that's pretty
I like this be right here
this being a good move yeah alright
what's up what's your name what's up
what's up over see and they just they
just fucking flirt they flirt me up yeah
demanded that he be in the vlog again
what's up what's up hey yeah of course
bro oh yeah I read you got a I'm working
towards my right now
sweeter than its so uh is the first day
of because I wasn't there okay over here
I'll set it up they talked I said that
but you get it you get the final price
right so apparently they were walk-in we
both we bought we bought these street
dogs has been walking in the parking lot
you know like the bacon-wrapped hot dogs
and so we're munch and I was taking
pictures with fans so apparently a
little white lady that was like you know
just on some shitty enrollment came up
to her and what she say good night the
royal penis is clean your highness Thank
You King shit don't forget to settle the
bet between me and Rick the winner gets
a hot dog so go to that video and leave
comments whether you think it's real or
fake
alright more EDC footage on the next
vlog peace
