what
what
at a long day of meetings today in New
York right now I'm at the Viacom offices
trying to get some more TV shows you
know what I'm saying trying to elevate
my shit you know what I'm saying I'm in
this conference room waiting on my
second meeting of the day I'm just gonna
here by myself I'm not sure what we're
gonna be talking about but hey I have my
meeting shirt on and got a haircut so
feelin good feelin myself feeling
confident which is important in a
meeting you know got to make that good
first impression I think someone's gonna
be skyping in on that giant screen
what's not giant but skyping in got some
fancy water got some green apples got
some white people out there you know
it's official I like this except unlike
ally
just left my meeting and then I this
dude recognize me what's up bro what up
and I'm at his restaurant where was it
called mock bar mug bars and Chelsea and
uh Chelsea Market and he hooked me up
what you got here ah this is a classic
Roman classic ramen yeah what is here
and that is the pork dumplings pork
dumplings and what's in here also there
is a shitake mushrooms talking maestro
or go for a lien bomb bean sprout the
show image array and for coffee thanks
man so I'm just got done we will the
person brilliant idiots what's up oh
yeah oh yeah you look good buddy hook me
up with your dermatologist but since I'm
working so hard I here in New York I
figured why not treat myself a little
bit upgrade my room as you can see i
upgraded wait oh wait dance more so you
know I got the TV is shit but wait wait
oh my god is that stairs is that stairs
in my hotel room Oh what is this Tim
what did you do what did you do Oh My
look at the view look it up you go hey
hey now that's a cool ass room Brett at
the cool as room I got this week I throw
a little party we are here we listening
to the hmm south track right now
what's wrong good on ya hey pretty ass
know what you're talking about hello
YouTube okay so this is going on you to
let me know if you know you don't want
to put you to write yeah oh this is true
this is shoe or what do they look you up
yes yes chicken man tickling me herta
but I need some time to be alone when
you love someone you just don't treat
them bad oh I feel so sad I don't wanna
leave she's crying her heart to me all
right so it's us the end of the night
fan tonight we bout to get kicked out I
know I had to order pizza for everybody
trying to turn downs right now
thanks for coming are they
mad dark but it's okay not not you busy
in general what time is it right now 35
345 pizza pizza and pizza hey how's that
pizza yummy yummy oh happy day oh happy
day oh happy day oh happy day when Jesus
washed good morning New York I got like
two more meetings today and then I got a
club event tonight and then I'm going oh
I'm not going home I'm going to Chicago
that was a long ass day tell me why I
went from a meeting with a chef right
who like took me to this restaurant and
we ordered like mad like he ordered me
just a bunch of samples of a whole bunch
of different shit I was drinking wine so
I'm like food coma full to capacity then
I had to go to another meeting with like
a production office right and I'm like
sitting there struggling trying to pay
attention to this dude talk about
business and shit I'm full um buzz i'm
sleepy trying to pay attention to this
to this man talk about like just boring
shit whoo but whatever and that is my
last line of duty out here in New York
tit eh Oh guess what they did from you
guys so I was only trying to have this
room for one night and like go back to
regular people rooms for this last night
that I'm staying here but the lady it
was like uh you can go ahead and stay in
there for like the regular rate and I
was like what thank you
so New York was a good time as always I
got to see a lot of my new york peoples
that i rarely get to see so it was
really nice to catch up with everybody I
got a lot of work done and I'm exhausted
but I decided to stop in Chicago shish
kebab for a night because tori is having
to show out in chicago on her tour and i
missed your shows in LA because I was in
Thailand and shit so I thought why not
stop by you know I'm saying since I'm
already kind of flying this way looking
real nice and sunny and beautiful I
always enjoy visiting chicago so should
be a good ass time
Oh
I remember
I mean good line you're like forever 75
yes just watch me boy you're
interrupting me just watch toy killers
oh it was crazy i was getting all the
mouth feelings I was like I was like hey
yo I was sold out sticks it to you I was
like yo I was like watching tory got me
so Heights all my other emotions are
like are like bubbling I was testing us
like they I love you so much let me feel
feel yo you all in my field let me see
your socks though I don't know it says
it says it says my socks are cooler than
you yeah haga Johnson a thank us look so
good you're so good tonight yo sodo good
job if you wanna get chicken shit go see
the red to her a tour and download the
new album pre-order pre-order the new
outcomes actually third I knew that hey
real quick I just want to let y'all know
that I'll be in Las Vegas this weekend
at EDC getting plunge up you'll probably
find me in the little trap area doing
this so come say what's up if you see me
if you can't go to ATC though you can
watch the whole thing cuz yahoolive is
live streaming it and you can check that
out at yahoo com / EDC alright see you
there p the royal penis is clean your
highness thank you king shit on me i'm a
nigga haha
yeah I love you yo man what and
timothydelaghetto watch hogwash left
their right hand slap I am ambidextrous
hey hey
