good morning I rolled out of bed around
12 ish
I'm still super jet-lagged from
Singapore and Thailand I got back
yesterday and today I'm gonna be on set
shooting my boys bad weather films
they're doing a movie and they wrote me
like a little cameo in this party scene
I'm playing a DJ you know DJ coochie
doodles and I was playing that and you
know man hey I've been gone for like two
weeks even though I was working out
there there's no time to rest
gotta get back here and put in that work
make this money you know I'm saying even
though they're not paying me now I'm
just playing they pay me you think I
would do this shit if they were a baby
come on
I know suck up found some homies what's
up dawg yo how are you what's up weirdo
sure oh ok 5 6 - in the house mmm God
what's up bro new home in sunny I'm a
nigga I wasn't gonna say a year get a
little dinner meeting networking meeting
of the minds with this cat right here
what's up I don't know why you don't
know if you don't know you're already
late you already late this is Roy Choi
man motherfucking restaurant tour of
Kogi truck mad restaurants a what else
brought Kogi truck hot Koreatown
vitamins in Chinatown he's ugly enough
we got any Asian town in the city
cactus angry mad was it open kimchi
fried rice other shit it's all my other
paper towel paper towel bouncy give me
that Brandon deal uh-huh oh yeah we out
here networking agency I don't know what
happened so imagine karaoke bar opposite
birthday
I want to fly
I don't know what's going on what's up
y'all good morning right now about to
hop on a plane again back on the plane
hey you guys miss me hey ready howdy get
some whip out no no she don't miss it
I'm on a flea thin shiny plane yeah
really
ya know what's been the jack bender
innocent years tennessee yeah really
yeah you gonna know man they're not
gonna let you on a plane so some shit
messed up with my flight to New York so
now I'm in Detroit for the night you
know if y'all don't know if if it's the
airline's fault that you miss a flight
then you know they'll rebook your fly
for free and in this case where there
were no other flights and they'll put
you in a hotel for the night luckily for
me this hotel is dope it's the Westin
connected right to the airport and look
at this bomb as view son the view is of
the runway the shit is so tight imagine
like being able to smash on this couch
and then like the pilots are landing the
planes and they're like hell yeah bro
tear that ass up and I'm like hell yeah
bro you land that plane shit Saul I
haven't sweat not really no we are The
Breakfast Club we got our folks from the
cast of wiling out with us this morning
all right yeah I'll see you on fly we're
going on people and timothydelaghetto
watch how great uh next stars of rush
hour 4
hey why you know why you play why are
you playing
the kid oh I think about I like the old
man's like yo Knicks is merely fuckin
with me right now he put me on this trip
with me goes as Dovan he was like he's
like come to the studio's artwork I was
like I was a song about he was like oh
it's about like you know pajama pants ha
ha ha from but you I don't remember it
like I don't remember but I got busted
with the hardest verse about pajama me
you ever heard you luckily I did
alright well finally got to New York I
just knocked out an interview at The
Breakfast Club with this dude with some
man we was tearing oh man we was so
turned Souter
ah you mean what she was uh Pro it is
pocket on the shirt you never see de
prank like that let him know about it
both moving yeah alright so we just
wrapped another interview over here with
Global grind you know I'm Sam cyber I
pop out what's up doc here on wow wow
yeah doing funny shit funny shit all day
of course we joined by gang signs gang
signs
yeah right the most gangster is cat on
the new season while in our hell yeah
flipped on birds breath they're turbo
all right young Matt's about to try his
first raw oyster no no the whole thing
man it's not gonna be just suck out
sauce you gotta do the whole thing
that's a lot that's a gulp right that's
a tiny locally as a losing I saw a
little my lips they go nigga North his
water break and there it is fuck out
anything okay last interview on this
little press run we had serious radio
for the sway in the morning so it's Matt
early
everyone's groggy but uh
subbed uh you ready freestyle I must get
bars I already know bro Laurel more than
one ladies and gentlemen one of the most
sought after comedians of all time when
a u2 is the biggest ever sensations
cross the platforms of social media he
is the man everyone on the planet except
for white people as he said knows who he
is
it was the only Timothy that I fight at
all hey man bro
ha ha spit of freestyle using the words
hyena and the dextrous and town business
I'm gonna go with hyenas come on man you
gotta pick the shortest one you know I
do look a girl had to tell me I got a
Vienna I said quit playing in the bed on
my hi hey I found a girl I had sex with
left their right hand slap
I am ambidextrous hey it's a word for
what sound business yeah don't drink pop
cake I don't like the business I go down
to the time to do my business got there
doing Russ wait the morning act like no
oh and all his followers follow me at
sways universe do we need subscribers
next time I'm back here on be rapping
I'm a buzz of results on play off the
top tool play I'll do it you're gonna do
it I'll do it right bringing back that
happen let's go I somehow hear my first
ever Yankee game I've been to a Dodgers
game I've never been to a Yankee game my
boy John weed what up and I'm going
through you good man thanks Samantha
from streamcon Thank You streamcon for
bringing me out I'll be back in work for
Halloween at streamcon
come out and see me oh my god I am such
a New Yorker today I feel like I'm on an
episode of Seinfeld pay attention look
let's go Carlos it's the last thing we
want happen is some white balls flying
out our face why Samantha that's right
guess what's going down right now I'm
over here at the filthy rich barber shop
in New York and guess what we're doing
right we're cutting the top now we're
cutting the top oh my god
a to a job I just wanted to try it out
but then since like a bunch of dumbass
kids started talking shit I was like I
got to keep it now or else I'm gonna
look like I've caved you know good but I
man make me look cute dog I got you also
the cuts done what y'all think which I
think y'all like better than uh the
motherfucking man button top not not way
fucking mother hey hey curse this you're
wack dogs shave it off shave it off yeah
give me the fake out here
sorry
tonight's premiere Wilin out was like so
fun and so dope and I'm getting so much
love on social media it feels really
good and I really feel like you know
people that really like recognizing and
fucking with me so it's it's pretty cool
let me tell you let me tell you how good
I feel right now son you see this you
see his shit I'm at the W right now okay
you see this shit right here imma eat
somebody's fuckin chips you know how
expensive that is this is probably like
ten dollars I don't even get the Royal
penises clean your highness
Thank You King shit your boys in the
newspaper wake up in my left hand I just
leave it in Bangkok bad bitch with a
nice in no bra net same time do you
still have diarrhea
