these are my auntie's and just now chia
met my whole extended family on my dad's
side cousins aunties uncles she's the
first girlfriend I've ever introduced to
that ties those Thai people that side of
my family and it was a success I think
they liked you
she was trying food she would normally
try even when she wasn't even a hungry
take note girlfriends that's what you do
if the aunties are trying to feed you
regardless of how full you are you eat
all right mm-hmm she was busting out a
little Thai here and there even that
means full so it was a successful night
and um hey thanks for being a cool cool
chick thank you turn up and your doctor
and asked me if I had diarrhea oh yeah
all right so all right so gia had some
like she must have had some bad street
meat the other day I had the same street
meat but I got I got a strong-ass
stomach god I could eat poo and not get
diarrhea we had told my dad that some
chicken messed her up and she had like
you know diarrhea for like a day or
whatever so my auntie is a doctor and so
we're sitting at dinner and my auntie
leans over she's like do you still have
diarrhea let's crack it up I don't know
she doesn't guys no more she does not
have any more diarrhea but just in case
I'm gonna check it out
gonna investigate yeah so right now
we're on a two-hour fan road trip to
Pattaya Beach
luckily my auntie hook it up with her
driver so we didn't have like hop on a
bus or anything sunrise on the hood of
Thailand would you buy aunt but what's
up eight the good ninja butter neighbor
to me would you would you yeah I'll mix
that up though oh yeah if I was an
eight-figure meet you by the
neighborhood see me would you Mia would
you clown me my good interesting
creature would you to live sum up what a
kissing which way
yeah
well would you
if I if I was if I was broke would you
come around me what would you call me
wake up in my left hand I just leave it
in Bangkok bad bitch with a nice scene
no bra that came from down shades out
great business too huh Thailand by my
right hands this West I like I'm too
kinky
so bow down and kiss my fucking night
she wants to do and that's lifestyles of
a man that's been grindin but now we're
just chillin found a little couple seats
to relax enjoy the beat enjoy the waves
be in pop - yeah the thing about it is
like this is a mad towards the area so
like every five seconds someone comes up
to us trying to sell shrimps trying to
sell someone offered to give her a
pedicure five minutes ago
the Thai Hustle is real right now little
noodle juice on the side of the road
they make the best noodles I'm telling
you on point who needs health code you
know I'm saying okay come come
yeah yo this should only cost me 40 baht
which comes out to like how much that
babe like a dollars and change breath
Thailand
walking around Pattaya and check it out
your boys in the newspaper was good
that's a giant picture
I live in drama
That's not me a rising completely normal
Asian star what does that mean yeah
we're really later for sure a Bangkok
Post what good Thai people so in love
hey
you're dating a newspaper drama queen so
mean she made reservations at this
restaurant called vertigo it's on the
59th floor of this hotel and yo check it
out it's going up on a Tuesday got the
girl in the elevator is she so we just
had on our table and this shit is cold
guys this steak is so bomb is you is so
bomb okay
and how's the company
go oh my god my buddy it looks like a
what you perv
what's it look like Oh people sometimes
ask me if I ever look at my life and
take a second to realize how lucky I am
and count my blessings and every once in
a while I definitely have to take a step
back and soak in how blessed I really am
and this right here is one of those
moments where I'm just so grateful for
everything that is going on right now
and what's happening and and the fact
that I can look at my life and really
truly say that I am happy and and that
everything I've been doing was worth it
and it paid off just like I knew it
would and you know and and of course a
lot of that is thanks to you guys for
supporting me and watching me and you
know so thanks for that and it's crazy
that the last time I felt like this was
when home I was in Singapore a year ago
on the top of the Marina Bay Sands pool
and this is interesting you know it's
like whenever I feel like this it's when
I'm when I'm closest to God you know so
thank you God Thank You Buddha Thank You
the universe thank you based god and uh
thank you for the blessings because i'm
definitely blessed and i know that way
so we're heading to the airport right
now and this car run that's taking us to
the airport has a Wi-Fi bro why am I in
the car it's correct
perfect ending to a lovely trip
Singapore Thailand it's been super fun
some beautiful family fans my bow it's
been a it's been a beautiful trip Thank
You Thailand I need to come back way
more often and feel so blessed thank you
love you the Royal penis is clean your
highness thank you
King shit hey yeah Ashish maybe yeah
Hakuna Matata man bigger big big old
Buddha's and Thailand what's up
