everybody loves superheroes right okay
you right okay check this out okay so so
you are like this like super pimp right
all that is that is in your name I'm
your sidekick
I'm dim-sum will be all that and do
anything super special skeet I got
planned right now I like I'm doing like
this whole Moulin thing you know I'm
saying cuz I got the bun and I got to do
it now because I'm trying to shave my
head for the wedding so I tweeted like
yo who got a horse you know I'm saying I
was like let me go big for this shit who
got a horse and I just meant tweeted me
back what's up bro who are you ray hey I
appreciate you Raoul that's that's India
over there the horse I'm about to be
riding ok she's getting warmed up
she's sexy too you know brown skin
that's how I like them you know say who
this black beauty is kind of sexy too
though what's her name you know Oh for
sofa so let me leave her alone there I'm
just getting this shit together right
now the sky is on fire where we at dog
WA area for coin one of the fire yeah we
are right it's like ash ashes falling
from the sky is gonna be a it's gonna be
a good shoot though
it's a dust storm all right you got this
Tim nice now he like kick like kick her
really hard and go cha you look like a
warrior how does it feel yeah I know I
know she's underage watch out right yeah
let's do it
um what do you want to shoot it from
John I'm thinking I kind of like to look
at this more than the other like it's up
to you though coming in from yeah from
like the left like it's gonna be like
more of a like that yeah type of angle
so we're gonna just see mainly this wall
right here unless you want to see
cheese more but I'm worried about the
red truck not I was fine okay okay so
it's literally just gonna be me just
riding up yeah riding up and getting up
right seem like two three shots okay you
know I can't do a super Asian ski
without my Asian dogs what's up
I had them drive all the way out here
the fucking skies on fire there's a
forest fire going on right now in the
mountain yeah literally I know yeah yeah
like but like a helicopters are look
like just cut off you can't drive in
here Dan son how we gonna get home
Thai horse all right we'll just eat out
hang out with everybody steal a horse
and run off so uh so now it's time to
get to work I wrote the script like a
week ago I haven't looked at it in you
guys got your lines memorized nope hell
yeah
what the fuck my god the skin is like
Jane Oh for the first time in years I
came back to Australia straight cut and
there's something wrong with my boy
Benji - time was good dog was good let's
get down I think it that just being the
Benji two times
I'm like a host in important eyes out
there's the first-ever haunting 490 in
Australia and they know
like literally like right after we land
we fly to Melbourne for a club event so
it's been a minute
Australia let's see how much it's
changed out there kangaroos straight
country on the barbie all that shit go
to gaze on
Saul I haven't known just what I really
know silly hose terminals all I ever
know after a 15-hour flight we're
finally in Australia Benji two times
look who we ran into
oh my goodness oh my gosh it's ash miss
Ashley be who gonna be flying to
Melbourne with me for this club event
tonight oh I got these chicken chips
because I was trying to find like some
weird flavored chips this shit about to
be crazy bro never seen this before my
life chicken chips we've got to take it
to sue there oh yeah this smells like
chicken
rotisserie
it tastes just like this kind of acting
like the skin on him some butchers reach
again
yeah some rice and a little soy sauce on
that hmm now fucking with it yeah like
it tastes like some
all right so we out here in Melbourne
Australia
it didn't go pop pop pop pop pop pop and
we are here man we are you know we in
this we got this beautiful little view
I'm out here with two times mr. bendy
two times this is on your story are you
putting this on your story with the
boomerang yo Benjy loves boomerangs
follow him on Instagram ladies and you
know when I get ready for the club's I
gotta put on the classics JOA this shit
birthday we bout to go do this little
Club event King would Ashley be and we
literally probably literally just woke
up from like a free hour nap brother cuz
we super jet-lagged and all that but uh
it's about to be poppin hopefully yeah
I'm getting paid either way now give a
fuck
good morning straya cunt last night was
a super fun super successful event
melvin really showed me lots of love i
forgot how much love australia actually
shows me when i come out this way so i
appreciate everybody that came out to
the club last night turned up with me he
took some pictures and shit it was it
was a good time so much love like a lot
of like really really like everybody was
showing me like it like you know
sometimes you know la people can be a
little too cool or like even like you
know americans can be too cool you know
saying but last night a lot of people
like hey man you know what like you know
thanks for being an inspiration thanks
for you know i grew up watching you blah
blah blah sorry that was British I'm
trying oh but um but yeah you know once
again I appreciate you guys thank you
vice Friday's for bringing me out I
appreciate y'all now we just kind of
like you know about to check out of our
cute little room here Bend you to town
getting some work done and we fly back
to Sydney right now because then I'm
because I'm hosting a hot import nights
on Sunday so also should be a good time
it's the first ever hot important nights
in Australia ever straya so yeah turn up
what's up y'all Timothy DeLaGhetto here
and I'm gonna be hosting the first ever
hot import nights in Australia okay
December 10th make sure you come to
Sydney Olympic Park there's gonna be
cars sexy import models prizes lots of
entertainment you know I'm saying I'm
gonna be giving out hugs and kisses on
booty calls I might even spit a little
freestyle as you can see I'm ready for
the booty call I'm not wearing no pants
let's go it's lit turn-up see you there
g'day mate stray a cunt peace
