we've been walking around Singapore
where are we my balls are sweaty my ass
cheeks are rubbing against each other Oh
oh hello hello and now I'm here back at
scape for a press conference for YouTube
FanFest so many youtubers Jason Chen
thank you okay so I'm wearing this shirt
cuz I'm a big man with children fan
right Al Bundy went to Polk high four
touchdowns in one game so she came up to
me she's like that's a really funny
shirt do you know what that means and
I'm like what are you talking about so
what does it say it it's a swear word in
Cantonese what does it mean whispering
whispering
she says it pretty much means like you
like die as well so like like like fuck
off and die
Oh yo man I got beef with y'all don't do
this
doo doo I joined man god I hate Phil so
it's the end of maker bootcamp we're at
the wrap party
we got lightsabers thorn I'm my
datastore and we're up on the roof roof
ijen hotel for this private maker events
and yeah man
Singapore open bar it's going down
what's up guys I'm with the man himself
we look like a sexy-ass alien right now
I am an alien you are we are not the
same you're a Martian
do cachet took me where am i where am i
right now in salami
I'm at Salon salon what someone beat me
I am oh it's long forget to get you know
freshened up because we got a little red
carpet tonight for YouTube FanFest who
are you bro I'm Shawn right here yeah
man I told them hey bro do whatever you
want just made me look sexy dog man
getting ready to go to this red carpet
for Fan Fest how cool is that
hello who are you hello guys David Shaw
hey
Timothy DeLaGhetto
what do I have to to make you
I'm here fan fest Singapore make some
noise
please everybody say here at YouTube
channels like subscribe uh-huh oh I'm
lying subscribe that way so if you guys
don't know like so you know one of the
reasons why I started making videos is
because I feel like especially in the
States the Asian American Asian dudes
aren't really represented you know like
on TV like it so much you like kungfu
doubles and a lot of nerds and like and
that's not me you know I don't I can't
fight I'm really I failed algebra so
it's like yeah kill me so I want to like
wet for the people you know in a
situation like that you said you never
dated an Asian guy before
girl you crazy I'm telling you this is
where it's at you don't believe me
just
Wow oh I give me your birthday shit boy
Oh last meeting greets of the day hello
who are you
yes and she bake me cookies thank did
you bake these you buy these oh thank
you she baked them last night well thank
you for my cookies I got a little
present some candy what's up who you got
thank you for my candy I got to make
sure it's not drugs in here people
trying to drug me roofie me at these
meeting greets you know whenever I
travel I always forget socks and
underwear so this lovely lady brought me
some socks thank you so much thank you
hello tell me why I just realized that
these socks you got me are cats
pooping that's so dope and if you want
to be dirty it's like a it's like a
queef because it's up its up pussy fart
are you single though can I can i holla
though dad told me if we go to Singapore
we need to go to one of these places we
can get like a bunch of street food my
dad's in Singapore has like really good
street food so we're out here at Newton
market something like that
appetizers some chicken satay
peanuts peanuts and watermelon juice
chicken and watermelon we go to
Singapore and we get chicken watermelon
babe
so we got some guideline fried rice some
tiger prawns some sweet and sour chicken
for the American and of course everyone
said we got to get the chilli crab when
we out here it's going down addict let's
see what's up with this chili crab
though
Oh scare me
the royal pain is to clean your highness
thank you
King shit good morning Singapore I know
it's Bruno morrow take a selfie and they
put it on your coffee how do you taste
rocks like you five socks
