good morning Singapore it is a beautiful
day after like almost 24 hours of travel
we have made it we out here look at this
sexy view yeah yeah okay Singapore I've
missed you over here rehearsing for
maker bootcamp tomorrow
oh yeah Sam macaroni so mean she are
lost in this gigantic mall we have no
idea how to get back underground the
giant seafood pasta seat too much it's
too much going on right now man
sugar shake the game's cool
what is his daughter Graham this is soup
column Geelong soup too long' Palacios
now bone marrow and what do I do
you grab the bone marrow
you guys that maro we I don't like a
warrior first thing in the morning is
Singapore and what is she doing I'm
trying to get an Instagram picture all
right you try to for me so stop yo so I
thought Madame Lee just had like celery
and carrots for us to eat in huge chunks
without ranch and I thought that was
weird
but that's not the case fashion who
juice man what's up man trying to keep
us healthy out here okay I got a combo
with minimal carrots or maybe its
maximum carrots maybe maybe there's a
misunderstanding
yes oh my god that's not really good on
my I'm here with Bruno Mars hey wait no
what's her real name is my name is Raul
yes oh you suck in Singapore sweets and
how are you go turn up uptown funk gonna
give it to you I some over here nigger
bootcamp performing and stuff make some
noise
see now look I know I know looks empty
but that's not because it's empty this
is full it's a different scenario just
Singapore so now what we're doing over
here make a boot camp is they split all
the up-and-coming youtubers into groups
with the mentors I'm a mentor she's a
mentor hello yep and we out here
brainstorming ideas this is hello
everyone say hi
brainstorm doc places all races No so
it's day two of maker bootcamp we're
here at Haji Lane and Singapore where
everybody in my group has to shoot like
a last minute quick little video what's
up what's up what's up what's up yeah
video no she's gonna be doing we out
here Haji Lane I know I told you it
looked cute but hey I should i I braided
it operated it
believe me I dated enough black girls I
know how to braid hair now I know I took
I'm just kidding I'm just kidding all
right I don't know how to breathe air
okay so I'm over here at selfie copy and
Singapore what happens is you order your
drink and then you take a selfie and
then they put it on your coffee I'm not
exactly sure what that's gonna mean but
what we're gonna find out
good lighting right
so these are our drinks with our selfies
on them I there's cheese oolitic Oh does
she his face is cheese Instagram there's
cheese face again and look it's naughty
it's not just on the lid it's on the
phone you ruined your face here at this
coffee shop in Singapore and it's great
because like I heard my homegirl Karissa
and Michael us the duo playing over
speakers which is always great and you
know YouTube gang for life and it's
great because I'm here with my youtube
brother Andrew Garcia we're in the back
of this coffee shop recording
brofist epic professed so I'm part of
this epic both is epic bro frist video
and oh it's a record a little low quick
little song you interrupted ok so over
here at was a special code sometimes
Sam's at ease and we're about to eat
Meza granny what about and so don't
worry ok which one is the more angry
this is what about its don't like a
doughy thing with onions and beef and
egg and it's fried okay okay
roti bat dying the mastaba you are
killing it this mastaba goes hard as the
mother butter tell you it's good it's
bomb so go a curry crunchy burrito bomb
I'm getting some of this with I'm Thai
man
that is bomb I'm going oh my a lemonade
so sweet and sour victim you know I Spit
I got that power yeah and I don't dance
yet cuz I'm here getting my groove on at
fan fest the Royal penis is clean your
highness
Thank You King shit Asian philosopher
the Bloody Mary would have slider on top
oh I wanna know hey
