I'll hear shooting these epic rap
battles of history can I say Who I am
what what the key Bahama keep that is
easy or sick oh well shit so we are here
shooting this epic Rap Battles of
History
I am the Asian philosopher Sun Tzu art
of war all that shit we got my boys in a
K Confucius and yeah man we out here in
these streets bruh
green screen life all right so we
finally wrapped it's been a long day now
you can cover my face I was like so now
it's 8:30
we started at 8:30 and finally get my
makeup off the long day a long day I
stink oily but it should be though yeah
okay now see we soon another huh sooner
womp womp so I'm on two more episodes of
this shit and then we're done look at
his bullshit remember that lady from the
last vlog that was doing my makeup for
epic Rap Battles she burnt me with a hot
curling iron thing she was curling my
little goatee shit and I went and she
thought I was doing because it was like
around me but no burn my face my face
man John Dawg that's hard can you
believe that believe burn my face this
is the moneymaker come on and slather in
this thing with aloe vera for the best
two days okay back on the stat I'm late
once again I apologize I'm here we shoot
another wiling out promo cuz it
premieres June 10th the next season
Chico be how you feeling brother up
strong like mr. TV is a crime but I'm in
a prime though when was that when he for
Rocky
Oh
so straight chillin getting some gum out
of my purse - that's right
I keep my heroin in my purse I'm Jana
Sarah amber we shooting this while in
our diamond and what's the Instagram
amber so they follow you with it I'm
gonna put it I'm gonna put it at the
bottom and I'll put the Instagram right
here how the fields you go I wanna know
fuck you me what are we doing oh so I
can get like a lot of okay hey how you
doing little mama let me whisper yeah
I'll tell you something that you might
like to hear yeah heard you got a nice
body and you ass look so did you mind
did you mom a little bit
it's a wrap as a long-ass day you guys
have fun how you guys doing
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yes
what do you have to say about the day lo
lo doom it was great so you know I'm
here you amber car you have it good good
you know working on these celebrities
you know yeah not really
I'm chillin longer Jamie and yo check
out this drink son it's a Bloody Mary
with a slider on top
how does it taste Wow how's the flavor
and how savory in that so she's ready
you know so it's like mac and cheese but
with flamin hot cheetos on top bro it's
a beautiful rainy day in LA as you can
see shout out to everybody at adidas for
hooking me up adidas Originals they just
hooked me up
laced me out with all types of adidas
shit thank you so much for all the a
DDoS a DDoS Hardy das thanks guys I
appreciate it ah sangre good morning
so tomorrow I fly to Canada to get Chia
and then we fly to Singapore together so
I can perform at YouTube FanFest and do
this whole maker bootcamp thing but
tonight I am hosting this little show my
homegirls the curly fries they have
their first official show showcase thing
they asked me to host it so that's what
we're going got Rick with me so Doug
Rick
WestJet is terminal number two and good
morning to you the birds are chirping I
am flying to Canada I'm gonna scoop up
Chia and then we're gonna fly to
Singapore so I have a long-ass layover
on my way to go see Chia but over here
at the Calgary Airport ran into some
supporters what's up so she is gonna
give me a little pedicure before we had
to Singapore tomorrow I don't know why
I'm a heat are already beautiful what
are you doing Oh gross that's my cuticle
I think they want to see got my wine
d'Artagnan okay d'Artagnan she doesn't
just have like a nail set up in her
house this is like she's just she just
does this for living so don't try this
at home unless you're you know that's
right okay so we're on our first lay
over she got her minks mink coat on
and we got what's up bro yeah and we got
a little break before our long 12-hour
flight to Hong Kong chin Chia got the
chinchilla on down are you ready for
this 13 hours late
I'm gonna watch sort of the Rings I'm
gonna watch Harpo bosses and then I
watch you gotta watch Kingsman yeah I'm
gonna so bomb so bomb and violent and
then when you fall asleep I'm gonna
sniff your butt the Royal penis of clean
your highness Thank You King shit
freshness of my balls is a very very
important thing for me
