yo so ever since I saw this on Instagram
I was like I need to eat this when I
come to Vegas
luckily my homegirl Mariah took me to
district 1 in Vegas to get this
motherfuckin lobster Fabro that is a
whole lobster about to go in fo real for
real oh yeah I'm gonna put some sexy
music on over this right here look who
joined us for lunch
Benji two times that's right he'll spit
two lines and get two dimes Oh
that's 20 cents far Hey and I just got
this is I forgot what they even called
it but it's like a sriracha Oh
Vietnamese donkey some donkey punch no
no it's not as gone um and it's like a
Bloody Mary but it's sriracha all up in
there oh and it's
hey you know what's up/ok Vegas that was
fun but it's time to go home and get
back to work
clean my place up because my dad and his
homies were turning up there while I was
gone and so yeah and I need to get back
on my fitness shit man I feel my face
getting fat again
uh jig on dummy
so I just hopped off the plane an hour
ago wash my balls change my underwear
nope kept the same underwear on got in
traffic for 40 minutes and came to shoot
some more youtubers react with my boy
the fuck my boys the finebros what's up
guy very happy that you wash your balls
but it is I hell it boldly call ball
fish only bad it's all bad it smells
like fish oh this is young
Buffy bump you guys smell each other's
balls in your ball fish brothers let me
tell you the freshness of my balls is a
very very important thing for me okay as
it should be for all you guys out there
okay so another day back on set shushing
no everyday all day
protecting another ward oh okay Doughboy
what is this again dog ratchet detective
yeah Oh mais oui pretty in this light
keep talking boss but yeah I talk on my
oh thank you thank you now you pause for
you do you read it okay yeah let them
know let them know and uh yeah may uh
yeah here we are you told me break your
town a right to remain silent
dude you were just doing Doughboy hey
youtube uh okay so I just wrapped that
shoot with summer Ella right and then I
got a random-ass text like hey are you
shooting the skit cuz we live down the
block and then look a oh my god oh my
god I'm a legend but look who it is
I don't know that's Mike from dorm
Taemin I'm at the dorm Tama house um so
yeah we are here at the dorm Tama house
getting dorms retained oh yeah we say
that dorm team me you get a dorm to
retain I'm getting warmed up by these
dudes I'm getting I'm getting some dorm
you know and that was a long-ass day
like 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
ish and it's Cinco DeMayo I was like yo
Cinco DeMayo yo i'ma go get some tacos
in a margarita and I'm turnt up and then
I was like man I'm tired and plus it's
probably gonna be super packed and I
don't feel like being around people
right now so the taco spot down the
street got me some bomb-ass tacos what I
was about to say I'm go to sleep but
then I have to write some rappy rap
lyrics cuz imma be in an upcoming epic
rap battle so
no sleep tonight turnout guess what guys
I'm here I'm in the studio recording
because I'm gonna be on another hold on
let me turn the camera around epic Rap
Battles of History oh yeah I haven't
been on one since I was a king jong-il
versus Hulk Hogan gonna be on another
one with some special yes make sure you
come out to the beyond the stars Palace
in Glendale on May 15th because I'm
gonna be hosting the feeling good
benefit concert from my girls at curly
fries I don't know why I said at but he
had curly fries come out May 15th I'll
be there turning up shake your hands
grabbing booties come through so I just
finished recording with epic Rap Battles
look what I picked up hit up hitchhiking
sided rolling oh man he was on the
street he's hiking with a neck pillow
about the bus and left I saw ID
Boulevard and I guess it's just man and
uh hang all hang all Street much like yo
so this epic rap battle thing man I
don't know how to describe it how would
you describe it
um it's uh um man he's gonna have to see
yong-jin might be in it I might yeah
after uh after some careful
consideration yeah I would do a video
with him it's always a nice outcome for
me at least right I get like three more
followers on Twitter I get four more
subscribers on YouTube so I mean he's in
a bit epic Rap Battles is always a good
look yeah okay so I just left that
studio session and now I'm here at a
script reading for like a movie and
stuff um
oh look it's Timmy time hey guys see me
time right now I'm say right hmm ya know
what I'm gonna start you should it's
Timmy time you're on everybody you're
watching tough talk controlling hey Sam
what we doing dog that you guys don't
know anything about up so anyways here's
the name of the movie
Oh tight
I want a dog now morning here getting my
makeup done for the epic rap battle
I got Korean effects back there Jin in
the makeup chair getting his uh his Ming
Dynasty on it's probably not accurate at
all uh hello hi hey Perry's gonna be
making me look like a Sun soo is this is
me this is what you're gonna be doing to
me right now yeah oh my goodness
okay there we go that's what we doing
that's what I've got guys but all of you
that don't like my little man bun thing
I grew it out for this music video
that's it I am gonna cut it off after
this that's a lot the Royal penis is
clean your highness thank you King shit
what do you think it even am I my
weakest force using abilities I can
still do this no that's any I don't need
a star in the I need to star in the eye
and won't cut your arms off have you
seen Bruce Lee fight you think he needs
both of his eyes to be that good okay um
yeah and speaking of a great guy happy
actually
oh my gosh it's scenario time and that's
totally how you pronounce it mm today's
scenario
kitten stampede there we go
it's okay
