now at the airport we don't see other
land because she's bringing her home
girls to LA this time Canadian home
girls for all you guys to Halloran ok so
she brought her friends here from
Canadia so I must show them you know the
LA life the turn up we bout to hit the
club this is Stephanie hi and this is
what she never wants to go out she
always just wants a lady was Netflix far
all over the place
follow them on Instagram at her hot
friends um they're both they're both
single so add them and creep all their
pictures no I'm trying to pass them all
off to break anyway
call up TMZ I'm fucking famous the
paparazzi fucking face
they watching me
and what you wanted me
two eyes look at veggies can look at
your dick um I'm peeling with no hands
right now that's dick scale on the
freeway see me
Oh
so last night was bad real where's that
I wasn't sorry I stepped on her foot
last night was mad real baby I feel good
too um but okay so I have like lipstick
here and on my nose and on my mouth did
you do that cuz your lipstick doesn't
like stay like that
and you're just like pink who who did
this to me and in front of you I'm gonna
take a big ol shit the home he gets
random dots all right just now we were
sitting in complete silence and Rick
leans over how would you say though I
just expressed about how I'm going to
name my children I'm gonna give them
regular people names but I'm starting
with VR instead of what they're supposed
start with for instance Bry chol instead
of Michael brashley beggary Tim breathin
breathin it's okay Bulbasaur shucks guys
about to go to Disneyland but I ran into
some paramount supporters was good hello
yeah cool
so I'm taking I to her first
make Mexican fruit man experience
you like that unbelievable
I even like that Rick cucumber task you
like that baby lamb you know doing
typical la shit Mexican fruit Disneyland
the tower terror how you feeling baby
and I filled the whole time hold wailing
hi how was your experience no no Rick
how how you how'd you break hide you
Dobies usual
well go to Long Beach to get pizzas
looks really good pizza
Tia loves the heat right so not not not
the basketball team but the temperature
and for some reason Ricky's like fuck it
let's just try to go all the way to Long
Beach without turning the a/c on or
opening any windows so everyone's like
fuck it let's do it
and that look my car is fun oh that's
gonna be so cool no we're gonna die hi
guys I hope you're happy
ah oh it's a Monday Sunday Funday but we
got some new players in the game we got
my auntie from Thailand we got my we got
Rick and and of course she is here
nothing y'all took her face right the
royal pain is the clean your highness
Thank You King shit she practically said
hey could you do me a favor and get
ready get a little taiwanese friend and
give me that sweet black meat bra you
are tripping okay look obviously we both
think she wants the D right there's only
one thing to do would rock paper scissor
for it damn that makes sense all right
fine well hide it so she doesn't know
we're competing
