over here on the set for Danny reals
remix of only and I'm here to do my part
and yeah okay so we out here um you know
uh me I swore off doing remixes and
covers a long time ago and I sort of
deep-fried but Danny's making her rap
debut on this only remix and asked me to
hop on it so um I said sure
punching out a rapper how was your first
take as a rapper music video shoot yeah
I think kill it bitch feeling all that
on it I hit him I do Dan from vine to
come through and groove what's up man I
can't Instagram Twitter you know follow
my space on our - shade shots all of it
all that Asian Avenue black planet me
gente a Christian mingle all that follow
him yeah yeah yeah all that fucking
tinder yeah I got him to come through a
groove a little bit he's dope he doesn't
only make vines guys he's actually a
good dancer too so unfollow him on vine
once maybe real shit yes Michael Niko
that's not cold at all with like a
billion go shilling
yeah only I never fucked Danny but y'all
think I did even if I did I wouldn't
tell you kids thought she hated once
make a vid upload the clip and get a
billion hits I Spit the realest shit
that's Keiko from the get-go
that's Aiko got a ride open like a gyno
and she never let her gyno just plant I
got a girl at her name cheetah cheetah
hi
we fly to Mexico sent margaritas this
love is so cheesy called a quesadillas
we movin in silence like I got a Prius
we ducking the cameras you can't even
see us like
okay guys so um I'm having a little
writing Seska lab Oh
situation with hey they don't know who I
am so Dietrich he's up yahoo hard what's
up what's up hi Andrew you're not hey
not in this at all um he was a judge in
America's Best Dance Crew and he was on
American Idol you're darn right jaeseok
you got tattoos on you ain't you get oh
you wanna get off finger tatting where
am I they're right wait my writing
session uh he means cuddling cuz we
would as we just chilling mm-hmm manly
though manly cuddles just the shoe and
kissing stop lying whores
oh hey guys look I'm on another TV show
tonight
when motorboating goes wrong look at me
who's your idol dog Chingy
we just sit here waiting on this flip
phone the ring couldn't help it how you
guys doing as you can see I just left
the barber shop I got this shit you know
just kind of crispy freshened up a
little bit and I still have the
motherfucking top knot and I put bobby
pins in it because this side isn't long
enough yet to get all the way back up in
there and can we talk about this real
quick I've been telling Vince my barber
for like the past month I like you know
a man let me just see how this shit
looks let's grow it out let's see how it
looks and I'll probably just cut it
right afterwards you know I'm saying
um it my hair is is thick and beautiful
and luscious um so you know I'll be
wanting to see how it looks in different
styles you know this top notch is poppin
I was like let me see how I look let me
see if it looks cute I was pulling my
hair back I was like you know it looks
kind of cute trying it out right took a
couple Instagram pictures I had no idea
that dudes would be so affected by me
trying out a new haircut on everything
it was dudes in my Instagram comments
talking about damn Tim you used to be my
idol now I can't fuck with you I gotta
go watch somebody else or like wow
really Tim hopping on this trend you are
fake you are hypocrite I can't support
you anymore I'm like bruh you know I can
take this hair tie oh right like ah I
can do this if I do this I mean I'm your
idol again and I get it is people saying
you know do you always preach to be an
individual don't follow the trends but
like here's the thing I can try a new
haircut guys it doesn't mean I am
following the trend just because I wanna
be with the crowd like I want to see how
this shit looks in my head like fall
back chill out how about my dick you
guys swear like when I had a ball fade
every other dude I knew didn't have a
ball fade you know um y'all were mad at
me when I first started doing the
comb-over and you loved it
um this is just another haircut
guys I could do this and it's not a
topknot
man-bun thing anymore you know um so
just calm down guys it it it really is
crazy how much dudes care about my hair
and the thing about it is I really was
gonna cut it off like shortly after I
tried it out but because y'all are
giving me so much shit about it
fuck that I'm keeping it shit bitch you
bitch you weak bitch imma put I'm
putting I'm putting y'all in the vlog
was good was good yeah yeah yeah so if
y'all didn't already know you missed a
vlog or something like that um I
recently signed to CAA which is a talent
agency and they basically helped connect
me with people who I need to be
connected with you know and um like last
week I was like eh how does one get into
voice acting work cuz I really had fun
doing the voices powerhouse right so
they just they I just recorded a little
voice demo right now with their
voiceover agent and she said I killed it
so you know hopefully uh you might hear
me on some cartoons and shit in the near
future and that's dope because um I
don't have to like be cute for those you
know I'm saying and that's dope cuz I
can roll out of bed being my drawers not
brush my teeth and still go get this
money you know I'm that not that I would
ever do that because I have a thing
where I need my balls and butt area to
be fresh I used to always say you should
keep your balls clean at all times
because you never know when a random
girl is gonna want to suck your dick
like at a coffee bean or at a Starbucks
or at a Del Taco
you know saying but now I feel like you
know it's more about just like if you
want to be successful you need to have
clean good smelling balls man it just
comes with success you know I'm saying
if you want to be a boss you're gonna
have boss balls you know the Royal penis
is clean your highness Thank You King
shit obviously we both think she wants
the D right there's only one thing to do
what rock paper scissor for it
damn that makes sense alright fine let's
go well hide it so she doesn't know
we're competing right okay Rock Paper
Scissors shoot
Hey
