what's up guys and welcome to vlog
number 500 before I even get this vlog
started and I show you the regular shit
I just want to say thank you for
watching my first vlog was up in October
2009 that is almost six years ago you
know I'm saying and a lot of y'all have
watched every single vlog whether it is
from the beginning or you had like a
little marathon and just sat and caught
up on everything for like a week y'all
y'all have been watching and I always
say that the vlog viewers are special
you know I'm saying because you guys are
invested you know you care about me you
are rooting for me you know who my
friends are you know who my family is
you know who my girl is you've been
there through past girlfriends and when
I was in college trying to you know get
a degree and like and you've been with
me on this journey you know and and you
were there for my single turn up vlogs
and and and I just I'm grateful for you
guys for continuing to watch and F with
me like you do you know of course I got
the best vlogs on YouTube you know I'm
saying I'm trying to say is I can't
reply to every comment on YouTube or
every tweets or every tumblr message but
you know I feel the love I feel the love
and support I really do and I and I'm
and I love you back and I appreciate it
man
you guys ride with me a lots changed
over those years you know y'all used to
watch me when I was just you know
college kid in my parents house in my
room and you know now I got my own spot
I'm with like I found the girl that I'm
gonna marry and um you know yeah that
probably made y'all go wow right now but
that's real you know like I wouldn't be
doing this long-distance shit if I if
there wasn't a future there you know and
I'm glad you guys have you know even
though even though she doesn't like the
vlog camera too much
I'm glad you guys
I've been a part of that too so hey
thanks for watching man you guys are the
shit I appreciate you and this is just
the beginning now for the vlog
morning guys guess what I'm sick again
Oh what I still have to go to the
University at Buffalo I am all half numb
right now
I'm just ready to get on this plane and
knock out I got my uber driver here
and yeah oh my god it's vlog number 500
ice landed in Buffalo hey welcome hello
hello welcome is the only thing warm out
here because it's freezing
oh my god wait so we just like this
what's up bro who are you I'm Alan I
thank you for my what do you call this
thing can dama you're gonna like do it
for me okay ladies you see that you know
eastcoast dama coming at you from UB
yeah we out here at the University at
Buffalo it's the best night at my life
I'm so convinced then make some noise
now we're gonna go home thank you guys
thank you guys for bringing me out bring
it thanks for bringing us out stop by
the restaurant all the way from San Jose
with something man she lives in the blog
hello
Kayla yeah TV bitch all right what a man
so it's a vlog 500 I wish I had more
exciting shit for y'all right now but
it's excited look at me I've been sayin
like you know just been in bed like a
few days right now I'm on my way to do a
little cameo in a Far East Movement
video music video so yeah
there we go we behind the scenes just
music video well we're going up break
yourself music video today legato break
yourself music video fucking swing
bobby's movement I'm out here chilling
out if you know what I'm doing in this
music video but we out here these are
real cigarettes don't smoke we're on
this crazy school bus right now
yeah so I remember you from the 15 yes
yes you listen bro thanks man yeah do
brothers playing I remember you da I'm
still a little sick I'm getting over it
but I'm taking my boy super taking my
boys we're over here too
we're gonna do this little game show
thing and and be so much when super
early Monica I just got to the YouTube
space we're gonna do this game show
thing what's up man Who am I with hello
what's up ash your boy Brando commando
your boy Brando command ello how's
everyone doing
I'm you supposed to tell them how much
you love my video oh yeah I love Tim so
much um 19 now I started watching you
when I was like 13 14 - it's been a
raise you raise yes exactly I saw you go
from my very first video I saw from you
was the dick pic picture either that
yeah it was the dick pic picture because
I used to play with the Jesus and the
Buddha toy and I was like I need to find
out somewhere I couldn't ever find it
but you you you you yeah you raised me
isn't it's incredible and now you out
here doing great
bring it in bring it in good man ladies
send him nudes behind the scenes we
shoot in this game show on the Buzzard
channel we playing a beat
I finished shooting for that game show
and now I'm on my way to Hollywood to
audition for a movie Hey
auditions your boys going on our dishes
now trying to take it to the next level
you know I'm saying like I'm on an
escalator of life you feel me
it's an escalator because even when it
stops working you can still make the
choice to keep on going oh shit hell
it's off the top that's fucking deep I
just left the audition I was walking
wants a picture I turned around the
biggest fan yeah fans will just blow so
she's auditioning for a part in the same
movie it's actually the same part oh
dear well then I'm dressed wrong or
maybe you are so now I'm just chilling
watching Bob's Burgers you know it asks
my shit you're gonna pack my bag soon
cuz I go to Philadelphia in the morning
cuz we got a show on Saturday me little
crazed honey cocaine I've never ever
done a show in Philadelphia so I'm kind
of excited and then there's an
after-party after that at some club and
then freeway is performing random as
shit it's gonna be freeway and a bunch
of Asians but hey Philadelphia come
through informations on my Twitter and
probably in the description new video up
tomorrow on my main channel about
cellulite and thigh gaps and all that
shit once again have a good night be
safe don't do school stay in drugs
reverse that
love peace scheme cheese ski dreams the
Royal penis is clean your highness Thank
You King shit
