okay let's go check it out you and me we
won private events together to me old
white women right what okay so I'm not
doing nothing with all white one minute
okay so I'm tied I don't know who that
I'm tied from Thailand you're black
correct okay so it can be called oh my
god so y'all so we have an action-packed
wedding King Day today because I know
I'm gonna bring you in baby okay we're
gonna bring you into it anyways tell
them what we're doing today we are
spending the day with our wedding
planner and we are doing looking at
invitation we are doing some cake
tasting do you know me
I'm just excited for the invitations
that's all a man really cares about is
the details of the fonts and the shapes
of paper card this card stock the
thickness of baby you you had me at
cardstock let's do it so we finished
looking at all the invitations and
invitation options and the 1 ply paper
and the two ply paper and fun all the
different fonts different colors and and
after all that I think I've decided babe
of me my decision
Popeyes biscuits are better than
church's biscuits then now this is game
changer for me because I always used to
say cheese biscuits were better but mmm
we'll just put our invitations on that
bad and then they can eat it it's not a
waste
perfect waste mountings but we just met
with desiree from heirloom papers and
she is full of ideas and it's
overwhelming but i liked it at the end
of the day she'll sue Lucilla
so tear it up
Oh sheet all right
and if you think that he's being crazy
now we were on our way to go taste cake
and he's gonna have more sugar than ever
in his life before he's gonna be off the
wall it's gonna be so much fun aunt
hopefully it doesn't cost too much dough
so we're here with Collin Collin Collin
kick my Collin we're gonna be trying out
different types of cakes to see what we
want to eat at you know our wedding
we also want fondant statues of me and
her jumping rope on top of the cake shut
out to the meat undies for sponsoring
Chia because I can see your panties
through your leggings you little dirty
girl yeah so sit like this is why she
gets excited about some gloves gold
metallic ish gold leaf teens gold foil
machine okay my little gold Barbie
jo-ann's fabric store the fucking it's a
madhouse guys middle-aged white ladies
everywhere running on money and then she
it's it's it's the Saskatchewan
inherited that means I love this have
you excited this is genuine to like
she's not she's that shot to be funny
this is this is real no more now she's
like give me that bug in fabric store
crafts and fabrics fabrics
babe okay so I wanted to go to sleep
after a long day but she was like no
please baby I want to watch you on the
new season premiere while I'm out on MTV
you know like oh god oh my god get off
my nut you would be such a good
storyteller because you're full of lies
so you don't support me and what I do
know I support you but you are the
sleepy one
I'm the sleepy one what I'm sleepy one
anyways she's loved watching me on while
now and we're watching you right now
me as me baby yeah okay you can go to
sleep now why you so obsessed with me
that's life that's a Mariah Carey song
pussy good morning
there's a bright golden haze on the
meadow there's a bright golden haze on
the meadow the corn is as high as an
elephant's eye and it looks like it's
climbing here up to the sky oh what a
beautiful morning oh what a beautiful
day I've got a wonderful feeling
everything's going my
if we have a list of things to do
instead of the Crematory mm-hmm
Levi hora knees or knees yeah yeah hey
Arnie Fortson Eggers huh huh that means
so here's a brand new holiday tradition
she gets the or knees together or knee
while watching are you the one yeah I
put together our fake tree from Walmart
while eating sushi doh peppers and and
then we celebrate by having some eggnog
yo I'm so pissed bro I buy some eggnog I
was so hyped to eat my eggnog right and
it was like and I was like oh my god
it's December 1st I'm gonna like
ceremoniously drink this eggnog and the
mother fucking car and said used before
November 28th the expiration date look
man I'm just trying to live life you
know I'm saying don't live my best life
you feel me hey what the fuck this man
is beautiful who's this beautiful past
man listen babe am i prettier than him
yeah yeah look me in the eye you're
better than clean okay am i prettier
than him okay I don't care if I'm better
than him I don't care about the
personality shit tell me I'm sexier than
him you're six you think Clint no look
me in the eye okay see if you want a
relationship to last you need somebody
that's gonna lie to you since the season
to be jolly then I've been good and even
bout no Molly's messing with these girls
in the only
so tomorrow when I wake up can it be you
know Bugatti oh come on in thank you
cookie but cute
all right so it's that time of the month
where we gotta buy some tampons that's
time we take her back ship her back to
Canadia going back home I'm going going
back back to Canadia Canadia hey it was
fun kiddo yeah it's been fun buddy
thanks for hanging out with me sport
yeah you're welcome
POW and make Christmas Happy New Year oh
yeah baby I'm gonna see you for New
Year's either no Sam maybe I'll send you
them I'll send you a message on
Christmas or something Danny don't go to
Vegas so you will not touch a thing
would you mean you cannot are you crazy
don't call me crazy I'm married not
buried yeah where did you get that from
Bob's Burgers that's funny gene said
that
yeah he would okay air canada alright
this is my stop
all right baby i love you come up you
two see you next year okay to me I know
the rock cover the royal pain is this
clean your highness
Thank You King shit
