it
trying to navigate the craziness out
here trying to get into the show
but that doesn't mean I can't get a
workout in so we are here outside the
YouTube thing trying to get in to watch
the begin hey babe look she's a
retreating to get that light on her and
she she's originator of it really lately
but yeah what you kind of go off the
week here right now at the YouTube space
these motherfucking YouTube space people
won't even let me in come on man
Ordo are the YouTube space I am the
YouTube
I am the spaceship so I'm walking these
streets
don't found it got me ask some Asian
shit my dude they got a movie coming out
so we are here stop by Southwest Texas
goes hard busy two times Bryan foosballs
he's about to break out a new
choreography right now no not for free
bugger
okay stop by Southwest day two we had
instead of mtvU Woodie awards it's so
wet and it's so rainy and it's so cold
this man's a G though
this is madness
yeah
Oh
I don't know fucked up
we're good so I'm here at the mtvU
Woodie awards we up here it's cold as
shit and it's wet as shit
but at least we're VIP section under the
tents free drink and free food not out
there with the common folk that's a joke
that's a joke it's like it's a its backs
but it's a joke but it's not but it's
not because they were stuck to be out
there right now
he worked too hard to be regular I work
too hard to tell me I'm not a very
important person
so South by Southwest is officially over
for me and Benji I did not know he was
gonna be looking like that right now I'm
dumb drinking I need to get home I need
to get home
don't go feed the baby Benji I need to
get home and detox and cleanse my body
and eat some healthy food because I feel
disgusting
birthday mom as her party you love you
oh it's my mom's birthday party and
she's having a party with all her
friends and she made me she really
wanted me to vlog I don't know okay
turn up come back what turn I know say
it turn up cheers Cheers
I thought we are here we just ran out
here we are there power 106 a crucial
yes there we are
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh hello
how are you
yes yes that's looking looking like a
tired looking like look like a homeless
do that for money's in Beach look at
okay so from one interview to the next
ten to three knew it too yeah it might
catch me on a couple of reruns of Love &
Hip Hop Hollywood okay I need to make
some new musics you could play it on a
two man ended up a batch of spot look
who's here guys
Oh fresh office don't found it lost you
know saying look wells is here guys no
no it was debatable is the big watching
it live I feel like I couldn't wait
either way you know I'm saying but re
watching it I feel like you edge did yes
okay so you know I just landed yesterday
but you know I'm saying you know I stay
grinding and shit so I'm out here
collaborating with the og YouTube homies
just kidding films with stuff y'all we
shoot some more just kidding news yeah
so uh you know just talking that shit
I'm saying eat healthy shit okay trying
to get buff like Bart this is all these
guys cheese's all day it's a 24-hour
Walmart what's up Brandon since
and someone my friend oh my oh my god oh
my god thank you the Royal penis is
clean your highness thank you
King shit take a visit in to greener
pastures to throw the life spunky like
cobblestone pothole problem phone seat
belt dinging in the collar bone but you
are not alone standstill traffic even in
the no-stopping zone the slow lane will
never be your own lane merge nothing get
the fuck up up the road man me and here
when were in the whole plane the
directly up and see is that the window
saying smoke em if you gottem mccain's
at the top part away from the bottom
