okay so it's the morning after on a road
trip to Houston
how you feeling bad I'm good actually
how long is this road trip about to be
three hours doing that flowers for you
so why we mean breeze turn up tonight
everyone's knocked out but you know yeah
bruh yeah my dog yeah Bucky's lucky just
like this giant road stop gas station
it's like I'm so overwhelmed though it's
so much to take in I don't even know
what's happening out the bathrooms were
the bathroom was beautiful it's the
beautiful eNOS gas station bathroom I've
ever seen in my life if there's beef
jerky there's like homemade beef jerky
is shit I don't know what is this man
sauce I bought a sausage because I don't
even know what I should be buying right
in it
so this is this is Bucky Dent okay
what's up bro I know I know I'm sort of
a person
yeah girl Raya Raya it's the Big Finish
a big fan of me so thank you thank you
Araya Thank You Araya these are so dope
thank you but I love thee ok it's my
girlfriend she's in Mexico I love her
and to my friend Tina and Marco we watch
you and love you thank you thank you
shout outs on your girlfriend in Mexico
okay this is Jenny Jenny where do they
work where they work in this fugly
sandwiches sleeping sleeping gum you
ninja turtle thank you bro
thank you for my post
see how you are asked to be in the body
got nothing to say to this shit off
zombie shit you said you kiss her kiss
me dog oh hell see don't be a little
bitch kids need off thank you thank you
it's on your arm yeah yeah yeah my name
is Alvin with a man hey hey I want to
make a shout out to a special friend in
LA right now
no I got on the 'black first bro ha ha
Harrison yes royalties is clean Oh God
would you guys get me to a bottle of
Hennessy sweets and it's Ram three keys
clothing with the number three Jim loved
my shade I live in shit thank you thank
you you're welcome
I love you too keep doing your thing bro
yeah bro and thank you for buy my shirt
thank you about to be done with this
meeting great
it's been like three hours hello what's
up what's up what's up everybody that
waited thank you thank you so much they
say yeah mucho respect oh they have the
ammo down what they have I love you too
bro the wild my nigga no all of you we
all love you man
every time I can put up anyone I load a
bow is what I live with my pretend for
YouTube for shattering things expressing
loving y'all pass it up thank you I just
finished my mean greet I finally I'm
gonna eat
I had the mean green ant of fat mouth
Sugarland where's the fat bow in a
circular area in Houston and and um
let's see you y'all hook me up what is
it what did you get me wrong pork belly
Bao crab daddy Bao pink go fish Bao fat
fries cuz about to go in let me sing it
girl
Hey
was a successful night in Houston thank
you for having me thank you for meeting
greeting with me
thank you these dudes for bringing me
out to Texas so now I'm gonna go back to
Dallas fly back home I'm low-key
hungover what I'm good to go I didn't
even think that much last night right
morning I'm on set for another another
ting today I'm shooting the music video
for you guys remember that insecure
girls rap that I put up like back in Oh
eight for one of the ciphers well today
we're doing a little music video for it
what it's like this maker team so
Britney is making me look cute you got
to leave some pimples or else people
will know that's not me you know and
thank onset shooting this music video
for insecure girls aka the ugly duckling
it's real serious out here you know as
you know this thing is like from Oh 8
I've never sought a music video for it
but it has like 60 million views on the
OG version this is the the the new
version the fancy version cameras and
lights and shit
so this dude came all the way to the
restaurant today from where DC DMV
Maryland and the restaurants closed on
Monday so who aren't even there but by
the universe aligning we ran into each
other while I was having dinner with my
family so I'm Anna you want to shout out
a shout out you NASA and shut up Massa
mid-atlantic Union of Vietnamese scene
associations all that shit all y'all
move up in the blog yeah bro yeah bro yo
good boy penis swing your highness oh
thank you
good there you go there you go Oh a
shout-out to his boy uh whistling south
to Chris women in the UH he's ahe's a
Korean in Korea right now be safe out
there bro y'all Here I am you know
always shootin some type of shit today
we're shooting another episode of the
womp womp so do any of you guys watch
that show no y'all watch this show right
it's okay I don't even like doing this
shit so it's like it so it's it's funny
though if you ever go to maker TV and
watch the womp arm so it's funny but
like man fuck this shit right guys all
right right y'all fucking up right good
morning
so I'm late to the airport I might just
be late for this flight to South by
Southwest in Austin Texas it's all my
dad's fault I can find my wallet and I
was mad traffic running a little late I
might just make this flight though maybe
maybe not we'll see but thanks dad for
taking me to the air
yes I don't know Iceman it's my flight
every time I Drive you to the airport I
have to drive like a freaking taxi in
Bangkok why stupid that's it
the Royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit hole problem phone
seat belt digging in the collarbone but
you are not alone standstill traffic
even in the no-stopping zone the slow
lane will never be your own lane merge
left thing get the fuck up up the gold
man me and here when were in the whole
plane directly up and see us at the
window saying
