what's the matter
okay guys there's two things I need to
show you right now the first thing being
this beautiful mango drink I got from
this little food place at this episode's
mom
the second thing being is yesterday we
went to the shoe store they forgot to
take off my security tag and I'm wearing
it anyways cuz I'm a gift to raping I
guess if that's the case for me
she likes to ask a lot of questions
about shit that you can't like solve
like why is like what's one your
questions babe like why wouldn't they
like why did the temperatures change
like one day to the next so shit like
that she likes to know about she likes
to ask questions like that you know and
I was like answer me that answer me that
genius YouTube commenters so I thought
was like it's closed on the warmer days
we get closer to the Sun I'm like uh so
I thought I remember going to the
California Science Museum in like on
junior high like elementary school field
trips remembering how dope it was and I
thought why not take Chia to the
California Science Museum
you're with somebody for four years and
you don't even know I am magical to
check this out man wait wait oh here we
go
wait wait wait wait wait wait
this is over the Rough Riders I'm in
stop sorry I didn't know you're so dead
open up shot Oh
okay so she is last night before she
goes back home what do you want me to
say yeah
Sunday Funday boss of course turn it up
yes turn it up turn it up right now
turn it up good enough they're not woman
Edna mode turn up okay so have to borrow
my god yes I do make my job what do you
think paid for that goody Hat and those
glasses huh so a job gee off this
morning at the airport as peruse got to
get back to work so we go on the shoot
one more little thing with Beachbody
have you told me what are you did this
shit you know oh yeah okay whenever my
last 30 pounds can I can I put this yeah
I'll tell him at my rig did the
Beachbody thing with me and he lost 30
fucking pounds so um you should see him
in person man he looks like fucking
skinny carl winslow man I lost 30 pounds
Rick lost 30 pounds and I think he has
some video coming soon showing you all
the details of it not nothing
probably not probably not all right
whatever
Sunday chillin I'm over here honey
cocaine with a bang
yeah that's it you got some mistake
coming now yeah yeah get that yeah all
right yeah y'all fuck not watching
enemies lor you said yeah it's coming up
and I get crap go get wrap yeah okay
you're ugly
hey wake up from eight to the beat KK
they know me no chill I'm too real
Timothy their one and only red cup in my
left hand I just landed in Bangkok bad
bitch with a nice team no bra that rings
up come made out shades out rate
business too
turn
Oh
whatever
okay good morning so after a lovely
night of turnips for my birthday I mean
not I was doing my birthday but birthday
celebrations today I'm gonna fly to Fort
Worth Texas for some more just you know
turnips and you know why mom in pain but
I'm actually I'm time probably not gonna
even drink because I'm like I'm kind of
tired of partying at this point but
Texas Texas yeah cowboy Saul I haven't
known
so he's do pick me up from the airport
what up man
a motherfucking Lamborghini and shit
only for me I'm such a rapper now
driving around in a rented Lambo so I
just got off the plane man I haven't
even like I had to poo the whole flight
I just got off the plane and they got me
out here doing radio interviews what's
up man who you are what up man Crisco
kit y'all know what it is man le 2df duh
it's going down these other ghetto was
here sir yeah one of your funniest
videos and Louie don't get mad but it's
really fun he's alright a half a million
views on his name right here uh what
what what jhene aiko wit would what
tastes like right what would hurt her
bottom might possibly taste like right
right so Nicki Minaj just one of the
best in the game with it right um let's
understand cuz that could be two to two
whatever right what could remind you of
how about that what okay what her her
booty could remind you of yes right
um you know what I was you know now that
you asked me that I was just thinking
this and you know it might be fate it
might be real but here's the thing about
it though is like I don't mind if food
is is kind of fake is it process yeah
there you go
saturated fats and stuff like that I
don't mind some of the fats are
saturated but no I don't even with that
me like I don't want some gluten in my
diet
yeah um maybe like I feel like if jhene
aiko was like fresh fruit and like I
like I like the blueberry pancakes I'm
very pancakes you know something's real
you know fresh you know maybe Nikki's
more like you know some chicken nuggets
like cuz it's still there's some real
chicken in there not processed parts
well you never know like it's not real
real yeah it still satisfy your craving
there you go there you don't I so Nick
knows I don't even know if you're ever
going is to understand we feel they
would remind us of a McRib dish I'm
agreeing with Charlie I'll be back
everybody first you got a new TV show
that is called yeah joking or not on MTV
- I'm not I'm not on I'm not like a
regular cast member but I am on like a
couple episodes they brought me on just
to have some fun yeah it's like um
you know they bring on pictures that
they get off line of different people
from instagrams or whatever and we just
kind of go in and make fun of um a
provides a bunch of jokes and that's
what it is yeah okay so the nets on mtv2
that is starting that's our table first
X first
April Fool's like perfect man tonight
you're gonna be at v-- lounge B lounge
turn up turn up
hey from where oh my god and how far I
would help out with the drive
thank you oh my god Mushu the Royal
penis is clean your highness thank you
King shit that's super the shipper Oh
like Superman with the S here strapper
just super spy the shul or super shoot
no sue the stick
