what
what
I need to fix my posture - okay so what
you guys think about this uh headband
life what do you think about my headband
babe
Sheila Kuehl you look cool yet keeping
suffered fresh mm-hmm cuz I've been I've
been debating the whole man bun but like
everybody has a man run but I would look
so cool with a man bun what you think
yeah you seen you read the helpers
thanking me for me to take a walk up on
the beach to find a place to kick up
either split acacia our diplomatic visas
maybe stay a couple weeks ago my hair
like a chia pet and I'm good it's
against look you leave it to you I'm the
one who severed your chest and
everything they like to look at you as
very sad because even though I'm short
I'm definitely afraid so if the flowers
over put it in your hair good later when
I wanna rub your derriere definitely
with some truth thank you for giving
that teeny bikini the one that's barely
there see and this is what I call living
you will meet together even though they
are tripping I know we just let take a
second to think
and before you say yes let me buy you
now right let's go let's go it feels
like something
it's so good to be in hot as Jamaica
compared to cold as East Coast I'm
getting a tank top 10 but it's okay now
time yeah but no cuddling because she
gets super sweaty and it grosses me out
you girls yeah do some check it out
y'all even the water out here is
Jamaican get you some water what a gwaan
rude boy its mineral water with added
minerals it says right there babe added
minerals Chile because you can't find a
way out do the do the our doors are open
no Ethan just gonna get in he's gonna
move towards the door come on buddy
I'm just going to drive him towards the
door okay okay I'm gonna grab him oh no
no no nice quick let me stop hey hurry
up come around three okay okay
if I was by myself I would have had the
call nine-one-one he's still gonna come
through underneath the door no no I'm
gonna take him that way
should we should we forget the lid huh
should we get the lid good delivery
where those crawling our faeces
so guys cheer doesn't like little
creatures that it's not little he's some
ginormous okay
why wouldn't she okay what if he comes
out on the little split second I think
so okay well let's see visa knee okay so
so take the bucket and throw it throw
him out the window
yes what are they I know the white
lady's bra better her than me but okay
we'll just even here okay and then we'll
let them out when we go down just
totally am feel like right this is this
is going well okay now we're gonna let
this guy go get him in yep by unit Oh be
free there you go c3 yeah it's free by
little Thank You Pooh oh no it's a
little bit sad I leave that there yeah I
did it Zack and uh okay so are you glad
to be rid of our little friends well for
now I'm sure there will be more
mountains rivers beaches food ravages
music shopping and so much more so much
so today we're taking you down to
beautiful
Grill and we're going on down to the
very western tip of the island from here
to the grill take us aboard
so we're on this bus heading towards a
new grill just want to be top seven
Table seven Table seven beat you know
why every time you talking it tired that
was soon being relaxed avoids one of the
top seven beaches in the world so we're
here in the grill getting some food so
hungry no lobster for me though okay so
I ordered a lobster right it's gonna
happen is I'm gonna go with this lobster
man over here and we're gonna go pick my
lobster from the plug-in ocean and then
he's gonna cook it up for me you girls
okay here we go
i'ma eat you tell ya I'm on thank you
both hell yeah Rosa's crazy Hey
Baby you want to get down you want to
get down on my lobster biddings huh
no lobster for you yeah whitey scares me
yes you mean Oh burger American food
whatever you had half of it what else
here we go
blame okay so it's my last day in
Jamaica
she is gonna chill for a few more days
with her family um thank you you in the
back all right but it's gonna mess up
like but then our face is gonna be on
dark scene
cool so thank you Chia baby and fear to
your family for inviting me to come with
um happy birthday to your dad birthday
and see you next week for my birthday
see you in one week okay come to see me
would you get me for my birthday huh
nothing what just my love oh that's all
I need I guess the Royal penis is clean
your highness Thank You King it's
obviously I'm home now
um and I had a story from Jamaica that I
told on snapchat and so since it was on
snapchat me tell it to you like this
like we're on snapchat okay um well okay
real quick the other day when I was in
Jamaica which year we were going
kayaking right but when you go kayaking
you need uh you know life jackets a
little life vests right so I had one I
put it on but we needed one more so I
was holding on to the kayak
Wow Chia went to go ask the lifeguard
for another one and mind you we had been
in Jamaica for a few days
I already know that you know like
Jamaican employees were checking her out
of course you know I'm saying I mean and
that just goes without saying you know
saying like I have a hot girlfriend
of course dudes are gonna check her out
that just comes with the territory of
having a hot chick you know and if I was
working at a hotel
um where Moe were were mainly old white
people went to go vacation of course I
would be hyped if a sexy um chick like
chia was walking around in the bikini
but a little cakes hanging out you know
saying of course so she goes over there
to get her life jacket and I see and I'm
like I'm like huh you know it's kind of
taking a while what is do
to put on this life jacket for Chia and
I already knew he was saying some
to her so I'm oh I'm sold on to the
kayak making sure that
don't float off right so she walks back
she's like babe guess what I'm like I
already know so I'm like what they say
so she says 1 1 1 1 1 secure 1 lifeguard
ISM putting the vest on her and he's
talking to his life got home and he's
like oh remember her and she's like what
what do you mean remember me from what
he's like oh no nothing I was just
telling him earlier about how beautiful
you are and she's like oh ha ha
thanks whatever whatever he's like are
you married she's like no but my
boyfriend's right over there and he goes
oh how come he hasn't proposed yet and
she's like I don't know you ask him
right so he goes if it were me I would
have given you two rings by now one for
the left hand one for the right hand so
so she just is kind of like laughs it
off and then we went kayaking you don't
say but I'm just like man do to grind me
out here in these streets man and it's
not only Jamaican dudes like dudes will
holler at your chick 20 feet away from
you um when they get the chance man
that's just how it is but hey that was
my story and if you guys enjoy these
type of stories I started telling
stories like this every night on
snapchat
um um they're my bedtime stories with
Tim I usually tell them around like
10:30 or so add me on snapchat um
Timothy dlg all right good night peace
