first week of shooting we got some
really really funny episodes done
yesterday like super dope guests really
funny jokes like the new cast members
are dope and yeah man it's gonna be a
good season now we got the day off and
I'm just I'm always to this little MTV
to shoot bang won't even know they're
gonna have me doing
I love everybody let me get in so I
finally got the day off from wildin out
so tonight I can actually go out and
coincidentally don't found it an
Aquafina have a show in New York City
my boys only stop by to say what's up
what up so it's about to be a super
Asian rapper night and why tonight but
hey you know what I've been working you
know yeah yeah right the summit I've
been working all week we ready to relax
just turn up
now get back to my hotel it's a
beautiful night is snowing and why it's
just cold yeah man it's nice I'm ready
to go to sleep take a break because
tomorrow I don't work and we just
wrapped the whole season season is done
how you feelin as well get in here dope
we wrapped the whole suit how you
feeling bro
okay six man of the year but you know
we'll be bright so nasty Vivian is nasty
you nasty too
he's never done nobody shit he never
been on oh fuck shit real nigga shit
burn just um told me no no I'm talking
about I'm out yo delegate I'll let you
boy I like to go you Jim it turn trimmer
okay New York it's been super fun it's
been super cold I've been out here for
three weeks while I now be shot an
amazing season everybody was like
hilarious and crazy it's gonna be a dope
season it's time for me to get my ass
home get out this cold be in my bed
whoa going going back back to okay
most of my song feels so good to be back
in beautiful sunny LA man you know I
Love New York but nothing is like LA
it's like 70 degrees all the time it's
perfect right now I got to rest last
night and now you know how I do man now
I'm heading to a shoe but to shoot a
little man on the street segment for
revolt TV we had the Chinese Theater I'm
about to shoot something but I ran into
something I have a self where you guys
from
okay so I'm not here shooting this shit
for revolt TV works good I'm bout to
handsome her keen to yet I went away
with a with a party yeah I'm about to go
so for everybody that says I don't have
white fans yes why people love me too
and I love you guys so much your name
bro Santino from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania
thank you sup man we from Calgary yeah
what's up bro we from Zach yeah yeah
we've got some more people over here
what's up doc wait wait you're not on it
you got oh yeah West Palm Beach Florida
hell yeah okay now your honor all right
so for a couple nights but I'm about to
hop on a plane to go to Jamaica Jamaica
Jamaica wha gwaan rude girl rude boy
hurry
what's a gwaan blood clots you want some
coconut man
the students families out there they're
gonna meet up walk there she has fans
he's going on a little baking and biting
out there to meet up with them so that's
who I'm going
yeah in the rain yeah just started
raining in LA
yeah something at the perfect time
Jamaican Jerk best god silly hose
airplanes and terminals I live
it's all I really know Frank so I'm out
here I met up with a home girl that I've
never actually wait wait no we've met we
haven't like kick dick hello I mean we
just chilling I got back with dinner and
now I'm out with my homegirl she's
showing me this a Fort Lauderdale life
right now it's a Sunday night but we
turn it up it's still turning up on a
Sunday
turn up bro I don't know I don't know
where she's taking me abandoned alley
oh you vine where can we find you JT
badass follow me at GD badass on twitter
@ JD badass on scrum and agile bass on
vine if it's not at JD badass it's a
catfish all that shit
she wants you to know that her boobs are
real
okay so finally my hotel room in Jamaica
Chios family is gonna land here in a
couple hours check out this room no now
at first glance we got what appears to
be a regular ass room right I got my
shit everywhere you know we got a cool
bathroom but then check this out though
now I'm just gonna chill and wait for my
queen to arrive Jamaica Jamaica
all the people they cannot believe
Jamaica we had a bobsled team
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
her little booty is so appetizing
it just can't taste of one thing it's
like having all the flavors of the world
eating - her booty is probably an
amazing experience
