now here it's the first day of practice
your phone so crack it on you don't know
easy in devotion to here without me
luckily runs not that chat man you too
oh yeah we are new people
okay we got old man right Oh Matt right
we got new white boy just like do you
have a new black girl we have a new
black girl we replace the other black
girl with a new leg here let me take a
mom yes shoe your shoe hey yeah easy
what Adam assassinated the main Asian
does not stand for know a short guy yeah
exactly
shorty oh fuck you may well now you
won't cousin oh I can do a lot cousin
walk you mean bitch ho slick
motherfucker I know what so I've been
told
let me ask you now to let me therefore
he said everything I was just about to
say fuck you mean real okay so I'm in my
hotel room right and I stumbled across
like some softcore porn and it's like
but I mean softcore board is already
kind of funny as it is this is about
like aliens trying to figure out how oh
she's really going down oh no not really
softcore porn is usually you know you
know it's like it's it's it's like all
the porn of porn but without actual
penetration and this one's about like
alien naked alien women trying to figure
out how the Earthlings mate but the
world the funniest part about it is the
soundtrack alright hold on let me let me
see if you're gonna hear this song turn
this shit up
bouncing boobies Oh huh softy this
girl's an alien and and that's an
Earthling girl and she's gonna take a
shower and she doesn't know what a
shower is so they're gonna so is this so
she's gonna teach her how to use the
shower see just listen to the music
though oh we got a man stepping in come
on in silly
oh my gosh alien tricks good morning
y'all today is the first day that we
shoot the first couple episodes a while
and out I'm excited I'm refreshed I'm
ready it's a beautiful day in New York
as you can see the snow finally cleared
up it's looking real sunny and nice
outside
oh yeah New York is looking nice
we go
what's up without ya we go good okay so
we in the middle of shooting the first
episode how you guys feeling
sweet so I'm in New York right for Wilin
out and shit and guess who else is in
New York with me guys oh my god oh my
guess it's her no makeup face guys she
doesn't have her face uh-huh
I actually still have mega Mawile anout
so gone children right so uh Tori and I
it's on now yeah yeah Tori not if you
don't know Tori Kelly she was on my song
she was on my song magnetic and when we
did that song I was like yo Tori I need
to get you on a track before you like
blow up and you're too famous to collab
with me right and then and then we did
the song and then she blew up and she
like she literally exploded yeah this is
only her upper torso and her legs are
over there yeah but we're just grabbing
some tea literally on only tea no food
and I was just all over so old the
original invite the original invite what
she was like hey there's just like
rooftop a little spa you want to like
like you know grab a drink and catch up
I'm like yeah maybe sure and then we're
like let's just go to a diner and get CT
yeah yeah
the go download her new song what's it
called
nobody love nobody love yo it's so good
okay it's already recording record f1
this wait up
Yeah right so you know we just wrapped
like for episode two days yesterday
working on man and I got this little
bottle champagne as a gift you know
something what's it open celebratin work
isn't working yeah let's go how you feel
about your first season hello man first
couples let me know you are big baby
aka damn bring it where can you find you
hey damn brand underscore IG big baby
dismantle areas you're gonna love him
this evening we've been killing for
episodes two days let's go put your cup
out bro put your cover oh I'm in the
hotel gym trying a sexy for voila now as
always been doing my DVDs 21 day fix you
know I'm saying and look who I ran into
at the gym its rolls out I'll co-star
What's Up Girl yo roses so buff bro Suga
bother she could probably beat me up
yeah but I bite though so yeah another
worry I won't hurt you
yo oh thank you guys she actually pay me
to be sick hahaha and to keep the dots
off me right that's right I wrote me
like oh you to me oh boy yeah me Moses
my security and man Rose I need you to
train me bro roses like rose of the body
bro don't you and she's on the cast this
year she's not just 100 she's on the
cast doing funny things so I need to get
my my buds kind of droopy I need to get
my but light Rosa cuz like Rosa you got
all the booty tips yeah you got
regulations you're real sexy right now
oh I'll tell you that today right yeah
but she was like actually say sexy hey
Rosa
thank you she didn't say that that's a
lot hey did you yeah well when you were
switching your clothes when you were
like checking yourself in the mirror oh
yeah when I was greasing up my nipples
and stuff yeah
the batkid no they look that no you got
to take it like this it's so skinny
oh my god you look good to me
what back
okay okay here we go
oh that's a wrap on another day of
shooting man it's actually a lot of
parties going on in New York tonight
it's like all-star weekend it's Fashion
Week is mad parties a lot of clubs
popping off but you know we got a full
day's shooting tomorrow and we finally
get a late start so I kind of want to
get some rest make sure I'm mentally
right um make sure you know I'm like I'm
gonna be good to like be funny and shit
you know like we shoot multiple episodes
a day so shit gets mentally draining you
know saying not only does my back and
feed her but my brain hurts you know so
uh I'm gonna get some sleep cuz
tomorrow's Valentine's Day eg is it get
it and I'm a jagoff the Royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
I'm thinking more like Asian pear or
mochi ice cream you know I'm saying
before it gets too melty and starts
dripping everywhere and then like when
you do a tour right she goes like in the
little Japanese pornos where they kind
of seem like they don't want it but they
really do on it man but you gotta
remember it can't taste all Japanese she
got the black in her truth okay okay so
what you saying is uh watermelon booty
no
