oh I'm finally in New York City and it
feels good to be back yeah it's mad cold
outside but it's okay I'm just happy to
be back the hotel's dope probably gonna
celebrate by busting open one of these
$6 bottles of Voss water cuz it's all we
got in the hotel and I'm thirsty and oh
my boss give you guys the tour the hotel
has all the essentials a big naked
see-through shower a big comfy bed
flat-screen TV and um you know that's
all you need man a cool little view of
New York City lights there so they're
having a Denzel all right if I win I'm
talking to you I don't know how to look
at this bar and I'm watching
yo check this out a shit out that make
it hit me yo this is some Chico step
shit right here
we got Chico on the screen and oh my god
I'm watching it with you go to shit I
got it with the flash on for Carlo it
was celebrating watching the last
episode of the season by watching at
this bar in the light I'm dogskin New
York I gotta get fresh I do rich the
barber came to come he up you know I'm
saying ami look how fresh out here you
know I'm lookin kind of greasy kind of
grimy kind of shaggy but still good
though
fuck yeah fuck yeah fuck yeah I'm out
here I'm shooting the Wilin now openings
um you know they got me in this wizard
costume because I got the magic stick
right yes she knows what's up
I mean conference cold out here we're
not used to this look it's crazy it's
crazy by now anymore well I only got
like I need like three more layers right
now because I'm freezing
oh it's the day before dumfounded
battles I'm giving them some my paws and
tips I'm hooking them up with some lines
that I rolled for can see D by myself
but I'm yeah by the time this is out
it'll be out taking notes bro I'm a
little swollen because I was like really
just you know we're sparring hitting
them with them more hitters bro to the
face so look that would be in the
background every hitter like I'm gonna
be honest I know both of them others I'm
gonna be on stage like oh oh my god oh
okay so today's the first day of the
king of the dot blackout 5 event should
be crazy a lot of battles going down
about to head up there with dumb Enzo
and should be fun it's freaking cold
outside bro it's all snowy I
it's like a video game
now you fish I rode wide lens me we're
kind of dancing Thanks sexy that's what
you dance with my girlfriend yeah used
to be the way you do max your girlfriend
I know what you guys aren't taking care
of their women yeah why not guys so I'm
in my hotel room and I'm watching a
curling match yo Canadians you can't
possibly be interested in yeah you guys
don't watch this shit you know you don't
watch this shit why is this on so much
what is this shit what is it guys like
this there's ten people watching they
just took a curling time out to
strategize right now guys this what this
is what I'm watching I'm watching
grown-ass men strategize about how to
scrub ice like that give it a go all
right so I can't do my 21 day fix DVDs
because this gym doesn't have weights
but I'm getting on the stupid treadmill
you know I hate treadmill in guys Oh
over there trying to get you know as you
can see there's no battle rappers in
here they don't need to be sexy you know
I'm saying they're all fat shit even
dum-dums fat under that look what's on
my screen curling again what's up with
y'all Canadians man what's up bro no
there we go
I'm trying to tap I'm trying to Tavros
first you can flat you can flash like
that bro oh there you go dawg
then we just did blackout five-wicket my
name is poison poison 20k what the CP
versus dumbfounded chilling actually
question Jim Hoppa I know you're torn
raining yeah
was it conceited or was it done found a
man you know what man it was like I was
all spilling themselves in my boat it
was like Asian jokes how's getting
insulted by Asian jokes am i right
getting insulted by short jokes to my
left you know I'm saying so so fuck both
of them may not ready for my bars you
know I'm saying I'm killing all of them
next season right then I'm gonna short
asian motherfucker I thought it was a
bigger table Oh farts yeah there oh that
was the classic though
I think don't my acting dummy NZ o
dumped me as a little bit oh I'm a
Brooklyn bigger chunk go back to the
braclet car okay right I got a suit with
him for a couple weeks so now I'm going
back to the Bratva car but no hey Oh
woody mentioned um I saw he's in the
crowd doing today never see I saw I saw
the hands doing this shit yeah that's
the I don't know I don't know with the
city raise they were a bein brothers
she just finished the Royal penis with
clean your highness Thank You King shit
we're not pictured myself licking janae
ICO's booty hole I'm just reminded of
like springtime croissants so like a
bakery on its first day opening you know
I know why because she got tiny cakes
see
