so back in the studio today but I'm not
rapping I'm here to coach be moral
support because because Danny is gonna
shy her hand and spit a little bursts it
be annoying so I'm here gently you know
just helping her out
are you are you my boy joke was ha this
is how I pay him in studio time you know
I'm saying it was one of those dudes
that was there it was like a man you
know I'm saying I'm trying to like pay
for my basketball jerseys in high school
this motherfucker look 30 years old but
I look like yeah whatever how much you
owe me $10
I gave me I gave them seven cuz it's all
I had in cash thank you I'm a nice I'm a
nice person so y'all good morning good
morning it's a beautiful day we're
making strides towards the future Monica
please don't make I'm saying something
important shut up
it's a beautiful day because today I
signed to an
see for the first time up until this
point I haven't had an agent I haven't
had a manager but I'm about to sign to
CAA which is like Monica which is a big
talent agency so you know I'm saying
this should be a good move towards
future endeavors
so I got you know I got a like a I got a
shirt with buttons on today and it's
alec hasta la shirt and it's it's small
cuz ah you know I can wear this shirt
now cuz Lots little bit away but my
nipples always be on protrude and so I
put a little tape on there Rick put it
on for me so I just wrapped this skit
it's a weird skin I kind of wrote they
came from a weird conversation we had I
got Jenny here Thank You Jenny so much I
called on her to say some inappropriate
things but it's it's it's got Alerus my
boy men shriek up here opened up his
restaurant so me so i can come soo what
can we find this place bro
downtown LA 501 west olympic valorum
actually yeah 501 west Olympic Boulevard
yeah Los Angeles California corner of
Olympic and Grand got to come by try our
Japanese fondue maybe mom it'll be do
some shabu shabu up here it's delicious
it's so just left dope-ass meeting a lot
of dope ass meetings this year I'm
feeling good I'm not gonna lie it feels
like this is gonna be a potentially very
very good year for me bad don't want to
jinx it you know I'm just as I want to
say is I've been meeting with some
people who know good people who can put
me in front of people and and it feels
good it feel it definitely feels
promising and I'm and I'm feeling I'm
feeling good all i'ma say is the feeling
of walking into a room with a bunch of
people older people who you know are
like established older white people who
are
looking at you like yo we fuck with you
that is a good feeling roll that's
definitely a good feeling
Rick shoutout saw two white people all
the white people in bed
Mia Rick that is you know saying now we
shooting a little scared we not fucking
this time soon the skipper ood ood Oh
what's up girl
thank you so what do we what what are we
shooting I was shooting my sketch is
called one-night stand okay
you nasty yeah we run in a train our rig
was a double team your rig stopped by
the restaurant because I have a couple
supporters here but okay we got high and
there you guys are like paramedics
paralegals oh sweet shout-out to Cody
log and shout out of it the world to
shout out to the world and sweet things
thank you thank you and if I do you got
me right for sure thank you thank you
yeah
but Oh oh my god
oh I'd stop by see my boy what's up man
what's your name when it was all go from
image the a image because I had to get
my first grill you dumb saying I never
had one of these before so I gotta get
it matching the chains and watch I
appreciate you bro where can they find
you Instagram the image for show that is
oh my boy super egos birthday a couple
days ago he's never seen wicked so I'm
taking him to see wicked over here at
the Pantages Theatre and you know y'all
might think is weird a to manly men like
us are watching a musical together but
we did musicals together in high school
if you ain't no okay so so it's okay
even if we did it even if we did it it'd
be okay like watching some beautiful
music yeah with our fingers up each
other's bums the more I got this was
more than a Super Bowl party all right
javante she got she got a grill - so you
know family grilling today yeah the
party's crazy I'm not gonna eat I'm
drunk though no she's drunk
I can't drink I don't jump at you
because I'm not drinking sucks free bag
this is delicious
Hey
I just met her she's a future Wilin out
there and alright y'all about to go to
New York about to hop on this plane to
go to New York for like three weeks
shoot Wilin out I heard it's super snowy
out there which is lame because it's
like 80 degrees out here in LA hi you
guys Hey
three weeks crazy things just happened
guess what happened first of all st.
flight is me Joan Lee what's up man he's
flying back to New York City New York
for like like what like three years now
doing this thing out in New York and we
were supposed to fly out we're sitting
in our seats ready to go ready to go and
then they came on a little PA system and
said our flights delayed until seven
o'clock o'clock and it's like about to
be three but it's about yeah bro and
there's my day
oh the next day we're gonna try one more
time
switch Airport had to go to LAX at this
time cuz all the flights out of Long
Beach were full and I am and hopefully
I'll be able to get to New York tonight
John Wayne Airport they're not going to
get let's do it the rival penises clean
your highness Thank You King shit like
yo I'm gonna choke this girl I don't
know if she's gonna like it or if she's
gonna look at me crazy or you know we're
like shit us it's leopard its lucky she
got my mom pull her hair or slap her ass
like you know it's just better what you
get to know each other
