good morning you sexy sexy little freaks
it is a beautiful day but it is also a
monumental day in my life and in the
vlogs because for the first time in 2
years I've decided it's time to take the
Christmas tree down yeah it's finally
the day as some of these longtime vlog
viewers might know I like keeping my
tree up because it makes me happy
puts me in a good mood and I don't know
what to do with this giant empty space
in my condo I'm very wishy-washy I never
really can commit to an actual
decoration you know I'm saying aside
from this artwork right here which a lot
of you guys asked Tim where do you get
those lips on your wall there is a
furniture spot in Culver City
I forget the name and I'm not even gonna
tell you the name even if I remember it
because I don't want you motherfuckers
to have the same things I do but it's in
Culver City you know you walk around and
they have different art on display and
you can choose there's like a whole
bunch of lips actually and you can
choose which ones you want and what size
you want and these are the ones I chose
from my place but to replace the tree I
bought some art a long time ago it's
these abstract but not really abstract
colorful naked ladies
I bought these online from this artist I
forget her name right now I'll say it
when I remember but I got to get some
frames for the other two and those are
what's gonna go on my giant wall so yeah
should be good take it down take it down
take it down
oh uh another day of grinding and
hustling and twerking as usual today I
came into a DD offices to to read a
little script that they potentially have
me of my four but what's cool is
everyone's gone because it's Martin
Luther King jr. Day and I'm reading the
script and Russell Simmons off this
Hitler
oh it's pretty cool son I'm a student
Russell's chair oh my god I'm singing
Russell Simmons chair guys okay okay you
have a bathroom oh my god I'm gonna take
a shit in Russell's if it's bad all
right before I leave I want to just rub
my balls on his keyboard just leave mark
you know I'm saying and then now we can
go Rick don't hump the Buddha so I I've
been sick in bed all day I don't feel
good my head is pounding my crotch is
itchy my skin is all like you know when
you get sick and your skin gets all
sensitive why does that happen but I
gotta go speak at UCLA tonight it's my
first time speaking there so you know I
don't want a flake ah so time to wash
these balls ladies did you know I wanna
do get sick and his body temperature
rises his balls get saggy cuz they need
to maintain their own temperature so my
balls are like down to my ankles right
now brah
now I'm doing a meet-and-greet thing
type thing
thank you guys for coming out yes and
what will we wear hype I'll have you
earth they love you hi Kyle now watching
myself all wiling out turn up turn up
turn up
okay see that good light I saw here at
the restaurant with this dude what's up
bro what's up man what's your name man
Zechariah and and you're from I came all
the way from Wisconsin
oh happy birthday lady hallelujah I'm 22
ladies if you feeling this man
follow him mom what's your Instagram
Zack convinced the ACH canvas see I'm
gonna let you shout it out cuz I feel
like out of all the dudes that shout out
their Instagram on my blog you are
probably one only do is that girls might
actually want to follow really so yeah
broke oh yeah well I appreciate you
coming through minion birthday news like
you yeah I didn't even know this family
right here was waiting for a long-ass
time but like what's up I'll say what's
up so what's your name
Xavier Steven sorrow who who are you
Brian Brian Young Brian and then you
guys have been here before what's up my
wrath
hey man come to Thai smile restaurant
I'm up here all day everyday that's a
lie
but if I'm around I'll stop by because I
so love to people that so love but uh
you got da good food GI also at the
restaurant I've known these kids since
they were babies yo I babysat her one
time I remember I did you remember to
remember that I remember he was I
remember he was a baby what you guys
names Kayla Kayla Kayla Kyler yeah and
high-hat desert parent
and I look eight years old man okay so
we are at the halfway point of this
workout YouTube thing I've been doing
I've found some creepy white girls and
some bearded white guys and yeah we out
here again sexy is the bearded white guy
creepy white girl workout routine
aka aka 21 day fix today we lost 12
pounds so far you boys looking sexy I'm
getting my penis lines back getting a
little six-pack my nipples are less
droopy and puffy I can wear spinners
shirts now it's a good look today we
start 21-day fix extreme so uh yeah man
trying a sexy still but guys looking
good bro oh nice nice oh no she likes
that oh all right okay so I'm out here
it's Monday Sunday Funday except for you
know I'm not I can't eat the regular
stuff I'm like on that meal prep healthy
stuff grilled chicken kale yeah I look I
look good at mom all about I'm doing a
man work man now to seek this out what
who's the man in over the house me
oh yeah yo and watching bitches like a
man
happy wife happy life so a lot of y'all
have been curious as to what exactly
this 21 day fix thing is okay
Beachbody hit me up and a few youtubers
and we're wondering if you know we'd be
down to participate in this program so
we do the 21 day fix DVDs it's it's a
it's a it's it's DVDs you know I'm
saying but this comes with a meal plan
they give us these little containers you
know I'm saying and it's like in these
containers they tell you how much like
like like meats you put in one it's like
one for like vegetables and then one for
like needs and you follow the meal plan
that's been the hardest part for me of
the the whole getting sexy process you
know I'm saying y'all know I love food
if you follow me on instagram you know
my food porn is always on point if you
follow me on Instagram lately you will
see that there has been no food porn
because I've been doing this shit you
know working out every day doing the
DVDs trying to eat healthy and you know
like I've lost 12 pounds so far it's
great I'm trying to look sexy for this
next season Wilin out you heard me say
that already we go back in February to
shoot a new season so you know I'm glad
that like my face is gonna be looking
less fat you know I'm getting that
jawline back which is which is good you
know I feel I feel I feel good so we
just finished 21 day fix and now we're
gonna start 21 day fix extreme
plyometrics and shit my booty hurts like
not my booty hole but my booty cheeks
are sore today so yeah man we've got
another three weeks
and so if you want more information on
it you can go to 21 day fix comm slash
Tim for more info don't forget to watch
Wilin out on Wednesday at 11:00 and then
catch me on guy code at 11:30 of course
we're talking about booties this time
and Lord knows I love the booty the
Royal penis is clean your highness Thank
You King shit
