it's 1:00 a.m. we're about to hop on
this flight to Miami and then to st.
Lucia is the Saint Lucia or st. Lucia
what do you think we want to find out
Caribbean that's an insider but it's
really funny good morning
st. Lucia oh it's a beautiful day in the
neighborhood
won't you be my neighbor she's birthday
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear my Eritrea and
Salvadorian Carmel Queen
happy birthday Julie thank you Oh
even though I'm out here in paradise in
st. Lucia I still got to keep up with
this 20 day fix program that I'm doing
with Beachbody so luckily of course it's
a resort they got a dope-ass gym I
brought my laptop got my 21 fix DVDs and
I'm getting it in I'm trying to get sexy
up here man we shoot Wilin out in
February I watch the last season Wilin
out and I'm like yo I know I'm not fat
but why am I looking fat as fuck on TV
right now that whole thing about the
camera adding ten pounds it's totally
true so I'm trying to get my sexy on
lose maybe like I don't know 10 15
pounds so I can look real slender and
sexy for next season you know I'm saying
we had a nice relaxing couples massage
and oh it's getting a little rainy out
it started raining really hard and they
just playing soccer like it's nothing
right now
here super cute that you wanna join us
versus them
damn damn it yeah you got it so we just
out here tanning right and one of the
employees came up to me he was trying to
find people play volleyball and he was
like sigh beats volleyball and I was
like aha
no I'm good ACON and then we laughed so
I've been trying to have a deep
conversation with Chi and really connect
on this trip and all she's doing it's
been on her phone she's been on her
laptop editing videos and I'm trying to
like disconnect from the world you know
it's our last night in st. Lucia Hungary
we go out to go have some dinner but to
have some tapas the waitress said it was
chocolate night so I said my jokes make
you sleepy babe wait you said it was
chocolate night so I was like oh does
that mean only black people are allowed
and she laughed and laughed
she's hot no she's like oh that's my
Caribbean boy saying no no these
chocolate knives no that is Africa I'm
getting my black people confused kissing
you read the hummus thank you we comedic
take a walk up on the beach to find a
place to kick a finger where the
quesadilla while we sit
- why my fears break my vows no no no no
no no unless you want to and then we
break our vows together and got an idea
huh
and Karnataka Encarnacion little de in
car man they are ready for you now
after a full day of traveling I'm
finally back home and guess what it's a
beautiful night to be back home watching
TV because tonight is the night not only
am i on while a now at 11 o'clock but I
make my debut on guy code at 11:30 turn
up MTV - I'm taking over
MTV now stands for more Tim views now
MTV stands for make Tim famous among
this song guys I'm on this song and also
if the new you haven't seen the music
video go watch the music video guy code
mother fucker so now it's time to say
goodbye
that's really know as bu does thank you
bye
as you know same good
you
hey who got the nicest cakes up in APJ
gonna beat him East Coast Latino mommy's
talking and became gonna be that la face
with a butt from the bed
