Oh scary
so you're saying I shouldn't go walk on
that okay I dare you to go up on the
thin ice use Canadian streets guys look
how Purdy in it's a white white
Christmas out here oh you got scorpion
yeah that's tight come on motherfucker
door here oh I almost grabbed smush -
babe oh fuck yes that's right
fuck yeah
come on come on oh that was tight
fucking you up oh you're done
you're fucking dead you got this shit
baby kill them
I know you're gonna kill them or kill it
a game Oh me to happen yeah yeah nothing
okay okay guys it's about that time to
say goodbye bye babe I see you in 2015
ah okay so uh I was chilling at the
airport I got a long-ass layover
and hello who are you
are you watch the video thank you for
watching oh nice this year for Christmas
me and my whole family are celebrating
at this dim sum spot as you can see all
my cousin's all my aunties and uncles
and grandma and grandpa
hey cousin cousin oh no that's that
that's the brother mom and this will be
a very special Christmas for me and the
Christmas we be yeah a very special
Christmas for me all right so I'm over
here at a what's the studio
what's the studio a studio alright
alright so I'm over here at lwm G
studios shooting the music video for my
2014 wrap up this is Chaz's studio yah
no Chas man you seen Chad and some blogs
so he's directed the airplanes eternal
we just did that for video with Lux
couple vlogs god I was good log we got a
break here you know Rick Mavericks been
in a couple of vlogs he a co-founder of
goodie brand also the shout outs at home
hair or shot to Lux
and her pair okay so I'm at this
restaurant called outlaws because my
homegirl Alex Reid told me I have to
come here because she like ordered this
burger on Instagram and I like DoubleTap
that shit and left hard eyes and
probably like skeet emojis and all types
of shit so this thing is massive this is
gonna be like my last fatty fat meal of
2014 I got the macaroni and cheese
and how its read how are you life is
good
this is the Mac and this is my signature
dish they're putting it on the menu or
the mac and cheese sandwich yo this shit
is crazy
straight up half of the burger fill out
and I still have a whole burger but that
doesn't even make sense
it's just great mm-hmm fine so in New
Year's Eve we getting ready to hit this
little bottle I'm here we younger yup
I'm here with the Audrey Bend if you are
hey hey hey and you gave in D did you
thank you Oh
Oh
1:30 a.m. I just uploaded my 2014 wrap
up it's like a day and a half late cuz
the director editor was having some
technical difficulties but I finally got
this thing up and tell me why when he
finally sent me the final cut my wife I
was out at my condo at the sex Castle no
Wi-Fi I was like should I wait until
tomorrow and upload it I was like nah I
need to get this shit up so came to my
parents house to get on the Wi-Fi my
pops is asleep
as you can hear so apparently I got that
from my dad cuz she tells me that I
snore like really really really loud so
sorry babe that's your future right
there there you go another year of logs
um happy new year thank you guys for
continuing to watch as always I got my
skeet and tears year wrap-up like not my
wrap wrap up but my my wrap-up of my
year my highlights of the year coming
out soon I just gotta I gotta do it cuz
I haven't done it yet so um I'm gonna
edit this vlog I'm gonna upload it and I
rock onesies just for funsies okay the
rival penis is clean your highness Thank
You King shit and now it's impossible to
say about a week ago where is Bill Cosby
my kitchen
North Korea told Sony stop right there
and rick rosz getting skin shot are
taught of terror and this was the year
that we all stop laughing rest in peace
Robin Williams Oh captain my captain
here
