oh I stopped by the restaurant because I
have an ogee supporter here
do you member blog vlog 3 now I knew
even though she was in vlog 399 when I
was in Florida Jacksonville really yeah
just to go Florida and she's the one
that brought me all like the really like
personal dope gifts like the anchorman
stuff and like every tree and money for
Chia and a whole bunch of crazy stuff
she's in LA stop by the restaurant hi
how's it going
thanks for stopping by thanks for still
watching you still watch my videos yes
thank you
hey any sexy LA boys in town for a
couple days want to take her out hit her
up I'm here with my boy super-ego we're
just shooting a little challenge for his
third channel we put all those
challenges and shit on my amigo channel
a I am am I EEE geo challenge maybe
should I start doing challenges of shit
on my on my vlog channel like maybe read
Australia is full of kangaroos with hats
on Australia is here in these streets
these Beverly Hills streets heading to
another shoot I mean I'm in the Mini
Cooper today because as you saw the Audi
Miley is on a doughnut
speaking of doughnuts got my boy I don't
get the reference so I just wrapped this
video with a bunch of sexy ass people
including Timothy to like including need
come on man storm power everywhere they
know you book they know me they know you
bro oh jeez whoa Jesus is used to sit
and he's og and his vices
Lily this is our second collaboration I
need to get you in something on my side
and I want that again with this
motherfucker right here paper and this
shape we're trying to get me drunk the
whole times you can try to feed me shots
to put Molly's in my water
come on man okay I so I'm on set I'm
with Bachelor yeah again MTV working us
man but we'll be okay what's up yeah
Kingsley what are we doing here brother
you are guests on my show drama King
John they just killed it they were
rapping trying to make us laugh we had
water in our mouth that's in his mouth
and all on his crotch I mean this is a
successful show shit happens jizz
happens yeah all that all ought to have
all happy in another day with Tim I'm
Taylor Swift and my album 1989 just went
platinum so yeah I say drop the beat
okay okay so it's a beautiful day
because I finally get to go back to see
Chea I feel like I haven't seen her in
like two months but it's only been
like three weeks finally going back to
Canada for you know a few days to hang
out with her before the holidays she's
super busy doing nails all these girls
want manicures and pedicures and waxes
and stuff What's Up dad hey hey sunday
snow weekend event I mean I can't deal
with that cold man hey you know what
they say about old people with that just
because there's snow on the roof doesn't
mean there's not a fire going on in the
furnace and philony feels when he's not
sure what he's feeling but he knows that
it's real to take something intangible
and try to explain somebody smells like
some chicken wings
she is parents and just maybe I should
just cover this makeup routine for the
girl they're always asking for you to do
a tutorial so four-cheese makeup channel
guys hey I'll just do the makeup I'll do
the voiceover the narration that they
okay so you're gonna get an egg an egg
makeup apply er UE babes cool you just
do it out I'll narrate that's all you
guys get that's all you girls get sorry
I tried man you got organic coconut oil
you use that to you put that on your
eyelashes makes them long and moist Oh
guys she is eyelashes are real by the
way these are not fake
add on lashes takes a shot of this
Jergens lotion every day that's what
helps her skin
percolate voila
well I wait no what is this shit diva
curl said it free or is it daiva diva
curl said it free fall you divas want to
set your curls free so you know I'm here
getting a little house boyfriend I'm
washing the dishes I'm like organizing
shit so when she gets home I have a nice
hot bathtub running I'm I had the
massage oils ready to relax her whole
body up I'm gonna have a rose in my
mouth and on my hat I'm gonna come out
in a whipped-cream speedo there pops
text me he's like hey Tim are you awake
I have food for you I was like may wake
so he brought me something zero which is
a richer in food she is happy Richmond
and it's like you break this this like
kind of like bread pita part up and you
scoop up like the veggies or the meat or
whatever and you and you eat it and it's
a it's really bomb so thanks G is that
thank you to everyone for holding it
down supporting MTV to Wilin out
supporting me supporting the cast and
helping the Facebook page hit a million
likes I'm taking everybody out for tacos
turn up and you get guacamole you're at
Best Buy I'm buying Shias Christmas
present don't tell her though nobody you
know what's up man what's up how's it
going bro it's gum pretty good okay this
gentleman's helping me and and you watch
the videos yeah
thanks bro hey what's up man how much
rope how's it going dude not bad I'm so
happy to meet you hey
hey God they're following me oh you
found me I hear I finally found him
hey guys will never guess what she had
got me for Christmas I'm gonna give you
three four guesses ready guest nope
wrong Ninja Turtles and it's a special
edition so it came with maskers
the royal pain is the clean your
highness Thank You King shit girls are
as horny as guys are but society and the
media and the world keeps telling them
if they act on this horniness
then they're sluts and hoes to quote on
Jay 3000 off the love below I don't give
a damn if she gives it up on the first
night that just lets me know she knows
what she wants out of life
