I like this I like this
it's on back at the entree headquarters
they hooked me up with a bunch of free
shit they got like a sample sale going
on what's up bro what's good what's good
was good so yeah what up brah so what I
did
so thanks for hooking me up they hooked
me up with a bunch of a bunch of goodies
man got this what's this thing called
what's this thing called oh oh uh no
hockey jersey yeah and straight fire
already know we out here in New York so
we had to stop by Shake Shack yes I got
a little stack shag it's like a mushroom
chibi patty and like a burger Erica
yeah we just caught a smoke okay I got a
little so bomb got chopped cherries
sapaterre like my teacher like gather a
little spice time I'm in LA boys so I
love me some unit now but I'm not gonna
lie
shake shake is hitting the spot right
now Brad and Eric so are on our way to
do this panel at the YouTube space in
New York and I've never been in this one
before we actually shot Wilin out in
this same building know where the
Chelsea Market met some new friends hi
just wrapped up these interviews when
said oh I know the lighting is on point
we do these interviews uh with with
Andres and Tom we're at the YouTube
space what are we doing these interviews
for creator your Academy the creator
Academy at the YouTube space and yeah
that's it we're getting turnt up on this
Ciroc over here at the YouTube space and
you guys can watch this interview when
it's up on YT wait
youtube.com slash whitey creators
creator creator creator of categories
you see a concise whitey creator Academy
link below yeah
the screen
okay so I just finished doing this panel
and now crossing here some are for a
singer support bar singers my favorite
organization so hey yo look who's at the
panel guys Drizzy Drake haha bro ayo
yo homie what's your real name was
really Willie Willie without me nice to
meet you and now you know turning up in
New York Eric Turner like real muhfucka
min turn in bed turn up though and dig
up a mic it's warm it's so cold oh ah oh
I didn't even get on I told you I put my
dick in here for no reason
ok so it's 6 a.m. my flight is at 8 a.m.
flying back to LA early cuz I got some
shit to handle out there some business
to attend to as usual and yeah man I'm
sleepy thank you to Google and the
YouTube space and Y for bringing me out
for the panel it was fun and um mmm
TP I get sexy again you know I'm saying
back my boy Vince what up and you know I
got some shoots today and and I fly to
go see Chia on Wednesday so gotta make
sure I look nice and fresh for my baby
hey this is Canadian - yeah yeah yeah
TDOT a Canada's where it's at man if you
want a good barber if you want a good
girlfriend
Canada's place to go so funny story
right I was on my way to go shoot
something with King badge
and I got a motherfucking flat tire on
the freeway so I'm pulled over right now
somewhere near Englewood changing this
motherfucking flat tire like a gee I
don't need triple-a if that shit I'm a a
amazing asian-american son good this
shit bro look at my tire bro what
happened man dig him son I'm a G's oh
look I'm a G though so you kids y'all
need to learn how to change a tire by
yourself okay oh I am a man son I am a
Maryland man son let me tell you whoa
it's been a while since I've actually
had to use my hands and my muscles and
some tools to fix some shit and I'm
feeling pretty manly not gonna lie no
this is uh for the vlog oh wow this is
important this is important behind the
scenes
yeah we shooting some fish we made it
you made it bro n-word we made it holy
soon these promo taking word that means
your pain you know or go to a man word
and word with a naughty ER we needed
Wilin out guy called promo good morning
once again it's bright and early
I gotta stop saying okay so these early
ass shoots man cuz I can't handle this
shit bro I don't fall asleep too late
and then I got to wake up early and then
I'm late because I'm all discombobulated
and messed up and I got to poo I have to
poo before I leave in the morning man
there's no way I can leave the house
without poet um but you know stuck in
traffic as always
hmm tired stop looking watch ready yet
get set is all that oh it was that yeah
uh
what's up man back on set with Jase no
for his web series which is the same
outfit this is a different day yeah yeah
yeah same shirt different day
you know Oh same shirt oh well what is
it what is what are we shooting for bro
would it uh worldstar headquarters his
web series web series 10 episodes man
look out for him real soon next year
okay I'm in like one and a half of those
so I mean he could be in more he just
you know my fuck is big busy you know
saying yeah I mean this thing here hey
you can't stop it grabbing some lunch
brunch with an old friend of mine my
name is Bruna um say hi Bruna hi um and
Bruna runs a blog it's about problems
with dating what's it called the problem
with dating so if you guys have to check
out her blog you should check it out
we're at www.engvid.com and Instagram
problem with dating lots less got me
doing I don't even know what the fuck
I'm doing I asked me born calm look
there's Justine joy okay bomb
Wow okay and I'll still hold up in the
back what's up perfect
and I'll tell her look it looks like her
booty got bigger it was already too it
was a pretty big yo okay so maybe I like
can't work out as much okay but he just
called me that looks wait let's get in
the light good luck there you go is that
that's not even fat why no no it turned
out there you going what up what up what
up G enacting this don't hit focus nigga
okay what do you did luck this booty you
bigger
Oh kailani lay she's gonna do cameo on
this to show a chance what are we doing
yeah we're directing right now we got
the music video fast food corn I got
this girl phone hello and who are you
Cherie Anna Cherie hey and what's gonna
happen is I'm a walk-in on the pleats a
delivery boy sub man holding a 17-pound
count go let's do this roll camera and
action cam little bomber push a button
so I'm trying to shoot my part and
they're getting like in like in the life
and these to keep distracting me which
is shenanigans
Oh Asian eyes the best eyes yay ha ha ha
I feel knife oh oh I see you've both met
oh hey stop trying to seduce my camera
Paris Paris and we were just talking
about how real titties
way better than faking yeah see man look
at you move they move like how they're
supposed to move
chief attorneys the Royal penis is clean
your highness Thank You King shit
