have to get together with some old high
school homies you've seen them in past
videos before Chris who I was at his
wedding there's a blast so hard
oh I mean ladies Gabby you know so for
everyone who always accuses me of acting
black on YouTube it's there for all
right so I'm in the studio recording my
2014 wrap up that's a wrap up but I'm
rapping it's a wrap up back in the
studio with this dude Juke I mean you
might have seen me the studio would scat
numerous times if you guys didn't know
he's like superstar music producer
produced what was it produced a bunch of
shit bro what's your rap sheet looking
like everything uh what you might be
familiar with is I whip my hair back and
forth before we listen it got weird now
that's a joke I actually F with the
estimate kids here he has a a plaque a
Will Smith plaque actually said oh this
what you do this when you're 17 is of
Will Smith this is a gold plaque whoa
what is this
which one's platinum hopeful with my
hair back and forth
okay willow and yeah man so this shit
right here we recording bout to go
double plastic on YouTube so I just
finished recording look for this to drop
around before
New Year's kinda hopefully nothing
significant or important or really
really funny happens in between now and
New Year's so I don't have to see it
it's motherfucking again just plain I'll
be back tomorrow
somewhat charge it again I'm John it was
a giant fire in LA last night I don't
know if you guys heard about it but this
is like we're driving by the burn site
right now she's crazy wanted to go to
the janae I co concert that was out here
and it was like Generico buses up there
I was trying to give a girl with a
really simple name Bob Bob girl but then
we didn't come to concert we would have
like nothing anybody got hurt personally
I think it was all Kyle and and setup
I'm a why but so it's a Monday Sunday
Funday and my mom is in Thailand still
taking care of business out there so my
dad throws down in the kitchen today he
made his specialty his spaghetti which
is like super good when we got here and
dad you've been fancy with it some
seafood huh I know this is weird but
okay when I was little like you know
well my parents used to make my
spaghetti with ramen noodles or mama
noodles because like you know that's
what we had laying around you know and I
just like I love it now that's the old
that's how I prefer my spaghetti
actually with ramen noodles if I can get
it like that so my dad you know threw
some scripts in there some muscles
poured a little wine he made a little
salmon salad cuz you know we're trying
to get sexy you trying to get sexy right
dad fix the air of course good morning
everyone
okay so this is a horrible cuz my call
time for this skit I'm going through
right now with 6:30 in the morning
6:30 and then I gotta I woke up at 7 and
only because the dude from the shoot
called me and was like yo where you at
and I'm like oh shit okay
on my way and so you know I super rushed
my poo didn't even shower just wash my
ass and feet and face and brush my teeth
of course
and now I'm on my way I'm super late
it's 8:10 and I still I got like super
duper traffic to deal with this is not
good this is highly unprofessional I'm
stressed I'm breaking out I'm in traffic
I probably didn't didn't wash my ass
enough is probably gonna get itchy
halfway through the shoot all right so
I'm on set for this Jay snow skit you
know I'm saying we just on set doing
what we do got random girls twerking on
set who are you I'm looping a random
emojis breaking this is the media good
light though hold on
there you go Lupe what's your real name
Tamara Tamara where can they find you
Tamara kissing at kissing
Tamara three A's boom boom there it is
we out here filming at WorldStarHipHop
headquarters
oh my god now I'm on this business much
discussing possible lucrative financial
possibilities with an old friend of mine
I'm gonna having a steak salad it's
delicious
I'm over here at public school in Culver
City I'm with
and yeah man hey VIN how's everything
I'd like le life oh you know everybody
nobody's really friends we're all just
business opportunities for each other
okay so uh now I'm at the CAA building
was he a sampler Creative Artists Agency
Creative Artists Agency just knocking
out some little like pitch meetings and
whatnot she knew I was coming she put
the Buddha poster up and our leaders
she's so racist
she's not even typing anything right now
working but look at look at all this
though look at all this this is her
private office was alcohol I got to do
today is I'm stopping by tits and tacos
or talking to tits tits and tacos so on
yeah yeah yeah so we're gonna you know I
don't know what they got me doing up
here they got me in my onesie I know
that much
what's up you got the ones he's on deck
who are you who are you okay for show
turn up turn up we about to turn up
tacos tacos TV finally home after a 13
hour day started at 8:00 a.m. it is now
9:00 p.m. and I'm finally back home but
it's not over yet because I got it like
after I shower and chill for a little
bit I gotta pack my bags cuz I fly to
New York at 6 a.m. to participate in a
Google panel about being a multicultural
content creator well the panel is like a
multi cultural panel I'm one of the
cultures you know but you know me man
team grind all day on your girls booty
team no sleep because I got my dick and
you girls booty team hard work and by
work I mean my penis so I drove myself
to the airport because I
didn't want my dad waking up all early
New York here I come let's go
yo once again I got super lucky on this
flight because the row behind me had
nobody in it so I switched rows and now
I got the whole thing to myself yeah
that long ass uber ride I'm finally at
the hotel it's dope though it's like a
tiny ass room but it's like really
slinky and nice check it out ouch mother
fucking Lynch
oh they got one of these showers you
know these feels so Bob wanna see myself
and big-ass bathtub which is dope
watching naked and afraid right on the
Discovery Channel and this naked lady's
booty is so dope check it out she also
has a very strong will to survive
intelligent
strategies for surviving resilience and
she's a go-getter but them caged though
so guys I'm chillin in New York right
guess who else I'm here with guys my boy
super ego back there pooping the Royal
penises clean your highness Thank You
King shit
