yes after 14 hours and watching
Godfather 1 and got by the two back to
back I am finally back home in LA it
feels so good it's beautiful and gloomy
and rainy out I love it
I love the smell of wet concrete in the
concrete in the morning hey what's up
dad I got enough Sun in Australia I'm
good I miss the rain so good to be home
I just I can't wait to poo in my own
toilet shower in my own shower jack off
on my own couch right bad not not on
your couch no no I stopped jacking off
on your couch years ago Oh quick while
we're on the subject father on the
subject funny story when I first moved
into my place you know I told my parents
look you guys are welcome I gave them a
key to my place you can come by anytime
stop by and my dad would just come in he
was just like he was just like like
which I would just be chilling at home
and he'll just walk in I told him I like
that you got to call me before you just
walk in my place because I could be
jacking off on the couch like one of the
perks of living alone is that I can jack
off anywhere I want so make sure you
call cuz I don't want you walking in on
me checking off on the couch you know
yes and you did call yeah five minutes
later another funny story at one time I
did I don't know if my dad I don't know
if I dad knows the story but the only
time I ever got close to getting caught
masturbating my dad had just left and
just left the apartment and I we used to
live in and a Destiny's Child blown out
real quick and then so I had like he's
elastic like Nike
my pants on and and I pulled you
laughing down and I was about to start
like you know doing my thing and then my
dad came right back in the house cuz he
forgot something about my go and I had
there like I had to let my pants go and
I went like wow I guess my stomach you
know hey Dad but you didn't you didn't
catch me
it just didn't say anything bootylicious
I got home took a bomb-ass poo a
long-ass shower I laid down for a little
bit
I didn't even jerk off like I was going
to because I got shit to do man
I actually scheduled meetings for myself
for the day that I got back from
Australia so here I am going to the
meetings you know me man it's like
honestly when I was in Australia I was I
couldn't sleep not only because I was
jet-lagged but also because I felt like
I get a little jittery when I feel like
I'm not creating or I'm not working
enough so when I'm like not producing
content or making shit happen I feel
weird you know I'm saying so I could
really sleep when I was in Australia now
it kind of feels good to be you know in
my car going on meetings getting shit
done again it's just you know it's like
there's no time man it's no time to
chill the only time I have to chill I
used to fly places with cheer you know
I'm saying my agenda for the day is I
have to sign a shitload of these
postcards because I'm giving them away
with my crew necks and my beanies my
love peace ski and cheese gear so you
have an option to like purchase it with
a postcard and you get like you know a
little personalized messages and yeah
and I'm here with Ali from acre she's
gonna do a little business call with me
right now and I'm getting a personalized
card you're getting a personalized parse
hold on I'm almost sign it right now
dear and we want to go to elf to us and
why you're
sweet but okay then I think these might
be one of my favorites it's lit up
drawing little penises inside hearts I'm
only doing like I'm only gonna do a
handful of these so if you get one of
these it's like you know you got the
golden ticket and shit you get to come
to my house and enter my Chocolate
Factory
LA traffic is no joke guys like I had to
pull off the freeway because it was
literally taking me like two hours to
get back from LA from this meeting and
like well it's a rainy day and it's rush
hour so you know that's kind of piling
on the factors that are causing this
long-ass trip but
sheesh your boy just got off a 15 hour
flight
thank you good morning it is no longer
raining in LA it's a beautiful sunny day
in LA I'm about to walk into this shoot
I'm at the odbc own studios about the
shooting shit for the new year and
should be month shoot nice things for
the new year shit guys look who set up
his ps4 and I'm playing destiny
I haven't played video games like this
in like years all right but I guess I
might as well start this gaming channel
right look for that in 2015 oh shit shit
gaming channel yeah ladies then Benji
news on snapchat no thank you what's
your snapchats fringy two times with a
me-too
and times with a Z so send that shit you
single ladies and he has cool face
here no beard for that for that for that
that's John cuz I got some fans out here
from Texas what's up man what's up bro
what's your name bro Jonathan
Dallas Texas Cowboys yes you know what
she doesn't want to be in the Geo fan
service so Thank You Man thank you both
DAP it up dab it up dab it up dab it up
by cleaner right and I ran you all you
guys with a paramount o for so run
disappear my - all you guys y'all are
sexy good morning but yo morning cuz now
guys I love your morning blood no I was
talking to you me okay well fuck your
morning red dust fuck them
I'm sorry so we are on our way to this
ether rap battle event Monica but uh and
yeah it should be fun man you know I've
been following the whole I've been
following the like the battles and that
whole culture and and everybody since
like since way back like WRC days so
this is probably like the biggest event
I ever you know disaster versus Cassidy
so I should be exciting when I grab some
Thai food first and yeah
ever so we up here in the battle Jamar's
get your bars them get your bars no
brick get you a nice game bars of every
social awareness yeah you know what get
your recycling up
Ramsey made up because they might
refresh yourself waitress shrapnel bomb
and blow this danger no you ain't watch
some comedy style but you'd be letting
boys fuck you in your what wrong I said
suddenly sit down we ran out of time
everybody's going everybody's whack my
snapchat don't have no sales no rival
penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
