Zarah with that with Eric and Rick and I
tried the sweater on it looks and it's
pretty fly I dig it fits me nicely but
but what's the problem here Rick this is
a size large he is not little large man
there's no way I can wear anything in
you if anything I'm damn near xxs man
yeah same thing man
I got a scarf and a BT in here and they
barely fit watch our gwaan rude boys and
rude gals eight o'clock in the morning
it's bright and early we got a whole day
to day of interviews and like wiling out
promo I got my wild to F out t-shirt on
Monica please I'm talking and and first
what we're doing is an interview with
the Playboy morning show Playboy TV and
should be fun man I'm not really sure
what to expect I think there may be some
scantily clad ladies roaming around
we'll see what happens I'm on the
Playboy Bunnies on Playboy TV I'll do
that wet wet Oh Twiggy Fergie
okay yeah that's so true
well I always say mine's not big but
it's pretty good look at this okay so I
just wrapped that interview with Playboy
TV was super fun it was good to see
Bobby Dean there familiar face was
always nice now I'm on my way to
youtubenation
to shoot some promo video for a while
now and I'm late I'm already late I'm
stuck in traffic but it's not my fault
this time guys it's traffic well I'm my
name is javi but you know wow you know
I'm at the other thing I'm at YouTube
nation about to shoot it was it like a
specific name of this show it's called
level up we got YouTube nation but the
show's called level up level up YouTube
nation they're gonna teach me one of
these special little skills right here
behind the scenes you know I got made up
I'm looking cute and shit now thank you
to the mega lady over there
236 236 and now I'm here with and we
just wrapped up an interview for Complex
magazine online all that where's it
going to complex calm sweet easy complex
calm we used it like three interviews
back to back to back now we're batch to
batch to batch to batch to Fox they're
late what is this alright we're here at
what soca its Fox we're here at Studio
you're a dummy and Fox studio LA we're
bout to go alive at 5 o'clock by we I
mean me and me and this is this hooligan
this is the set check it out skin some
behind the scenes he's so unprofessional
he wants us to divine here we go
oh that's racist it's an ng-show you can
do this yourself you can for the kids at
home watching you two can achieve
greatness opportunities you know now on
TV show oh it's the last interview of
the day is 9:45 I'm going on Loveline
right now with dr. Drew I used to watch
this show late at night on MTV like you
know they gave like sex advice and
relationship advice kind of like um a
foreshadowing of Gare de la ghettos you
know but you know now I'm on the show to
promote Wilin out and I am tired I'm
over you could tell I'm looking probably
a little more Asian I have a kind of
blood shot but all in a day's work
all right guys I don't know how many you
guys just watched Loveline growing up on
MTV but I did as a young in and this is
kind of trippy right now cuz I'm totally
here live on on the only hey hey now
she's going to bathroom he's gonna make
some food so far he's doing a tremendous
job to make is just like we've already
we've already become lifelong friends
and now I'm finally home now that it's
midnight my first interview was at 9:00
a.m. it's midnight I've been up since
like 4:30 in the morning okay that is
how you grind and you know what you know
what time it is now
no you're wrong it's not time to go to
sleep because I have to
pack my bags because I'm going to New
York tomorrow to shoot for another MTV
to show and to go to playlist live in
New Jersey to meet fans and shit let's
go
good morning so I'm on the plane I'm
sleepy for Joe MTV to hooked me up with
a first-class ticket
shit's crazy broke got mad legroom like
this thing can stretch out to like a bed
right I can recline and shit I got water
technology a remote control let's go
East Coast here I come airplanes in
terminals
he's on I really know
oh of course the first thing I do when I
land in New York is get my hair cut
got to look fresh got my boy rich the
barber here is always up make sure he's
always looking good you know I'm saying
you know especially if I'm gonna do some
TV more TV shit tomorrow I gotta look
nice you know I didn't so I got a little
sleep I'm feeling refreshed ready to go
to set - beautiful day in New York by
the way this would be show number three
for me on MTV - and I feel blessed that
they f with me like that and they
continue to hit me up I'm telling you
man if you want something bad enough and
you stay consistent and you keep working
towards your goals you can make this
shit happen man the universe bro smiling
on me right now all you got to do is put
in the work you got to be willing to
work okay so I just got to my hotel for
playlist in Jersey I left the shoot in
New York I didn't get anybody to that
but I'm here in Jersey when it's live
I'm taking pictures with people hey
what's up
oh you guys will be in hey hi were you
alive I was gonna say VidCon but it's
playlist Josh got me taking shine
furious what's up bro
buying a YouTube coming together broke
we had a vine Brad look like I'm like
him look all y'all are beautiful make me
nervous live by hashtag live by this man
what's up bro what's your name it's
Chris what's your channel Chris James
magic he's gonna show me some magic
right now let's go funny story is I had
a vlog one honey ko cane where he sold
me magic and he didn't know who I was
yeah it was my first video
yeah the first video on YouTube so he's
cute he does magic subscribe okay I
don't want to see it show the camera
show yourself yeah say stop stop
here take this card yep now all magic is
done by sleight of hand right you're not
gonna do slider pants okay
Oh crazy that's it let's go subscribe
subscribe please
so many Oh magic panties just got wet
there dude the Royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit yo
Australia I'm coming this weekend Friday
I'll be in Melbourne Saturday I'll be in
Brisbane Australia kind of turn up
