what up you already know what data is
I'm back home it's Monday fun day time
to get dinner with the fam I'm here my
mom cooked up a feast as usual she is me
Cheers she is here tomorrow we've got
some fish here some fried salmon some
other kind of weird fish but these
things these things are good because
look there it's all egg it's all egg in
here right it's like a rich salty flavor
and I know a lot of you guys that don't
know what something I think that's gross
but there's no bomb we got these crab
claws in a kinda like a curry ish sauce
little clue yellow curry sauce man it's
just delicious everything good with this
with that alcohol that's high smile on
this wonderful gloomy day in LA just
enjoying some authentic Thai food this
is called a leaf mint leaf if you want
to get this it's actually really bomb
really spicy you get it with a fried egg
and you're eating with the rice it's
really good spicy beef mint leaf or
something like that or Kapow in time
also some stone jung-geun which is a Tom
Yum shrimp or you get it with chicken
and this is the main course but for
dessert I got this sexy thing hey baby
girl how was your flight
how was your food yeah what's cool about
about Chia is and Canadians general is
in the winter they grow extra body hair
so like her whole her her leg and booty
area it's like extra furry right now
which is perfect for cuddling up to
in the it's so soft it's so soft it's
like a it's like it's almost like wool
okay so Taj Mahal man has me out here in
like it's like 40 degrees like weather
next to a dock you hit me up last night
like hey bro can you come do this thing
for me and I was like sure duck is
killing it hey thank you though
looking oli that's so pretty Rose stop
you want to get a closer thank you so
much for all the times that you stop
what you're doing to jump up always jump
through hoops to come be a part of my
video it's only because I want followers
and Jenna you're not gonna get them for
me dogs favor no look at Jenna back
there just being a white girl oh yeah my
favorite white girl like like not only
on YouTube but like in the world she's
doing frozen hi oh I thought I'd like
this off like I don't want you to die
babe I love you see guys it's just like
this is how it's gonna be in the future
guys it's like I'm coming home to my
wife and then she nags me as soon as I
get in the door right there what she was
and zombies mmm who looking dude I was
like hey babe I go to this place where I
jump around with Rick trying some cardio
cuz she always wants me to you know work
out and shit sounds like you want to go
jump around jump around jump jump
look what you got me drinking I'm
drinking a smooth eh eh eh whaat a juice
that has kale yes a blonde parsley kale
spinach cucumber that doesn't belong in
a drink that's what you eat in a subway
sandwich
beets broccoli kale parsley celery
grapes an apple like that shit oxidants
you can't beat that
you telling me you catch it you're
jumping around like a little gazelle
gazella in the wild in Africa
Oh scary
gotta stay sexy for her any other girl I
would have got fat with but she wants me
to stay fit and shit cuz she likes
staying fit so I guess good morning is
bright and early I'm on my way to go
shoot something if you guys didn't know
there's a show that comes on TeenNick
it's called
teens know everything and Nick Cannon
put me on the show I know I'm not a teen
Shh don't tell nobody they want to shoot
a few more episodes to wrap up the
season so that's what I'm going right
now
Chia is home asleep that's what's dope
about Chia man Chia is like the real
them one of the reasons we work so well
together is that she's such an
independent boss ass bitch that like she
doesn't feel the need to follow me
everywhere or she doesn't want to be
like tagging along you know I'm saying
if I gotta work she's like babe go work
go do your thing I'm fine here with my
Netflix you know I'm saying and that's
one of the beautiful things about her is
that she's not a super dependent person
melodia asked me how do you guys make
the long-distance work so well and a lot
of it has to do with the fact that we're
very independent people like we don't
need to be on the phone 24/7 and like
constantly wondering where the other
person is you know I'm Sam and and a lot
of you guys are thinking you know what
she's probably going through all your
shit right now trying to find some dirt
well you know what she can go through
all my shit because there is no dirt bra
I got nothing
Here I am on set for teens know
everything super producer Mac what's up
dawg what up yo how you feeling brave
man this is going down tib doing this
done you gonna make me a TV star what
oh man you already did that you say you
already knows yeah green screen life
alright guys so it's an exciting
exciting day because Shia and I have
been invited to the Taco Bell
friendsgiving feast only a handful of
like people have invited to this thing
and we're invited babe you excited yes I
don't even know what this is really but
it's Taco Bell of Taco Bell I love
Thanksgiving maybe like Taco Bell what's
that shit that they have in Canada Taco
Bell's that we don't have in here but
fry supreme cry supreme is what you used
to have okay fries with like a taco
supreme huh but on fries Canadians and
you guys are fucking weird would you
look at how adorable this is she is
taking pictures of the Taco Bell sign
you get a good picture babe
okay so we're here at the Taco Bell Test
Kitchen to try out new products right
now by you excited you excited bro
yes yes you guys excited you got it bro
you know excited it looks like a Taco
Bell in here guys that's crazy
guys she just brought to my attention
baby what did you find dad hey Tim your
loan your loan
yo lo amigo she wants to make sure you
guys know that that was just a joke and
she's not racist
no hey when you're gonna give me some
grandchildren we just got done crying
it's breakfast whiskey this Crunchwrap
these new chickens rolled tacos
everything doesn't come off like another
week or two or three the Royal penis is
clean your highness thank you
King shit
