uh-huh may see grace how sweet
the Sam what's up y'all Heineken please
oh y'all feelin this beautiful day is
ten o'clock in the morning and I feel
good just got back from New York last
night driving to LA right now for a
little pitch meeting for a potential
show that I'm working on and you know
I'm tired but I'm motivated I'm ready to
get this work I'm ready to get this
money and you know seemed no sleep team
grind all day team shave your pubes off
well as you can see it is nighttime that
was a long day of meetings but
successful meetings shit went well I
think I got some some good shit going on
made some good connections and now I got
to go home and pack because I'm flying
to Belgium in the morning for a club
show on Friday and then from there I go
to Amsterdam on Saturday and yeah man
let's hope and pray that I have some
clean underwear at home that I haven't
used yet hey Bo Peep oh mama good
morning
so you know I slept like an hour last
night and I was just packing getting
stuff together because I am flying to
Belgium and to earth and TWRP to be
exact and then after Belgium I go to
Amsterdam
for another Club show and no prostitutes
for me dad no no we'd either
well definitely not on camera as you can
see there's a lot of traffic as usual so
let's hope that I make this flight
because if I miss this flight it's a
problem because it throws off my
connecting flight to Belgium so that
could be a problem dad
my telephone finally out here Belgium
I'm in Brussels right now just hopped
off the plane what's up bro what's your
name
yo its Joe Joe so we are here and we're
looking at these giant balls right here
these giant shiny balls out here in
Brussels what are these called ooh
atomium balls now bro what you are
so I'm here at the famous P&V statues
penis fountain
what is it you said he peed on a bomb
yeah a peel on a bomb in the world war 1
or 2 or something like that ok and
that's why he got a immortalized huh
peeing for peace got all these Asians
here peeing on these haters bro this is
what I do to my haters right here it's
an all on him I want to pee on you
Binion's fried bananas bananas beignets
in pyjamas
mmm done with the sightseeing finally my
hotel room
I am tired I am stinky ready to take a
shower and a very necessary nap hey they
got my video playing on on the car
what's up bro who are you what faithful
faithful before the show grab some sushi
with always what is this what is this
group of people what's the company with
the tofu promoters and the artists for
tonight hey what's up everybody
I'd rather have good I didn't wanna
interrupt their dinner but hey so I'm
out here before I go back to the hotel
what's up dude what's your name I'm a
faithful faithful his dude
I'm Gabriel and I they were like yo
we're gonna take you to red light
district real quick if I can buy a
bottle of Hennessy it crazy out here man
hey and you know what those prostitutes
were really pretty there was some really
pretty prosecutions really film them no
no that's rude that's rude I'm gonna go
back to a hotel he's probably gonna go
back pick up a little prostitute what
you gonna do that's called you know what
that's called in the States
it's called whiskey dick whiskey dick if
you drink I can you drinking you can't
get it up I thought I was getting all
about it
apparently it's whiskey whiskey dick
backstage waiting for my turn to go up
with all these sexy ass people
yeah
so this my first time I ever built
amazing minds
just got off the stage doing something
like me greet some sorrow - hey what's
up I am
whatever man true yeah what she's
watching anything do that when he comes
out to your seat
be there be there so da yo what up man -
my kid oh yeah
yes I watched him for like how long for
you man I don't know you tell me man
thank you for you checked out of my
hotel in Belgium now I'm on my way to
Amsterdam in this car for an hour and a
half I'm sleepy I'm gonna take a little
nap
Jimmy poot here yo Jimmy poon Cecilia
poon Shelly hi
and yeah I'm go to sleep see you in a
little bit Amsterdam good night oh uh
before my show in amsterdam just
grabbing some grub with a bunch of
people hello say hi hi
so let me translate yeah in Dutch means
ya gotta make a couple stops that like
some some places that are promoting me
or that are sponsoring the event and
this chick started screaming what's up
what was your name - ow where you from
Oakland California Hey Oakland Westside
Bay Area yeah
all right Amsterdam I'm coming hotel
arena club about to go perform turn up
ich hoffe when you leave right
I'm at the meet and greet after hi
what's up you too bro you too what's up
dawg
that's a more show more so what so yeah
worse knocks out to myself more so hi
what's up my song we love you we love
you Tom go I'm sleepy thanks guys thank
you guys hi
Thank You Amsterdam Thank You ants we're
home
eleven hours later I flew for 11 hours
straight living 11 I'm home what's up -
what's up Dan huh welcome to a marathon
man thank you it's so good to be the
land of opportunity land of opportunity
right I got my mom some chocolate from
Belgium
she likes good diving something she
likes that white chocolate she doesn't
like that choc you touch like the white
chocolate I got you this back scratcher
good morning it feels so good to be home
and before we go to the next vlog I'm
just gonna make this point really quick
people are always like Tim why do you
always use suggestive thumbnails and
titles for your vlogs you don't need to
do that we watch for you we don't need
these dirty titles and then so I said
you know what let me humor this okay so
my last vlog I had cute girls in it I
had a bunch of fun shit but I was like
I'm not gonna use a cute girl or dirty
title right half the views come on son
so just let me do my thing guys and
enjoy like we've been doing all right
love you the royal pain is this clean
your highness Thank You King shit
