I got a bank failure do anything Fraga
not even thing hold up a bank to get
that bad fuck yeah good morning so I am
back on the house hunting hunt again and
I'm in this sick ass fucking property
I'm sticking out right now you know
since never too early to start looking
for a house you saw me and this shit
right here kind of dope right I'm
feeling this shit oh look at that
Hollywood sign right there to a hmm
alright so uh at this point guys I'm
just kind of blogging for cheetah since
she can't be here to see the house and
of course I have to get a approval from
the wifey you know but uh
this shit's kind of lit bro fucking
awaited this is just the bottom hold on
wait say I'll see the top half top half
his tight day
mmm
house number two we out here no ho of
course we have my lovely real estate
agent Myra from on the block real estate
right all right yeah it's definitely
more spacious okay nice little backyard
back here oh this is along with the
apartment complex behind it okay oh and
these are supposed to grow in I see for
sure okay all right ice what you think
of this one baby it's us bigger one more
bedroom and it's actually cheaper but
but that other one was sexy right hmm I
mean I'm not mad at this one either man
especially if it's cheaper you know and
you can see our neighbors skinny-dipping
over there if we ever wanted to spy on
them that's kind of cool yo so I'm at
Beverly Hills at my my skin ladies spot
got the whole body skin Institute skin
stitute and they're doing this shit to
me right they're gonna numb my face they
took blood from my arm and then they
gonna it's called a micro needling she's
gonna run this these needles all over my
face open up my pores and then take the
plasma from my blood put it on my face
to help me heal my acne scars and shit
some crazy science dr. Frankenstein she
ain't happening okay okay go okay mine
with no needle it right here Roxy hmm
okay okay so um um as you can see I'm
full and bloody I don't know what hello
this is Anita thank you for helping me
look cute oh I kind of match my sweater
actually really coordinated now my face
is red and swollen we gonna see how my
parents react to my face right now know
what I know for maybe yellow hello
I will show you also I'm headed to the
airport
I gotta keep my faith a little cover I'm
looking still a little I look kind of
like sunburnt peel the little little red
still but I'm heading to Toronto because
going to a wedding with cheating when
her cousins is getting married something
like that she's gonna be trying on
wedding dresses out there look who's
here oh look who's vlogging Oh mom vlog
my parents hello dad Sunday mom's going
to Thailand mom's going to Thailand I
mommy what about you get sporty I'm home
by myself no party dad I'm just gonna
keep my address and phone number you
know what
oh and available old and available oh oh
eh eh old in available right now how
does one explain this button feel any
feels when he's not sure what he's
feeling but he knows that it's real to
take something intangible and try to
explain not fully understanding all the
bats in my brain oh so even though I'm
looking kind of sunburnt I do baby
can I look fucking burnt look at my eyes
I like Donald Trump eyes well yeah yeah
it's just it's just this yeah
champagne you can say anything is like
I'm burnt chicken champagne
in bed great champagne fabulous
champagne the best yeah so uh you know
so no one told you life was gonna be
this way so uh we are here in Toronto I
feel like I haven't seen you in forever
it's been since my Thanksgiving which is
the beginning of October like 10th
Dave like a month and a half but then it
came back to LA for a week remember oh
yeah like a mom she's gonna be trying on
wedding dresses and she she will be
vlogging better like we can't show you
that vlog until after the wedding over
cuz I don't want you guys to see what
I'm maybe gonna be where I can't see you
that's bad luck bad luck so it's like
almost like we got like a time capsule
vlog that's gonna drop like August 23rd
or some shit you know I'm saying 21st yo
I hired a fucking sick videographer for
the wedding man the wedding video is
gonna be so dope doesn't wait angle I
know that's what I'm like I'm like
arching my neck right now wedding video
is gonna be huge
best wedding video though you know we
just in Serrano chili I'm gonna arch my
neck and she will see half of it there
oh my gosh you're fine
Oh free date tomorrow I go gallivanting
got a bad thing but yeah should be fun
so much fun I'm going to blog some
things not all things right right I
gotta leave some some some personal
moments with your family yeah I had a
photo shoot scheduled tomorrow but not
like this why would you even schedule it
cuz I thought it would be okay you get
with it like probably six hours ago yeah
you right and and just saying and I
thought I would be better okay go take a
shower stinky no I can't
cool I can there's no hot water in this
hotel it's a nice hotel but yes in lieu
of hot water we have champagne turnt up
yeah we were like she called us she's
like it's something wrong with the hot
water she said yes yes something's wrong
we know there will be hot water for 30
40 minutes do you want something from
the bar will you just tell me from the
bar yeah can we get like a glass or two
champagne she's like we can get you a
some champagne or wine the champagne
she's like okay can we get two glasses
of champagne or maybe a whole bottle but
no my face the royal pain is this clean
your highness thank you
King shit what's up y'all Timothy
DeLaGhetto here and I'm gonna be hosting
the first ever hot import nights in
Australia okay
December 10th make sure you come to
Sydney Olympic Park there's gonna be
cars sexy import models prizes lots of
entertainment you know I'm saying I'm
gonna be giving out hugs and kisses on
booty calls I might even spit a little
freestyle as you can see I'm ready for
the booty call I'm not wearing no pants
let's go it's lit turn up see you there
g'day mate stray a cunt
peace
