about this brunch place that was super
bomb out here called snooze right went
over there put my name on the list table
for four please 90-minute wait alright
we are starving right now but we heard
it superb on the menu the bomb so like
okay fuck it let's wait right but we're
so hungry we went to a fun place down
the street and we're splitting one bowl
of blood because we want to be hungry
for this brunch place so you know got a
little bowls on bag down a snooze the
bomb brunch place and it's already
started off pretty bomb we got these
Bangkok a Bloody Marys
there's fish sauce in there basil if
there's transsexual sweat in here the
host was so nice and she recognized me
she bought us a cinnamon roll pancake
which is also very bomb Benji is doing
no save November
this is the first day and he looks so
long thank you
we bout to dive in we bout to go in we
bout to do all types of you bout to make
sweet love to this food right here I got
a breakfast potpie right
what a egg sunny-side up on its place
Wow we got a slew of pancakes a parade
of pancakes blueberry
we got the Winningham pineapple banana
no no this is peaches peaches is the
pancake of the day I get the chance in
the great plan peanut butter banana and
bacon yeah ba breakfast potpie right
it's like breakfast gravy on a flaky
crust got the egg on deck
lots of busing wide-open one time pussy
Poppins with his breakfast right here yo
yo
disgusting I want to do is here at
snooze is a fan video for sub man what's
up bro hey bro you are adorable thanks
for watching the videos of course thank
you for being so funny hey no problem
the host at snooze is like so cool and
she's also a supporter of the videos
this is Sam nice thumbnail from my vlog
perfect driving back from San Diego had
a fun trip good people the music the
food Thank You whales vagina San Diago
warning warning la yeah good morning LA
about to hop on this flight to go to New
York for a couple of days to shoot a few
more episodes it should be fun I wasn't
allowed to talk about it before but I
think they they like me because they
call me back for more episodes which
means I'm definitely going to be on
there so yeah turn up feels so good to
be back in New York City I'm in my hotel
yo check this shit out check this shit
out check this shit out
the hotel is hotel paramount yes I'm
paramount represent I got a sweet little
view out there even though it's like mad
cold outside and like it makes me itch
because my skin is so dry like I get
really really ashy like I know yes
Asian people get asked you too I learned
that I get as she when I was in like
third grade my first best friend ever
this guy named Jonathan Phillips right
he saw my legs and he was like dance him
you get black people actually who's
black he's like damn now he's located
he's third grade he's like damn chicken
that people actually I was like a she
was that and then from then on my world
was changed lotion cocoa butter all that
shit okay so since I've touched down in
New York I had to touch base with my boy
John Lee he's been out here in New York
like three years now this coat is shit
out is called
and so word on the street is that this
spot right here
the Willis car sweet chick sweet chicks
is supposed to be like
at on the same level if not better than
Roscoe's chicken waffles so we're gonna
know we bout to find out right now okay
so it's good but I wouldn't say Roscoe's
level Roscoe's all-day thing it might be
a little biased no it's not no it's not
it's not no no Roscoe's Roscoe's is just
Rasmus is the best man
give me a break iso back on set say that
they brought me back they want me hello
how are you hello and I'm out here soon
few episodes and thank you for making me
look cute covering these pimples up I
appreciate you my home girl Linda are
you from MTV too and she took me to this
place this restaurant I've heard about
it's called ninja New York and it's this
restaurant right and it's like at any
time or place
fucking ninjas could just pop out from
anywhere
that's yours what I'm just a Japan in
the fire
yes thank you did you say mom stay going
higher yeah crazy bro
medium rare it's my birthday today happy
birthday to me thank you 80 happy
birthday to me just finished dinner at
the ninja place they hooked me up with
this little honorary ninja thing so I
appreciate it all my ninjas in there
ninjas for life when my ninjas at that
you to who
my ninja ninja for yes and now you know
now so I'm gonna go back home and write
some jokes and cuz I shoot right and
early tomorrow oh what a beautiful
morning
what a beautiful what's up y'all it's
bright and early I'm gonna shoot a
couple more episodes and head right to
the airport get on a plane and fly back
to LA I'm tired how when a boy with a
dream had my head in the clouds
yeah now I'm sleeping first class got
the bed
get my pops to pick me up handy second
with brown King shit with a beanie on a
crown on my bottom feels good to be
finally home six hours later off the
plane getting some food in my belly
eating a big old chicken from Costco
with my dad I'm sleeping this might be
he did chicken mom's asleep everyone
knows that Costco keeps the cost low
can't wait to go home shower this funk
off my balls take a shower
jackoff go to sleep right dad Ione Depot
my daddy did all that and some people
say Tim why do you always say you shower
before you jack off don't you want to
shower after you jack off but here's the
thing I don't like to do that unless I'm
clean I like to be fresh when I do that
so um there you go
let me keep you little minds dirty yeah
your body always keep your mind dirty
and your body clean good night the Royal
penis is clean your highness Thank You
King shit
ah come on it was a prank man where's
the camera right there
