what up y'all I'm back home it's
beautiful and sunny and warm outside I
missed it I feel good I got a tank top
on you know I'm saying I did like three
push-ups this morning so I feel like I'm
looking nice right now
I got Rick with me I'm not showed a
purpose and I was like wait I'm not huh
I know I know I'm gonna tell them why
it's funny now I'm like Rick put on a
gasser because we're gonna go work out
and I was like I was like I'm gonna vlog
and he's like no and I was like don't
trip I'm knocking show your giant your
gesture you're looking for Halloween
costumes right everyone's just kind of
chillin and then ah nee nee nee nee nee
nee go Rick so right now on that sky
Zone which is like one of those gyms
where's like trampolines everywhere I
just bounced around and I'm trying to
you know get some good cardio because
like I hate running I'm not a good
swimmer I'll drown so I need to just hop
around get some cardio because you know
I'm gonna try and get sexy like you know
like three years now and sit um got Rick
here with me to bounce around you know
Rick for the piece okay rich therefore
the pizza I'm going to bounce it around
we're the only ones it oh you were you
I'm Tanner Hudson what dude this is
crazy you're crazy
ha ha stripping in artist thanks daddy
so much that is crazy on a tram going
decently it Rick decided to stop by
Disneyland real quick
please use the picnic area okay
Disneyland I ran into a fan hello hello
what's your name
and now he's safe if you're her lovely
mom hi shout out to her sister Danielle
Danielle where you at yeah I'm trying to
get on the small world ride where are
you at
I've never seen the California or the
the the world of colors show at
California ventures before and I was
inquiring about the seating right and
the lady recognized me and gave us two
tickets
you don't know no don't don't tell
anybody that her name isn't Lisa Papa
Nelly I thought it was
oh yeah Pocahontas right now and if
they'd be pillars of the wind I'm gonna
be so excited funny it's not even funny
right now there we go
have you ever
always there
have you ever known
they are Eric's house he's having a
little kickback situation oh hey here
you shout out to me everybody's twerking
is crazy it's good oh we will just show
no sir oh yeah it's wack right that's
right somebody look okay okay good okay
someone go down go down
Pablo two down in Venice Beach I linked
up with my dude from Singapore
sup bro Chickasha when I was in
Singapore he took me around and shit you
know I'm saying so we just had to link
out here in LA got his peoples here
what's up so what's over here trying to
get this collab done at some point and
uh and you know look him up if you don't
if you if you don't know about Singapore
rappers click them up morning or
afternoon rather it is a beautiful
gloomy harmonica it is a beautiful
gloomy grey Halloween day and we just
hit the road for San Diago we being me
and Ricky shucks what's up
Oh Rick's looking at who does now check
we are going to go pick up some people
and head to San Diego for the night I'm
judging a costume contest out there a
thousand blows should be fun
turn up turn up San Diego halfway mark
today's white girl titties white girl
titties white be rotating white girl
today we finally got to San Diego
and last time we're in San Diego we went
to crop crap crab but which is like
boiling crab but way better hey yo check
this out they got these uh uh where'd it
go cha-cha mangos it's like a margarita
but they put in the like the spicy like
Mexican shit and it's like mango and
it's spicy and it's Mexican and it's Bom
Bom right guys bum bah bah
well everybody's instagramming and
snapchat anything go I got tea and Rick
got tea because Rick doesn't drink cuz
you don't need to drink to one have a
good time to be cool 3 get all the
females that the sloppy dudes can't get
because that's the only way you get it
in comparison to them being sloppy and
you look at normal deck exactly if I was
after the females like that no we talked
about you
right but for the record hi I see it's
uh baby I love you miss you before the
record in my sloppy days I got the bad
ones too huh
here we go we in San Diego but to go to
this Halloween turn up at the House of
Blues we got sister Benji Clarence
Constantine we got bald Kenny the
homegirl arse Asia dressed as a vampire
which munchkin who you got we got sleepy
a wild Rick Black's appears uh about to
take some shots
God said turn up on the eighth day happy
Halloween Hey
hey babies muscles look at these muscles
bride rah rah flex your pecs bro you
can't get out you get out of six right
so the flesh over here pattern moving
they're moving under here you can't go
okay
Tim don't do that you at the club was
good
hey what no shit away why all right Joss
was the end of the night um Mia Ric are
cuddly not really we got this pillow
separating I wish the pillow wasn't
there to be honest it's there though yo
tell me why I was walking around with
benji and his boy um Kenny and Rick the
lab and we went to Subway right is mad
packed this girl in a ninja turtle
outfit recognized me slap the shit out
of my dick and ball package area cuz you
know I was in like a one-piece she
slapped my dick and balls and was like I
need to pee and I was like ouch
you you slapped my day really hard right
now it like it hurt and then uh and that
was it and then she just kind of kept it
she kept it moving and that wasn't cool
cuz like it hurt um that's all I got man
Rick uh guys good night the rival penis
is clean your highness Thank You King
shit everyone's doing pranks I figure yo
why not try and do some pranks too right
I got my scary mask I got this knife
this is murder prank in the hood just go
