I'm back home in sunny warm California
it's actually kind of hot right now
what's up dad you're hot you're a hot
dad yes hot dad calm did you miss me
of course Canada was super cold here she
is super cold yeah she's cool she's cool
she was cool can it was cold she as cool
as always how's mom so I just walked
into my house like literally fresh off
the plane fresh out of the car and look
what's going on
I got a cruel full of people all in my
shit what'd you say George all in my
shit because we're shooting a Rick skit
what's that bro yo we got Monica here
you might remember her from the the
pregnancy test that is walk test the
yeah okay yeah yeah yeah sorry but you
might remember hurt her her butt from on
the beach not this face no no this is
the work of her hello hello so we got
like a whole day of shooting shit I've
been out of town so I gotta catch up get
some work done we knocked out Rick's kid
now we got a whole bunch of other things
we got to do for my channel so I didn't
know I was gonna be using Monica today
but you girly nasty so we got here for
Rick's kid I wrote a script skip real
quick script Rick quick that three times
shooting the next little commercial
thing here and um you know I like look
what she did to me guys I mean hey got
my titties falling out sexual harassment
I like it don't stop my shitty out oh my
god fix that oh god I like that and okay
I like cute apologies you know I don't I
don't
okay so it is now 9:00 p.m. I got off
the plane at noon oh no I got off the
plane at 11 o'clock it is now 9:00 p.m.
we'd be shooting all day we just got
done rat finishing the day with a murder
prank you guys will see that around
Halloween it got crazy no I don't
usually do pranks but I had a I had an
idea that like really freak some people
out it's gonna be crazy
thank you everyone yeah that's a wrap
yeah
Rick's been here since 9:00 p.m.
a.m. 12-hour day good morning you sexy
motherfuckers you know right and early 8
o'clock in the morning about to shoot
some more shit not for my channel but
for some other stuff they paid me to--
that's all that matters I'm on set for
this Hard Rock Cafe thing I'm doing with
maker and I'm topless and guess who else
guess who else was topless guys oh my
not scary net 1x it is scary eyes okay
to say that I like nasty oh yeah you
crazy but but what we get in topless and
but don't you have ladies no tube ladies
I got you too we got the boys have you
based here we say bro
yo no lie I read I read the Call Sheet
and it was like Timothy DeLaGhetto it's
a cool Amy Pham was like tight I was
like trapeze gonna be up here but bass
Travie I didn't I didn't eat all morning
I'm fucking put baby oil on it I says we
got Bart Baker yo what's up this is bar
from the internet thanks for watching my
nipples so much
I'm missing dinner with my fam some
sushi hi mom
so dad yeah and so this dude this dude
what's up bro hey good and you and your
homies let's go bro he's like yo can I
sit down I'm like sure bro I guess shut
up
Patrick Kim and she bombshell
good morning recipes shots Robin
Williams recipes Robin Williams I am
about it's 5:30 in the morning I'm about
to hop on this plane to Syracuse I got a
show tonight out there dad how are you
I'm sleepy my dad is sleepy but you look
great fast cars silly hoes
no no making my connection flight ran
into this do a sub problem except guys
hey Jones
that's a John survive these Asian guys
pick me up in this Asian sports car
hello what's up bro so what's up what's
up Syracuse what up I'm here I'm I think
I'm getting a pimple on my nose sucks oh
also I hear you bleep are these dudes
you what's up man let them know let them
know yeah Andy's lovely house appreciate
it what no-ho-ho no no I would not know
these hold pre-show drinks
now we're gonna be okay I'm out here
Syracuse Nathan or
I'm in Syracuse what's 9+10
after the show some people stuck around
for pictures and stuff so party right
okay and there's like a gift all over
tumblr walls like yo stop being a little
bitch bro little bitch
that's crazy but did you take my advice
yes and you're not a little bit morning
Syracuse thanks for being lovely showing
me a good time it's time to go home
actually I got a layover in Chicago so I
might just extend my layover chill in
Chicago for a few hours so cue the
airplanes and terminals every day pretty
every city different a dozen set it
good what where are we wearing liquor
part we're in a wicker park Chicago I'm
here at the homegirl me in we are you
know she's John you know show me this
little nice little area do some shopping
get some grubbing in I've never really
got to explore Chicago before so you
know we out here yeah here this time
she's taking selfies and shit
wait blocking so uh me and took me to
the spa book club brunch and no shits
about to it's crazy right now we have
here is a deconstructed lobster Eggs
Benedict
Elte Eggs Benedict and yo
these are pretzel pancakes white
chocolate white chocolate Carmen covered
pretzel pancakes I took this fight right
here and that shit was so bomb
that's so good okay so I've I've never
been here before where we at right now
man I don't know what she said but we
out here Chicago this is so pretty
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you
King shit thirst is on 90% and you just
want to get it in in any way shape or
form you scrolling through your contacts
like should I hit up that girl that
lives down the street that normally I
wouldn't even talk to cuz the breath
stinks a little bit I think I might
