so here in my hotel Gainesville Florida
straight from New York to Florida and
just about to go soundcheck for the
event tonight I'm performing at like
like an Asian Club events called the
Asian kaleidoscope just showcasing Asian
artists and accomplishments and stuff
like that you know cuz I'm repping for
the peoples I have a nice little view of
like a lake out there I'll open my
window for like two seconds and I see
the mosquito I said nope okay so I just
wrapped up this interview with who is
this what is this yeah thanks guys
University of Florida kaleidoscope
Gainesville makes a noise
so this guy was in the vlog like three
times last time I was in Gainesville but
what's up bro this is thing on silly
wait hi who are you hi I'm Brie we asked
you to sign her forehead
this man right here he's an inspiration
to me like throughout high school I had
like confidence issue and because of him
it really helped me out like this guy is
just funny cause I make jokes about
myself because I'm confident about
myself hey all this man this man right
here listen to her motherfucking beanie
all right this man right here with the
old school no racial shirt hey lien
Thank You Bo you come in here too she
saw she remember my last Gainesville
vlog you might remember the poon do one
now no no I'm gonna bow and Big Ups all
the night ages that came tonight they
had to put up that asian shit I
appreciate it you know how it is back
from my travels back to the grind I'm
actually a half hour late for for a
possibly important meeting I just got to
learn to leave the house earlier man
this traffic out here is no joke
and but the thing about it is like I'll
wake up super early and then take like a
long-ass shit you know and I don't want
to rush my shits like have you taken a
good poo like you got to enjoy that you
know I hate rushing a poo because if you
rush a poo and you forcing it out you
not wiping good enough and then like you
think you wipe it all the way and then
you got like and even if you shower man
like if you rush that poo it's like a
little bit of pool to still trying to
come out and so you got like that
feeling of damn I got poo still in my
ass all day and sometimes like it like
what what if what if what if you didn't
you washed it and you didn't get it
enough and then you're just like and
then you got that like feeling of like
man there's a little bit of this poo
there's like it stinks it what stinks
and it's itchy like that that itchy poo
but and if I'm in LA all day man I'm I'm
not I can't I can't deal with that okay
so I'm out here at this I'm out here
with uh just went stops Emmanuel
face my cameras we're working on a
special project right now some real
special sub dot what I got a whole kit I
got to do this I know we're not we're
not in the same frame right now we're
not what's up bro let him know who you
are
Oh me Oh Oh me badly Karla we do it he
does TV shows right and he's here and he
does TV show yes and he's here with me
any manual right now Timothy it's really
shit delageteau it's going down it's
going down stay tuned stay tuned for
detail had to link up with my boy thank
you and we went to this local spotted
paramount dad check this out so these
tacos right I got some lengua right
that's the tongue I got some
motherfucking cabeza right that's like
the forehead I got some motherfucking
shorties so that's like the Gooch
that's the Gooch of the cow and hidden I
got some eSATA I don't know what my
father
hey hey what do you call them next
appear with one leg shorter than the
other have you heard this joke okay okay
not easy
well I guess it's like more like a solo
fun on hand okay how much Mexican
jacuzzi what we do okay well you call
Mexican with a rubber toe Robert oh okay
okay how do you blindfold asian do
dental floss happy birthday to you happy
birthday to you happy birthday dear
Peter happy birthday
yeah
okay so this is Peters oh this beers up
hi hey cutie hey cutie oh you're gross
you lick it you live that and you lick
me I dig to the face you don't go dick
to mouth with me weenie
Oh turn up turn up turn up turn up
right now I'm in Hollywood with Rick
what I've done and we are heading to
play house which is a club for my boss
man Nick Cannon's day of birth it's his
birthday he's gonna be deejaying so I'm
gonna stop by and you know give him a
big old hug and buying the bottle of
Cristal and spray it all over the place
cuz how fuck you don't you don't
the rival penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
Wow I can't believe it straight happy to
give I don't know that dude man we not
even praying don't get me wrong seems
like a fun fellow but I'm dog days and
he's for my high yellow flower mall
complexion the list goes on they say we
all look alike for real and she's wrong
hi subs the channel I watch all the
vlogs tell Ricky sucks what's up
Caspar though I mean Rick used to call
me Jane as a joke I downloaded his
battles like it finishes cold but open
your eyes bro is what you need to see
I'm tae you won't learn Chinese from me
