I just wrapped my second day of shooting
this shit I don't know if I'm allowed to
even tell you what I'm doing out here
yet but I'm done shooting and look who
else up sooner wit look who I've met hey
let them know if they don't know who you
will very iceless and yeah man we out
here how are you thank you for doing my
makeup earlier making me look cute y'all
know I got pimples but you're not gonna
see him thank you for making me look
cute
hey all right walking around New York
chillin Times Square rental family's up
bro what's up we from Zander I'm from
New York ah me in such a huge fan man
thanks man what don't so I'm just
chilling here on the red steps get it
right by my hotel it's hanging out in
New York by myself you know I'm saying
it's kind of nice check it out
oh my god thank you this second magnet
dude this has to be the best advertising
I've ever seen
well it's so big well well I got pulled
over she was like I recognized it and
she got me a free drink thank you so
watching videos all the time yeah just
can't stop laughing funny they on repeat
repeat repeat
everybody got make sure you watch this
guy funniest guy out there that's it
thanks you know they say don't get no
funny in here and why's mad love today
man my man so she just landed she
doesn't know I'm coming to pick her up
she thinks I sent a car so she don't
tell nobody
yeah
that shit I know she is that tell some
man tell any man guess who's back guess
who's back guess who's back
nice wig nice nice extensions babe all
day with carpal tunnel syndrome guys you
know I'm always watching diners
drive-ins and dives on the Food Network
hosted by Guy Fieri yo we're at his
restaurant guys American and we ordered
some wing so it's super crowded tonight
in New York it's like super credit my
favorite
today we gonna make a baby like that
ugly ugly baby babe wait you're cute
nice to have a big-ass head
she has the biggest head guys it's so
look how big her head is compared to
mine oh so I ate at a guy's restaurant
and now I'm watching him on the Food
Network diners drive-ins and dives right
so guys you know how Mirek failed at
doing that tour in LA I'm replacing Rick
when she and we do it in New York though
because he didn't have a woman with you
to fail yo so we're on this tour and our
tour guide is hilarious like it was
really like
like this Buddha right here called fire
in 1954 why do I look so all today this
is dealer gold oh you make it fun of a
racist dark places all races no faces
hearts racing
soil and we're taking a little stroll
were in like the Chelsea area right now
and we're going on this Italian place
that like we really like we had it for
the first time we're in Austria called
BA pianos like two two years like two
like two years it's but it's so long you
know so we made it
we walked like 10 20 20 blocks and we
made it to poppy and I knows so mom she
is getting drunk so you go up to the
little pasta bar you tell them what kind
of pasta you want and what kind of
noodles you want it on or pasta you
wanted I'm so agent hey isn't it good
it's beyond good would you get she got a
chicken alfredo I got this like I forgot
it was even called man at bit yo shit's
like next-level pasta bro I in I mean
I'm at a bar in New York getting drunk
with Gia
hey there and look who's here guys
Thursday's here
the girl man
oh it's our last day in New York City
just doing a little shopping will
shopper Uzis cuz you know in Canada they
don't have cool stuff did you burp yeah
she's burps sound like I was on her
burps sound like a little baby dinosaur
trying to hatch channel roar for the
first time guess what today is
no no guess again babe today is my
eighth year anniversary of my youtube
channel timothy delaghetto
- and babe please and you know it's the
world pear celebrating thank you guys so
rubbish we're celebrating thank you so
much for everybody who has been rocking
with me since open babe tryna be
sentimental
everybody thank you everybody who the
rockaroonie since Oh sticks thank you
for the new fans who tuned in thank you
forever with me thank you for supporting
me
thank you for supporting me I appreciate
you so much I can't believe you guys
still F with me after all these years
and I'm truly grateful you're helping me
live my dreams and reach my goals and I
love you and I appreciate you thank you
for rocking with me pick that nose pick
that nose pick that nose for real
hey I'm talking me going just like that
so it's 1:00 a.m. New York will just
pack in my hair looks stupid
damn my head was released when I am 20 M
we ordered some some sushi is and some
Thai food and we got a pack and then
we're gonna go our separate ways I got a
show in Gainesville Florida she has to
get back to Canadia as always but Thank
You New York for all the love and a good
time I always have fun when I'm out here
and yo man eight years on YouTube once
again thank you guys for watching I
appreciate you I love you and um and I
got way more shit come in as long as
y'all keep watching all right the rival
penis is clean your highness Thank You
King shit Saturday mornin pain in my
head
I take me a big booty I see a booty
sleep in my bed bitch who the hell is
use you
and who needs obsession way too many
shots of him can I have your booty baby
just for one night say yes say yes cause
I need some hope I was kind of drunk
tonight you caught my eye nice but you
let you carry in every way
