this is like so artsy right now and cool
alright guys guess what time it is
guess who's back alright yo guess who's
back in town guess who's here Benji two
times and you Garcia and this guy you
guys haven't met this guy hey pop is so
big what's up bro we are about to turn
up take some shots and go do it again do
it again do it again okay yo Disick
spits like mad bars she's a beauty after
the club I just peed and shit yo we got
Andrew Garcia peeing right now what's
good dog I'll pee it's normal I'm peeing
it's normal I'm peeing it's normal I'm
peeing
it's dumb yeah you want snap what's your
snapchat Andrew Garcia Andrew Garcia
snapchat Tim of the DL G we've you
peeing this shit you know I'm saying
Andrew Garcia peeing on his testicles we
don't want to make a scene
making no spectacles Benji two times I
spit two lines two yo day
my got so much game you being on my
testicles I'm fuckin ping on the ground
browse freestyling I'm peeing on the
ground I'm gonna pick up my testicles
cuz it's nasty movies Benjy yo ladies
Benji's in LA now so if you female if
you females are in LA and you're single
Benjy two times is ready to get it in
you know I'm saying Lu don't touch me to
noon everyone on a way to another shoot
as always got my boy Ricky sucks here
yes I know from young gun it's our way
to LA area but Scott but it she
something real quick okay so we're on
set for this natural punch skit it's
called the app vengers if apps with
superheroes Rick is Google Plus Oh
oh my goodness check it out look look
what a where can they find you if they
want to find you
she's like stylish shake DJ shake leader
of the blond Asian revolution Rick's
future chick sorry I totally stepped on
his good line right and I'm not Tiger
Woods I'm actually snapchat that's my
character today good job green screens a
K and Lane you know I'm saying red brick
pizza and shit hop the fence and the
fast way to go is if we turn the corner
and do this and do that
oh he's descending
oh you don't like that YouTube star okay
so I'm about to shoot another episode of
youtubers react with the finebros during
a fancy new office nickelodeon money
paid for a new office cuz they got
picked up but look who's here guys okay
what's up everyone good morning I mean
good afternoon sorry that would be more
accurate I'm just totally just out of it
right now
stayed up all night just writing about
to head to the studio to record a little
little remix of this song for my boys
that titanium it's a rap group from
Thailand right and they hit me up to get
on a remix of one of their songs
so um into the studio right now I'm
tired I barely slept but certainly I
killed this shit rough I killed his
verse Bob is sick
yeah over here we in the studio by lay
down this verse mark quick back here
with and I was like the tenth take guys
guys I super overslept and I'm like
we're stuck in traffic my flight to New
York leaves in like 45 minutes or so am
I gonna make it I don't know I'm
stressing that I'm gonna make it I told
you to get me a motorcycle man if I mean
it stop the airport motorcycle man yes
oh my lord have mercy
guys I barely made that flight whoo and
check it out the person next me didn't
show up so I got the whole road on
myself
born in New York City check out my tiny
ass hotel room hey it's all good though
I'm here I'm about to head out and go
shoot this thing that I'm out here
shooting I don't know if I'm allowed to
tell you guys about it yet but hey I'm
out here I'm shooting this shit it's
another opportunity and I'm so grateful
for it I'm just glad to be out here
working slow but steady man one move at
a time one day at a time one show at a
time I'm about to take over this shit
son the Royal penis is clean your
highness
Thank You King shit
