guys guess who finally got here to her
own house hey she doing over there hot
stuff nothing no looking at nails
looking at nails you guys didn't know
she and her Auntie run their own nail
shop out here in Canadia and also if you
guys didn't know she is armpits smell
like smells like Canadian bacon mint
julep lemonade and a hint of
ginseng with a little bit of thyme and
her but her butt smells oh my god her
butt smells like Nutella haha coconut
cream pie and hope for a new generation
alone again in my girl's house what to
do yes I'm Batman babe you got a booty
like an onion you know why cuz it makes
you wanna cry I know this place the LOB
would they go with you she got you know
a nice little s sirloin steak you know
and check out what I ordered though so I
got a bacon-wrapped trout son and it's
the whole motherfucking fish oh yeah
let's see how this how this works out
right now alright y'all you know what it
is it's about that time to say goodbye
so long farewell be the same and you
know got a hit back it's actually gonna
be a super busy time for me when I get
back home gotta get back to work and you
too babe back to work see you next time
see you next time
it was it was hard at first and then
they got easy and then actually I think
it's getting hard again because we've
spending more time with
oh there you know it's on these little
visits it's like back-to-back visits and
shit but so I finally got home back to
LA but my dad couldn't pick me up and I
had to hop in this uber right and this
goober drivers car smells like
cigarettes
giving me a headache I just want to go
home
yo so I finally got home after that
long-ass stinky ass uber ride but look
what she did for me guys because now she
organized my whole closet right
she says I've organized it all by color
hoodie zip up and crewneck right she
color-coordinated my whole closet and
categorized it oh my god and she put her
shit here - wow I've organized this side
by color long-sleeve short-sleeve tank
top all your jackets are in your office
my god that 9s wifey breath ass
motherfucking wifey right there oh she
says try to keep it organized baby she
organized all my drawers with sa black
gray what Oh black Wow
white socks put all my socks in a drawer
colors and patterns Tam wow she really
liked it was ready to like organize my
life and you know what I ain't even mad
though I'm ready to let you do it boo do
it do it all that's crazy PJs and shorts
Oh
oh my goodness Shinji she put all my
pants on one thing this is crazy
man if that ain't wifey material I don't
know what is bruh she's slowly just kind
of turning my place into something she
wants to move into you know that's what
it is and I ain't even mad baby I'm
ready for you I'm ready I'm here let's
go look I was about to lay up in the bed
and I got a big ass nope I'm gonna cry
hold on guys
she is not perfect look what she did the
wrong way come on my beautiful babies we
are back in Los Angeles sunny California
over here at maker recording a parody
for rude I haven't done a parody in a
long time my last parody was um cuz
you're a bigger than you know it but you
know I try to like I didn't want to be I
don't wanna be like a parody guy but you
know parodies of fun man so much fun
maybe do one like one a month or
something like that I'm out here we got
that man raff you know I'm Sam it's been
a while bro I must ask you a question
we got a super producer male in the back
and making YouTube hits son I was gonna
cut my eye nice but my friend how about
you come home where you go why you
looking like a dude girl you got me so
confused why you looking like a dude you
looking scary in every way wait am i
Gary thank girl heavy chest every legs
scary stank girl no matter what you
spray scary stay girl
not my banana sticks like after a long
after being gone for some Thanks
so after being gone for so long and like
working and Chia eating and you know
traveling you know I got to come back
get some grub you go the cholos
super-ego Eric Oh Cho what's up man
what's new bro very little space so then
the Groot titanium they're a rap group
from Thailand and New York they asked me
if I could stop by do a quick cameo in
the music video and you know I had to
show some support for my Thai yellow
brothers Tina ha mistaken
we're ready this box was so long it's
like amazing right now what's your name
bro Myles Myles stage check it out it's
slow this guy is amazing i frickin your
I love you too bro there's them
everything it's not at all listen to me
yes we left the music video shoot after
doing my quick little cameo and there's
a new Dave & Buster's that opened up in
Hollywood is 1243 on a Thursday night
and this is cracking bro it's a lot of
people up here right now
about the
you had a lot of secret
Rick play this game with me this is
tight it's like 3d it zombie horde do
what as you can see they're screaming in
there it's just crazy
it's like mad fun
is the Buster haha the rival penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
