taking the fam taking Chia hey what's up
baby taking the Chia and her parents to
Universal City Universal Studios I'm
gonna ride some rides yeah you sunburn
baby so uh now that our parents have met
and they get along
what's next for us you tell me what's
their next move you're gonna propose or
what I'm gonna put a ring you're gonna
put a ring on this on this you're gonna
put a pinkie ring on me you're gonna
lace me up
30k babe 30k on my pinky
oh my god
so it is five o'clock it's five o'clock
in the morning the conversation got
boring and ah Chia is actually gonna be
at my spot with her fam for a few more
days chillin I was supposed to be there
with them oh you are gonna stay you're
gonna stay in home on the landing
departing flights bit to the right I'm
actually flying I was hit up by some MTV
people to shoot something in
Philadelphia this weekend that's MTV one
yeah are not just MTV to anymore your
boyhood moved up and so unfortunately
that means I gotta cut the family trip
off early but you understand right babe
yes all in a day's work you know I'm
saying I'm just trying to provide for
our future family baby
departing to find flesh and my head's
not in the way so she's taken to the
airport
about to fly to Philadelphia but then
i'ma fly to Canada after I go to
Philadelphia don't tell it to you Jigga
Jigga what and you are just gonna stay
here I don't know which terminal US
Airways is
but yeah they're like a little pro out
here she's been driving out here all by
herself guys out of these LA streets
babe you're pro you ready to move out
here huh
I'm here in Philadelphia and I'm on set
for this thing I'm shooting it's kind of
secretive right now but check it out I'm
in my own trailer what's good I mean
it's not a big one but it's pretty yes
I'm out here I'm in my trailer I'm
chillin I'm just waiting to go through
wardrobe and figure out when we're gonna
be rehearsing all that shit they gave me
food I got my own private bathroom up in
the jackoff feed yo I saw something out
here on the set of this MTV thing we're
doing it's like a game show thing for
Maze Runner right
she's hi I'm Zuri hall what's up what up
and I'm co-hosting right we heard it's
it's amazing oh hi hi it's it's a maze
in the middle of a prison out here in
Philadelphia she's haunted it's crazy I
was chilling in my trailer and uh it was
like a ghost dick in my ear
LT it was crazy okay so where we at
right now Eastern State Penitentiary
Eastern State Penitentiary I'm just
waiting on my turn to do my part I got
the Maze Runner logo back there and yeah
man there's my there's my little mark
was waiting bro standing around waiting
for a part what's up man how's it going
hey and rocking it you know we out here
it's haunted
ghosty huh she's scared of the ghost
dick all right sorry what is this what's
going on behind me Maze Runner
competition special oh my god they walk
away with like two Saiyans Tim one for
me one for you too exactly what this
comes down to man let's just snatch him
up not really a stage earlier it's about
to be the crash look right yes what up
bitch guess what it is 7:00 a.m. and I
just got back to the hotel room cuz we
just wrapped like 20 minutes ago whoo
it's all good though I'm tired I'm not
even tired you know I feel good I feel
good that was my first ever thing I ever
shot with MTV the original empty
benign mtv2 I feel good man I feel great
getting paid in this swanky comfy ass
hotel bed oh yes huh take a little nap
pack my bags and then go see chi in
Canada uh-huh why knock out let me just
say I was low-key nervous man when we
first started shooting
but like this old white dude came up to
me and was like your great great energy
you're great and I was like thank you
that helped calm my nerves a little bit
you know I'm saying and then after we
got done when we wrapped another older
wider dude white dude I don't know it
might have been the same guy I was
sleepy old white guys all kind of look
alike to me and he just came out to me
and he was like he was like hey you did
you did awesome
you know what you're you're going places
you're good look good energy and I was
like thank you old white man I
appreciate that you know not gonna lie
man
a compliment from an old white dude
who's been in the business was shit is
it feels good it's a nice I'm already a
confident dude but it was a nice little
boost of confidence it's always nice to
have somebody who's been doing it to
reaffirm you and reassure you and you
know and let me know that I'm doing good
you know so thank you old white man I
love you I appreciate you not gimme my
money
you honky and mother when I was weighing
boy and I ran into hi who are you hi
disciplina and you're a fan from from
we're from Spain you watch me in Spain
yeah bro tell me why I didn't bring any
socks right because I didn't have no
clean socks back at the house and I was
like I'll just buy socks when I get back
to the hotel room in Philadelphia but I
was working the whole time I didn't have
time to buy socks so I'm wearing
yesterday's gross disgusting dirty socks
right now dude I'm so grossed out and I
was walking around the airport trying to
find regular socks where
nobody has regular socks so I got I had
to buy these it's my only option
these Barney socks right now so but it's
work I'd rather rock these then be funky
and gross feeling man okay
not gonna lie bro these shits are
comfortable
so what's up y'all Here I am back in
Canada back in cheer spot back in cheese
bed but negate you know I'm saying
giving us something special to come home
to you know what I'm saying no I'm not
naked I got drawers on no I had to cut
the the family trip short so I could get
some work done so we figure you know how
about I just afterwards I just flew in
to spend a few more days with her she's
actually not even here yet like her and
her family out from my spot earlier
today they're not back yet so I'm just
chilling waiting getting my man funk all
over her sheets so that way she can she
can smell me in her sheets when I'm not
here you know to give her something to
cuddle up with to his pillow
Oh Tim wait yes ma'am that don't smell
like that'll smell like me
I don't wear Axe body spray G I got some
splaining to do so the million dollar
Maze Runner special airs Sunday at 11
p.m. on MTV make sure y'all tune in it's
my first MTV gig so hopefully if I do
well and the ratings do well then
they'll hit me up for more stuff you
know you know me man always working
always grinding one job at a time one
day at a time one opportunity at a time
one door at a time I'm breaking them
motherfuckers down the Royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
