tonight it's the season 1 finale so we
got Wayne Brady and it is awesome
we gotta like your man cuz we supposed
to I see you in cut from the top because
he's kosher Oh everybody bless up you
need to get with this man you need to
catch up
it's time in Prague alright so uh just
got off the plane went on a meeting
straight from the airport and then I was
chilling right waiting on the uber so I
can go back home and then I a couple
like fans saw me and they're like oh hey
what's up can you take pictures yeah
that's cool and then they saw the
waiting on the uber and they look like
do you need a ride and I'll let you know
what bug it man give me a ride so now I
hopped in I hop in their car
what's up eyes on the road like you know
fucking man like if they try to rob me I
could beat them up so it's like it's
cool we're here alright so now I'm in
the back of this uh this uh it's car I
got some chips for you God take over
damn thank you okay for sure not or
butters it's lit okay so I have good
news and I have bad news okay the bad
news
that a full screen the app that my show
goin raw was on they just announced that
they're shutting down their streaming
service completely so there will be no
more full screen app in terms of
watching content and watching movies and
shows and shit like that
the good news is we shot my whole first
season already all the episodes have
dropped all thirtysomething episodes
with grand finale Wayne Brady
the goat from whose line is it anyway we
spent a hilarious freestyle we talked
about some funny shit now that my whole
shit is up you guys can use a little
free week trial from full screen beams
watch the whole shit you know I'm saying
you don't have to worry about paying for
it anymore it's all up so go go watch it
if you want I mean this shit's funny
and it's like 30-something episodes of
me just getting drunk talking shit with
some of your favorite people there's
torque in theirs we ate sushi off a
naked lady
there's strippers sometimes so go check
that out full speed now comes laughs
going wrong wants the whole shit for a
week and then delete the app fuckin
cancel your shit cuz then you can you
can only do that up until January then
the whole fucking app is just shutting
down so y'all have it's y'all have until
January to watch the whole thing right
now I'm actually on my way to a goodie
brand to shoot for our new pieces just
gonna see what Rick and Benji are up to
they like you know style the models and
make sure the shoots looking sexy ish
it's almost not bad I just so we over
here the super-secret studio shooting
some super-secret brand new goodie shit
that drops on Black Friday it's mad shit
to show you right now y'all get the
exclusive right of course we got the the
the other faces behind good
two times Ricky shucks Twitter page
modeling the brand-new I'll give you
I'll give you two seconds to figure that
out before I tell you that's right pussy
on a pedestal and we got the pussy on
the pedestal T we got this fuckin dope
ass like hockey jersey bang yeah okay
nevermind I'll cut then I'll cut down
I'll cut that okay cool okay okay so
pussy on a pedestal T okay that's not
coming out on Black Friday
no okay never mind never mind forget
forget I showed you that we got this
dope ass fucking Japanese wave t oh oh
this is so fly bro or is it gay it comes
in a lot comes in a long sleeve we got
the pussy crewneck French terry crewneck
yeah this is nice we got the wave
hoodies oh we got these fucking coat are
these dropping on the coast jackets whoa
black flex Oh fire let's go get some
behind-the-scenes of this shoot right
now
the elephant is jammed
who you bother now
yeah let's go bro Vickers yes put your
you mean I'm sandy with the brand-new
ugly shit mm-hmm-hmm
so glad you there
so yeah man you know 2017 I feel like
was a year for a building building
making quiet moves 2018 I plan to make
noise you know I'm saying mm if he was
gonna be I know easy year you Billy Oh
are these black party two for this yeah
totally it's okay you know we bring in
the annoyed hatchback the last time all
my oh these are beautiful
okay let's way know a table a so I
really feel like we are here we are you
look I know people never say that but
2018 this is our year baby
get ready make it move what's up y'all
selves out here in Long Beach about to
shoot this like super special skin I'm
actually but it's like it's like a mad
dash right now we're trying to figure
out where to go because like the dude
I'm collaborating with like he's about
to do a show right now and but we got to
knock out these skits I got this cool
gentleman here who I just met what's up
guys look good and now we're just trying
to figure out where to go and and and
we're like is the entrance uh on some
random shit I went to go grab a drink
before before keV goes onstage and and
and and this is a crazy serie okay look
I ran into yo so this man I manage they
like it they like it'll reel as long as
I've been doing this shit if people were
like in my comments talking about like
did you get your name from did I get all
the reggaeton say some like
and it was yes it's crazy that I looked
up an interview with you a long time ago
my first start in the comments and I saw
you say you got it on the brain yeah
same thing lies and now we happen to be
first time yesterday like arrows coming
together look oh we do stings numbers
right now see bro hello history that's
great alright so we just knocked out
this special collaboration with the man
himself good how are you man yo I just
saw something coming back to you yeah
and then go back to me uh-huh I'm taller
than somebody I'm hey you just got it
depends on the angle seen that oh you're
right
that is shoot I think you lost it me
yeah I don't know wasn't angry you
shadow not definitely drop down on us
there we go regardless I you a
regardless we're together which means
that we're cooking up some funny you
know never cooking up some funny got me
9 times out of 10 you guys need to eat
what we're cooking you know love that
was a play damn my native invoice a bit
of you wanna just jokes in a pot is a
prequel to soul plane so train is gonna
play nut we're not doing a pre cool oh
shit Amy's over all right okay what do
you boys do every week to get so messy
yes boy this pants with your pants you
know silly boys how are you mrs. sure
water Ricky you know just doing my thing
Oh what I'm good keeping busy
actually mrs. Shearwater cuz you got
come clean over here I know what this is
about
yeah okay I see the way you've been
looking at me Ricky I see could you stop
right there actually
hey what is that a piece of ham
make me feel bad whoa whoa what's going
on what is this no no no no no no no how
did you do that
how did you do that how are you her and
you what did you do man will you talk
about I caught you trying to pretend to
be mrs. sure excuse me miss um sir I
don't know I don't know what my friend
is doing here what the whoa are you okay
oh I'm sorry I'm like I'm sorry oh lady
I'm sorry I know that was you it had to
be you because you can't wink in the
last time it was you is that the lovely
mrs. Shearwater you keep talking about
you shut up man
well she didn't do a very good job she
left a mess come on you guys stop
painting her bro see you winking again
huh
