as y'all know I got a show over here at
the University walk at the Jon Lovitz
theater y'all may not know that but
coming here to soundcheck and we got
like a die-hard the only person here
waiting she's mad early it's okay she
thought I was gonna be lying it's not
thank you what's your name
Danielle Danielle were you from I'm from
Riverside Thank You girl thank you I
appreciate it thank you for new media
rockstars show we live right now Elaine
is Lord
and you know I sit in something you
don't say
iid up here and we just made up a song
about her from the audience
cuz I heard you 18 it's not hard to do
this man's been watching me since he was
nine years old I have youtube.com slash
Evans the shit EBA and Zee tha and say
to Whitey's pretty light-skinned how can
you not subscribe what's your name
brother I'm Jesse Jesse Jesse already
bought the merchant shit show man
doggles bill was good was good so I got
fans of all kinds you know I'm saying
not just tiny asian sorry I got scary
fucking fans too what's up bro are you
from oh yeah thanks for coming through
oh my god oh my god we got vine stars up
here guys
hey you know man a shuttle to you for
holding down vine for the Asian dudes
bro saying kick it how old are you going
for 25 20 carrying in my footsteps in
shit I can't vine for shit you know I'm
saying
but this dude's got me and Andrew me and
Anju made of us we brought her on stage
as a volunteer we made up a song about
her we we sang but let me see your
titties song kind of about her
so it's okay come and your friend hi and
she's worked on stage we are like happy
birthday oh you guys surprise time so
nice now you're gonna ask me to be in
the baggage you don't know what to say
millions of people are gonna see this
100 100 200 thousand what about your
other two million that's on the main
channel is the blog hate that hate that
dude oh no no I love them I love them I
love you anybody the end of the line the
last person in the line they say the
best relax
yeah
honey honey crack cocaine no I call my
friends cry guys all the time right
crack it we never do it again
okay bro you're on speaker hey I love
you too bro Andy fucking way in from
Houston thanks for the support bro how
many how many
oh my god what are you guys from thank
you so my cousin finally had my baby how
was it baby yes Tyler don't wake them up
such a little pimp back at my fans house
for Monday Sunday Funday
as always my mom made my favorite food
when I was growing up as a young in this
right here is basically just like
steamed chicken it's like a whole
chicken to steam but you know there's
like flavors in there different like
things that it was steamed with like I
don't know what's in there but it's good
right
hey Dad my dad's already drunk what that
is turnt up yeah it's celebration time
hey turn up turn up we got some oh it's
a squid theywill squid salad with young
family some shrimp yum cool I mean it's
it's YUM oh no that means like yeah and
rest in peace Robin Williams
oh yes who you robbing me man
me too I'm sad too
I didn't I didn't mean to like working
all that I was just talking about
marking Mindy Mork and Mindy
Dead Poets Society the world according
to cops who look for it yes the best
movies yeah man I was actually super sad
like I grew up watching working Mindy on
Nick at Nite mrs. Doubtfire I used to
watch this Comedy Central special every
day when Comedy Central wasn't even
playing like original content it was
comedy specials Robin Williams man why
you're a manageable hi how's it going
and were you I'm Elliott Morgan you just
want an episode of monumental no see and
where can we are you i'm andy Goldenberg
also known as golden tusk I'm also here
at Mashable hi sweet and what are we
doing
say what what are we doing here right
now you guys just debated the top four
sequels of all time yeah yeah I disagree
I disagree with some of it guys but oh
shit a stone you can't change it since
no oh it look I saw I got this cool
people in my house right now write about
this interview hi behind the scenes what
is this what is it
lifestyles and the instafamous okay okay
so we knew instantly famous right I mean
you know eight years later on YouTube
but something like that Mayor Beth is
here and she's going through my
leftovers and cooking me some breakfast
I appreciate that thank you
what's up man we got we got a bunch of
people in my house what's up what's up
it's the behind-the-scenes vlog camera
we look good look good
so MB Mary Beth cooked me this bomb
little spicy sausage burrito right guys
she cooks she cleans she sucks on me
I don't I don't know I was just assuming
the Royal penis clean your highness
Thank You King shit these dudes are
putting together this film and they need
your help it's begun it
hey my name's Jerry maravilla I'm the
writer director of this film called
cross it's about a Filipino backyard
boxer Santa San Fernando Valley trying
to help representation Filipino
Americans and Mexican Americans in film
I met this guy Jason Levin destroyed NL
and he's gonna play the lead character
sexy oh yeah we're trying to raise
$15,000 to shoot the short film it's not
even a lot we we've already raised over
$6,500 we're just trying to get the word
out help spread it you know people who
want a better type of media out there if
you like Filipinos and if you like
Mexicans and if you like boxes and if
you like British dudes help them out
I'll put a link go see you spark Icom
slash studio / cross tell your mum tell
your friends tell anybody a little
listen free rich Jerry bitch
