guys didn't know Chea loves judge judy
like is obsessed like like DVRs that
shit watches like everyday fucking love
judge judy alright so i told her we
would go find all light I told her we
would go find the Judge Judy star we
were gonna go oh what'd I say okay okay
she's like babe can we please go find
Judge Judy star on the Walk of Fame so
that's where we're going right now you
excited Sheen accomplished here we go
judge there's a judge is this a judge
Judge Judy Scheindlin baby excited guys
guess what weird is Neil and seems as
though there's a sexy little mix chick
following me I'm trying to be a decently
Obama you I'm trying to do my job you
don't have a lazy eye and you would
never be the up I will fuck you up if it
was like my character versus your
character in a video game I would be the
stronger character you really good
character like thank you I would be
scorpion and you would be Jax okay
nobody chooses Sonya Blade yeah typical
girl
Wan Jia totally beat me at this game
right now her first time playing I
thought I was gonna kill her all that yo
get $20 on it whoever gets the highest
score wins
I let her win
and they're green when the evil Chia
attacks these turtle boys won't cut her
no slack
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle power
vo these Donatello does machines cool
give me a break Michelangelo fight with
your chick
take her to a DSW shoe store and just
let her run wild literally ten minutes
ago we were like choking each other on
the edge of breaking up right yeah of
course of course ncab babe hashtag
auntie abs nothing to a boss baby get 20
pairs of shoes so yeah like I said we
were in the middle of a fight we were
like I found like some boxer briefs in
her purse she's found some panties in my
condo we were like ready to break up his
shit and then I was like hey babe
you wanna buy some shoes you want some
shoes and she was like yes I forgive you
because in Canada they don't have shoes
they just wear a little like they strap
like moose leather to their soles of
their feet
moose leather and like maple leaf it's a
crumpled maple leaf that they that they
they bond bind together with fertilized
maple syrup and then what happens
here's a case y'all didn't know Hsieh
like buying shoes that's why we're soul
mates I'm recording you but yes okay so
if you guys remember like months and
months ago I did like a charity
livestream for the earthquakes that
happened in the Philippines know a
typhoon was a typhoon in the Philippines
and then I did like a livestream with
Andrew we got like drunk and were taking
shots and like with certain people that
bought that donated a certain amount of
money they would get a Skype call
so like finally I'm skyping with these
dudes they bought a Skype call off me so
hold on check out is used to please cool
anything else so we ship Chia back to
Canada we FedEx her put her in a
sexy-ass box sent her back to Canadia
this morning and now tonight I go watch
the Ninja Turtle movie with my boys if
you didn't know I love the Ninja Turtles
I've been a huge fan since I was a
little kid check it out this is not no
bandwagon shit you know I'm saying I got
like a little these little bobblehead
figurines here I have like every single
movie hold on hold on holla holla holla
holla we dem Boyz boom I got Ninja
Turtles 1 2 & 3 & TMNT the CGI 1 which
came out a few years ago which is
actually really dope and so you know I
can't just go to the Ninja Turtles
dressed regular you don't saying I got
my ninja turtle onesie on I'm Raphael
right now you know humph and I he was
cool but rude give me a break underneath
I got my needs a turtle's t-shirt on you
know I'm saying green and then hold on
hold on and then underneath that right
check it out check it out I got my ninja
turtle pajama pants on you know I'm
saying
and then underneath that you know I'm
saying I got my ninja turtle boxers on
no trying to make sure my dick don't pop
out though like a little turtle head
poking out you don't say hey girl how
about how about you play with my ninja
turtle and you come playing my oath
about about watching the Ninja Turtle
movie I loved it
Eric Eric Eric and kind of enjoyed it
Peter how you feel bruh look after the
first 20 minutes it was amazing
every second the turtles were there I
liked all that says Rick dad just can't
see me I'm there I'm right here guys
that shit was done Karla Karla how'd you
like it I choose the whole time
Cowabunga record him okay so our
homegirls Mariah and Natasha they're
gonna be moving
going off doing things soon so we went
to go get some wings and she was like
hey have you ever done eat one we were
one bite being and I was like no I've
never done that but I'm gonna try and
she said she's gonna try it no we won't
see if we can eat the wing one bite
whoa the Royal penis is clean your
highness thank you
King shit
