I'm tired bro I won't cook like they got
me waking up alright so I'm sitting in
my little interview seat here trying to
pick like a cool background for to be
behind me while I'm doing this thing
it's cool man I feel like a real like
news anchor right oh my gosh cool like
what were you gonna put back there
something romantic no cool scones nice
wow that's cool so yeah yeah everyone
say hi back up in his dish getting some
did some pokey some cocaine and hi she
was here last time I was here and she's
so excited all the time uh Tuesday the
5th August man happy birthday thank you
ok 22 hey turn table what are we gonna
be birthday um I'm gonna be working but
then we're all gonna do karaoke and get
drunk I'm down yeah
so concede has never been the Venice
Beach I'm now and loving it he will have
in it swimming he ate some rice bowl no
good he has some fried Oreos where you
guys say hi you guys from sweet sanho
305 sharks it's been a beautiful week
man full of lots of just great moments
and good times and just to top it all
off my baby
it flies in right now my baby oh my god
guys guess who's back in the
motherfucking house oh my goodness my
baby
how's it feel to be back huh no you
messed up my come on
I bet oh alright so we are dressed and
sexy and ready to go to this jay-z and
Beyonce concert excited they yeah
Monica chill oh I'm Shana vlog with the
amount of money I pay for these tickets
Beyonce needs to come down and give me a
handjob jze needs to suck on Shias toes
right babe huh
- what Oh we're super we're so close
guys we better be anyways we but we
gonna find out ready you were gonna
you're gonna feel Jay Z's like forehead
sweat on your testicular his smegma is
gonna be all in your face
yo that shit was a mission these people
okay watch tuples in your nectar our
mates briefcase 48 tactics circle of
life topic replay sure BBS couple six
top pick sweets
shit
but you said my son
so I got to the restaurant right and the
whole the only people here right now are
like fans of the videos what you guys do
guys watch the videos right okay for so
yeah let the sub bro where you from Long
Beach Long Beach Fresno where you guys
from okay okay what's up what's up
what's up what's up bro you doing this
Toronto yeah jr. he's like super swole
competitiveness shit if y'all need to
get trained and get biggest shit hit him
I got my favorite things in the world I
got the Cali sunshine I got my girl I
got the Ninja Turtles it's rough I yell
babe oh she's almost perfect guys almost
I know I know baby I know you know the
difference okay what color is the blue
one
people are we're up here
oh it's it something's happening behind
this someone's like getting a ticket I
don't even know what's happening so
since I've racked up so many points on
Expedia flying around to Canada flying
her to LA we I got this free hotel room
for the night it's right on Huntington
Beach check it out
a little beach view today gloomy and
breezy rooms pretty sweet can't complain
for some free hotel in as long as that
ho ain't telling right babe not you my
side shakes of course then come on duh
no side shakes no side shakes no side
shakes no stall
a wonderful day the day our love we've
been together for almost three years now
yeah all that toast to true love
joining of two souls into one
actually there's a way you just twist it
and it will pop up and go crazy but what
if it spills everywhere the hotel room
Mary Swanson Samsonite some bubbly
for my baby with her bubbly bottom the
Royal penis is clean your highness Thank
You King shit
