yo Los Angeles Universal City area mean
Andrew Garcia have a show together
in Universal City at the Jon Lovitz
theater on August August 9th is that
like 2 o'clock come watch us perform and
stuff he's gonna be singing I'm gonna be
rapping I'm gonna be same funny shit
info ticket info in my downstairs area
what up back on set shooting another
skip you guys remember the what are you
shitting me I'm vlogging you guys
remember the what men think versus well
women think skit I did about it I don't
know how long ago that was with Danny we
shooting a sequel it's bigger and better
my pimples are bigger and brighter it's
real serious today we got Danny in the
makeup chair hey what's up how you
feeling how you feeling how you feeling
I'm good so do my makeup
what's what's up and who does your
makeup I Oh crazy cuz we got enough of
makeup person here what were you what's
going on yo does this make a person do
this makeup person's makeup never both
Michelle's oh shit Michel my bell that's
this fun fun oh yes yeah we got the new
Danny real goodie collaboration teeth or
tanks booby shop for the vlog viewers
I got Shaw in the middle of the scene
right now like we on this date you know
I'm saying and it's like we had this
restaurant jammed on skips all day bitch
nobody'll notice on this one I don't
think we can get up in the face Mo's up
so it doesn't matter I gotta fix my
house I'm sorry
alright guys so for this next scene I
gotta get greased up to pretend to be
sex before the scene right here I'm not
gonna tell you all what it's about what
you know what's crazy I found out that
if you get really shiny
you look blah low-key so thank you Thank
You Michelle for greasing me up Michel
no I'm just gonna show the other girls
yeah yeah yeah Danny I'm sorry and Danny
as she's switching to her regular outfit
I am trying to get thumbnails oh okay
you give me the thumbnails give me the
thumbnail Queen oh wait we gotta get
that good light if I want the club there
there you go thumbnail Queen get it you
already know nice
you may even go if you sign it yeah
Michelle okay
it's working
goods on it helping its flow get it slow
but now we are frozen up so let's get
home we keep out of the day and we got
Danny over here on my car seats this is
the this is the sexy car wash scene John
fucking ah Danny fucking we go
get it Danny get it girl get it girl get
it girls
so back on set
another day another skit but today we're
here for
Rick's Channel oh thank you
okay do it again today we're here for
Rick's Channel okay so today we're here
for Rick's channel so today was on
cameras today we got to Canon 364 5
Zoomer Canon White Knight shark 300 and
the Canon yellow fever janitor that's my
face and we got laid-back shooting shit
what's up man
so ever since my video of me paying off
my parents house dropped like shit's
been crazy bro like that shit went
everywhere it was on the front page of
Yahoo news it was I got interviewed by
like ABC News
USA Today you're ruining my blog USA
today it was on Good Morning America
this morning right now I'm actually go
ahead go ahead go ahead go ahead right
now I'm actually on my way to the house
because Inside Edition wants to
interview me and my fam it's crazy
they're like it's crazy to see my good
deed that I honestly just wanted to do
inspire so many people to want to like
take care of their parents and show love
to their families and stuff man it's
pretty dope it's pretty though and you
know I'm saying getting a little views
off it ain't too bad either
guess what look who's all in my fans
house right now
Inside Edition oh my god oh my gosh oh
my oh thank you sweet well hey thanks
for having me
the big moment 15 15 seconds so I'll
wrap that interview this morning for
Inside Edition with the fam and I had to
go right to a shoot shooting with uh
some homies I'm gonna try a rap corner
mmm
Monica well they're shooting this skit
Cynthia goodnight you know it fine tree
to find your light find your light light
skin okay so I went from that skit with
Jace no to another skit for me and I
asked the lovely Cynthia to come be a
part of it yay we got Rick here waiting
on his part
yay and yeah man all day grind all day
skips all day selfies all day it's not
that long as soon as she
and chato and Cerritos right and look
what's on the TV yo no flex zone so I
guess that's why my feet hurt ah she's
gonna be a rapper soon guys so after a
long day of shooting skits and shit and
meetings and whatnot I'm over here at
Steve's photography studio so Brad said
Brad and Danny wanted to shoot some like
promotional pictures for this skit we
got coming out it's probably out right
now actually if this vlog is this vlog
is up then the then the skit is up so go
watch that on my main channel it's so
funny right yeah it's more sexual if
anything yeah and funny sexual and funny
like me you know so after a long-ass day
what better to do and come home eat some
edamame and watch myself on while and
out wow wow wow
I am funny the Royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit okay this
is too quiet is this awkward quick after
a question but don't look at her boobies
so shit have you dog done anything fun
this summer
