Rick are taking a random chip to San
Diago whale's vagina just cuz just you
know sometimes just feel like going away
and we all hotel hookup so we're going
away but tittays tittes yesterday i
tweeted was a good spot to eat in
downtown san diego clearing our children
I'm Sam
got a lot of suggestions but one of the
main suggestions was a spot called
underbelly ramen so that's where we at
right now so right here is the belly of
the beast we got some soft-boiled eggs
some oxtail dumplings some brisket some
short rib God's got to get a beer you
know I'm saying I don't like that shit
but she had got any liking it and how's
that ramen dog it's cool it's cool but
my books we ran into some some
supporters sup hey what's up some yeah
what's up bro I got trying to camera
upwards right now those DG's oh all day
all day okay
eat though yay bromance bromance
everyone that song dude
Rick's beer it's so soft especially
against your cheek I use hugging a boy
we go
what oh boy we can do oh okay
okay cuz they got soft facial hairs
what'd you say yeah okay okay
oh good hair oh okay okay okay okay now
I get it and as we say goodbye to San
Diego we say goodbye to the giant white
titty
say who so soon as me Rick got back from
San Diego I had a shoot scheduled so
we're here in the hot hot Sun in the
back of Thai smile yo shoot
motherfucking videos shit all day you
know I'm saying um so we're in the
hot-ass Sun at the hottest day shooting
this skit I finally put Pablo in a skate
what's up man how are you bro you might
have seen him the superego videos he's
been cut from some PD flow videos but
we're not cutting them from my video
okay some guys I'm out here on set for
um Wong foo Films production it's like
your first like you're like like major
it's like our first like real movie
movie first like we're doing real
full-on future trying to get on that
level we're trying to get on your hey
bro but you know we got a beef so we go
we a literal literal literally we've hit
so that a squash game was much no Phil I
wrote me a tiny part in this movie and I
had to pay $10,000 in sag fees to be
here though oh my god was yeah I'm a SAG
member now guys I don't even know that
means but I'm here what you know and the
role you're playing is oh you're playing
a guy who can't get into a club I
haven't read the script okay no I have
that was Jim but that's that's your this
like every Saturday night for you
register god I can't get into a club I
was until I became internet famous I
mean he walks straight up you walk
straight to the front he says don't move
mush
I'm right up front you did oh but just
like that I woke up right now I'm like
dude Jean Ami's subscribers I have on
YouTube and they go back of the line
ready subscribers mean everything it's
everything in life
hashtag aggregating hashtags at life
hashtag
gratata god like rice rise & grind
high-tech personal direct team no sleep
hashtag pisces Hollywood look
motherfuckers I'm in Hollywood I'm
driving around and I got out my iPhone
and I'm recording because I made YouTube
blogs good afternoon everyone
so I be cop konnichiwa annyeong haseyo
wha gwaan hola um hi I'm out here in
Hollywood you know just I'm heading
towards this interview with Vlad TV but
see these like a like an urban hip-hop
news website and Vlad TV has actually
been effing with me for a long time be
like posting my videos a long-ass time
ago back in like the IROC ones these
days so it's kind of cool to finally get
an interview with them you know um
constantly be stayed up last night's
like 5 a.m. bullshitting jacking off you
know alright so I just wrap my interview
with a DJ flat what's up dog what's up
it's good bro thanks for having me
appreciate it thank you they for coming
through yeah alright that's it Oh y'all
morning morning or afternoon rather
heading to Malibu right now for an
incredible pool party barbecue
incredible as in the company not the
adjective who knows it could be both
here with my boy Julian from Vegas and
high school here with my boy Rick from
five minutes from my house and high
school and I'm going to the pool party
traffic's crazy right now and the cars
are all stopped up ha we all here what
up man though start up
good and I say wrong I was ready to
party let me come again but final fuck
is over sorry cuz I some fun pool party
middle finger up if I hater don't like
me my side chick still look better than
your wifey bra
bitches turn around like the voice I
contact in the panties getting moist
dick so pretty that she wanna get a lick
of it pineapple juice up in my cup and
consider red ah she lookin kind of
ratchet twerking on vine she get a lot
of practice text one time not she's
twerking on my mattress booty way fatter
in person catfish I'm super excited
right now because I'm actually on my way
to my fans house to Surprise them with
the check for the mortgage to pay off
the house the actual video will be on my
main channel it's probably up right now
if you want to go check that out and um
yeah man
without being too repetitive you know
this is something I've been working
towards for a long time my parents work
so so hard and one of the main reasons I
grind so hard is that so they don't have
to work what's up bruh oh yeah I'm the
biggest fan thanks bro
thanks guys what's your name I'm
Sebastian so tonight hey Joe cool
thanks watching man hey ro please man
hey yeah ready man so now you can take a
vacation you could take a little break
am I the best son in the world or was he
just paid off the mortgage for us man
I've been trying to do it I told you I'd
do it but then with or without it you
know YouTube is something bigs dad the
check make it a little bit new son yeah
yeah they're gonna go upstairs they're
gonna make a new son so they can get
some more money okay love you guys cool
yeah
Yolo Yolo it's the dinner it's
dinnertime Sunday Monday Monday
everybody's extra happy
today right why why because one of us
paid off the market yes which one team
man my favorite son turn up to now turn
turn yeah gia she and she is cheese
coming your kids coming this week
actually so we got some we got some
salmon and we got some mussels
we got a steak over here getting cooked
up you know I'm saying um yeah celebrate
we are you in it yeah Yolo as you know
today we celebrating what Tim does for
us you know pay off the mortgage but I
want to I want to say you know to our
kids
doesn't have to be hundred thousand two
hundred thousand no nothing like that
anything count a hug a kiss a call is
make as much to the parents happy
happiness it can be all sides it's a
hard count I think so agree so this was
a super special day for me a really big
moment in my life I've been working
towards this for years and of course it
wouldn't be possible if you guys weren't
so supportive of what I do and if you
didn't show me so much love and kept
watching my videos and I thank you so
much and I'm so appreciative of
everybody who else with me and supports
me and let me tell you let me tell you I
did not tear up I didn't tear up until
when after the camera was off and my mom
hugged me and she was like finally I can
relax like finally I can take a break
and that just made me like that hit me
right in the fields as the young
say because like she's always talking
about how much she has to work and how
much she never gets a break and the fact
that she finally felt like she could
take a moment and relax
yo made me so happy bro that's the type
of shit makes it all worth it alright
thank you guys peace have a good night
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit I have a surprise
for you
mm-hmm-hmm okay ready what do you think
it is Nevada been a lie Arkham I don't
know I knew it
