so it's Monday Sunday Funday we out here
you know I'm Sam
she's four good morning you sexy little
freaks I'm flying again I'm flying again
this time I have an event in Dallas
Texas with Danny real she's part of the
family now she's my little distant
cousin second cuz do they get teaching
her a little bit of Thai you know I
didn't did I teach you anything oh oh
she's not she's lying everybody wants to
be Thai you know right that yeah but
that's the show but that's over except
for I'm sitting shotgun and yeah man we
got a vein Dallas we got a
meet-and-greet
we got a club event and then then you go
back to back to back to Canada hat
it's our first time
she's so annoying
express your boring
I thought the ribs would be me about
time I got angry and I was wrong so
they're making me take a double shot
and chillin right now but this one might
do a little bit of damage to be honest
real quick real quick all right got it
so Thomas Beck Danny real whoa like a
man right
I feel no like a I feel about that we
are at st. tell us we're at say we took
an alibi truth an alibi for club
speaking if you for prostitution whore
house turn up spa
oh my god okay what's a gwaan Dallas
watch out one bumbaclot Rudeboy rustic
lat yourself we aren't a way to the
Dallas meeting great meet and greet and
but it will be great okay we're late
we're late why are we late Bua it's all
my fault I have up like this she won't
go like this but I had to get my makeup
in my hair in hand um I had to put on
three Spanx I have three layers of Spanx
on right now I have three lenses bangs
on to keep everything tight but it's
meet-and-greet what's up dawg you go
home it's like a line around the block
or what more than a line more than
around the buck yeah yeah okay me t
greets me t Greed's okay so we just
started the meeting green salad to my my
cousin development in Temecula
California but so so this dude's girl
what's your name so
Sophia got mad cuz why I love big booty
and why do you blame me for that though
because he loved because he says he
appreciates it not luck
Sophia just cuz he appreciates a big
booty huh doesn't mean he doesn't love
you I love okay looking at the booty has
nothing but he loves your booty and your
heart you know I'm saying and your booty
alright so meet and greet what's up oh
he's great who is great individuals
thank you for buying the old day
my business partner thank you for
bringing them so now we add this pool
party name Brody Jenner and DJ boop us
thanks for bringing me out right long
day and we're finally going to the club
event club event club Zook turn up turn
up turn up turn up we're going super
cash you know saying real quick and we
got sweats on and sneakers on and we
look so cool go to sleep we look like
the coolest sleepers in the sleep sleep
sleep turn up oh yeah Dallas get ready
Canadian and so this restaurant right we
ordered oh let me start over again I got
mad life oh shit
so we're at this restaurant right and
we're eating with contest winners
Danielle we're heating with the contest
winners
and so they ordered us right we got is a
pig it's a whole it's a whole pig and
hey I'm vlogging I'm totally in this is
about to be crazy
we got the shrimp and grits on deck we'd
love to go in all right and the kill
Sally you already know I'm talking a
sexy you already know gotta feel Sally
yo
aye aye aye
so many
i'ma let you know that
all right so I just got off the plane
from Dallas trying to get some noodles
and ran into a table of some smiling
young people and I assume they were fans
but like they want to take pictures
what's up right thank you mom and dad
for bringing those day the Royal penis
of clean your highness thank you King
shit girl I'd go so hard you're gonna be
Bulbasaur in the morning you know what
sore I both Bulbasaur you're gonna be
sore and morning from the rough sex
