good morning good morning it's a
beautiful day in LA as you
I'm currently late to a potentially
important meeting so I'm stupid I'm
always late you know me I'm not it's not
that traffic man that traffic sucks and
I'm not talking about the bad asian
rapper I'm talking about that LA traffic
you don't say and um I'm about 15
minutes late right now it's I'm not
gonna tell you about the meeting because
you know I don't like to drink shit and
I feel like everybody's just constantly
talking about I got big things coming up
yo just wait oh I got this going on I
got that going on and then you know just
when everybody's doing that it's not
special anymore you know I'm saying it's
like okay everybody has shit going on
but I'm just going to say I'm going to a
meeting and I put on a shirt with a
collar on it because I want to look a
little even a little more professional
didn't wear a hat today did my hair and
Yemen so hope it goes well
and I ran into what's up bro what's your
name Chris Chris will subdued um how's
it going good
Nick nervous nervous yes cuz uh cuz you
watch the videos mm-hmm sweet yeah
thanks man healthy bro
13:13 I lady 13 year old ladies get at
this dude he's a good dude
and yes he's as tall as me motherfuckers
hey Mike what's up what's up you watched
my videos too yeah hell yeah all day all
day all day thank you thank you bye hey
what's up bro
yeah you win a two dog you in the -
what's up so yeah yeah so yeah well good
was good
I started a little bit but y'all got
without saying so I'm back in LA you
know another day grinding trying to get
some shit done today I'm heading to the
studio to put down a verse from a
homegirls song named Sonia Elise hello
hi it's her birthday hey hey it's her
birthday and she has a song called fuck
it well which is dope and I assume you
have to get on the remix fucking girl
and so mama I'm gonna do my person and
which I'm gonna try and shoot this video
soon soon party coming hey we in the
studio I'm in the studio again with mr.
jukebox where my heart used to be yo
hello Jase no pro so yaeko come come
come up in the studio get a blow oh you
should I have a rose hey I just did my
for oh my goodness so romantic hey
what's up bro where you let him know
these Styles all happy yeah so I just
put down my verse for her track in the
hollow hey get that get it hey let them
know you are gay get it
oh so I left I left my studio session
that came straight here through the
traffic for this shit I don't always go
right here straight Yeah right huh they
got me a live stream
yeah and they trying to get me drunk and
all that social trial I heard we were
talking about his tank Gooch no taint is
on our sorry guys well sometimes if it's
really cold outside I can't tell the
difference if you don't goo cheese in
between the balls and and butthole Oh
meet a something I I wrote like on my
bike for like 25 miles right and I got a
walkway to my couch was so wet it was
filled with duck sauce sorry duck sauce
I'm sure really impressed when I travel
wait I had to introduce you know about
this bum at the boiling crab I hear
Koreatown and I ran to what's the man I
ran solo yeah okay grabbing some boiling
crab with my homegirl Brenda and win and
it seems to make youtube videos he
doesn't anymore she sings though she's
like super cute tiny boys when she sees
oh yeah boy crap we getting some well
wasters you know I'm saying I like
you're wrong you know I'm saying raw and
spicy you know so I'm back on a set a
green screen as you can see but today
I'm here with bad weather Phil true they
wrote like a really funny skit that uh
that for me and you guys know I usually
hate other people's shit
that they write for me but this shit was
funny so thanks guys
we like to masturbate a lot so it's
pretty easy is the best oh this gets
about masturbating just he's not just
saying that and we did it for fun yeah
that's great now I'm on my way to SPO
calm which is like a big an import car
import model thing
got me judging this go go go go girl
dancer battle brought I brought a Rick
with me oh my god and I've been spotted
what's up bro what's up man I was going
Disney man is that why you got that hat
on so cool
Oh for so we might stop by actually bro
6:45 all right my man
I was like I really hope that do I was
gonna make a safari joke cuz he was
wearing that hat I think that's just
inside there yeah they don't weirdos at
the meadow you are my two kids in the
back it's a my okay so fuck it
he buggy I am no trusting cuz everything
looks dust
hey let's fucking go fucking fucking go
fuck we bought the toy go go
all right we got with my business this
way necro ones going to be on this side
judges okay number two is on this side
we're going to put thirty seconds and
they're both gonna Duke it out and the
judges will pick the winner
fuckin go fuck we're gonna clap take
that sutorius mom couldn't help it that
leave it again
they will GU what we want to hear that
again man you know what I like to eat
son Bodie show me how your booty shake
booty say show me show me how your booty
say show me how your booty booty booty
tastes good
nobody takes home her number to my being
great what's up bro let's go with road
was good
great it's crazy right now it's crazy
it's crazy but what is your blog
Shelly Solorio go check it out do
subscribe 1 the Go Go content and but
that's not because I was judging she
actually killed it unbiased I'm telling
my luck I ripped my time she ripped her
taste she was going so hard luck sahibu
luck see move get it get it get that get
that get the head the Royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
what that ABCD efg hijk LMNOP w a maybe
winter see my do see how my girl gave me
a CD
okay maybe one time first it was just
you in our need you my heir you said why
there's so many
it'll be huh next time won't you sing
with me next time won't you sing with me
ABCD
