boom hitting you with that myspace angle
yeah I got pimples I popped them they
got scars after we flew back from London
we decided that you know how about I fly
to Canada for a big kick it at Shias
spot and you know just spent some time
together cuz you know we miss each other
we love each other as shit and she's
gonna work all day though right she's
about to come home she's been doing
nails all day waxing vaginas and
coochies and shit that's the same thing
so I'm doing a little cooking for BAE as
they say whip together a little salad
you know I'm saying it's like tomatoes
and there's a little avocado I crunched
up some salt and vinegar chips for
texture warmed up some chicken wings
that was in the freezer you know I'm
saying that's the honey garlic right
there also through some gumbo in the
microwave it's actually bomb so there
you go cooking for babe did you enjoy my
dinner I cooked for you
delicious satisfied would you like for
dessert I might not have a blizzard but
I got some sweet man with ice cream on
top alone again in my girl's house what
to do yes
chicken livers down No
all that house renovate an ass girl she
is mom is giving you a facial and her
mom is a spot Hsieh prepped me no you
can't so what am i doing right now
you're steaming so we can extract I knew
it
this is what she did to me because chia
loves white guys look what she did to me
guys oh she's trying to bleach my skin
cuz gia love Y dudes are they no no no
no no I would be looking real cute after
it is right here
all right well after spending some time
in gia town and after spending like two
straight weeks together I'm finally
going home you know we went London and
then I land in gia town and now I'm gone
home and baby we don't even hate each
other
sick of me I'm not shaking you it's a
beautiful thing this is like the longest
amount of straight up time we spent
together like it was like 24/7 for like
two weeks kind of crazy and Chia we made
it
plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan
plan
now it's time to go home time to make
some more videos time to make some more
music hopefully I'm funny on this beach
while but now cuz that rick ross one was
not a good one hey let me tell you guys
real quick when they were like yo ty
rick ross episode is gonna be the season
premiere I was like no why not have the
sold because that episode I was tired I
knew I was wacked
DJ Dirac was hating on all my answers
but what can you do anyways yeah
so you know what it is I'm back from my
travels that I'm out here Monday Sunday
Funday with the fam pack some Chi Minh
sushi man got mom
thumbs up my super pregnant cousin hi
who's about to pop she's about to pop
all over this food right now about to
have a little she's gonna name it Tim
after me right
Tim Timmy good morning everyone you know
as always back to the grind shooting
more stuff I'm doing more womp womp
shows and guys the one I just did is way
funnier than the first one I don't the
first one was kind of meh
alright I know I know that but this one
was way better we got better ones coming
as always John fucking nah so guys he's
married now guys and girls Bryce what up
and check this out this is answer in
answering the NFL
this is this is Annabelle the intern and
oh and and she vlogs as well you can be
one of her first subscribers what's your
channel it's animalistic two ends one
else hell yeah I'm gonna put it right
here too I don't and then I oh we have
someone new here you have to be the
hello how are you good Wow so I'm in
downtown LA left-left my shoot at my
spot came to downtown LA to shoot some
stuff it's going the is a channel not I
say the not ISA the movie I was in by is
a the international secret agents
channel which is a separate thing I'm
here angry Asian man vlog
yeah what's really he's like topic
discussions show thing I'm here with a
while now alum erotica we've graduated
Oh
oh yeah go watches oh yes that's the
best it's the end and not not Asians are
allowed to go to Sherman Oaks brown
paper tickets brown paper tickets for
the ground sexy girls alright oh Jenny
from the block hey when's that music
video for for that rock star song it's
going to come out at the end of the
month are you serious yeah I was I was
in this collaboration with with his
bands and just kidding films and apps
school specials name of the band and and
and just kidding guys and like like
bunch of other rappers and stuff we did
this song and I swear it's like three
years ago was it written literally three
years ago guys and the video is finally
coming out we'll look for that oh and
don't found it in it so it's legit just
say you love my videos okay you're
awesome thank you y'all just saw two
kids sitting on the street eating some a
latte and I'm like I'm bout to drive
around my block looking for the corn man
right now I've been out of LA for like
two weeks and I need some fucking nexi
corn haha got his ass send me a piece of
that garden so if y'all confused as to
what this is from the East Coast and you
don't know it's a latte which is corn
covered in crema and Mexican cream some
chili some cheese and it's just bomb
it's just a bomb the Royal penis is
clean your highness thank you King shit
