Oh
so whenever I'm out in Australia or
England I always gotta make sure I go to
get some Nando's chicken chicken chicken
you know but just on a horny cool about
my best but they do sorry baby
yo sitting on the balcony trying to fade
away bloody woman has smelt all in my
face oh wait Mia T up in the bitch
Nando's killing me Perry on this shit oh
oh come on baby let me go no King you
like Luigi you don't know
finally back from our ten and a half
hour flight from England snuggling and
what's a better way to sit back and
relax then watch me or while in the help
yay baby my hilarious away they they so
this right here is how you cuddle when
you love each other
check it out yeah cuz I've been I was
fart in that whole ten-hour flight and
so is cheer yo she had got the farts on
deck restaurant for my dad's birthday
what's up that how you feelin man you an
old Jew sippin on
maybe the name preparation H that
doesn't even make sense as you can see
people o people yeah this is the Turner
I can always the turn up right now
like in this old Asian people party but
it's my favorite kind of the best
good morning it is a particularly
exciting day today good morning babe you
excited yeah it is exciting day because
I'm doing while it out promo all day
with King badge and with Carlos and when
they Cannon and we're doing interviews
that shit on different shows and but the
first one they got me doing is for Big
Boy's neighborhood and I don't know if
you grew up in LA but Big Boy's
neighborhood Morning Show is like a
staple in LA Monica
shut up this is important for me it's an
important part it's like it's a staple
and growing up in LA man I've been
listening to Big Boi since like
literally like second grade and the fact
that I'm gonna be interviewed on Big
Boy's neighborhood right now is like
pretty monumental for me so I'm excited
excited for me babe and you know he also
a rapper too yeah you know I rap 106 &
Park Jin you might have seen me I want
some support man you know when he first
came out it was crazy because somebody
called me and was like managed to do it
on beauty looks just like you he's
rapping off like man they being a racist
because we're aging we look like I turn
on a TV I was like yo he really does
look like me that's crazy so let me tell
you guys she was crazy because I went up
to big boy big boy I was like hey nice
to meet you I was like 10 my seems like
how we met I was like no we haven't
really met we shook hands once at like a
club or some shit and I was like but I
tell you what though one time in high
school I called the morning show and I
told you the next
you talk to me you're gonna be
interviewing me on the show and Big Boi
was like dude I was just telling
somebody about that the other day he's
like that's why I feel like I know you
and he took me in it was like this is
the kid this is the guy I was talking
about that told me he was gonna be on
the show when you a long time ago and
now he is she's crazy man the universe
I'm telling you man the universe works
in mysterious ways I just kind of
believe everything has a balance and
shit that you believe in and work hard
for will come to fruition as long as you
stay dedicated and I'm telling you man
when I told Big Boi I was gonna be on
his show that wasn't hopeful wishful
thinking that was me telling him like I
know this shit's going down and so when
she like this goes down it just makes me
feel like I'm still I'm on the right
path to achieving everything I want to
achieve you don't say what's up she's
eating how you doing babe so it's so
we're just grabbing some Argentinian
food Argentine Argentinian Argentinian
food before incidence on my camera
we're CBS we're CBS Studios CBS Studios
to sue the spot for audition for CBS
Entertainment Tonight Entertainment
Tonight Ben anything in it no I think I
was no no you got your Ease messed up
breath that's right been in it anything
in it no no pirate has been an intern in
it no wait that's what Power Rangers is
a
okay no Entertainment Tonight is a bit
bitter bitter bitter tableside is dinner
nananana
Mario that's Mario I'll say what up to
Nick this is this is a lot all right
this is recording is it what are you not
alive
no there's gonna be more people watching
this thing on the live Oh wasn't it
Power Rangers come here insider
okay end of the day got called in for
last-minute audition some show on he
turned off tired of late so I totally
smashed that audition easy stuff we'll
see what happens it's been a long day
and driving around La in auditions she
is not out as you can see driving right
now it's Long Beach to grab some Monday
Sunday fun day with my parentals long
day I'm tired I'm tired but I feel good
because I was long
without all day doing what I love you
know I'm saying I was up at 6:30 a.m. in
7:30 p.m. right now but I just feel like
you know I'm living my life and this is
like such a rewarding experience you
know the Royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
please welcome timothy delaghetto AKA
traffic hit DJ cheese everybody grab a
drink get some juice and gin throw some
meat on that Barbie you could call me
King most awkward thing
oh I shitting myself on a golf course
one time that's probably one of the
worst experiences of my life
