so it's the last day we are celebrating
now here's a producer of the show of you
ain't no and we are here we are selling
we are celebrating with this Wilin out
liquor right here while in juice Wow and
juice while juice and ice last day of
the season about the rapper 60 episodes
are seven days well no yeah there it is
I so we wrapped the season and this man
conceded has me actually walking around
in New York this is crazy I feel like a
real New Yorker right now she's in ten
yeah
No look I got a big coat I feel like I
feel like fucking I feel like fabulous
right now and I'm not that every weather
yeah now I will never be able to wear
this in LA that's why I gotta make sure
break it out thing is he has 80 million
things he doesn't win so like this coat
you guys would have never seen true
wasn't this it was not in this situation
I actually wear these ya know so I say
that to say this he wears those and is
easy all day every day
yeah these are facts these are facts I
just I just like them man arrives on
that case he can't be meeting me - honey
can I have your breakfast - do you have
worn
you don't wear I wear those on occasion
those are the only J's I didn't even
know the name of Hey look it look it
will go with this outfit in this case I
just don't get it you right you right
get some chicken cool oh yeah that's why
he's taking me on a little chicken date
well Buster's no chicken day we can feed
it evening strong shot out to the
chicken cold out here yeah
chicken cone mm-hmm shouts the chicken
cone for hooking us up does that mean
yes yes how does a set out to Steph and
it's actually pretty fire
Charmian come under jobs
mm-hmm it's my first often try so
hopefully it's lit Tim this is not a
wedding proposal
notice the while in our rap part is we
weapons and a super-early as you can see
a very important question for Carlos
could you go longer without smoking or
without masturbating I could go longer
masturbate so you'd rather like get a
smoke then beat your dick like you know
it's just like you think about when you
masturbated you have to be by yourself
when everybody's gone actually like
you'd only person or me personally I
have to feel like I'm the loneliest
person I have to make sure nobody's
around for miles
I'm not I don't like the masturbate with
nobody yeah I'm a lone wolf oh my god
masturbate on top of a cliff I can smoke
more places than I can masturbate it's
basically no could you go a week without
without smoking yeah could you go a
month without smoking I would never have
to go a month without jerking off so why
would I have to do hi this is all
hypothetical we're tribe don't get angry
at it means trying to understand okay
no well the question which one you think
you can sustain from longer how are you
getting the right dog
oh okay okay it's ting $1,000 Bitcoin
okay and she's gonna put a joint in your
mouth and take your dick out and then I
could go out for a week yeah man girls
are lucky
yeah you're she's not good at it yeah it
always really hurts
I've scheduled my masturbation I'll be
like it's been a week she yeah saying
I'm for some me time so like I said
we're all done we wrapped that season in
two weeks we did 16 episodes I'm in 15
of the 16 episodes and I'm at one point
I was backstage with Chico and I was
like just looking at them I'm like Brad
this is art
sixth season of this shit kind of crazy
to think about that like five years we
shot the last season six months ago
this is our sixth season we're like
we're the oh geez edition now it's kind
of it's kind of wild
like um originally you know people
didn't really know it was back at first
when MTV two first brought it back um a
few years ago and so people like oh
while announcer comes on but now man now
that it's kind of like got its rhythm
and getting more momentum and it's on it
been on MTV one for a couple years now
like people really fuck with it it's
kind of crazy at first like people don't
really know it's on and now it's like yo
everywhere like that the YouTube clips
always go like getting millions of views
and like now it's like people don't even
when they come up to me you know used to
be mainly for you to shit know it's like
oh yeah well now well now well like you
know especially older people the people
they don't really watch YouTube like oh
hey why now do fucking for some reason
TSA people love Wilin out whenever I'm
going to security at the airport they
always know about some wildin out so you
know I'm just I'm blessed I'm feeling
blessed and grateful to to be able to be
on a hit TV show for four six five six
years
I'm grateful to Nick and I'm grateful to
MTV and Viacom and um it's a beautiful
thing man you know I'm up here I'm a
token Asian dude on the show and I'm not
even mad I'm glad to be here I'm repping
for my peoples y'all know I got you and
it's nice it's nice I think I might be
the only Asian dude on now on MTV is
there's a couple moves here and down on
our lawn some TV shows but I'm the only
one on MTV right now so I'm just trying
to rep and trying to make moves you know
saying
I go back to LA now and you know gotta
get back on my YouTube grind I have
early uploaded in like a month like a
real video cuz you know I've been out
here so yeah yeah damn
but it's November 2017 almost over in
crazy isn't that crazy 2017 was a great
year I made some power moves and 2018 is
gonna be extra dough let me let me save
that speech for the for the skeet and
tears wrap up at the end of the year
though but yo but just know let me I'm
not gonna talk about now I'm gonna talk
about our job t one word at a time
oh it's like a stories you have to tell
but you start with just one word you got
one minute to do it yeah okay we're
gonna just one word at a time we're
gonna tell a story alright I so boom
that's one word what comes after that
what kinda where does that a nice I so
boom it's like how you start a story in
New York okay
do it again I so boom so I was talking
to a fella
hey is his mom
so I went home with his wife and licked
her track but then I noticed that he
forgot his gun dirt but then I was
astonished when establishments
perpetuating
