so mom Chia did me so wrong I don't
wanna go on living in this world without
you this looks like a job for me so
everybody
chee-chee-chee
whoa
so I call Sam we using this accent the
whole trip by because I want to make
sure I have the proper British accent
when I'm out there so practicing all
right that cool cool you like my accent
is that saying you on does max that make
you horny okay
majestic drama now how does one explain
the sudden feeling he feels when he's
not sure what he's feeling but he knows
that it's real to take something
intangible and try to explain not fully
understanding all the thoughts in my
brain we handle under jerky no Benji two
times Denis listening to Andrew new
music turn up we out here London UK
what's good what's good what's up baby
what's up girl
you looking good and that was shiny
leggings doll the makeup on point the
hair is on point the juries on point
that booty oh boy what'd you say
yeah that's what I thought
sorry so we had this duck pate a sinner
rock that's a bad day and um and you
know no one's really filling it like
that but it's tough pate it's fancy shit
right I told Benji it's a consistent
it's like a mushy consistency so I told
Benji I give him $50 if he puts the
whole T's mouth
he's it chews it in 30 and swallows in
30 seconds you
50 hours it's yours bro another one
what you gonna how do you feel how do
you feel now that you accomplish that
those girls
all scag oh look how nice they brought
us a cake welcome to London that's a bad
on purpose accent yeah thank God it's
Friday
hey Jo they use the sexy skinnier
pictures of us thank you thank you thank
you guys yeah
British ladies we don't want Benji to be
the fifth wheel so if y'all are out here
you want some Benji D hit him up ASAP
even though by the tons of vlog goes up
we'll be gone but next time hit him up
anyways ladies give them that British
poon okay we are here just you know
sightseeing shit being tourists got the
show tonight it's gonna twerk tonight
for all the UK fans right there she's
gonna twerk guys we're gonna get her
drunk and she's gonna torch right babe
we bought shots so Benji could pee but
we're commemorating the trip fish so
tonight London
we're well bridge are we on right now
good tower bridge not not the LAN Tower
of Terror bridge yeah
here to put makeup on my forehead cuz I
got these little pimple with a little
breakout about to get ready to go to
this club through this show which they
are a you over there gonna make up doing
bear are you ready - are you ready at
god you need to make up my forehead
contouring contour that shit okay guys
so for G Happy's first makeup tutorial
on her channel she's gonna show she's
gonna show you how to cover up a
breakout on your forehead so babe what
kind of brush you're using and and what
what what what do you want to do what
kind of motion are we doing here with
the oh go ahead on I'm trying to guess
his runs the thing about you my eye is
the same thing that makes me change my
mind and a hard to explain
Thank You Steven Stiles just the way you
do do the same GZ
hey hey so we out here UK crazy right
now
yeah you need something in there
bouncing hey you're so the British are
coming
you just pick the backstage hang me up
vodka
you know me taking shots you know you
got my girl Whitney she's bad
I got her three years ago in Canadia
everybody liked to play a song and they
play me bro Frankie oh no you two play
me on the string me and Jay oh we make
your ways acoustic guitar beats ours I'm
not wrong about to mentally-challenged
some people that don't know because I
made up your game the Royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
