so guys guess where I'm back at again
yeah sub dawg yeah I'm up here for just
kidding news they got me up here all day
breath like three to ten talk about for
the news it's okay though they bought me
some chicken katsu it's all good yeah
guys just stuff off ESPO do a photoshoot
for duty right now right plain cameraman
cuz that's what he's been doing
we got the lovely Ella back there in the
new fourth of July shirt but we also got
like families over here because it's my
condo complex you got a lady trying to
get up in the hot tub get a freak on
we're trying to take sexy pictures over
here leave the poles little too many
people they had some locations on the
old people but so we're my room new
goodie tanks don't drop in we'll look
we'll let you know we dropped we got
Ella what's up Ellis
hey we got Rick what's up Rick you know
eat if you find any girls hairs on my
bed next time you stay up here I wasn't
having sex with nobody it was Ella
shedding all over my shit alright I
someone's panties babe
don't look at the camera oh thank you to
Miley Cyrus my case is Miley Cyrus yeah
you know how many people said there's an
unfollowed me on Instagram because I got
a Miley Cyrus case the hate man the hate
is so real so SuperDuper hot Pop's was
like yo it's like 10 little Asian kids a
better over the restaurant uh come to
see wassup not me no wait howdy good
doesn't it uh it's like a bunch of
people up here too so I stopped by will
say what's up hey good where you guys
from
hi all right well damn cool thanks for
stopping by
Hey anything else thing yes you wanna
say oh she just Patrick oh oh
congratulation all right go in do know
who you got you guys a to my London
England people I will be back in the UK
with jrt no we will be performing at The
Electric Brixton Club in London June
27th 18 and over come through but hold
on I'm a little underage people's the
next day on June 28th we will be having
an all-ages meet-and-greet at Mama's
Nepalese restaurant in Hounslow so don't
bring your drawers don't bring your
panties don't bring condoms was having a
crazy unsafe orgy in England come
through not really that was a joke come
through for real we're not really having
an orgy that the orgy part was a joke a
shit like cut up looking fresh right
over here at the barbershop and then it
was like yo go outside day look go ahead
liberal almost happen
look what almost happy right now luckily
I had to pay do like two something to
get it taken down luckily I don't get
told like this cat that's not funny
that's not funny guys that's not funny
Abbi Father's Day thank you to my nuts
and crown him yeah thank you to his nuts
what do you want for Father's Day
patience why is--why okay all right yeah
turn up turn up
why you gotta be so rude meanie
stop chewing everything guys like PD
flow as a new dog it's my son
this is wienie wait a second oh good
morning you sexy motherfuckers and good
morning you sexy chocolate motherfucker
right here yeah all right so we are here
it's a long long day of shoots and
studio sessions in LA I got that new
goodie a pink flag tee on which is
available it right now go get you on go
get you ain't no goodie is me Rick and
Benji - times 52 times is actually a
part of the team as well you know trying
to get this shit jumping for when
everybody stops watching me on youtube
and I'll run out of money and I'm saying
yeah so we all say I'm shooting this
skit for natural punch right I'm playing
ash Ketcham but I'm picking up on ladies
as you can see I'm playing a sketch on
Oh see all right guys that's right right
hey don't say so I'm back in his new
studio Sunday
yo I'm dark hey it's okay you might ask
you know blast oh oh oh good night okay
I look good thank you oh he's killed
artists gasps it's okay T boss can bring
him back
uh you might remember him from the sneak
dissing skit yeah they're going on the
same shirt - it's okay it's okay now he
has a like I got a bunch of these great
really like $5,000 each a bunch of great
dirty looking expensive shirts I'm in
the studio deep rising bugging me for
months to record this a verse for this
Jackie sent me on finding the studio
doing it deep ride was good you'll have
it tomorrow bro how's it sounding uh
sounding good I'm looking lighter as I
come towards the light there we go there
you go good team dark Rick
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit get ready
then go the champ is back this summer
while an average time is on the right
and take it to that next level you get
new jokes mr. Nelly this right here is
your street cred I'm curious when you
lost it lately - so you make a good buck
too bad you're the only black guy
I get one free pass a month use me
wisely girl who me we both famous online
up til girl in six seconds put that
online the new songs on talking on the
moon
take this old girl back my rocket go
this season while it out is hotter oh oh
my goodness funnier you look at me look
at me look at me
hi under Captain Mal and wilder than
it's ever been
it's over
summer only the funniest survive Nick
Cannon
do you even like your music
