so we back on the set behind the scenes
shooting another skit look who we got
back back in the house it's been a
minute Bobby Dean how are you good
had to get back on the grind more skits
even though you guys didn't like that
last one I thought I was hilarious fuck
y'all no no they like they like court or
grandmas they didn't like the blow-up
doll I thought it was funny
fuck yeah but yeah but no but thanks for
watching thanks for subscribing love you
through a long shoes I'm stopping by it
what's this company black mask along and
they're hooking me up with a whole box
of free rum so I get to kick back and
relax we're at a whole bunch of drink so
we have the coconut island coconut we
have black primo and then we got topical
chai you're feeling like you know
tropical Hawaiian you wanna go to the
islands and then we have original spice
you know that one's good too and yeah
I'm on my way it's a beautiful downtown
Hollywood area just doing some more
promo interviews for ISA the sci-fi
channel movie that we're in that
premieres June 11th and you know I'm in
a couple scenes so I'm here too man
let's go turn up turn up so we here with
DJ rhythm over here ASCII radio
promoting the movie we got Jeannette
here we got Savi here we got Eric here I
actually have to read up this whole
thing because there's like copy written
music and it was mad loud anyways you
can't even hear what we're saying but
yeah you know I'm just mumbling sci-fi
channel June 11th Issa yeah what a hos
that dick pussy balls
you know what I like to eat son
booty show me how your booty shake
show me
we're going sacred booty bitche break it
up let me smack that booty I like to
smoke it up beat shake that ass give me
hugs hates breach shake that ass all in
my face
give me a fight
up here at the guys Choice Awards for
Spike TV I'm gonna be whipping my camera
all night what's up dawg it's the homie
Jay wrath yeah yeah you already know
what I do baby
chillin with Tim Tims got the Shaq's
turn on he's got the hair in progress
looking good as always nook into the
vmas with his no Brokeback no broke yeah
we did now now I gotta put some magic
here too but we'll talk about that he
used my YouTube videos before my vine he
did too what was crazy right guys he was
on you too you're looking at and you're
looking at two of the only two hybrid no
that's true oh my god she's not naked
chillin on my Twitter and stuff Andrew
Garcia decided to pop up a little fuzzy
koala bear and I got a tweet saying hey
Tim what happened in your YouTube
channel I'm like what are you talking
about I go and look what it says guys
account has been terminated due to a
repeated or severe violations of
Community Guidelines
I don't know what's going on trying to
figure it out apparently there was a
somebody that did it because I don't
know what the criteria is but he takes
down a lot of people's youtubes
Accountancy like hacks that shit
hopefully we can we can figure this out
or else
and bring him to justice or else I'm
gonna have to sell the condo guys no
stopping by the restaurant straight out
of New Orleans hi who are you what oh I
was gonna say what's your name sweet
thanks for stopping by restaurants
closed right now actually you guys
everyone come to the restaurant it's
closed on Mondays and it's closed from
4:00 to 5:00 all right but other than
that it's open from 11:00 to 9:00 all
right right chunk left yeah after the
sad news about whatever is happening
with my channel I figured there's
nothing I could do but go to the movies
so we're going to see Godzilla right but
it's at a dining theater where we sit
and and they serve us dinner we can
order cocktails we get to sit in some
fancy-schmancy recliners it's gonna be
dope guys this is so dope this is a
motherfucking recliner
it's Monday Sunday Sunday Funday
I've got mom here daddy
hi so we could not just eat just a
little bit okay why is that dad I know I
said maybe maybe this maybe God took
away my youtube channel because I was
getting fat and he wants me to be broken
and skinny supe only for my mom it's
time to save up guys yea that's next
time you had your family to see me feed
me if you see my little parents turn up
turn up because my youtube channel is
reinstated hey turn up turn up turn up
turn up so hey hey George George are you
directing this or naw we got exoticjess
back on the c hey I'm shooting another
Hood fairytales we're doing Sleeping
Beauty today we got Rick here what's up
with it doubts Rick is the priest a fry
fry Rick and yeah man turnt up got my
channel back I got my channel back I
just build stuff all over jets and my
bed but I gotta clean it up before me
back attract life radio relearn more
interviews for e so what's good what's
good yeah oh my God look who's here is
Danny real we bout to take some shots to
start the interview off shot shot shot
shot shot
on the big screen MTV
I know you see people always trying to
hit me but it's okay you cannot debate
me I'm always right I know everything
mine is to go down south and I got mad
tea iced tea Arizona
everybody likes these smell aroma oh
it's no good my fucking so fresh victim
yeah you know doing it yeah I got the
Royal penises clean your highness Thank
You King shit hey be serious for a
second what is the big deal I got hit by
a car last year I'm good yeah you called
me crying from the hospital
tears of joy bro did you see how fine my
Filipino nurse was Bodi
you're stupid give me a kid okay give
okay
