his boat in San Francisco right for this
girl Michelle's birthday not my homegirl
Michelle but a girl I know named
Michelle who happens to be friends with
my homegirl Michelle we are here first
Comanche wheelchair it you know miss
obviously baby we are mute it comes and
I'm out I'm out here - I'm out here area
a function a function
trying to show my graduation grow car do
call you don't Sam go go we out here
failure alright let me stop get annoying
donor base is older Basin is about bras
graduations graduations I gotta get back
to LA cuz I got a shoot at 10:30 with a
bunch of fun people so you know hey turn
up airplanes in terminals ID
these are not as so I'm here I got my
makeup did that's why I'm looking all
extra pale right now and you know
special treat
what a treat I'm shooting with all the
homies today got mega batoon yeah well
shrunk yeah get it shooting Oh G over
here again her hair day will suck or
hold on that bag like get your hair did
with some girl with some girl with the
behind-the-scenes we're doing this this
special secret I don't know the secret
this game show thing on is a channel
we're getting a light Gio
don't be gross bro don't be gross
don't be gross mine is way bigger than
that it's true it's true she showed me
backstage Thomas was happening ah we're
having pelvis intercourse we're
exchanging energy
mhm it's like avatar but instead we
connect penises yeah it's like avatar
but with dicks would light up dicks
yeah oh my god that's the next one food
production guys it was I was the camera
it's tech dude why are you here beef be
food to be the deal I go to speed Oh
more like film or like a still a cheese
steak beef Oh mom on set for this game
show that I'm shooting with all the with
all the YouTube homies yeah oh your hand
movies YouTube homie hey y'all remember
her wait
hey hey what hey oh did I ruin your vine
yes okay I'll go do that too hey we all
belong right it's a it's a game show
it's going to be on the E is a channel
haha you know I've been trying to get
sexy and stuff right so there's this
rock climbing place in Long Beach and I
was like Peter bro every Monday you and
me climbed a peter day yeah yeah sexy
day so we're here right now trying to
sexy I climbed about a half a mountain
I'm already feeling sexier I'm ready bro
I'm ready
this kids beating me beginner wall
though cuz I'm a beginner and I have my
god hey thanks I'm good what my trainer
I have super soft
whoa see that's why he's my trainer
of my life no fast hands so I can get
sexy for shit this is going to bring up
with me if I get that no so exciting
rather go back
all I gots and witches up here
hmm you know Monday Sunday Funday with
the family and some dinner you know then
my dad my dad has a message for you guys
ok hey you guys when you see me don't be
bashful
ok grab me take a picture just just just
take me by the matter what but the belly
butter belly rub it come on dude take a
picture and my mom said rub her - yeah
yeah rub me - yes rub us all for some
reason my mom is playing songs on her
little music thing from my first album I
ever made a long time ago called rush
hour it's so old
I don't even know how she got this she
doesn't even know how to turn on the
phone young that's Rick Rick long yeah
yeah we the best in y'all lately
yeah baby now you ain't ready son Fiona
night we don't need the Sun bringing we
all need a gun keep ladies in the sheets
only freaky ones yeah got scuffed up
yeah okay sure no need potentially every
fresh line up alcohol still burning eh I
had bars back then bores mom said bars
bars bars bars hey your old man your old
we call my dad's laying down you know
this pose is called this is called the
um draw me like one of those um
Jerry Rose right now do it do it what
dude for YouTube I was in Walmart and I
saw this thing that said cuddle up while
you buckle up and it was a ninja turtle
is Raphael of course I had to get it now
I can cut in love while I buckle up um
I'm Superman right now because I'm super
late I slept through my alarm watch
snooze that motherfucker and went back
to sleep a 7:00 a.m. I'm late for this
uh this commercial shoot in that leg oh
excuse me I'm sorry I don't
burping a lot lately I'm just a mess man
I didn't get to take my morning poo I'm
late I'm like an hour late for this
thing horrible I got Sun blocking my
eyes so my eyes like burning I'm looking
extra asian for the shoe as horrible as
a horrible in it we are set for this out
while I now add that was shooting uh
what's up yo everybody here everybody
here yo hey follow me on Twitter acting
back uh what's up dawg this good was
good so we got into this discussion
right about would you smash a little
person and I'm saying yeah if she's
pretty and she has like a nice body like
why why not gotta be at least five three
oh they have to be illegal so you say so
he's saying if a girl is not up on five
three two she's not good enough him god
I don't know
Oh do it that's like a girl or a guy
whatever you prefer I prefer girls you
and this with a short person see so
you'd only weird one
wait what do you ask because you said
you wouldn't do it you know what I
wasn't a little person yeah and you know
where they don't turn me on I'm just not
attracted is that anyway no I just do
things just to do it like Moby oh yeah I
love all of them well I'm only like five
three and a half you're a little person
that's like that's like what's it called
I'm just playing baby I don't want to
taxi baby a way I'm doing shoot a vine
yeah that's just not our foot I don't
know how to I don't know how to do it
hey what's up y'all oh yeah this your
blog it's my blog so uh you know okay
okay come on bro hahaha the Royal penis
is clean your highness thank you
King shit
