nope here at the Empire State Building
should super party up here never been up
here before
oh my god isn't it party how you feel
it's not this song Stan he's standing on
a thing okay
hey hey like in our dresses though like
I'm trying to take Erikson to get some
chicken or rice and all 5036 at the spot
you know but it was so hard to find a
cab so we see the pedicab dude so now
we're in a pedicab $3.00 per minute
though it's all good it's nothing to a
boss I'm saying hashtag NT a beat so
here we are we're at the theater where
we're premiering ISA you know I'm saying
I love Amir we're looking all cute yeah
yeah
what's up y'all just want to let you
know that I'm in a movie coming out
called Issa you know doing my acting
thing and whatnot what's up dog who are
you
oh shit yeah thanks man tours
is that what or is that I'm proud yes
I'm so first time you are me my daughter
just recorded us right now soon doe
sweets I got mad friends showing up all
my New York people came out misto
appease you all remember them this can't
always be in the blog good from always
good men in black show me in the bills
Brian Bob Dong rich the by me got me
looking fresh up here
okay so we own the Brooklyn Bridge for
whatever I do on the Brooklyn Bridge me
my boy for no reason I will
oh you do realize guests call tumbles
that's not fucking cartwheels mother
fuck you were not do it again
it's five o'clock in the morning and
okay so since they've never been here
we're trying to do like an all-night go
look at Tori shit night it's 5:00 a.m.
and we're Grand Central Station
oh my god is 6:00 a.m. and not to sound
like a girl right now but this
McDonald's breakfast this madhan's
breakfast is everything right in hell
they didn't see it does bread anyways
carbs everything yes this what else do
girls say but not least to close off the
all-night adventure we're over here
Central Park Central Park that's why you
feel him you realize we stayed up for
you tonight bad dog good morning you
crazy
crazy little freaks so we barely got any
sleep last night
we're out gallivanting around New York
but you know it's time to hop on a plane
go back to LA and so I'd like to upgrade
my shits the first class when I have the
chance to write Eric he's about - he did
it - I didn't pressure him he just
wanted to write I mean you know it
happened right whenever we were walking
into the Lions - shit and then there's
like a business class and then it's like
another regular life I was like like I
guess I'll go through the regular line
with you though so his shit he's never
flown first class before we're gonna pop
his first class virginity right now on
Virgin America
think of pop that asshole Saul I haven't
no sweat not really no good morning so I
realized I was only home for a night and
I also realize I'm wearing the same
thing as I was wearing yesterday but
it's because I really like this shirt I
also be like this hat so shut up just
flew in from New York but I'm flying to
San Francisco right now because Michelle
Martinez the homegirl the singer you
remember her she she's graduating from
college so we're going to turn up for
the weekend
Rick turn up ready I'm only going for
one night because I got stuff to do when
I get back home dad turn up with me
Congrats
oh I'll finish school after all the fame
and the fortune so like around 5055
you know I'll go back and finish my
degree oh just like that see this field
burns right exactly
my credits still there they're not going
anywhere dad but there's Fame stuff
people will forget about me quick if I
don't keep going you know school you can
do San Francisco it's mad cold I wasn't
ready but hey congratulations Michelle
Martinez it's been a while real life and
she's got just graduating she got a job
baby Chinese food right I know typical
and this dude came in what's up bro
what's your name my name is Ken and
thanks
Alton Darren Emerson when he was like he
was like hey I want paper guys food like
sure and he was like can I sit down and
chat for a bit we're like I mean you pay
for the food the Royal penis is clean
your highness
Thank You King shit
