good morning we in Singapore but on top
57 floor grab some breakfast
sing a floor here I'm saying a little
breakfast little Eggs Benedict
all right where we at bro where we
reflection right now Singapore's what I
want to Singapore's local brands and
shopping for clothes my tip yes so he's
like spoiling me right now told me to
pick whatever I wanted he's hooking me
up so I'm like I'm out here shot
ridiculous the founder of the sauce
listen Vincent shout out to Nicolas and
Vincent shout out to cheer for shopping
with a bunch of boys right now telling
me if I look cute in this shit or not so
I'm about to do this panel of a YouTube
FanFest
and I'm here with my name is Joel and my
name is I'm Dover developers were skinny
Indonesian 24 from Indonesia and like I
guess they're like I mean not I guess
these dudes are like the biggest
Indonesian youtubers i watch every day
preach my favorite Indonesian videos
watch their videos guys tell your
friends you eat nasi goreng yeah what is
it it's not but hold it last but not
least I'm a self-described genius
Renaissance man
ghetto aka traffic as the not on YouTube
Menezes avid following in all corners of
his entertainment kingdom he has
approached from YouTube channels he
blocked the typically feel like you know
the sketches of Timothy DeLaGhetto to
and the wraps of traffic music his
followers love it for strong point of
view and for crossing the line with his
comedic videos Timothy has a total over
3.3 million stops and as a mask over six
hundred seventy three million views at
welcome Timothy DeLaGhetto Chesney so
I'm doing his panel right now at YouTube
FanFest I'm here with Danish alright and
hey what's up guys
you too right I'm done
adorable this is okay we just got back
from from the panel and it's our last
night up here at the Marina Bay Sands
look what they did look how cute that is
a little elephant made out of towels oh
and a little bits of heart and rose
petals
I my number-one fan girl right here you
go to different countries I like to try
the McDonald's out there to see if
they're different so we stopped by the
McDonald's out here and they got this
flaming green curry chicken sandwich bra
it's so bomb like it's so bomb situation
going over their back I originally
wasn't gonna have a thing and fan fests
but they set up a little meet-and-greet
for me tweeted a couple days ago so this
is what I'm doing right now hopefully
people show up cuz I know most of the
people are here for like Bethany and
like jenna Marbles and like Ryan Higa
you know but hey I'm in town to Gotham
what's up bro yeah hey check it out
though this red carpet is crazy
all these little Singaporean kids lining
up for some youtubers Wow
yeah
they brought me and Gia baby shoes for
future baby oh thank you thank you right
for we can I ran out of socks right this
dude predicted it brought me some socks
thanks man thanks bro don't stop car
what's up man that's love right there
that's real love right there thank you
bro thank you bro hell yeah Oh wrap that
shit and your mom think I'm handsome
that's my shit it's okay it's okay we
got it we got it
they know they know me they know my shit
that's what it is when he's like hey man
where's Chia I was like bro Chi is
asleep and he's like boom I got the
cheese shirt and then and he's like
trying to like get her number
stupid shoutout
what do you want to say if you ask to be
in the blog you better have something to
say bro I love you too bro he's free
what's your friend's name
Jemaine yeah why does he get a shout out
for not being here Jemaine why are you
not here Oh
jemaine's parents I'm a nice boy next
time have Jemaine come up here I'm a
good example and who are you brother
I'll kill my kid all right cool last
girl in the block lad okay oh yeah oh
yeah it's our last night in Singapore
Singapore it's been beautiful thank you
so much so much love lost my train of
thought
Oh everybody was so nice so kind and had
love thank you it's a beautiful ass
country glad I got to spend it with my
beautiful ass girlfriends hey baby how's
that dinner good time in Singapore the
best Thank You Singapore it's been
lovely
it's been beautiful y'all a dope you all
so mad love the city is beautiful and
booty-ful
and yeah man it's time to go Harold
majestic drama my god I'm finally home
excuse me after so much traveling
dropped you off in Canada when I am back
in time for Monday Sunday Funday
what's up dad with my come on Kylie
uh-huh they don't know they don't get
that joke ticket yeah they still don't
get it anyways um I'm back home yay
eating with the fam yeah
see yes so what's up y'all I'm back at
the airport I just got in last night but
we got a flight in New York for the New
York premiere of ISA the sci-fi channel
movie that have a small party eric has a
bigger part in and Jeanette here has a
huge sheet the main chick the main bitch
in this shit you sing that shit and it's
11 o'clock in the morning we bout to
take shots the royal pain is the clean
your highness Thank You King shit
