Hey home again swing star in J feet
good morning Singapore um okay so
originally man we checked in dude said
hey we upgraded your room for free you
can stay the whole week and then they
called us the next night and were like
hey you guys switch to a different room
cuz the upgrade was only for the night
but whatever check out the view now
sweet view right
plan check this out y'all so we are
overlooking the what is it's called the
she's taking a selfie we're overlooking
uh the like it's like a big I wish I
knew what was called I forgot but the
guardians okay cool look how pretty that
is
yeah happening is I'm going to go speak
on a panel at this thing called um yeah
call you mama
ha shit cheer talking shit oh gee you
talking shit about your mama no and I'm
gonna be on a panel discussing digital
matters and then I'm gonna do a little
performance and I know I wear this
baseball jersey all the time because I
really like the way it looks it's by a
company from Las Vegas called new K and
ye W if you want to check that out now
we're late so we gotta go Chi Abed
you're late uh very important date guys
she is late you know that means mixed
babies mixed babies huh what chocolate
chip she has this little chocolate chip
mole let him see it no let the people
see it it's super cute okay so we're
backstage yes we're about to go on stage
into a panel
Oryza posting I'm Jillian from blink
network you know hey I'm Joseph your
body Swain
we're just waiting right now for time to
go up
okay guys so I'm onstage at digital
matters trying to convince all these
people to invest in youtubers and send
me money and send money to maker I'm
about to perform I was waiting on my
playback and check it out there's a
crowd
okay I didn't even make them do that and
it's a business crowd I'm sorry
everybody we're having some technical
difficulties
my job so I just got done performing for
the business people for matters to me or
digital matters or whatever the events
called and when they told me I was
coming to Singapore there was a thing
that I've seen on tumblr that put on my
bucket list a long-ass time ago and I
made sure that I was here and check it
out y'all
oh shit oh isn't that dope look how dope
it is
hey how's that hola
oh okay finally the Salvadoran side
comes out get in I'm vlogging you right
now do it for the vlog do it for the
vine babe do it for the vine guess what
guys Timothy DeLaGhetto is trending in
Singapore woo woo yeah cake is trending
in Africa can you believe it guys Chia
boom bye-yay
key yeah boom bye-yay oh my goodness
this this news is so crazy to me out
here ran into a couple fans while I was
walking around the lobby what's up man
what's up guys Singapore represent oh
yeah welcome to him thanks man okay guy
like shot my to grab that real quick
yeah no one's gonna follow the glitzy
record 87 look at love you too this guy
is amazing yo so happy that Singapore
morning a jet lag is killing me I didn't
sleep at all but it's okay it's bright
and early we're up ready to X we're
walking to the garden of the bay which
is like this huge area by our hotel and
we are ready to party
with the best stuff ever
how crazy this live guys looks like
we're like Jurassic Park slash the
future slash avatar yeah with the best
of them
go down to the road ooh look how pretty
that is guys I don't even know what's
going on over there so cool seeing a
poor is so cool I love Singapore staying
in a hotel with a boat on top Singapore
what
I like this be right yo these hoes is
real out here in Singapore these hoes is
real I'm over here at with my eye bro
you're a bhoot donkey punch oke cheer
we're and then you are Chickasha light
city rapper like to meet ya chillin with
Tim right now add some chicken rice he's
gonna bring him to the best chicken rice
in Santa Claus do this okay yeah he's a
Singaporean rapper man this dude used to
hit me up on myspace when I was big on
myspace music and you know he's just a
little young ass boy
trying to collab and shit you're saying
now he's doing his own thing in
Singapore so please not to you
ex-girlfriend shitty beverage shit it
goes really well chicken right this I'm
not steamed nuts no he's not so you can
get you know Chinese natto chinese nuts
in your mouth
Bow Wow what we got we got explain to me
bro Earth is here this is a roasted
chicken okay it's like the skin is like
crispy and stuff so you got like chips
on the side so my selfishness here this
is gunk own spicy Congo that compound a
spicy Hong Kong spicy double this is
crispy been cut with the wasabi mayo
sauce or whatever you call it and I got
a super good stuff what's this here this
is a legendary chicken of the chicken
rice okay it's like cold okay it's cold
so you get a bit like whoa why is it
cold for I rather you look it's kind of
like this Thai dish called a cow man guy
which is like that's my shit so so so
alright let's see free oh we could skip
the performance because I have to be
back there 7:30 for my meeting Greek
fuck love so I mean it depends on us I
don't know what the fuck you oh my god
pay attention woman thing waking up in
Singapore
she is popping a pimple on my chin stop
talking keep moving it chewed for funny
compliment Oh
got it yay so uh we're super jet-lagged
we fell asleep
we're supposed to go get drinks with
maker people last night but we fell
asleep around 6 p.m. woke up at 3 a.m.
them tree am demoted and room service
dim and then we've literally been up
since 3:00 a.m. it's like 10 o'clock now
and so
ah the Royal penis is clean your
highness thank you
King shit ah love the waist squish what
the f is going on oh my god hey man I
can't believe y'all will do this to me
that's it
listen ones come down too hard dude come
on this is crazy
