that's God silly home every time I know
he's all I really know what up you sexy
mother fuckers I'm in Chicago right now
cuz I'm gonna be doing a speaking event
at Northwestern University it's
basically it's called the spring speaker
event and I'm just be talking about what
it's like to be an Asian dude in the
industry and the struggles I've gone
through and and you know just my my
journey so to speak so yeah Chicago shot
town what's good it's actually it's a
beautiful day out check it out with not
even windy and the Windy City and I'm
excited to explore what up I'm in
Chicago I'm at Northwestern University
I'm doing like talked to the people
thing make some noise
my speaking is over taking some pictures
with some people
hey and I met her and it where your name
I'm George George yo and this dude was
like yo can you sign something for me
and it's motherfucking Thai smile it's
like in 2000 like seven or I don't know
man oh yeah though it's on YouTube he's
gonna watch the full movie but you
bought one which is dope
thanks bro thank you funny story this
girl right here what's your name okay so
Cindy bought one of those Yolo amigos
shirts that have my dad on them and she
put a picture of it on tumblr I searched
myself on something like like a douche
and I reblogged me right so this dude
followed her because of that picture and
then they then became her boyfriend do
you Stark nine so this lovely young lady
has brought me shirts but men cheer and
helps and tell me about him help help
plant a tree by shirt plant a tree so on
that what is this Giordano's getting
some Chicago deep-dish you can't get
this in La Valle Mountain about downtown
Chicago she's cracking right now is
people everywhere bars popping traffic
in the streets and
graduated from college
what's up bro town all right so I'm
packing up about to meet one of my boys
from high school stop by what's up man
hey what's up let me know you are
what's up boy Sam yeah paramount hi
pirates for life he has a brand he's
starting up to robotic minds hey go bra
that you hold that up or you'll find it
at my body - clothing calm so follow us
on Instagram check that out yeah man so
check your shit out I always like when
when homie some high schools doing shit
getting shit done you know cuz a lot of
people just have babies and and they're
fat as hell and then just and that's it
you don't Samsung's I'm glad to see
these people out here working you know
they focus dinner
stay focused damn it
happy Mother's Day hey I just got off
the plane
oh happy Mother's Day to my cousin she's
having a baby
just got off the plane stopped by the
party yeah
so I just got back in town last night
back on the grind as usual super new
skit today with a little bit this is
Silvia yeah oh don't be good as of
course he's walking the dead ass though
booty shorts these are sold out but you
know we're coming back with new colors
and and we got my boy here super ego and
he's ready but a Silvia mouth though all
that the all that ass cholo edition
panties our collabo that we did you
ready for this grow up so we've been
shooting for a few hours now Eric how
you feeling Bravo ha AC whatever doing
it oh yeah it's hot up in here my spot
gets hot and it's a hot ass day what's
it like it's like 80 degrees outside
like it's pretty hot 60 it's like 60
degrees celcius outside so ah right now
got the cool here say hi everybody
they'll be intern yeah we got Silvia
over there in the George what are you
doing a Silvia oh my god gross of course
after a long day of shooting I gotta
make it to chantarangsu Monday fun day
turn up turn up turn up turn up turn up
turn up turn up turn up happy Mother's
Day happy Mother's Day
no yesterday turn up
turn up turn up turn so I left dinner
and I just drove to LA to be in
Kingsley's podcast y'all know Kingsley
he's a youtuber funny through so I'm
here got to be on his podcast you know
everybody got a podcast nowadays okay so
here I am
IMing on Kingsley's podcasts up bro are
you a Lynn oh oh oh so Abby her name
ally
what's up yeah rings oh wait can we hear
this on iTunes on Wednesday I don't know
when you post on this but on iTunes and
I'm cool cool drove from West Hollywood
to North Hollywood from Kingsley today
oh look at that dude I'm not flexing my
bro man me neither dog chili right now
dog I'm chilly the camera's quivering
well sup bro about to shoot this day for
dietrichson's video thanks hey man like
one time we hang out some like you do a
favor for me so I'm sorry
it's all good let's get some sushi one
day all right I'm down there fufu lame
shit I ain't with it man send some shots
that you fit in the Royal penis is clean
your highness thank you okay
shit
