we out here in New York chillin you know
doing the tourist thing got old white
guy sitting down in front of us you know
sipping coffee and homegirl bfb a gut
vehicle vehicle
what's the channel she sings
we got a little lunch I was walking
around on some random shit I heard
somebody say yo Tim I thought it was
about to be some fan I was ready to take
my picture I was like you know licking
my lips to the shit and noses do I am a
fan bro thanks man my boy around here
what's up bro says first time in New
York City wants to do like whacked or
shit tours hey man I'm all but I'm all
about that tourist life bro we out here
Parker not dumb found in not high not
high oh you are you sober now I'm not
sober for three months you don't smoke
or drink another nice smoke
oh you don't drink another dream all
right dumb used to drink like a
motherfucker to you I still drink I know
you know I don't smoke but you know and
she does all the drugs mollies cocaine
heroin she's so hot I know that's why
they're blue contacts she's awesome
weird new sit okay I'm still in New York
and Cinco DeMayo I miss all my Mexicans
in LA but it's okay we out here you are
we drinkin it surely was good
hello and what are you guys you got hit
by a big black bitch is okay Cinco de
Mayo it's Cinco de Mayo and guys oh my
god
guess who invited me to come drink in
his hotel room guys this is a big deal
are you gonna tell them we drink this
whole bottle of Jameson together no high
five
it's Kassem G guys my room is
bigger than Qasim G's room yeah and he
has no but you have way more subscribers
in me do i yeah no well not way more way
more beautiful
um I mean no depends amen what's up bro
Hey oh that's nice nice I I can't grow
facial hair neither can i hey this took
three here's me subscribe okay so I just
want ten blocks from my hotel
so justice these hotel oh no I can I was
prepared for more than sixteen Sonia
wants to shoot a little little
collaboration video so I walked and I
met him at his hotel he had martinis
ready for Manhattan's Manhattan's
because we're I'm man you're a man we're
in Manhattan and it's like what's
happening I'm right we got nuts and shit
you know you know this little it's it's
it's very podcasting it's not a podcast
it's a video but yeah it's it's a you
know we talked about being boys yeah I
have a similar thing I do
oh really I make our music that's
irrelevant but I've been drinking all
day it's Cinco de Mayo I think I've had
too many martinis
you know cheers cheers Cheers
it's good fun come down boys oh I'm soon
in this video with Chester see but like
are you okay okay with that what yeah
and we're shooting this video for his
channel bull attack with Chester see it
check hi Timothy DeLaGhetto what was it
our ship named B oh you got a message
from y'all oh my god you wish you never
okay goodnight New York New York yeah
last night
just drunken stupid debauchery man yeah
but so I gotta get ready because maker
is doing this thing as a part of the new
fronts week in New York
it's basically internet companies and
new media are pitching their talent and
what they do to advertisers and
advertising companies so you don't get
money for you know brand deals and shit
like that
so maker has this whole like
presentation they're doing
and it's like a you know a little little
show almost they're doing should be dope
should be dope team maker what's up
make her squad and you know they just
got acquired by Disney and I got stocks
so you know I'm saying about to get a
nice little check hungry and then
apparently there's a whole table of like
like people that are fans but here's a
few of hi alright some out here in
Brooklyn I'm on this talk show what's up
man hi so
aquafina has this like talk so she's
doing she's interviewing me on I'm
trying to define Brad I know it's too
late it's too late was it okay no was
all right so Aquafina has his talk show
she's doing it's called talk she has me
up hey what's up
so not weird either the right all right
she's crazy
all right so we're doing this thing she
hasn't me doing all types of crazy
reckless ratchet shit for her show they
got me in this getup is this a 2000
Dipset camera on fit she's blowing up
what are you doing right now all blowing
up a blow up down it doesn't have
nipples mm-hmm and the last after my
week of shooting and chillin New York I
must bid you farewell for tomorrow
morning I packed my bags and head to
Chicago for a show and Northwestern
University I'm selling boots gonna be
mainly talking and a little bit of
rapping but you know it's been a while
since I've been in Chicago haven't been
there since the ytf show so looking
forward it's just kind of chilling in
chiraq a bit it's what the young uns
call it Chief Keef no bang bang the
royal pain is the clean your highness
Thank You King shit so if y'all go to
the male strip club and if there's a
dick in your face okay I don't mind if
you grab it you can grab the stripper
dick just don't stroke it you know I'm
saying cuz that takes it to a whole
nother level
