good morning you sexy motherfuckers
welcome back to sex castle Andrew Garcia
Benji two times follow them on Twitter
and Instagram
Benji is a sweetie
cook everyone breakfast ladies don't
forget Benji cooks oh yeah that is so
BAE
so babe Benji cooks ladies he eats the
coachee Benji don't okay Benji tongue
one of these clockwise to making the
mosa guys mimosa yeah and you please
washes dishes and you eat the couch as
well no I've seen these things into the
couch ladies so if that thing is loose
you get good acoustics in that
motherfucker reverberations Benji's over
here cooking sausage so he can get y'all
that sausage okay okay girl you the best
you guys it up you guys are the best
wait wait what's your name where you
came from nothing
there's my dad our dad he's holding
loyal you know here at the restaurant
grabbing grabbing with these dudes
so actually I'm not I don't know who
they are you I'm Brandon don't want
sweet Kenny so thanks for coming the
restaurant guys see ty smile hey Steph
come come here that's not it look I got
sexy man that the restaurant girls come
through all right thanks for coming
are you from yeah almost crazy oh that's
crazy
it's Monday Sunday Funday it's the night
of the Eclipse as you can see you can't
really see it but the moon is nice and
bright tonight I got my I got the wolf
pack here with me you know I'm saying
hmm Benji two times uh-huh and you go
see you mom
we got some seafood soup yes we got some
fish we got some duck Oh guys and let me
tell you duck in good man I'm gonna say
I was gonna say but that's been quacking
me up put it on my bill so we're all
chillin at the gates edge causal board
angie was like I want some dessert so I
was like I'm down let's go chat tool oh
yeah hallo hallo if you don't know what
hallo hallo is it's like a Filipino
dessert
it's like mad taro ice cream and like
jelly stuff all around it's kinda hard
to explain but it's so bomb it's so bomb
how you like avenging oh you get a
little taro you know I'm saying you get
somebody's here tapioca
your little whipped cream mmm it's the
night of the blood moon eclipse me and
young Benji out here in these streets it
and these creature we all here you know
I'm saying flamed up you know I'm saying
what's bracken y'all's real brazii out
here right now you know I'm saying you
can't really you can barely see the moon
that blood moon looking like a pop a lit
bit boogie you know I'm saying like I
just took a bump out of that chopper so
I'm saying yeah it looks like it's all
booted up chewed up is what I'm saying
yeah and you know it's getting kind of
cold so we bout to go in get some
bambbles bacon noodle soup you know I
got that soup joke from someone on
Twitter I can't take credit for that
some of you dudes are too comfortable
with your homies man it's gay bro y'all
need to relax right guys yeah so good
yeah so we all set for another skit I
wrote you know I'm saying we got amber
sureiy back you might see her into our
sanity you seen her in the TSA security
video we got John fucking now we got the
whole crew up here we got a whole hell
Oh everybody ha everybody in here is
about to twerk it's not great Hey it's
gonna be so dope amber thank you so much
amber is always down follow her on
everything okay she got a deleted cuz
she was always posing nasty pictures no
yeah halfway read it but no okay amber
charade amber Surrey follow
yeah you're talking and then he's gonna
come up and they're gonna do a thumbs up
so you want to or you want a job yeah
yeah John you cute you tell when it
comes up we're rolling and actually I'm
working
all right here all right and start
throwing it up
you're good and action okay
how you guys feeling hold it down for
Asia girl hey where we get into studios
have a boy traffic come out
he supported he's mad two hours of
traffic accident I forgot to call the
police to say he was coming I'm chilling
right now but it's a nice light here
everyone make sure y'all treat him that
I need to direct all his video shot
James all this we did though we wish you
a Merry Christmas video you did a good
job
I always wanted to be in a temple also
father we have the real Julian on
Twitter shot a semi-pro Charlie Rose
mitimiti to me and I always wanted to be
a ranger and say algae yellow ranger
right so it's a beautiful gloomy day
we're heading to Coachella it's week two
got the boys with me really sucks but
you two times SHM and juice mace Marsh
Mia they were trying to get there on
time to catch ASAP and they sat boys and
yeah man we have a need we're like on
like hot cheetos and chocolate right now
hey that's the name of the group hot
cheetos and child
how you guys feeling what's up top turn
it up we turn it up oh my god and took
like three ecstasy pills you super horny
his dick is down right now Benji's dick
been out since before we even left the
house it's crazy right now it's crazy
right now yo before I close this vlog
out there's more Coachella footage
booties performances but you also watch
this skit on nacho punch all about
hipsters that love music festivals it's
really funny we definitely saw a lot of
hipsters up there this weekend so check
that out it's called hipsters love music
festivals check it out link in the
description the Royal penis is clean
your highness thank you King shit this
is my first music festival and I love it
I've met a lot of interesting people
it's not just about the music it's a
community
I've been going since it was like a
single weekend long I've been gone since
it was just a few guys around a stereo
and a Home Depot parking lot I've been
here for 30 years
