good morning Canada you know we all
cheer cheer LAN you know I'm saying
Canada she's cooking breakfast like a
beautiful girlfriend does for her man
and I you know I spent the whole day
cleaning her house right babe mm-hmm and
so she's gonna try and flip Oh
do it you can shuffle even one no it's
easier if they're stuck okay almost I
almost got all of them yeah what you
know about that egg flipping expert he
found plain too much scared me while I
was brushing my teeth right so my
toothbrush jabbed like the back of my
tongue
mm-hmm luckily a man and I can handle
that she would be crying right now yes
you would be doing exactly that right
now I can wear a suit let me show you
guys what happened I don't know if you
can see but like back here I'm gonna
slit my tongue around so y'all can see
but it's like a piece of my tongue piece
of my chunk missing yeah I got your
whole back there and I really hope it's
like a flesh wound
Oh baby I'm gonna get you back so good
I'm gonna get you back so ho good so
this is Mary soul she is it's like she's
nice she's my cousin so like your second
cousin cousin now oh okay
hmm say subscribe to Timothy DeLaGhetto
on you too goodbye Canada it's been fun
guys she i'ma put C on the next track
it's working she's so good guys it's
working and singing okay what's good I'm
on my way to North Hollywood to suit a
little rap hippy hoppity ciphering with
some fellow hippity hoppity rappers I
wrote this shit while I finished writing
the shit on the plane spent the whole
night
we're not the whole night spent a couple
hours trying to memorize it hopefully I
don't forget anything I got a problem
memorizing the lyrics sometimes but you
know we should be good we should be good
we should be doing all right so I just
did this this here cypher operas invited
me to be a sniper
we got this dude he's up-and-coming
rapper yes and hello introduces hey
hello and which is that done wrapping
his shit and i'm saying i'm benjy two
times he has hair now
facial hair oh my god hotel was good so
we saw your grab-ass in sushi catching
up chit-chatting and I was telling Benjy
yeah I always eat shit like this the
salmon eggs because when I was a little
kid right everything my mom taught me
was to get girls like it was like you
better brush your teeth because if your
teeth are messed up girls aren't gonna
like you like you better eat vegetables
because if you're fat girls are gonna
like you and that maybe this does me
thinking too much but if I eat shit like
that
if I eat their power then I will be my
sex skills my fucking skills will be
better if I consume their fertilization
with powers and then it goes into my
soul you know saying she didn't say all
that this is just kind of me thinking
about it
but so I get down on the salmon eggs you
know I'm saying
I feel my erection popping off right now
as we speak all right so we out here
shooting this J snow pro skit he wrote a
funny script usually I hate everybody
else's ideas but this one is funny
well something who you introduce
yourself oh it's good I don't you do yes
sir we in Juke studio right now
what's up dawg oh man it's funny stuff
it's funny stuff Rick all right and you
know how we do comedy classics hair on
point new chains hey Thank You Man
appreciate that bro I like this guy man
I just met this dude I like this on day
of shooting and driving around we are
getting some drinks and some you know
chillin with Mia and the freakin the
hottest moms you'll ever run into
actually well I'm just waiting for the
milk solids like am i okay milf milf
turn up the struggle good morning
it's world of dance time
and you Garcia's here we got Benjie back
there bitches Range Rovers so today we
go in the world dance I'm hosting he's
performing it's about to be mad homeys
mad people should be a good time yeah
bogan would bitch
okay we mean agree
so we out here world of dance wait wait
it's crazy as mad people
what's that bra for you sweet oh yeah
shout at the Meijer in Arcadia fire yeah
I'm out here world of dead Los Angeles
makes annoyed
/ I'm about to go long wait y'all stay
away first
it's a goof you shit alright well the
dance is over big well the dance is over
about to go home I'm exhausted
what's that bro the Royal penis is clean
your highness Thank You King shit hmm
this is just like you mmm with the curl
look at combos like my dick yeah and it
go this way
fresh fish makes me so wet baby can't
get this fish yeah
you should go to doctor you probably got
yeast infection
