hey come again
tweet I saw my homegirls from Seattle
around hey what's up and I walking on
the on this pier in a rental but same
old a San Jose yeah whore away yeah
alright so we just wrapped this meeting
with the man himself check it out check
it out nigger who else serious look real
seriously yeah that right there was was
a pretty special moment for me you know
I looked up to Russell Simmons for a
long time when people would ask me what
I want to be when I grow up I would
always say like Diddy Russell Simmons
Donald Trump you know I really look up
to those dudes that have built an empire
by themselves and just have a hand in
everything and are just like moguls with
this shit you know cuz that's what I'm
trying to do you know so just to meet
with him and and and and and talk about
working together and stuff man I really
you know feels good man it feels good it
feels good to know that your hard work
and your dedication and years of
grinding are paying off and and and and
it feels nice to know that my moves that
I've made are turning into bigger moves
you know just nice mash nice now
brethren Carlos is here in LA for a
couple days aside to grab some food real
quick I'm trying to get healthy and shit
you know like I always am so I bought
the the protein burger from for me in
and out he's trying to tell me that I
got the regular burger you start really
easy staying in the south I probably
couldn't even get a protein burger now
they don't even how to make their hotel
just make a
December they don't make sense it's
brittle mush hey can I get some pork so
Danny Riel was back in town she's having
a photo shoot I decided to stop by and
say hi she's eating a burger gross bro
so what is this for Danny um my t-shirt
don't know you look like chocolate why
not well that's how it was like father
sandwich his cars here maybe you went to
a different spot who you wrote for
little Nomad with my ugly work well
what'd you do
Steve and I take pictures them that's
what he does so you finally got back
into the states
huh got your shit figured out she was
banned for a while stuck in Canada we
all end in the u.s. Pinet okay hey hey
USA USA
hey hey I miss your face man it's good
to see you good to see Oh Danny Rio get
it back back though
tronic what's up bro what's up I got
some homegirls from out of town showing
them around look good what's good what's
good we out here in LA I should go
shopping on Fairfax is shit
palm trees Nate Dogg top-down Westside
Cali shit in and out you know I'm saying
light-skinned cooking castles Monopoly
board she's crazy
sup bro appreciate it yeah all day
gotcha they want to lace me up with like
a box of free shit right now right yeah
alright so we took Tina at her first
ever Disneyland on a trip so apparently
when there's an earthquake at Disneyland
all the rides shut down until the safety
person can come so and it was earthquake
like ten minutes ago so all we our only
option right now because uh is the
merry-go-round
die die now omelette right now just to
see if I can do it cuz I got like I got
eggs and shit and I got sausages and
shit I'm trying to use up my groceries
before I leave town we'll see how this
omelette comes out you boy made omelette
the hoe not too shabby
not too shabby was good ah sang venya
haaa what he had a hoochie mama ha ha
so I'm flying to finally after so long
me and she actually had to skip a visit
last time she was actually supposed to
be a plane to live with me but because
of like scheduling and I was gonna be so
busy up there we skipped that trip so
it's actually been like an extra for me
and she anyways an extra long
little drought for us since we've seen
each other what's been like a month but
still feels like forever I know for you
guys it feels like forever because you
haven't seen her face in a bunch of logs
you miss her I miss her but finally
flying back to see my quesadilla you
know I'm saying and uh hey Dad I cheer
miss you can my dad Missouri sick of
tape he's sick of me Rick sick of me
finally go get to get some quality time
some QT with my QT if I'm saying
yeah I'm saying yeah so I'm here at GG's
house she went to work I've been
chilling here literally all day I
haven't been doing shit but watching TV
and reading YouTube comments cuz I just
put up a video and I made a vine and
shit alone at my girl's spot what to do
yes and she texted me she's like hey
let's make quesadillas tonight cook the
chicken I don't know how to cook some
quesadilla chicken so she's like Google
some shit so I googled some shit uh-huh
I got the chicken I sliced it up and I
don't know if I'm doing this right but
hey hey quesadillas bitch look guys I'm
cooking shit son huh motherfucking
chicken cooking quesadillas with my case
said she I I was doing like a super good
job and she came in mess it all up but
you know like that just yeah hold on
them to do this first love for it babe
sana quesadillas like a taco
you know white look at the bomb
empanadas tacos we made guys
superbomb now we're gonna have a nice
night of wine
we're gonna watch frozen I've never seen
frozen and uh yeah excited bad hmm yeah
Cheers
cheese fella so she took me to this
little into cut she was spotted out here
in her City check this out check out
these and pick like a spot check these
out check this out
bring him look at that see it's like
cork and then it like I was like a weird
tongue that comes over these shoes are
by gourmet is the name of the company
you like a big okay never mind
partitions on that means you don't want
to talk about shoes she wants to go home
so we can get it in right babe no okay
don't listen to her because she said
peaches oh okay
peaches rest in peace peaches I can't
make a dirty joke now you brought up
peaches
Wow that's my attendant so we have
another movie night and look what she
bought me guys anchorman 2 cuz she knows
that's my shit I bet I feeling down
there you good you get color nice and
cozy
and um you know sorry that's all you
guys get cuz uh movie night so get on my
face right be at my face guys want to
see me it's not cheese but Reina babe
you guys wants me it's not cheese but
the Royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit don't strip this is
not the end of Chea footage there will
be more chief footage in the next vlog I
just want to take a little break right
now to tell you that remember when I was
at South by Southwest in Texas a couple
weeks ago with all those interviews that
I did with artists are now up on
youtube.com slash maker music or link in
the description there's a playlist of
all the interviews there's like mad
funny shit we did like we know we'd
rather have a dick where your nose is or
knows where your dick is we ask them
what's their policy on Smashing groupies
a whole bunch of people
everybody the homies dime-a-dozen
hilarious interview through Jude if
y'all know who he is a bunch of bands
like the internet from our future and
I'm just a bunch of fun interviews so go
check those out link in the description
and yeah oh and real the real all-in is
coming back soon - you guys are a fan of
that okay so stay tuned to that and more
Chea footage and next vlog peace
