got getting pulling at the Grove
shopping is sit with with a new friends
we've never actually really kicked it
but we out here out here honey cocaine
right now right so I got a salad because
I was in Texas eating mad carbs at me oh
because there's a reason for this and
then I ordered this
I was kids thinking it's not too sexy oh
not knowing who's got to come out all
the girly Monday Sunday Funday you know
how we do we got mom's cooking up a
storm you know how we do we got pops
over here sipping on some water you know
how he do should have a need man okay we
got a giant lobster on deck you know I'm
saying we got this soup right here what
kind of soup is that this small soup
we got the green bean things starving
right I'm not not wrapping a bro yeah
bro
so Mia Rick bought like tickets for
10:45 showing of the new 300 movie and
check it out y'all nobody here that
means make out time for me and Ricky
shucks y'all rigs dig it up but y'all
can't see it cuz it's black it is a
black dick black dick yeah
some up in LA and popular demands to
store their open their lunch dough on
their back we out here she's my mom's
birthday yeah oh yeah yeah there's a
party going on there's a party going on
back there yeah yeah yeah happy birthday
turn up turn up turn up turn up turn up
turn up turn up turn up turn up turn up
so heading to Orlando Florida for a
playlist live and a club event at vane
you know my parents got to drop me off
in the compact time we're gonna come
back over in the Mini Cooper that I
bought my dad fourth birthday it can be
a family car you know the aging family
any kind
Amiata oh so I'm back in Orlando for
playlist live just checked in the hotel
already in the lobby it was like a
selfie extravaganza but it's all good
I'm here about to wash my balls and then
go to this club event at club vain if
y'all are in Orlando come through
actually I don't know why I said that
because you're not gonna see this I'm so
probably like a week from now turn it
look at this big-ass picture of my face
vain nightclub yeah
Oh
I don't know what happened I don't know
what happened
worldstar we are here Orlando you know
I'm saying we just got the club I
thought people would battle in but then
someone got tackled I'm just trying to
get some pizza we just left the club
motherfucker
so it's my first official day I played
this live I'm gonna go downstairs see
what's going on
check out maybe a panel or two
apparently I missed my first panel
because I wasn't reading my itinerary
right but um here we go
playlist live oh my god it's youtuber
galore oh my god oh my god oh my oh my
god want coffee
it's my yeah you have Tim this is gonna
be on your videos yeah blog oh that's
how you that's how you man
bring it here cheek to cheek Oh
screenshot that makes you too buddy
last night party must have been too
crazy cuz I woke up what a bitch next to
me in the bad cause oh my gosh what did
i do last night
I hear playlist another day walking
around alright guys so we're taking a
little break from playlist live and
we're going to Disney World again Disney
World
Disney World now we're on this little
ferry to go see these fairies in comes
in oh it will excuse me mister captain
man we're gonna roll up on the castle
right now well I guess not rolled up
we're gonna sail up on this castle right
now when you lame oh yeah construction
workers on the lam Disneyland all day
Disneyland all day
end of the day leaving Disneyworld
eric is tuckered out me a rig ready to
turn up turn up time and this little boy
keeps bumping my arm and as I'm filming
I'm afraid he's gonna knock the camera
out of my hand
I'll kill him I'm trying to walk around
I play this right
I like trying to do like a mean green
I'm like selfies selfies everywhere but
this chick is crying what's your name
jasmine I was like cry it's good blog
footage thank you thank you thank you
Oh God lucky - thank you
big booty white girls running around
drunk people you white boys running
around calling my booty back that's a
good prayer with my children I got to
hear the lobby saga superwoman Lily you
know she is what I was yeah and then
look who stopped by what's name Baca hey
I'm down okay
oh is that a banana in your pocket or
you just having it oh oh oh it's his
dick the Royal penis is clean your
highness thank you King shit
