it's another day's shooting another part
of this video I shot oh shit we got
Monica the boss Monica the box glitter
in her butt
and are we out here in Playa del Rey
Beach and it's a quick little little
scene for one of my skits and yeah
Monica how's that how's that but
glitterin going for show it's okay yeah
where can they find you you can find me
on Instagram or Twitter at Monica's of
us and also on Facebook Monica
Whiteville Monaco okay for so Jorge
Thank You Man thank you I need you to
glitter my booty - okay what y'all know
about that Pearl Jam no so we just had
dinner one day fun day and my parents
broke out this old tape from junior high
check this out
guys that's my first girlfriend says or
does she's strange the other day
yellow and he almost choked to death I
saw that that was pretty funny I can't
believe you has a sick do these guys
look at this
eighth grade eighth grade
this is Oklahoma That's not me but this
is Oklahoma I was in this in high school
inside
and four o'clock in the morning and one
of the airport cuz we go on to South by
Southwest oh my god I'm going to Austin
Texas for South by Southwest my dad take
care of mom howdy howdy Texas yeah
alright so I'm waiting at this Airport
for my flight and it's super early and
this dude what's up man tell him
chi-chi-chi says I influenced him
growing up to get into fashion and now
he's about to be real big in the fashion
world let him know ya bro the brand I
mean yeah what let him know whatever
yahoooo started like about five years
ago when he had cupcake James Baker
Channel yeah yeah so that what got me
started into fashion and started doing
my own stuff and Facebook and Instagram
not have own brain suite now I guess
it's all brand well suit man I'm glad I
could be a positive influence in your
life bro and you're looking sharp you're
looking sharp
now here in Austin we like rented this
like dope house Santos I'm here with
maker people with hey what's up Rousseau
Grady Renee hi and yeah we out here baby
South by Southwest walking around
walking around sixth Street area new
friends what's up bro new friend who are
you let him know around royal the Crown
Royal hello good Jenny food kitchen we
are Jim of course with the two times
ran into some fans who was stalking me
on Twitter what's up Oh adorable thing
you guys need to put my videos on and
then do it while my videos are playing
is back
I already agreed to I'm becoming a homie
some dog payment I love Timothy girl I
followed him like seven years but I love
him shoutout to Christina pen who loves
him to see them just like you
all right
the end of my Knights III over day a
bike cab trike tries to go cat what do
you call yourself bro
pedicab a pedicab I over it a pedicab
here going home it was a fun night and
yeah man it's up my Southwest hey turn
up how you doing bro
chillin out here 6th Street eating up
but let the you know saying and um it
ran into a fan who check this out guys
check this out I don't know if you can
see that but I am her wallpaper there we
go
yeah oh thank you who are you Lena Lena
where you from sweet oh mama here in
South by Southwest because I'm gonna be
shooting interviews with different
artists it is a biggie fan with maker
GPS and official hats
thanks for singing
hey it was Becky's birthday on Sunday
guys happy birthday happy birthday baby
Jenny give my birthday lap dance right
now go good out of here huh
we got the official hats you know I'm
saying um over here and they're hooking
me up with a bunch of hats you know I
appreciate that what's up bro hey Tom
yeah yeah what's up how you doing what's
going on good yeah so did about to lace
me out with a bunch of hats you know I
got a big-ass head so I like to rock
hats even though my hair is looking
luxurious these days I still rock their
hats so uh yeah yeah check that I was
there like a website no official brand
comm the official brand calm we got
buckets and um and and fucking five
panels six panels strapped back snap
backs yeah
thank you I've been with this for a long
time we helped turn a little hyper dude
in front of a wet hand making stupid
videos and it helped me we didn't eyes
my seat and then turn it into something
that I could live off my dreams if it
was the maker forever I know
juggling
so you already know mean that boy Benji
peeing right now you know I'm saying we
have the Texaco gas station goddamn I
wipe it go down with it the Royal penis
is clean your highness
Thank You King shit now what
