birthday and I invited a bunch of people
over for a little get-together some of
them showed up so now it's here hi there
you're back Thank You PD flow and the
lovely Karla superego lovely to Brie
Ricky shut up me happy birthday - Tim
hey thanks for coming back I get scared
when you know you had a few drinks like
okay I gotta compose myself
vlogging this is public I've already
said too much Chester at Chester
Chester's Pat doesn't drink he doesn't
drink at all he doesn't talk to girls
hahaha how to hold up things of it uh
well I - things up with the perma life
config imagine huh baby come through you
do sir
now Chester playing on my penis no
Chester doesn't do that Chester doesn't
play with vaginas or penis I don't know
what he's talking about
thank you sir friend Lindsey I'll go
Thank You Tina we went to high school
together guys I was I was just geometry
teacher yeah no guys Pablo pop this is
Pablo and he's like uh he's like one of
the funniest people I know
come on now he's one of the funniest
people I just use this to subscribe
watching shit bitches that love puns
suck
Pablo's dick in my dreams all the time
follow him on Twitter hi Pablo in ninth
grade guys I would comment Peter ninth
grade and he was so annoying Oh super
some things never change
this is like guys speaking Spanish no I
was always so convincing
I mean I'm a kid and he got me in a
musical suppose I go do dislike girls in
his busy oh yeah oh there why the music
he's and then I filmed them he's a
reason why I got in YouTube I feel like
I got no girl in a film these two guys
are really really a part of my my own
each other on the show Manjula ha eco
calm ego Detroit icon about my t-shirts
like sir Oh follow me and are
youtube.com slash Andrew Garcia shit you
know I've known these guys for so long
uh since since like sophomore year of
high school
oh thank you bro thank you back back for
that baby left
um wait wait this is like the old way
disliked all the the old logo yes oh
yeah
feel my bad you ruined it who is that
hey me and Rick are the side chicks yeah
nobody hears about then you're the
newest friend I'm the newest Morgan also
the newest my roommate it's okay the
newest trends of the year most
attractive don't give them to friends so
I'm a new friend first time to do to the
the friends that become wait what is it
- the today this is a night that become
memories no that's not it I hate that
one I thought it's to the nights that
become memories the friends that become
family and the dreams that become
reality happy birthday chilling out
do this I Love You Man Wow fuck this for
USA right here boys girls draw he hates
America
very light where's my truck it is just
got serious
like real serious
yeah you think I whatever broccoli
defense secret right the next day after
a long night of man beer pong birthday
celebrations I'm out in a studio city
right now gonna finish shooting this
pajama pants video oh I never told you
guys I'm sure they can't even put me on
a song called pajama pants it's with me
Nick migos and future and we're wrapping
up the video today because we shot some
of it in New York and I'm out here at
the incredible studios oh it's just
another day on the job you know I'm
saying uh I'm in the Lambo you don't say
and uh you got the boss
from eBay either way with that cake in
my face like so maybe it'll be more in
the screen oh yeah I'm trying to tell
you wake up with a pretty easy
what's that Yasha quite back home okay
well this is this is Lauren if y'all
annoys the Wilin out girl and I know why
you're not girl do you anything back
stolen they do a check out the Hat oh
and yeah we just grabbed this video and
um thank you oh uh well yeah yes I must
look a little strong from the side from
the side that day the right light yeah
alright
I'm not worried about anything
Oh
Oh
