oh it's it's free pancake did I fight it
everybody hey guys but you always get
free pancakes damn I was funny is Rick
was like are you sure it's not 7 to 10
and I think we got here and he's like
single Tim and I was like come on I'm
Eric I'm sorry and he was like that's a
weird request so finally back home for
Sunday Monday fun day you know and you
know what someone said the other day on
tumblr dad they said maybe instead of
you know cuz I say Sunday Monday like
it's like Saturday Sunday but maybe it's
Sunday like Sunday Monday fun day get it
so as always my mom threw down in the
kitchen and this is what she made and we
got some dumb cock guy some soup we got
some steamed mussels here and then we
have some ham and asparagus stinky Pete
I'm later thank you with you man wedgie
oh thank you veggies no these don't
think they make your pee stink yeah I'm
beginning to feel a little tickle in my
throat been sneezing all day been
coughing I chew so I'm just kind of
laying in bed made myself a little
emergency drink but I put it in this
light up disney cup that I bought from
Disneyland just cuz I feel like you know
it'll make me feel that much better you
know I'm saying so not only am i healing
myself inside I'm healing my spirit -
you know I'm saying cuz Disneyland just
makes me happy how can this not make you
feel better you know I'm saying so
ah when you wish upon us you know what
up is me the man of the year I'm still a
little sick as you can see I'm at you
coughing and sneezing so um but I got a
little business meeting in LA so you
know gotta get up get that money get
that food cuz I'm hungry um I gotta
discuss them discuss some things you
know this is a good year man this is a
really good year that's like the busiest
year of my life really like you know
I've barely been home I've been
traveling so much I'm a shooting I've
been writing I've been getting shit done
and it it feels good man it really feels
like the planets are aligning this year
you know I'm saying and like and some
big shits I feel it in my bones like
it's about to bounce I don't wanna jinx
it but just it feels good you know so
whoo
gotta gotta get up you know I'm saying
where where no matter if I'm if I'm
sneezing or achoo coughing or or if I'm
other restaurant cuz a couple dudes
tweeted me saying they stopped by you
want to say what's up what's up guys
what's up I say what you just told me
bro stay for the block all right let him
know I was a fat and secure little kid
this looks great
that's when I started watching these
videos then I hit high school he was a
little more confident got skinnier got
buffer to play football and the next you
know I got most attractive there you go
I ain't trying to say it's because of
him you know but I helped but he did
have a little step you know I can use so
now follow him on instagram lady
Instagram Manny says Twitter and Manuel
cigars thanks gram I know
cheesy you too bro you too will slip
ready to win
well how did I help you in life you know
I said well you're not allowed to tell
you so you say how I hoped you in life
by my throat bro okay well shit all
right dough high five high five guys uh
alright thanks for stopping by before my
birthday my birthday Eve and my
homegirls Mariah and Natasha came
through and surprised me with a cake
check it out oh isn't that sweet they
got the necrons on their candles Thank
You girls thank you to get you out of
focus okay
good morning it's a beautiful day it's
officially my birthday I was born in the
morning around 8 23 what my mom tells me
so it's a beautiful day it's another
year of life I'm excited this has
probably been like the best year of my
life ever like work is amazing career is
amazing I've never been busier my girl
is beautiful relationship I'm so happy I
got my own spot it's dirty as shit right
now
but life is good man friends holding me
down families happy life is beautiful
i'ma wear this onesie as much as I can
today cuz I can't do that got a haircut
I'm feeling good I'm feeling good
feeling great feeling great feeling good
how are you I figured I'd get my mom
some flowers since it's my birthday cuz
I didn't do shit on my birthday you know
I'm saying I got born my mom was in
labor for a couple days she got sliced
open so if anything she deserves the
present so even though it's my birthday
you know as always the grind does not
stop even though I'm kind of sick even
though it's my birthday soon another
skit cuz it's been a while since I'm put
out a skit got my boy super-ego here
and as always George thank you
appreciate it
the day my girl is giving birth I want
to be doing a small part in a totally
sketch intern what is your name
Katerina the intern rice back there
bouncing like a sick blind in Oh bacon
I'm kidding thanks man I'm shooting the
next part of the skit got everything you
need
got fried chicken got the lovely Bobby
Dean hey Bobby Dean Bobby Dean what
you've been up since other people they
want to know well I'm expecting a baby
mm-hmm
it's gonna be a chicken baby oh yes
because I it's so weird because i jizz
on the chicken before I gave her a piece
but that's disgusting that's not even
funny it's just gross laughs and she's
gonna be competing in the Miss what
Queen of the Universe pageant set for
March 16th and I'm representing
Dominican Republic hey they are okay the
minute before tonight's turn up at my
spot excuse me
having some birthday family dinner even
though it's not Monday you know it's
it's my born day this woman this man had
a little threesome yes that's how that's
how it started started from the bottom
she yes what Jack Daniels yeah
Oh my present oh yeah look what they got
me guys
it's a giant picture of baby picture of
me the Royal penis is clean your
highness
Oh we're listening to old cassette tapes
of me talking this is like four years
old five three years old let's take a
listen
they're messing with me
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
