so I'll be also I'm back in traffic you
say the prices of my love's not a price
that you're willing to pay you cry so uh
I thought I'd do a quick since I'm stuck
in traffic I've been running around like
trying to get these immigration papers
ready cuz we got to apply for this
I just k1 visa but a lot of people be in
my comments and asking me on Twitter and
shit like yo Tim what's up with you and
Mia Khalifa what's up with that
that video I seen of you me a khalifa
walking in Beverly Hills whatever
whatever was good with that what's going
on town
I got um and I wasn't gonna talk about
it but then like um you know it's kind
of my first little little paparazzi
experience so I was like all right well
let me address it because you know
people people always like to speculate
in speculate and assume shit me and Mia
Khalifa or cool
we followed each other a long time ago
you know I'm saying that I was always
like yo you know like yo if you want
everyone to be in like a skit you know
I'm saying we'll do something funny blah
blah blah she was like yo your videos
are funny blah blah and she really like
fucks with like food and food life and
you know ask my shit she follows like my
food account and all that so she's been
in LA doing her show that she does with
complex and and I was in LA and we were
just like yo let's grab food let's chop
it up let's see we can do I'm trying to
get her on like the next season of going
raw and so we got together got some
lunch so I'm trying to like discuss
maybe doing a little food show with her
she's good peoples and it was crazy
because I was just you know we met up we
got some food and as soon as we got up
bro it was like camera people snapping
like videographer the motherfucking not
TMZ but the Hollywood whatever Hollywood
something whatever the the YouTube
channel is and just asking her questions
about like little yadi and about like
everybody and I was like yo that's crazy
they wasn't saying shit to me one of the
comment was like yo Tim's being so quiet
he's trying to be secretive about it you
don't want you to know I'm like bro come
on now you think you think if I was
trying to be secretive about it I would
first of all I would just go to some you
know random open restaurant in Halle
Berry the hills and second do you think
if I was trying to be secretive about it
I wouldn't just fucking run into the
bathroom or some shit when I saw the
cameras like paparazzi was there I'm
walking to my car
we're walking together and I was quiet
because the motherfuckers weren't asking
me questions I wasn't trying to be that
dude that was like hey guys uh I do
stuff too I uh I do stuff too guys ask
me questions you don't say and they were
there for her it was asking her
questions I was chilling what'd you
think about these NBA wives putting
their men on blast like that you like
isn't that kind of embarrassing that
alike should Dwayne be embarrassing oh
and trust me trust me you already know
before I went on the lunch I was like
hey babe you know I'm gonna go you know
do a little little business meet lunch
with with Mia Khalifa blah blah blah you
know she's she's an ex adult actress and
I was at and immediately afterwards I
like bein guess what the fuck happened
they TMZ to us and kind of told her
about that that was it that's it man how
you guys doing that's that that's really
all it is you know I'm Shauna you know I
don't know what what the deal is with
her show with her show contract but we
just you know we wrapped we wrapped this
season finale of going raw so we shootin
the season finale of gone raw if you're
not watching you fucking up we bout to
shoot the last episode which means you
can finally use your free your free week
and just binge watch all the episodes I
and then and then delete it out okay but
look who we got man as the season finale
guests the man himself what's up man oh
hey brother how are you what I'm sorry I
see when when Wayne Brady gets drunk off
they had to see that's when he's gonna
start choking all you bitches definitely
freestyle right now yeah freestyle juice
hey man I appreciate you bro oh man come
on this was
been one of the best afternoons I've had
welcome sir yeah yeah okay hi thank you
like who you ladies just in case uh they
want to know in the in the comments like
what your name crystal cooper okay cool
hi hi hi Christina Cal yay so and he
brought me some fat burger it's like
super lit guys yeah so this is just the
first thing that we gonna do stuff
together oh yeah
you know these Hollywood folks in their
Hollywood Tommy so we are wraps we are
all done wrapped up another episode of
going on this looks like a big ol party
orgy situation it was the 6 episode 6 6
6 6 mess audio I'll use Canadian boy 20
oz if I get it shot in four so you
always am some self up like so you owe
me 20 so you owe me 20 min so if you
make that I give you 50 alright but if
you if you miss it you give me 50 I bet
all right let's go $50 50 American
dollars too because the Canadian dollars
gotta Aaron so I'm either gonna get a
second season of going raw or you know
I'm gonna pitch some other shows it's a
full screen just like I've been pitching
shows to everybody else my whole my
whole hustle right now is just trying to
pitch shows and get them picked up you
know because like everybody's looking
for content you know I'm saying
everybody's trying to compete with
Netflix so you got like fullscreen go 9
Amazon Hulu you know and then like all
the other like TV channels they have you
know ABC digital and BC digital all
these all these people all these people
are need content and so um
my whole hustle right now is Shana Pitt
shows sell shows you know produce shit
act and shit right shit of course of
course I still got that show with with
going with I still got that show Kevin
Hart's program lol his app and the show
is a hip-hop lies that's still that's
still going on I hope it's still going
on cuz you know that the check is nice
so trying to make sure that's still
happening and you haven't that's it guys
that's it you know just uh just looking
for just trying to make the next big
move you know going to shoot the next
season Wilin out I was in Brooklyn for
like two days and I had to come back to
Elliott's you're going wrong I'm going
back to Brooklyn tonight so uh young
well that's it
so I wanna fill you guys in no I am NOT
Mia Khalifa side ting no she is not my
side team just grabbing some lunch guys
people can get lunch with someone of the
opposite sex and they're not fucking I
just like food you know I'm saying so if
someone's trying to get food I'm like
let's fucking get some food talk about
how we gonna get this money that's
that's it bro
business meetings are dope because it's
all just like money and food let's eat
some fucking bomb ass food and figure
out how we gonna get this money all
right that's it I appreciate you I love
you if you're from the Brooklyn area and
you know of a good place to eat leave it
in the comments below because I'll be in
Brooklyn for like the next two weeks
shooting Wilin out if you want to take
us awhile and output a one iota calm and
sign up that's it
i top bye
whoo several it's game all right
house we crazy Eisen you change these
pants whoa know what huh house we get I
I don't know what's going on but how are
you in two places
what the hey I'm the real Tim bro what
the what's he doing here I'm the real
Tim no I got something
oh yes no don't do it please you shoot
him it's me all right I'm an ask
question only the real Tim we know the
answer to our we are not estimable gross
oh no that's disgusting you remember New
York oh you had a little mix girl that
you don't know crazy man oh man thank
you kidding me hey no problem man you
never know when another Tim from
alternate universe might stop in it's
gotta ruin the show you know right
