I am having a rough-ass day today man
I'm like I'm on my way to this interview
with KTLA that the news the Channel 5
News out here just do a little interview
about YouTube stuff and then I'm
supposed to go do this shoot afterwards
but I'm like I'm like kind of sick and I
spilled orange juice on myself in the
car it's fucking hot I'm falling asleep
on the freeway I'm late already because
as you can see traffic as stupid as
always bumper-to-bumper as always and uh
it's just a rough fast day man yeah
y'all know all right guys so I just wrap
this interview for KTLA with who are you
sweet sweet and I so just wrap this
interview about actually about that
remember when I got fired from cpk yeah
and they should air when next Monday
night KTLA news comedies you know what
day it is it's shot the wrong sue Monday
Sunday Funday I'm here with my dad son
I'm here with my mom and I'm mod and
here's a look at some of the this week's
fictions here which is Khao man gai aka
a chicken but it's chicken and if the
rice is cooked with the chicken broth
instead of water which makes the rice
like extra like savory really bomb and
you gotta have like this dookie brown
sauce with it but it's so good and we
also got some like like a filleted fish
here what you order fish fillet and some
soup yes yes turn up turn up turn up man
guys we just watched the lego movie and
we're the only ones in the whole theater
yeah everything is nothing
yeah nobody's here but I yeah
let go Risa's the reason that we here
the reason that we so on a way to Vegas
we're gonna Vegas is because there's a
clothing trade show called magic and
agenda and usually I used to just go
because I would try to get free clothes
from all the all the different like
brands and stuff but you know this time
me erect or have to have goody so we're
gonna go you know network try and learn
some things figuring out some things for
for goodie and see what we need to do
and work on and all that and and take
down some prostitutes right red Oh
I'm a with Julia and every of course
it's girl tweeted me she was like hey if
you in Vegas you should come to my
restaurant I woke you up with some ribs
so we have time we have time is going to
hell it's rib time going down no
brother's wife this buff it's called
tc's rib crib though and they got
kool-aid on the menus purple kool-aid
and red kool-aid and and it's actually
bomb it's macaroni and cheese ribs
barbecue chicken green cone bread ain't
none ain't nothing wrong with that this
is the girl that's leading me to come hi
video hi so thanks for inviting me it's
really good so now I'm stopping by this
store called new to get some clothes
because my boy cash he he's also a
YouTube rapper quote-unquote he's gonna
hook me up with some shit right now
city's cats that new hooking me up with
some baseball jersey here's some fresh
gear right here yeah appreciate it man
appreciate ya what's up
thank you appreciate it that's new to
Vegas yeah jinda you know just
networking trying to get free clothes
and shit fancy double what's up bro so
yeah so guys I'm out here with follow
follow this dude on Twitter I do have a
message why you all in my business bro
agenda
my homegirl Kylie from Seattle you might
have seen her in like some old blogs
if you need kicks hit her up I'm
probably gonna buy some red Octobers off
her for like for like a couple of G's or
whatever that's discount though thank
you
Thank You Kylie from the block oh my
hair looks whatever wearing a hat all
day uh I'll be in the bars following on
snapchat so we all cheer in Vegas as you
can see all right lights big stage
50,000 fans screaming in a rage um me
and Rick are a team turned down tonight
I'm kind of sick
Rick's leaving aren't you rick is so
turnt up I take it back um and we're
actually gonna catch a show no club
tonight we're gonna catch a little
little little showed Zumanity it's a
Cirque de Soleil but it's the naked
version and yeah we're seeing it
together and what oh no no I just seems
like we're like really good friends you
don't okay first let me say I realize
you know we were we were talking to the
cab and and we're talking about if you
see comes off gay in the vlog because we
take it so much and then I pointed out
to Rick that the last vlog ended with me
and him getting brunch together and
taking a walk on the beach but fuck that
real men can do that and I have to say
no homo god damn it okay now can we talk
about what happened at this at this show
that we went to go watch right now okay
if you don't know a zoo man
is it is one of the Cirque de Soleil s
which is like you know trippy circus
type shit Zumanity is the more adult one
where they got like naked people and
like more adult themes a lot of sexual
stuff okay so in the middle of the show
they do a lot of shit where they bring
they bring people from the audience up
on stage right so we're sitting there
and dude you know calls out this like
this white chick and then he calls
Rickon stay he's like he's like hey how
about you cause Rick onstage so Rick is
like brings like yeah sure all right so
he goes he pulls up a buzz stage and
dude is like okay we're gonna do I get
spontaneous blind date with these two
right so the host and the host girl
they're like doing all these things that
Rick and the other girl have to reenact
so first he does like a little -
remember dancer dance it was like some
was like something yes yes yeah some
thrusting right so then they like they
do they're like okay you gotta do this
and so he like dips the girl so then
Rick had to like dip the girl and get
real close to her face of shit and then
a little bit my face was on her titties
oh oh they put they made sure his face
was on her titties right so then so then
a bad pops up from the center of the
stage a little pink bed so um so Rick
and this like um and this and his white
chick like there on the bed and they're
trying they're kind of like making them
do like the hey yawn and you know put
your arm around her and the host girl is
like hey you know you should just like
put your leg over him and like
straddling him right so then she climbs
on top of Rick and dress in a dress
it starts bouncing on him it was so good
I couldn't record I wanted to vlog for
y'all but I couldn't and he got one
picture it's not a good picture but me
yo it was so funny hilarious
hey why girls snapchat Ricky's jugs or
do you not want me to put you in
i G DM Ricki shucks white girls you
wanna you know same city pictures booty
pictures whatever
