after a long full day while and outs
guess who was here to greet me in the
hotel room guys a very you've been doing
all day huh you've been here for 12
hours wait nine hours oh there goes the
other guy calling right now saying hey
can I still help do know he's here now
don't come do what I'm already outside
pretty early in the morning to put one
pass old Timothy DeLaGhetto alright
alright babe you got that you got that
good that I got a work and then she
gotta go back to work and I'm gonna
start shooting tomorrow and she has to
do nails and can't and it's early in the
morning
we were super producer any okay yeah
start were you going
okay dance now oh yeah oh yeah okay cool
same thing from that side but that was
your height they gave me something
smooth that was just somebody all right
so what do you think we gotta face oh
yeah okay cool let's go ahead and get
you middle okay well this time get up
remember when you're up you're in the
side for your day okay ready and action
we go get you okay one more time just
like that you started when you went down
a little bit clean down but this time
when you come up to a stance dance hold
stop and then dance down jump it out
ready and Carlos Oh Britney Daly
what hey it's me everyday
we start shooting tomorrow
shut up everybody who don't know me I
don't know your ways funny everybody who
watches me watch him too and just would
o be new Asian fans shut out all the
fucking job
let's say one of the coolest black balls
you'll never meet and bring me a little
bit nice work for my video ok you heard
it
she's a little drunk but it's ok I'm I
still put it up we came to him why we're
chilling right now and why I came to get
some pie face and I got was oh oh oh you
want your on the yeah you're on the
block you're the blog even Rick thank
you now give me my pie oh hey hi you
want it you want to think you're on it
you're in there researching all right so
I just left Rick's room I ran to a bunch
of fans Hey
we took pictures they said they're gonna
buy me ice creams
oh we tried to go out as a big wild and
outcast and turn up tonight but it was a
super fail it just didn't work
one club just wasn't working and in the
other spot wasn't working we tried to
show up with like 20 dudes to his clubs
wasn't it wasn't working out but um let
me tell you the real story all right
your man mr. Timothy DeLaGhetto huh huh
did set up a very poppy night he did but
we did kind of go over the limit rules
understood but when conceded says Tim
let me take him to the poppin shit Inn
and why cuz I know where that's at and I
know it's I was shit that he likes pause
he didn't want to listen and then we
fuckin ended up in some damn bar type it
was so wet everybody in it was like 80
and up and dressed like they were from
the eighties it was like Manny it was
almost a fun night it was supposed to be
a fun night but we left like super early
I mean super late we left it like we got
there like 1:30 and it was like we had
like 20 dudes with us and it just wasn't
not really late in New York City oh yeah
I mean that's Li I might but you know in
LA 1:30 is like the fuck up it's your
boy bet you already know Wow look at my
eyes do you Kirsten you're in your vlogs
dawg of course oh well fuck you fuck you
fuck you they're good
check this out guys I me a copy of this
the vibe issue and I'm in that you pick
that up racial draft and that's crazy
pick that up pick up a copy of that too
Oh cuz these are my picks for the racial
draft what so Pharrell's the most racist
no no no the racial draft he's drafting
people to be Asian yeah umbrellas half a
party
like okay for our number one I'm taking
him as a Asian why would you pick take
Kevin Hart short it's little any kind of
when he gets when either read the
articles are the rock rock could I read
could tell me Samoans are basically
Asian anyways I feel like we needed a
big dude on the team that's why so what
about Rocky she
you want some rookie blood in your face
but in your face without the best you
burned you right no no slow it down slow
it down
you want some raw quiche watch watch
during the summertime no imma get them
Wilin out MTV to i'ma slow it down we'll
cut the meat on him I'm gonna kick his
ass like I did it the last time the
Royal penis is clean your highness Thank
You King shit
