guess who joined up with me in New York
City hey and we are matching where it
seems these beanies things leave one so
the good people at Bud Lights hooked us
up and we're gonna be staying at the
brand new Bud Light crews hotel motel
for the weekend check out this shit's
crazy look at that giant
cruise I had no idea was gonna be that
big finally checked in the Bud Light
hotel and it's on a boat it's a boat
tail we at the boat tail home tail but
like in finally checking to the room
after a long ass process security and
all that I forgot that I was coming onto
a moving vessel you know they check this
for explosives and all that shit so now
I'm on the boat the Banana Boat shit's
crazy so baby how you feel you're on a
boat are you scared
we're on the water right now yo this is
crazy
oh my god
Wow
these are not going light boat it's
gonna like or the bloodline hotel I
guess like just like a little launch
party for it and it's gonna it's gonna
officially set sail soon and it is true
it's gonna set sail eventually don't
even though I just got here
I'm gonna leave Chia because I'm gonna
go shoot with epicMealTime who are also
on the boat
babe you gonna be okay here free beer
it's crazy thank you but like free beer
free beer
free beer in this bitch that's all she
needs in the world
free beer son
all right y'all oh shit light all right
y'all yo first order of business on this
boat oh yeah that says this boat this is
that kind of boat that's like titties
Harry titties all day so Jewish titties
just like my daddy
but like oh sit oh there's a whole crew
it's real official it's real official
out here yeah take that you little asian
titties Jimmy oh my not ready for that
I've been getting chubby so it's like
Monday Oh
like one of those scary cats this is bad
for my brand now we're heading to this
concert put on by Pandora imagine
dragons is performing I'm hoping
Kendrick Lamar comes out and they do
what they did at the Grammys cuz Asher
was tied right yeah
yeah
oh it is our first actual morning waking
up on the on the cruise on the Bud Light
hotel check that out she woke up like
this no makeup that's crazy right okay
look at this beautiful view from the
boat and to view them the view from the
boredom that's New York City them you
like my um my Rastafari night yes hey on
the boat
it's just crazy I mean obviously you
wouldn't get on right now because look
at there's snow here because it's cold
as in New York City but what a slide
concrete jungle where dreams mail
there's nothing you can do better so
wrath is buffet on the boat you know
it's a pretty bomb see you've got New
York in the background cheer in the
foreground but light let me show y'all
we got dessert
Asians shit but the agency
sir chicken
jerk other stuff
white people hamburger hotdog stuff Chia
booty this salmon and panini pretty
watch these guys did
oh my god it's like we're on the
Starship Enterprise do you I love this
girl guys
so at Cagney's this fancy steak place
over here on the Bud Light hotel that's
all chewing a food to an F with like a
little rabbit walking around the boat
and chandeliers and shit and all these
guys are hitting on shit but it's okay
and I was like hey bruh
do you think this is this is mine okay
so back the fuck up
and he was like I don't want no problems
right and I was hit and I hit him over
the head with a bottle of Bud Lights
right there's no Evan okay or that there
we go here we go here we go
you usually gonna bowling team yeah
fiddle yeah well I couldn't tell from
that whack-ass all right little man to
let a man do it you got a little man
good
they didn't see the first hundred you
need to be ones investable
but you got a yeah where's the pudding
you fool
ah I guess to the front of the boat so I
can do that oh wait ring the alarm I was
really trying to find the very front of
the boat so we could do king of the
world
I'm flying thing but it's like cutoff so
this is like as good as what we ever get
babe put your arms up your arms up arms
up
okay Kari sale flying and saying hey
move huh oh yeah well this is like the
boat moving the Royal penis is clean
your highness thank you
King shit
