I'm over here on set right in the
morning early that's not that early
well there's a macaroni y'all might
remember we did that uh videos that we
did the prison break yeah I've got a
whole bunch of everyone does that for
myself it was like yo what up and we got
new for new friends to rile up summer
camp hey oh don't play with my viewers
because they expect that from me
hello how are you
do y'all remember do you guys remember
her so when the middle is shoot let me
show you something first of all let me
show you this here these are Lucky Brand
underwears I got on now check this out
he did what he what do you do here okay
anyway hey Carina just doing right now
we had to leave an okay I like the
dopest shit ever
take some pics for goody-goody booty
booty shorts that are dropping on
Tuesday rodeo arcade calm goody booty
shorts how they fit ladies o ro D arcade
calm goodies Tuesday booty shorts
photographer rate guess what day it is
guys it's Monday so of course I take
time out of my busy schedule to get some
quality dinner time with my family
what's up hey Dad dad happy happy okay
man happy Martin Luther King jr. Day I
always have dreams dead well we got we
got some crab that my mom cooked up in
this little crazy little little mixture
of stuff we got what looks to be fried
fish we got some tom yum gai or don't
tell me I'm chicken no no Tommy I'm cool
that's how I say it with the Thai accent
I was trying to do it with the English
accent but Tommy I'm cool
that's a you know like a spicy sour soup
and we got some stupid salad Thai
fighting fish not doing anything the red
one the blue one Oh
okay he's all on the super baldie uh-huh
you're gonna put them in the same Bowl
okay like Bloods and Cripps
cuz you're forcing them to always ask me
what kind of hair could I get Vince let
them know let them know Paul faith with
a comb-over and the hard part a hard
part I jumped on the asian guy trend
then I got a comb-over you know what
else was I gonna do I wasn't gonna get
cornrows I'm over here at the the Wong
foo films studio take your penises out
just doing a quick little interview for
the homies and hey no problem guys such
a sweet guy taking time out of my busy
schedule I haven't even eaten I have
this L&L barbecue I got to go so I could
be here for them after the wrong food
video I drove to shoot a collab with
this chick come in come in come in if
they don't know who you are let him know
what if everyone is you grow super own
NK Millie has super oh okay Billy and I
also make youtube she make youtube
videos she's Canadian she's Indian she's
can Indian that's right what a cute
little skit for us check it out on her
channel with your channel my channel is
- calm / iisuperwomanii that super on
with a n not an en there's just one of
me word this one and yes yeah I stopped
by the restaurant to get some grub with
with P flow he's coming but right it's
the fans will stop you guys from sweet
Long Beach Long Beach Pisces to curse
all day alright so after a long day you
know after a long day in LA I had to
stop so after a long day in LA as the
vlog channel this channel right here has
um just hit 800,000 subscribers which is
really cool thank you guys for
supporting and tuning in while I mean
maybe like two hundred thousand a year
all out of the hundred thousand actually
tuned in consistently but hey it's all
good thanks for showing love thanks for
supporting the daily doings of my random
ass life you know friends family and my
journey on the path to success I
appreciate you guys you F with me I F
with you and yeah man you guys are dope
and like I said you know I got a special
place in my heart for the vlog viewers
you know you guys are you guys are
different so thank you ma'am gonna go to
New York this week me and Andrew Garcia
might potentially have a meet and greet
on Sunday in Queens
stay tuned for details and you know on
my Twitter Instagram all that shit and
what else
oh yeah booty shorts goody buddy shorts
dropped today on Rodeo arcade calm and
our new t-shirts dropped on Rodeo arcade
calm so check that out and of course you
can download my mixtape at traffic dot
Bandcamp calm good night's turtle power
the Royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit next Will Smith in
the club gettin jiggy my girl go ham you
could call the Miss Piggy
too much game bitch saber let your
tokens everybody stare like the elevator
broke in got your lady choking on a dick
so pretty I keep a real soul body in
mind flow hotter than sriracha and
wasabi combined I'm sipping lime in
Bacardi when it's party in time my bitch
got ass like Atlanta but she Halle will
find what
