I'll go to him so I'm here my boy
super-ego spot because they stolen a
little surprise birthday party for Josh
Leyva or yo muscle boy or buff Josh as
we call them and and you know and we
just over here we got the Little Mermaid
decorations surprise party so we're
hoping that he gets here quick because
the fight song we just want to like
watch the fight surprise me real quick
and then we can turn up its people here
we bout to hide we bout to hide oh shit
okay Sunday Monday fun day guys my dad
just got done watching some porn in my
old room and I'm ready to eat now you
ready guys you guys miss my old room can
you believe I'm back in my own room guys
huh I've been in my condo for like a
year and a half now get out we got this
right here this is sixth grade back when
I was little chubbers I'm getting back
to that right now you be got Ninja
Turtle cassettes video cassettes which
I'll know about that right there huh we
got this long beach pride thing from
when I was going to Cal State Long Beach
we got this thing I did for my graphic
design class that's Rick PD flow me
super-ego man what else we got in here
what else we got ooh we got the cannons
my shoe that I released with tweak
Footwear calm
oh man mammaries love peace skeet and
cheese my virginity in this spot right
here guys it wasn't this bed but it was
around this area right here and I didn't
pull out soon enough or I didn't think I
did so like we had to go to write a
there was a Rite Aid like 20 minutes
away they had the morning-after pill and
then um it made me late for work at
footlocker because I was gay
morning-after pill virginity sex can
wait masturbate for dinner guys
crabbed oh right out the shell going in
there going in on that crabbing taking
that first bite taking that first bite
how's that crab dad it's like where's my
crab man tweeted yo I can't wait to cut
my hair just shave this shit off I'm
sick of it and majority of my comments
from females with like Tim don't cut it
it looks good please don't cut it and
most of the dudes were like bro cut that
shit thank God cut that shit so who am i
listen to you think imma care about what
some motherfucking dudes think about my
motherfucking hair if the females like
this shit imma keep this shit alright
and also you know um I have a lot of
friends that as we get older they're
losing their hair like she's spinning
out like hair lines are receding I got I
got good hair you know I've always had
good hair but I've never used it so I
figure I should use it before it goes
gray or I lose it you know I'm saying so
I'm just trying to see where this shit
goes I just kind of go in there I let my
boy Vince do what he does if some of
y'all are probably gonna ask what this
is called this isn't necessarily a
comb-over this is kind of like more of a
Gumby what's called a Gumby with a fade
and a part I don't want to you know I
know and I know every Asian dude in the
world right now is getting the
motherfucking comb-over with the part
but shit what else someone do what else
should I do with this here I don't want
to fuck
I don't want cornrows I'm not gonna
split it down the middle like I did when
I was in fourth grade you know face it
guys
2014 is starting off and this is my hair
all right just like POC said man it's me
against the world you know saying it's
me and my hair against the world 2014
baby
so we bout to take some shots you know
it's nice little turn now chill backyard
kick it
oh we got Happy New Year guys happy new
eat guys happy
and I'm not gonna cuss oh my god is 2014
gas and I woke up there's a strange man
in my house
I don't know oh my god oh my god guys oh
my god last night mean Eric where's
chillin after we left Peters house and
then it was super foggy so I was like
hey man just just stay over here you
stay over here for the new year here he
is 2014 I've known this guy since I know
we always talked about this but I've
known him since - Tyler - not for a long
time okay and we're still friends
yeah we're still friends after all the
subscribers and the views and hos and
the cars bro we can finally stop being
friends at 2015 that's the contract
you like my hair you like it yeah dad
you like my new hair sup man sup dad I
said do you like my new hair stop at a
restaurant cuz I got a tweet from these
gentlemen right here Oh what's up guys
we from Long Beach
yeah well so how's the food you guys are
the first customer year to stop buying
baby yeah OB I'm twinsies with the
maroon beanie yes thanks guys it is
Friday night and the boys and I or my
boys on me and Ricky shows yes super-ego
we're heading to a little birthday kick
back and here's what I just learned
earlier today that kick back isn't a
universal term because I was telling
cheer I was like they haven't go into
this kickback she's like what's that and
if you don't know what that is or if
you're Canadian a kickback is a low key
it's not a party it's just you can't
chill you know it's more it's more
relaxed than a party oh really
yeah oh I don't know man kickback we
pulled into this little restaurant so
air could poo before we go to the party
or a kickback I should say and yeah sock
hop I get it y'all probably didn't get
that but the joke is kick back and like
you kick with your foot socks go on your
feet that was sarcophagus is a really
old term for what yeah really yeah I had
a teacher she told me the origination
that's what sock hop actually means
weird yesterday Eric was like hey man
let's do a video tomorrow at your spot
we'll do a little best friends tag video
I was like sure dog come through so he
came through we got some Mexican food in
the back
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you
King shit fast cars silly hoes airplanes
in time I know
he's all I really know champagne and all
this cash make it rain up on it ax is
alive
