so ever since I moved into my place
there's been this space up here
in my bedroom and I have no idea what's
in there and sometimes people will come
over and they'll be like Oh what if
there's dead bodies in there what if
there's like ghosts in there so I have
my dad bring ladder over and we're gonna
investigate right now I'm gonna
investigate right now it's okay and
here's one more thing I have my music on
shuffle and a ninja rap came on from
Ninja Turtles to go ninja go ninja go go
ninja go ninja go vanilla ice which I
know about that go ninja go ninja Go Go
ninja go ninja go this is what's in the
crazy space in my bedroom there's
nothing in here really it doesn't lead
to any secret universe or anything good
to know good to know so sometimes you
just are in the mood for a BLT sandwich
right luckily the other day I went
grocery shopping look what your boy put
together right now it's beautiful
motherfucking BLT sandwich I've just
made with some avocado in there with
some sriracha in there bro this is but
to be so bomb is beautiful right
restaurant hey what's up - hey shout out
to the homie Wilson shout out to the
holy Wilson anything else
cool thank you is another table of
what's up bro how's it going what's up
and then this chick hi thanks for
stopping by
sweet I'm here at this restaurant called
what's it called public school in in
Culver City and the food is crazy
I'm here with my homegirl Alex we got
this crazy like la shrimp and grits good
she's from Texas so she knows about that
real stripper great yeah don't tell me
about down
and check this out bro
this is eight neutral Nagas like eggnog
and there's bourbon and cognacs
and alcohol in it and
hydrate she doesn't drink but delicious
the beach a little run it's Christmas
Eve you know it's a beautiful checking
out I check out the waves in the
background it's a beautiful day in kal
sunny California right now I got a ring
with me
got Lisa Simpson over there it's
Christmas man you know check it out look
how pretty this is and this man is in
all leather and our hot is so hot what
are you doing but the pictures not gonna
make sense
I'll be chilling after we ate at the
beach and Rick was like man I kind of
want to see what I want to go to
Disneyland during the holidays before
the shoots all over so I was like fuck
you bum let's go to Disneyland so we hit
up some people Alyssa was the only one
that was down here by herself for the
holidays and it was her birthday
yesterday or whatever so I figured let's
go to Disneyland you know
so we out here it's so pretty tall and
and festive right now it's like a mad
people but it's so nice it's so nice
Disneyland Christmas Eve a party that
Castle is in that party party ass
castled oh look at that party ass Castle
oh and I'm like oh that's nice I'd smell
I'd fucked the shit out of that castle
right there at all so I'm here my fans
house for some Christmas dinner my mom
as always mom some mom okay hi
going into the cooking I live right here
where her homemade dress him we got a
some chicken we got some shrimp salad we
got a big old ham and some asparagus
pbot to be real stinky tonight you know
I'm saying you know I'm saying that peep
out to be real stinky tonight you know
I'm saying you know I'm saying thatthat
stinky Pete yeah yeah that's right
it's muscle so we just finished dinner
guess what guys my cousin is preggers oh
yeah
so now my parents will get off my back
and leave me alone so I don't have to
have a baby anytime soon good job bro
good job half babies all around in this
family Merry Christmas
what are we also this is the last vlog
you will be watching in 2013 all right
Rudeboy the next vlog you'll be watching
it's gonna be 2014 so this is crazy you
know and I always do my my year wrap-up
video on my main channel my skean tears
which I do every year a little wrap-up
of the year but I'd like to talk to
y'all on the vlog channel too because
it's a different crowd on the vlog
channel you know people on the main
channel are therefore like hey entertain
me make me laugh Asian boy you guys f
with me on a personal level you know you
know my life you know who my family you
know who my friends are you know my girl
you love my girl you love me and I just
want to say that you know I appreciate
you guys on a different level
you know I'm Sam I know I always say
that like you know you guys watch all
this and you think you know what's going
on and you don't really really know
what's going on I mean and it's true but
but as far as the internet goes you guys
know me more than anyone else does
you know and you support me and you f
with me heavily and I just want to say
that I appreciate that and I appreciate
you and I feel the vibe that you send
through the comments which is why I try
to project them the love vibe back at
you true to screen them you know I'm
saying and you know thanks for watching
I've been vlogging for years now you
know you guys have seen my life go
through all types of shit and I've been
trying you know I try to keep it fun and
and upbeat and you know that's that's
who I am and and I you know I feel like
I'm here to cheer y'all up you know I'm
here to make your day better and that's
why I do these videos and I appreciate
that you guys have been rocking with me
for so long and and the fact that I can
still make videos and skits and stuff
and I still get as many views as I do is
crazy because you know a lot of a lot of
people that have been doing it for long
as I have have fallen off in terms of
views and whatnot and and I can still do
this shit pretty consistently so you
know thanks thanks a lot guys so you
know hey till next year and next vlog be
safe
wear a condom don't drink and drive
okay we all know you're not gonna wear
no condom but make sure she's clean okay
and make sure he's clean ladies okay
trying know trying wear a condom man I
know you hate condoms but try and wear a
condom if you meeting them that night at
the party okay okay I know I know okay
if you mean them that I had the party
try to wear a condom all right guys all
right you don't want to get
pregnant or catch a disease or just you
know that's just scary especially when
it's someone you just met but be safe
out there guys all right love you
Happy New Year peace the Royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
