look at my little independent woman
shoveling the snow in her backyard all
the way man independent shoveled snow up
at me I would totally be back there
helping except I was pulling and she
knows I need my morning pose and um and
I'm making sure that hash browns aren't
getting burnt otherwise I totally be
back there so today's another full
workday Fortius I've been in her spot
all day by myself watching the Food
Network trying to find shit to eat this
here's what you call grown-man soup you
get the chips you get some Cholula you
throw that all on the UH on the tortilla
soup in a pan it adds a nice little
texture and you know it's it's a like
the cheesiness complements the spiciness
from the Cholula and the soup and that's
gourmet grown man bachelor cooking right
there other than that you know I've just
been I've been being like a little house
husband you know doing dishes folding up
clothes here and there laying out eating
bonbons oh and a lot of y'all were
shocked most of the comments are about
peaches passing away if you follow me on
tumblr or even on Twitter then you would
have known that already but yeah peaches
passed away maybe a few months ago a
couple months ago or whatever you know
and and it was it was sad you know super
sad especially for shit she's had
peaches since she was a little girl so
you know I didn't want to like whip the
camera out and all of a sudden be
talking about it but yeah rest in peace
- peaches one more time she live a long
life honestly I felt like every time I
came here me and peaches and this is
real shit I'm not making jokes me and
peaches had like a connection you know
I'm saying soul to soul you know like I
felt like she was this little old cat
that loved me as soon as I came into
Chios life and whenever I would sing to
her or messing around like I was trying
to do stuff to her
we she was right here with me you know
I'm saying so I definitely miss peaches
but you know she's in Kitty heaven
getting turnt off some catnip so it's
all good now I can be Chia's pet up here
you know I'm saying rare all right
right
and just like that it's time to go back
her what's up baby you sick of me yet ah
I've been here a whole week
ah you sicken me oh she's so annoying me
guys
I like sleep next to her and I shot a
spoon her and she like kicks me off and
farts in my face like it off no no we
love the smell of each other's farts you
know what I say guys a couple that far
just together stays together
sometimes I'll off like she'll fall
asleep and I'll fart really loud and
then because I'll be on my laptop and
then a turn real quick to see if she
wakes up and if she doesn't wake up I'm
like okay cool she didn't wake up but at
the same time in my head I'm like damn
and I was a weak-ass fart if you didn't
even wake her up well he's really tired
her farts though anyways time for me to
go back home get some work done she's
gonna you know
go back to doing her nails and whatever
it is you do out here and then not until
next time my love here kiss me while I
start
hey Dad I'm home I'm home what you doing
over here how much you doing over here
huh you don't know there's that man I
might get a little touch-up since I'm
back from my trip and he really got me
turn it up during my haircut right now
this is pineapple and Suraj yo at the
capital you know Zen haircuts and turn
ups so guys I picked up some houseguests
they're gonna stay for the night we got
Benji two times back in the house back
in LA what's up dawg
Jenny Jenny Jenny say some shit say
something no and if you got right here
Rick's not staying though we just Andrew
doesn't do sleepovers but J sook sing
something so Christmas so we're gonna
take some shots we're gonna toast
Oh pity too loud
hair stupid okay so okay so it's what do
you guys what you guys yammering about
thank you so much
so uh
it's so much respect all right so they
were like okay girl you had UNC shit you
ain't seen shit
I've had this so many times this rum in
my refrigerator for so long it's so
strong and disgusting Jenni's dude okay
yeah
clean him to eat that yo subscribe to
her she sings she's a good singer and
she makes dope covers and true they've
heard you sing don't do it yo juice I
heard ed you and robe they drink
Oh God Merry Christmas nickname so it's
the morning time and I am hungover for
the first time in a long time I don't
usually get hungover but that can that
that what was it from that Jamaican rum
I wasn't a Canadian that Jamaican rum is
disgusting and so it'll f you up bro but
but back to the grind we got John
fucking na here shooting a quick little
skits that I came up with a little
parody of a Snickers commercial and and
it's gonna be so funny and and then I
gotta hurry up and finish it up because
gotta take these motherfuckers to the
airport in a couple hours but it's okay
that's how we do you know I'm sayin I
ain't even brush my teeth yet I shitted
though the Royal penis is clean your
highness
Thank You King shit Peggy and Minh are
take a cup someone pro that I'm trying
to get it in where they put the
mistletoe eggs
tis the season to be jolly Santa I've
been good I ain't even Bob tamales
