I don't even know what the I have no
idea the city everyone s whatever bucket
good good who needs an occasion we are
here because a couple of my dear dear
friends are about to promote the new
drop the Mike show you're not even
paying me today this year but we got
megha between verses
yeah yeah yeah yeah my dude my dude
legacy from the new boy Octavia dadada
little let him know if you don't know
I'm John John Bell get off the mic
Gerlach though dropping my girls let's
go you're gonna get answered a black
belt a Oh Yoda get give it to him oh my
god oh my god
you got this drunk you got
it's his birthday
Oh Megan
going over
you got this you have bars your delivery
is amazing
you look amazing your hair is on point
the makeup is is fucking popping knees
weak arms a heavy fall over go hey hey
okay now now she's in her element
play our words got the pun that's a play
on words right there oh so this man
right here then you got bars and you
about to be poppin so I believe them so
uh go do it
I can't for my school bus to the door up
yeah
Oh
yeah you did you made it to 25 good job
man
so long I'm currently in my trailer
because I have a small part in this oh
my god nickimja is it for a vlog here no
it's really good lens
he's pretty bulky for a vlog camera
you've got a fat lens bro - you said I
got a bad adilyn
black leg ladies love it it is it is
girthy this is the first time I've ever
said these sentences hang out with the
renkel I rigged the girthier girthy
girth the girthy black fang you got
there see it came so natural to you you
know I've never seen rigs it yeah right
no people are surprised that they do
they look well look at each others don't
know man all right head bit to the other
do you because usually all we do thank
you now you spend the night and slap
dicks together we play it we sort by no
you do it like a you know what like with
it with a little whisper game with a
fucking um the thing pops up and like
one guy to put pokes his dick out of the
blanket
yeah his day with your dick yeah yeah so
do some funding guy man I wish I was I
wish I could participate girls just like
slap boobies and you know yeah these are
each other and stuff that sounds fun
this slap you quit quit quit
whack-a-mole click smack it yeah clip
snackie ii know snaggin is Megan oh I've
seen
Erik's okay seen PD flows button
everything rigs big right what's your
problem
why you holding back I don't understand
you supposed to be best buds
show little dick show a little bit not
even we're at it we're at a nude resort
did you make it oh yes do disease Nick
you were like full clothes right like I
saw the picture you were like winter
clothes
that's what rig dude we're like jeans
like extra conservative have you live
Rick's Jessica conservative gag show
little dick
thanks kid get some views there's still
no dick skin unzip and pull the foreskin
out of it out of your fly does that
count
if he did that with you would you count
that as seeing his day oh definitely are
you gonna see the whole thing says the
special thing is I feel like you know
before a girl starts dating a guy we
don't get to see everything guys cake
pretty much see everything like you see
how big boobs are every girl has a
vagina but so many girls are like Oh
disgusting
I don't want see dick pic before I like
you know I gotta like you first
I don't think Steve's ever sent me a
dick pic ever ever ever not ever never
ever ever ever ever damn sorry miss li
mo fo real never meant to send a picture
of my dick to your phone so sorry girl
oh my god Tim and Rick were just two
regular guys Oh Jill they got
transferred
all the way back to the nineties watch
as jay versace tries to help i want to
say that there's always follow your
dreams
