what's up y'all so for this month's Ford
Fiesta Movement my mission is to do the
cinnamon challenge as you can see let me
cover this little thing here that's
ground cinnamon this is real cinnamon
I've actually done the cinnamon
challenge before my main channel if you
remember that video but I didn't really
do it
it wasn't a good end result you know I'm
saying but I'm gonna do it for real this
time I'm prepared I got my big old Fang
water just in case this is actually
alkaline water there's more oxygen in
here than regular water it's good for
you that's my parents say anyway okay so
we're gonna try and swallow a spoonful
of cinnamon hopefully I'm not allergic
to cinnamon I'm not allergic to cinnamon
I'm allergic to I'm not gonna tell you
what I'm allergic to it and you're gonna
trying to kill me you see me on the
street then enough it's a lot I don't
want to do this alright I got slowly
right mm-hmm here we go Yolo you need to
hold it at all
oh okay
Jack the cinnamon bro it's so dry
you you cinnamon the Fiesta was stupid
the rival penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
