what do I have to to make you love so
I'm finally home relaxing unpacking as
you can see it's a big old mess of
everything that was in my bags um and I
got home and my condo was freezing so
I'll put the fire on and um I guess my
dad was checking my tweets
he's on my Twitter all the time now and
he saw me tweet that it was cold so he
brought me some soup from the restaurant
some dumb young guy and so good thanks
dad yeah so so now we're just chilling
you know watching a little TV cookie
cutie time with my P o P you down with P
o P
yeah you know me yeah y'all's feeding
finish it when I was in England raw I
needed it make sure I look good man
yes maker studios stone a giant
Christmas party free drink free food you
already know I'm in there son
guys I'm so hype right now sister act 2
is on vh1 and the best part is all right
now
Lala oh happy day that's it that's that
shit oh happy day when Jesus was
whoa I learned my first yo mama joke
from this movie it was your mama so fat
she sat on a rainbow and skittles popped
out it's gonna feel real good she's
gonna make a difference
I'm gonna make it right as I turn up the
collar on my favourite winter coat this
wind is a blow in my mind the mid nose
up not enough to eat Who am I to be I'm
pretending not to see their need they
follow each other on the wind you know
cuz he got nowhere to go than the way I
want didn't know I'm starting with the
man in the mirror I'm asking him to
change his ways and no message get a bit
any clearer if you wanna make the world
a better place better look at yourself
and make a change
alright so my dad's taking me the
airport cuz uh I came again cuz I'm
flying to Chia for like a week to you
know just kind of chill in her new house
and and break it in yeah uh and by that
I mean you know like bounce around on
the couch and get it dirty and and
pooping all her toilets
and no message gonna be drop one off
pick one huh
oh yes my life yeah he's always picking
up my mom and toilet from the airport
from Thailand to UM asking him to change
his way
five-oh five-oh po PO's po PO's no no
don't you know that it's not a good sign
when you see a whole bunch of cops at
the airport when you got to fly out but
hey whatever can you say they keep me
safe man
but what about all the drugs in my bag
and make change Shh
Tyla yeah
I just landed in Chia town Canada and
what does she had me doing shoveling
snow for her new spot
come on son I've been traveling all day
there's not finish what if it went to
work I've been in her house all day by
myself but naked I didn't put my booty
on everything booty on her fridge booty
and on her washing machines bullion her
guys watches booty on her toilet
cuz there's no way I'm about to go
outside look at this shit hell naw doc
hell naw doc that's not that's no I'm
used to died that's not that white I'm
used to doc I'm used to that cocaina you
know I'm saying that not that cold shit
doc we're in Canada grocery shopping and
look this is bacon guys and it's bacon
from Canada but it's not Canadian bacon
it's not this ship we put on our pizzas
what which I'll caught is which I'll
caught is right bacon where's the
Canadian bacon I don't know so there's
Canadian bacon that we put on our pizzas
at home have you not seen this and it's
not this
whatever you say this is this is
craziness man this is craziness babe
turn up
hey you don't turn up turn up turn the
cat you're making a mess
turn turn turn out hey that's no way
there's no way to get ahead in life
that's no way to get ahead aren't you
glad aren't you glad I'd stopped
blogging I know Wayne said Chea points a
Chia you guys get it waves you get it I
said I said points at Chia and these are
the the point setup no there's an eye in
there it's not how you see it
are you sure hello so I'm finally
watching the Victoria's Secret fashion
lingerie show and I don't know man
these are six to skinny ass models just
not doing it for me bro give me a chick
that's five - whoo jiggles when she
walks and her thighs rub together when
she walks that's what I'm talking about
right babe I thought of you five three
five three works to give me a chick
that's five three you thought you
touching when they want when you want
sometimes they totally do it that's what
I'm talking about
save save the six to skinny bones Jones
is I don't know man this is not doing it
for me Davis look look good though oh
she is cooking me breakfast right and I
told her I wanted you know that's how
important so she doesn't have a spatula
she's gonna try and flip this thing like
we see on the Food Network or like we
see her mattoni do I didn't done it once
or in her whole life which was like two
minutes ago we're gonna try to do it
again this is crazy
you guys are witnessing history right
now chopped champion chopped champion
Shia cha-cha v-chip
no no you got this it's all moving easy
here it yeah Oh skittles and didn't even
break damn you tight yeah hey I got my
own house I'll flip my own eggs I drink
my own coffee hmm
my dad got me this comforter looks like
Oh peaches
rest in peace peaches doesn't it though
like her looks another time looks like
peaches
we love you peaches oh yeah well we're a
species would say ran aggressive it
okay so grabbing some drinks and some
appetizers that she attempted and and
she didn't finish her Caesar
so as the man I got a step up so we
don't waste money and don't waste
alcohol and Chuck Chuck Chuck Chuck
Chuck Chuck Wow
brain freeze a brain freeze
do you do you still have your brain
freeze
