Thanksgiving night I'm here with a cheer
you're with Ricki shucks it with my papi
at DeLaGhetto here and when I'm doing
the traditional Thanksgiving dinner
because my mom's out of town she's not
cooking while my cousins are not close
to me
Rick's cousin Rick's fam left him
Macaulay Culkin style so originally I
had made reservations with this
restaurant called Ruth's Chris because
they were doing like a Thanksgiving
dinner right oh cool it's gonna be nice
you know I'll go so I call up to put
Rick's name on the reservation I'm like
can I add one to my reservation please
and they're like sir we can't find your
reservation I'm like well that's
preposterous because I made my
reservation yesterday and they're like
oh we found it it was for the 27th of
typical damn reason the same thing so
but being that even though I do that on
occasion I can still bounce back I'm
spontaneous
I googled and we're gonna go through it
I found I found places to do with
Thanksgiving dinners for the roof so I
go there all the time for brunch so
we're doing like you know a little a
little a little family dinner you know
who's gonna roots Chris anyways so as
you can see we got a nice little ocean
view here we just grub in I can see
Turkey and all that because he's lonely
stuff my mom's in Thailand drowning in
sorrow celebrating celebrating mom if
you're watching this in Thailand I know
you're not cuz you don't know how to use
technology at all but she's probably
trying to you know it's all good the
whole gloomy day in paramount and Chia
has never been to college junior has a
Canadian yes and so I was like hey Marie
money we had just watched this is the
end where they like loves Carl jr. in
the beginning so I was like babe I'm
taking yo ass yo sexy Canadian ass to
college junior is so bomb I mean how you
like anybody's emerging I prefer Carl
jr. a little bit too Burger King but to
be it's good to be fair I've had better
college junior
shoutout to booger kids for sending me a
package which included this beanie with
the little pom-pom normally I could
never wear beanies down on my head like
this but because I was look stupid but
this year right here I don't look stupid
remedy for this beanie as well thanks
for making me look less stupid burger
kids and thank you too
I'm gonna watch The Lion King this is
beautiful baby you ready for this mama I
haven't been since high school man this
shit's tight though babe are you ready
for this photo so it's like beautiful
she's so excited it was so dope circle
life
so now we're at this fancy-schmancy
Italian place we're doing the wine
sampler pasta sampler thing they're
doing it's so fancy up here though and
we were just talking about how we can go
from Carl's jr. yesterday super greasy
to this upscale fancy shit today you
know that just kind of represents Who I
am as a person you know I'm saying like
even though I'm making that money and I
can do that fancy shit I'm still a
Carl's jr. boy at heart you know right
Maeve
there she goes out of my life there she
goes there she goes again
Canadian booty so I just dropped you off
at the airport and as I was driving home
I was like yo the sunrise looks crazy
right now
so I said to myself myself let's drive
to the top of Signal Hill and take some
pictures if you follow me on Instagram I
just posted some dope shit but yes
sunrises looking crazy check that out
ooh so purty sometimes you got to take a
second to appreciate the beauty of
what's around you you know I'm saying
just kind of take a second to stop and
smell the roses as they say I'm over
here doing this podcast for Shane Dawson
so what's up this is gonna be on
Soundcloud complex Shane of France I'm
trying to be good yeah yo check out
soundcloud.com slash ain't of France go
to iTunes surf session ashamed of
friends oh we did a rap battle today you
wanna do one right now you want to break
one down right now shit not really
though why does nobody want nobody
thinks I could rap do it you might think
that I'm white but she was right because
I am but it's okay I got a can cuz I
love to dance and I love to sing and I
love to wear these shorts with nothing
underneath cut is just my balls I'm
got so much copy in my system I'm not to
shut it down and I wasn't back I'll
bring the heat like Sandra Bullock like
mr. Cosby with my big fat B's yeah and
there it is it's a motherfucking
gangster party it's nothing but that and
we're on our way to shoot this music
video for this gangster ass Christmas
song the mean Angie did we shoot this
music video for a song we did so we wish
you a Merry Christmas remix produced by
my boy genius who also produce magnetic
over Tori Kelly Baum got Andrew got Baum
see you here Milo chancla alright we're
over here at Frank Sinatra's old house
it's actually like super dope super big
super nice he was a little free a little
freaky deaky Frank Sinatra overlooking
Woodland Hills it's so nice it's a
beautiful day we back we got a beautiful
song beautiful beautiful great stuff
guys great stuff guys chass√© great
stuff Chad's directing great stuff
thanks man this next scene Chaz
directing the video what's going on in
this scene bro let me know what kind of
camera NOLA Rojas oh he's so good guys
hey so we're doing the scene where
traffic can act like we're opening
presents he's handing out bricks and
Pringles break some Pringles you know
I'm saying chips and well you know I
make chips and I move bricks I'm a
rapper
oh and look who else is a rapper today
guys
tonight's Rhino this is your old house
normal right now you got the toilet
paper going the wrong way we do it my
way
yeah so we're finally home after a long
as music video shoot I'm so tired and I
just realized that my flight to England
isn't the day after tomorrow but it's
tomorrow so I'm an idiot
and I got a lot of shit I need to get
done and I got a pack it's just I'm a
big ol mess big old hairy fluffy mess
oh the royal pain is this clean your
highness Thank You King shit
