yeah we are where we are Yoji a Japanese
fondue Hey oh my shits all messed up and
I chickened out what y'all know about
that dude I do this all I've done it in
like ten blocks in different countries
I've peed on the street in England like
so many places so I'm on set with these
cats titanium there's like you know I've
been knowing about them for like a
long-ass time and here the director home
it was like yo it's these dudes I was
asking about you oh that's crazy what's
up bro yeah looks good we all set for
the video what's the song called wake up
Bangkok city Oh for show okay so we are
here what's good bro my people my
peoples right yeah er my remember Tina
from one of my old videos
the video was called them what not how
not to for plays big cut nifty looking a
bit early my nephew TI zoom yeah yeah
that's it classic soup video bombs do
all day
all right so we just ate at the
restaurant ran into a fan what's up bro
sup man are you doing dog I'm pretty
good man it was like somebody's from
across my laundry wing that's right say
hi thank you
so I'm on my way to shoot a skit that I
wrote for my channel and I'm together
with all my boys superego PD flow ricky
shucks we all here for the first time in
a long time
you probably haven't seen us all
together since the musical high school
sucks a musical which is still coming
out guys
I know we've been ignoring your
questions and concerns but don't trip
it's still coming out it's been like we
got new people working on it and you
know it'll be on your screen some screen
at some point sooner or later don't trip
right Peter yeah high school sucks
musicals are a band from some of y'all
might know about it alright so I'm on
set of my skit that I wrote it's called
bro don't be gay along with my boys here
yeah I have some lovely Oh where's the
light at some lovely ladies what's up
thanks for coming hello hi and you're
just gonna be the best video of all time
just wait just wait I like your y'all
ready y'all ready for this shit
Oh
it's that time of the month where Chia
pays her okay I just realized the joke
I'm about to make it right now so it's
that time of the month I get my little
monthly visitor you know I'm saying
comes in unexpectedly leaves a mess in
my drawers and I'm not talking about my
period job talking about my Chia pants
she comes tomorrow so I'm picking up a
bunch of stuff that I can make breakfast
with you know cuz I don't really be
cooking at home but we don't ever want
to leave the bed so like I gotta get
breakfast supplies you know I'm saying
so I'm picking up something like fruit
and some eggs and some ham and all that
shit oh and I got a Rick with me Rick's
gonna stay over to cook his food and
shit I miss you we all miss chairman
what's up y'all good morning it's
Thanksgiving and I've got a little
special guest in town as y'all might
know cooking over a little breakfast and
bare right now cuz I'm the best
boyfriend ever and the sexiest
motherfucker in the world
that's scrambled eggs on deck that I
burned got the hashbrowns on deck that I
burned but put together it looks gonna
appetizer right through a little avocado
in there cuz Chia likes avocado baby
here you go eat up even though I think I
burnt your hash brown and I'm all out of
ketchup so I brought you these little
ketchup X I mean she had decided to do
some holiday shopping
huh no I look awful we're doing some
holiday so baby you don't look awful
you don't look up we're doing some
holiday shopping
gia googled to see if the mall was open
and I asked Rick a is mall open on
Thanksgiving and he said yes she googled
said yes but it's not know it's here so
I'm just gonna walking around
don't forget your to get your
goody-goody merchandise is a half off on
Black Friday and my merchandise is half
off Rodeo arcade calm my favorite thing
to do in an empty mall is mall parkour
ready thanksgiving parkour let's go
I can't see you anymore
we're watching this is the end and is
the part where Jonah Hill gets possessed
it's pretty scary though it's so it's so
funny but it's math it's a little scary
the Royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
