yes
oh sorry so we out here you know I'm Sam
it's another day another dollar get some
tacos with my boys ain't rusty been to
two times it's that real that real nice
kill shit you know tacos you know I'm
saying up they come in so right there
got some asada right there got some
motherfucking chorizo right there got
some more convincing that's not the big
head bro that's the beat head that's
like right here that's right here on the
cow in the taco it's supposed to be
super tender we got pop right there
watching it's real LA right now you know
cuz I'm how Michael on deck awesome I
got my onesie on you know I'm saying
real serious real hood shit out here
blah cobbler we're going to the mall to
get outfits for AJ Raphael's Fall Ball
should be fun you know we get to dress
up is like prom you know I'm saying we
graduated high school not too long ago
but we have cropped like he'll be here a
couple years ago so you know now we get
to kind of do prom again you know that
with all the homies so she can't wait to
wear my pink dress I've gotta be Alma
take X virginity to smash smash in the
back of the limo thank you for being
here brother
I love you too bro all day we're brother
I'm all day as you can see it's cracking
its cracking cracking its cracking we're
gonna be playing live band sets a nice
you got me hey okay what's up y'all
shout out to Trevor yeah you know
good morning so it's Monday morning look
at these hooligans been in my house for
the past few days these hooli hooligans
right here me and Andrew are hitting the
studio tomorrow we working on a song so
uh for Christmas and look I had the
cleaning ladies come to my house look at
this shit come on and who's not really
mexican he's Spanish that's why you're
not cleaning my shit right Benji was a
sweetheart and uh made me some breakfast
I'm about to wrap this shit up in a
burrito hot sauce on my burrito baby I
gotta get this shit together cuz uh she
is coming next week for thanksgiving so
I gotta make sure my I clean my sheets
cuz she has this thing where she needs
to clean her sheets like all the time I
don't ever clean my sheets she's real
paranoid about that shit so I've gotta
clean my sheath got the fresh laundry on
deck you know I'm saying king shit him
there swanging pussy power pussy power
make you want to do your laundry and
clean your sheets now so we in the
studio recording this Christmas track
that we're doing for maker music for
this 12 days of Christmas Day and I got
going on check it out good God let me
wish you Merry Christmas we wish you a
Merry Christmas we wish you a Merry
Christmas
yeah oh we on ustream on laughter trying
to raise some money for this disaster in
the Philippines we make it green right
now I don't know what you see right now
but Andrew Garcia is on the ukulele and
it's okay cuz I'm like you're what the
belly then on ustream I'm on I'm on
stream I'm streaming right now on
laughter trying to raise money for the
Philippines we've already raised
twenty-five hundred dollars and what
we've raised so far I'm a double so that
equals five thousand dollars we've been
taking shots for every 500 mark we sing
in a titty song we making money we
donated to the Filipino people let me
see you today let me see it see that
y'all are gonna vlog y'all are gonna
vlog check it out hey y'all want to be
on the vlog sing sing your name say your
name say you the name save your name say
your name so you can be Tim's like
everyone
see you hear me bunny get Shaymin a say
what NATO everybody uh yeah say my name
we have so far reached almost forty five
hundred dollars for the Philippines I'm
a double that which makes it nine that
was gonna make nine thousand dollars for
the Philippines and we went through a
bundle of patron we went through a
bottle of ciroc I mean half bottles but
you know I'm saying we've been drinking
and yeah not Rick Rick doesn't drink
y'all know that uh yeah Benji drinks a
little bit I drink a lot a bit and you
know it's awful good cause though you
don't say we turning up for the
philippines right now we're taking a
random trip to Vegas right now it's me
Benji Rick my dad took the place of
Andrew and we're gonna and this is a
different vegas trip we're gonna
actually turn down turn down so hard on
this trip talking about getting massaged
go to the buffet layout maybe even catch
a show Benji's gonna turn up though God
one time and MN just so you know
sometimes you want to randomly go to
Vegas you know I'm saying you guys get
your goody stuff yet goodie crewnecks
goodie hoodie goodie everything you know
I'm saying Tina Sam
Saul I haven't known you're in vegas
right it's like super rainy outside and
cold which is dope because like I said
this is a turn down weekend I'm not
trying to go anywhere but the room is
dope check this shit out it's so dope I
know I have my shit scattered everywhere
but this room is though and peep their
son Pete this Open Sesame okay now check
this out open bitch now i'm just playing
the buttons the button do that but yo
this is no break yes then take you over
here check out this view oh yeah brother
oh man I'm so ready to just lay out um
order some room service and jack off and
that my benji going in on the crab legs
whatever sir I love me some crabs she
need to bribe me to golden spoon is it
the golden spoon and we get from the
wicked spoon at the Cosmopolitan getting
our buffet on I'm like I'm like five
plates deep things he's like she's going
in a Cell bro wanna die he's on a diet
damn the royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
