hi how you guys doing it's a beautiful
beautiful day just going on another
meeting as always so many meetings man
like this life like this entertainment
shit it's just filled with mad meetings
a lot of people that you know talk about
different opportunities and talk about
things they can do for you and you know
a lot of times it's all a lot of
bullshit you know but you gotta you
gotta go out there and make those
connections you know because it's really
all about the connections you make and
the doors you open up for yourself and a
lot of people say that like la is like
fake because everybody is trying to get
something out of you like they don't
want to know you unless they can get
something out of you you know I'm saying
but you can't look at it like that you
have to realize that it's give and take
you know I'm saying you need somebody
who can potentially open the door for
you and they're opening this door for
you because they know that it can be a
lucrative opportunity for them as well
like it's not a fake situation we're all
just people in a network that are trying
to better everybody's situation by
finding a deal that works there's
nothing fake about smiling and shaking
hands and and meeting people because you
know that they're successful you know
it's about like look man I know what you
do you know what I do you're cool let's
make something work let's make this
money you know I'm saying and there's
nothing fake about that do whatever you
want I'm just kind of filming here I'm
in the middle of the street so that's
all that bitch
fuck that bitch
some sin here I might oh man this
meeting you know I'm saying business
meeting real Hollywood shit this man
right here what's up sorry miss snack
director he's gonna put me in movies and
stuff it's gonna be amazing
change the world change the world
sup oh I got a tweet from some people
said they're at the restaurant I decided
to stop by hello hello who are you guys
and you Lisa
were okay and they have a band what is
the name of the band word and she vlogs
what's the what's the YouTube comments
were and how do they hear your music
up here for Skyy John thing
I mean tipsy bartender I've known you
since used to interview prostitutes and
transsexuals yeah that was that was the
good old days but now you making drinks
this is real shit YouTube fam here what
Taryn Bobby Deen again okay
oh so no new friends no new friends well
yeah we but he's about to make me my own
little custom drank yeah and this dude
made it for you actually it's called
love peace key really love team of peace
key cheese yes you got that you got any
in there yeah
you got the watermelon juice I brought
my special request so I know this shit
sounds mad stereotypical right but Haney
and watermelon juice siliceous delicious
scrumptious scrum doodly umph shit it's
a beautifully gloomy day in Los Angeles
yeah I sound like a weatherman it's a
beautifully gloomy day in Los Angeles is
a warm front coming in from the
Northeast we're gonna read yeah but uh
yeah I met in a Disneyland right now on
some random random stuff cuz my homegirl
wrist rolls is in town from Vegas she's
taking her daughter's to dinner LAN and
one of my meetings got cancelled today
so I was like man hey oh yeah Disneyland
it is that's the beauty of being in LA
and having a pass the Disneyland
cuz you can just stop in for a couple
hours if you like you know kick it with
Mickey rub on Minnie's booty you know
I'm saying oh I'm here at Disneyland
with with Chris Rose and her babies
what's up and hello who are you hi hi
and and we're having so much fun and so
much fun first of all is how are you I
haven't seen you in a long time
never you're you're always hiding from
me okay
so guys the other day I was at a little
sex shop right and I saw this present
that I knew as soon as I saw it I
thought a Rick and I had to get it for
him check it out check it out check it
out
BAM color my boobs Rick loves titties
and he also loves coloring he goes up
drawing titties and he loves drawing
cities there you go yeah
you ruined your Christmas present whoa
this is the test this is the test new
camera new lens on oh hey all the vlogs
like this from now on yeah yeah can you
hear me - uh-oh
China's time for Andrew and so this is
how you tie it this is the Windsor knot
okay yo little fancy he wins or not you
take the longer piece you go over the
shorter piece and you go under and over
and you make sure you have a nice little
solid base right here this little piece
right here make sure it's nice and solid
that's your like foundation
bring it around you come under again
okay you got me there
and then you go in the little hoop there
you know a little hole into the hole BAM
there you go you're gonna make a fine
wife someday
we had great snow oh my god
Oh
the rival penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
