yeah back home across the border I hate
to see but I gotta do all the time
behave
shot another episode of all and of
course we got my chancla here oh my gosh
look who's back here hey hey body roll
body roll body all in I just killed my
reputation and when I say I killed it
that's what I killed oh she was so good
she was so good yay she's checking
himself out this TV show you know hey
yeah yeah yeah wait isn't this only six
seconds oh shit oh my god my life I
can't she's gonna she's gonna twerk
Ricky blogging the toy good get it hey
hey no not you Rock the hey hi hi hi hi
we over here at the popular demand
operator taking up some free shit
freezes it figure on the reason thunder
cut we're having a moment I'm sorry yeah
we were just key back so we just dropped
my mom off at the airport she's going to
Thailand for like a month how you feel
that
she's out of my life she's out of my
life I don't know a red hole that she's
out
ah you're so funny dad so we doing a
little photo shoot for all the new
goodies shit we got coming we got crazy
goodies shit coming good life beneath we
got vine Lee Anne V we got the goodies
snapbacks who else we got here we got
Bobby what some say Bobby say what's up
Bobby Deen we here at this photo shoot
we got an Joon here chillin on the couch
we all just chilling you know I'm saying
who we got we got Marilyn here taking
pictures of everybody we got risa here
we can't show you that that shirt right
there is exclusive shit right there you
can't see that we got crazy goody shit
coming son dropping right in time for
the holidays so make sure you save your
money so you can get you some some of
this new shit
these little 18 year old girls are so
nasty
what's going on
Oh
the blogroll wanna slap me bitch what
with the big bitch with the skinny bitch
is the Fickett bitch was I mean haha hi
bro baby now we're just chilling having
some jack-in-the-box uh cuz
jack-in-the-box is the place to go after
a night of clubbing having some
motherfucking grapes and some
motherfucking grapes red grapes twice
for the floor new goodie headgear drops
on Tuesday the 12th so get you some this
is actually dope and of these baseball
tees these goodie baseball tees will be
dropping royal soon too we use hustler
you know saying me a Rick grinded you
know I'm Stan grind Chuck make that
money driving with no hands is shit so
the last vlog people were like why are
you guys watching porn together and why
is Angelina's underwear and you know
here's what y'all gotta realize first of
all we're grown-ass men you know I'm Sam
second of all when you are working all
day and you got some slim pants on um
and it's hot when you get home you want
to take your fucking pants off third of
all um I'm comfortable with Angela he's
comfortable with me we're comfortable
with our own sexualities you feel me
um I can have my dick out right now he
could head in say go right now I don't
want to suck his dick you wanna suck my
dick
no we're chilling I actually have a
video saying that no homo is actually a
gay thing to do like why do you have to
remind your boys all the time that
you're not gay like he knows I like the
poon I know he likes the poon
we got no worries you know I'm saying we
good we chilling it's level nine
bromance you know I'm saying level nine
bromance it's real serious you know sad
titties man
titties tease tease tease tease tease
tease tease
let me see let me see let me see your
titties baby whoever's free to burn
every seat is Blaine let me see - let me
see Teddy - tissue dicted let me see you
today
let me see your titties let me see your
titty whoever sent it let me see you
cheated let me see your titties
let me see your titties let me see - let
me see Teddy baby let me see your
titties let me see it let me see Teddy
thing let me see it let me see it let me
see it let me see your titties baby look
at the attentive let me see it let me
see tip - eat it let me see your
dedicated chitosan titty lettuce eat it
Teddy Teddy I wanna suck your titty I'm
gonna suck your titty I'm gonna suck
your titty I'm gonna suck you did it I
wanna lick your titty I'm going to lick
your titty I'm going to lick your titty
I'm pulling the Lincoln Teddy I'm
falling the budget ended up on the bike
team up on the bike Teddy I'm on the
bike David Lammy budgeted
hey everybody tidbit the everybody - hey
everybody
teddy bear landed by Lemmy buddy link
back girl just let me back let me bite
the tip then by the tick and but I know
that you're gonna like
baby
just let me lick that city baby put some
pants on you gay boy the royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
