cuz she wears short skirts I wear
t-shirts she's cheer captain it's this
little like a YouTube / Viner / vlogger
Halloween thing um Eric is can you guess
who he is guys before Justin beer and
hahaha do you carry that with you yeah
yeah yeah yes yes he has my Selena Gomez
pillow which was a gift from one of my
fans if you watched one of the past
meet-and-greets umm blogs and I'm
wearing the exact same outfit from my
last Halloween except now I have a
little mini high-top fade here so you
know it kind of complements the whole
fitch and now we're gonna go you know
turn up and shit oh we got to this party
out here everybody's party okay who are
you guys Roxy oh my god I'm so excited
to be in this video
Timothy oh my gosh caramel
caramels oh yeah we're with exoticjess
y'all know he's not a guest no tonight
I'm scary I don't know what my costumers
scary scary Jess it's very scary jack a
scare Jeff and she's trying to get me
turnt it's not on you now it is notice
their peach infused vodka teas oh it
sounds so Hollywood
peach infused diet organic gluten-free
lauric rocket shit some shit like that
Rob you get met them my beautiful minim
attic shot I'm sorry Finn just chilling
people taking pictures you wanna call
upskirt hey Fairmount
what's the fire all the fire power you
know we're the bomb you're the bomb we
are the bomb we are the bombs
paramount so this morning I was laying
in bed I was like snuggled up in my
blankets and I tweeted man if God wanted
me to leave this bed he wouldn't have
made it so comfortable hashtag someone
sent me food okay
so couple people were like tweeting me
oh yeah I got you how about some fun
I'll send you a pizza blah blah so then
someone actually sent me a pizza I don't
know how you know where I live
but uh even though it's a little creepy
thank you okay a lot of creepy
thank you for my pizza I really hope
it's not poison and eat it first
okay everybody might take the first bite
but thank you for the pizza he's repping
he's repping California and a dad
thought the west side you got thought
the west side okay my finger doesn't
call a Casper and you get across them I
did say good my finger is too fast
because you okay
take away your took a tuck the thumb
there you go let me candy for line it's
safe we ate the pizza we did not die yet
so I see you at the crossroads
oh with sitting Susan from Long Beach
okay five six - how's the food it's
delicious thank you for coming thank you
to your family for you alright and yeah
thanks thanks thank you Hey look who
else is here guys the quails is here ah
tell me when you're gonna start
recording so I could call my airline
shave this this right here
you haven't seen PD for what what time
is it I don't know let me show you on my
new Rolex we roll like that man got in
Thailand guys know that legit big baller
4000 baht right here 1000 baht I was
making it rain body ping pong Joe be
puzzle hey so about to hit the club from
a home girl Kim Berlin's birthday of
having been to the club in a while
Chinese food at the family because it's
fun day and they're telling me how
transsexuals in Thailand are the most
beautiful ones small reporting the real
girl more beautiful than the real girls
out there right and I believe it the
transsexuals in Thailand are so bomb
like you wouldn't be able to tell like
unless you ask you you can't tell him -
no even when Skyy John he went to
Thailand and he interviewed this
transsexual
she took her panties off and he couldn't
even tell right because of the surgery
yeah
Fitness is too small no no couldn't even
tell cuz the surgery and she said she
and she said she didn't tell people
unless they asked hmm huh this another
example uh I am and look who's looks
look who's here guys
hi on Showtime there's a movie on it's
called Playmate of the Apes and like
it's not even okay that's kind of segue
a little Bush there but like the la most
of the sex scenes aren't even like
aren't even a hot like okay that's kind
of hot okay that's kinda hot let me see
if I can show you guys a little bit of
it
hold on
I can't show you that yeah I'm gonna do
that so this is what's going on right
now
the they've been taken captive by the
Apes and oh it can't show you that
they've been taken captive by the Apes
and they're in the cage and these are
actually the the hotter ones oh yeah
please that porn music yeah yeah I like
that yeah later
yeah ma ting ting ting ting ting ting
ting ting did we got some titties and
they they lookin nice make your nipples
real hard and take some of this ice rub
on your titties and girl just let me see
if I like titties I might give you some
D can I liked it tips tips teeth ls6
tips teeth titties oh I see your booty
and it's looking real nice how much that
booty conquer I'll pay the price
what you bring it to my place we can put
it down and the neighbors know my name
cuz you gonna be making sounds cuz I
like cheese 6 6 6
six teeth yeah I like cheese cheese is
getting real late I think it's time for
a call how about you suck on my team and
be me lick on my balls you know that I'm
just a freak I like to do it outside
nasty motherfucker ain't no reason to
hide I like to tease tease titties get
my life jinx jinx
tease tease tease tease sis yeah yeah
that was improvised because we horny sir
the Royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
