so I'm heading to the airport finally
going to see Chia man I feel like I
haven't seen her in like months but it's
only been a month
what's up dad how you feeling stop right
here and yeah going to the airport and
it's Canada time you know holiday season
is cuffing season everybody wants to
cuddle and stuff it's cold outside so
I'm ready you ready to cuddle with mom
maybe it's for baby it's cold outside my
chest is trauma now I just wanna clean
this and fill any feels when he's not
sure what he's feeling but he knows that
it's real to take something intangible
and try to explain so guys guess where I
am yes I'm wearing a do-rag because I am
growing my hair out and it looks really
stupid when it's puffy but it looks good
when it's flat so I mean she is house
y'all yeah look who it is and so I
actually ordered this online because I
saw a girl using it and but it fits my
phone stupid so I gave it to Chia cuz
I'm you know I mean no I bought that for
to you so baby feel that sick so what
we're doing today is I'm gonna help she
like move some shit into her new spot
that she bought and I'll help her like
retile like foot what are we doing what
gluing gluing lino what Sal I know
okay so we'll help her floor shit
you know might be wondering why she
about her own house like isn't she
supposed to move in with you tan that's
what you're thinking I know that's what
you're thinking
but you know we both just think it's
better if everybody kind of has their
time and do their own thing and live
their life and have the time to be
independent you know I just think it'll
make us a stronger couple in the long
run and she just wants her own little
place to decorate and make her own do
her thing
came to see you and and she loves doing
this type of shit you know remodeling
houses and painting and all that stuff
so you know I'm in no rush man I'm
chillin I've only been in my slot for a
year I mean we've only been together for
two years guys I've had a pair of vans
for longer than that and Plus this she
looks tight in Home Depot shopping for
sinks shopping for sinks at Home Depot
Home Depot shopping for sinks hmm should
I go with the gray or a dark gray or
light gray or medium gray so I go for
the eggshell or the shirt truce is that
color sure truce that's a color all
right so is 4 o'clock in the morning
you know as always it's time to bid
adieu to Mon ch√©ri
lechea and it was a short visit you know
help to get her house together I gotta
get home get my house feet up cuz its
toe up and and yeah baby
thanks for the hospitality is bright I
know it's time to go home cuz I gotta
get back for easy easy concert tomorrow
and babe I'm sorry you can't be there
with me I know it's bright all right
John I want to lay over going home from
gia time and I was in the bathroom not
taking selfies and and this guy walked
and these guys like hey yo yeah we're
looking for you how do you know how do
you know I was here oh well shit we're
here man I just pooed we're having a
good time for have another airport party
back in LA I had to come back to LA on
time so me Rick could go to the Jesus
concert Jesus it's Kendrick and easy
spot to be a dope show I'm a Kendrick
fan I'm an easy fan Rick sure it's about
to be crazy hey Mira got these like VIP
tickets on where we get this little like
wine and beer and Hort diverse a little
pre VIP private party before the actual
concert as you can see there's poured to
hers
over her there's horse all right and you
know as much of people sitting around
sipping on beer and wine and listening
to Kanye West and waiting on Kanye West
Oh
that man is a genius
good morning you sexy motherfuckers you
know hey Kanye show was dope last night
my phone died that she was tight
it was weird of course you know but
that's Kanye man I felt like I was
watching more of a performance-art piece
from one of my art classes rather than
like a rap concert you know but shit was
tight you know Kanye's whole thing was
that if you want to be creative do
whatever you want to do who cares if
people don't understand you just let
your brain do whatever it wants you know
and then she was sold Monica
good and that shit was so dope because
you know sometimes I want to be creative
or there's different things that I want
to try but I'm afraid of how people
might react to it or I'm afraid that my
audience might not like it and just you
know just knowing that that he was being
as creative as he wanted and he was like
fuck what everyone thinks is you know
pretty inspirational and it was dope you
know like Kanye whether you hate him or
love them he's an innovative dude you
know I'm saying his brain is in like
another universe and that's really kind
of admirable you know like so many kids
these days y'all are quick to dismiss
everything is what the fuck the fuck
that I just watched what the fuck was
that
and no one kind of takes time to analyze
or or think about what something may
mean just because it's weird
doesn't mean it's random and pointless
you know I'm saying like open your mind
a little bit and really kind of try and
take the time to understand some shit
and you never know where your brain you
might go you know all right guys so I'm
here to shoot my first video with this
dude right here what's up everybody let
him know who you are a what I let you
guys through this vlog I think it was
like two years ago I was even scared to
let you guys know who I am but check me
out I go by the name of fouseytube you
should search shit Drake says find my
channel show me some love and I'll make
you laugh maybe not as much as this guy
but I'll make you laugh but ladies he's
way cuter he's buff look at them brows
nice I'm here a little cuter here little
cuter I'm working on it I'm doing
insanity before I go to sleep and leave
this vlog uploading I just want to point
out a couple things first thing being
yes I'm growing my hair out this is
about about two three weeks worth of
hair growth right here also if you don't
follow me on instagram you don't know
that this shirt right here the de la
ghetto thriller edition homies T that is
me as a zombie is available has been
available all week and is only available
up until Halloween so buy it Rodeo
arcade calm so have a good night
be safe eat your candy corn
if you're gonna hook up with some girl
in a sexy ass costume make sure you put
on a condom alright y'all have a good
night
look at my pimple the royal penis is
clean your highness
thank you King shit
