I got some finally back in my family's
house it's been so long I was away for
two weeks I missed Monday fun day but
now I'm here again Monday fun day oh I'm
so ready to eat yo I'm all waiting again
we got scrimps
we got steaks we got crabs my whole
family got crabs
you got veggies we a crap family we are
crab having family my mom has crabs guys
it's time to go so uh I just shot the
music video for my remix of Royals and
yes I know I've been wearing this shirt
all week I really like this right okay
but uh yeah I'm on this tricycle I
rented this tricycle and I'm just like
cruising the beach you know it's so nice
we shot the video and we wrap the video
and I figure I just kind of ride around
for a bit you know I'm saying they see
me rollin they hatin that should make me
proud bro I'm proud it's like my brother
right there getting on right now man
it's tight team YouTube team YouTube
takeover baby um
we're driving yeah see I bro I'm a pro
at this shit vlogging driving eating an
apple with his hand people like Tim how
you doing it I don't know I have no idea
right now
um drive on my dick and I'm done with
Eric's dick and so I'm here with super
ego here with Ricky shucks
shooting a little parody of catfish and
I got it's gonna be so funny I wish I
could reveal the surprise to you with
the special guests I wish I could vlog
with the special guest is but it's gonna
ruin the whole joke so just stay tuned
to be sad
funny hey now girl I know you felt it
boon okay help me you know what I wanna
do Oh wrong part whoops
I mean I'm in Venice Beach for a meeting
right and I went to get some some sushi
yeah some pokey pokey pokey pokey and I
ran into okay she works I was gonna
order something and she started just cry
on the camera oh my god no oh my god I
just need to tell my boyfriend this he
loves you he's always watching you like
it's great thank you I love y'all too so
as always you know just all in a day's
work I'm out here in LA on a little
writing meeting for this web series I'm
doing produced by this cab who are you
bro no I'm so fucking nervous right now
Danny Lee Danny Lee follow him on
Twitter if you want to be connected to
shit I'll put you I'll put your Twitter
down here and yeah man working on some
very interesting shit with some really
some big people so stay tuned for that
and you know we in LA cuz I bought this
shit right I'm at this coffee place it's
a Coco colada organic raw cold-pressed
juice ten dollars for this shit bro and
I paid like a boss cuz you know ok ok he
paid for the juice whatever but I could
have paid for it
after a long day of meetings and writing
and all type of shit I'm turning up with
my boys here can y'all see Rick okay
let's look at Eric okay Oh Eric here too
okay you can only see me no no okay okay
I'm gonna be drunk and so we're going on
on my jungle magic we're going to a
little Club it's been a minute since
I've been to a club type atmosphere with
the me the boys the home skillets here
and Yemen should be a good time you know
do you want to ride with us man turn
left or turn up Monica okay now can you
see Rick
here on the set we just wrapped another
episode of all in and who are you yeah
thank you
all right so we just did another episode
of all in and today's special guest is
that work on these vines I'm trying to
observe another business meeting
handling shit as you can see is La in
the background looking beautiful nice
and clear day look ya'll it's like a
real boardroom and shit it's my everyday
bro driving to LA fighting the traffic
having meetings getting it in you know
I'm saying Danny Lee in the background
we working on this webseries time is
money you know I'm saying oh we got
big-ass pencils on deck
big-ass pencils I ain't used pencils or
even held a pencil in years but we
getting creative now I got a bounce cuz
I got some more shit to do alright so I
just wrapped up shooting some stuff with
a with this man what are you gonna be
doing over here bro teens know
everything even though neither one of us
are team hey it's okay I still look like
I'm 16 sometimes you know hey all in a
day's work though
put a boss man turn out hey you bring me
up you bring me back next season
although bro oh I was a joke I'm coming
back yo so I've been up since like 3
a.m.
folding clothes check it out my room is
actually kind of clean today it's crazy
cuz I cleaned all my shit i vacuumed I
folded all these clothes right chill um
look at my view it's looking nice it's a
nice gloomy day out Golden Girls is on
big screen I'm in a good mood paying
bills handling business because I'm
about to go visit Chia finally it feels
like I haven't seen her in forever even
though it's only been like a few weeks
or a month or whatever but I need me
some Chia time my heart and balls are
about to explode Oh have you ain't seen
this my boy Mike Tompkins did a good
adult video of taking me out to the ball
game that's my homie he's good dude we
shot some stuff together so go check it
out take me a crackerjack check that out
also if you didn't see my catfish pair
you go check it out everyone's saying
this is the funniest kid I've put out in
a long time and I'm really proud of it
so alright y'all I'm about to hop on a
plane airplanes in time I know that I
see y'all when I'm in Canadia and chill
and nestled up against big hair and
booty the Royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
