there we are Toronto Dundas Square how
you say it Dundas Dundas and mass done
dad
Toronto not really sure what's going on
something cultural as you can see it she
is soaking in the culture right now and
it's brewed okay so this is the couples
tag game I don't know it's like how you
met how long have you been together
earlier
wait I'm gonna fart on you honey are you
all ready here we go
no no push up what are you trying they
look like you holding up movies John
you're picky oh you can laugh can you do
that I did that shit in like 20 seconds
to get back to work
I'm gonna stay in Toronto a couple more
days cuz I'm going to New York right
after this babe
load only may be very evil oh babe baby
baby baby baby no baby
have there no babe babe babe we're but
hey hey no there no breathing
Hey
here but all right so it's my last day
in Toronto I decided to hit these dudes
up to shoot little skits of y'all here
limbs loose killers and brampton so like
the only committee to hey we just shot
us to get this is not a chunk dirty
episode even though I got the giant
white CR and do-rag
this is something they came up with if
we perpetuate any stereotypes it's okay
it's on them because they're black uh
and AAA and thanks for coming through
fellas thanks for helping next huh
yes sir and if it's not funny it's their
fault all right okay I'm just kind of
walking around Dundas Square by myself
chillin just soaking in the change bro
bro what no I don't have any change dude
come on anyways a lot of homeless people
out here in Toronto oh my god guys look
who it is oh my god it's got a change
looking for it hey what's going on I run
these streets I'll play your hairs and
every anywhere anywhere no player haters
around done everybody's so nice in
Canada there's like there are no player
haters no player hater it's like I'm
saying only appreciators out here shouts
out to my oh my god
all right so i'm in this cab and i'm
leaving Toronto finally thank you to
everybody in Toronto for always showing
me mad love and I figured since I was so
close to New York I might as well fly to
New York for a couple days and yeah man
I'm and I'm dubbing this over right now
because I don't want the cab driver to
hear me talking to myself
don't trip you can't see me yeah
Saul I haven't no they were like hey man
if you want to trade your king bed for
two queens we'll give you a free Wi-Fi
for the whole weekend wife I was like 15
bucks a day I was like hell yeah brah I
know anyways
finally here in beautiful New York is so
good to be back concrete jungles where
dreams are made of
and you know I always got to stop by go
to the motherfucking halal guys for that
chicken and rice though that white sauce
doe yeah so Nick Cannon you doing like a
concert
it's a concept for the st. Mary's
Hospital I'm here this is Rachel choice
Pam to be doing and we're watching this
chick
thank you what's happening with the with
the Louboutins bro man this the freaking
hook the baton is falling off the loop
where is her hates picture what is this
pay all this money for these shoes and
they fall apart bootleg go back to
procane well you know whenever I'm in
New York I got to stop by filthy rich
barber shop get nice and fresh you know
Sam mmm you know Sam I'm out here where
we are
Joe Jimmy Elmer's Queens Jojo and Elmer
screams and you are Ryan Mitchell gray
Ryan Mitchell a always hit my boy up
when I'm out here got a little grub got
a lil drink whatever whatever
whoo look at him cakes and and he took
me to this bomb bond if you don't know
finance it's like a Vietnamese sandwich
I'm Sam and this is bomb so good don't
chip I'll get sexy when I get back from
New York you're ready are you already
are he makes music and shit where can I
find you um are you breezy on you are G
breezy on YouTube I wink I'll link you
guys mmm
Brian's about to make me get on the
train by myself he doesn't even know
what I'm supposed to get off right now
yeah great we're all 50 shining seven
tap
you don't even know 7,000 oh my god guys
I'm gonna get lost I'll pick it off
oh my god guys I did it I did it I got
my car oh my god I'm eating well some
time ago I lost and I love across the
water a blood matter 2013 is here and
revving to go if you guys want to see a
big-ass fireball make some noise
yeah and that was us just warming you up
literally in metaphorically I get it
you got it you got it got it you got it
every you can got it now I got it
huh oh you got it now yes I got it so I
randomly got hit up to go to this
YouTube I didn't even know what's going
on with the digit or I just wrapped and
I'm at the after-party what's up Rob
where you let him know Joe say Nagato
youtube.com slash you let him know I
don't know stop emotion right now it's
all good and I'm at this YouTube party
our nematodes going on yeah last day in
New York
I actually extended my trip supposedly
yesterday but an opportunity an
opportunity came up to do a little photo
shoot for vibe man ain't nobody here a
photo shoot for vibe magazine for this
little this little court okay I need to
get out this bathroom she won't let me
tell you what it's about but I can say
my vibe right that's it okay it's for my
magazine and what's up bro hey told us
for the behind-the-scenes no yeah out
here again we not you're not supposed to
see I gotta cut that out why cuz I'm not
supposed to tell them this about oh my
bad alright I'll be an open-minded you
know this yeah no I have nothing to do
with that yeah our New York is been fun
but I've been away from home for way too
long it's time to go back I miss my
family and I miss Mexicans uh so it's
time for me to hop in this cab and then
hop in this plane and if someone is to
hop on this day you got the Royal penis
is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
