what's up y'all so me and Shia are
chillin in Toronto have a son better
still Aslam hane watching Breaking Bad
it's like everyone else in the whole
entire world and my my mission this
month with the Fiesta movement was to
integrate the Fiesta into my youtube
banner okay and my vlog channel actually
didn't have a banner and some dude tag
me on Instagram and drew this picture of
me and my parents check it out
isn't that cool so then I thought yo how
dope would it be if he just put
everybody you see in my vlogs into one
whole cartoon eyes banner so he hooked
it up he put PD flow in their super-ego
in there and you in their Chia in there
of course Rick is in there the whole the
regular phases you would see my vlog are
in this banner so check it out here's
what he did
I like this be right
this mean a good move yeah so what if a
minute made on my flight to Vancouver
curry and my tummy that chicky with
being boom not steady beanie some
burgundy van shoes keep my favor upon
the seat cuz I know that I can't lose ha
and y'all know what the name is now what
they call quote internet-famous
boy a penis clean I keep my steel
stainless advice for the young inch of
some of you so brainless and I'm just
trying to stay focused trying to keep my
head up in the room full of locusts you
trying to take a second to stop and
smell roses but every hater here when
the screen halitosis in my face so I
turn my nose up wait in my place for my
turn to blow up the pops looking cloud
like damn my son grown up the corona the
toaster yeah
like waking up to a forehead kiss from
the Kelly Sun big booty in my bed
squeeze like a cat person they told me I
wouldn't make it it can't be done not a
yall wanna piece like a pack of gum I'm
making history call up the historian put
him up the misery dr. Kevorkian my chick
- she black in Salvadorian so mixed I'll
be riding that door over here dude did a
bang-up job as they say you ever heard
that phrase made bang a bang up job
that's a good thing so if you want to
follow him on instagram it is at Alley
stairs underscore art life his a
personal Twitter and Instagram is at
Ali's stare Austria and he said he only
answers to design requests through his
email which is al Austria 109 at
gmail.com alright so thank you guys
Fiesta thank you guys thank you Ally
Austria
for the banner and go check out my new
banner if you haven't seen it yet on my
channel and
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
