guess what this is the booty show me how
your booty
booty booty booty with a little run in
this thing
SAS yeah I'm in Gainesville for this
last meeting greet spiking early late
night early morning you're gonna get
down on these noodles real quick before
we start this up Sagarika kids thank you
thank you
my name is Joe code Daytona Beach
Daytona Beach today I'm signing your
your rice cooker let's make my rice so
sexy
hell yeah perpetuating stereotypes all
day yeah are you gonna rap for me yo oh
shit me I said we have been sauce with
Timothy DeLaGhetto at my bank account
well Brent I got more green than a grass
meadow uh yeah I mixed a coming out in
March me okay so download that mixtape
freshman year at high school a little
Asian nerdy kid always thought by
himself
mmm by the time I was senior year
watching all tennis videos like me girls
laugh talking to all the chicks you know
I became a prom king it's all because of
you - oh yeah you see that I'm changing
lives she's no Brendon funny
oh she's hilarious Alaric dude got in
line like three times because he keeps
fucking up okay shoutout to Adrian Poe
Erin Adam Allen fen and Tyler Gibbs all
right thanks to him thank you I'm glad
that yet to come the Gainesville first
celebrity I get to be a girl Pete then
again I'm not even a celebrity
okay you
and I almost had to be all of my family
in Orlando on Azabu throw a shot on Sean
my Instagram's at a moon geun Canada who
do panda so Keo NGO and oh you know why
that's funny right yeah okay we're gonna
we're shouting out Dan who yell because
he drew this beautiful portrait of her
boy he is like yeah okay this is weird
you gotta be blood okay that this is why
you're the Putin goon bro you little
dirt you cheeky monkey
what unfortunate you asked her out bitch
that's okay that's okay over it y'all
ready I'm at my first-ever tailgate
party restraint I've never experienced
this before so it's all these college
white people right fucking and they like
so it's like I was at the football game
and they get and they set up these like
tents and shit and their cars and like
they you know they grill and they drink
and I don't know what's going on but
it's crazy I'm not used to this white
boy life man but it looks fun so this is
called cornhole apparently you throw a
bag of rice into a bag of sand or
something into a hole I don't know man
crazy I don't know why they don't call
it rice hole some guys some bout to go
to this last club you fan in Gainesville
I'm just peeing by this car real quick
cuz I gotta pee really bad there's a
long line at the bathroom
but yeah man Florida what's up you've
been you've been real dope I'm peeing
and I'm peeing right now all right oh
shit oh my god put my dick away
all right so I'm leaving of Florida
after all the events and all the mean
greets and all the club events it's
always a good time thank you to Tony
cool for bringing me out once again
Thank You Florida Jacksonville
Gainesville Orlando always showing mad
love I appreciate it time to go back
home and go to sleep
all right I'll be back on the set
another episode of all in we're here my
boy you might have seen him on vine boy
I came back king bachelor in building we
got stuck we got the Brittany Furlan and
it's fine is in the building we at a
time six seconds is up turned into a
mind for this skit I wrote we got a bang
hey we got Rick damn here and yeah man
this shit should be funny and we should
use this for some other skits you know
what cuz a mime is a terrible thing to
waste
we got sheena the sound girl looking up
asia with the microphone seen it
oh I wasn't even thinking about that but
like okay cool if you want to make it
dirty Oh Xena what stopped me gross
vampire teeth oh man that sucks
so my dig so my dig somebody I'm at
Disneyland with these lovely people here
and guess what guess what this is the
400 or a big log that's crazy right for
like the past like three years of my
life hey congrats bro thank you happy
400 I mean will suck on a pickle shit
max in his chick and her do
little no and apparently you are fit
your family I bet you the best I mean
you call tonight what's up bro what up
dude for you
Jigga man jig the barber jig the barber
TBS one hook me up with a house call
I'll be looking fresh appreciate it brah
appreciate it
so guess what guys I'm in Toronto that's
right back in Canadia and I'm here for
this thing called the teens favor Wars
they invited me out here I'm not really
sure what's going on but I'm out here
and I'm with my beautiful chia-chia Coco
Puffs in the house uh baby you look
ravishing my dear ravishing she has he
was one guys she has heels I'm actually
taller than she about like an inch but
yeah okay so here we go about to go to
this Awards Show seam coochie mama the
traffic in Toronto is crazy right now
and all what's going on to construction
everywhere oh but look who are here with
guys hello yo hello
if you ain't no on you know I'm on MTV -
they don't enter v1 they're better than
me so they're from Teen Mom with you
only no I'm Chantal Chia that we need to
do a 20 something mom so I can put this
baby in her already we gonna show
yo over here at the teens favored ones
it's long
the royal pain is the clean your
highness Thank You King shit
