finally in Orlando after mad like I miss
my flight and then like they had to move
the meet-and-greet from the mall to
downtown but then they didn't move it
but then they did so we're gonna stop by
the mall real quick to see if anybody's
still here and then I'm gonna go to the
mall for the official meet and greet
whew man I've been flying all day my
balls staying my ass stinks my breath
stinks I'm greasy but he's so pretty you
are so pretty on I love you when you see
I love you Lexi I hate you okay that's
the second spot Oh
town liquid dreams group of friends that
showed up right now
it's a whitey together what unity oh
it's like see black and white and Asian
at the same time like a panda these
girls I love you I love Batman to you
guys drove from two hours away yeah
what what is that oh thank you to
everybody who came to all the meet and
greets sorry about the confusion now I'm
going to club vain for my club event
tonight and conceded from wildin out
he's gonna meet me up there he's in the
area so we're gonna party and you know
get crunk I'm gonna say turn up anymore
I'll bring up imma be i'ma bring crunk
your back
Oh Florida
I'm heading from orlando jacksonville
tony cupisz roadtrip it's nice and sunny
so I'm here at the me
first people in line hi I didn't pack
socks so I told this chick on Twitter to
bring me socks and she brought me some
socks thank you
she brought me my life snack I like to
make with the Doritos and the cheese
with the banana and what else you bring
me what's this what's the hell of stuff
this is yo I'm not gonna flip oh okay
the serial position word what's this is
this like every season every season of
Fresh Prince you crazy
alright let's go sit okay sooo Fang
Chang pick up to you bro a new motion am
cuz I drop you out
ruff yeah big fan what did you drop me
here you in the log
doing the blog to avoid time ago on my
myspace back in like oh six or some shit
like that I printed out I have my fans
print out this fan sign and take
pictures with it and she was a part of
that slideshow that's crazy
thank you but yeah no f nigga good shot
to my boy Jalen my cousin kneeling I
didn't say you could shout people out
Louie back it's real serious on the
inside though I'm not that I'm not
important enough for Elsa it's okay it's
okay it's good for the vlog
name three letters follow me on
instagram my name is Rudy underscore in
between each word do you post really hot
pictures and or funny pictures yes sir
okay well then follow him on Instagram
closing out you're almost done
we almost done to Caesar Boy George we
almost yeah what's happened oh yeah what
time is it how long was that to our
great that's okay
and about to like you know and take a
shower a clean my stank body off this
man wants a wrap for me I already told
them I was probably gonna cut most of it
for the vlog but hey but but it's okay
look no disrespect to the others but I'm
trying to accomplish here today just
might be the hardest and the goals that
I personally plan to reach just might be
the farthest not understand I'm not
saying I'm the most talented but I would
certainly say that my soul be the
largest and with it I plan to paint a
picture within these walls like graffiti
art it's just the last time I checked
the future is something that only God
could see so what I choose to do in my
life is specifically between God and me
and that's what I'm care about anything
these haters have to say cuz you can
best believe that they too since doesn't
profit me o kill them
Genesis but so no no we're rapping
go go go put the baby T and I'm casting
out and I'm stacking these papers in
large amounts when I walk in the room
they turn to what goes I stepped inside
of my haunted house you know though
overdose yo girl look at me like an
envelope so I'm finally back in my room
after that long ask me and greed and can
we just take a second to break down the
presence that that girl got me her name
is see flakes on Twitter okay and um she
at first I was like I was just it was so
dope she got me every every season of
The Fresh Prince okay I only own like
two you would think I had him already
but I didn't but she got him off for me
she got me the best of boys to men cuz
you know I stay singing boys to men's
songs right she also got me an anchorman
a cup thermos thing because she knows
that's my shit she got me Pursuit of
Happyness cuz I'm a fan of Will Smith I
also don't have this movie but I love
this movie thank you okay so she got me
these dope keychain I mean these these
dog tags alright one of which says Love
Peace key and cheese the other one has
one of my favorite quotes on it by Henry
Ford and it says whether you think you
can or you think you can't you're right
and that's one of my favorite quotes and
that's crazy that you know that she
really follows me on Twitter um she also
got this for Chia cuz chia likes
drinking beer she brought me socks cuz I
said I wanted socks she brought me
cereal cuz she knows that they don't
have this and and she is part of Canada
so she brought this for Chia I don't
know if y'all remember that vlog where I
made Chia a snack I like to make where I
put banana and and and cheese singles on
Doritos but she brought me that shit and
and here's here's the kicker okay this
is the sweetest shit I think I've ever
at any fan give me for sure
she gave me an envelope okay
full of be rich tree well not full of
but within every tree and bill let me
see um oh okay she
Rahmi an envelope within a rich tree and
bill a Salvadorian coin okay a coin from
El Salvador this five cents from
Salvador let me zoom up on that and and
a tied coil as well and it's like it's a
little envelope she says it's for our
kids and it's supposed to represent
every aspect of our combined cultures is
that the sweetest shit thank you so much
like I'm literally I'm like I'm touched
by how much thought you put into this
gift and I'm so appreciative and I'm
just really grateful like thank you it's
so sweet and and that's it's really dope
she won't you owe me this really kind of
like heartfelt letter just really
appreciating everything I do and and
saying you know I got to do some tough
times with my videos and and thank you
you know like stuff like this is really
what makes it worth it for me haters
might affect me or I run out of things
to do creatively or I'm struggling like
stuff like that you know the fact that I
know I can cheer somebody up would make
somebody's day better really is what
makes it worth it for me so thank you so
much and love you thank you the Royal
penis is clean your highness thank you
King shit
