so we finally in Vegas and I've been
trying to go to this place called hot
and juicy for the longest now and we
finally here we going in
boy stirs and scrimps and crawfish
lovely Erika David is here all right
awesome you know Rick are in Vegas and
check out these rooms we got here so
this is where Rick is sleeping right and
you go this way we got the hot tub with
the Jets got a little bathroom here hold
on got the bathroom here nice sexy
shower sexy Tim go this way and then I
know the TV's old but don't pay
attention to that because we got a whole
living room here got a Rick right there
got a kitchen right here but wait - this
Rick's room because you go this way and
oh my god I got my own situation right
here I've got my own situation right
here it's my bed as well sleeping as you
can see it's all dirty because I'll be
sleeping really hard and then you got
the hot tub with the Jets
we got another sexy Tim right here and
then we got a kitchen right
began to beginning to tell them what we
do see three or onset for this music
video to me a Rick are starring in
alright so here we are about the Super's
music video that's why me and Rick are
out here in Vegas what's up man what's
going on tell the people you don't
that's your boo this is Tim word that's
two that's me I mean I'm a little cuter
than that but you know it's okay hey hey
Jessica yes my co-star in the scene
she's killing me and trying to kiss all
myself
what's going on yeah well you let them
know take a prize hello who are you
alright BK angel y'all might have seen
her on the youtubes and what's up
minutes and is this man sorry we're
doing a music video for let me know who
you are bro lela lela work work yes so
you know that's what we doing and Rick
is in here taking an asset I'm here
brother she's only in fourth grade
playing this game Oh spot on it's the
night of the of the Mayweather Canelo
fight our good friend jr. Kino take the
sub here do you swerve it and sit pick
this up to go watch a fight and define
it some somebody we don't even know
whose house was his home Iran okay it's
his birthday happy birthday Ron we're
going to watch it at Ron's place and
yeah man touchdown yo so we at Junior's
house about to get ready for this club
and he has a dog a little hyper ass dog
hi hi hi okay oh yeah and look what he
did the goodies this is in their
bathroom no paper towels everywhere
crazy about the poo
so leave in Vegas Jr's dropping us off
appreciate the hospitality dawg Denise
thank you why I'm gonna this is all for
the camera though I really don't like
them at all so back in Vegas and you
know I gotta get dinner with my family
we got mama dukes in the building Edna
in the building edward james olmos daddy
DeLaGhetto
let me show you how nasty Thai people
are look look what they did look for my
mom and dad did so you guys are so
Cochino so I got into my car and I
thought I had a ticket but it says it
says my ticket is for you rocked him
haha shout-out Chris is it JK but for
reals though this is not a ticket thanks
man what's the bottom number
ma-maybe style nice okay so I'm here at
the vape supreme warehouse so I was
gonna say factory headquarters over here
in Long Beach and they hooked me up with
a woman with another date because I
don't know what happened man I lost my
other I think my parents found it and
thought it was drug
do it away oh my god
just cuz the attention is not on her
right now I she's over here doing some
deal or whatever I don't care
but I got a new Danny real hat but you
don't care no I don't care I said it's
to behead no I'm just playing Danny real
good one milk what I don't need to get a
thumb be talking about for so and yeah
big up to the baby's brain hooking me up
again and yeah bro
they babe baby babe yeah guess where we
going one kiss cuz my heart keeps beat
so I'm on my way to the airport going to
Florida got these meet and greets this
weekend
I'm coming and guess what I get so weak
in the knees I can hardly speak I lose
all control and something takes over me
right yeah six o'clock in the morning
China Oh
leaving and going over right now the
Royal penis is clean your highness Thank
You King shit
