I separate my
all right so why this place go to
speaking roles and it's all everything's
like garlic and garlic infused and this
is a bloody chili Mary how is the
Chili's it's good surf and turf mother
fucking crab a motherfucking the Perai
MRIB a motherfucking a Chia since cheer
leaves tomorrow Monday Sunday Funday is
now Sunday Sunday Funday
we're heading to Long Beach to get some
sushi
you like that sushi baby like that Gucci
for now Ron Susie I like that raw hard
you thought you know that pound it pound
it pound it she don't know what I'm
saying
and myself hi sushi place this chick is
a fan what's your name new awesome sushi
okay we're good alright y'all some up
here at maker studios Rodeo arcade
division and we just dropped mad new
goody shirts if you ain't know me or
Rick have a clothing brand called goody
okay and here's the good eg you know I'm
saying
giant G right there though so though
runs this shit okay so we got this G and
then we got those oh hold that shit hold
this is fresh and then we got the camo G
alright and then we got home so hold
this shit hold this shit then we got
boom palm trees goody
Westside my other hats sold out but we
got these motherfuckers right here Love
Peace key and cheese just your basic tan
and we got one of those in black too all
right
so Rho D arcade calm Christmas times
coming up Thanksgiving is coming up
Halloween's coming up if you want to
dress like me for Halloween cosplays I'm
with you dad I get oh you know I'm
saying
hashtag rodeo arcade hashtag though is
sexy so guys I was texting the homies
because I knew they were in town and
they just happened to be right across
the way at the at the other maker studio
while I was picking up the t's goody te
roti okay calm and look who's here
okay kanji are you know we're doing
music lab today yeah we'll have to Mon
yeah you and me have you done a song
together it's sad you and I have done
you've done a couple o Sole that from
you that's right yeah do that and made a
lemur version with y TF appropriate look
out for our future collabo I guess mine
and Tim's and then mine chairs which is
gonna have to come our yeah I'm gonna
bust in there and write a rap to it
I got shit to do safety first kids come
over here at Rick's house suit and ask
it for him or with him
sup dog - bro so we we stepped it up
with these next couple skids we're doing
the next couple of days we decided to
really kind of take our humor to the
next level write some fart skits yeah
all about farts oh uh here's Rick's
homegirl hello oh and we can't forget
sheena the sound girl is back on the
scene I gotta get her enough we're doing
another torque video when in a sequel to
twerk sanity you know we gotta get
Sheena in it if you don't recognize her
she's China from the tork sanity video
the the pussy popping on the handstand
attempt hey no you did good guys I'm
doing stuff for awhile announced tonight
if you watch tonight's episode watch I'm
gonna do stuff soon me and rigor watch
oh don't show Rick
yeah of me all right so I'm shooting a
skit really quality shit it's about
farts and I have some lovely ladies
assisting me we have Jessica
Mallika or Lusaka or whatever man
whatever however you call me whatever
you got over here since we can't shoot
right now we got Leigh Anne V singer and
vine extraordinaire girl and so we're
just about to shoot this thing don't we
forgetting about money flow can you turn
me out so much thing is all about as a
song and we're about to shoot this scene
and literally right when we started this
motherfucker right here hanging on a
tree starts starts cutting shit down I
mean I'm not mad cuz like this shit was
kind of getting all over my balcony here
let's see if you noticing something to
get out there
so I'm Chuck I'm assuming this skit he's
like literally right here right up that
much hey yeah you doing yo this man is
beasting on pop porch all night what is
this stuff okay
yo dis mails going crazy on my balcony
right now past year this tree has been
blocking all the sunlight into my condo
and thank you thanks to this kind man
I'm gonna have some light in here now
time how you guys doing how's it going
guys racist so what we doing are we soon
look we soon the beer commercial they
kill to work on the beer torque owner
here so I'm grabbing some lunch with my
YouTube homegirl mia here hello and so
she's curious so she's curious what you
should do on her channel what do you do
inspiration we're literally here
brainstorming and I'm completely not
inspired so what should I do on my
channel anything you filthy McNasty
don't say something during in French
though oh the only French I know is a
bully wait voulez-vous to say make fest
which means would you like to touch my
butt all right now so when I said
basketball classic is your vehicle sir
oh nothing I said something really dirty
after all the glitz and glamour
and make Cannon and put money and the
cars and the hoes you can have a big sir
that you reserve time for the homies
that we're with you when you were broke
and struggling and nobody right over
there
y'all know ring yah no ring rings with
me all the time but I always got to try
and make time for my boy PD flow he's
been out of the blogs for a while what's
up dawg
good thing you're not recording it it's
like I was saying dude like I had my
dick like pretty in the ear like it
wasn't even hot got it in there dude and
like turns out it was a dude I am
recording
me and Rick shucks back there and not
beardy shucks where it hit we're heading
to Vegas for the weekend to do some
little cameos and some music in a music
video do some work you know got to make
that money right there
yes damn right that's right make it rain
make it rain right on me man yeah rain
on my dad yes the Royal penis is clean
your highness Thank You King shit
