alright y'all so for this month's Fiesta
mission my mission is to find the
hottest chicken wings in my town and try
and eat as much as I can right so I'm
going to Andhra hot wings gonna order
their atomic wings but you have to sign
a waiver before you can eat so you can't
like sue them for you know a heart
attack or death or whatever all right
let's go just let me see that Rick we
got the Ottoman peppers in there and I'm
gonna try my hand at these okay i'ma win
kind of sore
I enjoy wings I'm very particular about
the wings I put in my mouth so here we
go and let me tell you right now I got a
little bit on my finger earlier when I
was carrying the box I did this and I
coughed a little bit all right so here
we go I'm just going I'm gonna get a
nice juicy piece like this right here
I'm not gonna ranch it yet all right
well definitely hit and move out off the
back mouthing burn neck hurts
okay we're gonna drive through this one
okay oh my god my stomach gurgling right
now they're gonna hook with it am I
getting red hmm okay I'm definitely uh
starting to perspire eyes watering I'm
trying to fight back the hiccups that's
what it is but
no this is a ratchet Oh God let's get
fried oh it's killing me bro
it's killing me I'm crying who are you
chauffeur's over yeah how's that yeah
this is all kinda bad for you hey what's
all that too bad for you he'll carry all
around
ah
Wow are we done with us uh oh yeah you
gotta flush it for a long time
yeah we'll flush I'm flush all right
John so I'm about done with those uh out
four feet of the movement baby
I know bitch the royal pain is the clean
your highness
Thank You King shit bar coming out do
some milk in your eyes yeah take things
their way at all all I have to talk to
them
