Manchester's trauma now how does one
acquainted and feel any feels when he's
not sure what he's feeling but he knows
that it's real so we are in Las Vegas to
celebrate officially celebrate our two
year anniversary it's a different Vegas
experience you know it's not like it's
not gonna be clubs and and getting drunk
for strip club it's gonna be you know
shows and romantic or dinners and and
and then going to strip clubs look at
our view
that's great
nice nice you like you like this shit
now you like this shit his room was
crazy bro got a little hot tub looking
over the water there um let's see what
we got we good showered oh you better
not be watching me shower nasty we are
not married yet you got that you got
that this is nice hey oh yeah I got a
random white girl having an orgasm over
here that's right look up baby come on
wait wait I'm gonna yeah
so so I'm trying to have an intimate
anniversary celebration which you trying
to kill the shit and in this
motherfucker shows up hook their boobs
for a bitch what is lovely girlfriend
he's high I love that G he's trying to
make us turn up on our anniversary Epps
babe
god damn it god damn Oh hospitality
thank you very much and he came up
singing say ah
Tomo we bout to get hella torn up we
parking lot drinking like we in high
school right now fuck a lot pimp in
parking lot Panther what are you doing
dog
she shot one just one maybe if I would
have said that we never would have
started dating because she's uh glad you
don't talk I'm offended see mean the
knees like that darts
oh hello
I feel like I've met you before
yeah I know just have a party hit a
party you're gonna port in your head
right yeah I don't know we party
together yeah I remember I remember that
okay okay motherfucker got you in the
blog doing the blog to keep changing ki
ng change yeah are you guys fucking
spectacular I won't see anything we go I
love Tia you're amazing I watch it all
the time
thank you boo looking for effective use
my tanks are strong amazing
that's your amazing dogs insane I'm
saying thank you thank you yo he's drunk
he's drunk
they all drunk girls talking that shit
cheer is so drunk
Hey
eight control yourself
she's so drunk babe she was like it's
working on all these rents she was
twerking on stage and home she like
don't give me a v-neck don't give me a
v-neck Vegas Vegas strip got this
Bellagio show at the fountain - it would
tie up babe happy Anniversary kitchen so
it's like a hundred degrees out here in
Vegas it's so hot Buchi loves the heat
so she's so happy right now
am I good not but she is like a hundred
and fifty degrees she's so hot you know
because you look so attractive is what
I'm saying
so eating some wings and me I like to
eat the cartilage off of the edge of the
bones and she a doesn't so but this is
love you know I'm saying I take an old
chia bone and like and I talk on that
shit I'm Kyle
I don't care of God hello go now right
babe
it's a beautiful hot day in Vegas me and
Shearer just walking the strip sipping a
little something and oh she's spitting
on me and oh wow okay and I'm just gonna
say you know it's a lot of dudes on the
street like passing out like club
promotions that shit like that or
mixtapes and the difference between the
black dudes on the Vegas strip and the
black dudes in New York is like well the
dudes in New York will holler at a girl
like when she's like obviously with you
you know I'm saying the cats out here
although they've been very vocal about
Chea being attractive it's never been
disrespected like it was her one dude
was like damn will you find her at and I
was like Hannah Dubrow
and another dude was like man you did a
good job you did a good job I'm like
thank you but it's never no
disrespectful shit you know which is
cool I appreciate that playing Vegas
black dudes so thank you very much damn
girl let me get your number though damn
girl will you man
hey what you doing tonight though hey
this year right here is the farm burger
the egg in there duck bacon positive and
we got an avocado jalapeno roasted
tomato alright y'all so we were walking
on the strip we walked past the Tom Ford
store and I was like man I want to be
like jay-z I don't pop no Marley's so I
buy these glasses Tom Ford
dundun dundun dad you don't be my
Beyonce but now I'm faith beyond faith
beam on faith and yeah guys I'm jay-z
now we are about to go watch the
Jabbawockeez show Jabbawockeez as you
can see shout out to the homie Chris
from the walkies for hooking us up with
these tickets three ticks you excited
baby you ready to get your mask dance on
mm-hmm
Jabberwocky oh my god whoa just watch
the soap she was crazy she was crazy
thanks for the tickets brothel area go
check out the show they in spite of skin
is coming soon good morning car order
some room service please no just the
breakfast burritos would be fine key I
did an exit like I was from England when
I'm not so it's time to leave Vegas it
was fun
you have a good time baby we uh we
didn't turn up well we turned up a
little bit ya know we kind of just
I wouldn't even say we turned up at all
we just kind of stayed static yeah and
happy Anniversary my love and embrace me
the Royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
