so me and she had left Toronto I chilled
with her for like a day and then she
dropped me off at the airport at like
5:00 a.m. this morning and now I'm in
Winnipeg because I got a couple events
I'm doing this weekend with Danielle and
I just got off the plane and they bout
to pick me up and take me to a radio
interview put me right to work brah do
you think it's just radio because I'm
looking crusty I got bags under my eyes
my pimples is looking extra pimply I
gotta take a shit but hey all in a day's
work you know I'm saying the grind don't
stop what we hear bang bang I'm great
how are you good okay so I just wrapped
up my second interview of the day hello
sir how you doing
this guy's fascinating I think he's the
best my name is ace Burpee and we're in
Winnipeg this is Virgin Radio and he's
going to a beach club Festival where he
is entering a contest called battle of
the ball battle the vols where I believe
is who has the biggest I'm not gonna win
that guy all right knocked out both
interviews finally in my hotel room
Winnipeg was good it's a beautiful day
but sorry cuz I need to shut these here
windows and take a nap hmm guys I'm on
the radio out here advice for all the
kids out there if you guys want to make
it here's what Teddy bear-like general
has to say what piece of advice do you
have for that mother didn't want to be a
YouTube star whether they want to do
stand-up whether they want to go at
hosts beach parties what's the advice
you can give to the yeah they're
especially nowadays everybody is trying
to get on everybody is trying to be
famous for something you know and I feel
like you just really have to know how to
market yourself
know how to brand yourself and in a way
that sticks out from everyone else
bullshit so I just got picking up in
there for this more like this cutie tell
me who you are bro my name is Peter tak
is from sound Republic and local
advancers and I showed up super late to
the airport and I apologize it's okay
bro I was only shivering in the cold
weather for like 15 minutes okay so now
Danny and I are going to host this event
the beach club tonight the all-ages
event so it's gonna be a bunch of little
you know 13 year olds QT is riding each
other inappropriately they might I don't
know man you tell me absolutely I don't
know man either way I'm not I'm not
touching anybody not that I would legal
legal or not so we finally got to this
event and we decided to start the day
off with some drinks I don't even know
what is this sir that you made us orange
what Montreal of drunk what's here is
then watermelon all ages and public
sound the public or bringing us down
Stephen one huh cheers to you bro cheers
to you guys
a good time it's a good weekend
Cheers
fucking out did you spill
under each other so I'm over here at
market burger in Winnipeg Manitoba and
it's a place where they you know all the
ingredients are from Manitoba and stuff
and I'm here with Peter here and they
surprised me a burpee from Virgin Radio
they brought me here and they're gonna
let me design like my own burger and
they're gonna name it the Tim burger and
it's gonna be on the menu special menu
every once a while how's it gonna work
it's gonna be on the menu or like
hopefully once a month they'll be
available that once someone get over her
city sympathy DeLaGhetto burgers flavor
forever and so they brought out all
these like different sauces for me to
try out
you got a chef here no first burger
named after me sign this crazy by chop
so this is the the Timothy DeLaGhetto
burger here it's a beef patty on a white
bun with an egg fried egg
what kind of this horse radish cheddar I
got like corn bacon corn and bacon
relish sauteed mushrooms and what the
red pepper Mayo and we got some some
some chips there all right side it does
look killer
here we go what's your approach my
approach is to uh fight it there we go
the squeeze I'm a squeeze and bite
that's my approach three yeah that's
bomb so we're heading to day two of this
beach fest this time it's the grown
folks Danny how you feeling you ready
you ready got your hair dude I wish I
knew how to do that how you feeling bro
great party magic that your class ready
to go I'm 18 and 6 months I'm ready to
go
he's 18 to 6 months ladies yo check this
out these guys and just guess where my
old school yeah
she's only 19 bro so I rap man I'm at
the event you're in the blog thank you
there's one they're drunk
goodnight baby
I wanna get freaky with you
I'm grabbing dinner with these lovely
individuals here alone then you get up
and got some fans that showed up at the
restaurant
what's your name
Anita Anita Scott thank you for coming
watching videos and all right now we're
gonna hug and take pictures
alright that is the end of my Winnipeg
stay thanks for having me
Stephen claw thanks for bringing me out
Peter thanks for showing us around
Daniel thanks for you know
thanks for being cool and and nice and
taking me the airport and all right man
Winnipeg has been fun but I've been away
from home for way too long time to go
home eat some Thai food kiss my mom
rub my dad's belly the Royal penis is
clean your highness
Thank You King shit
