so guys I just got back from eating
dinner with she is a Salvadoran side and
it's mad cousins mad auntie's mad uncles
but one other little character that was
there was this little chihuahua was
Wolfman
Peters little chihuahua named Peter okay
so as soon as we walk in little Peter or
Pedro is hopping around barking like
crazy at Chi like it doesn't like Chia
right so and then why does the dog like
you bet thanks Mel me when I walked in
mm-hmm
you have to let the dog familiarize
itself with you like introduce yourself
yeah I'm doing this some of this so then
she's walking by she's already freaked
out cuz there's wasps everywhere
whenever there's wasp fly now she starts
going crazy flailing around and shit I
tell her calm down
she don't listen to me anyways so I'm
watching and the fucking dog it's jumps
up and bites her leg bites her bites her
thigh right there and then runs off I
did a little like like a run by biting
and then oh yeah good light look at that
look at that I mean it didn't take like
a chunk out of her but it definitely you
know got you a little bloody there does
it some girl I'm a nurse I'm a draw her
a little bubble bath I'm a sponge bath
her too she stinks right now her and
Michael Jackson he you and Selena yay
all my two loves which one do tonight
sugar mommy drink wine Oh someone's
trying to turn up or read the Bible yeah
yeah thou shalt not get bitten by
chihuahuas
little crazed and them little crazy was
like hey we might go out tonight if you
wanna go out what y'all doing I'm like
and I'm like man we're tired
it is eating with her family she got
bitten by a dog it's not a good
situation man it's not a good situation
babe
her hair is messed up her feet stink
when she is earrings while we're
chilling getting ready hey tell me she's
cut not fly though that's a little
that's kind of ball shiny leggings all
that shiny legging it yeah so I'm
walking around Serrano I'll try and get
something to eat which here and I get
harassed by these dudes thanks bro so
it's our last night at Swan so we just
been chillin bumming eating shopping on
that shit as you can see we got poppin
tags all over the place new clothes
every word we bout to go grab some wings
and some beer or as Canadians call it
beer a right now someone she has cousins
and a couple of her homegirls whoever's
come in sup bad bag you been following
me the fun head and look guys she
finally bought some uh some all-over
print leggings and she used to like not
like him because she said like they make
her Bodie look too wide or big or
whatever but I'm telling I'll be telling
like yo it depends it depends what the
pattern looks like stripes but these are
okay you like these that yeah kick them
little Canadian toes all that flower
booted up so it's the last night in
Toronto I was just about to go to sleep
and then the fire alarm of the hotel
starts going off so I put a hat on to
cover my pimples so I could vlog for you
guys right now have your attention
please
finally
now you can poo in peace babe now I can
go to sleep
okay well Toronto thank you no no it's
Hirano it's been fun time to leave and
yawn and head back to she is town and
then sleep on things sweet all day to
get lucky
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
