so what's up y'all shooting another skit
at my spot here I wrote a little skit
for an eagle emo and myself it's a rap
battle
I got Rick there in the background and
look guys Nikki Evo's wearing the all
that ass girl booty shorts well yeah all
that way let me focus cuz like the light
the light light on it as girl booty
shorts you can get these at rodeo arcade
calm rody arcade calm got you I got you
free shorts
I saw you in bed shooting this skit I
got Arturo right here shooting it's like
really sexy in here it's so sexy and hot
and sweaty right now a special guest
grind time king of the dot less una
Boyer I just came here to watch this guy
have sex I have no idea what I'm doing
baby
xxxxX I'm here to see you sex to where
when is this happening
I want to worry Nikki I'm a pop dis
Molly in your water yo my name is Nikki
Li mo
I'm half white and half Filipino people
be like who that they be like we know
that's Nikki Li mo she reppin a lay out
to Encino super hit it out of the park
I'm just like great Bambino we lit up
this room with a bunch of key knows that
and some C stands it's a lighting turn
oh and now you got learned she just
learned me right that's about lighting
is that these lights are knock he knows
these lights are where they call
barnyard life George arrogant arrogant
yo Tim's arrogant you don't know nothing
about the things we don't need to oh
yeah you need to know the view like we
do
Nikki limo subscribe follow my Instagram
yeah I'll put the links please yeah I'll
put the links please watch I mean you
know you know what don't you know what
don't oh wait this is video okay so we
ramped up another another episode of
myself all in right here special guest
hello Debbie
hey hit her up hey hey and she was
talking about she was twerking all over
the set on the oh no table though it's
crazy it's a party don't forget to watch
don't forget to buy her mixtape don't
forget to do that dude someone or you
know Mickey okay if you need it if you
made a coaster back at the airport
flying to Toronto for youth wigs
performing with little crazy Jenny soup
pops up in the airport yeah yeah hi Gia
I have a layover in Denver al on
Instagram chillin I was like yeah I'm at
the Denver Airport and this girl was
like oh I'd love to meet you and I was
like oh well shit I'm at terminal 8:39
and then she showed up silly hose
terminals is all I ever know no hey guys
look what it is
a deeply super Sun will of y'all's Jenny
sook we just got through immigration
waiting on her stupid bags who are poor
long in my sea Chia time right now cuz
you're back you gonna meet her
oh yeah that's right know your breath
guys Jenny's breath smells so bad right
now it smells like it smells like kimchi
like a week meat week old kimchi and
rotten the bulgogi and cuz she's Korean
guess she's great
good morning the Toronto Canadian your
boy finally the Tim has come back to
Toronto oh look who met me in to run so
hey babycakes hi baby girl
you know my situation sometimes I know
I'll get impatient at some fabulous for
you alright thank you truly something
special was wrong you do not kiss lick I
mean don't get me wrong she's bombed
when she wakes up but she's trying to
have y'all think that she just woke up
hey she's showered she brushed her teeth
but she doesn't have pants on guys oh
wait okay all right I'm gonna go to the
soundcheck now time to get this road on
the show yes it's all we are here in
Toronto at the CND festival look at we
got beautiful downtown Toronto in the
background got beautiful little crazy to
my left here yeah man and uh I am single
oh-ho no crazy spot sexy ass little
crazies finally single ladies finally
single so he's witted group life let's
go let's go let us know little panties
on stage tonight you write your numbers
on the panties
and because we send in all bad chicks
too little crazy and and I I can't I
don't do that goobie life no more so I'm
sending them all too crazy tonight you
don't say it's remodel got bad ones bro
no problem them so we're backstage and
Lopez is playing this song under years
ago which only that means Jovi hate it's
called my white fees and he's bumping
this shit right now
so they would let us leave the theater
to get some drinks and usually like to
drink a little bit before perform just
cuz you know a little ritual and so we
snuck out of the theater through the
back way and went to the bar and now
we're drinking juice she's she's in the
bartender from Canada hooking us up with
stops right now reviewing cuz you the
best Canadians man are just nice and he
hooked us up with the Wi-Fi password Oh
BIA what's up say what's up okay she
sings subscribe to her on YouTube yo be
a go spell it out y'all be a go wow wow
wow wow she she barely drank anything
she's already drunk yeah look at you
what subscribe subscribe to her
a ginger I don't do I don't do check
because I'm a man justice change issues
to Toronto so we out here in Canadian
Toronto
make some noise
we leave ingredients up guys how're you
guys doing
they brought me a Michael Jackson doll
that's some dope shit right there thank
you thank you you are in the blog happy
birthday jerec to jerec and Jacob what's
up bro I saw you in the audience rapping
my lyrics how old man 14 Jacob I have
this shirt
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you Kings shit
