turn down for what my dad called me said
it was okay so I'm here on set I'm doing
this new show with maker music where I
bite the homies over we sit at a poker
table playing uno and we just we talk
and both said about to butt about to a
bunch of different topics got a got
dumbfounded in the building
hey hey didn't see you there and you
Garcia of course twist to fit them all
that I'm in week at Ricky sucked as
always painting the cookie shaking his
head as always cookies and shaking his
head and yeah man this will be all maker
music should be funny all in cool and
nice Mike Columbus Georgia
shut up my boy Darren Hughes with his
Christmas lost oh really oh damn with
the pretty eyes yeah pretty attitude
anyways I mean you are to me alright
all the way from Georgia
hey it's okay hey dark-skinned laughs
hey we got love for our skins too man
you know what light-skinned people
getting to spoil these compliments bro
you got to make dark the new second of
sexy again sorry it already is yeah
you're right about about what the
darkies may be doing so weird mister who
let him know what this do sucking no so
yeah sorry who is also on Instagram yes
he was like bless you Seconal self and
my account is deleted come on
how are you doing who are you hi yes
thank you for coming
thank you for showing love all right
this is my mom's friends over there
mom's friend over there and then and and
and then yeah and this hottie right here
is a fan of the videos she's at 23 so
they came from San Diego so we all just
you know decided to sit down and grab a
little bit hi hey man just having a good
time hello grandma how are you
so we're at this free VidCon party right
it's a bunch of youtubers and like
people watch YouTube out there but
that's not important that's just boring
what you care about is these dope
sliders and at this booth the birds food
truck
and what did you order Rick
take a guess no he ordered the project
is it good oh really yeah and you
ordered the bread second one yeah that's
because you love the black fried chicken
fried chicken no it's like 2:30 I just
left my house but hey how are you hi
thanks for coming how's the food thanks
for coming shout out your cousin Susan
and lie ok those lies is an lie is the
last name or Susan and blah
Oh Susan and live shout-out to you guys
oh I'm here at VidCon it's like a lot of
like mad people everywhere I'm at this
little signing booth no one really cares
about my little signing area but but
there are some and now we're just gonna
sit here and take awkward pictures of
people VidCon so apparently VidCon
didn't put my name on the agenda so a
lot of people don't even know I'm here
but handful of people do know I'm here
including these guys Thanks let's do say
he's been watching me since kings of
myspace blog TV anyways so being kind of
chilling in the hotel room and I just
kind of felt like order and a little
smorgasbord of apps smorgasbord of apps
got me a little shrimp cocktail some
French onion soup some chicken skewers
Lola tomato caprese salad who's Bobby
Bob Rick how's that clam chowder though
the second-best player I've ever had him
really ii like
was going yes sorry I don't realize the
whole how was that Hennessy nigga she
doesn't drink that's iced tea but me
this is for me to drown the sorrows I
have no one's showing up tonight mean
green so VidCon is crazy no one was at
mileage hit me green but now I'm trying
to walk around and shit and kids coming
out the woodwork who's here right a
snitch but I'm with he light-skinned to
my skin and and him and and him yellow
so it's the second day of VidCon I'm
doing this comedy panel with my boy
Ricky chunks and the lovely glows glows
Dale say hi she does that every ten
minutes and we're here with a pair the
lovely panel of people saying I just got
you all 100 new subscribers okay so I'm
here at VidCon getting interviewed
they're so excited so obviously you guys
you guys like my blogs and I if you
watched my blogs you probably watch
other blogs so hey what's up someone's
was I was at their wedding I went when
they got married I was there so he has a
new toy uncle oh yeah are you uncle to
anybody on YouTube I don't think so yeah
I was there for the wedding I was
actually in the closet when she was
conceived I was secretly recording for
bitchy he didn't tell anybody unreleased
vlog
I'm onstage at VidCon make some noise
Thank You begun so it performs and now
we're heading to the maker party we're
trying to get in apparently it's like
super pacts but I'm with all the boys
hoes everywhere it's a big to to solve
the case
some of the cakes what attack me one ad
though I'm about to get my dick wet -
Tom's good night and you can iraq love
you guys the royal penises clean your
highness thank you
King shit
