korean BBQ my lovely friends here
about me coming
yeah it
p
it's after the love I would have come
after the club a and I Asia I'm hiring a
botany a street dog thank you so much
how's your drive Oh I know i'm driving
her home this is like a necessity in LA
after you love you gotta get one woman
to uh is that yeah high five bro I will
you know every dogs all day you know
saying like I'm on I'm like I'm trying a
sexy shit I'm on a diet but it's okay
sweet dog so after a late night of
partying I woke up bright and early
today to shoot with my good friends here
it's wrong I know we happy alright so we
put our beef aside and they finally oh
and they got me a rose so all is good
now shooting this little plainly wrote
here how you guys doing hey bro don't
talk I love him I flip camera and a
lovely co-star here hey if they don't
know let them know let them know I'm
Shante pink AKA girlfriend hey oh yeah
my girlfriend in this scene and um yeah
and a one who has doing all types of
crazy stuff back to work alright so I
rapped on my shoot with Wong foo change
real quick and went to go pick up my
chanclas hey hey hey so I'll just look
at the we got tight those shorts are all
back there are some tight shorts jeans
are they yeah okay I thought it was a
girl and looking away yeah so we're
going to uh talk at the we're gonna talk
to some kids at this after-school
program it's called knock study
dumbfounded and
and djs oh they put this thing together
it's like an after-school program where
kids can like learn to make beads and
learn how to mix music and a bunch of
stuff you know just something do after
school for the kids so we're gonna go
talk to them about stuff right now by
saying no to drugs no to drugs oh no to
unprotected say no to sex in general and
six I said no to drugs and sex and no to
gluten free free and uh and I actual
foods and uh you know yes to all natural
yes all natural foods and uh fuck
bitches get money and yo so me and ang
you are here at the knox study program
answering questions say what's up guys
yeah you know just just doing our part
to its by 626 yeah to like inspire the
youth ana give life lessons and tell
them you know stay in school yep
I just let the switch we tryna bitch but
I'm just trying to be rich 1 2 3 then
you gon feed for me because I've never
wanna b day for me and I'm like oh Lord
addition y'all go bang out to my feet
yeah yeah they wanted me to take it it's
kind of hard to do especially cuz i'm
hungry i want some BBQ but it ok I'm
kill spit this breeze for the vlog I'm
about to flip it on them like we playing
pause a big kid you know are coming with
the slammer about to make mad hits like
a hammer you probably saw that coming
it's okay i'm still going yeah i'm still
going that you know i'm still flowing
but uh I go off the top and it's okay
cuz i still keep it going like every
single way from LA to the bay and the
destiny everybody knows big Tim got big
testing i know that god bless me right
quick I don't care what I do or say man
I'm happy days only when I'm buzz is
such a nice day to talk to the kids I'm
still wrapping kind of ish I notice that
so it's monday funday and we're
barbecuing it's cold outside my mom gave
you one of her sweaters to wear got
Andrew here with us yo yo yo yo god yeah
i'm turning up with my son yeah we're
just doing some mom barbecue in the
backyard here and the turn up it's so
real real its Oriole Nick Nick song
makes Armstrong yes yeah sittin here and
bring you why tomorrow night I don't
know why yeah yeah haha I would hear his
song but uh I'm by a song
Edna mode edward james olmos
