I hope you guys are satisfied coz I'm
finally taking down my Christmas tree
okay I didn't want to do it but you kept
leaving stupid comments getting really
annoying and my hair is long I need a
haircut and I'm breaking out so remember
last vlog means cheer we're kind of like
a little sad because we're like oh we're
not gonna see each other for like a
whole month
well we're count on the phone not kind
of we were on the phone like well no we
weren't on the phone we were texting and
well we weren't texting we're using this
app called couple anyways we're chatting
about man a month is too long and I'm
gonna miss you in this and it's an app
so I have a few days free so I'm gonna
fly to see her right now but the thing
is I'm taking myself because my parents
aren't gonna be here to pick me up on
Saturday and on Saturday I have to go
straight from the airport to shoot the
live internet icon finale so right now
I'm like I was like smashing on the
highway I was going kind of fast and huh
and I'm praying that I make this flight
right now pray for me guys long oh my
God look how long this line is I'm not
gonna make it this is a voiceover
my chest is trauma guess what guys I am
in Canada and I'm about to go work out
with this broad beautiful creature right
after watching the acoustic version of
airplanes and terminals it's on Andrews
channel it's like bum fat legit we're
gonna go work out I bought some workout
shoes out here in Canada
motherfucking Sport Chek and about to go
work this shit out right now keep up
with Jab Jab
picha is what do you do peaches what are
you peaches please stop that
we just got done watching the conjuring
with Chia and her whole family oh I've
been around so much family this weekend
that's why I didn't vlog too much it was
like cousins on cousins on aunties on
auntie's on uncles oh I don't know how
you do it like I'm just a little only
child you know I'm saying even me
basically my whole life and I'm here
with her fam I swear it was like it was
cousins today that meant cousins that
didn't know what it was cousins today Oh
like like when when when Mellie met one
of your cousins it was like oh you're
like man this is exhausting but you
gotta get used to it huh family hmm you
scared you got scared of the movie the
conjuring mm-hmm don't you babe I'll
protect you I'll exercise all demons my
youth pastor just told me whenever you
feel yeah I'm telling telling them right
now when you feel like you're
uncomfortable there's something weirds
in the rooms
I rebuke you in the name of the Lord
Jesus Christ and even if you don't
believe in God I'll make you feel better
I swear in there right peaches
each time the wind blows I hear your
voice so I call your name whispers in my
heart you are here huh ever glad you
came you know how I feel
distinct can't go on say I love you I
just can't stop loving you I just can't
stop loving you peaches and if I stopped
didn't tell me you know what we're not
do cuz uh oh that's how you feel pieces
cuz Oh peaches good I just guessed that
no thank you
oh okay put your booty in my face that's
cool it's forming in the morning and I'm
Sonnen matzah hop on this plane to
California and they're gonna hop on his
plane now back to LA because duty calls
I'm gonna head back and be a part of
this internet icon finale had a nice
little two-and-a-half family cousin Chea
bonanza
and yo you know what's cool about
hanging out when she was fam it's like
you have her a richer inside which is
all brown and African and shit you have
her Salvadorian side which is like you
know speaking Spanish and like and and
it's like and everyone's just all mixed
up together it's a couple white people
throwing in there randomly and then
there's me and it's like I've never been
around such a diverse atmosphere it's
kind of cool it's kind of cool
yeah it's like hey if you uh it's kind
of cool like you don't have to worry
about people tripping on you being in an
interracial relationship you know if
it's like or a biracial relationship
because like it's so many racial Zinn
there it's all it's kind of nice and
yeah
gotta grab some Timmy Hortons and poo
and fly back to the good old US of A
baby
that was a lot of flying I'm finally
back in LA at the airport now it's time
to find my car uh my memory serves me
why she should be right over here yeah
there's my baby there's my lead
hey baby who you so dirty little dirty
white girl yeah you like it dirty don't
you yeah you like that mm okay so wait
wait I'm gonna surprise the people home
oh whatever
so uh I guess so uh I got I got off the
plane I got in my car and now I'm here
behind I'm here what's that well they
another challenge hey what's up guys so
we're gonna do this live finale for
internet icon um you ready bro you
excited I'm so nervous man why TF tour
log TV oh yeah okay oh you guys don't
know this but a large TV days way back
when this is way back in the day like so
so somebody like asked me they're like
hey do you think needs videos are fun
they're like do you think these videos
are funny and I was like no not really
and then prank this is way back now I
love your videos now but not really
so somebody message team on blogtv where
they're like how come to Lydia I get oh
hey - you really hate me and then they
took that and they went back I don't
know what they said to you yeah back in
they're like oh rhymes missing something
yeah and there's and so then I was like
you know this is ridiculous I messaged
him I'm like dude I don't know what
they're saying but I have no beef with
you he's like oh yeah no that's whatever
you know they made this big thing out of
nothing like blogtv force to block TV
man to Internet bro see kids you
shouldn't believe everything you
on the internet or just that you here in
general right
yeah but subscribe anyways here guys
yeah yeah and if they don't know and if
they don't know why they're not why you
assuming that my subscribers are I mean
I they are their dicks yeah no they're
complete asshole but this watch is
really sweet she's funny she sings
subscribe YouTube Instagram scooter the
bird okay this is too timid
Timothy thank you finally home I'm back
in my own bed I'm exhausted
feels so good to be home man I mean
don't get me wrong I miss my Chia boo
but it's good to be back in my own bed I
got to get some rest
cuz I'm looking rough and it's gonna be
a really busy week I got mad shoots like
back-to-back shoes and and I got lines
to memorize because one of them's not my
script and I gotta make an appearance
and like just a bunch of shit man so how
I go to sleep I'm so I'm so sleepy I'm
not even gonna jack off probably no no
I'm just I'm why I'm still gonna do it
yeah the Royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
