so my dad's on a little vacay with my
cousins and aunties and stuff so he's
not here for Monday Sunday Funday but we
do have favorite ladies my mom hi mom
got my beautiful lady hair Hey yeah and
now we're just having a GN oh man girls
night out and and lassie over there and
my mom's drunk now about midnight I need
a little bit she's a little drunk you
drunk babe neat no turn up mom turn up
by Y but have fun now turn up that says
your life skiing thing on that tricycle
all that trike right now yeah good okay
mom's taking over there we go here we go
so we had this garlic cream fettuccine
from cbk and man she is stinking up my
robot it's locate oh I'm trying to
inhale them
give me them shit girl I love it I love
it I want you to fart on my pillow so I
can smell you when you're gone well it's
time to take cheer to the airport as
always back to Canadia and it's kind of
sad cuz I probably see her for like
another month but we don't try and work
some shit out fingers and shit out move
from shit around shit some shit out shit
on her face and trying sometime in
between that time because someone just
be crying my heart out every night of it
I do cry I cry every night no I don't do
you yeah no you don't
that's a lie that is a lie love so my
pops is out of town so my mom asked me
to come mow the lawn to see who you know
it's on TV that still come back to his
mama's house to mow the lawn
nobody moving the law motherfucker okay
so I invited a bunch of friends over to
watch Wilin out again tonight hello
what's up everybody hey everybody say hi
Hey look guys let me told me already all
right let's go after class go let's go
oh my god I'm so funny you guys I'm so
funny cuz it's small cuz there was a lot
of them there that night
bad chased racist Bobby oh so there's a
giant beetle on my shoulder right now
chillin oh he's just kind of calling on
me
you kept like flying towards my face and
now he's just kind of on me
big-ass beetle fucking beetle Borg II
know it's a giant beetle but yeah I'm
here with Daniel for this
skip we're about to shoot that I wrote
oh my god it's Almanac oh yeah I know oh
he wants that chain oh my god I can feel
it crawling up my face like tasting you
is he I can feel his little pricklies
prickling me yeah are you biting you no
not really
this this video doesn't even actually
give it just here I want you to what are
you doing okay if you get to my eye I'm
fucking okay okay
oh my God he's a my fuck so now that
that bugs off my face we over here in
the park shoot it I wrote for it Daniel
and myself
oh yeah my have you I'm gonna be working
you today you ready are you ready Danny
real
so I'm at the restaurant and I just
happen to run into these cuties over
here what's up guys also doing the
long-distance thing is that Canadian
girls where's that we're doing a coup
stick version of airplanes and terminals
to upload Hey
g7 was crackin right ladies if y'all
don't know who this is g7 he's on a
plane in terminals and thankfully he
looks like marques houston Omarion
pretty mouth over here Andy spot and so
this will go on Andrews channel when the
and she's not gay guy you got all the
new faces were always gasket of Angie's
came he doesn't to be funny but trust me
definitely not yet true that you know Oh
tonight we're having a guys night in
it's Saturday night but we said you know
what F going out we got a Ricky shucks
here we got super-ego here Eric baat
punch the wings for everybody from wings
stop that lemon pepper doe not whack-ass
Buffalo Wild Wings Buffalo wet wings
bitch-ass wack wings
alright right ands we bought this
amazing movie Spring Breakers
which we don't watch for the titties and
we don't watch for to ask we watch for
the like the cinematography and the like
the social commentary on pop culture and
the youth obsession with this type of
shit basically we know why girls who act
like that so me my mom are going to pick
up my dad at the airport
cuz he's back in town happy mom talk
about no no my dad you're finally home
how does it feel to be back everything's
the same everything's the same yeah
mom's the same I'm going to Canada
Canada is the most beautiful place
heaven on earth man you see those
Canadian girls though oh when I'm
retired I'm gonna be a Canadian citizen
there you go Canada the Royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
silly hose terminals on
no no make it rain he's all I ever know
he's all I really know when I was young
I will come didn't know which way to go
oh I knew I had the path so I knew I had
a daughter that good life so that one
now in a girl
