we're listening to the airplanes a new
version for the first time the d9
warehouse hey what's up man hey what's
up it's behind the scene yeah
so they hooking us up with some free
clothes for this airplanes and terminals
music video shoot so we can look like
you know sexiest shit okay it's okay
hello I'm in buki the prince of africa
citizen of Zamunda Munda ah my friend
Jin from Australia she's she's chilling
and we found this bottle of tequila
shaped like a gun and it Jin's gonna
take a shot out of Benji's dick oh you
gotta turn up turn up Jin how's that
yummy yummy it's ma okay now Angie you
do it and all that that's not
appropriate appropriate because I don't
regard clear so I randomly we randomly
invited just a bunch of people up here
it's the tooth it's a Tuesday turn up
and you know which yeah big Batum
everybody egg oh my gosh damn we are
getting low dirt
that's crazy all right so we're in
deadlock traffic right now trying to get
to the Mirage apparently the Mirage over
there has the best view of the strip
we're trying to get like a dope firework
shot for this music video but we in
bumper-to-bumper traffic it's all bad
right now but hey Vegas so we out here
after a stressful night of shooting we
out here we ask for render nightclub at
the Encore it's like a pool party type
situation
Chester see
what a beep why did I come to a pool
party with Chester see happy birthday
America
no earlier we had a frustrating as video
shoot yeah we were running through the
streets of Las Vegas while fireworks
were popping off in the background
trying to get a good shot and that shit
was muffs rating and it was hot so
tonight we turn it up Clark am Loki my
MIDI bulky but fun and satisfying yeah
all right so it's the next day we just
chillin poolside and and you got in the
pool but he doesn't have a swim trunks
oh he's just in his drawers and we're
saying how he which day now he looked
like a European dude which is where the
speedos is it wait I'm not like not even
new year let's do that
ketchup please
I vote for that shit so slow just like
your raps against me bitch
you are so bad it'll make know as I'm
doing designer liner let me finish
Dixie's better cut off the sleeves up
his sweater he don't even make cheddar
Oh smack you for the better his hair
looks like a letter
so it's the party because we're gonna
shoot this party with a music video we
got so multi poppets work teams 151
cheers Cheers today YouTube like we like
it's like we nuh
what's the island it's like we're Fiji
and shit
I was so nice that was nice about that
by the way
so we over here at the hippo aesthetics
store in Las Vegas we go into lat like
one of the final shots for this video we
hold a little meat curry right now let
the fans come in make sure people know
that you know in the video and this
tribe he was playing oh he's just
playing school everybody knows I'm way
cuter deeper let's go yeah we had
accident down here some one job some
lemonade but it's okay we got her here
to mop it up what something about the
mop up this here mess I like why you do
that me grease over the suit came late
you and me so my homies in Houston and
driving back from Vegas to get some like
little sexy shots here and there and we
pulled over we pulled over and we rented
this giant suburban and now we're in the
middle of the desert trying to get some
cool-ass sexy ass shots got this sexy
motherfucker right here
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
