Oh No yeah yeah Korean barbeque and
guess what we do it right now guess who
I'm with trash you down but the complan
finally finally years literally years
and this cat right here there's no of
you if they don't know bro this g7 we
working on this video initiative about
the command is about you crazy
it's not about to be crazy we shooting
the video in Vegas fourth of July
weekend we might have like a
meet-and-greet Vegas people so come
through and look cute because you might
be in the video crazy
you gotta put what's up bro making us
sound sexy making us inside Oh me and
Rick are heading to medieval times
because it's PD Flo's birthday and you
know about you uh watch some Knights
joust eat some chicken with our hands
like we're in the medieval times
cuz now no one eats chicken with their
hands and we bout to turn up and uh
young about to watch
Sir Lancelot he likes to sing and dance
a lot she about to be toy caused by Rick
so it's a beauty floors birthday
medieval times she
it's not recording right
good so like I was saying bro
it was the nastiest fucking shit dude
like I don't remember having fish or
anything mealtime right now it's crazy
today we fight
stupid nighttime fucking flowers to the
employees at medieval times that were
fans and hook me up with like this dope
ass swords wooden sword and also this
certificate that says I am a lord lord
Timothy DeLaGhetto and I am the best
youtuber in the land so hi what's up now
Smosh nigahiga certified morning it's a
beautiful day in California right now
I'm actually on my way to a wedding it's
a couple of my friends from high school
they've been together for I own or eight
years or some shit like that they're
finally tying the proverbial not as they
say and that is crazy man I'm getting to
that point in my life where friends are
getting married one of my best friends
from my childhood be his wife is like
pregnant they bout to have a kid which
is crazy and yeah
oh the DJ man said everybody on that
side gets to go get food first because
they were there first but f that Sun I
was here first with Rick so I went over
and I snuck over there and got my oh
yeah and it's a mariachi over there
because it's a half Mexican wedding
we got mariachis we got food that I
stole I mean that's my friend that's my
friend I could do that
that's my song it's so hot today she's
probably so salty so look you know
what's going on right now this is
beautiful because they put on some
Cambodian shit to dance to and you got
the Mexican side of the family dancing
with the Cambodian side of the family
Mexicans don't know what the fuck's
going on but they're all in there
dancing and that's a beautiful thing man
it's beautiful you just take a moment to
soak in what's going on you know
you know dad called me up said there was
people at the restaurant and I ran into
this group of fine oh they're single oh
they're legal ladies you see the legal
smart sexy good-looking and the
best-looking one of all right for his
birthday
and you know it's nice a hometown event
paramount reppin you know got the old
Paramount folks here got Bubba here got
Peters dad here drinking beer making it
lattes for everybody those days it's
real serious right now
apart you want to show you the pork dude
roasted a whole pig in there yeah oh my
gosh
there's a whole pig is Miss Piggy in
there Peter pressured me into doing it
because like every like I this used to
be like the tradition for his birthday
every year due to the slide he pressed
me into it warning the following clip
contains nudity so turn away if you're
young or don't
so I've joined today with these lovely
ladies Mia here wanna hear shooting this
little special on like um like bullying
and stuff and how to bully the best way
to bully and and then Benji's here chill
in exotic just stole some internet thank
you thanks for stopping by San Diego yes
they do they ask me about it all the
time I still have my Christmas tree here
because it's so pretty and look if I
didn't have this tree here this is big
old empty space and um I almost took it
down and I thought no you know I'm
keeping that shit up oh my lord Sierra
is so sexy look at her oh oh my goodness
me bitch chicken horny me a bitch again
horny
ready for this Benji come on come on
good so the Royal penis is clean your
highness
thank you King shit I got a pocket full
of rocks in the day we love fun some
kill the dance maneuvers and the grill
that I shine up got a book a studio
session and raps in my times up then I
drop the latest single everybody go line
up
see I'm not worried might a deal it's
all politics that boy you'll be is clean
baby compiler shit
