right now I'm in the 4runner as you can
see because I'm going to pick up a bike
well a tricycle that I bought online
it's a grown-man tricycle and I thought
it would be cool to like you know be on
a tricycle and shit so that's that's
where we're going and Rick Rick
and pick up all the bitches in this
tricycle just plant you at this boy it's
out of control
I never meant to hurt her but gotta let
it go
so don't pay attention how greasy I am
but tonight is the night where while an
ounce greatest moments comes on and
they're like showing all the new cast
members and so everyone on the East
Coast right now is already watching and
check this out
Timothy DeLaGhetto is trending worldwide
on Twitter son yo this is crazy I've
never been trending ever that's just
crazy look look at how hard my nipple is
right now dude mine was so hard and that
hard ass nipple represents the joy
that's running through my whole body
right now so while announced wildest
moments is coming on MTV - right now
Rick and Joan Lee randomly decided to
stop by and watch with me show love and
support and they're supposed to be
introducing me as one of the new cast
members so like you know I'm hyped right
now
ah yeah it's real serious it's real
serious right now shout out to everybody
whoever said I was corny
shout out to everybody that was gonna
whack shout out to everybody who said I
would never be on TV
and um shout out to my mom - I love it
so I'm waking up today and I'm so happy
um just cuz I you know I don't get
excited about too many things I kind of
in this business I kind of trained
myself not to get too excited about
stuff too soon cuz you know you you get
disappointed a lot so
so last night finally actually seeing
myself on TV was when it was like so
real you know I'm saying you know how I
was saying not to look at success as a
dream but look at it as a destination
you know last night I feel like I've
been running for years you know I'm
saying and I finally hit one of my
destinations you don't saying like I
finally crossed one of my finish lines
you know I'm saying like for the first
time I can throw my hands up and
celebrate in and it feels amazing and I
know I shattered out all my haters last
night for motivating me but shout out to
all the lovers and supporters for effing
with me and supported me through all the
years and being just so just showing me
so much love in what I do and on Twitter
and stuff man thank you guys so I'm on
my way to the Mini Cooper dealership
with my dad
cuz I'm invited through the car for his
birthday your only son
and your lawman Yolo so I paid off the
fusion a while ago so we're gonna trade
in the fuse you can get him a new car
and you know thank you it's just my way
of saying thank you for having sex with
mom so here's your brand new Mini Cooper
happy birthday thank you son
hey you're welcome I know I know how
hard you worked to get you to bring you
to this you know oh you are your friend
Thanks they sure for this man right here
I wouldn't be here today so you know my
mommy's help my mom helped a little bit
she pushed me out and you take oh right
right and sha blowed my lapel
like yeah so right now I'm gonna do this
radio show track life.com I'm chillin
they know my party turning up low-key
had new friends new friends yes new
friends you know that wasn't mean all
the homies were like sitting around in
junior high or writing stupid raps and I
did a song with this dude named wax wax
is um wax is another like quote-unquote
YouTube rapper and he like actually his
shits like number one in Europe right
now but me to him did a song of my
diarrhea stop bubble guts okay yeah
alright yeah ok so I'll be going on
swore you know I've had like but I still
make
one track might bring Yogi's home save
me though
oh he's put on the can I get up yeah and
I catch a girl wind up yeah I'll make
shut up like those Beza
shut up every day I go better than the
next cat on the scene big Tim yes mundo
my flow is mean I'm a lean green fucking
machine like the Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles I'm under shit like fucking
Steve Urkel
yeah and I know the way I do it for the
universe like a milky way Carmel it's
okay I'm Superman like kal-el yeah this
is how I do it Tim huh get in your
girl's booty hole okay I mean they got
me on the spot straight taking shots
yeah and I got fans and stalkers but
I'll still take shots at Johnny why
nothing that will give me the Hinda see
ya
everybody say hey I still take shot that
I could be a quicker I prefer to breath
liquor yeah we're rich Tim I don't even
know if you hear me I'm gonna be say
Cassie
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
