so you don't know what the context of
the dick-sucking was I'm getting no ads
on this video usually as long as I had
no bumps in them what's up guys so once
again I'm in traffic I'm actually
heading to the boiling crab with Rick
over here in the passenger seat to get
some food y'all know I usually when I'm
in traffic I try to talk to you guys
about whatever's on my mind and today
what's on my mind is this blac Chyna
leaked sex tape okay and it's just a
couple things I wanted to address
because I was kind of irritated by the
response that the sex tape was getting
if you don't know there was like a
minute long video of blac Chyna laying
in bed sucking some dick it was a dick
in her mouth and she was sucking it and
Twitter was kind of going in well black
Twitter specifically but Twitter was
kind of going in on how trash her
felishj skills were right and um and I
thought it was silly because like first
of all to me it looked like it was
pleasant dick sucking like I feel like
everybody was going in people with
comments and like oh my god it looks so
dry she you know you need to be gagging
when I'm sucking dick my hair is up I
got eyeliner running down my cheeks this
and this and that I'm like bruh like
first of all I was a minute long so you
don't know what the context of the dick
sucking was I'm getting no ads on this
video but you don't know what the
context of the dick suck it wasn't like
have you guys never just like been
laying up with your partner maybe they
just got done smashing and you know he
was just like let me just put in your
mouth real quick or something like she
was laid out
he was probably propped up like this
just putting his dick in her mouth like
you know normally when a girl's about to
go in do this laid down she ties her you
know puts her hair but whatever and then
she started going in but like she was
just chilling maybe it was just like
they just got done it was something like
after relaxed you know they were
watching some Netflix and they was just
doing some like light Digg sucks I for
one loved the occasional slow slob you
know maybe she takes them takes it out
of her mouth a little bit you have a
little conversation just like some
subtle conversation um sucking that
she's cool me Rick prefers it
oh because that says to me that she just
likes my dick in her mouth right she's
not trying to accomplish anything right
now right dude I'm getting I'm gonna get
a little too deep with her right now but
sometimes people are too concerned with
with with the end product you don't
enjoy the journey and like it's not all
look look sex I said this on Twitter -
sex just like how sex doesn't always
have to be super rough and and wild and
like crazy the same goes for some for
some oral you know I'm saying like you
can have casual I mean like haven't you
guys just unhappy I mean I know a lot of
y'all are young so I feel like a lot of
you guys are just watching porn you feel
like everything she just looked like
porn porn is not how all sex is you know
I'm saying like you've never just been
going down on your chick gave it a
couple little licks you know looked up
at her and had a conversation maybe
y'all watching TV something like that
like as you're working your way up to it
or or afterwards like right after she's
Skeets she's mad sensitive so you just
kiss a little bit have a little
conversation and I just feel like it was
silly for the internet to
um shame her like that
and you know and we're not gonna talk
about how yeah you know it's like you
know it's fucked up that the tape got
leaked and all that shit that goes
without saying yeah it's fucked up
she got leaked maybe I'll eat on purpose
who knows regardless I think it was dumb
to to just talk shit because she was
like casually sucking some day that's
just me and Rick what all the people
argued with their argument was but she's
blac chyna
people over here she ruined their lives
with that she's supposed to be wowed
only she's posed to do this and then the
but I mean the cameras out like when the
cameras on you're supposed to show up
that's what the ignorance was saying
that's dumb that's so dumb especially if
that was her dude like maybe he was just
shining capture a little cute moment
with when your dick is in your girl's
mouth sometimes it's just cute man and
as many people mentioned her makeup
looks really good
III definitely in the past have
preferred a girl not to go crazy sloppy
on it because I felt like her makeup
looks really good Masaya
Monica one time I stopped a girl while
she was kind of going in on the fellatio
and I was like yo you can just you can
just hop on it if you want and she was
like why is it not good and I was like
notches you make it looks really nice I
don't want you to mess it all up yeah I
don't want you to get the lip and stick
all over and shit and and maybe that's
just what it was it was in casual maybe
it was just about to go out you know I'm
saying maybe she just laying out she was
like let me just take this little nap
before we go out makeups done and then
he was like let me put my taking him out
for a few seconds maybe I was it
you kids man you kids always want to
like you want to be the first one to
give you your opinion on some shit you
just don't know about you know like if
Rick like like Rick said on Twitter
everybody wanna be an expert well you
won't you put your sex tape up you don't
you grow if you're grown yes no underage
sex tapes if you're grown and you want
to talk on that shit put your tape up
let us fucking critique you and your
tape that you didn't know was for the
people exactly exactly this was not some
shit she was gonna distribute supposedly
and I believe it it was leaked so it was
supposed to be just some casual shit
with her and her dude some little fun
cute dick sucking chill moments and when
a girl's laying on her back like that
there's only so much she can do that is
when you like you fuck her face you feel
me and look whatever she was doing it
looked pleasant to me so you guys are
tripping
that's it
no ads I get I get ads for my fucking uh
dick sucking the Royal penis clean your
highness
Thank You King shit
