don't you make me do the family money
yes
yeah like what but burgers the shower
okay
I can't believe you put your phone in
the actual shower what is you aren't
crazy
I got a thanks for you do anything wrong
uh not even thank hold up a bag to get
that right future video video
excited to home yes
I love Canada
I love your family did great I mean
every gotta get home you know I'm gonna
get that call my dad my fish great
beautiful beautiful beautiful people who
are just great you beat
so Tim just made a comment he said that
I wouldn't be so annoying when I'm Craig
I just know it
she's gonna whine so much no I won't
complain and then like what I thought of
it cuz just now like she turned around
to walk and she did like oh my god no
that's just gonna be you fucking walking
no begging me for shit yeah well if I
have to I'm gonna love every minute of
it if I have to bore your children is
that a word
I think it's very much okay if I have to
bury your children with their big heads
you better do whatever I say right
you nearly 40
you have to learn how to make it because
they don't have any out here Saul I
haven't no no okay so we're back home in
LA and I have to go shoot some going raw
today all day so I'm gonna leave the
little wife here to do a little dishes
do some little dishes clean the house
make sure the house is spic and span
make sure I have dinner on the table
when I get home looks like what you want
me to make beer and water and peaches
yeah good fine babe do you want
I got shishito peppers they're probably
seven weeks old
I got Jamaican Jerk sauce everything is
expired and old okay yeah just do the
dishes woman it's so cute all right I
gotta go shoot some Goa raw all day cuz
you know even when the wife is here
man's gotta go to work make that money
so we're shooting another episode of
going Rob at this time we got like a
throwback 90s edition and that's what I
got us all criss crossed out even though
we're not crisscross how does it feel
being back in giant cheese Doug oh my
god
I never wore my sad is baggy but uh kind
of close bro
kind of close I have some vote cow Moos
I used to wear it I would like give a
little bit if we got like danke rules we
got motherfucker well I mean I still
drink a pre sons
gotcha you're askin to be sure AFRL -
you look so happy
what is this NWA traffic's ninjas with
attitude is what that would be almost
fucking troll dolls look man you kids
bro you kids missed out man the 90s
where's that son John know about this
don't know about this huh so we just
wrapped another episode of going raw
look what we got in the show today we
got me ok ok let me just let me just say
he just love a day is it clean in there
mmm-hmm sooo I get out your back of your
head myself hello babe man you here all
day
hmm for most of it yeah you know get
some food yeah dying in here
water to what's important okay let's go
get some fish oh why do you have your
oatmeal in my remote thing okay baby
whatever you want hey guys look who's
here look who's here hey it's not BD
flow hey it's uh you guys might have
seen him in cello adventures you might
have seen a man ISA the movie from the
sci-fi channel make some noise for
super-ego and you might have seen this
girl from the girlfriend boyfriend does
girlfriends makeup challenge video the
yoga challenge video
the proposal video challenge video make
some noise
just Pichichi I have to say straight out
of Canada so right now we're gonna do a
video where they fight for my love to
see who gets my time just kidding guys
we're gonna do a little uh what's in the
back flips in the Box challenge is going
on on my alter-ego so on this restaurant
bossa nova
that's like in LA a lot of people in all
of us they slid into my DMS and they
were like hey man if you wanna come eat
at Lawson over we got shoes like oh yeah
so we got some bomb-ass body you go you
got the money
this friend is so good yeah I'm just
like yeah but like it's like a little
slightly different consistency
passionfruit juice pop I got these
little tenderloins wrapped in bacon with
some mushroom risotto and some asparagus
papi
stay no bacon
medium-rare steak medium-rare how I do
how real jeans do little risotto No
something
let me take a bite of this it looks
delicious
already delicioso as they say in Spanish
yeah that's a real reaction right there
yeah that wasn't even for the camera hey
baby
okay not Chiu's but the freestyle yeah
she about to freeze okay ready I'm gonna
freestyle for you ready yo yo yo what's
up my name is Gia see ya wouldn't wanna
be up and I got the glasses on you will
not get to pass it on because I got this
straight info
yeah and I'm cleaning all your windows
yeah my hair was so curly though and my
man is soberly though and I really like
his long hair you bitches wish you had a
man like me it's not fair
shoutout to Canadia ain't nobody saving
you you're sweaty your hands are so
sweaty vain can we go get some spaghetti
babe make some meatballs
you don't like to eat y'all have
Salvadorians
um get a drink and I'm pouring it huh
but the happy is eritrea and i like the
way you fit me into your schedule she
just she doesn't even like him okay it's
some questions is that a good or a bad
thing
it's don't you know goods go go is this
gonna heat and Marines go wrong on these
questions
on my background my Oh
lay down on your bed yeah you have all
that food and you won't use them paver
you swear he's not gonna hurt me
he's so I think just Dickens me here got
some questions for you
he's a literally eating the questions
yeah you gotta you gotta you gotta take
the chalk do that I wasn't getting your
bag with nemenyi there's a goat on oh
okay
