Joe did you get phone down no is that
guys I just got pulled over
I think it's first lock was it because I
had my camera up yes sorry I didn't I
wasn't sure cuz I make videos and I
wasn't sure if like videotaping while
driving was because I know I know you
can't text because I'm so he was nice
enough to not give me a moving violation
he just gave me a cell phone ticket was
gonna be like 100 bucks
so thanks that's what's about that time
time to ship her back to Canada as
always they fo we exercise I actually
you know we actually did something this
time usually we just like lay out and
eat junk and watch Netflix but this time
we actually did some stuff and
say by this huge pimple on my cheek like
it's so big and it hurts like I can't
even pop it it's big and it's hard
that's what she said but it's so big
like it's like if I look down this way I
can I didn't see it I can I don't have
to use a mirror to see this pimple I can
look down this way and I can see the
horizon of this shit on my face but
anyways my homegirl from Japan hooked it
up with some dope authentic Japanese
snacks like dis shit right here and this
shit right here whatever this is and
like it looks like something like dim
sum flavored chips the dopest shit out
of all is these passion fruit flavored
Kit Kats on everything it's like one of
the best candy chocolate things I've
ever tasted
so balm so thank you to Coco for hooking
these up but I got to over here at a
capsule barber shop get my hair cut
lined up as shit and these cats right
here from supreme vape supreme you know
bakes are real popular right now they
hook me up with my own personal vape
here and I appreciate that man
appreciate that
and it's nicotine free cuz I don't smoke
I'm saying should I take the first is it
ready to go
hey I'm all set for this alphaCAT video
we don't find no more Sun Instagram
video Oh fine King back the death of
vine Nikki limo hmm big leave oh give me
what you're talking about get you that
myspace angle yeah mmm I'll forget has a
shoot in this vine right now about
Nicolini booty and batchest tongue is
all in it so right now I'm on my way to
Hollywood with ricky shucks
and I'm actually performing tonight at
the Roxy and UIC is performing and D
prides closing the show it's like it's
like his his tour thing that he's doing
and actually the last time I performed
at the Roxy he was five and a half years
ago okay with little craves okay this is
when me and him were like top 10 myspace
rappers and shit and we had a show at
the Roxy opening for this lady named
Kiki Wyatt
nobody showed up to the show so teach
you why it didn't even come out right
mean crazy perform there's probably like
eight people in the whole shit the
performance was it was acting my first
like performance ever
I think I was super nervous shit and
yeah man and I haven't performed here
since so should be interesting to see
what the turnout is like after all these
years and auto Grand in you know I'm
saying he better do better to kill you I
just got to the theater ran into a
couple fans outside and right there as
you can see Timothy DeLaGhetto Andrew
Garcia D fry guess what
I met the Roxy I've been Hollywood
miss Roxy show auto homes were they're
trying to come home asleep and relax
and these show up with wings and fries
it's chilly and little praise they had a
show in Long Beach
yeah man last time craze was up here was
like a year ago when I first moved into
the sex castle and I had like six people
staying over here for like a month no we
are not cuddling she said no cuddling
and I was trying to tell him I said this
at his vlog too but I told him he's too
skinny to cuddle with I need some meat
so I can be warm Hey keeping those wings
and maybe we could cuddle in a band
before I close this vlog out I'm greasy
I'm sweaty I'm sleepy I just want to
talk to you all about the Roxy and the
other night at the show first of all I
was dope to you know support the little
homie deep fried and perform and and it
was dope to perform in LA and get so
much love you know after going from
doing a show with nobody there to doing
a packed house
and the thing about it is you know I was
sitting there with dumb watching
probably perform and like we were
talking about how you know we saw the
potential in him for meeting was young
you know y'all may not know this but the
first song I ever did was deep fried he
was 14 you know I'm saying he's 19 now
and it's just cool to see him and my
peers like we've been doing this shit on
YouTube we've been grinding we've been
working hard and it's just so rewarding
and fulfilling to see people that that
you've been working with and you know
that I've been working hard like getting
on and being successful like seeing
pride to his thing
knowing that Tory is gonna blow up crazy
this year the whole wild and out thing
like seeing the commercial on TV just
makes everything so real for me and like
it just feels so dope man thank you guys
for supporting and holding me down I
know I say that a lot but I mean it man
it's beautiful cuz like the fact that
that this YouTube shit like the whole
YouTube fam like we we came from nothing
you know I'm saying like we all we
wanted was to be seen you know I'm
saying and and and we went hard and and
and and we turned it into something you
know and it's crazy to to watch it
happen and to see it happen and to see
my peers and to see people I love and
care about and have worked with to
actually get rewards from and it's a
beautiful thing and this YouTube shit is
a beautiful thing and and this pimple is
a beautiful thing the Royal penis is
clean your highness thank you
King shit oh and speaking of YouTube
collaborations Mia Ric did a video with
exotic Jess and subrogee where we play
some some obnoxious rappers it's not
chucking dirty it's a different
character different characters we're
doing it for this other thing linked
below if you want to watch that here's
the annotation alright peace have good
night love you ski dreams all that I
would you like to walk around everybody
know who you are huh picture with you
yeah I music make me feel good
shut up annoying man I can't I have some
privacy please we're trying to pull
