good morning it's a beautiful day for a
number of reasons one being my pimple is
going down to being I woke up to this in
my kitchen hey baby when did you get
here oh shit she crept into my condo in
the middle of the night in a little
polkadot green dress and now she's
cooking me breakfast the best girlfriend
in the whole wide world and it's magic I
don't even know how she got here weird
so you know how I've been like I've been
like low-key getting like fad like
low-key though not like super fags
low-key that was so gia tells you all
the time she's like baby if you get fat
I'll totally break up with you right I
loved even doing that bourbon like I'll
totally break out with you and that's
how you sound
yeah anyway so she tells me if I get bad
she's gonna break up with me and she
works out a lot so I'll be telling her
if her booty gets small and hard I'll
break up with her you know but she's
been using her booty like she's like if
you don't go to the gym then I'm gonna
go to the gym extra to make my butt all
hard and tight and shit I'm like ah fine
so I want my shin sock and jiggly well
not my shit but when I say my shit hurts
coincidentally my next mission for the
Fiesta movement as you can see I'm in
Trinidad James right now my next mission
for the Fiesta movement is to work out
with Julian Michael's and Chia just
happens to be obsessed with Jillian
Michaels she's like so excited and so
we're on our way to the beach right now
to go workout in this huge like class
and Jillian Michaels and yeah I'm ready
to tone up and firm up and I'm gonna
make sure she doesn't do any butt
exercises extra squash so we here at
this shape
Finch this massive tent is like like
free stuff over there and people working
out over there and the beach in the
background as you can see beautiful
Hermosa Beach got my beautiful beach
right there taking pictures as you can
see there's like hundreds of people over
there hopping around as Jillian Michaels
like screams out
give me a reach shake that ass only my
face
Junio fight it makes me hungry let's
have sex so now we're in line to meet
Jillian Michaels she's behind this
little tent right here but we're not
allowed to take pictures and stuff so
but they're gonna send me a picture your
head looks good it looks like you just
worked out but in a sexy and sexy way no
it's cool
just so y'all know just tell me a cheer
walking right now but I don't have a
photographer to film this so this is how
we're walk-in just you know darker shade
and nappy your hair but I'm Way buffer
and her butts way nicer Matt I'm cheese
but not not the white chicken so guys I
know there's a black purple dot on my
camera you guys mentioned in every vlog
I know it's there it's not dirt
I just I have to go to the Apple store
and trade it in for a new phone I just
haven't had time but I'll do it today
okay
okay walking on the beach and came
across this beautiful giant house like
right here on the corner
it's amazing dude so we did a little
quick change in the indie fiesta which
is perfect to change in by the way nice
and roomy in the back and just like my
lovely girlfriend here nice and roomy in
the back and I've done some pants and I
hat she won't shoot through on this sexy
little maxi dress and now we're on our
way to this after party for the Jillian
for the for the fitness thing it's an
American junkie afterparty get some
drinks and some grub and baby feeling
good thirst and but thirst is real right
now walking around shopping and shit
recipes Tupac was he still alive
a couple that time crisises together I
know
so keeping with the fitness theme of
today's vlog I was like hey babe you
want to do this Runyon Canyon she's like
what's that I'm like well it's basically
like this hike that that everyone in LA
kind of goes on it's like that it's like
the Hollywood hike you know I'm Sam and
it basically takes you to the top of
like Hollywood Hills you I'm saying you
got LA in the back over there and yeah
so you know try get sexy and shit for
her also trying to even out this
disgusting sunburn I got from
yesterday's activities horrible look at
it it's like I'm like a like a red and
white stripes on the flag and shit huh
you do that's what you're supposed to do
you're working your your quadrilateral
sinha Maximus John tighten up that booty
this is the way to go so we finally
finished the hike my tan is still ugly
no I would just put you on my shoulder
and ran the rest of the way of course
after an intense workout
we got a grub so I took gia to my
favorite little Japanese barbecue spot
key guy you
Papaji cop guy guy you cock oh I'm not
really sure how to pronounce it one of
those Japanese it's like they
and then you do it on the grill cooking
up yourself mmm then eat that
mmm what happy Father's Day
hey you're the father you are the father
um guess what my dad's gonna get I've
been getting a colonic crap out of me
man literally they put a tube up his
butt put water up in his system and
flushed all the poo out it's quite
enjoyable so it's a beautiful day out
and she was like hey let's go for a walk
I'm like babe no one walks but I was
like fine let's go for a walk
so walk to Starbucks got her some coffee
and we're talking about how well I grew
up around a lot of like Mexicans around
here and they would always say that the
guy has to walk on the side towards the
street for a number of reasons one
reason being you know let's say a car is
coming it's gonna like hit us I would
get hit first you know I'm saying so how
so I would take the impact with my
muscles you know I'm saying and save her
and and the other reason being someone
told me that like back in the old days
if the girl was walking towards the
street then that means the guy was gonna
like sell her you know I'm saying so
definitely don't want to sell Chea so I
went to the salon I was like yo how much
they liked all the weave in my hair get
some extensions you know I'm saying and
cuz I'm gonna get braids I saw I'm just
kind of getting used to this hair right
yeah well I don't look it you don't
think I look good like this yeah I can
start like I can make like real artistic
music you know I have this hair people
take me seriously the Royal penis is
clean your highness
thank you Kings shit
