so what super minute made on my flight
to vane cool hurry and my tummy that
chicky with being boom not steady beanie
somebody be bitch we said enough to do
this mean jury right now before the San
Francisco stuff we got the eager young
uns in the back chillin waiting to come
through so this guy got me motivated to
be a director I got through the year in
high school so I want to meet this guy
so bad I'm still working on YouTube
channel but ting what's your channel
grow mini Jay protection chain
protection you'll find it pops that I
got a little vlogs and little music
videos on there alright and this guy Tim
Potts of my hair this girl killer girl
alright she came she came to my job for
time I didn't talk to all scared and he
popped in my head and saying bitch bro
just go go for the number man go for a
number and I did and look at us now who
together and they're together all
beautiful and he brought me some drawers
thank you so much
he's just telling me I'm like the big
brother he's never had so come here bro
come here come here come here bro okay
girls right here they brought me some
drawers as well thank you some more
colorful ones I appreciate that I think
you are totally right it's like the best
blog ever my shirt I made for you hi
magic was Danny's hotel
Points by Sheraton San Francisco someone
else brought me underwear thank you yo
I'm an enemy yourself in San Francisco
Oh San Francisco thanks for showing us
mad love Noble Club normal it was fun J
rise but he can't react to it because
he's alright so it is really early in
the morning it's the day after the club
and we me Benjy and Jenny sue cried here
fresh-faced Jenny soup no makeup we're
going to New Orleans for a club so and
yeah airplanes have a fresh face
Jenny don't sow check it
okay yeah good morning New Orleans it
was it was a dope show last night thanks
for coming do watching me and Jenny
rocked the stage and whatnot me all the
fun man it was a rowdy crowd it was fun
y'all crazy cuz like clubs closed at
2:00 in LA I performed at 2:00 last
night shit was just getting cracking it
like 1 or 2 we all crazy out here but uh
finally get a day to just kind of chill
and eat the local food and soak in the
culture a little bit you know I rarely
get to do that on these shows and look
at my beautiful hotel view though womp
womp
wait it's kind of hard way to wit
jin-sook sort of gross how busy do
ladies alright so it's a battle if
silver to versus chocolate to
like that there we go
Oh so we are here in New Orleans where
we have where we ever cafe du monde Cafe
Du Monde all these things any age so
we're gonna take the vineyards in the
hot chocolate and really real always up
and and I this she's in my blog oh my
god it's going down right now going down
it's so serious right now
Jenny so how you feeling I feel great
trying to get us day drunk out here they
don't stop out here man we are here
Bourbon Street New Orleans was good
Oh
look at this school it's called
schnecken burger all right that's it I'm
leaving New Orleans thank you everybody
Robbie out happy birthday bro pouring
rain right now and you know what forget
what Drake says I got new friends dinner
with the fam mom over there getting some
how you know Monday Sunday Funday like
we do actually my boys Far East Movement
invited me to do a cameo in a music
video tonight but I hadn't seen the fam
in a while and I know it's family night
so I was like man priorities I'm gonna
come get dinner and that's cuz I'm a
good boy right guys check out this magic
blanket oh my god I'm a baby yo so I'm
home watching MTV - and look what
finally started showing on TV
yeah bitch
the Royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
fuck
hello hi who the fuck are you who fuck
are you I'm the pizza delivery guy okay
now we have traffic in the way you
should take a detour I'm like Maryland
I'm just trying to be more the next Will
Smith in the club getting jiggy my girl
going ham you could call me Miss Piggy
too much game bitch say below your
tokens everybody stare like the elevator
broke in got your lady choking on the
dick so Freddie got a sprung maker wanna
change the name like Diddy
