I so I'm out of here hold on up when you
get home shirt so I'm out here at
YouTube space they're doing their first
ever a thing for his sponsor channel the
rap battle network right here what it's
like I've never been to like a battle
like event before look who's here hey
man here with the boy Tim man always
always been fuckin with the battles man
we appreciate you watching dude oh yeah
heaven amen
my girlfriend's a big fan man you gotta
say hi router - oh man this will make
their product rata
yep so much points oh that's a good
loving tonight and yo shun you won but
I've got it aw damn it we marking it as
match - no give me
you know saying you know I'm saying
fired up for anybody that's familiar
with the battle system and this is like
some monumental shit right here is crazy
right now there's like a hawk or an
eagle or an albatross or some shit
crawling around on top of my like sky
roof hole whatever you would call this
weight when you try and catch it I swear
he wants to run away every time I turn
the camera on come on brah
come on stupid bird you make me look
stupid there he goes
come on motherfucker here we go
oh my god oh my god ah oh it's totally
scared you right now so I'm in the
studio right now Nick Cannon
my boss hit me up and was like yo man
come to the studio get on this track
he's putting together like a while and
now album mixtape type thing with a
bunch of the cast and a bunch of artists
so should we go I'm over here trying to
knock out my track and it should be fire
son it should be fire so what you have
in here for doc you know we working on
that Wilin out compilation yeah you know
like this we you see that on a shirt
that's that's Malcolm yeah Martin the
other by any means necessary that's like
us right now we that's that same pitch
boy which one who you want you little
one you Martin I'm Malcolm okay yeah
yeah I do have dreams so turn up Tom's
you just want to wake up and try some
shit right cook some shit so I'm making
some
sriracha mayonnaise which is like you
know mayonnaise and sriracha mix it all
up and I'm frying this hair hanging and
I got these spicy sausages and I'm gonna
make a little sandwich out of that shit
is about to be bomb I'm a grown-ass man
what's up check it out y'all I'm like
the Iron Chef and shit there's a bomb
needs a little more sriracha at all no
oh I'm heading to the airport because
I'm flying to San Francisco for the
weekend well not the weekend of flying
San Francisco to perform on Friday for
the Academy of Heroes show tour and then
Saturday going straight to New Orleans
for a performance at club Republic and
and I had thanks for driving me as
always thanks for being a great dad and
being supportive and open-minded hey you
know what'd be nice Father's Day is
coming up right right and and your
birthday yeah sorry birthday's coming up
rolled it up into one June 28th yeah
what do you want do you want like a new
vest thanks for thanks for driving me
around dad and thanks for anything to
get away from the house
so up at the top of where we meet Al and
I landed in San Francisco we're at the
top of the view lounge here with Benjy
you can't really see and do I say that
enough okay hey that we up here is real
nice looking over San Francisco my
little white Russian again sit down by a
little dark Filipina so I find about it
and everyone's like dude just flip the
blinds the other way it'll make less
sunlight come in look what happens when
I try to turn these the other way the
redness all right okay
seems like it's working and it just
stops it just stops Oh can't a man sleep
until noon when he wants to turning up
to this country music we invade San
Francisco Benjy Miche right now we're
headed to Mission mom's house cuz she's
cooking like a Filipino dinner and I'm
hyped because I love with the Filipino
moms get down in the kitchen cuz they go
crazy man they cook all types I'm ready
for the fucking fun shit I'm ready for
the lumpia
I'm ready for the big old roasted pig in
the middle of the kitchen
I'm ready for the balut not really I
can't want to try what if you don't know
what that is it's basically like like
I'd like a chicken it's like a fetus
it's like a duck fetus and you break
open the shell and you like eat it and
there's like a little tiny like my house
in my backyard and we opened the
umbrella spider the spider body I jump
clap that mother we have food or food on
food nice what is all this all these
crazies Filipino stuff right here okay
whatever that is screams shaking again
and what Oh potato and potato she says
we're grabbing
and we're three guinea where think we're
drinking and you know it's everyone
finally here alright so me benching the
gym right now is the day of the show
we're trying to get sexy shit and the
only way to really go hard is
huh the Royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
