all right so I decided to name my fiesta
Trinidad James and today we're gonna
take him out on another mission alright
so here at the restaurant chillin right
because we take a little break cuz I've
been shooting a skit with these cats
right here if you ain't no chill oh man
if they didn't know let them know well
and I know I know one of us looks out of
place right now rick rick is wearing the
hat right it's always gonna be one
person's dig it out trying too hard so
just got done in just just keeping with
the dorm same and guys are about to go
suit but I didn't even know I had fans
no way he doesn't wanna be ID you wanna
beat or not oh he's gonna be alright
well thank you for coming
alright so I'm shooting a scene over
here at the Paramount part and ran into
a bunch of so we just wrapped shooting
with the dorm teaming guys funny dudes
and have funny dudes so now oh my god
Julia and so this is Julia then the
annoying girl actually wasn't annoying
girl's name that we can name this GPS
inside inside my
we think about somebody and I'm thinking
about anyways we get out later I'm going
to meet up with todrick Hall right now
it's doing a little something for his
videos he's a singer he's on American
Idol and yes so then after that we'll do
the mission hey I'm in a fiesta - I'm in
a fiesta like get away hey so I came to
LA real quick to shoot something with
this dude right here let me know who you
are they don't know what's up this your
boy todrick I am Tim delegate OHS
delegate delegate Oh should we do it
again oh that's funny okay they like a
toast
I just renamed it uh thank you so much
for driving all the way out here and
rush-hour traffic to be a part of my
Mean Girls hilarious hilarious I learned
some great things from him like how to
properly take a penis picture if you
ain't no going oh you know and if you
don't know now you know now you know hey
he sings he sings what's your channel
brother my channel is Saudi rock star
you got to look up todrick Hall
youtube.com backslash todrick Hall he's
singing a drive-thru jeno so now that
I'm done shooting with todrick I'm gonna
start my fiesta mission and if y'all
know me I know I'm like a foodie see my
Instagram I'm always taking pictures of
my food no pictures by the way follow me
on Instagram Tim Taylor ghetto and so my
mission is to go to different
restaurants in LA and have like a
different course from like three or four
different restaurants
okay so first place we going is one of
my favorite Thai it's the only other
Thai food place I'll eat at besides my
mom's place it's called Palms restaurant
and Hollywood and so that's what we're
gonna have our appetizer alright so here
we have the problems restaurant in
Hollywood first thing I'm grubbing on is
this here duck
salad okay this will be my appetizer for
tonight
spicy junkie bah get a little fight here
let's go go fights get a little bite we
drive around Hollywood there's a spot
called go burger that I've heard good
things about but I've never been there
so right now we're about to head there
so here we go we got these amazing
truffle fries and it's here me so hungry
burgers that was called something like
that it was whatever it's called here we
go but where I go burger we got some
little sliders super bright but he's
truffle fries or amazing you see right
here there's a bomb
so I tweeted my people's asking what's
the place in LA that I need to get
dessert and everybody or a bunch of
people said I need to go to milk that's
milk right there so we gonna test this
out all right so I'm here in milk
everyone's always instagramming these
like mega Ron ice cream sandwiches type
things I'm so full it smells delicious
though
we're gonna take a bite here and I'm
really cold but it do delicious
that's bomb that is bomb mom tastes like
seems like a fairies vagina Oh stupid
you know you try to say random stuff to
be funny people are gonna laugh at it
regardless but sometimes it's not even
funny you know that's not funny I was
gonna say God's vagina but that jokes
already been made alright good morning
so I'm Loki stressed right now because
I'm supposed to be shooting a video
today but the girl the woman I had to
play a mom flaked so I'm trying to
figure out what to do we're trying to
find a new lady and I'm like all I've no
underwear to wear but then I remembered
I have like all like this is all
clothing that has been sent to me by
different companies and people that I
have to do like a attends bakery for
well I don't have to but I'm going to
and I remembered that this company sent
me underwear brass brass underwear so
thank you you guys for sending me this
underwear because y'all came through in
the clutch right now alright alright so
I'm here on set we had the restaurant
shootings in this video this is our
Bobby
Dean and my fake grandma and there's a
fake my my rolls and we're doing this
thing I wrote it should be funny
hopefully we got all these guys here and
oh it's gonna be it's gonna be hilarious
right very very funny yes all right so
I'm here I'm here at the just kidding
films office and shooting what is it
just kidding news with these crazy
little cast of characters right here and
though we've been trying to plan this
shit out for like uh like a yeah but I'm
here guys cuz I care and all right so as
y'all know me and Rick got our clothing
brand goodie
we're driving some new stuff right now
we got this here pocket tee the Arizona
pocket tee and we got this right here
it's the goody seal with the palm trees
and all that you know I'm saying so
that's a rodeo arcade calm and I also we
also dropped the new cakes booty shorts
today you don't have any over anadi no
no it's okay I'll flash the picture
right now okay all right so by those
ladies for your cakes and and yeah it's
it's it's real serious out here you know
I'm saying roadie arcade maker goodie
deejays oh we don't play it's not say
it's salmon hey man that's just pink
don't be sayin
so I'm outta here
huh I'm at boiling crab with these
lovely ladies who are you if they know
I'm sammich and their makeup gurus I'm
cool with all that you know I got like
Agni shit so I like to pick up tips
uh-huh we're at the boiling crab out
here in k-town
there's always like mad people out here
mad Asians so when
I come I like dug down yeah you know and
yeah tell them about the wait for your
table
oh the wait you know brother crab always
has a crazy wait it's Friday night so
the weight is like and it was like two
hours so what's up bro get in the vlog
yeah the Royal penis is clean your
highness
Thank You King shit
