so where we at bro we're at Compass
alone come loose a little and graces and
burst burst the samurai restaurant and
our comfort saloon boy and new friends
and we're playing Jenga giant Jamie's
first skills
turn me now that it's gonna fall be
ready he is on the prowl
oh my god I'm gonna
do it
what club huh we're going sin club you
ready are you ready are you ready yeah
are you ready bro he read he's ready
let's fire you go huh
shit
all right so I'm leaving Dallas thank
you to everybody who came out last night
club was like super cracking I felt like
I was taking pictures like all night but
this it was fun man
thanks bring me out bro it's coming out
man yes sir appreciate it and yeah time
to go home and babe shout out to it
what's the company's leash it shouts
awesome project shout out the club xub
shout out to Danny Rio just shout out to
Texas all right next time till next time
yah
so Dallas
so I haven't seen Eric super-ego and
like him feels like a month
dude like it's a boy he's busy I'm busy
you know we've been filming we've been
doing like appearances and shelves and
shit but you decided to stop by for a
visit he wants to go poo right now and
he left his phone out here he's like oh
I left my phone so I was like I I got an
idea right so I made a sandwich out of
his phone and it's a befo knee sandwich
ah
no yeah cold for take-out
now take that ever so uh me and Erica
chilling right we're bored right so uh
we decided to uh reach into our pockets
right you grab this money right these
strippers all over the place right now
ain't no bitches make it hurt
be afraid in the shade chantarangsu one
day one day one day Sunday and we're
going to this restaurant my mom heard
about it's called castaway I don't
really know what it is or what kind of
food it is it was Tom Hanks Wilson
Castaway restaurant it's up on like the
top of this mountain in like LA Beverly
Hills area got pops over there looking
at the menu what dude Tom Hanks Tom
Hanks is not here yet
no got my mom over here and then we got
the beautiful view of LA in the
background there it's kind of nice it's
kind of nice she wants to be the grandma
here that Chia they're drunk here's the
view from the restaurant kind of nice
looking over LA and Burbank Sun setting
over there
get these couples over here cupcake gave
me a romantic kiss and she's probably
doming him up and yeah man it's nice
nice little spot decided to take him
somewhere nice for a family night you
know San and you know get my parents
drunk maybe if they make a baby they'll
stop harassing me to make one so I'm
here shooting a skit with this guy enjoy
yourself my name is Lawrence we're tied
to get tied up together
I am I met this dude like years ago my
first a little tour
your eyes and Kaaba modern which is
where you might recognize America's Best
Dance the Amana no shoes crew over here
soon all skin here so a lot of y'all ask
me Tim how is it that you balance all
this shit that you do because obviously
I've been really busy lately especially
hotty balance all this shit that you do
and like life and you know family and
all that stuff and the fact of the
matter is it's really difficult I've
been working so much these past couple
weeks my condo is a mess let me show you
look at this shit look at this shit I
got shit all over my shit okay um I got
these these papers right here are all my
tax papers I had to file an extension
cuz I didn't have time to get all my
receipts and shit together in time over
here we have about three weeks of
laundry which I haven't done I have no
underwear right now I have like no clean
underwear cuz I just haven't gotten
around to doing any laundry and yeah I'm
just a mess man over here we have a pile
of unpaid bills
and tickets it's just hard to find a day
or two to just get all that little shit
essential life shit done when I'm
running around and shooting so much you
know I just I need like a I need like a
maid and an accountant and and a chef
and like a personal toenail clipper and
pube shaver the royal pain is the clean
your highness
Thank You King shit they don't kill me
me see not a ho she got some class like
summer is we breathing hot and heavy
something like this and moldings my sex
is hard-of-hearing
I make her come again I see that
