guess what I'm in the studio recording
which you've all been asking for on
every vlog I'm finally putting my verse
down so you can finally put this shit
out do ya do you can you believe it
we're finally getting this song done
this is what's your name bro Seth dad
and yeah finally getting this shit done
okay go to my first go to my personal
members oh oh oh guys you've never heard
this my anaconda don't want none unless
you got butt so I'm driving around
trying to find a place to eat and I
found the best market check this out
check it out guys it's the veg meat
market so you know you can get some beef
curtains and some roast beef and and
everything smells like fish and okay I'm
done now I'm on my way to the YouTube
space to help shoot something for this
comedy week shit they got going on I'm
not really actually even sure what I'm
doing but
I'm finally here at the YouTube space I
found it after being lost for a little
bit
I'm here with y'all know this dude
insider insider the man who you I'm Ron
Funches watch me on NBC's undateable
with it and I'm also here I'm gonna be
co-hosting this shit whatever this it is
with this chick she just hanging out I'm
fuckin show take this off mark sew it up
and I was like did you look at the
script he's like I'm gonna script so
reading the script he's a dead dude
right so he has no life he's gonna be
literally he's just gonna be laying on
the floor dead I don't be like oh it's
bar from just getting films he's dead
and I thought I think the rehearsals
like three hours
why Belleville gay yeah here we are on
the stage here setting up figuring out
what's going on YouTube comedy week as
you can see right there got a bar doing
his thing down here this thing for
YouTube comedy week those real quick me
and Bart he's on a camera right now this
is what you do when they set up free
crafty for you and you're done
how much to suck my dick I hope that's
great hey Jackie
hey chocolate thing so y'all good
morning it's early it's too early for me
right now man looks like 9 a.m.
actually I went on an audition last week
for the show called them love that girl
I it's a little it's a little part on
one of the episodes and I got the ax and
I got the part I'm like a half an hour
late for my call time though
yo f 405 is no joke bro and like I kind
of overslept a little bit so I'm good
I'm kind of late for this shit hopefully
it's not a problem it's called love that
girl if you ever watch it it's produced
by Tatiana Holley though Ashley banks
hopefully she's their son I can be like
yo I'm trying to be like your fake
cousin I'm all set right now um Stacy
Evans Morgan yeah can you tell we're
happy to be here it's a TV set yes but
we can't tell you what he's top secret
information maybe papa my cheeks
negative alright so I finally knocked
out my part I'm done with the soup and
I'm here all day and crazy shit I was
chilling Justin whom look who I ran into
randomly man what's up y'all what's up
yeah yeah crazy bro it's like my whole
my childhoods coming back to me right
now hey I don't mean to make you feel
old Bravo yo sorry soda all day I'll let
us shit do burger everything dance three
six oh man you did a great job okay
so long ass today but I got a
because in the morning I'm flying to
Dallas Texas to host a club event with
Danny Riel and yeah time to get some SH
reaps good morning I'm heading to the
airport to fly to Dallas for this club
event and I'm a little upset about it
I'm gonna tell you why about a week and
a half ago my boy Ryan and/or as you
commoners know him yeah he uh he called
he texted me he's like hey bro are you
going to this YouTube thing in Singapore
I was like nah I don't even know about
that he's like hey I got an extra ticket
if you want to go and I was like dude
hey Lee I want to go but when he told me
the dates it was the days that chia was
gonna be coming in with her fam and it
was the days of this Dallas event that I
already booked and signed the contracts
for to do and all that shit so excuse my
language - and next thing I know Ryan
and Chester and Andrew they're
instagramming pictures of them chillin
with Jessica Alba like chillin by the
pool just being silly with Jessica Alba
it's okay it's okay
it's all good I'd rather be with my boo
in Jessica Alba anyways and I mean I
guess I guess Dallas is better than
Singapore so I texted and you asking him
if he was having a good time in
Singapore and he sent me this video how
can I not be jealous you're going to
Singapore oh that's my dad took the
extra ticket and leave mom at home
thumbs up
right not we get for love somebody guess
what it's gonna be made how will a boy
with a dream have my head in the clouds
yeah now I'm sleeping first class got
the bed in the cloud oh uh sorry just
landed in Dallas and I met up with oh
hey is that my mustache you a question
is Danny real world famous gogo model
blogger extraordinaire party we're
hosting this club event together and yes
I never smelled like a dirty penis I
make sure my whole body can be funky and
my big smells like potpourri and herbal
essences we out here we in Dallas what's
up bro are you Debbie Ann all right
we're out
where we at the ants ants they took us
to a place with samurais these racist
motherfuckers and with our first night
in Dallas
drinkin appetizing Yellin and cheers
Cheers
and yeah man Texas without yeehaw
what are you doing so we out here
fuckers in Dallas and it's like food on
food on food you know how I hate Buffalo
Wild Wings this shit right here is good
though this year right here is Bonnie
good stuff you hate it too
I'm Dwight right it's not even done any
real how's that I'm tired sexiest in the
Royal penis is clean your highness Thank
You King shit
oh my god get it from the base so even
if you're not big it just looks
triumphant and powerful we don't stand
my shit since the kind of like curves to
right I got like a Leaning Tower of Pisa
type thing going on
