turnabout's of Brno yeah that's what I
got but I'm gonna hit the bar and I'm
still gonna take like five shots yeah
yeah with the buco and the Asus we get
up my boy and you with the glasses yeah
I tell me where the keys are comes of
mattress on a drink getting drunk with
the deeds are you know who we are at the
video shoot and this must three stars
here I do it one time
I can open your eyes take you wonder by
wonder over sideways and under on the
magic carpet ride oh you know what would
make me love this serenade so much more
large y'all I'm turning the camera on so
whoever doesn't want to be on YouTube
cover your face we're gonna dis man she
nephew cousin young uns I've never been
to Disneyland and Rick's here that you
know to be the fifth wheel we would have
been just the four of us it would have
been perfect but then you know she was
like hey does Rick want to come and I
was like I don't know hey Rick do you
want to come and Rick was under the
impression that we didn't have an even
number and so now you know we're gonna
have to do the whole so I did you want
to know I'm scrambling texting freaks
Disney fruits so I'm walking trying to
be romantic with gia and it's not like a
rolls up on me with a camera vlogging
with no warning my family you know
about to say no sad house but mom is
cooler Maya's mom stay two of a chia fam
la Tour extravaganza got the little ends
in the back once again hey got the boo
thing and the passenger seat shotgun
flashing passengers and stuff because
we're aging we're going crazy we turn it
up and we're all the other slang words
going to Universal Studios Hollywood
today and yeah should be should be an
extravaganza right back extravagant
again oh and no Rick today cuz Rick
didn't want to be the fifth wheel
anymore
it's all your fault you made him feel so
embarrassed a little like a shooter ride
by himself you today give a yo that shit
was so embarrassing all your fault
you're horrible bad pork and good what
no one's gonna tip you know I love you
bro love you bro love you thanks man
thank you very much I go away
and to another fan
what up you're in the vlog and over at
Universal Studios and how's it going and
we should took a picture with me and she
yeah yeah yeah and you know girl thank
you thank you haha okay so guys we just
got done with the King Kong ride right
and the being shut off like the bus
won't start so now we're like stuck in
the middle of the of the King Kong ride
isn't this cool so I'm taking out the
trash at my condo complex right check
this out come on brah that's just
laziness man it's like it's not even
filled up come on really
really oh oh you have a white thing on
your hey man these purple dots are
really stupid
what are you talking about you can't see
him I think it's like a pixel oh oh oh
can't make a wish okay can I just say
thank you to you all in the house that
like you gotta get in the shade I'll let
see you live in fact cuz if I get in
that light uh-uh horrible I got some
month forehead my nose it's bad it's not
good but um shout out to everybody cuz
those mad fans at Disney I'm like I
didn't know it was gonna be grad night
that night at Disneyland and it was like
every line was like meet and greet you
know I'm saying um you know sorry if I
was in a rush and I couldn't you know
take pictures with everybody but
obviously you know I'm with her family
her I'm not gonna just be like you know
I can't have my girls waiting waiting uh
not knowing what to do what if somebody
came in like kidnapped her is that this
is not time to check out your hair this
is a long time
but it's up to everybody that said
what's up at Disneyland and took a
picture and wanted to take a picture and
and yeah shouts everybody Universal -
and shout to everybody in Canada good
morning good morning good morning I had
to leave the kids and the boo behind cuz
I'm waking up bright and early it's 6:30
in the moaning moaning and I'm in
Hollywood to shoot some promo spots for
a while now violin violin violin and
given you know I was with the fans and
the girls but duty calls and it's not
always my duty to please that booty
sometimes I gotta make this money I'm
thinking all right guys we're all set on
set rasca Mikey day boss man himself
whoa shooting this promo spot for a
while now twitch comes out July 9th yeah
- no no get a little Duvall here on set
what's that and it's going down well
else we're out of youtubers what's that
what's that
yeah yeah we all the same right up here
no I'm so your hair doesn't look stupid
you have your you killuminati shirt on
you have your hair pooped out
Isaiah how you doing bro looking fresh
haircuts Crush t-shirt ladies if you're
15 and under and wanna holler hit this
dude up and and uh mm just doing some
family bonding before I ship them all
back to Canadia finally get some peace
of mind it's been fun and look at this
little hooch you can see her bra come on
come on
appropriate
dan you got caught what an anticlimax
African fight all right so the final
night of Xie Pham extravaganza we're
mixing it up with chantarangsu Monday
Sunday Funday dad my parents are the
only people that want to get drunk right
now we got as 15 but we get him John
soon
sorry Carla and everybody's you know
just going in makes me food a little
local spot and I figured I'd take them
to a legit Mexican spot since you know
up there in Canadia they don't get that
real Mexican stuff right so um yeah man
just a bunch of bad family bonding and
she is drunk the Royal penis is clean
your highness Thank You King shit
