oh when you I saw I'm back on the set
for a furchesters video I left the
interview from earlier for the
documentary and now I'm here back on set
hey Tommy Tommy hey so what are we doing
up your time somebody got us a little
present from let's just say they owe me
some something you know Mildred no no
that's crazy
oh my yo Mildred is crazy so it's
getting late we're gonna skate wait
we're getting sleepy
Chester's shooting this scene I haven't
even shot my part yet but you wearing
the flip-flop but I'm wearing I don't
want to I don't want to kill the
surprise I'm gonna give me away no whoa
did that scare you guys I just want to
share with you the fact that I still
have no power in my condo the whole
condo living area and like all the
condos have no power they're trying to
fix it I feel like I'm the only one that
stayed and isn't staying in someone
else's house I probably should just went
to my parents house and chill but like
I'm just gonna pack oh I'm gonna Vegas
tomorrow with Rick randomly we're going
to Vegas so trying to pack in the dark
I had to shower by candlelight I can't
even like you know it's crazy how much
you rely on technology you know I'm
saying like I have no music I have no
like you know no life I can't see shit I
have I just the condo is completely
quiet and it's kinda just left me alone
with my thoughts which is kind of cool
you know kind of felt good to be
released from technology for a little
bit
not for the shit it's
aside from the fact that it's dark like
it's not bad like I don't need to be
plugged in all the time yes I do
so now I'm gonna try to like jag off by
candlelight oh that actually sounds kind
of romantic you know lights and candles
lotion my body yeah
masturbate to my imagination of like you
know it's probably gonna be like crazy
shit man I got a weird imagination it's
gonna be everything from like old ladies
to nurses to to fairies and like oh
maybe that blue chick from Avatar
mmm good night so as you can tell by the
music it's time to turn up cuz me Eric
are going to Vegas for no real reason
and this is my dad's party music right
here and it's just sick severe that my
dad's up are using six o'clock guys who
look at you now look at us oh my God
look Richard
switch a'lamin beautiful Las Vegas or
Sin City as the locals call it I don't
know if you ever heard of that but it's
called Sin City
let's take a cute little tour of the
room because it's kind of nice check it
out we got the little vanity mirror we
got this sexy motherfucker right here we
got the bath room we got this sexy
motherfucker right here let's see we got
couch and table and a desk and a bed
big old bed we got a TV and we got a
nice view of the strip it's over there
but still it's a nice view it's a nice
little view and um yeah other than that
oh we got this sexy motherfucker right
here so I'm walking around the strip
Rurik and ran into some fans with sub
row
- Colie
shoutout to k-e - closing yeah man Vegas
was good yeah yeah - what's going
through this new club the homeboy I
stand where swarm Stan Lopez hit him up
if you ever make it up and this
motherfucker is tiny like me you can
always like your perfectly tailored
suits I can never find suits this tiny
that fit my secret episode got it let me
just have you always be a club hackathon
at the MGM Grand
oh excuse me sir we bout to what eat
turnips as they say from the aborted
justice cover those on WorldStarHipHop
so I'm back home and it's Mother's Day
so I got my mom this present check it
out
hi mom likes monkeys so I bought her
this it's like a monkey saw the Sun and
mom and then when you open it okay put
it but there's a there's a ticket to
Thailand to get to Thailand under one
condition
yeah with that three months at least
alright so I don't know if you all know
this but I hate Buffalo Wild Wings like
I think it's disgusting
I've had it two times both times I
didn't enjoy it it literally angers me
when I see people posting about how much
they love Buffalo Wild Wings and Oh get
some B doves I'm like gross I'm
disgusted but I've had twice I'm gonna
try it one more time just to see if
maybe the other places just weren't
cooking it right or maybe he just was a
maybe my taste buds were off that day or
something like that because I love wings
okay so I want to make sure I'm not
trippin here you know Rick are you a fan
for me launch of hot wings all day wings
stop is the shit especially for a chain
of wing places wing stop is on point
that lemon pepper is crazy but you know
I'm gonna give it another chance yes
here we go
I'm gonna try it out again here at
Buffalo wack wings we're gonna see if
this is good but you know we'll see man
we'll see the beer samples were
delicious
Wow like it's cool like it's good but it
just doesn't I don't know man man I
still say wings stop over this I left
the business and you give me up to grab
a drink before he leaves for Vancouver
having a drink with Andrew before he
goes to that you're going to Canada and
gia flies in tomorrow the Royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
