good morning y'all I am super sleepy I
just left this 9:00 a.m. haircut I went
to bed at like 6:30 because I was like
answering emails and paying bills and
like whenever I was gone for like two
weeks so whenever I get back home I have
to kind of play catch up and get back to
life back to reality at the Starbucks
getting business done and I ran into a
fan hi for you cool yay for Germany yay
donkey thank you so Mary Beth with my
public pick me up in the first meetings
online guys oh my god you're so what's
what's the magazine that is evil
magazine evil magazine sweet online
magazine word and you know just get some
grub here and get some fish and dessert
right there
the last thing I got to do today doing
this little photo shoot on top of a roof
I got brought one of my jackets from
home this is real chinchilla and no you
know what this is remember that dog from
earlier Busby's just remember that dog
from earlier we like we actually got a
whole bunch of them oh my god you're
ruining my joke Busby Busby ruin my joke
stupid dog can y'all can y'all look at
this here I have no gas and can we take
a second to look at the freeway
situation right now and also on top of
that I got a poo
so bad I've been holding the pool since
the morning I'm not used to being up
early in the morning I usually pull it
like you know I'm saying 11 o'clock
after I wake up I've been doing shit all
day so I haven't able to do my shit all
day I do bleep oh right now I'm going
with my parents to pick up the end the
new Fiesta for the Fiesta Movement my
fiesta I'm gonna pick it up right now
it's not Monday fun day it's actually
it's today it's Wednesday it's hump day
no wait oh it's Thursday it's past home
day
it's my new car the addition the newest
addition to the family Ford Fiesta
Movement all day
indeed did a friend in need yeah me
friend see one can see corner my don't
need went Bend fake friends countrymen
might been pointing dinger Oh Paco gente
Mesa donkey
that's why I didn't care Rick Peter
Eric Kenan can under guy to me have fun
tip Simonton no to corn my I'll put my
my so now that I've got my Ford Fiesta
on deck then it's time to empty out the
fusion because I'm gonna just give it to
my parents so they can you know like I
don't know trade it in or you know I'll
probably get him a new car or something
what do you guys think I should name my
my new Fiesta here now remind you my
Audis name is Miley because she's a
white girl that can't work this Fiesta
here he's black he's slick so I don't
know no dad the fusion is yours forever
now um take it do whatever you want
we're gonna do well you do keep me the
town on an empty casting Raquel walking
through target right on buying super new
video and uh I ran into fans now there
take a picture Maree
how's my practice know this is a YouTube
bro this is YouTube I know it's alright
so we just wrapped our part and now
Andrew and I are actually heading to the
club
it's like Brian Pat that's Brian please
close Brian who suppose Pat Lam I am
these are all you know dancers if you're
not familiar
Brian sexy ass Brian poop owes the and
oh we bout to go turn up for about an
hour and a half or so you know I'm
saying we're gonna get oh we're gonna
get crazy crazy
that just got me a million
guess what guys I get home after the
club and for whatever reason the whole
condo complex has no power so I'm just
kind of chillin by the fire mad hungry
right I'm trying to cook this hot dog
over the fire right now but it's so hot
dude it's like uh-oh what it's cooking
it's cooking oh shit then I put on this
tortilla right here now that is the sin
that be Jezebel in who you wanna tell
when the repercussions spin showing off
your ass cuz you're taking this train
girlfriend let me break it down for you
again cause I'm surely genuine baby girl
minimum I mean I'm about to get
interview food for a documentary about
vlogging it is what I do it's what I do
see there's a camera crew there and yeah
listen to this I was just asking Timmy
what he wears for cologne because I hate
your like Tim he's like a fashionable
guy he has his own clothing line goody
check it out links below pick yourself
some awesome bunch of bags we got no I
got you one of your shirts I like it but
I asked him I said what kind of Cologne
you are which like the good stuff to
wear and he says he doesn't wear a clone
cuz he's worried that what if somebody's
like allergic to it
so that's the kind of heart you're
dealing with a lot of girls are just
like ill cologne well that's the thing
like I was like come on here here smell
my office right now tell me they don't
smell good
it does smell good I got right up in
there yeah yeah degree how's your girl
dog
she's good dog isn't it married that's
the plans talk about this
that's Eun when are you gonna have
babies um here's this ideally like what
you know what I was sitting with at
dinner with my parents one night it
might have like to Mike my girlfriend
Chia he's like so when when do you think
you'll be ready for grandkids she's like
I don't know anytime see your parents
longer they want them bad my mom's like
don't even get married have kids
oh so anyways but that's like when do
you think you'll be ready to say I don't
know my dad's like I gave you three
years three and I was dead serious and
you know at first were like man it's
weird but you know uh it doesn't seem
like doesn't sound too crazy right
you know I kinda I got my shit together
like she'll read it out by then like if
she was to get pregnant I wouldn't even
be trippin man I'm trying to catch up to
you you better hurry you need to have a
pair of triplets catch up just that what
is she gonna bout to LA yeah that's the
plan I want to meet you Chia I love you
yeah well you don't get that I'm sorry
the Royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
