what's up y'all so I'm actually in Shias
car in Shias town because I flew out
here for Canadian Thanksgiving which is
on Sunday and yeah they celebrated
Thanksgiving in October weird I know and
um she's at work so I have to take a cab
from the airport to her salon and
originally I was kind of like I want to
like vlog her behind the scenes like
doing the nails and shit but then like
when I walked through the door
she was like doing the lady's toes and I
was like maybe this lady doesn't want
her toes on YouTube like that so I just
put the camera down
so anyways I'm driving to cheese house
just gonna lay out until she gets off
work you know just kind of like cleaner
place up and do her dishes and make sure
dinners on the table and put on some
sexy lingerie maybe those Speedos would
like the elephant the elephant trunk as
the penis area and I just be sprawled
out on the couch ready for her you know
like the perfect little house house
Beyonce like hey what's up baby come get
you some of this here alright she's
about to come back home someone make
sure she comes home to a special treat
as you can see I shaved my legs and I am
ready to partay that actually I don't
see my legs I just I don't I don't grow
hair on my legs like that it's Asian
thing you know I'm saying
actually that's like there's some Asians
or some hairy legs I just don't I just
don't grow hair like that boy look at
the mama get care hmm just look at these
muscles Gus come on son just formation
homie
baby
chillin yeah is this the first time I've
been back to your home city since I
proposed
I think because in Toronto and then you
came to LA and then oh my gosh this is
our first time back no no no the only
proposing
August July 21st oh my god
was it oh yeah yeah you write what I am
hi are you late are you wearing the ring
know what you're not even wearing Cheers
cease oh hello so do we celebrate that
anniversary of that know so many
universities you know first time I
proposed for our what I got you did when
I made you my girlfriend anniversary
yeah the first time we made sweet sweet
love you'll be impressed with this Emma
you know I taught her how to food porn
so nice I know you learned all your food
porn skills for me damn like that like
that damn alright let's see if this is
worthy of my sin foods Instagram okay
default look at this one
okay alright not bad not bad damn yeah
yeah you learned I taught you well okay
thank you pretty good I taught you how
to porn it up you know so now I can make
the title
I teach Chia how to do porn even though
we're talking about food porn
everything to set it because here's
thing you guys always say tam you don't
need to clickbait with titles and
thumbnails and then what happened on the
last vlog where I went to go eat amazing
lobster with with Trey and Jay boy y'all
fucking $500 25 pounds of lobster what's
the thumbnail
kasib use trash as views since I didn't
have a blackboard Chia or cheese but so
let me see these armpits huh no but you
do get needle you can know this laser
work done they'll in no I'm just gonna
see these aren't fits cuz you keep you
get a laser it's let me oh my god hey
okay okay
yo they him zoom up on all these pigs
looking right back up so there's a
pretty Ash Street here we're gonna take
pictures of Chia for her blog Just
Peachy dot see oh look at this look like
you go into a little job interview and
the matrix
never ever um here's some tips for you
guys when you're doing job interviews is
um you always make the company feel like
they're special like you chose them okay
so when they ask you why do you want to
work with Burger King you say shit like
you know what out of all the fast-food
places Burger King is like my favorite
place to eat out let's feel like you
guys offer the best quality service
customer service and I'm such a people
person so I feel like I'd be best for
your company because you guys are always
so good with people your burgers are
like my favorite you say shit like that
you make the company feel special that's
one of things they taught me in my ROP
like get a job and do that at the end
all day by myself at Scheels place while
she works and brings home that money I'm
gonna show y'all how to finesse some
leftovers all right so we got this
leftover spaghetti that she cooked then
we got some leftover spaghetti squash we
got some bread we got half an avocado
and we got some leftover salad here
so first I'm taking the spaghetti squash
cold and I'm gonna lay it down on here
like a little coleslaw
you know warmed up the spaghetti sauce
mmm
oh yeah it's like a sloppy joe sloppy
joe sloppy sloppy joe sloppy joe slap
slap a Joe Lee sloppy joes laughs how
sloppy joe that's from an older SNL Adam
Sandler skit if you ain't no I'm gonna
take these old wilted leaves trying to
find one that try to find something that
is still kind of crispy Doremon is here
a little health to this bit you know man
I do that little leftover avocado on
there it's lit bro it's everyone's shit
looks like it could be like a real like
restaurant sandwich though it's just got
a fire coma let's take a little by
little box on that bit but BOM know
people love negativity I'd love to see
you harm your soul of debauchery
people love goats is that a baby goat
can I touch it is this why is this here
I I don't know I'm thoroughly confused
did you know this was not cool can you
come you why is this happening kick them
cake then I'm so pissed
did you know this was happening I don't
know I'm thankful I you know don't Teil
beg here that's the cutest thing I've
ever seen in my entire life you gotta be
kidding she doesn't even like him okay
yes of course
is that a good or a bad thing it's gonna
good go go
it's just gonna heat and Robin on these
questions on my background my Oh lay
down on your bed yeah you have all that
food and you won't use them paver you
swear he's not gonna hurt me
he's so I think just Dickens me here got
some questions for you
he's a literally eating the questions
yeah you gotta you gotta you gotta take
the Joey do that I wasn't getting your
bag with money okay
you
