they have to work I'm sorry for me
toy for me babe talk about driving babe
drive to work happy Cinco DeMayo guys
what what is what are we celebrating
right now jaunty self-worth tick
Orthodox Easter and irritants Orthodox
mrs. M yes okay so it's Orthodox Easter
or you pick up some alcohol and some
hardcore Arbor mist for my alcoholic
girlfriend and wine coolers I got juice
and then then I'm gonna go have some
more in G Robin even injera like all
week and then uh and then I had some
like raw beef stuff with her dad and
it's like it's like literally raw beef
that you eat with the injera stuff and
good yeah not for you I'm trying to tell
her if I'm gonna take her all over the
world she needs to learn to expand her
taste buds and try all types of weird
shit but what a stereo what a half
stereotype okay
so basically the only reason I'm really
with cheer is for the free manicures
she's so good to show the via the gun
fingers so these are the gun she does
her nails gun fingers and why are they
yeah this cheese about to give me a
pedicure oh my gosh I've never had
nobody touching my feet like this ever
in my whole life this is crazy this is I
can tell we're soul mates because I was
so develop looking toe up there's no way
our love will be defeated
because I put I put our love up on a bed
stool pedicure yeah we do because since
you're gonna be sucking a little fat
saucy little Vienna sausages hypothesis
damn you know we should eat after this
toast I'm gonna say Tony Roma's but yeah
that works you know who would play a
good
you're high almost like I've seen is on
the dumber makes me feel like I can't
live without ya yes my last night and
she took this was really kind of quaint
really a fun little spots called la
bodega they got like this giant screen
outside they got this really kooky
artwork on the walls I'm like look check
this out this is lobster poutine yo
that's crazy I know it looks disgusting
but it's so good I got my fancy little
little boo here it's kind of dark you
can't see her but I know she has these
like sexy just got out of jail I want to
love you but I'll beat this bitch up if
she looks at you
thug trysts goddess look right now I'm
about to go in on this day right now and
then go back home p90x insanity yoga
weights starving myself all that shit
it's like cuz if she if she told me if I
get fat she'll break up with me right I
believe you I believe you
which is good cuz I feel like it's like
that means she thinks I'm cute you know
I'm saying the fact that she says she'll
dump me if I get fat me she thinks I'm
cute right now you know I'm saying um
she gained like 30 pounds I know it's
just all gonna go to her cakes so I'm
good baby
eat up eat this shit right now extra
cheese please
it's time for me to leave Canadia head
back to LA get back to work write these
scripts write these lyrics turn up
turn up so I'm gonna hop on this plane
fly back to LA get this business done
get this work get these checks turn up
and you know a dead rabbit
so guys oh man
man let me see Sousou my show my show
camera and I look at my mom's new shirt
guys look at the monster shirt okay so
uh as always back to the grind just
landed yesterday but I'm back on it I'm
here with hey man see what's up oh oh
hey I don't know who you are if they
don't know who you my name's Mike
Tompkins
he makes cool music and has cool hair
and a deep V and you know just on set
shooting this little thing here and yeah
right have makeup on look who I ran into
over here while shooting and you know
she went and she's like too cool for me
now so we don't kick it she's like off
kicking it with but we haven't texted in
my whole weeks
I know as your father we miss each other
we do I really like I can't physically
grow a mustache so I just want to be a
cool hipster guy so I'm up here at the
merch Offices of maker once again okay
the goodie offices aka two cakes booty
shorts offices and check it out y'all we
got a new shirt coming out a new goody
shirt peep that you know it's like a
whole long together focus on a little
design there goody
you know we wanted something to really
represent the whole California vibe you
know I'm saying so you got the palm
trees you got the little Asian girl
hands don't forget y'all cakes all that
ass booty shorts I might have a hole I'm
doing something I'm doing something
crazy just wait just wait I'm gonna be
the next Hugh Hefner of this shit just
wait I'm gonna have a cakes mansion this
is gonna be crazy and you're invited
so I want to close this vlog out just by
addressing that um you know some of the
comments in the last vlog kind of
irritated me a little bit you know and I
may be a little fake breakup video and
at home you know it's just you know
after years of doing this show on
YouTube you know I preached all the time
like he who angers you controls you and
you shouldn't let just a random-ass
person just get under your skin you know
and and I people talk shit all the time
I don't care and it's and it's always
when people want to assume that they
know stuff about my life when they have
no right to make that assumption that
always kind of irritates me you know I'm
saying um but then I realized that I put
this shit up for you guys you understand
I pulled my life out there for you guys
or segments edited portions of it
anyways and this is like TV for y'all
you know I'm saying this is like TV for
y'all so obviously you're gonna watch I
mean you're gonna form opinions you're
gonna speculate
you're gonna assume I mean that's what
people do when they watch TV you know
I'm saying you wanna figure out the
characters you want to like you know
point out things and maybe someone else
didn't notice you know me this is this
is my life I'm saying I know I'm I know
I'm happy if y'all want to make if y'all
want to have fun with it you know I
shouldn't even be letting it bug me like
that man good comment whatever you want
and this is this is more than anything
this was a lesson for me to kind of
remind myself to not get caught up in
reading comments all the time you know
I'm saying that letting you get under my
skin like that cuz it's really pointless
and alright I mean I was it I just
wanted to address it I love you guys
thank you for watching whether you
whether you love it or whether you love
goodnight the Royal penis is clean your
highness thank you
King shit
