like all right so I'm walking around
like New York Times Square area trying
to find like food with the homie and I
ran to some fans hi hi how you guys
doing with the homie yeah we're at some
random ass spot in Times Square it's
cool it's cool I'm full about to pass
out go home put on some pornography and
jag off and go to sleep
and that's my night baby New York what's
that good morning New York City it's
nice and gloomy today it's a gloriously
gloomy glob of a glutton yeah hey it's
all about to watch this musical is
immense allow me listen homey
sorry bro sorry I just met him what a
dick don't keep got to watch this
musical right now
Swink star so good morning y'all once
again I'm not really talking cuz I don't
want the cab driver to hear me and think
I'm crazy but I'm taking a cab to Queens
to get my haircut even though it's not
long I got to look fresh cuz I'm gonna
see chi in a couple days you know I'm
saying
gotta look good yeah bro rich barbershop
and Woodside Queens you know I got to
get fresh real quick cuz I'm going to
see cheetah right after I leave New York
so I got to look real fresh you know I'm
saying so uh right right now yeah his
mom give me a facial and she did all
types of hey she's all types of painful
steps in my face like oh you would need
all you need she's my sister
uh-huh that's her as any we use this
roller oh my goodness I was like
apparently it was I'm like yo he was
scary for him everything
so had this type of restaurant in Queens
six years behind on six years mr barbour
super sexy ass you know just discussing
life discussing girls discussing careers
and shit and having some good man time
after getting my facial you know then
and but I'll never be as pretty how dope
is this the hotel that I'm staying in
has a laundry room which is perfect for
me because you know I've been away for
like a week now
I got funky ass clothes that need to be
washed so I can be all fresh and and
clean-cut clean-cut and my face is
looking nice and shiny and bright for
Chia I'm gonna have fresh clothes fresh
drawers imma bring Ryan bang dong to
Canada to grab Mitchell great i'ma bring
this dude to Canada with me so he can
watch me and she had like video
recorders and it's just gonna be a
perfect weekend with my baby man right
bro I'm good perfect
so I'm sitting on the plane kind of mad
right now cuz I went to sleep thinking I
was gonna wake up in Canada and then I
woke up and the plane hasn't even moved
it like come on man I'm upset I'm trying
to see my baby I'm so angry right now
I'm so pissed off
hey guys bitch yeah
damn it ever since the first moment I
spoke your name from then on I knew that
by you being in my life things were
destined to change his love
here we go here we go so she got me
doing yoga p90x yoga as you can see oh
yeah got me what am i doing right now
and I got the toe lock going I'm pretty
ass toes toes all right yoga toe toe
lock see that so luck
oh oh okay bridge skills okay I can do
that guys I flew all the way to Canada
and she is leaving me to go to stupid
work okay quick quick sanity big sweet
sweet babe do you love me or not yes
then twerk for me twerk for the camera
it's work come on the Royal penis is
clean your highness thank you King
Cheers
I'm in caramel find me with the hot dogs
gay lady enemy in out of Chaka it
okay now I'm tearing up the gotta take a
face change like a possible Picasso you
came
