I'm at a birthday and now we're on a
boat super romantic just sit on my
reasoning peach margaritas Tim peach
margarita
Oh God organized Oh got the captain back
there's arrows and I'm the captain with
the cap won't you uh why'd you come all
aboard
oh come all aboard aren't you
once you get ready for the seamen put on
this condom
Omar view only the holy sucker if you
don't do it you're not part of this
group Toby's gay yeah don't eat your
game you know you're not a part of - but
if you do it you're gonna call me don't
you
so sorry yeah and we're sipping peach
margarita
I'm here with it's a real deal dollar
the waterways Birds man over these two
bars up in a tree he will bird
yeah so he needs up let's go man I just
want to say I love you guys thanks for
watching
and I'm on a boat so yeah
which also it's right and early after
yacht night and I'm going to shoot this
thing to my actually my first Fiesta
Movement mission I'm gonna interview
American Idol contestants ask them a
bunch of silly questions and whatnot I
got Rick here is camera man and yeah man
it should be fun and yes guys you can
stop commenting on my half mustache I
decided not to shave for like a week or
so and this is as far as it gets right
here doesn't it that's it come up but
I'm hoping I might just have to get like
an eyebrow pencil and show this shit in
there because hey it's not it's just not
it just doesn't come in all the way the
rig has cool as like further shit
alright job so I'm on set just kind of
waiting to interview these American Idol
contestants I already interviewed a few
of whom and we're just chilling and then
Rick noticed up here these cloaked
figures right looks creepy as shit
they're actually just umbrellas but you
know how scary is that dude imagine just
chilling
I want you that deep down inside of me
so we're back to Monday Sunday Funday
dinner right
and we're switching it up what you call
Asian soul food you know I'm saying we
got this fried chicken and I tell you
how ghetto this is this isn't even the
whole chicken piece this is the parts of
the chicken we don't use at the
restaurant that my mom fried out so we
get some fried fish you know what kind
of fish
what kind of fish so so fish hope you
got some greens basically and then we
got some you know some crab fried rice
right here so um we got my soul daddy
soul mama
Yolo Yolo Yolo guys so uh me and Rick
just got back from the gym and I decided
to stop by my boys super egos house for
juice so Eric's cat magneto
plays fetch this is so cool but you
probably know this if you watch Eric's
vlogs but if you don't do air do it do
it do it
that's so tight so it is about a bitch
all my ways at his suit and some dude
comes rolling up beside me he's like hey
you're tired get out the car to check
the tire he's talking about and it's
flat
so immediately gotta fix this tire I was
um I was like totally on time to this
shoot in saying I'm looking all cute um
I wasn't prepared to be sweaty like I'm
not even wearing a t-shirt on this thing
because it's a small sweater and like I
can't now I'm getting all sweaty change
it tight what sucks is literally like
two weeks ago I had an alert in my car
said hey you should check your tire and
I looked in my tires I'm in it's just
straight
it's not even flat and now it's flat and
now I'm dirty and I'm not helping
everything I hope it is okay I like
changed moments higher makes me feel the
tire the space in the back was too tiny
for the tires I put the tire in the back
seat come on man oh I'm on set right now
shooting this thing for I'm here with
and we're doing a small funny little
things she's got a whole set back here
people doing stuff Steve Greene's back
there get me coffee
super funny super funny stuff stay tuned
for that
what can they find you at an elective on
YouTube or video or anyone weird follow
follow subscribe all that stuff watch
you torture him some more mm-hmm you
look banging by the way oh I am bangin
you got Sun from an Instagram thing
gonna you know yes okay so real quick
while I'm editing this vlog I'm gonna be
in New York this Friday April 26th cuz
I'm gonna be hosting the Kappa Phi Alpha
be a
you Asian domination event at Baruch
College
so come through it's like it's like a
big annual cultural show a bunch of
stuff
dancing modeling a bunch of stuff I'm
hosting I'm gonna go out there try and
be funny and and then my homegirl the
lovely Miche Michelle Martinez it's
gonna be closing the show so you know if
your New York City you want to come say
what's up don't worry you don't have to
be Asian come through come have some fun
also if y'all remember a long time ago I
shot a video with with Katie Upton
that's like vlog number 302 I think and
the skits finally out like we're acting
and then it's all about like the rules
of attraction and then we go and like we
go to some party where we sniff people
and like there's all these like white
girls there and extra-tall because they
have heels on and I'm really short oh my
god it's been a week and a half since I
put up torque sanity on my main channel
which feels like forever in YouTube time
you know I'm saying so I need to get
back to work back to it thanks for
watching I love you thanks for you know
supporting I love you the Royal penis is
clean your highness thank you King shit
