Oh y'all know how it is qian tang soo
monday sunday funday my mom goes in
salad scrimps fish duck and speaking of
ducks Benji's here doctored man and you
and you always calls benji little duck
yeah that cuz he looks like Chicken
Little you know and even that's chicken
with this is duck anyways mom going in
my yeah so it's like one of those days
where you just want to go to Disneyland
with your homies and like not even hang
out with no girls or like you yeah
cliquez is here guys girl I'm all that
good it's weird when you're sober
singing it it's just a chill day man i'm
happy cuz torque sanity hit two million
views in like four days um got the
homies here and um you know feeling good
rig got me working out and shit i'm
still it's a beautiful freaking day
disneyland's I'm your super-ego please
use your attention to the left and uh
yeah man we're just waiting on everyone
else get here we're gonna go get some my
turkey legs and ride rides and go holler
at Minnie Mouse I'm saying she's thick
there she go many with your cakes
no thank you big rig you get that huh
get that hell I just do and get off my
girl bra get off my girl Peter ghetto
popy he finally decided to show up guys
come on now you wanna kiss me Hey look
at finding is that a soil guys oh look
who finds I saw up guys now you will
kiss me look up here whole time guys oh
now you want massage me is it in it
mm-hmm yep did it gonna go I think it
didn't it'll cool sweet about some
bubble guys and the super cool and now
we're going from disneyland to
california adventures
oh my god
here at maker on a meeting really a
legit business meeting about powerhouse
and how to get on TV and shit like that
and Emma we're at this meeting and we're
watching a watching torque sanity okay
it's real officials real official Oh
guys and speaking of torque sanity look
what we got y'all torque sanity tank top
son since I know you guys wanna you know
like be sexy in the gym get your
twerk-on-twerk sandy t-shirts rodeo okay
calm all right right the dog comes a
little dog for you know barbecue and
shit I saw them up here at maker you
know handling merch shit look who I ran
into oh come on bro you're going in my
video yeah look what these guys are you
doing yeah yeah what's up son what's up
man oh hey anyway who's that hey don't
worry about a dog oh my god Terry Scott
text message it was a dude actually oh I
don't know no dudes named Elizabeth for
whatever oh baby baby baby baby one no
Elizabeth II she's playing here at the
Grove the Prairie Grove out here you
know it's a nice area just going in a
little bit shopping a shitty I'm saying
with the top man the way I can't tell
your ex then you know where I get my
cool clothes that but ran into this cat
right here is what up the the Alpha
catch uh-huh so ya man would you got
nigga right check ten years what you
doing besides waving I'm out here
looking for talented okay no casting
couch and all that stuff that's what we
goin out here are you so nasty now oh
really watch those kind of ghetto York
Road guys peep this fly ass little
collar accessory I picked up man no you
can't have it no you can't do it ah I
did it I did it I did it I did it I did
aa d-did first now I know I didn't do it
first but still um hey there's this kind
of remind you of the angle when Ray J
was having safe Kim Kardashian right
here mmm-hmm remember that Benji have
you seen it I have seen it yeah
she's like oh okay please open it would
you believe me if I said I'm in love
with you believe me Benji Benji what
would you believe me if I said I'm in
love baby we are we are via so we just
went in on some japanese BBQ and what
they do here if they give you like stuff
to make s'mores with and you toast it
over the grill and then you make you a
little more there this is where you
share the stories of how your uncle
touched your booty hole and you were
sleep like a baby's butt yeah that's
what is good I know it's gonna be bomb
Obama Christ
so we in LA our homies far east movement
are performing at a club so we're going
to show some support as you can see
everyone's super hyped to go out right
now and yeah man it should be a good
time
so like I said at the end of the club
it's essential that you get a street dog
at the end of the night brings you out
of town but you already know the rules
got to get a street dog even if you're
not hungry I'm full off BBQ i'm still
getting a street dog cuz it's essential
and no guys I'm not drinking and driving
all right I didn't even drink anything
tonight Omar's on here and Oman I had a
sucker dick taking stupid Benji to the
airport and I got pulled over for
speeding cuz I was trying to get to the
flight on time officer be right there
back there you see that policeman back
there yeah i'ma get a chicken all
because of stupid Benji okay so dude was
nice enough to not write me a speeding
ticket instead I just got a ticket for
using my cell phone while driving
because you know we were like checking
emails and stuff like that and he had he
pulled up right next to me we meet both
vegetable matter falls I was like oh no
but he was cool about it and now it's
time to take Benji home and say goodbye
yeah and I'm kind of excited because in
a couple weeks oh man my favorite month
it's gonna be May oh you get on the
cargo hi Benji love
guys now i'm sad because Benji is good
baby you go yoga maybe yo yo yo yo Ben
I'm gonna make excuses baby the royal
penis is clean your highness Thank You
King shit
