well as you can see Bahamas she's
boarding with you it's been a rail it's
been fun but it's time to go
ready to go home Jim it's lamb
her nose is burnt my nipples are burnt
my body is actually the same color as my
nipples now because I got so tan him and
I didn't put sunblock on my nipples so
it's time to go home
so we're watching Lion King and I got
super high cuz Lion King is on the
Disney Channel right now and do you
remember do you guys remember how sexy
Nala loves when Simba like pins her down
in the grass and she's looking a bad I'm
all seductively if you don't know I'm
talking about my show you right now this
is the I want that sympathy face coming
up hold on a second hold on say it oh
okay oh right here oh right here ah look
at that I remember being a little kid
and thinking there she is looking mom
right now
I remember feeling little sensations in
my little underwear I thinking damn is
this allowed cause like I'm little and
she's a tiger and she's a cartoon I mean
a lion she's a cartoon and yeah so there
it is okay sexy ass another once that
sympathy hakuna sometimes some dog you
know that do you know what I'm thinking
though so I'm ending the vlog and I was
cracking up and how annoyed she looked
at me and I know you guys gonna be like
Tim maybe she's put the camera down she
is getting sick of it and so I texted us
like babe this part is so funny because
you look so pissed at me or just over me
and she was like oh yeah I remember
during Lion King my stomach really hurt
and I was not in the mood to be recorded
so okay so you guys are right and maybe
I should put the camera down sometimes
but it's okay she still loves me we're
good Benji still loves me
right don't worry guys she still loves
me and I hope so anyway
so I'm over here at a boiling crab and
what city is this guy studios Garden
Grove gonna go up and rinse with fans
let's check out here
and this is right here whoo-hoo looks
like a Brock from Pokemon right little
bit huh little bit know what and then a
wild rig appears so rig is hidden in my
bathroom right now and listen to the
song he's listening to
I hit it first I hated I hated I first
rage a so it's crazy right now is like
cars everywhere police everywhere at the
street in front of my condo is blocked
off because someone got shot and killed
about an hour ago and I just found this
out so I'm just trying to get home as
you can see this street is also all
blocked off everything is blocked off
and I'm just trying to find a way around
the block so I can get home but yeah
it's crazy man someone got shot and
killed I don't know the full details but
yeah okay wait hold on I gotta get it in
light now now you're in the vlog I'm at
the restaurant
my dad is setting up to throw a party
dad you ready for this party I'm ready
for five who's this party for yeah you
know you got the restaurant looking all
night
all these young cats ready to party and
grind all night yeah so my dad always
says that when he dies he wants to be
stuffed and posed in a high-five how
it's run in front of my place in a
high-five position like that okay yeah
but then is that you only live once but
then like you're dead so it's like
trying to give me buff and shit hail
Rick is strong
you trying to work me out and sit you
don't saying get me buff cause I'm
getting kind of fat but yeah barbell
brigade so sitting here watching chopped
guess who's back in the sex castle guys
yay Benji two times most here when this
shit yep Benji was the first person I
actually like sleep in this place with
me cuddling and shit now we want cuddle
in but like how long ago is it like ten
months ago eleven months ago I've been
here for almost a year guys that's crazy
right Jim yeah June is when I moved in
and yeah man we're gonna party tonight
Ben she's in town
Angie will be there of course something
you guys love Andrew unfortunately Rick
won't be there okay Rick why aren't you
coming to the club okay Rick's like all
trying to do his own thing now
like what I'm tired of living in your
shadow
so we bout to turn it eat turnips as
they say turn up in the club Benji oh I
usually don't talk shit about this
appreciate anybody being in town I'm
gonna need to turtle the shower glass
here I don't understand a lot of kids
feel like you got a drink to dance and
let loose and stuff like you're really
dumb you know I'm saying Rick goes to
the club he doesn't drink it all we rip
the damned ass off you know I'm saying
right Rick bad is true yeah well yeah
cheers to the freakin
weekend Cheers sometimes you want to go
where everybody knows your name
that's an old sitcom called cheers
Cheers
so after the club after the club you got
to get a tree dog chewed on a good
person now what you got
so it's pandemonium outside the club so
what's the end of the night Benji over
there peeing Benji say what's up we over
here opinion it's a great night it was
fun and my car's right there chillin I'm
just trying to make sure like you know I
peed before the little trip home or
whatever and yeah man was fun night
Hollywood la Greystone and uh yeah okay
some might say yeah passion oh man okay
so Omar in the back here he's new so we
were telling him that if he wants to be
cool me and Benji Monica please oh my
god I'm trying to vlog so me and Ben she
was telling him that if he wants to be
in the group then he needs to suck our
dicks after the club it's not even on no
gay shit it's like look bro if you want
to be cool with us
suck our dicks okay our dick Omar yeah
do you set homey don't play that oh my
no be gay suck our dicks bros oh my god
oh my god oh yeah you're so gay so I
could tell me jizz are you're gay you're
not in the group dog done hundred done
fancy house that Street dog y'all the
street dog amazing unlike Omar well suck
our dick no gas ever digs dog the Royal
penis is clean your highness Thank You
King shit
