do you wanna get free because I'll beat
you I will ever ever made you feel how
cute right are we pick you right I will
hopping like native you yeah they call
me ti my de la GH e TT o Timothy
DeLaGhetto dare to put my name is so
it's the last day on set of internet
icon and we got the yellow sick of them
it's a star set it studied other side
whatever whatever
it's a star-studded side of this table
though guys oh my god my dad has his
first touch screen Donnell and my mom
has a record it's shot the wrong some
Sunday Monday one day got some big old
piece of salmon steak so guess what
y'all after mad filming and lots of
working I finally get to take a little
break my chi Chi comes in today and she
always likes clean bed sheets so I gotta
make sure the sheets are clean for her
right now
nice and fresh guys hi follow her on
instagram follow her on tumblr subscribe
to her youtube channel
miss miss chia cakes makeup guru and
follow her she has bakery and her blog
channel can you imagine if you vlogs all
day every day like this like this
annoying shit I gotta do everything
um I just day as you know my bad
so my dad is driving me and she I hate
on that there guy can't even see you
into the airport we are going to the
Bahamas for a week is it a little bit a
little bit and we're going to the
Bahamas and we're gonna you know lay out
on the beach I got my Brazilian wax my
asshole's nice and clean and sorry
you see dirtier things in front of me
dead okay my no is towel roll
Rick this is Rick celebration and this
is Rick ding-a-ling
I was thinking we can either take a walk
up on the beach to find a place to kick
our feet up where the quesadilla Birds
we got drinks we got water we got hot
sauce it's going down right now we got a
fresh cut
we got hardness hardness pineapples hard
nipples pineapples
going down
check it out guys we're in our room we
got a beautiful view get the beach over
there bunch of trees I mean the view
could be better you know I'm saying we
got a bunch of stupid trees in the way
but still beautiful view
it's here Bahamas
Montego come on pretty mama to Key Largo
all right guys here we are
we woke up finally decided to get some
breakfast oh my god
she had cakes miss cheesecake 69 her
YouTube subscribe Oh
Sano's song oh no that song will start
sharks sorrows
I've got some food over here some little
crazy white kids and you guys this
little drink right here has so much
alcohol in it I have a really high
tolerance but I'm feeling this shit bro
I'm your act
she is so drunk guys she's toe up right
now it's actually some syrup in there
some sizzurp
and you know latencies kool-aid kool-aid
it's kool-aid misma scissor I don't do
drugs but if the Bahamas so we going all
out she's our scissor I popped a couple
mollies and right babe no no no kids
don't do drugs I don't do drugs
I miss my weed I don't know pills pop
tamales when you're drunk guys we had so
many cute little water adventures today
like there was like a lazy river and
Rapids and a big old slide but I can't
bring you guys long because I can't I
can't bring my phone in the water right
yeah cuz it's water like unless I find a
waterproof camera on here
I mean this is the amigas and see the
other side I mean you guys will probably
see some food but I don't know how many
adventures gonna be able to take you on
man sorry yes you're just gonna have to
start making YouTube videos and then fly
to the Bahamas yourself you know say
Verde Islands by discovering Caribbean
fare and this fun casual and colorful
restaurant portion inspired interiors
and outdoor bar oh look at these yachts
son I'm getting one of these I'm getting
one of these after I buy like a big-ass
house and I and I move you out and
everybody's good to go ho a buy you know
friggin yeah ha this is crazy so yeah
man here we are in the beautiful Bahamas
and I just feel so blessed to be able to
even be out here
good food good music good people and man
you know when I think about it man oh
man cuz like you know I used to be broke
as shit you know now I'm a yeah got my
baby with you AC man look at this y'all
cute shit
hi I'm Gia the Royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
