like y'all good morning a mom way to
another shoot I wrote another hood
fairytales I don't know if you guys
remember the Rapunzel skit I wrote but I
wrote one called Little Red Riding ho
it's probably like the craziest skit
I've ever written but also probably the
most like intricate skit I've ever
written so it's gonna be crazy
we're starting this process of turning
me into a wolf she's trying to figure
out what like hair works for my wolf
look what y'all think it's a little bit
riding ho this is the girl plant she is
not a ho she's a but she's playing she's
playing what are you to let me know who
you are they don't know Roberts where
can they find you word and thank you for
being a part of this crazy Skid Row and
the MS should be good we getting ten
million views on this one that you look
very nice hello thank you for uh thank
you for being in this video and wearing
Skippy outfits because it's gonna get
like 20 million views appreciate it
so I'm glad you're not recording right
now if I'm about to tell you after a
long long day my boy Jeremy
hey wha randomly hit me was like hey man
I'm in your hood come say what's up and
I was like yeah I just got a free
concert all right guys it's bright and
early in the morning even though I had a
late night but you know back to the
grind
working hard as always YouTube's life
you know I'm saying and hey guys guess
what I'm doing I'm a part of something
new and exciting will new for me
look look who's here Oh KevJumba your
favorite youtuber is that you're Kevin
hi hello oh hello introduce results in
my vlog viewers I'm Christine Lakin I'm
the other judge I'm the third judge this
year on internet icon okay yeah
what Oh I'm either on set see how
official that was and if you don't know
what this is it's Internet okay sorry
Yoel is a long-ass day man we started at
8 a.m. and we just wrapped at 7 p.m.
this dude nigahiga and yum yum f and and
an internet icon have you worked in all
day you know though like you know what I
realized I'm not happy if I'm not
working
you know I'm saying if I'm not busy I'm
not satisfied I feel like I always need
to be doing something you know I'm
saying and I feel like that's why I'm
you guys always seen you keep him busy
in these vlogs it's because I like to be
busy you know I'm saying I like to keep
myself like I don't I hate working out
but I like knowing that I got a lot of
shit going on you know I'm saying and
when I'm tired after a long day of like
grinding and knowing I'm getting it in
not like you know my penis in vaginas
but getting it in like work like it
makes me happy inside you know I'm
saying so yeah so I'm gonna take a nap
you know how much I got
what the f son Monica it's not the time
it's seven o'clock in the morning right
now and I'm up heading to the second day
of this internet icons ish to shoe hey
you know I understand me it knows it
gives good people man is a good crowd of
the talent we gotta judge people all day
man like I feel like I'm back in school
like working real hours this is all
right so I'm peeing second day judging
internet icon I'm peeing and I ran into
next to one of the contestants here the
shields brothers came with somethin and
your brother let's sing a song about
Justin your booby okay this is day two
of Ikon and it was a long day sit my my
hands on as long day yesterday it's day
two it supposed to be a longer day but
hey man I'm glad to be here hey what's
up bro
how you feeling what let me get the
focus on ya know it's such a good camera
no it's the iPhone camera yeah
no no you looking on are you good bro
I've been working out and you ready for
the Damon I'm so yeah always
and you look lovely guys I'm wearing my
girlfriend on a shirt today you can
actually still buy these at Rodeo arcade
calm to stop by the Audi dealership let
them clean my baby up you know I'm
saying get her nice and washed
I called her Miley Cyrus because she's a
white girl you know I'm saying and she
can't work so I stopped by the I'm King
some clothes Thanks you got the
Beetlejuice pants on why are you so
popular right now I don't know about
Internet no no I'm gonna talk to you
happy but we don't go but we don't got
we got we got we got really jerky we've
literally have a bee eater throw some
D's on that that y'all never this song
okay let me tell you man
this song right here one of my first
performances like ever I did a little
remix in a song like real quick it was
like this dude think he black something
something y'all think something some
right
but anyways needless to say and Rick
Rick was my height man and needless to
say it was one of my first performances
ever I had to like sell tickets to get a
spot to perform on this stage it was
supposed to be like a showcase for all
these like record execs and DJs and said
it's all bullshit they tell these kids
edition Sunday they grind and they sell
these tickets I actually ended up having
to come out of pocket to pay for more
tickets so I could have a spot on this
show okay and hold on paramedics Oh
I came out I like missed the words up I
actually tripped when I first came out
on stage it was not funny no it was
really it was a little it was pretty
embarrassing and like it's crazy man cuz
like that was wait this is bad wait how
I want to say this is like like I want
to say like 6 7 7 years ago like back
when I first first started youtubing
shit I might even want to
like I don't know seven years ago when I
put out the gifts to the AFI with AFI
sample and and it's crazy mana cuz that
song came on I just kind of thought
about like I used to have to pay for to
be on shows where people didn't know who
I was they didn't care and now you know
I'm saying like we've been to Australia
I'm traveling all over the world they
paying me they paying for everything man
people know my words and stuff man and
and it just it feels good and I feel
blessed and I feel fortunate and I feel
validated and all this work is paid off
so thank you guys for holding me down I
think it's no don't be remember you're
clearing stuff no we're going to watch
spring breakers guys good you guys
motion oh yeah diabetes let's go the
Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
