sup y'all and finally here I'm in Austin
Texas this is my view outside my window
got a beautiful view of you know I'm all
or something and yeah man I'm just in
this hotel room
you gotta love free hotel and free
travel man shit
SOI just got done before me and I ran
into some fans or some guys saw this
dude like they f with the music he had
his music on his yeah my music on his on
his thing which is cool one little thing
there Tom on sixth Street with a
Elizabeth now she's a couple of a
goddess it's crazy there's so many
people this madness out here
I don't know what's going on I'm confuse
I'm like
you have cellulite
thank you right a little bit of a light
have to be same done
covered in gold I love God I'm on that
good Kush and alcohol I got some down
bitches I can call I mean I'll never sit
every day
on sixth Street with Candace hi Candace
stop son what's up and it's crazy it's
mad people out here right now it's like
cracking out their bars and drinks and
I'm actually supposed to be interviewing
a band right now that's why I'm not here
I'm interviewing a band and I don't like
I'm low-key buzz I don't really know
where I'm going but I'm gonna find this
shit because they pay me because when I
interrupt this vlog real quick to say
that if you want to watch the interview
I did when I was kind of drunk you can
click the link below it's on Virgin
Mobile's Facebook so just like their
Facebook and then you'll be able to
watch the interview here's a little clip
so if you want to see me drunkenly
interview Lance herbes strong check that
out link below okay that's the blog by
my friends homing me in what's up and we
out here we are as crazy right now
we are welding see the redness
I ran to pay what about what's-her-name
tell me your phone
tell me your phone what's the background
you yeah yeah
what's up I'm not even mad bro man what
are you doing what are you doing
get get get a cab give a cab Daisy
so it's the end of South by Southwest my
last night here yeah just go back Hotel
gonna go to sleep it's been a fun time
thank you
which say to my in bro Texas Thank You
Texas it's been fun yeah love y'all good
morning I met this little photoshoots my
last day in Austin waking up I had a
long night early morning what's up man
who are you okay yeah get my hair cut by
this comedian slash barbers last
therapist is what we do you seem a
little light so we out here what stop
trying to fuckin skate what's up bro
what up
everybody's trying to skate now
I know my fellow a while in our alumni
yeah look for that follow her on
Instagram cuz I do underscore he like
likes all my pictures all the time it
gets really annoying but you know Gracie
while in our girl yeah I'm done she
writes you right so this is actually a
photo shoot for the company Kansas
native shoes and shirts and a bunch of
stuff and I actually got to meet some
dope rappers like Big Creek and I got to
meet bun be he's standing right there
that's crazy right here we took a
picture check this out
she's taking selfies I'll see you take
yourself good idea I'm get one to kill
on Instagram at the airport show then
Britney daily st. Patrick today so we
here sipping that virus and I have green
drawers on so okay as you can see I'm
like yes still covered in this set I
gotta get on a flight I'm sticky all in
a day's work though yeah all her booty
haul is said
ex foliate yeah yeah yeah it's foliate
and drink similar it's more you are a
bad example fact up I'm turning his
camera off you're a bad example no I had
like the worst diarrhea on the plane
like it was so bad I had some taco when
I was chilling with Brittany before the
flight and like tore my insides all up
like like literally I was shitting the
whole flight and like not good shits cuz
you know I like to sit there bad shits
man but thank you for P flow Cantor pick
me up hey man thanks for those details
little detail you know they can get
worse bro but we're in the presence of a
lady so he's totally back
Oh another funny thing you know I'm
covered in paint right now right so
while I'm chillin at the airport this uh
this this big like country like like he
was off-key let he'll dude comes out to
me right big fat white dude you like
wearing a sombrero no no no he was like
he's like excuse me I was like uh oh my
laptop chillin he's like I don't know if
you noticed this but you're covered in
paint
you know what of crack it up I went to a
wedding today
so I got home and it's my mom's birthday
party it's over it's over but my mom
still going like a genius
neither daughter Parvati left the Royal
penis is clean your highness Thank You
King shit
