oh my gosh guys look who it is it's my
parents it's a beautiful day in Los
Angeles right now I'm out here in the
Hollywood area grinding as always I'm on
my way to a shoot with my lovely friend
Andrea's choice and oh and this of this
vlog in particular is also gonna be my
submission video for the new Ford Fiesta
Movement I don't know if you guys
remember but like four years ago I was a
part of this thing called the Ford
Fiesta movement where they gave me a
free Ford Fiesta for six months and I
drove it around I did a little mission
and stuff and it's really fun you know
so I figure this time I'll do it on my
vlog Channel and you know it'll be fun
give me another car I'll have cars on
cars on cars I give the fusion to my
parents to drive around for like six
months and yeah so reason number one why
I should be a Ford Fiesta agent is that
you know I'm always moving I'm always
working I'm always grinding everyone's
gonna see me driving your 40s turn
around and and I'm cute
hey what's up this is Timothy aka
traffic oh so easy honest man and his
toys come on her so right now makeups
two breakups and because she knows about
makeups and I know about breaking huh
anyways reason number two I should be an
agent I know a lot of hot chicks
including my beautiful beautiful hottest
of them all girlfriend shit so it's like
if you want a lot of hot chicks as a
part of the Fiesta movement and a lot of
like nice pretty looking faces and lots
of beautiful booties as part of these
missions
pick me I decided to grab some grub with
a YouTube / tumblr slash online friend
of mine this is actually our first time
meeting face-to-face some of y'all know
something I don't but I say hi introduce
yourself hi food the bombs the bomb okay
and yes I'm aware that she looks like
she has to all y'all gonna say you know
that she knows I'm eating with her I
just sent her a text actually didn't
send her a text I sent her this thing
called couple there's this app called
couples for like long distance
relationships she can keep tabs on me
it's super cute super cute super corny
but super cute and yeah alright alright
get all my business shit I'm leaving
this coffee meeting with a let him know
little no man just oh shut up Tim shut
up some more man shut up - Laker nation
shout-out to Adam for the opportunity
it's a lot of cars it's rush hour right
now
and I slipped a couple like little
business meetings in Beverly Hills and
there's real swanky out there and um you
know a lot of y'all asked me for advice
on how to like get on and and and how to
just kind of pursue this entertainment
shit when you start doing this shit it's
gonna be a lot of people who like tell
you what you want to hear they're gonna
make a lot of empty promises of what
they can do for you and oh my god that's
so annoying wow that's a lot of text
messages I'm trying to be deep like me
and my boys the whole like me PD flow
Eric rig I mean we've gone through a lot
of shit together thinking oh my god this
is gonna be the the deal that's gonna
make us a million dollars this is what's
gonna like make us this is gonna be our
big break and she just never happened
you know I'm saying and eventually I
just stop getting excited about stuff
you know I'll make sure I'm grinding to
the best that I can to the best of my
abilities you will get rejected a
million times and you will have a
million opportunities that you get
excited about - just won't happen
you know I'm saying and you can't let
that discourage you from pursuing your
dreams and doing what you want to do you
know that's all I gotta say all right so
we out here we are here in Compton right
now Shawn scared babe dashana still
scare right now
banging my videos dog that's all cut and
blur and uh fucking who the fuck knew
fire was so difficult like houses burns
cavemen did it you can't do it I'm not a
caveman the wheel we ain't fucking with
caveman breath
the wheel is poppin this nigga Timothy
DeLaGhetto came to Compton with an Audi
like my nigga that's not you you need
passes and permission to talk to people
you gotta text big homies you know
telephone he can't do that like this was
just row up to row talk I had meetings
in Beverly Hills I was trying like
stunts while I was like driving around
out there and I was coming here like man
I go home honey
switch cars
good morning and straight back to work
as peruse gotta shoot a little skit
today that I came up with kind of
randomly the other day got sound girl
Cena high as you know I'm just waiting
on the chick right now who's gonna be in
the same and you know girls man always
later bro oh except except for the
behind-the-scenes ones they're never
late thank you to my homegirl melody
here for being in the skit as well you
might recognize her from the yin yang
twins and I actually don't even watch
that don't even watch thing but this one
watch she's really good at that watch it
it's funny yeah I so so I was I went to
my my fam back to my family's house and
shoot a little something for this skit
ran into a fan with a girl
name just saw that thanks for watching
girl you're so awesome thank you she
smells really good - she smells really
good Oh what's up bro is it Fernando
Jimmy arrogance hey Eric Eric Eric Eric
coming right now - no no I'm just
kidding I'm just kidding I'm sick he's
not he's not always playing bye but
peace bro hey baby
so I have a new addition my dad just
added something to my bathroom that
everyone's really excited about guys
come check this out come check this out
hold on hold on
everybody in look at who it's a hose to
clean your butt look Rick here
demonstrate for everyone not on your
butt but dude squirt squirt into the
squirt some toilet so they can see the
power that goes that clean can you
asshole you're a couch you Gooch there
you go it's an it's cool well I haven't
got to use it actually because I have
been showering but I will because I like
to make sure my Gooch ball asshole area
is clean at all times that's the only
coming any important yeah exactly and
you need you need that fresh like I'm
not a city man anymore
it's like a little bit of mouthwash for
a chick yeah
under blitz yeah so now I'm just at my
house my family's house is my mom back
there she's doing catching up with
laundry and stuff catching up with mom
jury and stuff and to summarize Ford
Fiesta movement you should pick me as an
agent because um you know I know a lot
of hot chicks I'm always moving I'm
always working as you can see today I'm
a creative dude I am you know I got some
skits done that I wrote and directed I
have a very diverse group of friends
crazy crazy people so it'll be a good
time and now I need to pack because I'm
going to south by now my mom is holding
my girlfriend's underwear and now I got
a pack because I'm going to South by
Southwest tomorrow and so yeah
five o'clock in the morning heading to
the airport Texas what up see you
tomorrow
teeth the Royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
