got off to the fans and Bobby's new
drawers and socks because I forgot to
pack them yesterday they fit real nice
socks feel good it drawl feeling good
yeah yeah pop top so I'm here with Tommy
see this time favorite Allen yeah ty
sees new baby talent and I guess what
guess what what we gonna take you we
gonna get you some female yeah yeah go
get some lady yeah yeah yeah yeah drop
Dave drawers go drop de drawers
yeah yeah like that the training your
son just like this guy yes outstanding
citizen and panty dropper yeah we're at
this restaurant it's the last night in
Chicago we're doing like jog on it is
being lovely giving salted eggs and he's
doing this thing he's doing like this um
this little group gift exchange we're
playing like the white elephant game
where everybody's looking cute and
dressed up okay
Aaron please please
airball please check out check out the
cake though
thanks man you're a nice boy
give back and we got these little
trophies mine's in Academy of Heroes
Chicago to the Timothy oh my god Aaron
Paula please God you don't know when to
just chill out and be seen oh my god no
one want to see your gross oh my god oh
hey look at me just pass me cancer so
dump me your pants are so dope like wear
these what what are you wearing tonight
what are you wearing tonight where these
wishes from
oh that's cool
I masturbate here yes and it's okay we
all do we all do it's okay he's fuckin
thank you we all do please do she
totally does birthday everybody is you
know blessings and you know hey I hope
you get some new D and what no I'm
kidding I'm just kidding us cheers
Cheers no chaser cuz I know bitch
I know bitch
good morning so I just left the dentist
off and it's got my teeth cleaned and
the man I hate my dentist dude she's so
mean you know she always be trying to
hurt my feelings guys look what I picked
up from the airport
hey you know I still get recognized from
like the one episode of total dentures
out of shit like ruin of children I was
the language one member the one you guys
you guys steal the food from the
restaurant I play like ha yeah we put
you yeah oh and and I'm in the
basketball game one where's Tim so I'm
picking Erica because he had a hey relax
I'm picking Erica ha were you two
fateful in America he had a show well he
had a movie premiere in San Jose for
this for this movie he was in and I had
a show in Chicago and you know I was and
it was crazy because after the my really
dope so in Chicago I was thinking how
lucky I am that like you know you and me
man we wanted this shit since we were
like young you know I'm saying and now
like we're doing what we love for a
living you know and I get to do it with
you like I'm still like it's so
emotional my boy it is I was like
touched man like after Chicago so I was
like man like I'm all this love and all
these fans supporting me that's what
I've always wanted like like I have
amazing friends that like share my dream
and shit and like I have like positive
like family that supports me my
girlfriend is the shit my friends are
the shit you know yeah I feel like I
feel this feels it feels good man I'm
glad you're here to be a part of it for
me though so you know you're doing your
shit I'm doing my shit and we're still
BFFs and a lot of it wouldn't have
happened
for ten pushing me actually since high
school like you know even like the
musical that we always bring up like
because he pushed me to musicals like I
have actually kind of broke out of my
shell a little more so I'm here with the
family getting some it's not my birthday
but we're getting some birthday dinner
on Monday Sunday Funday where Black
Angus got a little steak a little salmon
you know how you feeling dad I'm gonna
make a chair right now for Sam macaroni
skit and don't be crazy don't even know
what I'm doing but it's gonna be crazy
it'll detached from your body oh my god
so I'm here on set for this and macaroni
video what you do to me bro dude I'm so
sorry about this I got all my mouth all
up in my eyes I'm not really that sorry
shit yeah I mean this shit let's do yeah
yeah let's do sam macaroni just had me
doing the most uncomfortable set ever
but hey it's okay you know he's a as you
take I'm vlogging oh come on man check
it out guys this is the process of him
getting the makeup off me and you know
could be worse man it's not like you
know Gees and stuff like like porn girls
you know what cage is in the faith and
it's like whenever gets in their eye
they always complain about it burning
and stuff I a side now what's up bro I'm
Jamie I look up to Tim you know there's
so much of your inspiration thank you
hey what's up man all right man take
care these thanks for watching love you
too bro I Love You Man
good morning y'all it's a beautiful day
and it's extra beautiful today because
it's my birthday it's my day of birth
and you know I'm feeling good feeling
great I'm at the airport about to pick
up my boo my greatest present that I've
ever been given my god-given present you
know saying God gave me an angel from
heaven sup y'all know that song
Hey look who's here guys follow her on
Twitter today she's gonna be like a VJ
on on MuchMusic that's like Canada what
she might be are you gonna be no we
don't have much music got here oh yeah
she's back at our hair straight yeah
so we're walking through Best Buy buying
movies because I really wanted to get a
regular Elf on DVD and this dude just
start singing happy birthday buddy sup
happy birthday probably going thanks
it's not even bug bro you're singing
from your dog it's all good I love you
dog thank you no problem man are you
holding up the line bro we trying to get
some in and out over here what yeah Thai
food yeah my family's restaurant it's
right here in paramount go grab some
unit now apparently I got mad fans at
this in and outside you'd help you again
got the protein burger and that's on
closing I'm a birthday guys you know I'm
Sam good food good company can't even
see me no shit yeah am i sexy ass
girlfriend and then this dude right here
if the goodness shit one more thing I'm
having my birthday celebration at this
club at Universal CityWalk is called
infusion lounge I'm gonna be popping
bottles with my my lovely yawning
girlfriend and my homies if you
mentioned my name at the door if you say
Tim at the door then you get in for free
everybody who's 21 and over so come
through infusion lounge CityWalk all
right in celebration of me it's a
celebration bitches the Royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
