what do I have to to make you for happy
day oh happy day when I was you when I
worst you watch I'll watch this easily
oh happy oh the miracle boy
oh we had another dupe so you haven't
got our haircut yeah yeah look it this
is uh what this is a wig this is Riggs
really this is why he doesn't take it
out yeah yeah there's a bit much notice
of some stuff we're doing for that new
show ghosted that premieres October 1st
on Fox at Sunday 8:30 p.m. if you wanna
check that out tell him we sent you I'm
so cute was my first wife haunting this
because she's dead well thanks TVB now
she doesn't bother us anymore
so the other night I hooked up with this
zombie and I knew she was a zombie looks
don't matter to me and I gave her the
best lovin of her undead life and would
you believe it she ghost it on me three
days straight I have to contact you BB
they found her a family where two mouths
wrapped around some of the fellas head
and that hurt me deep but at least I got
answers thank you you BB people thought
I was crazy man cuz I can't hearing
voices in my head so I pop a uvv and
they helped me realize it was just my
Bluetooth was still on I don't know how
to work this thing man who still uses
Newton's thank you you need me Seto sure
it was real people too and a little
sexier
I got a thanks
do anything fun - jon cozart yeah I'm
recording now yeah okay okay okay so now
we do this like red carpet thing after
hey oh he made me this here thank you
thank you Oh super yeah all that old man
have you sign his deodorant cool oh man
because she won't hit me up one time
you're like ladies light into his dance
oh my god
oh my god am i in your blog yo I watched
this dudes blog every day hey it's all
good hey hey my son walking around
Toronto shopping this shit cuz I'm going
to this little like a fashion runway
thing tonight with a get fresh company
what's that bro we hear we hear and we
had to get some slides from a homegirl
Cici here because we're walking around
and all of a sudden like her shit just
like her shit broke so and then I go in
and I'm like look like I need some
slides I found something nice one mm-hmm
these are the ones he comes up with are
they can you walk in them are they
comfortable I told I told him them
walking and all I see are my shoes and
I'm walking into it's just a popin homie
okay okay okay okay all right so much
they had to just get fresh company
fashion show my dude photo will from
getting fresh laced me with one of their
dope ass sweat suits just like he did
when I had the meet-and-greet at his
shop last time I was in Toronto so um
yeah man and of course got the got the
Reeboks on the Reebok classics you know
I'm saying make sure you uh make sure
you pick up some Reebok classics hashtag
sponsored hashtag add to it how
embarrassing
we got the
you came in the same to me come on man
where'd you get your that my bro -
that's crazy
that's crazy and we and we got the same
hairdo so so that's not helping the
situation right now
so I'm here I walked over to do this
podcast I'm in for a treat and I look
and also in the podcast it's his podcast
who rolled up I feel like you rolled up
just so you could stunt from our vlog or
such a joke that's a joke so I just
wrapped up doing the best podcast in the
whole world really good it's so good so
yeah good episode yeah no this lighting
is fucking dope yeah I say go keep doing
it right here with like port your boat
look but look like a damn snack okay not
that he doesn't already
love these guys back where can they
listen to the just two boys don't know
you might just keep shooting episodes
and never drop them yes you guys might
never see this podcast ever Wednesday
I'm she absolutely good cuz I got I got
a little to candy that I gave away all
my secrets on this thing we did you're
pretty handed on the title yeah a good
episode is gonna make a lot of money
hey you can also listen to going wrong
as a podcast I'm sorry I dates never
work out but yo I'm gonna be ongoing
robbery recent season so if we get
picked up
probably not ballsy no nice so every
year at the buffer fest they have a gala
red carpet you've and everyone dresses
up to the nines and their suits and ties
and dresses and normally I dress up too
but remember how I didn't pack shit and
I was gonna go shop to get something but
the store I was gonna go to by the hotel
is clothes so uh how much is where it is
again but to the to the to the to the
red carpet event and this is a suit you
know it's a track suit same shit to be
honest I'm gonna probably be the Flies
dude on the red carpet in this fit right
here you know who say all right so we're
in the limo heading to the gala gala
gah-la right into the ocean and Shamu T
in the round forcing him on my for
forcing myself on she was like Houston
new limo with Mia cuz I don't like no
one else I'm in the limo with and I was
like damn
that behind their backs
surrender the hi everybody what's up a
hi how are you double action so yeah I'm
ready to turn I'm just ready to their
foreheads looking lovely target spot on
the Food Network right and immediately I
hit I have my Toronto mance and I'm like
yo yo we need to go to this spot bro and
get this fucking giant mountain of
lobster shit they got some sweets me a
couple months back they say y'all's $500
I'm a yo I'm never going there don't use
in town and said he's gonna treat us so
he say let me think about that let me
think Oh y'all better be putting out are
you out fuck it out I'll go myself I
don't even care bro
all right huh thank you oh don't be
talking our lives around like that Steve
around some random man touch you
oh sure yeah come get the leftovers yeah
yes oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my god I'm drunk I'm drunk I'm
not I'm not
yo good you know
going in we're going in
we going in right now the whole red
straw all these little old Asian eyes
are on us right now all right
how much time is pass bro like ten
fifteen yeah how you doing a little bit
of damage a little bit that gonna show
the cells was up here right now
mom no yeah we're gonna do it this is
man damn versus food so like 25 minutes
later everybody's throwing in the towel
this is where we add we tried we tried
yeah
I feel you yeah I don't like driving on
a more than full stomach either
so Rio penis is clean your highness
thank you
King shit
