so we here at the magic trade show or
the project whatever this is called
Andrew Garcia homegirl Kylie staples a
bunch of like clothing brands and like
um different designers that come
together and they kind of just like um
just show their stuff off you know and
the goal for the day is to walk away
with a bunch of free shit all right I'm
gonna work my way into some free shit
just wait just wait hi hi no you don't
want to be I won't put you in it oh we
did it she watches the vlog oh I stopped
by the tits booth and look who's here
guys word I'm over here at the three-one
three-one and this man's butt hooking me
up with a bunch of shit I'm just going
through this catalog got some dopes it
was there's like a website a streetwise
gear.com giving us free clothes and free
beard thank you so guys now you're in
the blog honey cocaine
I'm up here at the what am i a bro Deena
I reserve the unreserved this man about
to send me a box and drape me in a
leather outfit
look at this here look at this here yeah
this is nice you got a website yes sir
Tina reserved calm ladies and gentlemen
with so alright so I'm over here with uh
with this bro Omar with premier fits
they bought the hooking up with a hat
I'm about to pick one right now
y'all got a website but show y'all give
me free shit I'll shout you out in my
shit you know Angie's drunk Edge's drug
huge were lost in this right it's really
big we're lost in it like a like a giant
vagina vagina fashion
Genevieve Stern Ellen everyone's in
abuse announces she always be trying to
like call me and like leave me man
because like I mean you know me just
come in I give you a key sup man who are
you agent D'Amico a key sushi all right
let him know so there's a fan and I was
like yo you look like if me and Andrew
had a baby let's take a picture man
right today was definitely success got
some good contacts Network my ass off
got a bunch of free shit hats and some
shoes for cheetah and this dope ass
shirt big up to Jeff staples for the
shirt and this dude Andrew is knocked
out and I'm gonna put some dinner yes
good day it's a good day Vegas what up
good morning guys so
Cabot's me a new window guys
Ricky snugs now those are real by the
way guys oh my gosh yeah me too
everyone thinks Rick lost late but it's
just like so what's up guys getting here
to throw seriously so crazy cause like
I'm talking this inspiring my voice
walking around last night in Vegas I
didn't turn the camera on but you know
we got some good expensive food we
played craps list first time never
played craps before and I'm just good
tired man I just wanna I want some good
cuz you know girl I got some down
bitches I could call go you know I'm
talking about giving you and Joe and you
leaving now I'm gonna go to sleep my
child let it come love me chocolate oh
my chunka chunka Tapatio chime hey hey
make sure this guy who sleeps okay so
guess what guys
I was all the way at the airport packed
my shit left the hotel then I realized I
forgot something came back and it's not
for these it's not these it's for this
I'm so stupid it's too early nice so
it's a beautiful day back in LA and went
home showered now I'm on my way to the
shade Karl 100 episode podcast of when
the kids are asleep or when the kids go
to sleep
and yeah man let's go it's like 10
o'clock in the morning but I'm back in
town
grinding working you know how I knew son
I don't stop I'm like a shark cuz if
sharks stop moving they they die or some
shit like that
hi guys so I'm here bright and early to
do this show for a person we had to pay
to me $100,000 in $2 bills yeah when's
the last time you saw a $2.00 bill do
you have check this out it's like my
good luck $2 bill look at that whoa
you're right if you know I ever need to
buy like a Big Mac there's tax right
there state your ramblings checking out
youtube.com slash a tardes twitter.com
slash a car I would log my oh it's so
scruffy it's off though it's really soft
you can visit man yeah dude do really
every morning cool this is as far as
mine gets right here the band they have
that I think they did the cover boy was
truck trouble trouble trouble they think
I'm better than today sing it better
than Taylor Swift Taylor Swift you
fucking suck
she calls my Shakespeare what's up guys
yesterday after getting back from Vegas
it was like non-stop all day I did that
podcast and then I had like a couple
meetings and I was exhausted man I
knocked out at like 11 o'clock with my
clothes on
stinky funky no shower I love that
feeling after like a long day or
whatever when you like poo jackoff
shower get a haircut brush your teeth
clip your toenails clip your nails and
then you just feel fresh like shave your
pubes and you feel just like a whole new
man you know I'm saying like I this is
that day where I just need to rejuvenate
and recharge so me a rig just left Taco
Bell right and this is this is what I
stumbled upon right next to my car are
you in there I can't tell are you in
there okay my name is Nathan and we are
crazy fans of yours well thanks bro
crazy fan thank God I'm gonna spit on
you right now thank you for bumping my
music oh no problem and thank you for
watching my videos
so we left the club because there was a
time to leave don't drink and drive but
vlogging drive that's cool so we left
the club and now we're at a good old
Tamzin paramount where everybody knows
your name no it's so good though
good old burger from Tam's burgers and
fries and we're just got chilling you
know this is to go as soon as we got out
the club when we were like 18 or older
we go to club DVA and hollywood the
kiss-fm club and we don't we come here
you know the sands where all the kids
will be and I you know it's good times
man sometimes time very good times Eric
here's a little tidbit about
super ego okay he hates the phrase good
times like it rubbed him the wrong way
good times man the Royal penis is clean
your highness
Thank You King shit
