so guys if there was ever any doubt that
she owes wifey material
she's cleaning my bathroom and I didn't
even ask her to how nice you live like
an animal baby this is a bachelor pad
okay
bachelor pads are supposed to be
disgusting and dirty and organized until
you move out here make it a married pad
and then you can clean everything every
day you know my wifey
yeah so today's the day of the streamys
guys that YouTube awards show I'm
feeling kind of sick though so I'm not
gonna go and plus you know she is here
she had got me sick so she infected me
with her Canadian disease you're the
disease so you know sometimes you don't
really feel like going out and partying
with everybody you know sometimes I just
want to stay home and you're Ninja
Turtle PJs watch rush hour 3 you know
I'm saying sit by the fire watch some
pornog you know I'm saying and you know
seven nice little cuddly cuddly day you
know right there right there
so we're watching workaholics and Adam
just did a jump split and she was like
man those are hard to do and I like it
that's why I said its difficulty of one
hundred year old man so once again we're
watching fast and furious right but this
time I know she's not watching because
she loves Paul Walker she's watching it
because this one has gin in it that's
right and that's what started her
attraction towards Asian men and you
know right babe that's why you want to
watch this one right yellow fever baby
and we all know clueless started my
caramel fever you know saying clueless
and um Angela from Boy Meets World
Sean's girlfriend I don't know what it
was I thought she was super cute and
yeah you know so now she has her gin and
now I have my Stacy - but baby way
better than Stacy - would you bring it
with me if I got just dinking
here we go Oh God to be with you guys
that time at that time which he yawns
and ship her back to Canadia
Oh guys um we decided like the distance
is just too hard and you know what this
is the this is the last time for us you
know we're company quits after this
no I'm just just kidding where that's a
joke that's a joke we're never calling
it quits guys even if even if I have to
start youtubing from like Russia and she
has to start doing nails in like
Timbuktu I will take trains planes
automobiles buggies book books all that
shit well I will hitchhike whatever I
gotta do hey there chichi what's it like
in Timbuktu City cuz I've got planes and
trains my bad was uh cuz I got planes
and trains and cars and something
something where you are a bloody birdie
booty booty booty
and your plane so now that I said my
baby mama home had to come back to my
mama mama huh yeah and she cooked a huge
dinner you know y'all we got some steak
we got some salad we got some salmon we
got some nice these uh Thai people call
them Stella fowl some Chinese people say
fowls say sure pal depends on where
you're from you know I'm saying and what
y'all look at how cute this is look at
this look at this
a family is a little world created by
love don't kill so my parents are trying
to figure out what this thing is that
was the meal that was in my laundry Oh
so I'm rushing to make this flight to
Vegas cuz I'm gonna go to Vegas with a
magic fashion trade show and I'm so
close to missing this flight oh my god
oh my god oh my God he's driving a crazy
old Asian man all right so I made the
flight I made the play this is fun your
sock from East Side Long Beach though
either way don't matter
ya big fan of 70 they like eight legs
yes sir all day
you know what I like to eat son
booty booty booty in Vegas and I'm
getting dinner like some lobsters and
steak with Chris Rose I remember wrist
rolls hi and guru time but to go in his
crazy
that's the club and me and my chocolate
here I mean words we're just some sober
guys tryna have fun which is from solar
guys gonna have fun and feed our bellies
yeah and go to sleep
you know yeah and go to three yeah
h2o is the way to go that's all I want
drinking beer what are you dear alcohol
it's bad that's all yeah you wanna drink
liquor
you better think quicker the Royal penis
is clean your highness Thank You King
shit
