I got the beste ja rule playing I got a
full tank of gas I got the car wash I
got I got I got banana it's a big day so
I'm setting up to shoot my Harlem shake
video and finally doing one I got an
interesting concept and this is one of
my can you show me your okay thank you
I can probably staring from the
g-strings because I can't have too much
junk hanging out with Flagg we'll get as
many views so like but yeah but if you
want your company is we're using right
now alright so in addition to all those
dudes I had in those room a part of this
my my um what is this Harlem shake video
I'm doing I have my homegirl as you
might know her lucky boo hey look she
was in my call me maybe parody which got
20 million twenty something million
views yes and thanks for coming and
being this in this bikini you know I
feel like I'm being you are but it's
okay it's okay it's okay
and you know I mean I'm not looking I
love my girlfriend so I'm not a boobie
some earth all the titties yeah there
goes our he's just like putting the mark
down and Sal's sweeping this is for
y'all it's not for me it's not for me
that's the other album like yeah yuck
other booty we just wrapped this Harlem
shake video thank you guys
thank you good job everyone thank you
thank you thank you Lux of course and
thank you sir of course and uh yeah man
everybody go go go so I'm finally home
from shooting that Harlem shake video
and I was trying to relax and at my door
was this dude what's up man what is your
name I'm Tom my way from London England
why are you here interviewing you about
your he's interviewing me about a video
I did four years ago that I rock onesies
video and not only is he's doing that
okay so the girl that hooked up they're
gonna do my publicist I guess you could
say told him to bring me chicken so I
was trying to be sexy as shit right I've
been eating like I've been cutting all
cars I had a salad for dinner and he
came with a bucket of KFC where's it he
came with a bucket of KFC and there's
like there's like wedges and biscuits
it's like carb central you are the devil
you are the the English devil bro and I
had a had like four pieces already like
I'm a little I'm a little offended and I
don't know why I'm offended because like
I'm not black so it's like like I
shouldn't be offended but I'm like why
did she tell him to bring me chicken
like this
so we left the club cuz it's getting a
little too crowded little too hot Drake
was there Rihanna was there apparently
Chris Brown was there too yeah but but
we couldn't hear we can see them either
they bought out all the fancy tables so
we couldn't go back to the VIP anymore
anyways we got some McDonald's and funny
shit I ordered a fish right and I pulled
up and like it was like you get the
filete and I think that's like yeah good
night guys I'm in the passenger seat of
my whip right is what the rapper's call
cars and the passenger seat of my whip
right now oh well shadi
I mean shadi uh I'm in the shadi of my
whip because guess who's back back again
get that shit baby
it's Valentine's Day so you know you
know I had to send the private Lear jet
shucks jet just sent the Lear to go pick
up my boo thing and you know drive a
little bit my shift so we're grabbing
some lunch at in and out right but I am
eating the low carb burger which is the
burger just wrapped in lettuce you know
I'm saying but with some chopped chilies
in there and and then I got these super
healthy
animal style fries how's that burger bit
bit carcass for me carbs for you you
know I'm saying hopefully it all goes to
your booty
I'm at the barbershop we need to get a
haircut I'm vlogging thought up and
plays do you think you're cute so
instead of going out we decided to just
chill I have some leftover KFC that I
warmed up and some leftover chicken
nuggets that Eric bought last night
after the club and this is a red panda
and this is a this is a light brown
Canadian it's not a racket when it's red
panda there's a huge difference
raccoons are scary and low-class
red pandas are adorable and shit okay
that's a red panda I reckon she has me
watching The Vow
with Channing Tatum cuz as you know she
loves Channing Tatum but it's okay
because I I love what's real no no
Rachel McAdams is probably the only
white girl that I F with you know I'm
Sam and and I totally just saw Channing
Tatum but during the Val and all I have
to say about that is oh my god kake's
right ladies so it's a beautiful 80
degrees got the top down got my girls
top down
and you know we try to go hit the beach
have a nice little beach days at the
beach yay
it's so pretty the beach is so pretty
it's such a beautiful day she's so
pretty I'm so pretty beach guys and
we're just hey hey and you know it
sounds like this and you kind of really
feel at peace with like the world and
life and you realize that like you know
maybe God does exist and maybe there is
a reason why this is blank the Royal
penis is clean your highness thank you
King shit
