alright y'all so we finally going home
man it's been a long trip a lot of
traveling we upgrade our seats to the
comfort feeds because we need some
comfort Rick is sick
yeah even talking I'm about to order a
whopper with extra cheese and shame and
see you in 13 hours Turkish Airways
upgraded comfort seats is the extra shit
check this out and give us no regular
little earbuds they gave us like some
like like cover your whole ear
headphones right slippers for our feet
slippers for Rick's stinky ass fees
stinking ass VDS my little arm wresting
transforms into a TV miss prime my own
screen Rick's not feeling good but his
beast move to Turkey's Airlines we are
Turkish Airlines at their jingle we move
on up with Turkish Airlines to the Turks
side - Adi looks C in church
guess what guys after 13 hours on that
plane I'm finally finally back home
thank the Lord it feels so good
got that la smog back in my lungs mom
cooked some bamboo got some duck here
and some scrimps
you got my pops here sub dad miss me
yeah man so guys I was like so happy to
come home and I was like you know what
I'm gonna turn on my Christmas tree cuz
it makes me happy the lights make me
happy and look what happened
my parents have taken down my Christmas
tree and they didn't even ask me before
taking it down come on bro that's not
cool
I understand if you want to come in here
you want to mop a little bit if you want
to brush a little bit if you want to
clean some stuff but don't take down the
man's Christmas tree you can't barge it
to a king's castle and take down his
Christmas tree without letting him know
it's to say I just landed a few hours
ago in a stolen car sorry boat
konnichiwa baby man you so racist bro yo
ho we're gonna who said that was the
rapid I said it fresh off the boat
konnichiwa babe some like big races it
was like Big Pun I'm not a racist racist
at least I'm here doing this video for
you and he's making racial slurs I'm
racist yeah I'm racist pull up to the
scene with my face change would you wait
and do the Harlem shake
I'm trying to figure out what to do for
mine to actually if it's all been done
okay hello what a bunch of ladies hello
hi
BR I am way better than they thought
singing you know that okay so we are
here behind the scenes I'm here with
everybody just Kenny films Davis oh they
storm again just with this dude last
night Oh word okay what's up man
everybody's up here okay okay hey and we
own this king bat suit what's up bro
this is the man to put it all together
right here the red cameras real official
it's real official if you don't care
about that it means nothing to you but
if you do it's like oh shit
we're done shooting some shit and you
know we took all the rounded of all the
Asians in the cast and weight and got
some food talking about talk about how
much we love our fans and how we love
all you guys comments and none of our
stupid and what's funny bro what's funny
bro so I'm out here in in like LA area
about to go meet up with some people and
these dudes are like walking home from
school what school you guys go to I
don't know
but what's up they recognize me as soon
as I park they started screaming and
Tamar's their year anniversary so it's a
party and she hook me up with a budget
here so much shit she's hooking me up
with a bunch of shit and and the hi
how're you gonna learn hello oh hello hi
who are you wait and you know we just
looking at clothes right now fix it up
I'm somebody - and Oh word and I met
these dudes right here what's up bro as
you can see he's huge you can only see
the top my forehead 303 his mom's so so
crazy shit right I've been saying but
long as they agent girls like certain
Asian girls got like cakes right cuz it
a soy sauce and I'm not students for me
I've seen this for y'all you wait let me
in the light we gonna like Monica has
the Monica's booty is like crazy just
crazy cakes for Asian girl
no not even naughty
for Asian girl like for a regular girl
my major class mark making clap with my
viewers that's not for me that's not for
me I got a girlfriend but this is for my
viewers though I stopped by the Beverly
Center Mall to pick up some shoes real
quick and I read these girls has me back
here again
yo G boy if the is this like the second
half of the day's night time now
oh man the camera is crazy now we got we
are Dez here and desired Beauty you've
seen it before and my audience has never
seen you hello who are you
sweets oh yes I did yes I did
stop don't be all my shit right so these
are the new booties for your
entertainment wrote to Hollywood TV
Southside to g5g files not here some
default ooh look at a bootie back there
they really are they finally made sense
blogs we watch this shit all the time
well the only in here bro you in here in
there Canadians literally
my girlfriend's Canadian it was a fun
long ass productive as day check it out
got my tree back the Royal penis is
clean your highness
Thank You King shit
