we are an Amsterdam red-light district
right and it's crazy autumn little
windows right there is holes in the
windows just like dancing around
advertising what's up bro yeah I just
got recognized the red-light district
was the if I was single I probably
probably spend a couple hundred to take
a couple of these down but we're not
gonna do that
Oh random as shit they started playing a
song that I'm on at this place this is
my voice right now rapping listen that's
me on a song I did with this guy named
Eric Solomon all right kind of cool okay
so it's not as random as I thought
they're playing the powerhouse thieves
all right this rig you on this song so
if this dude if this dude he's a fan I
guess over there what's up bro cool so
he just told me a bunch of stuff about
this I don't afraid what he said but he
told me my stuff about the king are
there gonna be king no McQueen we just
ate at this Chinese food place right and
it's called paramount the paramount five
six two all day and I'm saying five six
two two two two two Rotterdam your thumb
today you know I'm saying later you know
that so we are here I'm in Rotterdam
Holland about the hostess club event
tonight it's gonna be crazy
all right Jim killed Club so we're
setting up for Dimitri at this club in
Rotterdam it's crazy right now
okay stop doing this
and these people flew from Aruba to come
Oh nobody said I don't know what he said
okay tell her
yes
all right so we're back from the club
Rotterdam thank you for showing me mad
love the crowd was crazy and you know at
it was dope about this Rotterdam show is
I had a lot of fans coming up to me
talking about yo man I've been watching
you since oh six you're such an
inspiration and like yeah I hear that
every once in a while but that was
really dope it was like an abundance of
that tonight you know so thank you for
everybody out here in Holland who's been
holding me down and watching and who
came out tonight and showed me love I
really really do appreciate it thank you
and yeah man so now you know we just
chilling back at the hotel room you know
I'm saying um horny tired salad hands
but you know can't jack off because
Rick's right there and and I just really
loud when I drag off oh shit
and like you know Riggle wake up and
Rick he be like grunting this shit so
it's like this is awkward you know but
we're good words to jack off with guys
yo fellas fellas next time you want to
jack off in a room full of dudes don't
invite me erection super uncomfortable
hey we learned this the hard way so I'm
driving
we're leaving rider down and we're going
to join me in a little bit but listen
dick and say pussy out here on the radio
yes crazy America man what's up we
should be able to say pussy on the radio
fuck me let him stay busy and their
Capri Sun got multivitamins
come on pussy vitamins America is
slacking so on a five-hour road trip to
Germany from Rotterdam so I can do this
little Club appearance tonight and I'm
tired and jet-lagged and it's cold as oh
just look at look at look at the snow on
the leaves man BRR it's cold out here I
said there must be some Rick's in the
atmosphere
kind of ladder all right we Germany yeah
shut up to this dude to me
hey you know this is the party man
sleeping on my rapid dip shit let me get
off of freestyle I'll do it if that
cools him in the club
so last night last dinner out here in
Amsterdam thank you
this guy for bringing me out thank you
thank you everybody thank you for
showing me good time taking care me a
Jimmy poon thank you
so after this for our flight how long
was that fly
finally landed in Istanbul Turkey right
and first of all okay yeah I'm sure
there's lovely people in Turkey but what
I do the people out here stare so much
y'all with some stare emoji faces right
Rick and I felt like I was Rick at his
next girlfriend's the family reunion is
something she's Mexican she was black
we're trying to find this hotel that's
in the airport because we had a we have
a seven hour layover until our flight to
LA so after finally getting through like
getting off the plane we had to go
through passport check we had to buy
visas so they told me that the bodies
will be barbies us then we had to go to
passport check and then we did we went
to like an extensive ass questioning
from security and then we had to go to
passport check again um and and we now
we finally in the hotel and so even
though we're in the airport right now I
know I know
yeah I know but it's all worth it watch
you asshole she's hitting balls oh my
god dude I'm so excited for this right
there
arrival penises clean your highness
thank you
King shit
