morning No good morning
there's a bright golden haze on the
meadow there's a bright golden haze on
the meadow the corn is as high as an
elephant's eye and it looks like it's
reaching clear up to this guy oh what a
beautiful morning oh what a beautiful
day I've got a beautiful things going my
way oh we are on a horse horse and buggy
carriage what do you call this thing
horse and carriage what a horse and
carriage ride go through a Central Park
and horses Murphy all right cool Murphy
we're here FAO Schwartz is like the
biggest toy store I've ever seen in my
life has every toy you could ever want
or imagined or need we're in a little
art gallery and first I was like mm-hmm
damn Ariel okay Little Miss fire crotch
kills and then I'll go right here what's
up girl
ahh oh they let me finish this joke I
was about to make and I looked over here
and Minnie got cakes oh my god
damn give you a run for your money wait
I'm lying I'm lying I'm like whoa babe
touches John
oh you're gross so check it out guys
it's a Batman belt replica and it looks
nothing like Batman Bell it's about
Batman buckle with giant leather pockets
on it like like Batman's about to go fix
a carburetor and shit
so me and chill stumbled across this
quaint little the steak house but we got
these giant steaks this rib eyes shit
right here I must go in right now we got
the candle lit in the road that's nice
right nice and romantic
we got like Italian waiters telling us
where to put our Forks and shit like as
real as real as real boozy and real
fancy over here but I don't give buck I
got my dick out under the table right
baby she has a toes on it so we out here
in the city back again about to go see
wicked and um yeah you know so we're
grabbing some giant wings at UM Dallas
BBQ right now there's so big cheese like
strong like falling all over the place
yo chill which a city away in a poufy
and yeah and we already well I only had
like three wings on full already
oh I had this long Bulldog thing it was
like this inside of this with a shot of
tequila to
I can't get you drunk around her because
she'd be trying to take advantage of me
I'm like no babe she's I'm out of the
mood tonight and it's just like just
shut up but I'm like oh man your growth
and once again that come across a
bathroom with the toilet paper going the
wrong way
damn so here we are in Times Square she
has never been before there's cameras
right there you don't know you're always
looking at your so we want to go to a
strip club you know
let's go home there's a bright golden
thank you book yeah I caught him to it
HD boogers no finally got me some
chicken and rice from the halal guys on
53rd and 6:00
I've been in New York for like two weeks
and I was waiting to get the chicken and
rice
she's never had the chicken or rice
before baby mommas is it bomb no you're
doing that wrong you're not doing that
right look you're through the core call
up let a man do it let a man do it that
that man come on come on little man come
on bad that man do that
yeah you're fucking it all up fuck you
don't break it
I already twisted it lift this thing
no it lifted on its own just pulled it
out no I didn't throw it out no that's
what you have to do oh yeah no wait here
I already did that you already did all
this yes you go to Blue Note no no he
looks even see I already did that step
do you they're wrong and they're damn
mamas pizza Hey hey Bill juice bill just
bill just bill juice okay con carne okay
okay okay
okay me me at the house
Rio I dress we ain't gettin no younger
we might as well do it a veal you
although ha girl I'm comfy yes
let's get married yeah super cute that's
cute but this is way cuter right here
hmm like that ladies for the ladies she
is black in my wallet out hoodie damn
girl kicks on it is me so what the
airport I'm about to hop on a flight
back to LA to LA she's about to hop on a
flight to Canada and that cute and I
mean we're never gonna see each other
again this is the end for us because you
know we've decided it's too far but it's
been real it's nine o'clock in the
morning it's literally the next day
after I landed I gotta go hurry up and
get my hair cut because I have to shoot
something at maker and then I have a
flight today in the afternoon because I
have an appearance at a club in the
Netherlands and then from there we're
going to Germany so it's just a crazy
day I didn't even realize that my
flights were so back-to-back I thought I
had like at least a day to chill but I
don't so we gotta get this shit crackin
I'm over here at maker shooting this
thing make sure my bulge is right cool
because you can't a spandex shirt and
not like people bulging you know
do what it wasn't juvie hey if my
nipples are juvie I didn't I like it
here let's do this baby
alright so I just wrapped this thing a
shot with Steve green have you dressed
like a toilet and you know I'm saying
but anything for the art you know and
I'm a fucking pro man so I'm finally
home now I have to shower and pack and
go to the airport cuz I'm going to the
Netherlands baby / Germany yeah so we've
been on this plane for like 12 hours now
he's still not there and we still have a
connection to go
it's crazy what Turkish Airlines though
good stuff they got like USB ports and
like three Wi-Fi zone
I just got a point and now
see the sleek so I can't poo the Royal
penis is clean your highness Thank You
King shit
