okay yeah follow them on Instagram
conceited has these super rare shoes
there's only like 200 of them that
exists or something like that
it's these right here so I'm gonna hide
them
I see if he notices yeah yeah somebody
hid my shoes and I can't find them
we would decide my house fucking awesome
keep the videos coming thanks for
watching thanks
how's it going to enjoy this oh yes hi
hey enjoy the good money why thank you
thank you so it's the last day of
shooting and we in this main walking
down the streets you know where we see
the only one from here so call us check
this out I'm up here work with MTV but
that's nothing I'm in a Tim de la ghetto
I'll let me at DJ DWR you can a shit boy
DJ DJ MTV falling down hate credible
let's go yeah I want to take dreg on
tour with me say forgetting the cannons
and security footage the first people in
line are my fans
ok thanks hey you guys ready - fake
laugh at all my jokes even if they're
not funny
alright you really laugh ok good thank
you
that's that breakdown get that I caught
him dancing earlier they're still they
still got we love you my episode
iein do shit this one I was chilling but
I'm sorry just one Dallas Texas and and
why you now we shout out Tim I love all
your videos
what's funny right now dancing around oh
so I'm just getting back from the
after-party it was mad fun thank you to
Nick Cannon thank you to MTV - it was a
crazy couple weeks and yeah man I feel
super blessed and super happy that I
could be a part of this and thank you to
Craig the producer framed me up and you
know man
I love you guys man make sure you tune
in MTV - during the summer time cuz I
got some good episodes I got some man
episodes some episodes where I'm like
kind of funny but I'm not but I got some
really good episodes too so make sure
y'all tune in to every single episode
man I'm gonna go to sleep
good morning so I'm chilling at the
airport right now but not cuz I'm
leaving New York because I'm picking
somebody
majestic drama
now how does one explain the stir and
fill any feels when he's not sure what
he's feeling
hey I feel a little big chunky Big Apple
Tom concrete jungles concrete Apple one
explore every corner
so now I'm not shooting wiling out
anymore
she and I are at the maker apartment in
New York here the maker NYC apartment
and it shit is cute check it out you
know saying got a that's like a nice
little balcony and cute little couches
and a cute little mix chick on the couch
and like let me see it's just tight bro
and a nice little view out here check
that out check that out
yeah you know this is with the real
grimy but real sexy sexy and grimy just
like me you got this you got this you
got this okay can we go we need to take
a second to discuss what's going on here
she was gonna do her makeup in the
bathroom but then she saw that this
movie was on with stars amanda Bynes and
who Channing Tatum so what she did was
she got this giant mirror from the
bedroom and she propped it into the
couch cushions
yeah so she can do her makeup in the
living room while watching this movie
the problem is you're obsessed with the
white D of Channing Tatum what are you
gonna say about that
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
