now that I can finally talk about this
look why mad guys oh there we go
that's why guys we on the set of one out
I'm here
Doughboy don't conceited I know with
them
Mikey de grafica you know I'm saying it
you know I'm saying you're a being this
could you treat many more why do you
know why I'm dog no way yeah well what's
up bro I'm Danny I wash it so I'm gonna
wash it look at the flowers of a bank
man and you totally hook me up right now
so thanks bro pretty okay I get your
signature corn so I'm here at the Shake
Shack get some grub with the youtubes
homie Ryan Mitchell Greg and it's homey
what up and you know just talking at
YouTube shit and PR and talking about
YouTube here's a cute in the Oh cutie
pie meet me behind the scenes right now
behind the scenes it shit stuck
endorsements all that way I just know
you can liberate damage right here yeah
so we finally finished this first day
huh and snowing outside it's crazy right
now what's up man I'm here with one of a
NYC's finest right here and he's a fan
of the videos are always just Johnny
Johnny Johnny yes shit well thanks for
watching and protecting and serving oh
hey appreciated video steggzz Oh coming
from all gene never say what you ain't
going on because I've done shit we're
talking about flying girls over to smash
into it okay seriously and this I know
this I stand for there is no besides too
much my man ice-t
was on pip status at one time yeah you
see how he reverses J's nice eyes look
oka just switch up on nigga I will fly
you out oh you want to go to Disneyland
you wanna go to techno whatever
oh shit
oh you all go to Disneyland space no
show just wraps uh got some fans right
here was good man we're good
thanks for supporting thanks for showing
so love and all that and we'll wait wait
guys name I'm tracing straight Chris so
I know you don't like them shoutouts
haha real quick real quick go go go
shoutout yeah big bags they appreciate
that there are some of em yeah so this
is my key day doing a conceded in
president slow it down
hey you look like a go if I was in a
castle you would be the moat and slow it
down
I just dissed you cast all mo mo like a
stooge right you are yeah mmm-hmm I need
a work on my impression about to shoot
another episode while now say it was
about row
respect your on how do you think I
appreciate that
we behind-the-scenes right now fortunate
we shot a Wayne's boyfriend's more
pronounced we do it so you didn't know
right this is this is you know right
like she's been hiding on my nose all
progress in Spain yeah these are not
mine I got it wardrobe in short they say
any girls that wanna Hollow
yeah any girls I wanna holla uh yeah
echo gonna be just a little more sexy
when I got sure that's what do not you
say let me tell you real quickly okay
real talk you ready grab you got a dick
oh well these are my grand my lips the
proverbial yeah she grabbed her quit oh
fuck you let me tell you something
alright not into kid fucking our kids so
we just wrapped another show and um I
got some fans here ha ha yay thank you
yes thank you thanks for coming thank
you
okay so what's up y'all I'm finally back
in his hotel room it has been a long
tiring week and a half I've been in New
York chillin getting shit done and you
know I just I feel so blessed and
fortunate and grateful that I'm able to
be here that Nick Cannon and everybody
at Wilin out um you know likes me for
the cast and I'm here mtv2 we shooting
this shit it's gonna come out in the
summertime
and you know I'm with a lot of talented
people and I've been and I've been
meeting so many dope people so many
people I admire like telling bully and
big boy from Outkast and like it's crazy
man like it's crazy and I'm just you
know it's dope man you know like I'm
telling you like there were people that
told me when I was little that uh that I
that supported me and said you know what
Tim we know you're gonna go places we
know you're gonna be a star and then
there were people that told me you know
what you'll never make it
you're not cute enough for TV or you'll
never see an Asian dude on TV I still
get messages like that and you know this
goes to show you man you can never let
the negative bullshit bring you down or
throw you off course you know I'm saying
like I've always said that I look at my
goals as a destination and not a dream
because if you keep going towards a
destination you will get there
eventually you know I'm saying a dream
is just a dream you know I'm saying
something you can't touch but a
destination is real you know I'm saying
and if you just keep working towards
what you want and you stay committed and
and and and and um dedicated to that
shit you know anything is possible as
corny as that sounds you know and look
man um I'm out here I'm doing this so
thank you to everybody who's been
holding me down and supporting me and
loving me and sending me positivity and
sorry this vlog is so short but you know
I've been working son that the Royal
penis is clean your highness Thank You
King shit
