hey bitch you try to cut me up get out
of my lane Beach yeah but you look
stupid
we had George's birthday and the plan is
a beer pong and we killing these girls
right now
let's do it
Eric this toilet paper is going the
wrong way so I'm gonna go ahead and flip
that around for him it was a stupid way
someone that you're right whoops
Daniel so we head into uh just like a
block party type thing ja rule where you
at man I'm waiting for to come back and
so I'm at the Rosewood black party I'm
at the NWA food truck what's that manna
for how are you I wonder where what is
this dog
this is condensed milk so a my family's
house is grabbing a little dinner
because tomorrow I leave for New York
and I'm gone for two weeks um my mom
here
my mom's telling me no had my dad day oh
oh
she cooking fish salad you know I'm
trying to get sexy you know I'm saying
I'm trying to swim down this money got
me fat you know I'm saying what what
what all right so I'm heading to New
York because remember a few vlogs going
on a couple auditions for something well
I got it and so now I'm going to New
York to do some shooting
and I'm gonna be gone for a couple weeks
and uh huh you guys gonna miss me miss
me mom
all right Keaton LaBelle huh to keep
thinking about my mom
no okay you know miss me Dad huh huh so
I'm gonna be in New York for a couple
weeks and I oh yeah all right stop
walking around over here at my hotel
trying to find something to eat
friends do it yeah that's RBC's fancy
we're actually poets and we just bumped
in some of the de la ghetto and it's
like man cool cuz I we appreciate his
work you know all work yeah you own that
spoken word yeah almost definitely okay
the weather was freezing through my nose
all right so we're doing some top-secret
shit we can't tell you about it but I'm
here with some familiar faces
ah yes we are here New York doing some
shit we can't tell you about it yet but
what no I'm not in Chinatown right now
about to be deep-fried for some food and
I ran into some fans hi
they're twins from London here say some
stuff so we can hear accent I like oh
there we go what's typical all right
sweets all right thank you
deep fried and boy genius now the
producer of magnetic me Tori Kelly we
just got done grubbing where we at
Shanghai fan of the videos
and oh love you too okay shot in here me
uh this genius he produced the magnetic
record with Lloyd Kelly I'm here in
prides uh where we ever Chinatown John's
an of course yeah yeah so we here
chillin trying to get away from the cold
because it's super cold outside and what
the hell is that bro on the rub-and-tug
places at the massage parlors Oh see I'm
being good cuz you know I love my
girlfriend you don't account if you get
a jackoff massage though not just
playing about his plan was faster that's
just good morning guys I've been in New
York for like a few days now I feel like
I wish I could show you more man but
like um we can't say anything about this
thing yet I feel like this vlog is super
boring so I'm sorry but just know that
I'm out here and I'm doing some stuff
with some funny-ass people and yeah man
I'm in New York this is my wack-ass view
from here but you know and don't trip
don't trip it'll I love you New York ran
into the homies again
yeah what's the company again bro Little
Miss the Ltd diet homey yeah what's up
bro what's up bro what's up y'all what's
up man
hook me up with another hat this one
says cream on it and you know I'm saying
that working this shit in free shit
oh look fresh for this shit I have my
boy rich the barber here who has a
barber shop I here in New York what's it
called a filthy rich barber shop it's
English yeah so he's doing a little home
delivery haircut for me right now making
sure looking fresh shit I haven't even
told them what I'm out here for you I'm
not allowed to but tell me bro y'all are
gonna be excited man so I know that shit
was low-key boring guys but you know
there's just not a whole lot to record
when I'm like I'm not allowed to show
like we're mad like what I'm doing yet
but I am I will be able to tell you soon
okay and then and it's fun stuff you
know I'm just kind of spend most of my
nights here in this hotel room because
New York is so cold right now like it's
too cold but yeah you know hey if you
got if you thought this is boring go
back and watch some of the old vlogs
those are really good
go watch the videos on my main channel
if you haven't you know chunk dirty web
series is really funny got some good
stuff on there guys and she is actually
gonna meet up with me in New York soon
so that'll be a good vlog and I'm sorry
about life is so boring but it's not
it's exciting okay I have to go cuz we
have to wake up early tomorrow and I'm
tired and I'm horny the Royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
