stop jack shut him down open up shot oh
no that's a rough genius role and she's
John well she works she what I'm doing
nails is she making that money you know
I'm saying grinding like a boss and I'm
just here like a little beach waiting on
her to finish so she is doing my nails
now so weird what are you doing to me oh
I don't know like beautiful getting rid
of my dead skin there I don't know man I
got pretty hands she's tripping my shit
already you're gonna make me change all
right so we getting ready right now cuz
cheese having a big birthday bash at the
club tonight how you feeling baby make
up on point brows on point body on point
booty on point I got my junk oh are you
talking to ask again you phone as it's
your mommy's birthday you really gonna
try and do this on your mom's birthday
fuck it let's go let's go oh case you
know home yeah let's go ready for this
girl let's go I'm ready I'm ready
you got protection peaches peaches you
got protection peaches peaches hey hey
you got protection
okay cool we don't need that we don't
getting ready right now for this
birthday bash all along from I got what
I want for my birthday you know saying a
big booty beautiful lady so better how
you feeling
a good feeling great looking great
falling all over the place
so I'm here as she is fans
her uncle Tony baby
yeah oh she's looking at herself too I'm
sorry
star to YouTube channel good bye I'm
gonna take you back to America for my
dad okay so you can get off my back
and me and Chia don't have to have a
baby yet yeah yeah all right so here's
what swag I was supposed to be here for
like two like the 20th you know I'm
saying chillin with Chia having a good
time but on some random all of a sudden
stuff these people that I'm working with
on this bigger project kind of want me
to be around on the 14th so I got to fly
back right now to LA and it was just
whack you know it's such a short trip it
was supposed to be a long trip and you
know because of all the delays and now
cuz they're just business shit I gotta
go back home and it's pretty wack man it
was pretty sad like I was really kind of
ready to be here for a minute and um you
know so now I gotta go home duty calls
Hey Baby how you doing no no we said we
said I'm sad she said P Jesus said
peaches she can't even me out she's so
sad but you know now it's time to call
the airport doors what we usually do and
all right so guess what y'all you know
how we were all sad and depressed this
morning because I had to leave super
early because of a last-minute business
thing I was like you know what man I
read the email they said I didn't have
to be at every single one it's super
last-minute I'm just you know and I'm
trying to stay with she is so I'm like I
canceled my flight I was like I'm leave
on Wednesday instead hopefully
everything's okay
emailed the dude and then I just hit up
one of the peoples that's doing it with
me and he was like yo
they just told me he got cancelled for
today so it's all good baby meant to be
it's meant to be you happy about that
that's feet that's mother fucking fate
right there and and so now I'm here for
another couple days we can chill she
cook me some breakfast
and you know and I
so I'm watching bring it on with Gia
and I have to cheer for the clovers
because I'm his shields half-black and
I'm half-white girl team team black girl
ooh I'm heading to meet she is a rich
tree inside I've never met them before
I'm always kind of I've always met her
immediate family and her Salvadorian
side I met in Toronto but now I'm
meeting the original inside if you
didn't know Eritrea is a country in East
Africa neighboring Ethiopia anyways I'm
gonna get in there and they're gonna
have some Ihram food for me some like
coffee and what else some raw beef stuff
that I'm trying to try and yeah man
should be fun anything I should know
before I go in there no okay good to go
let's go Africa boom bye-yay
boom bye-yay
so she had to go to work today so it's
just me chilling in her in her spot by
myself with me and peaches anyways me
and he jeez girl you ready to get it
about to have some kitty cat sex peaches
wow wow wow wow so since I've been
chilling in cheese house all day I got
nothing to do but play this game someone
put me on so it's called knights and
Dragons I downloaded it it's pretty fun
man it's pretty addicting you know I'm
saying I can't lie you got like you
fight you just fight these little
monsters and shit I'm saying haha the
plane to shit all day bro knights and
Dragons if you wanna you can play me to
actually traffic is my name on there Oh
Canada
you have the hottest girls like mine
cheese mixed and cheese ha - yeah the
sweet but damn relaxed Canadian road
rage man I thought you guys are supposed
to be super nice out here I said don't
do you fuckface do you wanna die please
I thought when they cut you off I hear
you guys like all right well okay go
ahead alright sorry I yeah sorry I gotta
you're laying there okay
that's the Canadian accent you know I
gotta kiss you later
you know our second trip to the airport
and you know feeling a little bit not as
sad and teary this time I'm a little
better since we got a couple more days
in but you know it's time to get uh
unfortunately I got to get back to the
business and then you know look guys I'm
back in sunny LA it's so nice it's so
nice today and dad pick me up
most come one the Royal penis is clean
your highness Thank You King shit
