uh welcome to another day onset of my
fullscreen show going raw you know it's
just a regular day on set today we got
these lovely ladies here with us and
we're just gonna get some factoids here
I'm a hentai expert here is Yuki Yuki
she's from sword art online she's a
gamer okay
really good gamer until like halfway in
the series when then the male needs to
be better than her so she starts sucking
okay
you eat figuratively and literally this
is RAM she's a made from this anime
where a dude like can't die Hulya uh-huh
like the whole thing is basically take
her on these body pillows because you
can't get real women okay as we all know
2d is better than 3d oh you take around
the 2d women they never get Maddie you
never fight always down for whatever but
never try to give them to these yeah
just gonna say well when me a rick take
them home that it's 2d so to 2d ladies
we're changing the names to Julia you
guys better not flag me because of this
little hand side couch right here do not
flag this you dirty much this is art
alright this is the cultural thing you
uncultured swine oh my face
did you see my cock oh yeah I didn't I
love yes
you know I love crap I know you do I was
like she's gonna love thee look who we
got as the Dave yeah the beautiful Gina
darling who still needs to put her
makeup on but you look flawless with the
fresh face though okay me I'm wearing
shade 113 of fenty and I got my Kylie
lip kit on I got all the super hype shit
alright hey thanks for coming okay
I mean you know you're not gonna do
nothing crazy easy to you nothing too
crazy liar lingerie I'm about to hit the
next level a street fighter well I can't
level up which is hideous you know
they're like a little dragon balls you
like Dragon Ball right babe it's a
different game for you sweetie hey you
guys want to know a secret okay for all
you guys who watch the vlogs know how me
and Gina skip that I put up says to be
continued I mean I'm not gonna do it
ending today I needed to put a video up
you know and the editor was like was
like um I was like hey man can you send
me the cut because the ending fucked up
because remember we did not we didn't
have the costume now I was gonna end it
with and then I really needed to put a
video yeah because um at the end when I
shout out that I shout out an app write
some content I was like oh bro today
they're like so to be continued at the
end of that bitch it looks like there's
gonna be a part two but there's not I
like how everyone's doing she's not
towards Ricky she I feel like I'm like
alright just keep that back
so so quick with oh geez I watched the
vlogs you guys got the inside info but
sorry sorry sorry but we still gotta do
more skits together though yeah because
you're funny huh yay good morning y'all
so it's an action-packed fun-filled day
today cuz we got a lot of shit and you
gotta get done I'm here with Rick we are
here at PD Flo's compa studios right and
what we're doing is recorded azuz so
people know about yourself up for so so
what's going on as we worked with Fox to
shoot a couple videos that are inspired
by the new show ghosted which premieres
on october 1st at 8:30 p.m. pacific time
so we got to knock out these two skids
today and we just here we have the
studio Gus is here
so Benny soon Rick's key we got to wait
a baby as I guess they were the
Vietnamese by here in these streets and
um should be a fun one man let me just
I'm gonna carry I'm gonna carry a
fucking giant one of these whenever that
from now on
while we asked her I just didn't want to
text you back okay you use too many
emojis second skip of the day we out
here at the what's the what's the listen
a minister Eisenberg studios and she's
crazy
they don't even smell it what I I it's
like a in a walk we at Asian burg you
know Dana so I got turned it into I got
some lovely ladies playing my
ex-girlfriends hey listen what's up
what's up hello hello hello mo put don't
shoot guys before everybody's Instagram
right here hey how are you what's good
what's good the loveliest lady on deck
and Javan sir what you want him remember
the night we hooked up it was horrible
yes but let me tell you why if the last
shot of the night yes we are
Lee Ann here doing it's the it's the
final shot of the night what's good
what's good man look look these people
were like we need you to get views on
this video Tim anyway we gonna have to
click make these people brother
so yeah would you be down to getting a
little baby food please and no end but
but like luckily for me uh you can like
act
thank you you can act in so dope hey hey
hey so uh I appreciate you make sure you
follow her on Instagram what's the
Instagram Oh chip I'm gonna put it
anyway think they gonna be all up in the
comments asking anyways so shout out to
this man right here come on coming
through to my mom to show you the first
grade school teachers don't get shots
all my homies on the block straight up
you know this is why you went to film
school you don't say but it's right here
right dawg that's right hey all these
people that came through clutch for me
that I help me shoot this shit right now
so I appreciate all oh wait that is that
is way better you right you're right
okay anyway let's do it again
what what what's gonna happen is I'm on
some free breads please chef it may well
be now I'm trying to get asked for the
vlog all right so uh what wasn't happen
is I'm gonna come in she's gonna be in
there chillin excuse me
so here's something you got to know when
you're working with brands okay there's
always a lot of back-and-forth a lot of
notes a lot of ideas being thrown around
and for this particular deal you know
they wanted me to get like a lot of
views you know of course that's what
they want of course they want views you
know I'm saying of course I want to both
find something creative that we agree on
that
I think is funny and that I can get some
money off of you know I'm saying in this
case I knew they want to view so I was
like I'm throwing some clickbait booty
for y'all you know I'm saying I'm gonna
shoot this booty hot tub scene so I got
have it in thumbnail get some guaranteed
clicks but after watching it they was
like the booty is too much cut the booty
you know saying so the booty is not in
the main skit that I shot for them which
is on my main channel right now which
which y'all need to go watch because if
it helps me get used and that's that's
good because that'll help me get more
brand deals and then I could pay for
this wedding but but I did I have this
amazing butt shot of LeAnn's
figure out throw it in the vlog for you
guys so so here you go the uncut ass
just all in the camera
alright go follow LeAnn - okay okay I
got you a special delivery and some
spicy Thai sausage uh-oh
and then you just got up and left for no
reason to get ice I've got some ice okay
what I was so confused like is it
possible that she was turned off by my
naked body no way the Royal penis is
clean your highness thank you
King shit
