okay so it's time we say bye to Angie
Garcia
he's going to Vegas with sexy ass Brian
boost post and Brian I yep there he take
a shower oh for sure
Oh ladies let her hear that Brian a post
is negative they're doing choreo seconds
dig around like this she Wiggles this
you agle me Eric had been on a mission
for the past couple hours trying to find
a macaroons place in Long Beach I've
never actually had a macaroon I think I
bit like one one time but I've never
actually legit had one Riggs never even
try them we see them all over Instagram
all over tumblr we like what's the hype
about you know saying so you wanna try
it try your first macaroon done swirl
swirl it around in the air and you know
it's robust nice and robust
taystee
about the f1 it got the different
flavors here imma grab his lemon oh oh
don't these look like little vaginas
now you look you got to turn them
sideways look that is how a vagina I
mean it's not usually this much shit
coming out of their lips but baby here
basically that is like you know like a
vagina right there you know you got a
little side coochie lips you got a
little slip there down the middle this
is you know like a little like juice or
you know little hairs on the lips
every time I think coochie guess what
guys it's midnight and it's cheese
birthday with a very happy birthday
happy birthday to ya girl you know ah is
your birthday why are you in a wet wait
no you want you right okay this is good
so it is January 10th its Gia's birthday
woke up early trying to fly to Canada
Canadian right now for the birthday
birthday festivities what is that happy
birthday to you yeah you know what I
want for my birthday what do you want -
nine months
so as you can see I am NOT in cheese
room right now I'm actually in a hotel
in Chicago because um let me tell y'all
man after waking up at like 6:00 a.m.
going to the airport flying to Chicago
being in the Chicago Airport for like
three hours on a layover I was about to
go fly the Chia on this last flight and
there's like a snow storm in her hood
and Canadia
so all flights going into that city got
cancelled and now I'm stuck here
and I can't even be with my baby or
birthday I mean now all I can do is them
just get on tumblr and show maybe order
some porn on the TV here and you know
Christ sorbate which is like you know
using masturbating while using your
tears for lubrication you know I'm
saying or you know the people in England
call it cranking cuz you know they call
masturbation wanking cry wanking
cranking all I can do is put on porn and
crank all night
that's my British accent although my
shit got cancelled I decided to step out
with my boys are gone here in Chicago
it's taking me about town where we at
bro go so taco jargon raps as well would
be where can they find you in this guy's
hotel room
wha-bam don't be gay bro don't be gay ok
we're here with words chillin eating
tacos tacos and fried kimchi fries and
tacos
was the night really dark Toxocara me
took me out appreciate it Brad yeah and
now I need to go to sleep cuz I got an
early flight to go see my baby and yeah
man ladies follow him he has long hair
he's cute cities and the only thing yeah
you got a long dick all right Jonna have
a good night good morning now it's time
to see if we can fly to see much here
hopefully the weather is ok Thank You
Chicago it's been fun
I bet it does what I really know all
right so let me tell y'all what happened
okay
my flight going out of Chicago left
super late so I missed my connection in
Denver to go to Chia town and now I'm
stuck here in Denver for another like or
five hours until this nighttime flight
hey baby
so now I'm just here chillin in Denver
man sucks and she was supposed to we're
supposed I was opposed have dinner with
her family is shit pizza and ice cream
tonight airplane terminals Aransas and
what's your name thank you for watch now
we're gonna have an airport party guess
what guys I'm still at the airport five
hours six hours later my flight got
delayed again and as you can see it's
nighttime now and I'm here and I'm
saying order to burn order to beer
figured I'd drown my sorrows in
cholesterol and beer I'm gonna be all
fat she's not even gonna want to mess
with me cause I'm all fat and shit all
right so this dude right here works in
the airport what's up bro so man what's
up man you can't give me no hook-up give
me on a plane give me on a private plane
or something I can get you in a tunnel
and a little time Jonathan Jonathan
thanks for watching bro I've been
watching for pussy
a real fan would have got me on some VIP
shit so chillin here ran into another
YouTube
vitalyzdtv check me out vitalyzdtv he
did that zombie prank was all over
worldstar and of the world prank funny -
it's funny dude
moment of truth oh my gosh guys
after three airports like 40 hours of
traveling bro I'm finally here and she
is hood but you know what it's worth it
I left my house at 7 a.m. on Thursday
and right now it's 1 a.m.
technically saturday is when I'm here
right now it's craziness all so I'm
finally gonna give gia her birthday
present here you go
I wrapped it in my drawers I hope it
birthday birthday you're messing up the
video we spent hours and miles watch
because you found it on she saw it on
Pinterest that you wanted this watch
dude you're wack stalking there you try
yeah looks stupid now break it don't
that's what I tried to do there we go ah
there we go
boom BAM just with the links and I got a
discount because a couple of the
crystals are missing the Royal penis is
clean your highness
Thank You King shit
