so my mom's digging up all this old
stuff from way back when but she found
like my gameboy color and like all my
games in here I got the pokemon yellow
edition you know I'm saying just a bunch
of stuff and she found some of my old
artwork from when I was an art student
look ma I'm so so so I took a you know
like a new like a figure figure drawing
class where we had nude models come in
and that was a black dude big oh dude I
scare my mom and I said big old so I'm
over here at the restaurant visiting
with them and with taupe it was nice
what's up my name is Darren from Georgia
from Georgia sweet and help you bro
this ain't cool man thanks for watching
the videos I've been watching this since
like sixth grade
hey sweet man and thank you for your
lovely parents for bringing you the
class and you know stuff chitchat
sitting down having Phil - OOP hey
Darren thanks for watching
how's that food man which I know like
that all school drew here
they thing about you all the time
morning noon a shepherd a baby swallow
you like Reese's Pieces come on girl you
know what needed it ain't supposed to be
a thing we feel we don't have to I'm a
go finally go try and get this car
they weren't believing how much money I
was making last year's lied to come with
the Social Security and the freaking a
tax refund I mean what's the Cawood tax
return all that stuff man so now I'm
gonna go up there and I'm gonna get this
card I don't even want anymore I'm gonna
get it just like a throw in his face you
know so I'm sitting here at this out a
dealership as you can see it's out he's
on the wall party out he's out there
behind a cars or leasing or buying a car
is such an annoying process like it
takes forever they need all this
paperwork I want it to be like look
motherfucker
I got money take my money and give me my
car and they don't even bring you know
good shit while you're waiting Louie the
time you buy a belt or something they
bring you some champagne like it's a
party howdy dealership brings us water
and cookies how was your cookie Brooke
Rick Brooke and Rick so after all day
being at this dealership check it out
guys got me a little new Christmas
present for myself
no I'm saying not bad not bad is gonna
help me out with taxes and you know it's
just gonna it's gonna cool you know I
know it's a little douchey but I figured
2013 is the year I embrace the douche
you know I'm saying
we have matching hoodies on what's up
man what do they do this is a Arthur J
Cortes and cheddar sweet or different
saddle yeah yeah shoutout to Salle
University mm-hmm
deep listen hello ru yeah see that's how
you should do it man nice and quick all
the shoutouts man and their parents they
get for bringing them hey hello so cool
you Lorenzo
what's up bro what you from Denver says
go sweet well thanks for coming to the
restaurant bro
hey thanks man he right yeah how are you
ma'am 14
bill hey what year olds holler at this
dude right here good-looking dude and
he's well dressed
he has braces so is he they're gonna be
like as perfect as mine soon so I just
kid I it's a uh it's a rainy day it's a
super rainy today and I picked up a
hitchhiker on the side of the road yeah
what's that babe a welcome back how's it
feel to be back there's like home babe
this is home guess what guys I finally
cleaned my bathroom because she is
coming back I literally like this is the
first time I played my bathroom since I
moved in I actually washed my sheets for
the first time because she washes her
sheets every like how much once a week
every Sunday is believing what laundry
bathroom you do it once women women but
you love you know right look if I keep
my ass clean and my body clean and
smelling good and looking good then who
cares my she's the dirty babe right look
like you keep all your shit clean but
like your booty be stinking like that
that that thing may be stinking
her she smells like her she smells so
good
then we finna go home and fuck in have a
great time talking and reminiscing you
cuddling watch Netflix so me and she are
about to exchange Christmas presents
since we weren't together on Christmas
but you got from YouTube it been fake oh
it's an electric tooth which were you
trying to stay I've never had an
electric toothbrush before and it's cool
cuz it charges in that glass what yeah
that's right it has like five like
different like settings why there's like
a for what I don't know read it
Oh sensitive that's good I have really
sensitive gums my gums are receding baby
you're not even getting me thanks baby
do you like it I know I really do it'll
I'm gonna use it everyday
okay I don't think you've met Beth put
your hand out
didn't were you looking at that or was i
tripping no okay
so these gloves you can text with these
gloves yeah like you can but the thumb
and the index finger you can text with
them so I know it's like mad cold in
Canada so now you don't have to take
your gloves off when you send the text
message you don't say bless you have a
sexy fucking sneeze right there you
better do it again bless you hell yeah
two times twice the sexy oh you can dope
right cool
yes son thanks babe and you like it cuz
I live in the igloo thank you you don't
even like it no I do you hate the purse
hi Jocelyn she got hungry right so I
made this snack that I invented back
when I was a little ass kid because my
mom used to eat bananas with cheese and
then I started snowing like Doritos in
the mix all right so that's bananas and
cheese and Doritos okay try one this
bomb is long catch I won you got you two
all together
you gotta eat all at once that's at the
same damn time bad you gotta take a
big-ass bite yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
mm-hmm how you like that see
yeah yeah I know it's weird but it's
good right yeah the Royal penis is clean
your highness thank you
King shit
