so guys look look it's not a your screen
alright guys so I just watched the
notebook for the first time with Gia
and I've decided I'm going to go back to
Paramount and I'm gonna build her a
house with a little room where she can
do nails okay mm-hmm that's what you
want right yes do you wanna see I'll be
paying attention man I'll make you a
room we can do nails it's gonna be and
then the house is gonna be white with
fuchsia shades because I what you want
right
you're rich Rhian artwork in one room
and in Salvadorian artwork in the other
room so we can have all your shit from
your culture and shit right no damn
armpits though look at OnPoint though
and my armpits looking nice they're not
hairy though I promise is the shadow it
is and I'm ready to cuddle and read you
what happened to you till you're old and
then we can both die together
okay shit was that tonight babe we're
dying together tonight no tonight
tonight's the night we die good morning
Scioscia made me some breakfast ham
breakfast and today she's actually gonna
go to work she's gonna leave me from
what time do you work went to five one
two five so I'm just gonna be in here in
her house for four hours running amok
naked with peaches tossing peaches
around dipping her in barbecue sauce and
shit I can I will not I haven't cleaned
the toilet in my condo since like five
liter twice and stuff but like here's
the thing it doesn't get dirty yes it
does
babe unless there's poo stains against
the toilet
area there's no reason to scrub you know
you got there some eggs so she left me
right to go to work but I'm chilling in
her room and I found Kung Fu Panda
holidays special on Netflix I'm good
peaches you horny horny peaches I can't
get you daddy I give you mommy daddy I
can't get peaches please oh my gosh this
is inappropriate peaches peaches you are
so bad
peaches okay okay so choke you to ass
you little dirty okay fine oh I'm sorry
okay look but don't touch huh oh do me
you nasty okay freak you try to do
peaches you got some shitting yeah I
gotta clean that out she is at work she
is that work no I will not eat Jax I
would not do that beaches
okay so she is dad is cooking us in JIRA
suite what is it what is it I don't know
what it is just like flour and like and
and what's that and there's onions and
just onions inside cool and tomatoes
cool
look at this madness guys how do you
live here how do you live here how do
you survive we're talking about frizzy
oh I got my bangs on but they look like
sneakers so now comes the time where I
leave Chia and fly back home towards
warm and nice don't worry baby we're
gonna get you out there so you know you
don't think there's no the trees does
look very pretty yes but after a while I
was just another branch covered in white
shit you know so get you down late a few
months so would you think when when you
want to move out tomorrow Chi is moving
out tomorrow guys and before you know
crank out some babies from a mom and dad
and hopefully they come out cute mixed
babies always come out really cute or
really ugly you know so I mean you wanna
get one out of my life forever
actually for 11 days we'll be back in
like a week and a half to LA and
bobbitt no you're not guys she's
recording me for her blog right now
no she's not oh now that I'm back home
as usual it's back to work I'm in a PD
flows room and look who's trying to get
sexy over here with his perfect push-ups
and his weights I guess somebody got
okay he has a girlfriend ladies okay
fall back right and she's hot
wait that wasn't recording was it
shout-out to Monica and the homies that
popular demand for sending me a box of
free shit like this bandana and let's
see in like this hoodie and this shirt
and this beanie and this hat - I don't
think I can wear this hat it would not
be good for me to wear this hat in the
area that I'm in but thank you for my
free shit and yeah I guess what else I
found guys my flip with unreleased
footage uh-oh so back to work guys as
usual we just started day one of
shooting this chunk dirty webseries I
rigged him okay a young hunk PD flow
directing oh hi hello who are you honey
honey makeup girl make me look cute
right now because as you know I have
blemishes on the regular and yeah you
know oh and see now I'm found of course
hey and it's about to get real serious
up here real funny real serious we just
wrapped for the day yeah
we got another full day tomorrow thank
you to Lauren will come into being it
today thank you
getting some sushi with my friend you
might have seen her an old coops you
guys loved her in the older logs this is
a Yaya hi is it gonna hello which grab
some sushi over here kabuki yeah man
grubbing with the homies oh I did I did
a Valentine's Day video with David Choi
and she was there and was lighting it
and she was there and oh yeah she are
really excited about bagels I thought it
was funny
right yeah I was like yo did you just
quote anchorman and then you started
quoting nacho libre and it was like my
two favorite movies and and we've been
we've been we've been friends ever since
right at the end okay so I'm reading the
comments on my prank video that I put up
recently today actually and you know I
put in the cop in the title watch the
whole thing before leaving dumbass
comments and I forgot one that people on
YouTube don't read and two that people
are stupid cuz like my you know my first
thought was like I'm gonna make this
prank video and then I'm just like and
after like a minute that shit people
gonna be like wait what the fun this
isn't a prank tim is crazy this is a
skit but nobody's paying attention cuz
as you can see I don't know if you can
see I don't know what y'all are getting
but half the comments are like is this
fake or real fake this is fake that's
like I'm in a green-screen courtroom I'm
getting I'm I'm getting raped in jail of
course this is fake you stupid stupid
kids and it's like it's funny you know
I'm saying cuz I feel like oh man I
tricked these kids but like it's
frustrating at the same time
- it's like don't cha look do did you
guys watch the did you guys watch the
vid what I don't know of it I love you
Otto
watch the video if you have yes sorry I
killed it the Royal penis is clean your
highness thank you
King shit
