so I saw my brother on my red lobster
with my dad and these dudes are like
fans and they were about to take a
picture in the mirror and this dude and
yeah go much on the run soon one day fun
day took my dad to Red Lobster
since mom is still in Thailand was a
lobster that's crappy fool me before -
I'm four but um good morning guys it's
6:30 and I'm back at the airport once
again I know so many vlogs start off
this way but flying to Orlando for the
weekend and check out my really cool new
phone case huh I've got the golden
ticket get out so this can see we're
going in
oh it's too foggy out here what the fog
fuck's going on so I finally checked
into my hotel room in Orlando and the
homie Tony - that brought me out hook
this shit up check it out
boom got a kitchen over here this is my
whole little TV area and this is all me
in here okay it's just me
uh-huh we got the bedroom oh let me show
you this bathroom man is that thing was
crazy okay we got the bathtub
alright and then but just shower though
okay these showers are crazy because
look look look what happens what happens
go ahead in the lens turn it on look it
not only does it rain down on my head
but it hits my face neck area I went
this down to my dick balls area and then
this is on my thighs or knees or
whatever but my whole body is being the
dick part is the most amazing part it's
just it's so it feels like it feels so
good you know if I got 40 minutes hour
just now just because of this big part
right here since my so we bout to head
out for cat's birthday right here yeah
we out here bringing this what
wait who you let him know let him know
okay let him know yeah yeah she's
married guys she's married she's married
okay
that's what's up pancit how do you say
I'm not Filipino okay you know in a
minute let's graph it show us your
ratchetness um I'm off you know you
missed it across it this response again
is going at me a million views what's
not distant boy Tony ku yeah shuts it
down shutter on my brother
yeah I brought him out tonight Roxy you
know we fight every first Friday by
hotdogs we do pop okay so we are we
going a universal right now
so here we go we just pulled up to the
club lines mad long how you feeling bro
it's my birthday Tony ku word of a
nightclub shout-out to Timmy weren't out
of luck see we're here we're here you
know if you doing entire and should it
be my love yeah yeah yeah everybody's
looking
yeah
so what's up guys my dad just picking up
in the airport I'm back home he made me
some of my favorite chicken
now we're just chilling and before I get
the is she gonna be mad comments oh my
god if Tim was my boyfriend I'd be so
mad comments look man we have a mature
relationship and and here's the thing
I'm not like getting head from these
girls I'm just partying with them and
taking pictures they're my new friends
you know what sigh I didn't I didn't
like squeeze any boobies or anything you
know I'm just like I'm filming it for
you guys like I've seen a titty I've
seen a titty a million times I'm
shooting it for you guys that you know
I'm bringing you with me and she knows
that I told her I was like babe I'm
partying with these girls I didn't touch
nobody I can kiss nobody I knew that
she's like I know babe I trust you love
you blah blah blah and I'm trying to go
see you next weekend so it's all good
I'll take you next time dad the Royal
penis is clean your highness thank you
King shit
