I'm or we got batty orthodontics in
Cerritos and because I lost my retainers
in Australia so I'm here getting fitted
for a new retainer
I'm here with dr. battey hey how y'all
doing what's up man and he has a youtube
channel too let's hear you to tell
youtube.com slash batty orthodontist so
yeah so check it out if you want to get
your braces done they got nice like palm
trees over here nice and relaxing my
teeth are perfect as you can see so you
did a good job
and yeah thanks I appreciate it so these
kids right here uh kids a hit song a
mixie thug a man super then do with it
well bro well yeah I'll just get my hip
just do I hear Becca talking that's it
what's your name bro what's your name
bro
hi how are you
thank you so what happened right now is
these kids were like in the middle of
the street
skateboarding right so we're trying to
go around them and they're like they
started screaming bitch move bitch this
shit right so I stopped my car and I was
like what and then um I so in the end as
we roll down the window dude is like
dude is like man I ain't got time for
you so I'm like so we started driving
again and they start talking shit again
so I stop the car and put the camera on
them you know for you guys and don't
fuck around Tim don't fuck around
even with this big-ass pimple on my nose
I don't fuck around so after a long day
of car shopping
me and Erica cbk our old alumni and alma
mater and we're getting some my pizza
salad I'm Lady Mary's some hey now we're
gonna take some shots and you know cuz
I'm gonna take advantage of them tonight
me and Rick are doing this
meet-and-greet thing for rodeo arcades
like merch and we're at the promenade
this is actually where I had my first
date with the girl I lost my virginity
to anyways so here's the PowerSearch
arcade pop-up thank you for coming thank
you come on come on yo so this chick was
that a mean beat on the East Coast and
now you're here rocking my stuff again
thank you
Saburo so Jesse here you know from the
East Coast it's all that I have a
Christmas tree my vlog and made me an
ornament oh so nice so hey if you guys
want to make me a Christmas ornament and
send it to me send it to my fuel box
people box two zero nine seven paramount
California nine zero seven two three
Timothy DeLaGhetto all right the first
one thank you it's the best thank you
three miles on the livestreams telling
people how like la is too cool they
never want to come to me in Greece's
shit so this guy was watching it and
came and blood stirred hell yeah homie
what's your name my name is bricks West
LA thanks bro Vanessa I'm DJ DJ work
public and Frank on YouTube word all
right so we just wrapped up the roadie
arcade mean greet now I'm heading to Cal
State Long Beach going to the Filipino
Christmas peste gonna have a little
meet-and-greet meet some pens and uh
yeah then it's just a meeting greeting
last day I'm fan
thanks man okay all right okay thank you
thank you
Riggs showing everyone pictures of his
dick right now and as you can see the
Asian girls love him and they're amazed
by how dirty it is
guys guess what guys Chia made an
Instagram babe what tell Cher
babe what's your Instagram so all these
creepers can go look at the sexy
pictures of you when you don't suppose
they creatures that you just take
pictures of yourself and then you'll get
a bunch of likes or do what a lot of
girls a lot of girls just take like
screenshots of lame pictures from the
computer and put it on their instagrams
and they're like oh my god this is so
funny laugh my ass off or they're like
screenshot really lame conversations
they have with their friends they're
like oh my god I can't I cannot with
this conversation right now that's what
they do this
what oh yeah that's right but yours this
funny kinda yeah I wasn't even trying to
be funny
no but you didn't tweet it out to all
your people though yeah okay so you're a
better alright I'm here at yeah at the
Japanese castle in paramount and getting
some sushi with my dad as you can see
you know
sup sup I was actually supposed to be at
a big YouTube collaboration thing at the
site they built today but I woke up and
it was rainy and I was sleepy and my
blanket was so comfy and then I was like
hey Dad you want to get some lunch
instead so you know sometimes you know
you gotta put the work aside and really
make time for those people you care
about you know right dad I'm right damn
right
making more often on ok ok so I'm
getting my makeup done for this crazy
skit I wrote it's like probably the most
complex crazy guys it's just me you just
one just one
ok ok ok yeah so PD flow directing this
skit right hand it's weird that you're
recording at all cuz usually don't
record ya know it's use me not recording
you know get it all set up here come on
box over there everybody for the big
theme you know so I just wrapped up this
really nerve-wracking audition which
could be really good if I get it
I was kind of nervous but I think it
went well
and yeah man instead of fighting traffic
back to LA I decided to just pull over
and watch the sunset over a Santa Monica
beach cause it was looking so dope
oh and before we close this vlog out I
notice it feels a little intimate right
now sorry I'm editing I just wanted to
say that Orlando Florida I'm gonna be a
club vane on Saturday celebrating Tony
Coons birthday we're gonna be up there
with Genevieve Chanel luck Cebu Ellen
Navarro and nataliemarie so come through
look at the flyer look how look how sexy
these girls look on that flyer okay come
through come say what's up saturday club
vein Orlando teeth have a good night
the Royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
