so breakfast a super fan meeting great
dinner how's that you say what did you
have yeah my mushroom me thank you for
my presence thank you yay thank you hey
hi hello check this out guys chicken
stock check this out background static
yeah thank you thank you thank you yeah
so this dinner is over finally get to go
home tomorrow everyone take a picture hi
she's taking pictures these guys all up
in my shit this guy's all up in the shit
all the time always creeping up behind
me Oh get off me
so after four hours to Sydney in another
14 hours to LA finally and another hour
and immigration line finally finally
back home in LA my dad picked me up
again from korean BBQ and Rick's here to
that yeah oh my gosh my bed my beautiful
bed come to me oh yes
oh I want to go get a haircut at the
capsule in LA and I ran into this guy
right here if you guys watch I don't
have a female viewers if you watch
makeup makeup gurus his girlfriend is
heart yes sir and um yeah what's your
name bro introduce you to our YouTube
channel 80 TV with two E's it's kind of
hard to spell but it's all good let us
know yeah oh yeah yeah we he's been in
past blog we party together in vegas
with all the Guru's and now it's gonna
go on a random mandate to you know fight
off shattuck yeah bromance all day
please got his haircut too yeah yeah
we're looking for that shit okay so i'm
here eating at a palms restaurant in LA
like i always do in Hollywood and they
all hi hi okay so over here money killed
chicken having a business meeting
discussing a new skits new chunk dirty
and a salad riccitelli good line no he's
not many people here
and Sal him George me got some dope shit
coming your way guys this way yeah paper
so we are here annual christmas tree
lighting a parable they got a little
quiet country 593 it's Mexican
everywhere oh but it's okay we used to
that we used to that I'm scared Eric
spam based on here you know it's all of
those it's like I'm back in high school
you know
well I so we had this tree lighting and
I ran to the fans of your hair yeah yay
so I got invited to this ok youtube
opened up this whole big space for like
partners and talents to come use and
sick and so there's this big event that
that we got invited to it's all raining
this is Nikki limo limo and yeah so
we're here about to go uh you know you
tube it up and drank in like there's
probably gonna be free drinks free
drinks all night the reason I came let's
go yo look at the food they got us son
this shit is free bro they got the
oysters
calamari laughter
crab and shrimp is shit yo they hook
this shit up son about to go in they got
the pig they got the pig on deck daddy
got this goes yeah bro like a Tory
killing that shit is always guys guys
Tori Kelly killing it killing it as
always yay and hey my Medicaid have no
use it yeah yeah yeah thank you thanks
to her thanks to her and to me anta mom
I so this is pretty crazy YouTube was
built like this huge studio just for us
to use like this is a giant green screen
right here
this is ty bro is crazy no we're
smoothing in the rain and we looking
join us guys here did you get some crab
did you get some free lobster though yo
this is the hood its ratchet over there
I went over there thank you see me the
children would I went up there with a
ziploc bag he still uses a flip I do
what were you use I keep it real oh you
know they don't I ordered on ebay Oh
pinterest are you did you fuckin do you
sell order the blog I you the same
camera just refuses look at this shit
Wow oh it's they know I use a flip for
native yeah they know that's a change
and you know what they don't care
because the quality of the video is
amazing right yes oh yeah in 2000 82
decisions to go up in square dude day
stories are the same thing welcome to
2008 heroin role I like I like a flip
okay shit just getting hello Jimmy
delaghetto miss sure fancy-pants
cinematography over here talking about
left em you guys don't know who I am but
it's nice to see you guys they do Rob
bill Phil Phil chow yeah so what do i do
when i'm finally home from one of these
trips guys gotta sit on my laptop and
pay a bunch of bills pretty dang
exciting right oh and look at this shit
jury duty well we're going into walmart
our walmart we're going to fuck one and
this do stop his car in the mid in the
middle of street and what did you come
out what did you come out do right now
bro thank you again hey yeah yeah oh you
guys thank you anyway it is awaitin
thanks vote have a good night man David
so stop by the 24 hour walmart because
wanted to pick up my first ever
Christmas tree he had but you know I got
my own little spot now so I decided to
get a little tree get festive you know I
got some stockings here cuz I got a
fireplace I got some ornaments and most
importantly had to get that magic mic on
blu-ray said now it's Christmas you know
sandy I'm ferric guys looks alone
facetiming with the lovely Miss chia um
subscribe to her YouTube channel miss
chia no it's just kidding she doesn't
have a channel doesn't have a job but
hey baby you like my tree like that shit
babe but someone was like on Instagram
they're like hey you should um put
panties on the tree and I was like I was
like hey that's a good idea but the only
ones that are like never mind I just
want to say that this saturday i'm doing
mad meet and greets and selling mad
merch if you're in LA and Long Beach in
LA on at around 12 to 2 i'm going to be
at the rodeo arcade pop-up shop at the
power surge arcade the address is in the
information and in the description below
you know how that shit works and then
from 3 to 5 i'm going to be at Cal State
Long Beach I'm have a little booth at
the pilipino christmas fest pests so for
325 over there so come say what's up if
you're in Long Beach selling merch as
well so come to come say what's up
alright have a good night and Merry
Christmas to the ho ho ho's the royal
penis is clean your highness Thank You
King shit
