so guess what guys we're waking up in
Sydney and city's beautiful by the way
thank you to everyone who came out last
night and the situation is oh hey let me
just tell you
Brisbane show is cancelled because by
the time this goes up you you guys were
already know and have been pissed off
let you know it's a bunch of bullshit
going on guys we really really wanted to
go to Brisbane okay but it got cancelled
let me just tell you they got running
this shit is broke any stupid alright
anyways we have no place to stay tonight
in Sydney and our flight is in two days
he couldn't even pay for it look
Victor's having for breakfast look so we
have no place to stay tonight we're
struggling to find either a hotel or
some place to stay tonight and we have
no idea what's going on but thank you so
the family got me this fluffy thing I'm
over here maids barbershop in Sydney
what's up man what's up what's up bro
and you know after a stupid-ass week you
know had to come via fresh ovations
nothing like a good haircut made me feel
better about my life well we're gonna
leave a fresh I'm saying
I'll show you style yeah you know yeah
you know wallaby dingo ate your baby cut
so homegirl Ginny Ginny Ginny came to
the rescue
and it's a bunch of crazy shit going on
I mean should be having in the whole
week man of everybody's kind of split up
right now we're all trying to figure out
what we're doing how we're getting home
if we're doing these last couple of
shows like it's just crazy right now but
imma grab some food with her and Rick
are we gonna chill because she has she
the leggings on guys so we're not sure
you bring the Ale back
now we're gonna catch it all right we're
here in Australia I'll bet we got a
redneck Turkey here perfect for
Thanksgiving
red head yellow neck turkey
I won't behind you Bondi Beach in Sydney
Banda real pretty
we're so ginsa casue all the holes are
at Darling Harbour and look at all them
hos white one to white hos in Australia
here we are darling harbour how it
should be pronounced but uh how do I say
it
so we were having drinks chillin right
and we're about to do this use a whole
freestyle part too and these people saw
and you read the news I started clapping
now he's singing this is gonna warn you
right here this morning
amia Rick aren't a part of the first
show because the guy that runs the venue
or owns the venue finds me offensive or
something like that I don't know why hey
night fuzzy
um to take us to the beach today
you know the zoo the zoo today the super
the zoo which is picking me Rick and
there's little panda bear back there to
the beach we have at the zoo and we have
a good check it out guys a koala but I
think those are fake because they're not
moving monkeys running running yeah yes
it's me from YouTube bro its tivity do I
get a hook or an ass girl that's how I
like them dark
so I'm walking to trying to get a view
of a Sydney and I look like look and
there's a fucking pika oh how close can
I get to it so here we have the black
bear looking all majestic the guy's a
real live dinosaur what'd you say he's
looking for data they look a lotta puss
you come here oh don't be run away from
me girl
so at the three chips Australia I
finally get to see some friggin
Australian kangaroos I've seen him in
San Diego but my goodness even in
Australia the legit ones you know I'm
saying I mean I've seen kangaroos in San
Diego before but but these have cool
accents I'm a kangaroo snice I'm annoyed
kangaroo get in my pouch check it out
guys
there's an Outback in the outback
straight cut so after all the bullshit
man basically me and Rick we're faced
with the option of what we're gonna do
we had to book our own flights to Perth
and we decided to stay in Sydney for a
couple more days and we're like man we
might as well just have some fun while
we out here man so look at this place we
got that yeah yo check it out check it
out there's like a little living room
and there's like a little dining area
over here peep that beautto peep that
viewed oh look at that so nice looking
over the city it's looking over Darling
Harbour and got got my own bathroom in
here that's my Australian in here come
in a little room Rick called dibs on the
nicer room before I could get it damn it
look the clouds even look nicer than his
room yeah I love chairs look at this
look at this has a bath he doesn't think
that I
what I just realized well that's a
hatter what okay we start getting this
shit together
well you better leave that door locked
cuz I'm happenin with you Rick the Royal
penis is clean your highness Thank You
King shit
