first of all it's your birthday today it
is my birthday today happy birthday
thank you yes and I know everybody on
their birthday likes to get laid oh of
course of course birthday sex is always
nice yeah that's why I'm gonna fuck you
after this dude that's why I didn't
bring move
one time I went to Vegas with the boys
we were there for like a whole weekend
and the whole weekend we're trying to
hit on girls and pick up at the club and
pick up wherever wherever you know so
anyway so we're all prepared we are more
like a hot tub well this alcohol you
know just prepared for ladies to come
threat so I'm walking around and I see
this cute asian chick just you know
she's playing the slots I'm like okay
cool she looks like know maybe she wants
might wanna hang out you know where's a
penny slots cuz i think that's
attainable dimes times ok so that'll
ever know yeah razor stand is a little
bit exactly I just walk up to word I'm
like hey so you know house has Leah how
that has a gambling going and you know
somebody fuckin stupid I the cherries
yeah like a yard it that's a great big
of life like what are you getting into
right now she's like God no like okay
well um you know if you want to come
like have a tank later you know it's
just you know just come hang out I've
got I'm gonna do she's like okay yeah
sounds good she's loved your number like
college weight easier than I thought
awesome she calls me she's like hey um
he's wanting out the cash like are you
take care of me neither of course didn't
I hang up with what does that mean you
know there oh my yeah who cares Evan so
so then I go down to meet her at the
elevator and she's and she's walking up
to me with two guys I was like pots
weird these maybes your friends makes
her think I'm sure time ago
and I start thinking take wasn't he'd
take care of take care of us I mean and
then some thinking and I think o.o way
to take something's not right here she
is sick do you think or somewhere else
ya need to kind of sell yeah I'm like
something isn't wasn't right I'm just
gonna write in take care of this will be
right come on
awesome my friends are now are all
they're just gonna hanging out with
their dicks out ready awesome to watch
and that is not an intimidating room to
walk Edmund at all that's what I'm
saying so I walk in and we sit down and
pour a little drink so that I'm like hey
let me ask you something uh are you here
cuz you wanna you know be here or are
you looking for some type of like you
know you do want something in return you
for compensation shit yeah so then she
goes well i'm there today and yes I'm
you know I'm here you know but doing
what I do would have you know so like oh
which could be okay if doing what she
does means giving him blowjobs shaking
your hand in and leaving yeah but it's
not she wants money bright she was so I
asked her hope you just out of curiosity
so how much does cost where she's like
no no we don't talk like okay she's like
okay well how much do you have that's
actually time yeah that's a mercy Adams
you have I'm like nothing it's bread at
all and then I walked the elevator she's
like well thank you for that
so I guys wouldn't even do that I was
like sure have a good night and you know
that was it Wow so have you had any
other experience with a prostitute um I
mean only the ones I'd pay for sex right
right right yeah well you know best of
luck next time in Vegas hopefully find a
real hey my old woman hi alright see you
bike this is all right
