like the dirty talk yeah the dirty talk
what's up y'all so I am in Oakland
California the Bay Area the yay area as
some say here we're a except talk so
shout out the seat geek because Rick
Rick really want to go to a Raider game
great got roped into going not that
there's any shame and going to a Raider
game I mean yeah I hit my seat geek
people and I was like let's go with some
Raider game tickets so they said yes
I'll shout out to sea geek once again if
you ain't no see give the app that helps
you find the best tickets for your buck
get awesome it's super awesome it goes
to all the the seats and shit tells you
like it's a green for a good ticket for
the price and it's a red for a mint
ticket for the price you know I'm saying
so check out the app super sleeves you
can use my code tlg and you can get $20
off your first ticket purchase alright
just use my little code typing in good
to go walking over when I'm sweet
a lot of people suggested a spot called
monkey all right and I just want to say
thank you to everybody that suggested
Monkey King because this shit right here
brown dish you're a hero fire son by
year don't forget to follow my food porn
instagram send foods for all the lovely
pictures of food I'll be taking Monkey
King shots at the Monkey King
me not standup
I got a visit Michelle Martinez Miche
the singer we out here living in my
house for like a month word yeah we've
been all over the world it's kind of
crazy man
ya know she's been in my kitchen crying
a gang of times she fucking burned
herself like delicious office she makes
a delicious sausage it was some salty
ass fish good teller was obvious shit -
it's okay better sulk even bland you
know shout out to just do it over here
for buying me a bunch beer thank you
both so cheers Cheers thanks bro I don't
even like beer
so we bout to go out look along with
everybody
oh my god it's written on the Miche
bring on the media we're gonna be
singing all night at the club
yeah
alright time to leave the bay which
makes me sad because I always loved my
time in the Bay Area whether it be San
Francisco or Oakland or San Jose or
whatever I got mad love for the bay by
the way make sure you buy your read more
classics tree bought classics y'all they
look good with everything you know I'm
sad Oh make sure you watch my new skit I
just put up with Gina darling it's super
funny and and she's in lingerie a bunch
so so check that out that's that's
always good
all right Jeff bye bye sell selling buy
yeah sell buy buy and sell that ya know
do that let's go how are you in two
places
what the fuck whoa man that was crazy so
it's time to rebrand it's now timothy de
la suburbs and this is wrap it up yeah
weird I'm gonna like by yourself
wait what'd you eat
my next project like so my whole thing
was I was gonna put out three peas that
was gonna be for Korea but now I'm just
gonna make me regular just English
tracks or whatever and just you know
still target the audience there too but
I'm not changing anything okay yeah it's
just I'm working with Korean labels
that's giving me money so I got to do
stuff for there - all right live with a
tie EP coming from me when I start
again look for that there's some Thai
rappers yes titanium has been yet out
there I noticed this about Thai rappers
- they always like to put tie in the
baby
titanium there's like a crew caught
tycoon like whales like it's like we are
the most no look we're the easiest
punned so cute Tiger album you of the
tiger
