let's draw the silly host every time I
lose I
is that I bet it does what I really know
okay so we're in the hotel in Melbourne
Rick really wants to push me really hard
so is what we do how really important
forget girls push did to me blocking
guys up like hey guys we're in Melbourne
what's up
oh joy there see if they can hear us is
the golden gate time yes and I wanted it
okay time okay take them on their going
K time okay pounding okay it's just
right here so bomb called Golden Gate
times yeah it's like imagine a chocolate
eclair but covered in like happy John
John happy time totally like unicorn poo
rainbow rainbow I'm smothered with like
rainbows we're like bro how you doing
dog nice to meet you what's up are you
doing dog what's up what he ignoring you
I love you too bro thank you hey hey hey
you that no no no boys oh oh
whenever I go to either England or
Australia I gotta give the man those
chicken bro I mean this is or Canada a
certain pieces of the certain places of
Canada but but what Australia
yeah Ezra get on trying to sleep over
here in Australia can't even sleep good
oh now this is my 54 a lot of pooping a
lot of poop I'm pooping a lot out here
I'm getting on the 11 oh you got my dick
how you liking that Golden Gate I'm
though so isn't it bomb man man I'm
girls who told me that's a little more
bitter taste but Golden Gate ran through
the hey who are you hi thanks for uh -
hey hey look at you man you're in the
blog sweet let me - thank you
soju soju read this Awkward dinner right
where the super VIP ticket buyers are
gonna have dinner with us sit next to us
and these at the State Fair and so it
should be interesting but check out this
pimp as Giants baby picture behind me
though and the gold bracelet in the
Hawaii shirts like JB so it's the
beginning of this super awkward mandir
that we're gonna have right now and
they've arrived who are you my name is
Angelina shoutout to my girlfriend Kim
Kim
yes what's up guys Oh Derek a new Asian
dude don't wanna see that
that's a gay guy is it that there is
that's here
hey no no no we do this he did this they
do this okay so right this play is
called crazy wings okay they bring out
the wings on these little skewers and it
was like you need to get the crazy mean
the suppose to be like super spicy shit
all right
can you can you put that right there
okay are you ready
is there kick definitely kick boom find
it right now yeah they like kick me in
the back oh but it's a good though
no it's too spicy be good for sure I'll
find out right now if not as my I feel
that spicy as we know I had an Austrian
up somebody knows somebody else was
pretty good
hold that that that spicy for no reason
that many cakes as you have to pee right
so I waited background be real quick
like a real friend
everybody careful parking and now we're
just too cool to connect to that just
urban you like the five livin la vida
loca she had some fuckin truck
just jump like what what what baby Maria
but but but I think it again the Royal
penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
