okay
okay Wak Wak
so I guess aside from beer they also
have really cool architecture and stuff
here we're finally doing some
sightseeing today oh look at all these
Austrian thing when this guy looks like
a lot of One Direction member so here we
are out here in somewhere in Austria at
the top of some place in Austria and I'm
here with some chick in Austria and I
and we just are gonna do some something
here and where she's wearing
she's bottomless guys she's not wearing
any pants no guys she's wearing pants
now we're at a pretty little park
Pringle Park here like this it's always
pretty but like I can't I feel like it's
so boring to put on a vlog you know
people are expecting to be entertained
with the vlog no I don't care about this
pretty architecture and shit you guys
care about that
yes I'm gonna say that if I had my
camera I could hold like your eyes and
like the tree and shit
I guess not with these lollygaggers in
the background so where we are wrong
big-ass library the National Library Oh
halo is standing on the other side of
this thing crazy awesome
oh where he gives speeches is that cool
oh god this is where Hitler would get
his crazy and here's the scary plastic
man
I am so translated when you insert your
currywurst into the juggernaut then you
shrink into Church only eighteen jars
right okay hurry
he ordered the whoa you need a warning
there's Anna whirring that heater over
to order that soon I ever had in my life
I was gonna be regular spicy this is the
you confirm old Corsica guys so okay
ignore the pimple on my nose I had some
really stinky Italian food for dinner if
you didn't get what she was doing with
that she was exhaling at the same time
that I was blowing in her face to fight
it off so yeah smart you're smart to
smoke yeah good thing we don't smoke
okay hold your breath would you bet yeah
but girl take these garlic get this so
we just got to the venue it's pretty
sweet there's like lionfish and a wheel
and
it's cheers and chill tails and cheer
and yeah man everyone's here just
setting up their merchant merch what's
up Xbox commercial girl hey yeah dance a
little extra early here we got who are
you thank you Ken from cool and you
watch the videos and stuff thank you can
I say hi to my friend
yeah hey I'm on London love you and miss
you
you ready for this are you ready for
some you ready for this oh you ready for
the show once you're in
hey hey hey Troy what's up man
hey I like your like your shoes thank
you thank you you're so tall hey guess
what I mean Vienna Austria make some
noise
well what happens to each other opera
girls big duck looks like I mean I got a
homegirl right right she said she don't
mess with no pleasure for one okay no
sorry dart okay you know with them like
I'm just like what a girl closes doors I
was like can we go fuck with cleaners
and then you know Oh No
the suit with The Wizard of Oz look
check this out it looks like he has a
boner like he had the boner
it looks like the guitar players a boner
Candide
the show's over
and as good shown hang on some guys good
show oh good good show yes son
clap it up clap it up five with this
kind of show him back here yeah yeah the
fan GG gets thrown into the fan mix as
well and they all want to fix it yeah
like I left over Nestle Riga just gifted
Chia one of her custom bowties that she
makes here and where can they we're
gonna get these goodies that I'm stalled
necessary calm okay they're so human Oh
adorbs they have adorbs so now the
show's over no we decided not to go out
we're just chillin because we were tired
sleep you don't even want to cuddle the
royal pain is this clean your highness
Thank You King shit
