7:00 a.m. back at the airport about to
hop on his plane back to Atlanta and I
am exhausted hey what's up guys YouTube
celebrity
so everyone thinks me and Ryan he have
beef in the vlogs cuz we're never
together
I don't know why okay you're right I
can't stand that dude what do you think
about that bro
no no man trying to start beef we're
already I know let me get off this line
but hey hey so a lot of y'all may not
know this but I actually wear glasses I
have a pair of glasses that I wear
sometimes cuz I'm slightly nearsighted
but they're so big people think they're
fake you know so I tried on junior
quino's frames what do y'all think of
these on me you know I'm saying cuz I
don't really know what goes with my
big-ass round ass head you know let me
know let me know because I don't know
guys and you Garcia's poopy so instead
of going out tonight we decided to go
see movie we all went to see looper and
me and Rubik and Chester saw looper and
Andrews taking on Hooper so we're just
chilling after the movie and Angie was
facetiming with his little boy she's
crazy
he's crazy one he dropped the bars
FaceTime with his chick Andrews
facetiming with his little boy
and she is asleep
so here we are we're at the Atlanta
um-um venue Stennis days over here hate
that guy oh my hey guys so you know
we're chillin our liquor man
I don't even know I mean that
came out so so love to in Atlanta with
nothing is out of here what's up what's
up mister boy John O'Hare coming shot
support from a man thanks doc Thank You
Man appreciate it I gotta get the light
okay cool oh thanks man it was a good
job it's just fuckin word good job
so I'm hanging with Andrew yo what's up
what you gonna say hi Erick happy
birthday sweets birthday happy birthday
Rick
Oh charity on you but you bought your
presents you made it
thank you the lamp is supposed to be a
nigga right yeah right now we are going
down the escalator and we are taking a
tour of Zimbabwe as you can see there is
some ancient architecture from Zimbabwe
father will not be pleased playing with
the white Devils toy playing with you
white devil white devil white devil
believe it's racist man hey the quincy
water that is don't they have tension -
Kunta it is no any team here - babe
Zimbabwe they odd word from Zimbabwe oh
my goodness oh my goodness I cannot
believe we both to ride a plane right
now I don't know what to do this is
crazy
it's not racist it really isn't Zimbabwe
it really is art from Zimbabwe will not
be really
alright guys so it's 4:30 in the morning
we're back at the airport
and gonna hop on this flight to New York
and down two more cells good night good
night
sliders the Royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
