dude I've been in I've been in traffic
for like an hour now and this hands to
another meeting man in Beverly Hills
that bogey shit man Saks Fifth Avenue
right they all a booty booty shit you
know I know y'all seem you go on a lot
of meetings it's like we're all these
meetings for you know sometimes it
leaves a little dis little things here
and there sometimes it might potentially
be stuff for something big but doing
what I do you just the important part is
networking you know you got to meet a
lot of people build a lot of
relationships cuz you never know when
someone might have an opportunity for
something and then they're like man I
need somebody for this and then you pop
into their mind you know it's really
it's really all about networking man
more people you know the more
opportunities and more doors you're
opening up for yourself
all right so a little lesson for you for
power actions
I started action typical Rick what
typical Rick's make that a praying
mantis a brain
hey guys look this car in front of us
has a license plate dedicated to Riggs
testicles check it out it says milk dud
so as most of you know I put up a little
thing doing a fresh print scene the
other day and then a couple people like
two people commented Fresh Prince is
boring as shit and that episode was
whack as hell or some shit like that
so I commented and I was like dude
seriously you got to get blocked right
now for real
and then so I definitely blocked the
dude that said Fresh Prince is boring as
shit alright cuz he was arguing with
somebody else about The Fresh Prince I
was like get that get out of here man so
someone else responds to me and is like
wow really
you're gonna block him for having a
different taste in TV shows in you and
I'm like yes bull this is not just a TV
show this is the Fresh Prince of bel-air
okay it's real serious like it's that
serious
and this is my shit get out I can block
whoever I want and I was just talking to
Rick about this yeah you're allowed to
have your own opinion and disagree with
me except for about The Fresh Prince and
here's the thing it this is it you know
my comments aren't a democracy and I'm
saying this is my shit like it's it's a
I'm the dictator in my comments I can
block you and delete and can erase all
your comments if I want and you have no
right to whine about it I mean you can
whine about it but I'll fucking block
you you know I leave all negative
comments except for comments about Chia
and comments about The Fresh Prince
anything else you can talk shit about
unless people say you know like my mom's
ugly or something I'll delete that I
don't mind if people say they want to
have sex with my mom I feel like that's
a compliment
but if you were talking if you saying
she's ugly I'll delete it but she's not
ugly so I mean why would you even put
that so Rick whores sluts hey look home
with
hey hey streaming live so we just were
talking about the whites you have tour
yeah you know by ticket said here you're
in the blog in the blog go crazy
you had love now yo Luke who made
breakfast like a motherfucking champ oh
yeah that looks good huh
you got order out of like I uh you know
I'm saying except I'm Ty Ty hop I made
that up right now like right now yeah
yeah we're back in the studio we're
about to suit another episode of chunk
dirty but you got Rick here and yeah and
we got me here yay randomly just kind of
here for no reason
but it's okay we love me and we got a
special guest star today we show you
guys a little bit so you know how I was
trying to get sexy and work out and eat
healthy and shit right fucking Sal got
Rothko's for loves giant portions of
Roscoe's chicken and waffles
oh gosh macaroni and cheese man oil a
whole new bottle of Red Rooster
- oh yeah so we back in the studio
recording more shit for this chunk dirty
mixtape
cuz I'm a gangster period I got street
cred I'm a gangster make it bleed so we
have Venice Beach right now gonna meet
up with the turquoise Jeep guys music
video is always cracking out here bunch
of weird-ass people walking around
what's up baby
flip off it let's go man watching mo
turquoisey and he just got shit it
alright
no you gotta get like four seconds or
Riggs well what are you what are you hey
guys look who stopped by the sex castle
for visit it's Jay Oh bro
welcome to the opinion the sex test
there's six clicks last ex oh yes fun
okay scene for us that you did on the
boys didn't I see that's all you get
that's all you get the royal pain is the
clean your highness Thank You King shit
hey what's up guys I just want to say
real quick thank you to RZA one more
time for being in that skit with us that
was a real dope of him he's real cool
cat and you know it's crazy
whoo tang clan man Arisa 36 chambers
what's up and as a result of
and he has a movie that he wrote and
directed the man with the iron fists it
looks crazy Russell Crowe's and and Lucy
Liu a bunch of people you should check
it out the trailers down below if you
want to check that out and now I get
this place cleaned up because I wasn't
opposed see chief like another three
weeks but I was like man F that shit son
how bitch you girl so uh she's coming
out tomorrow and yeah you know gonna
turn the lights down low I wanna give
you some good good lovin right Oh
