so I'm going to Canada take care of some
business
oh and while we're on the subject right
now my dad was like hey stop stop using
birth control ring I'm being that's a
baby girl it's granddaughter nope what
the oh please like touching me a
daughter how about just sexy my that's
scary
I know relationships could always make
me sick
done with him then she came up and hit
me like some bricks a carnival so now my
mind struggles sister giant comprehend
and make sure what I'm feeling is for
real and not pretend she doesn't know
that I went through customs already some
like waiting for my surprise her right
now all that she sees me as she goes
right there y'all see well I wish it was
she doesn't seem to know I'm a creep up
on you I know
so you don't even know oh wait she saw
me okay I'm giving these girls always
want to hear tutorial on how you do your
shit so I'm trying to give them the hair
to tell you bobby pins some of you had
the painting goat with here within some
poutine I am putting the pie but they
don't have this shit out there and we're
thinking on these ethers not bloody
Marius skeezers Canadians are the only
ones that I can mix teasers and their
bombs way better than Bloody Marys and
Bloody Mary isn't even in the same thing
yeah no it's not at all
Caesars use Clamato
he's a brisket sandwich there's a pizza
there's that leftover poutine insanity
no I'm just kidding it's okay I'm doing
insanity so I can eat all this and it's
okay right you forget there for you the
meal plan yeah right mm-hmm that mean
mm-hmm
we're about to grab our anniversary
dinner I know that you guys just saw us
eating a bunch of heavy shit but you
just cuz I don't I don't turn the camera
on when we're cuddling and smooching and
canoodling and
holding hands and stuff you know it's
kind of turn the camera off turn on when
just exciting shit's happening like
right now huh guys look at this look at
the cakes in Hawaii oh my gosh
anniversary cakes but also look at the
face equally as beautiful as the cakes
babe Thanks cakes and face that's all
you need you know I'm saying
so is this romantic or what by the fire
got some flowers on the table with oh
these are real oh those are real hold on
let me eat one oh it's real tastes like
a vegetable and romantic dinner I
ordered one of these drinks because it
had vermouth in it and in anchorman Ron
Burgundy orders a drink with vermouth in
it and that's my shit
peaches you hungry
because there's nothing there yeah get
out here
stupid idiot nope yes he wants you
anymore guys
look what she is why no your face did
you imagine get the brows no cuz they're
not clean yet no there's a browser the
browser on point everyone's to know how
you do the brows well look what she's
watching guys workaholics and like the
best show the only TV show I really
watched right now in my life but the
brows of the brows the breath
rape you whoa the wish you got me guys
yay
so wait stop my best by to pick up some
things before my name is Brian dog for
sure bro bro I'm so surprised in I'm Kim
I'm here oh yeah I mean I mean your best
Byron and they a thanks for watching
though I love you I love I love you man
check out my youtube they call me P they
call it they call it cosmic pooches I'm
look at my new awesome toy guys it's
Power Rangers midnight and protect don't
well guys I just had dinner at one of
cheese lone wolves houses and they just
had this new baby this little pretty
halfway baby with blue eyes and stuff
and I held it I've never held a baby
that's hiding before my wife and Betty
when you achieve titty I toward titty
titty out I shoved it in the baby's
mouth
right good job hey I'm leaving now
but peaches get on my ass get on my ass
BG don't be a don't be a ho get oh man
all that goodbye ass girl
hmm
I hate to see you go but I let her watch
you leave
Oh guys it was here to pick me up hey
Dad the Royal penis is clean your
highness thank you
King shit
