so it's the last day in Toronto and
we're going to every going Wonderland
would say what's that like Six Flags
okay get out finally here she's about to
be crazy
you ready for their friend hey oh and
this guy - hey hey we're gonna take some
pictures now look at Shias cousin yeah
bro you're the blog whatever is Tony do
it yeah great tiny wing oh you're lucky
young good thing sweetie like oh you
don't even know it's okay Oh y'all a
video
yeah with the with the yay yeah all her
cousins her cousin
so it's that sad night when we got to
pack all our shit and get ready to go
babe no don't leave don't leave babe no
yeah so uh it's the day I'm packing up
my shit
I'm going back to the US of A been out
here in Toronto for a week thank you to
everybody you showed me mad love thank
you to you like Dennis on for bringing
me out thank you to everybody in Toronto
for being a beautiful man think it's
Toronto
thank you for my lovely Chi baby thank
babe big baby and and uh yeah and thank
you for Kyle on the street for giving me
a hug
there she goes guys out of my life one
more time home sweet home
I'm back in sex castle with my dad hey
Dad and you know spend a lot of money in
Toronto but you know you know what they
say yeah man now it's time to just get
back to work you settled in okay well
you don't have a beer have a beer and
hang out yeah you're kicking me out no
of course not as long as you want so
it's two o'clock in the morning and I'm
eating a frozen pizza with sriracha and
ranch and watching a show where a porn
star gives you tips on sex and like
little fun facts in my underwear
this is my life guys when I'm back in
the studio to record another week to 16
and I started scheduling my sessions for
Friday because it's ceviche Friday's up
here and this dude's wife makes the
vomit ceviche man it's like the perfect
amount of like
spicy and sour and so bomb I'm telling
my vlog view is how bomb your wife's
does have you shave it's so good yeah
man and your mustache is on points as
well I'll do it if I could have a
meeting with PD flow over here about
okay this movie we're working on okay
it's a musical about high school but
it's like like all the stuff you don't
really talk about in high school like
losing your virginity and like you know
like it's like High School Musical meets
American Pie yeah it's like a dirty high
school so should be coming out soon look
for that we're kind of working on it
right now so you know check that out
we're running some sneak peak videos of
it yeah three years ago yeah we'll
probably put it uh you know it might
even go on YouTube so stay tuned alright
in some Mexican food with the Mexican
Peter OH
so Shia LaBeouf was in this music video
for this really like you know
avant-garde weird band from where they
from do you know cigarettes they're from
I don't even think I pronounced that
properly Seeger Russ I don't know what
their roof Illinois's shadow buff is in
this music video a few months ago and
he's naked and Peter said my house
smallest oculus wobble first of all I
wondered if he is cock well I mean who
doesn't want to see and I was like what
and he was saying he got a small cock
I'm like bro it's like it's flaccid
right now and he's bushy so it's covered
in like an inch and a half of hair so
you gotta be fair bro I think Tim is
just covering up for the fact that his
own penis you guys give me I have no
cover up for a half for the size of my
penis I'm proud of that shit bro it's
nice
I'll show you a picture of it right now
bad he's limping he's hairy
I don't know I think if you're gonna do
a video where you're naked like get it
ready or so I mean I'd be like sixty
percent yeah yeah of course I'll be at
80 okay that doesn't make it artistic
anymore yo guess where I'm at guys well
I am bro introduce yourself doc
Grady this is Grady where's the knock
steady
we bought the I'm about to break into
this little store and hook myself up
with all this knocks daddy good shit
right here give me one of everything son
so I stopped by the restaurant to grab
some grub and I'm here with Randy what's
up bro and so I'm chillin at the sex
Castle we're just kind of unpacking all
my shit and like putting trash away and
look who stopped by guys on you know
guess what I got a surprise for you guys
if you don't follow me on Instagram or
Twitter or Facebook you requested it so
here's what you're gonna get that's
right my dad on a t-shirt Yolo amigo son
available soon at rodeo arcade calm and
yeah I guess that's it that vlog was
kind of boring huh I don't know kind of
boring yeah whatever
and yes I know I was eating the whole
vlog and I realize don't don't trip
tomorrow we're gonna start the insanity
all right it's over there in a box I'm
gonna start that shit tomorrow and then
I'm gonna get sexy for y'all okay so
much pressure
and I've got to say something out
okay but the Royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit I got a bad
chick in a new play here so fresh it
into the girls love me so do take you
can't predict me like to fit here pocket
ain't Caprice alert my pockets I got
deep one liked my you ain't got a deal I
told them I don't need one
