so today we're just walking around
downtown Toronto I need to get a haircut
and we need to get food how you doing
there and she need the a wax she needs
her whole body to be wax because she's
super hair status right now I'm not just
kidding and and tonight if the youth
wave show d-pryde Tori Kelly
Jenny sook all the homies saw I am
walking around downtown Toronto and
paramount five six to represent look
good
hi hi hi I'm recording yeah
thank you oh thank you thanks thank you
bye um so it's got my haircut over here
onyx barbers in Toronto you've got that
one thing Jia what you can share the
smaller size oh you're skin and bones so
mean she I went in today shopping in
Toronto at downtown Toronto went to hmm
got a bunch of stuff went to roots got a
bunch of stuff roots Asda store that's
only in Canada they got some dope shit
bra Chia went in at H&M as well roots to
we shopping ass happy ass couple you
know guys she's naked so originally I
was gonna go to the youth waves concert
tonight with deep rise and SOI Kelly and
Jenny sook and Mitchell gray the band
and but then it was like it would have
been like you know kind of a hassle to
get to where it was at and and then we
got hungry and we were kind of tired
from shopping so we decided to just
order some room service and what is hey
babe I like a little head wrap cute cute
and though you know watching some
wrestling I'm in a wrestler tonight and
fuck you up
you can't so good morning as you can see
by the tissues on the ground and this
situation we have here we are sick
somebody got sick and she he got me sick
but guess what that won't stop me from
being butt-naked on the balcony though
what's up bro Spencer where we at right
now we're on Oh
Sano here we are yeah hey hey and hey
you watch the vlogs
yeah I watch them like
and now you win one bro oh I see I think
hey guys look what I found over here at
the Adidas store in Toronto
some more Jeremy God fun these are so
agree with baby like him oh what a
Winrock either these on a regular daily
basis but you know what's up bro he's a
fan - get him bitch oh hey Jamal
I see the store on the corner of Yonge
and Dundas hongdae on top and I think
we're gonna go with these okay guys
check it out we have a little dolphin in
our room listen oh hey baby cooing all
right all right
see coos okay just like your hand on my
new what if your nose on my new sleeve
okay fine give me like same thing what
do you think
thank you for my light show guys thank
you guys thank you thank you thank you
good light so thanks man you've done
this way Thank You Road in downtown
Toronto so I'm in Toronto getting a
little drink with Xie and a couple of
her cousins and we had a bar called
filthy McNasty which is hilarious
because me and Eric always talk about
hey guess who I stopped by to say hi to
you guys hey hey what's up hi
Oh whoo you guys What's Up Guys hey
what's up everyone chillin chillin hey
what's up guys I don't know oh yeah so
what I forgot to tell you guys last
night
is a filthy McNasty is remember the
episode of Fresh Prince where Ashley
goes on a date for the first time at the
miniature golfing place and then we'll
is like yeah you filthy McNasty well me
Eric always quote that to each other
so I'm talking to the manager of the of
the bar cuz he saw me taking a picture
of it right and he's like oh you never
been here before I'm like nah I'm from
out of town blah blah blah
you know episode of Fresh Prince and the
guy's like that's where the manager got
the that's where the owner got the name
from us like no cuz it was like a chubby
older white guys who I'm like what they
know about deaf fresh life don't look at
my hilarious this is best friends right
here it's me and Rick
huh so guess what me and she about to go
son we bout to go to her aunties house
right yes of her Salvadorian side I'm
about to go eat with her whole family
her like 30 cousins out here in Toronto
is crazy right now you know I'm saying
had to put on a button-up you know look
a little classy a little bit trying to
make a good impression on the fam pull
the pants up you know put a belt on and
she is still sick but sexiest sick in my
life in here in this drama subway
chillin ran into a family man so now
were chillin it's 1:00 a.m. we is
ordered some pizza room service
watching Jimmy Fallon a lot of you guys
might be wondering hey where's the
footage from the family dinner how'd it
go I didn't want to just break out the
camera randomly you know my first time
meeting all the Tia's and the Whale eyes
and pulsars and all that so it went
really well everybody was super nice and
you know it's cool man good vibes like
randomly I mean I guess a couple of her
cousins are fans so like bunch of them
started taking pictures with me and then
um one of her cousins was like oh the
whole family was saying she is dating a
Chino
cheetah you know I know what that means
I want to pair my high you don't stand I
know the time is right but yeah it was
fun so now you go to sleep and I think
of each other's assholes the Royal penis
is clean your highness Thank You King
shit
