so back from Vegas and grabbing some
lunch with my boy super-ego this is
super shy and it's all in it guys just
getting some you know now that I was
going all hard in Vegas you know that
junk food I got any healthy today I'm
saying it's okay guys I ordered insanity
I can eat whatever I want some over here
at Best Buy picking up some things for
the SX Capital printer Justin Bieber CD
from headphones and guess what guys this
guy's a fan on set just kidding films
was good but go for one of their skits
this time and it's gonna be fun hey guys
hey PO you horny ladies out there up
swords on Riggs hey guys um so a couple
of my friends like my BFFs from high
school couple homegirls came to visit me
Joanne you seen her Ashley we were like
super close in high school she brought
me flan thank you
so uh on set again shooting another skip
this is the rest of the yin yang twins
get PD flow directly this one got the
homegirl Roma here Johnny over there
Roma have a channel - she sings and
stuff what's your channel if you want to
shout that out l0l
okay she can actually sing so guys let's
go check that out Rome over there doing
it thanks stretching so - so thanks to
these ladies who like I'm located some
inappropriate things and then today
nothing too crazy but just to show
appreciation I took them to get some
food at BJ's Thank You aroma and this is
melody guys thank you melody and green
shit shirt to rock and it's um yeah
thank you
videos will be on soon our ladies are
lucky you go clean to clean up down
blouse man is Oh
Ang's choice instagramming our food our
bread that we just got it's not even the
good stuff as you've already
instagramming that shit yeah we uh we
just had a little meeting because we're
working we're working on a little
something special coming in the future a
collaborative effort between myself and
choice so stay tuned for that you go yo
check this out this is a Nutella we call
this gelato I just had a little a little
photo shoot here for a maker with the
height who are you definitely yes you
just took pictures of me thank you
you're great
thank you all in a day's work you know
you know hi I'm Ronald and her
boyfriends on
ladies gonna hook you up you gotta
subscribe to Rudy shucks enticed me
before you know dude I'm so sleepy right
now cuz um I I started writing last
night at midnight I got a studio
sessions today cuz I owe I owe Maribel
and Ness you know the little 16 year old
beautiful Australian musical genius girl
I owe her a verse for her mixtape and I
have a studio session today and I was
trying to write it last night but I
knocked out on that couch cuz I had a
long day and I got shit all over the
place what it's 8 o'clock in the morning
we gonna get this verse done yeah what's
up y'all so I'm all cleaned up now on my
way to my studio session got my shit
written got my shit good to go
but of course I'm late traffic as always
but you know we getting it done we put
in a work we uh you know you know yeah
yo so I finally got to the studio late
and they rewarded me with ceviche hell
yeah I didn't even know was ceviche
Friday's every Friday and having some
beer talking to oh look who it is so Rob
I had I have that same shirt I love that
shirt I do
we're just talking YouTube talking
ceviche you know talking about how a
little dudes dominate here I'm saying
right bro yes yes I'm also recording for
Chris smiles his mixtape you know my
Chris man he's a little 15 year old rap
from New York he's dope little white boy
got a lot of buzz on YouTube and
worldstar lately so I'm doing this not
not off the blackberry but off the lap
Berry
ah trizzie so we are here Los Angeles he
told me
town for a little bit just gonna hit
this little club because my homegirls
having an event up here
so it was mad hot and crowded at ICON so
we came back to Long Beach we're gonna
see what's cracking at because so you
know a lot of you guys gonna be like Tim
doesn't she get upset when you like have
blogs like this so you go places like
that you know it was my homegirls event
he told her what it was you know in a
long-distance relationship the key is
just kind of trying to communicate as
much as you can you know the other
person just really needs to know what's
going on you know so I let her know
homegirls Eve and I let her know what it
was I told her I filmed girls with
pasties on I told her I had good footage
and that was that you know just but you
got to make sure everything's straight
communicate you know she's cool I just
let her know what what I was putting the
vlog she's out right now she's just
shotgunning the beer and all it's good
you know saying so don't worry and
thanks for watching I hope this video
doesn't get flagged because you know
trying to make more tea the Royal penis
is clean your highness thank you
King shit
