over here at the Fisherman's Wharf here
in San Francisco grabbing some wine I
was gonna say Shen tangy but it's wine
some peg knee she is texting like a roof
as usual rude no never I never text
message well I'm Rick
sheesh I wish it I'm about to get down
on these raw oysters man you don't get
down on the raw oysters you're crazy
how's that clam chowder it's like it's
like brain it tastes like it tastes like
we're always just tastes like delicious
mucus brain it just tastes like nothing
that just feel like you're you're wet
couch hey what's up y'all my name is big
red shovel to myself all right my boy
Timothy DeLaGhetto
yes sir favorite Thank You dogs
appreciate you man all that shine it
all that shiny legging f girl mm-hmm
hey yo ma let me have it let let me
holla at you me up hey guys look was
back in good old Long Beach yeah
it's so hot toasty look who can't pick
me up guys oh thanks mom okay woman yeah
so over here in Fairfax she wanted to
pick up some hats for her brother at the
Supreme store yeah yeah and I stopped by
this new pink dolphin store right here
check out these crazy BMWs though with
the dolphins all over let's go go go on
go put your booty on it like the import
models go go put you put you put you put
your cakes on the glass would you put
your titties on the glass check out guys
she has never been to like via the
mixing in man with a fruit cart before
so I'm about that hook her up so how do
you like your first Mexican fruit man
experience that spice that spice will
get you a little bit too wrong tube
every day yeah you already look like a
model babe mmm hmm mmm I'm trying to
fill that to be I'm saying the fallopian
tubes long tube again so I stopped by
the restaurant and unfortunately I
missed some fans from Norway who dropped
off this a snapback for me thank you for
the support thank you for the letters
shoutouts to Cameron Adrian a little
slow yeah old slow Oslo Norway thank you
guys thank you maybe you know I'll be
around in the next few days maybe we'll
meet take pictures thank you for that
okay there's Norway I'm gonna miss the
chance to there's no way guys look she's
packing and getting ready to leave yeah
what comes after that can I tell you
guys I hate this song so much like this
few songs that I hate this is one of
them like percolating
hateration dancer e-trade track this
song taking shoes to the airport and you
know got to play stupid songs for stupid
times like I'd say you can send her back
to Canada but uh it's okay baby
they don't cry you gonna make me cry to
be magic plans
okay so she is gone now so now I gotta
hang out with my parents lame
Yolo mom Yolo
so chewing at the gay sex castle and I
was visited by my dad it's the gay sex
castle again yes it was the sex castle
for a good week
but now it's the gay sex gasps dad back
to normal but open up all these packages
I got cents in my p.o box thank you
everybody
p.o box two zero nine seven para maana
California Timothy DeLaGhetto
Mississippi so it's a Monday night as
you know I always get a grub with my
family on Monday night tonight my mom
cooked you know I'm Sam and good food
good company good wine Sam Sam Cooke you
an old man Yolo man Yolo
amigo hey my mom really wants me to show
you guys her garden so he okay cool yeah
thinking
my hand you do
oh so we just got done watching uh the
what was it Batman Batman super bad man
here with a super bad go bad luck good
movie I just don't understand why
Channing Tatum was naked the whole time
I was kind of weird having bad Channing
how you do it oh you don't know cut oh
girl oh come on hold this camera while
I'm here bro man you are the one that
brought me the snapback
yeah I'm from Norway get from Norway
that's Norway shoutouts to my friend
Mariano sir man yeah I love your videos
thanks man you're like the best you're
the best when my girlfriend broke up
with me I was like watching your videos
all day long how to help it man
and make me happy I'm okay I'm glad I
could do that for you man was your name
agent Cameron's thank you both shout out
so it's Norway dawg
Thank You Man thank you thank you winter
from Long Beach yes I'm on my way to a
little meeting in LA right and Monica
and my homie is a legacy Army Group
legacy they send me this track to get on
like a long-ass time ago and I was like
man I feel like right into it but I
didn't burn onto a CD so like um I'm
playing it off my laptop while
freestyling in the car trying to write
this shit that's how I do some all day
everyday you know I'm saying we don't
stop you know I'm saying you know I'm
saying you know I'm saying you thought
I'm having a sandwich here with our
speedy flow over there and this guy came
in and he said you've been watching me
since you or two for how do you know
honey oh my god that's crazy said well
but thanks for watching always and
Gabriel thanks man take it take it I
think look at this pretty I mean as
handsome as me is it a wolf very much oh
oh oh
yes yes okay so all the way from the San
Francisco San Francisco there we go
hi so guys I'm teaching my dad how to
upload pictures on the Facebook right
now and woof so cute never learn how to
do the computer after a couple glasses
of wine man but the royal pain is this
clean your highness thank you
King shit
