I'm here just trying to get my braids
done and this whole hooligan
only something with him you know always
something
with your fries
Hayden
Samiha about the head to do some
all-deaf digital Def Jam comedy 25 year
anniversary Netflix special event shit
man I can't I can't believe I got it all
on one fit on one take so we stopped by
if y'all don't know Nina she does makeup
for the N and a bunch of other
influencers who I'm sure you love hey
what's up but we got her cooking Chia
some some some some face right here I
like popping though what's underneath
Spanx the deception yeah I was trying to
show you cheese booty crack I was trying
to show you her booty crack and she got
Spanx on
comedy 25 right there
we got Romeo I'm saying it we got Ricky
shucks it what's up
who are you oh you see had the bathroom
though
so you went to go get some tampons and
never came back
three months is my first sip of alcohol
in three
aka the beginning of the downward spiral
look I was I was moderately drinking at
first but now that Rick had me do this
three months I ate it i'ma go in and now
I'm gonna really be alcoholic for real
I'm back baby
I'm back it's not these back son
don't like that
beats me
so we out here in Hermosa Beach she had
just got a her her couch it lasered some
more so that so you had to treat me to
treat yes they've all the treats you
want Ike we got we're getting some fish
tacos after her little fish taco got
punished and I'm about the bus open
these garlic garlic crab shits right
here this is why I don't have a Food
Network so yeah yeah okay about to go in
on these garlic crab shits and some
oysters mm-hmm so this is from my
livestream that I did last week I'm
gonna start doing here every week on
YouTube the next one is Saturday at noon
pacific time so tune in if you want to
see this shit live for a sympathy
they're not ghetto what I say to you
that's my chick guess she comes from
Canadia yeah you know I am the man Sun
come up in the spot and I'm rocking the
man buns take my hair down and I switch
it up my hair longer than your bitch man
get it up you need to give it up a boss
when I freestyle everybody know my girl
got the Lee nails and they press song
guests son you ain't even know what I do
the best one yeah say it with your chest
son uh Timothy the best one number one
then we sippin on the water though take
the girl then I take a to the water hole
by Lion King man you could call me Simba
uh I don't know if you remember remember
the times like Michael Jackson videos I
don't deal with the goofy little silly
hoes I got a wifey or you calling her
fiance I'm the Asian jay-z the Beyonce
she got a hair braiding edge is laying
right
big Tim Shakespeare I'm a playwright I
do this shit all day to the day night
yeah and you know I do it and I say
tight things when I freestyle on the
beat now I'm getting hungry maybe we
should go eat now I get a salad with
some kale and some beets now big Tim so
beast when I freestyle Kanye West
t-shirt huh
step to me and you go be hurt huh yeah
put your face in the green dirt and I
spray you with the
when a fucking meat if it's not a bus
then what is it huh she's been here for
two whole weeks man that's the longest
visit you've had in a longest time yeah
see little weird yeah the permanent
residency yeah whatever that's gonna be
before we're married I don't know boy
after we're married it's crazy you know
ya know that's how I live my life baby
I'm excited to go home and sleep on my
comfy pillows they are my pillows coffee
no mine are better I'm excited to go
home and like clean my place cuz she is
such a mess and that's such a lie
false eyelashes everywhere hair
extensions all over the walls use
tampons flooding my toilet good bye you
should never flush them no no it's all a
lie it's all alive don't flush tampons
tampons you know we had some fun for a
couple weeks planning or trying to get
this shit together
dude weddings are expensive the fuck and
we're bougie like when a booty but don't
have to be they don't have to be but we
have like just specific tastes man and
like the shit we like is like a low-key
costly better like I send like the
fucking
emails like hey Doc I have this many
followers can you hook me up with a
little dealer what so we'll see what
happens
you don't know but I've never seen this
this is official yeah so if you don't
know this game is called junk in the
trunk
all right we're gonna strap these to our
booties and then we got to work these
ping pong balls out and whoever gets
their balls out first wins
I like this what did I use last time oh
damn
Oh what's about to go all right I will
go when Rick says dope all right you
guys ready mm-hmm
are your butts ready mm-hmm I think none
of my balls are coming out I don't know
next one damn there's a nice chick on
there I wouldn't see your mom cows in
Canada to see what was shaking I made us
feel like a pig now that's Canadian
bacon
the day an Asian gets inside of my
mother you have a better chance of being
a driving instructor okay check it out
Hey Hey
he made an Asian driving joke well yeah
it is just fine cuz your girl loves
getting smashed from behind I'm like
wu-tang I played on shuffle you like
wu-tang cuz it's the name of your uncle
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
