so we're at the Runyon Canyon Park over
here in Hollywood Hills and um we're all
gonna go on this hike because we even
eaten like crazy and getting fat and
stuff and you know we're trying to get
sexy and shit so right me look how
pretty
guys wait wait for me guys guys wait
please wait huh Oh God
no idea where we're going we just found
a random ass path we're trying not to uh
to die right now
Misha I'm gonna fall and roll and take
you down with me well let's say Benji
found something look at me
drinkin messed up my fries so uh what's
up and look look look look way it's the
Goodyear blimp you know you know it says
if there's traffic the pimping well
after our long hike I brought them to
the only other Thai food place I can do
that which is uh palms Thai food in
Hollywood and it's bomb I eat here
because it tastes just like my mom's
cooking like there's no other place I
eat it all the time places are trashed
especially the ones on Alonso and
paramount autumn places at rest but but
palms palm though bombed Oh Oh better
than my mouth wait
that's right who are you who are you
this trend is channel 7 Kelvin Tran
where you guys coming from Dallas Texas
Dallas Texas yeah Joe it's awesome ro8
all the good
I'm here bro we here we here we here so
the neighbor has this dog and she always
pops up and I have no idea what her name
is so we start calling her Brenda will
Rick named her Brenda hey Brenda Brenda
alright so a little bit of business hope
we're going on a little suit back to LA
get some work done you know I'm saying
fix oh shit don't fix yo shit soon this
little webseries thing we're not playing
some dirty but we're playing a rap duo
and I want to say right now as you can
see proof over there chilling talking
cake after the shoot and so Rick point
out Missy's dress is only like half like
in the front and if it was a mother
dress it's a business in the front and
flowy in the back we over here at a
popular demand la picking up some free
shit
as you can see Rick's over there looking
at the rack you know I'm saying making
sure they got the triple XL
something you want to salvage a company
or whatever
I cannot show you at all in the man la
worse okay thank you popular demand
Francom hooking me up with some free
shit hook rig up as well no so all these
gnats are on my trash can I try to take
out the trash earlier and they got all
up in my shit oh my god what is that
yeah so I had to go home and get the big
bug zapper you know saying check this
out yeah so I was at the house chilling
and my pops is like hey man you got a
bunch of fans at the restaurant and I
was like ah fine
but what's that what you guys doing yeah
we got from sweet sweet how the food
tight you guys are looking fresh you
coming from church or what we go okay
okay dope dope cool man cool cool sweet
we're going along these right now
convinced you've never been to Roscoe's
chicken and waffles yeah he was fighting
that he's gonna be healthy shit we're
like nah son there's no way you leave in
LA without going to Roscoe's chicken and
waffles that's what makes you beautiful
Benji whoa a seeing-eye dog for a guy on
a bike weird that's some crazy shit I'm
gonna see if it works
oh my god be careful no no this cars
Oh guys I know he's not I know that
proper and long suspension you know yet
none of these shoes shoes shoes galore
shoes color you know I had to pick up a
couple more pairs of shoes man you're
saying it's all Mises fault I really do
I really really do and change the
traditional country boy special which we
always get to the Obama special way were
the Obama special apparently Obama
really likes that everybody that's the
goat suit for me and most of my friends
the beauty of it is you can't call it
racist because exactly
we finally fine oh my god some bouts are
going I'm about to go in so hard bug
being sexy right now I'm about to go
here like well I mean I'm still sick you
know I'm just saying like Rick okay so
my always right here so Me's asked where
those two go box for her little waffle
and her chicken we're at Roscoe's
chicken and waffles and so the waitress
brought us about her little box and so
it's the Box on I got a whole everybody
the only business is my fans right now
so oh what's up what you guys from San
Francisco awesome Vegas do that okay
cool cool hey what's up hey they just
got here you guys about to leave what
you guys from San Jose Cisco's all the
fans so in love check it out look who
got fans guys who came back after like
being away forever
yay because I Angie when Benji are
flying to England tomorrow with along
with dumbfounded for the Yolo tour I'm
speaking of Yolo me she's gone crazy
earlier and burned her hand on her way
on your straight iron Yee it looks so
painful so we're soaking her hand in
vinegar and how's it feeling you are
it's just like a miracle like I was
crying
I'm laughing at your jokes sweets me you
could be a few death beta you'd be
laughing at my joke sorry so we're here
at Rick's house Rick's giving Benji a
little edge up because he you know he
goes to England tomorrow and something
and you're just here to show him so we
took a little trip to Target to pick up
some shit and in saying hey cutie pies
he's tired
okay I'm gonna sing until you fall
asleep I'm gonna see foxy okay I don't
see nothing wrong with a little bump and
grind my mind's telling me no and my
body is telling me oh that's it he put
that away
the Royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
