guys look how nice cheese backyard is
and you never take me you shamed the
mirror what she got a hot tub freakin
pretty ass plans swing you got swing
over there you know just let me on the
swing swing just keep me cooped up
inside like a like a sex slave
peaches I love you peaches you're
wonderful
peaches I love you peaches you're
getting lint all over my pants you
little slut
peaches get your fucking face off my
knee before you so you guys always say
that like me and Chia eat all this junk
and we never like get fat well we're
going light today okay hello it's only
bigs
cheese cheese which is all that's
healthy yeah you know saying I got my
protein got my eggs team got my bacon
team got my shoes for metabolism what
and we're just gonna work it all off
anyways you know and we do a yoga later
peaches
stop that peaches you don't have to do I
beat the pussy up happy the pussy up hey
what you doing there hot stuff
a healthy dinner yuck hey I bought her
that shirt yeah I do cuz I'm the best
boyfriend ever
what does not super bad so sad face I'm
back from Canada I'm back in LA
Westside my mom my dad with the
DeLaGhetto shirt on repping you know I'm
sane and good old LA traffic stringing
me home yo look guys it's a party in my
room oh my goodness Joan leaves back
from New York what's up and you still
here what's up bro
yeah Johnny Johnny's here what we all
watching get out my house look guys I'm
buying all types of soaps and and and
shampoos and stuff for my new place and
Tampico and we're at 24-hour Walmart
here with the boys hmm shopping shit you
know
you know you know I'm doing it it
appears so so we're all up mess around
on our computers on Instagram chillin
this shit right edit stupid ah
so some chick tweet another chick of
some naked chick - Benji right so Anjou
was messin around
Oh big veggies forward Hey look look if
you look at this here that's the
Benjie's inside
oh then here's the picture right and
then here
look at that
so uh I'm over here in Pier one Imports
looking at all these little trinkets
from my new place right I've never said
place in a pier one in my whole life
this is Chris what I think oh okay yes
hi to yo it's crazy the places you go
when you get your own place I mean the
foots you place so we're shopping for
AJ's red roses prom and and we ran into
some low fat Halo fans little honey
cocaine hi thank you for you know
watching buffalo wings right now and I
was telling crazy ow buffalo wings is
disgusting ripping it's alright okay but
compared to like wing stop or Alondra
hot wings or every other wing spot in
the macabre narrow and a spicy garlic
sounds like poopoo and poo to me so it's
the first official night that we're
sweeping in my new place castle we got
Jolie staying here to just you know just
cuz but take home a little bit I don't
do so we bout to commemorate this shit
with a nice little bodily Korbel the
corbels which you know I'm saying I'm
champagne me
whoo look at City been working out I'm
sexy and I know it they're those guys
over this on Instagram watch my blogs
from like a year ago bro
I saw what skip like bitter dinner yeah
you ever do that just like look back on
vlogs and just watched it and later what
the fuck was I thinking oh my gosh guys
it's the first morning that I'm waking
up in my own place I have nothing in
this little bedroom stand I also have
the craziest morning erection right now
check it out so we finally getting this
cable hooked up this Internet hooked up
and what a coincidence let's do it as
Joanie's homie with some man beats rap
yeah all day right
check out this brand-new iron that I got
okay this is a brand new iron I just
bought this shit today check this out
what what what well what's this about
bro how it's burnt it's burnt it what
it's burnt good morning
so it's the day of AJ Rafael's red roses
prom we're waking up
Benjie two times doing the dishes doing
the two times what do you need through
all this drinking y'all been doing it
horrible horrible drinking gotta
American Idol
Andrew Garcia on my couch twister hit
the mall that I'm in ladies look Benjy
cooks breakfast - he put huh he cooks
please
he has sexy tattoos on his soul Benji
toots twitter.com slash Benji - XS we
got over here we got Long Beach's own
John Lee we got a Minneapolis his own
little craze the caddy oh it's a
beautiful day I got my friggin air
mattress in there while I wait for my
new bed to get here
i'ma leave it in hey what you doing in
here a little crazy what's he doing in
here just making vlog videos bros my
life I need a haircut we gonna get
haircuts today not I am the Royal penis
is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
