so we're heading out we're going to club
run oak at the Mirage everyone looking
spiffy Vegas Caesar's Palace the seas
are still that season really live here
okay so I was talking to you on the
phone and then these guys started
screaming at me have a good night have a
good night guys
have a good night yes all right thank
you for entertaining my girlfriend so
today we're at liquid at the Aria hotel
yet we're so hyped
yo what's on there's a picture of them
kissing online and people were getting
me up like Tim white fucking up for a
bro I'm like he happens to listen to me
Hey
check it out yo Lowe's Mexican food it
says you only live once so live the good
life thanks good girl yo so I'm here at
the airport and this dude fell asleep
right before the blinds came down but he
didn't wake up after the blinds came
hilarious
so Benji been jammed over here of caddy
entertainment no longer been James is
gonna be staying at my condo for like a
month and I'm not even moved in yet so
who but ah fucking butterflies attack me
just taking them through right now so
numb the blue hotter you know they're
that turquoise water and I've actually
never even been through this way of my
condos before some chilling here with
Benji we're talking about like let's see
what should I name my little condo spot
and we finna call it I mean I'm gonna
call it because I came up with it right
now calling it the sex castle yes
waiting to get this TV mounted because I
don't like doing sit like I just don't
like doing shit so if you watch blog
well why was that you know the number
number was 72 maybe it's called backflip
party then do that Best Buy came out
into the backflip right after these
other two kids do backflips right talk
about TV hey geek squad so we're
shooting this call me maybe parody video
we're here at this house in la luck Cebu
down there I'll be surrounded by
half-naked chicks right but I just thing
about Chia all day right Rick you know I
think about my Lexie
that's how you have to get you gotta
watch the real video if you want to see
the whole thing around ELC so we've been
filming one more shot now I'm gonna go
to a garage and get one more shot now so
that's a wrap on the call me maybe video
shoot Thank You Patrick
thank you guys okay thank you luck scene
Thank You Benji Thank You Ricky yeah and
and tomorrow we gotta knows we're doing
a video shoot for magnetic did you got
nothing to do you come to the beach till
tomorrow okay right wait wait
start again we gonna see if I can carry
come on back right now
Oh jump so I was at the mall right we
stopped by the mall rigged Baltimore
hatch about a couple shirts for cheer
fancy boxing said to and um so I always
do this joke whenever I'm answering my
pin number where I cover it I get real
like this I cover the pin and I pretend
my people are trying to look at it it's
a joke people always just kind of laugh
they go oh you know it's something right
so this dumbass girl behind me in line
like I'm covering my pin number and then
she she goes oh no I don't need your PIN
no I'm good I don't need your PIN
believe me I was like that's like yo
it's a joke it's a joke and I made sure
to say real out oh my god hey cuz that
bitch pissed me off
yo take a joke do it 180 Q so guys um I
gotta study my lyrics cuz I'm shooting
the video for magnetic tomorrow with
Tori Kelly stupid Angie Garcia was like
oh I'm gonna sleep over Sunday morning
rain is falling and then Benji was like
oh what's up on Benji I'm gonna stay
with you for a month
bringing Tim wants to make it rain hey
hey
it's for Rihanna the Royal penis is
clean your highness thank you
King shit
