so we're up early today after a long
night of shooting last night for the
project X video DVD thing and she was
crazy I'm actually gonna Monica oh my
god we're gonna I'm gonna put that up
when the projects video was actually out
so you know it's like a push to each
other right now we had now it's a suit
up oh my god
shoot a video for Rick Hey look at this
man grinding grinding writing in the car
that's what we do man YouTube the life
YouTube a few more years okay so we're
at another location here shooting this
Rick's skit
it's about spoken word poets and I hey
what is your name
Flo Flo get John fucking knob what's up
y'all I'm back in the studio I'm about
to do this call me maybe parody and I'm
gonna do a quick verse on Bieber's
boyfriend because that's was the last
highest voted beat on the weekly 16 back
with rap doing so on our way to Vegas
guys so we're you're in - you gotta that
you guys will say that out there in the
bay ya data and they still say that yeah
what word did I teach you this morning
your own and your cholo
it means you oh no no your call you only
live once
it's very overused don't look now but
Michael Jackson is behind you or Raiden
guys we met this girl named Mallory on
the plane she's so cool he fell : and
she's drunk already
I just walked in the hotel and I ran
into people
whoa you say bro I've been a fan since
dead serious
oh wow that's old-school yeah I don't
know about that okay say what's that say
what's up
yeah oh you got way you supposed to sing
well sing okay so I'm trying to get a
sandwich and these girls came up
harassing me non-plan hi what's up the
next YouTube sensations right word hey
y'all remember Julian from path blog
read on Jaden Jaden Smith so this mind
chick I think is a fan she wanted a
picture
okay yeah I load that up load that up
nigga do stuff okay
oh shit okay get that shit oh oh she's
calling you
here we go here we go
what do battle oh yeah
that's it get it I'm recording
when parade
Sarek
so I invented this drink it's dr. pepper
and Hennessy I invented it my trick
I invented it when baby baby
I saw we out here walking the strip
because Benji busy just got here but
he's never been to Vegas before what's
up doc Sullivan
so he's okay okay okay little pegs over
here we have Vegas walking around you
know children trying to find him some
booze and some booze so we got galvatron
shots here it's makers 151 and four
strong what's good filming roasted real
sick shit real shit though let's go all
right so I'm at the wicked spoon at the
Cosmopolitan grubbing with lucky booth
gets in here right it's the hair hey you
know get get it right get it right going
in right now this is the fake of them so
hungry house lots of truck and we're
gonna be discussing she's gonna be my
video on Wednesday just wait hilarious
oh look at this crazy-ass
chocolate-covered strawberry son that's
crazy
this is crazy right this is crazy
I'm not doing anything no it's totally
kitten which it's here to be here F the
raids bro F the rage is someone's going
on
when are we gonna do a song together bro
you know mr. traffic we've been talking
about this for about two years now
yeah we have but seriously for one year
so not that not to that but let's let's
seriously let's do a song get it in no
pause all get it in we over here man for
public at the MGM Grand shit crazy
bitching go holler at somebody's females
from
what what is this what are we doing
second time that was my task tape it was
wear shiny summon fuck off we're gonna
see how this happens and why do you
happy girl to take pictures with you
Matt this is my brother he was endurance
oh here we go
okay
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
