what's up y'all as you can see I'm here
in my room I'm not on a plane anymore
I'm a mad sleepy because I was up till 5
a.m. last night trying to finish up
these verses because this is my last
studio session so I can finally wrap up
this mixtape cruised into a mixtape and
give it to y'all for free Timothy
DeLaGhetto calm April 1st isn't that
April Fool's joke and you know I got
that Tori Kelly in and and me produced
by genius playing in the background and
you know it's easy to write to a love
song when you have an amazing girlfriend
I got home last night at a package from
Chia she sent me this book which I told
her is my favorite book it's all the
places you'll go by dr. Seuss and
literally oh if you read this book it'll
make you feel like you can conquer the
world man it's so inspiring especially
for a kids book
it will this is you gotta read this book
son she also sent me the deck of cards
that we were playing speed with in
Orlando and she wrote 52 reasons why she
loves me oh I almost cry for real guess
what my condo is finalized and I will be
moving out soon I know
cheer but it's okay I knew I wanted to
get a place close to my family you know
so I'm not far they need me and I'm
saying I'm like a block away if they
need me but you know it was just time
man it's time you know especially if she
is gonna be out here and who knows when
you know so I'm in the studio you know
stayed up late last night writing gonna
wrap up this mixtape I'm sleepy but you
know if you get enough sleep you're not
working hard enough man that's what I
say in that right wrath he says yep all
right this last track I'm recording for
the mixtape unless Andrew hits me up so
let's go what's up y'all it's an
action-packed day today cuz I have so
little to do and so much time wait stop
reverse that because flying to
Minneapolis tonight before that and I
shoot a video with my boy Wally and then
gotta go check out my new Canon 2.0
tweak shoes and then uh and then I got a
review this mixtape make sure it's good
to go
and it got a little meeting in Beverly
Hills you know I'm saying it's the life
brah it's to life
apply be right outside so we're here at
the UH
rasuu headquarters home base oh boy wali
they're reppin that Hennessy you dig
yeah man
every every Asian man's I don't go to go
to liquor it really is you know I love
it yeah we bout to do this little promo
video with a bunny and a bear so this
bunny is about to come grab this girl's
butt and this guy's butt it's all you
liking the same okay what I feel like
I'm on oh never mind
so change I'm so I made up might as well
strike some here at the tweak offices we
do on the Canon 2.0 so as you can see
we've got the old cannons over there all
what's up guys
that's what's up guys what's up guys got
a whole bunch of youtubers shoes here
and I'm gonna give you out this isn't
this isn't what they're gonna look like
but this is what they might look like
cadu de pecho
yeah no yeah no no kick this we'll have
some real quick cannon 2.0 oh that's all
you get okay coming soon come on girl
you know what needed someone behind
maker uh with DJ's Ouya knows though I'm
over here that will knock City cubicle
you know I'm saying yeah we're handling
business right now you merged mixtape
you know yeah I'm saying all day cruise
control April first
why do people do this oh so stupid oh
look guys Justin Bieber's naked oh
that's Mickey oh I got a flight to catch
in a few hours and it's bumper-to-bumper
traffic what am I gonna do
so I have a little stop in Detroit and
oh oh look how crazy this
I feel like I'm going through like a
like a whale's fallopian tube and the
mama whales giving wall shit and the
mama oils giving birth to me
oh my god oh look at slow guys I was
supposed to be flying from LA to Detroit
summer walking to Minneapolis overnight
but the plane in Detroit it like broke
down so now I'm stuck here in Detroit
they don't know when we're gonna be
flying out so so I had to rebook my
flight I'm going straight from Detroit
to Minneapolis but what's dope is I get
to go through hey shut up shut up and
let me enjoy my whale fallopian tube you
asshole I'm finally here in Minneapolis
Benji pick me up and then Chris the
manager you know the ki d Enterprise up
here yeah take a king shit and a king in
deke shit Kings hit and then take a king
shower and head yo oh my gosh guys I'm
at its the crave life a crave lifestyle
guys crazy life that would get on I feel
it's trying to get the kids playing in
the background
oh yeah man what's up bro I'm telling
your hood no I'm excited you excited for
this video did you hear the final yet
yeah that's crazy that's crazy
that's crazy ah burn kill that is not
the killer everyone's okay everybody say
okay guys look a deal for me okay she's
gonna like my camera ain't pretty cop
not yeah we drive around town
Roger plating when I'm gonna let you
down girl you got me here guys hey my
people okay but we talked about how she
doesn't know what sriracha is but she's
supposedly like today so I I've dated a
lot of black girls right a lot of black
girls and I know about black food you
know I'm saying if you're gonna date
Asian tools you need to know about our
hot so I don't even know and I'm like so
I don't think that applies to me I think
we are top of this roof top on the top
of the roof tops soon is that thing
right now
safer guys I never forget my little bro
I forgot a little bit huh
it women so I shout out to a studio 23
where we shot you CC for the video shout
to this dude - BAM
13:42 Bam Bam pursue shooting the videos
yeah words oh yeah yeah there you go
exclusive
this is like perfect clean your highness
King shit
