marna guys I'm finally in Vegas in my
hotel room time to party it up and go
crazy and so it's kind of a stressful
night but we're getting ready to go to
excess for my homegirls birthday that's
a club and it's st. Patrick's Day I'm
not wearing any green but I do have some
Saint Patrick's they draw yeah
so I'm walking back home right now to
the hotel room it was just too many
people man I was too too crowded for me
I wasn't feeling it I've lost that house
I'm sick I can't really F with it but I
went to another club across the way and
little Jean was up there playing nothing
but hip-hop but I was so upset that I
wasn't there the whole night but you
know whatever time to go home probably
gonna get me a little double
cheeseburger and jag off while Rick's in
the next bed you know I'm saying I'll
probably eat on Rick's head or something
just to be funny
so we've been running around for the
past few days shooting video sorry I
haven't been vlogging a lot of what's
going on I've been work work work work
work work right Rick
work work work work work work work but
uh we bout to go through the music video
right now and and what are we gonna rig
so apparently Dennis Rodman's in there
is that Dennis Rodman is DeStorm so I'm
here well not it's not just me
I'm here with Erika David we doing a
little music video for our song a
goodnights which I'm rapping on and we
got a slumber party set up hey black
bear white party good night man Arturo
it's going down tonight in the
boutique's guys look we're playing Jenga
man last year all of you guys play i won
god damnit she not a ho she got some
class like this summer is we breathing
high and heavy something like the
seminal dance my sex is hard to hear in
i make her come again
so we just finished the gonna get that
light right on my face so we just
finished the goodnight remix video you
could download Eric of mixtape at under
the covers at Erica David calm yeah and
the ream a recording or what the remix
is will be a recording my mixtape is
this request and is this thing recording
and April first cruise control now we're
gonna go yeah goodnight remix it's a
wrap
I can make believe I have everything but
I can't pretend that I don't see there
without you girl my life is in compete
hello
without you girl that goes out to Gia
cuz I'm waking up in Las Vegas when I
miss you girl and you know how when you
wake up and your voice is a little bit
different you might be a little bit
stuffed a little raspy I just really
felt like it sounded good if I hit some
Cisco in the morning right now so it's
another day another dollar
and we shoot another video here oh we
got BK angel high in the all pink and
the all pink had to tell
hey that's what me and cheese baby on
the play oh and the mom I give the mama
to sounds a tough Mickey man
poor guy walking around Vegas walk
around Vegas look fat today and he's and
look that's a big tower thing and let
that's the big rig thing okay so we just
got done having sex with these
prostitutes in the hotel room right and
this chick wants to try and take all my
cocaine I'm like look oh just cuz I
until you doesn't mean you use your
dirty hands all in my drug you don't
earn it and her face thing oh my god
how do you expect someone get paid in
full and get the drugs with stinky feet
where do you get off I didn't know yeah
we got our
transsexuals these days huh
okay and you know so really cool watch
oh so it's our last night in Vegas and
after three days of shooting what are we
doing tonight we're not partying we're
not going out
Rick's editing his stuff I'm editing my
stuff and you know didn't go to sleep us
Nina you know back to life back to yet
it see the Royal penis is clean your
highness thank you
King shit you were supposed to be at
your mother's house right but guess what
I called her yeah have your mom's number
it doesn't matter what you got
