so hey guys look I'm home I'm coming
home - what hey what's going on
so I having some Thai food here
my mom dad this is called a sometimes
papaya salad laughs guys like minced
chicken meat with herbs and stuff this
is a mood aunt which is like Oh new dad
which is like beef jerky high beef jerky
Thai smile restaurant come to and one
man on man mess up I joined the things
al Marla good
it's got a haircut and you know just
trying to get back into the swing of
things man
when I'm with cheer you know it's all
fun and food and gushy romantic corny
shit you know and then I get back home
gotta get to work I gotta finish this
album by April first well actually what
week before April 1st so I get it mixed
and whatnot and yeah man
busy busy back on the grind trying to
get this condo you know I'm saying and
how deep is your love for this is where
I go to get my chunk dirty do-rags
whenever we should have Noah yeah oh
yeah you already know what time it is
can I please have three Doritos Locos
Tacos porfavor okay bomb the shit the
shit bomb big old bomber see so
lakeshore entertainment invited me and
PD flow to this the movie premiere of
this new Will Ferrell movie so you
already know I gotta come stacked with
the business cards on deck just in case
we do any smooths in the network you've
got to be prepared for this shit you
know I'm saying and look at this gas is
460 hmm seven just $70 fill it Almighty
we're already past in there there's Iron
Man and their spy so we made it we've
been here we made it and now there's
like a red carpet we totally we're ready
for all that
yeah I would put on a tie I was about to
wear shorts so we just left the Emir of
custody patterns and with a Will Ferrel
your the whole thing with his facebook
Pharos biggest face the whole time was
crazy yeah and this hot water would say
the famous
Grauman's Chinese Theatre the famous PD
flow of Iguala Pres I mean mph Neil
Patrick Harris are here I know the
famous PD flow from power out the best
thing about this boring-ass Hollywood
smoothie events where everyone stands
around and smooth it is the free weird
food and the freezer ain't and Maya
Rudolph Maya Rudolph is over there
chillin and like I love my get out of my
I love my record here yeah I'm recording
pool I love my Rudolph Gus keep out cuz
I love funny girls yeah I don't like
funny looking girl looking guy Maya
Rudolph guys hey so I didn't get a
picture of Maya Rudolph me it was like a
super like super Hollywood industry
party we felt funny just kind of going
up to them like little fanboys you know
it would have been different if other
people were taking pictures but we
didn't want to be those dudes you know
I'm saying nothing there's anything
wrong with that
oh no we love those dudes hey hey those
dudes when when I'm with my youtube
people take pictures come take pictures
interrupt the conversation I'm there I
don't care no he really doesn't so do it
yeah yeah but fucking push me out of the
way guy guy who push me all the way to
take a picture with Tim the old Adam
yeah this dude was like hey your videos
a picture booty bump what's up y'all
seeing a little skit here yeah a little
skit I wrote for Bobby Lee and myself
and we got a Rika Socko here in the gold
bikini what's up girl
thank you for coming I appreciate it
it's a John fucking hot guys John Bobby
Lee and myself
he loves bananas I love bananas I love
the shape of bananas I love bananas cuz
the shape I don't like potatoes he peels
them at once and then just eats a whole
no I seen that shit girl so this is Mary
Beth she's playing one of the parts in
my video what is the answer to this
slimy I don't I don't do slimy a video
so after a long day of doing stuff my
fellow youtuber friend Eric Oh Joe I
mean super-ego Aalto yeah I know me too
I gotta get from the right angle so you
pick up all these scars anyways we're
getting some late-night Denny's
now we're gonna grub and get fat and
talk about YouTube but so here we are
sore line village in Long Beach gonna
grab some lunch
for my mom's birthday which is this
weekend
but I'm gonna be in Vegas so we're
getting lunch right now yeah it's gonna
be what 45 like 35 35 some like that
little nice little ocean view grubbing
on some seafood as you can see
so guys so it's been a pretty
frustrating day I was supposed to be in
the studio today like literally all day
and I was gonna knock out like four
tracks for this mixtape but they texted
me last minute and we're like oh sorry
we scheduled it wrong you you do we have
to cancel on you so now I'm just kind of
like just kind of frustrated because I'm
gonna be traveling a lot I was trying to
knock out these songs but you know
whatever I'm over here at maker gonna
sit in my office and look pissed off so
do you know I'm angry you know I'm
saying said you wanted to go out and do
the dancing of like I saw the pack for
Vegas I was like fine time with my guys
look how stupid this is okay I got my
steak here yeah what a mistake it's not
you
little money for the Riggin I see so
after the club where do you go
24-hour Walmart of course I'm actually
here trying to pick up some pyjama pants
because those me and Erica David might
be doing a music video in Vegas tomorrow
or Sunday this weekend so I'm trying to
find some pajama pants because the
slumber party theme Erica man Walla
Walla Walla Walla Walla Walla world
while the Walla Walla Walla Walla Walla
world all right talk about they head to
Vegas right now about again I kinda
forgot about hop on this plane it's
rainy but it's okay we're gonna have a
blast e-blast and Vegas shoot a bunch of
beaches and party a little bit and I'm
saying are you ready for this party down
URI for his party Rick big daddy Rick we
got to the airport about to check in
with Rick couldn't find my wallet I
don't know where it is we went back to
the house try to find it couldn't find
it I have no idea what my wallet is so
now I'm gonna go see if I dropped it
when I got out of the car and then
booked in the later flight yeah alright
guys so it's all good I found my wallet
it was next to my bed I'm an idiot now
I'm getting some some little rice soup
with my dad the freakin die from the
like a boss the Royal penis is clean
your highness Thank You King shit
