see the fact of the matter is all the
chicken chatter gets up under my skin
love it all I can do with laughing I
giving you a gift wrapping in the
packages and you just leave me hanging
like a jacket in the cabinet we're in
Orlando Florida I'm gonna celebrate my
birthday the most happiest magical place
on earth so we're getting ready to head
out to Universal Studios today girl
you're always talking on camera and
today we're gonna get on the Harry
Potter ride cuz that's my shit it's it's
basically like the best ride of all time
so check it out guys got me a fanny pack
bringing these shits back
getting on this Harry Potter ride maybe
no one cares about your funny fact
everybody cares about my fanny pack
that's why they subscribe to this
channel for the fanny pack
all right so it started raining like
crazy so we bought some Poncho's but
then it stopped raining so I used to
have the biggest crush on road makes you
ask wrong spot like one of the few white
girls that I actually was like meme
about but you know that's the past and
ooh get one get a little white highlight
things okay let's roleplay one night and
I'll put on Wolverine claws and you can
do a little rogue straight road and
Wolverine okay I'll be damned bit more
than me just use ozone o3 more than me
this is like the shit
it's not like anything I've ever
experienced of course but second to them
and God's love that's telling gia that
like I used to like one time I bought
one of these like the bigger ones though
like remember like the fat ones and I
buy it because I like what would it be
like to masturbate with one of these so
I like Lois in a little bit and I
totally took off with it wasn't exciting
so how old are you how old you like well
see I discovered masturbation like 7th
8th grade so this is funny to me that
the first thing that comes to your mind
is movie I should put this on my penis
when you first start masturbating you
kind of start like everything you start
to think like I could put my drunk
you start thinking like what else got
put my digging you know and that seemed
like it would be good but it was
whatever
and you're drunk and and then she took
one of the eases sometime up her couch I
still have one in there
oh you look like a little sexy little
Muslim chick started coming down super
hard so it's a beautiful day I'm
vlogging it's a beautiful day and
Universal Studios today and it's like
nice and sunny and I yeah we're in the
same shirt and chisel in the same drawls
so thank you Krusty undies Chia so this
attraction see restraints may not
accommodate guess with certain body
dimensions so sorry fatties no mummy for
you well maybe that fat old booty girl
too big venom feats
bang ago a man to do it so that Mommy
ride it was crazy we got to get on it
again cuz it was then after this let me
ride it's a wrap a little too much so
I'm playing this I Love Lucy trivia
question right now which but the babalu
come second
it's just
is that she doesn't watch and has never
watched I Love Lucy
shake my hands the best show of all time
hello so we're going back home now this
is our last day in the Universal Studios
area I'm gonna hit the Disneyworld area
tomorrow and you know it's beautiful out
here
yeah what y'all know about that Silkk
the Shocker in the hotel room this
rapper of all time son took the shot
guys it's it's super rainy again but
it's the perfect day to go to
Disneyworld huh so we're at Disney World
it's a beautiful day for some Disney
World in them eyes though so this dude
watches me all the way on video this is
watching me all the way from Germany
that's crazy bro let's go sign up shout
out to Germany Heidelberg Heidelberg
what's up
that's my shit
I cross like I have a big ding-a-ling
like I knows how to play with his words
it's raining outside
let me flex so since it's raining
outside and we left Disneyworld we're
gonna have a toga party
toga party babe you ready for this shit
hold a wine you know you stop playing
your stupid I bad games I got her that
iPad well I got it for free and I gave
it to it you ready this shit babe after
the crazy toga party it's time for a
quiet night at home with some pizza and
some salad and my box of a girlfriend
yeah now we're gonna you know make our
bellies fool put on some romantic music
light some candles and you know read the
Bible playing some checkers it's black
Hey
yeah cuz I'm putting you in the blog row
so we're at pack TAS Disney World Magic
Kingdom right check it out our a hot dog
with pulled pork and coleslaw on top a
bit this is your disgusting how does the
Disney song go the one that plays before
all the movies no no Pinocchio he plays
with all the other things when you know
it's fruits go away I mean what's you
know that's it
that one um no the top of Pinocchio what
God piggybacking we're piggybacking copy
buckle yeah girl just rest I want juicy
ass but not everybody behead you gets to
see your cakes hanging out walking
around the mall out here in Orlando he
don't spotted me out here haircut a ride
is out here Orlando Disney World where
is that not Disneyland
if these exact same citro know it's the
exact same look is any land you got
Disneyworld we got the whole world y'all
got the land it's a big-ass title exact
same shit yeah
leave Orlando heading to the airport I'm
flying in her legs she's flying the
Canadian and who knows and we'll see
each other again
and there she goes guys out of my life
forever the Royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
