so it's my last night in Gia's house and
we're playing some speed drinking some
beer I don't know how to do the do it
like when you shuffle the cards and uh
hey cutie you put your fingers here
uh-huh
you bend them okay oh I'm big up to
Beverly who got me this shirt in
Montreal yes nice shirt what is wrong
with you okay one last time you know so
I'm not playing with you you completely
fail oh she heard about some challenge
where you try to take a hundred shots of
beer it's an infamous challenge in a
hundred minutes then trinium worth
something so that's what we're gonna do
on our final night right Pete did so
after about 20 shots we decided never
mind
and we're not gonna get it done and I
know she lost points because she had
never seen back to the future but she
loves rush hour scene number three that
that's not my fault
so grab with some quick McDonald's
before I hop on this plane and go back
to LA saying goodbye to my chichi you're
not crying the time not yet I am NOT
yeah
yeah maybe Shh don't kill the surprise
there okay but I'm gonna get back to
where it got some big-boy papers I'm
gotta finish this album you got to make
more videos and yeah okay fine just look
at what guys I'm back in LA with my dad
getting some sushi dinner no no no think
and think then so we back on the grind
of course we out here here Rick under
this freeway about to go to this day of
days music video shoot
we are not homeless we're at a video
shoot shake calls here kids mom
now you might be asking why I'm not up
there I'm like I'm not trying to be no
extra day I'm Timothy DeLaGhetto
so I ran into a fan and fellow vlogger
here into hives
what is your channel miss Rachel days
her friend reckons oh I don't know
proper in Long Beach and I had to come
get these some Jeremy spot guru and get
Jeremy Scott in gorilla Sue's cuz
they're so stupid but I gotta go I'm a
boy Kevin from the airport oh we forgot
how to juggle I don't know how to juggle
right right Eric's house video and it's
always like a super long line it's like
an hour and 40 minutes wait it's never
that long but man is it as long
that was crazy it's a Louisiana crawfish
place but it's packed with Asian
it's so weird what's up y'all so a mad
stressed out today man it's like the
I've been trying to get this condo for
like the past month and a half or so and
just the whole process of owning
something and buying some type of
property is so stupid it's just so much
paperwork and you gotta fill this tile
filled that out get this information
from like forever ago it's so stupid
I'm gonna just take my money just give
me your shit
take my money and my dad in the
passenger seat shotgun all right you you
and me and Chia and rich and I'll Rick
it Rick and move in with Muhammad in the
Sun too long or I dropped it too many
times but it's not working and I'm on
the blackberry right now the BlackBerry
yes I'm still using a blackberry you
bitch I don't want your stupid iPhones
and your I don't want to use Instagram I
don't want to play temple run scare my
face with that shit all right I'm riding
his Blackberry so the wheels fall off so
until they go out of business all right
bbm for life so goddess it's my birthday
it's my day of birth
I came skipping out of my mama's vagina
on this day we're at Red Lobster
grabbing some dinner mom still in
Thailand and I was talking my dad dad
you ready for me and Chia to crank out
some grandbabies or what bring it you
ready to be a grandpa
okay okay I want tell metell Jia so I
ordered this lobster lover plate that's
a lobster right there lobster right
their lobster all of my pasta and then
my dad got a steak and lobster eating
the commandments eat like a man I eat
like a man fight like a man
alright y'all so I'm back on the flip I
had to dig up an old one that I don't
use anymore
my other flip isn't working so I don't
know what happened but just help brick
shoot some stuff and now I'm going to
shoot some stuff with some other stuff
and then you know I had to pay off my
car cuz the lady said I needed to pay
off my car before I don't know man
word out
what's up guys I figured out the problem
with my with my flip camera it's just
the battery was dead so after I charged
it it was it's okay now I actually have
to pack right now because I am I didn't
celebrate my birthday on the actual
night I just kind of chilled and you
know worked on some stuff and you know
contemplated life and all that good
stuff but I'm gonna be celebrating this
weekend which is why I got a pack
because I'm meeting somebody somewheres
if y'all can y'all can you can leave
where you think I'm goin in the comments
but if you follow me on Twitter that's
not fair because I kind of talked about
it but whatever um so yeah I got a pack
got a flight at 7 o'clock in the morning
so you know gotta do some laundry and
shit and you know trying to write some
music and she and you know I'm saying
you know I'm saying write some scripts
and shit but yeah alright till the next
vlog thanks for watching love you guys
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you
King shit
