I got a bank failure do anything wrong
uh not even thing hold up a bank to get
that right Sonia so you guys know what
you don't like the way my hair looks
don't make me feel like that wait wait
you can see you're blocking me with this
cornice vlogger must be brandy leave all
this
no put these back on Hodor Hodor Hodor
yo so you guys are in for a treat
because we are looking at more wedding
venues today with our wedding planner
actually maybe get a wedding planner
guys how Hollywood is that oh whatever
so here we are at the what's its called
alright so here we are at the Adams in
house in Malibu exploring another
potential wedding venue it's kind of
cool it's like definitely pretty I think
it just looks a little too uh I don't
know maybe make not really our style
yeah feel like you know it's all too
rustic and we're kind of going a little
little little modern little funky ear
are we allowed to do I don't know where
we go I'm assuming it would be on this
lawn yeah the wedding you made me cry
you walked out the door before my lonely
tears good thing you were going through
it like
we're gonna like any event like a little
cocktail event so we have to dress up so
like we're pulling into a coffee bean
put our family
here gonna beat ya disgusting disgusting
can we talk about you are truly a unique
woman TMZ
never in my life have I seen somebody
open up the bag of chips because this is
here and it said rip down one of a kind'
let me say you get whichever way pretty
weird to open but I mean I guess it
makes sense you know now you can share
it easier
I changed in public restrooms like naive
investments in public hallways like some
title ragamuffin like some type of cool
again you go to some fancy Club
ravenson thanks his feet look really
weird in Russians he has one pair of
like black belt
dress shoes that we left in the other
cars snow happens
he feels that he looks really weird but
like why would you feel that
I think they look
- II think it's
I think you look handsome thank you
we're at the second location that we're
scoping out for a potential wedding
venue this is the wedding planner guys
having fun chewing on food on bruschetta
and we do is just drink quesadillas and
a cheese turning up I got a couple of
days and then or else I'd be drunk right
now so this is the where we get this is
the Beller Bay Club we're on the upper
club right now and we're looking at this
view show them the view then review the
the views yeah it's kind of lit it's
kind of lit it's pretty sweet what'd you
think big this is nothing more art speed
then yeah for sure for sure right man
this is kind of nice kind of nice got a
little white babies running around you
know it's a good area when you got
little white babies hello hi how's it
going hi look she just trusts everybody
that's how you know this is a good area
man so the boot selection here is pretty
poppin bro pretty poppin
got some k
caramel cakes over here you don't worry
about a better way about
it's going to fail Muir feel a little
bit
it's not by the mashed potato patient
mashed-potato martini station let's see
we got some mashed potatoes its
mushrooms its bacon some crispy onions
on top creme fraiche and some truffle
butter trickled all over there
you don't take a bite clean bite yeah do
it do it do it butter
oh it's fried chicken in there too
is it bomb
in the mashed-potato the trouble how
does it make you feel
hell yeah
okay so it's another day of wedding
venue searching there's a spot out here
in Palos Verdes which is like I don't
know 45 minutes away from Long Beach I
didn't know that this was 40 minutes
away from me this is kind of crazy I
think I might just have to like booked a
room here for a weekend with Rick and
baby you're never here I don't know babe
I've already spent like two weeks with
you this is true its babe it's not his
fault he's super enjoyable to be around
you are but you're never here you're all
the way in Canadia all the time I've
been trying you think I put a ring on
that shit for now it's on you homie I
gotta do anything feature man
just to try to save me Church it
couldn't change me even if they pay in
this corner at 106 pounds and in this
corner at 117 pounds making her debut in
the ring that luchador tell you we do
these masks you make me laugh and I'm
happy happy feet the Canadian penguin oh
okay oh damn going for the pain go in
team won't ease when the fantasy has
ended and all the children are gone
something good inside me
helps me to carry on I ate some bugs I
ate some grass I use my hand to wipe my
tears to kiss you live to kiss your
mouth I break my vows no no no no no no
way Jose
unless you want to break back together
and go Nadia
ain't got masses in canadian
international
i wifey right there
so what do you think what do you think
what if a man nut it in your mouth
without telling you first of all why are
we not talking about safe sex at all
hello people he shouldn't he have been
wearing it all the cold dress I know
this is a big if it's oral sex it sounds
like dudes not very quickly when it's
like the first few times of the partner
because there's it's excitement they're
going on so it sounds like this is a new
partner and we all use condoms for oral
sex with new partners right no I'm not
gonna lie to you guys
a dude from a girl they just met at the
club right then and there yeah doesn't
feel the same it doesn't make sense but
it also doesn't feel like chlamydia I
think you're making this up Michael
Douglas had caught chlamydia you can get
throat comitia HIV from chlamydia
there is gonorrhea you can knock on Rios
are your herpes absolutely herpes you
should use a condom
but it doesn't make sense like eating a
hamburger with a hotdog bun like you
don't want to do know you saw it doesn't
it yes eating a hamburger with the
you
