so guys I'm here with my good friend
Alex Reid hi and um she has these
signature Bowie Valentine's Day cookies
that she that she bakes so we're gonna
cook we're gonna show you guys how to
make some booty Valentine's Day cookies
so that this Valentine's Day you can
give your man some booty the good stuff
cookies yes so you can obviously make
your cookies from scratch but I can't
cook it all so I just take the shortcut
and I get Nestle Tollhouse heart-shaped
cookies and that's smell cheeks where we
open the package
like real man open this package I don't
know what he's in um something like
Norman attack bug so alex has no idea
what she's doing guys they do I'm a pro
yeah I just I'm not good at the baking
part so we're gonna dump some olive oil
I feel like really need like a tiny bit
though Oh royal yeah really yeah like
it's a tiny bit I'll spread it so we're
gonna just put a tiny bit of oil on the
pan okay so here's the heart-shaped
cookie mm-hmm flip it around so that
you're using the side that does have any
drawing on it place it on your cookie
sheet first you got a pre-heat your oven
for 10 minutes on how much that mean 350
degree degrees so then once we have our
little heart shapes cut out and put on
the cookie sheet we're going to cut off
the tip so we're creating little booties
mmm like so not too much cuz we want to
get a little bit of that fat
mm-hmm uh-huh cakes you see Oh see you
know it's an ass uh-huh okay that's how
the magic started don't cut off too much
of it or else it all turns like a small
little low little skinny little white
girl booty and nobody wants that
actually I'm just actually white girls
we having fat asses sometimes
Oh so actually everybody has asked you
know Asian girls I don't have a slut
like my prom date had a huge ass she was
Asian
um anybody that went to prom with me can
vouch for that
we were trying to preheat our oven we
try to pay heater oven and then I was
like what smells funny I'm like oh we're
baking pots and pans that are already in
there it's so bad so make sure you take
everything out of your oven before you
start okay so now that the ovens
preheated we're gonna put our cookies in
mm-hmm
don't let the hair catch on fire now how
long how long for to be in there play
read the thing ten minutes that's what
Maxim oh really
yep nine to ten minutes so ten minutes
maximum and or until it's golden brown
if you like crunchy cookies obviously
longer bishop we're gonna take these
cookies out in like 10 12 minutes or so
they're a nice little golden brown fish
I think without plump and cute they are
plump and cute little light-skinned
booty no white girl maybe asian girl
maybe a dominican light-skinned
Dominican mix girl booties now we're
gonna put underwear on oh yeah this is
the fun part it's my favorite part
girl favorite the best part is taking
the panties off the booty
okay so I got pink red white Valentine's
colors mm-hmm my favorite holiday by the
way Valentine's Day
yeah very favorite like how can you beat
a holiday where you're constantly
getting stuffed animals and chocolate
yeah for cute girls you don't get me um
stuffed animals and chocolate no let's
gently get that line going the top of
the underwear leave a little room for
the back ladies a little chickies yeah
your man will really appreciate the time
and effort you put into these movies you
could also write G little sayings on
them stuff like that like be my well
come get this ass or that which one
would you rather get be mine or be mine
I come get this ass now look you got a
little booty cookie with you boy short
jiggy polkadot nice Ortiz
I love pink pics yeah that's a fun
I really do I used to UM like when I
first started dating a girl I would tell
her beyond that I really like depends
and then so if she wore pink pens on the
date idea that she wanted me to see them
oh my gosh that's so smart genius or
what it is so far then you should never
draw these as granny panties No
hey great face give you a some time did
you only get girls more of our receiving
holiday yeah oh for girls yeah totally
no holiday yeah so it's kind of like
yeah I'll say you find something sexy to
dress in some Andre get that boy a
little coupon and says you can do
whatever you want to me and that is all
you need to give you a guy for
Valentine's Day that's all yes seriously
coupon thing anything you want
basically okay so now we're going to
show you the panties that we made first
I got these uh pink panties with little
white ribbons cuz I just I'm a fan of
PMS okay I got us our little classic
Valentine's look cute cheeky white red
heart red panties red panties with the
garters attached
San Goku dots so cute for that you know
when you have one have one of those
nights where you like pulling her hair
and slapping her and calling her a dirty
bitch and stuff is it the slut panties
is that really Valentine's Day yeah even
you could kind of it make passionate
love to somebody and slap them coming
visit they like it yes okay g-string yes
I did these white panties with the red
trim but they got a zipper in the back
zipper white little baby pink polka dots
super cute I got the granny Angela but
like she got you know girls they were
the granny panties when they're on their
period most of time so that's a little
like she's she's a little spotting as
they call it
Oh check this out too so really good to
leave it up while I'm picturing is you
dream after period blood so good alright
so this was a
times day booty cookies yeah let's read
um Timothy DeLaGhetto
hi job yeah because I take it the Royal
penis is clean your highness thank you
King shit
