I like this I like
guys can guess what I'm doing right now
this is crazy I'm being cameraman rapido
on rigs channels snake thing you know
wriggle you know today's here
um so I'm driving to Hollywood to shoot
a music video with de sautron DeStorm Oh
Richard
and yes you know what like I know I've
been wearing this hat every day people
are gonna like me more in the past
couple blogs whatever people always
comment on it when you see a few items
multiple times and like young young you
guys act like you don't have a just like
a hat you know everyday wear or a shirt
you don't wear it every day your drawls
you don't wear every day it's like yeah
well first of all this is over a week
amount of time you know I'm saying so I
might have been wearing this hat on
Monday one week and then on Wednesday
another week but you guys see it
consistently see you like Tim Tim really
loves that hat I'm like well yeah I do
so we shooting this music video for a
song I did with the genre and Steve and
Joe and they store we do a guerilla
style right now we're Hollywood young
fan and great they don't get interested
beginning chicken wing friends it's
crazy this is crazy I'm so Hollywood
here we go first bite being a chicken
wing
it's good it doesn't necessarily say
fighting it's good
in Hollywood we decided let's go to
Madame Tussauds Wax Museum Queen I've
been here and and as Lucille Ball and a
I forgot how scary these aware names so
they got these fake we got these fake
photographer wax figures taking pictures
of the real wax they just show me or
hick or Tilton's in front of the
elevator waiting for people to come up
here we go as you can see there's fake
Madonna and we're just waiting for these
elevator doors to open up I'm like this
right now
we are at the wax museum thumbnail big
back that way
okay look at the Gaga cake oh yeah you
know why girls candy I'm just playing my
girl what is this love you crazy
alphaCAT alright your help okay
I see look I smashed one with the
Kangaroos right and then you get them no
not you likewise you like my Cruz you
did that you get the camper your game
I'll get the one
okay I'll take that one right there with
the uh what myth - so
I don't see
gotcha Elysee
so we just shown here at the wax museum
insane
Oh what are you Rick I'm a bad mother
my bad Halle Berry Halle Berry ha ha
nothing in appearance II think I'm the
preachers never like good good oh yeah
goddamn everybody staring when they see
what she be wearing she go get her my
own trendsetter you think you got a dime
ooh - ten better and we in the club of
the dudes be mad pump good morning I
didn't get a lot of sleep last night but
I got a busy busy busy day today
I'm going on a little meeting - a little
meeting right now and look this right
here if you ever if you're ever in
Hollywood and you see signs like this
like random signs with random words
pointing somewhere that usually means
they're shooting some type of scene for
a movie or TV show and that's where all
the extras are supposed to go a little
little fun fact for you whatever
whatever I'm wearing like stuff that's
like more urban you know I'm saying like
I got like the beyond and the hoodie I
like two bumps shit like Mumford & Sons
refresh my bro so I can do this
it's tiny to us
so now I'll have to show you this part
cuz I can't tell you what the song is
gonna be but it comes out on Tuesday
what's good know who is right they don't
know mr. Kaka hey Timothy did not get
old if you know I'm telling you tell me
away from my girlfriend
imma steal your fucking phone yo see the
Royal penis is clean your highness Thank
You King shit
