go to Honolulu make some babies God boo
boo boo they all wear red this place
called Casa Camino get some food my
shaking my fam
what were you saying that you say - nice
cheers last night yeah yeah so tonight
we gonna have a body kick wrong and stay
nice room all I know yes
your Netflix yeah that's right
look he's already finished his margarita
mom start eating some we're going to -
Cheers
margarita number two cheers Cheers her
dad cheers yay you lose one game huh
she's taking her time she's like I said
don't put don't put don't pressure her
dad don't pressure her is it my mom
strong I don't you my mom stronger what
I said yes she's gonna be candy I love I
know I love exploiting my parents it's
so funny Sochi is gone guys
and you know now that she's gone back on
my veggie tip and the oh I'm not a
beaten fist this time no meat at all no
fish no shrimp no chicken no beef no
pork until this album is done eggs don't
count egg chicken eggs aren't alive and
chicken bro and look at those bad guys
bringing back in the vlog yeah walk
around lake wa ma got recognized by by
this dude right here with some man see
what's up good man is Timothy Timothy
DeLaGhetto jr. kid yes no he's reckless
on his rap so yeah what's good what's
good what's going on what's up with well
yeah yeah let's take a picture yeah
three 143 yes
Allah I love you so I had to after so a
lot of you guys ask you know how I met
my girlfriend how I met my friends I've
said this before but me and Eric
actually went to high school together
paramount high we had drama together
yeah PE we were musicals together
Oklahoma sophomore year with a wind
comes sweeping around the plains inland
and it sure smells sweet I'm so sick
when the wind comes at me and the leg so
right now I just picked up brick about
to pick up Eric we're going out for the
homey George's birthday to this club in
the OC Orange County and down so early I
told you how I man Eric well how me and
Rick met we also went to high school
together we actually didn't like each
other we first met Rick thought I was
you know fake want to be a black dude
and and I thought he was he was always
making you know rings the funny dude you
know yeah but when I first met him it
was he just constantly joking joking
joking I was like I I forgot who's this
guy trying to impress you know um so we
didn't like each other but eventually
you know we started kicking it to a
mutual friend and now we're best friends
forever
so we're leaving the club now my just as
I suspected
house music all night not even two
minutes of some good old-fashioned black
music stupid house music all night I
mean you know hip-hop music she was wack
bro but Rick and Eric huh
yeah I saw Matt a music video sue what's
up man we don't go oh let you go
we're shooting a music video with tells
you delageteau what I broke another
beautiful day
hey hey I met that girl at a sex shop
ran some randoms in there I'm gonna show
you guys my cock right now Amy's YouTube
APIs from the Leki heart but these are
just actions don't want sweet so it's
Monday so I'm just driving around my
family's got a little grub mom pops
it's in the car knowing each other well
they're annoying me I can't believe this
is a real thing right now this is not a
joke hot guys and baby and
Wow look at this pillow pet that ain't
right
that ain't right assume the position
Dora that's a little girl man
you can't you put it in there that's
gross so Rick was trying to poo and what
do we have here the giant spider Rick
thinks it's a brown recluse which is a
super poisonous it at the time may I see
the little violent thing look like oh
man but check it out this may don't
bring me a slipper listen I know I'm
flat service in the black service this
is squishy do it you do oh I made a real
man shoot I'll kill her with her hear me
get this is honorable what's he look
like he's a old you have to smash that
meeting with that no I'm good
I've been right there in poisonous
spider
I hope he's like family wasn't watching
ain't no hey ro sock is another one
where okay so now a lot of you guys want
to know how me and she amit right well
I'm gonna tell you basically a few years
ago I used to watch this girl on YouTube
named weakness that I was you to name it
the channels deleted now but it was this
girl named Vanessa I stumbled upon her
shit it was really funny and so we I hit
her up on YouTube we kind of just
started communicating on YouTube became
like online friends myspace Facebook and
all that um so eventually I was you know
I was creeping on Vanessa's Facebook's
just checking out pictures you know like
you do on Facebook and I saw this girl
who was tagged in her pictures I was
like yo who's just chick is beautiful
right so I hit up Vanessa like you know
who is your
friend she's bad and she says my
homegirl cheerless and this and that
like you know oh why you think she's hot
I was like man hell yeah but she had a
boyfriend time so um you know it was
whatever she wasn't really paying no
attention to me and plus they were in
Canada so and then one day Vanessa is
like yo I'm gonna be in LA with my girls
dissidence Annette um with my friends
and so I was like well yeah let's meet
up so I went and I met um Vanessa and
and you know cheer was in the group of
friends too but she was kind of she was
like oh hey whatever cuz she had to dude
you know and I'm all trying to make a
good you know first hey hey what's up
nice to meet you first impression shit
with us whatever and then so I guess
what oh yeah and so she was finally
single and then we kind of started
communicating on Facebook and we did a
lot of messaging and texting for a while
before I had a show in Toronto and she
happened to be in Toronto at the time so
um you know like we decided to meet for
the first time at the show and it was
you know beautiful and we hit it off and
um it was magical and um you know we
lived happily ever after man long story
short so that that's how we met
right the Royal penis is clean your
highness thank you King shit I'm a boss
give me coffee in my office with an ex i
bout to blow up overnight like I just
jacked a red Jedi Mind Tricks some data
with my saber yoga
