hi Josh I'm here with that where you go
DJ mr. BCG Elmo radio in Montreal yes
it's from the these dates from the Ethan
who are you
miss Burke Taylor represent Los Angeles
looking for Taylor are missing yeah
here's my album than just drop it up
hello bees mm yes and guess what I just
signed a contract I'm going to Montreal
on Wayne is there February the 24th
harbour 24th on the practice my French
get them whatever coucher avec moi plus
the other what you know in the studio
wank so dumb I do Westlake go he's new
to the steerer yeah
in the studio right now but to lay some
shit down possibly yeah we're out for my
album yeah we shut it on the road
without me yeah yeah I mean yo doan't
found it took you to be mom
it's Mulan's on the wall
it's Asian server ever yeah yeah yeah
exclusive egg entire here we are tired
but almost done so we knew with you so
much you give them too much you give it
to my all right John
so after a very frustrating and you know
just annoying day I finally get to relax
and I go to this watch the dawn concert
I'm here with Rick and y'all can see him
this time hey shiny so yeah we head to
the Staples Center right now about to go
watch Kanye and jay-z about to go you
know join the Illuminati and we're here
at the Staples Center BOTS gorgeous
watch the throne concert so I googled
these tickets literally like a few days
ago alright because I really wanted to
go and I found some decent seats how far
like $150 look at where we have
that is the stage of it that is where
they will be facing and this is where we
are this is the curtain that's occurred
we are parallel to the curtains tie with
it
some here at PD I'm here beautiful I'm
here pretty close we better-looking my
music video and just got back from the
Watch the Throne concert with Rick it
was dope freaking dope jay-z hits Kanye
hit they did niggas in Paris like
freaking it's okay it's okay it's
tighter than a song uh I did it like
four times and then me and Rick were
like okay why are they doing why all
right they're not about to do this more
again are they and on the fifth time we
bounced come to find out they they
perform the song ten times to close the
show why
so I'm one way to do this so I'm off
into this photo shoot right now for this
magazine and the photographer isn't
something like a fun personality
whatever she was like how would you feel
about doing something like it's kind of
like naked like you're streaking or
something I was like yeah that'd be
funny you shut them down
but tell me why it's super cold today
and if all boys know I mean I'm not big
but like I'm gonna have like extra
shrinkage on this shit you know it's for
an art project so gross
all right look at the fish
then be a little more expressive
I'm here my boy Wally's house
interviewing for kicking it and known
this dude since like a long time what up
I known him since I was like I used to
work at CPK Lakewood mall right and he
used to be the man at the door at Club
blue apes eaten over all days that it's
an over closed that was the shit but
yeah and now you know he he's one of the
main tools of it arisu y'know arisu
right clothing and um you know I run the
internet so right Rick why are you
laughing at me cause I'll do shit
alright people like me now subscribe to
a high B shucks as well we back at
boiling crab got done doing everything
we had to do I'm murdering this dozen
oysters right now
gee wish I like that Ross shit you don't
man
you know I'm saying Rick you don't know
you don't know what I'm saying
but I like I like raw fish oh yeah yeah
like them raw potatoes now what does
that mean so I just had to get some
shrimp and a big-ass Lobster
that is my sell pile that is Rick shell
pile I ate all of that fun there's
nothing but a little tiny baby potato in
there this log came out kind of short so
here's a clip of the chilling here in
the atmosphere music video if you
haven't seen that yet and also a clip of
the newest episode of powerhouse where
we get crabs and have two and they take
over the city links down here on my junk
so intoxicated by the way that you just
taste forget about the haters baby
moving in my place some things about you
that should not just be replaced like
when your nose is itchy and your scrunch
up your whole face and everything before
that I ever thought was corny started
making sense to me I wish you would have
warned me home taken by sensations that
I just wasn't prepared for the h8 girl
you got me airborne
y'all ain't consider it man one of those
girls was screaming like a damn banshee
that was me Rick and those girls are
nasty you guys need to be get into a
hospital right now okay dr. Rick
whatever I'm serious you got superpowers
so anything you have can get superpowers
too I told you that was craps
y'all got crabs city is being attacked
by giant crab
the Royal penis clean your highness
Thank You King shit
