so what's different minute made on my
flight Sylvain cool hurry and my tummy
that chickie with being pool not steady
be nice and burgundy band shoes keep my
feet on the seat because I know that I
came oh hey guys star of the to tell a
soap opera that's me you guys might have
caught me on that hey when you gonna
blow more Californians Kasim's I just
did oh I knew that oh oh guess what guys
we have moved on to another vlog camera
time to retire the flip it's been good
to me these past 250 vlogs or so but you
know it started effing up I dropped it a
shitload of times the audio was kind of
if you heard on the last vlog of my
girlfriend it's kind of you know there
were some weird noises and so I I'm now
using the Sony Bloggie since the flips
are no longer made I got a flash on this
bad boy so yeah guys oh my gosh there's
a light there is a light that shines on
my new blog you camera rigs poopy Brick
City stroke in his wiener he's not
pooping let me stop looking at myself
all right John so I'm in Hollywood right
now I'm with my boy Rams oh all the way
from Canadia
TDOT Brendan Harrison Otis cat is mad
talented what's the YouTube telling to
subscribe okay what's up guys so I'm
driving all the mo means to the airport
right now is rig there's Peter who's
Eric or as you guys know the freaky
shucks
Phoebe flow so rego and they're all
going to San Francisco for this secretly
secret thing and I was supposed to be in
Australia this weekend and bless I
wasn't hit up for the secret things so
take it in the airport and I'm gonna be
a little all weekend all right so you're
gonna book the tree like balls like
we've never bought the time no I do it
in the same manner I sleep in the same
bed not because it's just cuz we only
got one bed gonna be awesome
you ready beric
Rick show them your head so I dropped
them on and cool chillin by myself get a
long time by myself
I'm at Cal State Long Beach
you're at a beach radio getting
interviewed by what are you who you guys
inside voices radio - Coco sir
yeah man I'm I might come back next
semester Shh
bagging Jonesy studio doing a weekly 16
this week was the motto Yolo Yolo you
know I'm saying
Jambi say without dog back at it and
back at it again there's your program
regulars regularly scheduled program I
might as well be productive since all my
friends are in San Francisco now we have
traffic in the way you should take a
detour I'm like Maryland I'm just trying
to be more the next Will Smith in the
club getting Ziggy my girl going ham you
could call the Miss Piggy so I'm over
here jennamarbles spot with young on him
supper he or you may know that don't now
my fans hate white people's okay I'm
just gonna cool but yeah we're shooting
some funny hilarious this is gonna get
like a hundred million billion views man
is crazy it's crazy
and this Dorito feeling inside these man
Tracy what guys
jenna Marbles dog Kearney hmm what you
doing oh yeah big Snoop Dogg back in the
he's a baby
so guess what guys I'm in a Thai
newspaper check it out
show dad show me look guys that's me oh
what's it say say you're the dumbest hmm
hey am I gonna be on your channel or the
new yeah I'd upgrade the flip was
fucking up you changed where we be
jailers ytf Christmas party all day all
day
once again no check this out though look
what I can do I can see myself now oh my
god it's a crane shot now it turns to
crap I go red carpet it's all the whites
yes guys check this out bro oh yeah a
son it's a flash bro cane candy cane yes
oh my god
this is great this is go
I hope it doesn't bubble that's pretty
cool
six
good morning good morning hey guys
remember when I did that thing where if
I raise $10,000 for charity I was gonna
get my pubes waxed okay so we weren't
near $10,000 at all so I convinced them
to bump it down to 2,500 and we're
really close to 2,500 there's three days
left to donate
hey goggle helping homeless youth so
donate if you want to see me what I
already did it she already wax me but
they won't let me put it up unless I
reach some type of goal so you know hey
Lucia I'll show you a clip check it out
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
