so I'm on my way - I'm on my way to the
airport flying to Minneapolis to party
public ad crew because they're throwing
a show out there and you Garcia shun
Martinez my dad my image cassia and
little fans shout out to my homegirl
Linda she's on that reality show with
repossessed cars she sent me a bunch of
shirts from her for her clothing brand
pink pizza he's in a big pizza box isn't
that cute there she is in that cute ear
baby
we Minneapolis Midwest is the Midwest we
Minneapolis we need a shower and sound
of food I do i spooked on the plane I
took like a 30-minute poop on the plane
you got Rick no no I would no thanks
so right this sushi place over here my
homegirl Traci pick us up in the airport
she's a French and Hmong and so like I
was asking her how to say freaky shit in
French and she taught me how to say I
want to lick you which is a shiver to
leash a glacier everything this year I
just said I want to lick you in French
okay who say everyone oh look this is
crazy we can you can tell bring do it
whoa someone needs to clean that up
before there's an accident
so we had the Mall of America Rick about
to meet up a little craze in the whole
kib crew
it's gonna be like 20 of us walking
around his mom look at all these snap
bags as soon as you walked in like I
went oh there goes the mob of snap bags
so we about to enter through the back
and it's snowing outside goddesses crazy
I'm not used to this you know I'm an LA
boy I'm a city boy we're here getting
everything ready for this little crazy
for you tonight I'm here with Michele
Martinez you're performing tonight huh
yeah they crush them now you are you
feeling ours
we got an travers√©e at soundcheck it
yeah yeah
Haizi kind of falling in love
take a moment of silence cuz I'm killing
a teen got it down to a science
Lien's only Long Beach the Lions blend
and fresh shit like a kitchen appliance
I've been grinding it got a few fans
fresh out the box like a pair a new
Vince it's a seven in the morning and I
walk my ass up out of bed and went to
the airport cuz I'm flying to Canada to
visit my lady it's snowing outside which
is now how does one explain the sudden
feel any feels when he's not sure what
he's feeling but he knows that it's real
to take something intangible and try to
explain not fully understanding all the
bats in my brain so it's a bright snowy
day out here and are you gonna feed me
yeah it's got close-up on the eyes are
now cuz they look all yellow green and
green
it's not as pretty as my eyes though you
gotta make sure the light hits them they
kind of hazel if you like hit them in
the right angle but though dad but
though all that ass though girl peaches
well Peters look she was my stuff she's
gonna take it poo in your bag okay so
when I when I buy her plane tickets her
middle name is Christina so like I have
to enter it into a little thing but I
guess as I was putting it in you know
sometimes your computer remembers the
names her middle names stuck in there
and for some reason it came out as Tim
Christ
oh my ticket and that's what my name was
so uh go in the airport now leave in
Canada early with sleepy crying and shit
you know and now it's back to real life
hey do miss me you go maybe put scam in
your face you don't miss me
mmm you look so cute in the morning and
then you'll make a face my favorite okay
so now I'm gonna before we all start
crying
imma turn the camera off but leaving
Canada now and and I see her again in in
a few weeks right yeah yeah baby yeah
and and a lot of people ask me you know
how do I do a long-distance relationship
man and no it's just worth it man this
chick is worth it so you know hey guys
guess what
I'm back home back in sunny California
no snow anywhere but no I got you though
dad I got to babe guess what guys so
unfortunately I was supposed to go okay
I was supposed to go to Australia like
tomorrow to host a couple events in
Melbourne and Sydney as I've been
speeding and facebooking
about but there were some complications
with the event and unfortunately medians
I'm founded will no longer be going
Australia and I think the event is like
cancelled so apologies to my Australian
people you know I love you man you know
I have a good time out there but it's
not gonna happen this time guys sorry
and of course there's nothing like
coming home to some home-cooked Thai
food Thai smile restaurant stop gotta
kiss the cook you know I'm seeing it's
all fake it's all fake sitting in love
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit and it also brings
back the natural oils making your penis
shinier and brighter than it's ever been
Wow and it also comes in four different
scents clam chowder some men who use
Dixie might have experienced some side
effects such as diarrhea anal leakage
nipple dehydration cottonmouth letting
Hobie fuck you bitch nausea
