Happy Thanksgiving hey happy turkey day
we got some turkey got some ham got some
salad got some croissants Cheers
yeah thank you Jesus Buddha Mohammed
mm-hmm Cheers
yo look at the turkey though it's all
gone and that was just me my mom and my
dad driving Knox fine we ask people over
my cousin came over and heard oh my
parents friends oh I'm so full you know
I I was watching one of my old videos
like my no racial video I was like
dancin I was like waist skinny here I
mean uh you know I got a little buffer
but uh got a little fatter to definitely
go hit the gym soon after a nap so I'm
grabbing some lunch with my home girl
from high school Joanne Vidal sim we're
grubbing we're going in right now all
this food check it out I ordered like an
adult grilled cheese sandwich and tomato
soup and they cut it up so you can like
dipper that shit yeah yeah
so forever21 is coming with the new
styles that towel style yeah robe
looking like Cookie Monster of making
we're trying to find jeans for a cab
here how's that going - going good
package only studio lobbies doing this
weekend 16 Yonkers this time y'all want
me to get on that Yonkers let's answer
some questions Weisman always on a cell
phone
she's texted ladies hey hey you know who
you are before I got with Gia
you know that's always me texting all
the time you know like i still text as
much as rick does I'm just always I'd
take a few seconds to flip a little bit
you know let's see what else
why does a big driver it's actually had
a car but he gave it to a sister on
cleaning my room and on Pandora Joe I
want to know came on and like this is my
first my first girlfriend ever Tina Park
this was our song so shout out to her
yoga or mine alright I wish I could be a
harmony singer so I could take pictures
like this I don't believe that they'd
love you wanna share Oh
okay so one of us cuz we got to get one
last shot for the chillin here in the
atmosphere music video got people there
now we have no idea what let's go
we need this shot last time so we got
off the bus randomly and oh sure I miss
felt because of this stone but this guy
what's up man hey what's up my name is
Siri how you doing what's up bro and you
and you watch the videos i watch your
videos yeah they're pretty funny issue
Thank You Man Thank You Man we just took
pictures and hugs and he any give me a
handjob is freaking sweet all right hey
look who's in there because in the
studio guys alphaCAT lion's den Obama
swag calm / animals Rick I'm like y'all
even know we got a stripper coming
overhead cancel it okay look who walked
into my blog how come every time I see
you wanted to fight or something
Bobby leaves no don't do likeable guy
now you want to hurt me enough fight you
have knives from man TV how do you
always hang out with him and it's Aries
Spears I'm sorry yeah he's way bigger
than you I was like oh we were trying to
eat healthier shit right but I've been
craving fried chicken for like the past
two weeks but I've been fighting it off
and then I'm on my way to do this
interview for kicking it I know I hate
kicking it too guys and and I'm plugged
into my GPS looking for food at Roscoe's
popped up half a mile away but at this
rate looks like half a mile gonna take
like a half an hour
mmhmm yeah
so now we are in West Hollywood driving
to go watch my homegirl Alex Reid
perform should be fun
that's my friend we got him okay sup
y'all i'm fighting traffic once again a
mom away to kena growler kina grannis
you know the lovely singer kina grannis
she's having a little potluck dinner at
her spot in LA so you know I'm saying
got some hot seat you from the
restaurant hot seat you looking at me
and and I can tell by the way did you
say to me yeah mom I I'm going to get
I'm gonna go get the potluck yeah what
way I'm gonna get hey what do you call a
guy standing on the toilet high on pot
Cathy no in yeah in her Christmas letter
it's checking her lasagna that's it
flick it I'm gonna burn myself just
because lookit lookit is it good
so cold it's not cold but it's not Ross
hi Mac you know Grannis is soiree we're
chillin and everyone says chillin
oh it is on right I just I just I
disabled the so I can creepily film
giggle ya know it's really creepy oh
yeah
we're and we're getting wasted no we're
roasting chestnuts
I don't drink guys dancing these guys
owe me Jerry Photon
that's so creative boy all comes down
this way oh yes no smell if they don't
get this
I
stop pretty sleepy but I got a pack for
Minneapolis cuz I'm going to Minneapolis
in the morning to not perform but little
crazed and Andrew I see you and Michelle
Martinez are performing at Club epoch so
I'm gonna go party because Minneapolis
is fun to party in and all the homies
are gonna be there so me and Rick are
gonna fly out there this is one of the
shows that we that we're paying on our
own tip because we just want to go party
so and then after Minneapolis I'm gonna
go to Canada and kick it which he is for
a couple days so good night oh yeah and
I'm not gonna be in I'm not gonna be
home this weekend so no weekly 16 on
trapping music channel sorry guys go go
tell them
vlog viewers can you guys go tell the
traffic music people that there will not
be a weekly 16 this week thank you the
Royal penis is clean your highness thank
you
King shit
