so it's day 2 of a shooting with Sam
macaroni for this crazy epic amazing
kung fu skit we're doing we out here in
the mountainous mountains and beaches
it's right way so friggin Sam macaroni
has driving in the freaking by highest
peaks of this mountain on a dirt road
locates paved a really scary ski road
and this is probably like one of the
things I hate doing people always ask me
like hey Tim what's like what are you
scared of and I was like I don't know
but then I'm like but this shit freaks
me out man especially at night I just
feel like I can roll out the cliff and
then die eaten by coyotes get to do that
let's go tonight I guess so out here
amongst nature about to shoot this next
thing nature and already Afro Samurai
okay how you feeling he called yeah how
cold is that pulled up tied up because
he's sick you got that you got the heels
on in the mud so after a long day's
shooting we're super hungry I didn't
realize how close were to Santa Monica
Pier where we are right now as you can
see at the dock and roller coasters and
yeah we're gonna have a little man date
with my man Rick here oh it appears
looking Purdy
oh look how easy would be to have sex on
this beach man it's so dark and empty or
just do it right here let the bubblegum
people see ok so right now so right now
we can't get into the club because a
couple too drunk get in bro we drunk all
day bro they're racist exactly so we had
to me Rick we're like okay it's time to
go home so we watch over there is the
Best Western called a cab and now we're
chilling in the lobby waiting on this
cabs time to go home get some Bennie's
or something
you know do some bitches just did oh
yeah daddy's in some beaches just for
Rick though cuz I got a girlfriend
Rick and I have discussed this before if
a fat girls booty to waist ratio still
does this you good in my book I take it
down
I'm not even trippin same thing with
guys right if it's penis things up
further than this bellies exactly
exactly
ladies here's what you need to know guys
don't care about cellulite as much as
girls dude cab is here that's all you
need to know we don't care about
cellulite we don't care about stretch
marks we really don't a fat ass is the
pharaoh ass
let's get some breakfast so now we're at
Denny's guys and it's Christmas on a
Denny's Rick because here live what is
it merry merry little Christmas look
guys I donated the Toys for Tots so I
get to put a thing on this Dennis
Christmas tree Deez Nuts on an open
purse
yo it is raining like crazy and Long
Beach right now I'm doing a little
interview for them but it's dude what's
the shouted out bro new media rockstars
awesome check it out new media rockstars
dot-com
check it out yeah so I just got done
recording my weekly 16 and only spot in
Long Beach and now I'm heading towards
Hollywood to do a music video with
versatile for a song we did called the
rebound it's about you know when you're
like a Reeve
girls you're the rebound guy for the
girl when you when the girl gets any
other rebound good right Rick
sleepy time it's so rainy here's what I
do with my chicken nuggets guys I get a
sweet and sour and a hot mustard and I
combine it to get a hot sweet and sour
mustard it's delicious
like that shit stupid
so I'm chillin in LA right now we just
wrapped the music video we own western
and Olympic in Los Angeles near
Koreatown and look what we found hold on
can you see that
let me let that light adjust look guys
it's my big-ass face with mouse traps
all over it right there you see Tim
DeLaGhetto do whatever it takes or don't
forget to donate
and yeah man look this is real this is
not photoshop's
wah pitch the Royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit Tim you
should probably stop you'll never get a
deal fucking deal do you know how we
tried the bullet feel to tell your
family bills and you did it by yourself
self-made self-made fuck everybody else
