good morning my nosy beautiful vlog
viewers yeah today's about to be a super
busy day and I realized I'm wearing the
same thing that I was wearing in a
previous vlog that's because it's like
this outfit and it wasn't stinky yet so
hey fuck you no just kidding today's
move very busy days because whenever Chi
is in town you know I tell people not
gonna shoot anything no business
meetings no business calls none of that
and then when and then when she leaves
it's like Ryan time again you know
shoutout to dumbfounded so now I'm
actually driving I'm on the way to this
little audition slash meeting with with
well you know it's not important so I
was on my way to this meeting I was
about to park and and this dude starts
screaming at me like crazy from this car
man
hey my god shouts today sure so I came
to me I'm meeting - oh my gosh I'm
speechless thanks a lot you're crazy
Road thank you of it thank you so I just
finished my little audition thing and it
went well I'm on my way to make her to
shoot some stuff and you know YouTube
men and you know I know I know I say
that I call my son
my my kids that watch my videos stupid a
lot and you guys are stupid
Shh you guys are stupid but I read a
quote the other day that made me realize
you know you have to be young and stupid
before you can be old and wise and this
is very true
so you know you guys go ahead and be
stupid you know but but I will call you
stupid when you're being stupid also man
um you know I just kind of you know for
a while I was letting myself get
frustrated at YouTube comments when
people were misunderstanding me or just
not getting what I was saying or taking
my jokes you serious and you know I just
kind of realized that like the more you
get people the more ears I get to listen
to me it's like the higher chance of
getting misunderstood you know and I
just kind of have to be ready for that
so hey yo guys chill out on the
guess who I ran into my last Emma can I
go check out its younger this is we
gotta go baby no button okay bye-bye
that was John Oh Michael son porn stars
so I'm on the beach attempting to do a
theater of life with the good neighbor
guys and and I'm soaked I'm so bad right
now I don't know like I'm just like I'm
all quiet can you someone want to say
funny though so as you can see I can't
even arrest over here they got people
camera crews in my house no rest for me
and rhaegar trying to watch The
Cleveland Show Miami working still hey
you guys wanna see you know a funny
story about this Marilyn Monroe
cardboard cutout I stole it from day
storms Halloween party and then I was
trying to sneak out with it I was trying
to sneak out with it and his chicks
homegirl was like wait you know I was
like huh but I got it so now me a Rick
are heading to Victor Kim's Victor
King's album release party in Hollywood
you ready to party hard how you feeling
bro your albums out
I'm but get out of my blog bro
so tell me while we were about to leave
enough like oh my god I can't find my
keys I think I lost my keys maybe we
were looking around for him for like
five minutes then we're like Oh valet
stupid - let's go get some Denny's so me
Arikara out of here in Northridge moving
everybody oh it's all florescent you
guys didn't get to see it oh my God
we're going to suit a crazy video with
Sam macaroni and should be dope you know
another day grinding mindin
Oh people asked in my last video I
talked about before if you guys it's
been out before everybody they never
seen it you got a stupid watch me
disharmony are what made this crazy are
me right now don't forget me
I remember you gotta hit it with this so
you don't hear the other one you gotta
hear this so you got you listen to
yourself
those are set and there's our food and
there's our Rick and we are you man say
macaroni what's up I'm saying macaroni
and today we're gonna save an Asian
princess then just take it from this set
right here right here we're gonna kick
so much but over these next four days
hell yeah we're gonna make entertainment
for the masses for the fucking man
fucking macaroni is crazy
y'all need to subscribe to his channel
this videos are dope for real so y'all
ever seen that urban ninja video and
used to be seen it do you see that you
should so this is Zen right last time I
work was in it was on Thai smile the
movie that I did with PD flow and Rick
and everybody five six years like 2006
that movie came out it's on YouTube and
and I got kicked in the face that whole
scene where we added where I get kicked
in the face we had to add that cuz I got
kicked in the face for real on accident
didn't wanted to do his own stuff yeah
I'm a geez like that behind the scenes
behind the scenes Rick amber hey hey
my name is Robin sweet
Thanks later what are you about to do
I'm a date this sordid I must sprayed in
the face of our sleeping crew member
it's not nice that's a white sweater
who's here guys yeah it's been so long
and who's here homie what's up man
what's going on dropping me off some
goodies all right vanetti basically okay
but there's colors uh-huh red black and
white when you do huh
with these three buttons see it's a
scarf and a hoodie hoodie the scarf
hoodie goodie calm for so for so that
calm the Royal penis is clean your
highness thank you
King shit
