so I was kind of debating whether I
should cut my hair or cut it before the
wedding I grow it a year and then cut it
with a wedding and donate it but not
gonna live right kind of feeling myself
right now bro not gonna live it's just
kind of watch this this shit right here
you know yeah I got at least shoot like
one skit where the shits down you know
I'm saying happy looking real real just
luxurious and then one day one day I'm
gonna cut it donate it to charity
something I don't know man we'll see
what's up y'all got me no um should I
grow it for a year and then cut it
before the wedding or should I just like
I'm not gonna I'm okay hey hey hey hey I
got a thanks for ya do anything fogger
not even think hard of a baguette
right so the love of people that DJI
sent me a brand new drone on the top
figure it out but little and go
bring it this way
okay
yeah
oh you're not
all right so now we begin the journey of
trying to find a wedding venue right
here a hotel Maya and Long Beach
checking it out because we got some
recommendations and dope little hotel
what's up baby how do you who
recommended this hotel it's kind of mr.
oh yeah well funny just you know I
thought it's nice to be in Long Beach to
you know I was kind of cool slow funky
got colors got palm trees got em up I
can cobbles this cobblestone oh yeah
baby good baby good you're like a glazed
doughnut yeah oh wow well the same color
oh all I needed to get was a little tan
and I'm like the same color as you look
at that and this is probably what color
our baby's gonna come out maybe yeah for
sure I mean if if I decide that you're
worthy of my seed hmm well it's nice
Word views
is pretty okay okay I'm not mad at Long
Beach I am not mad I see I see
what says I'll do it yo he says Sam dick
pics immediately immediately I
appreciate a villain yeah what get on my
girl is just telling Tim that every time
he runs into fans and they want to shake
can I just give them a hug instead so I
don't get sick because they got germs
and
some people Oh morning good morning I
actually have to leave it's 5:00 a.m.
she is over there farting in her sleep
huh no funny face Canadian so I have the
flat in New York just for a day it says
she was like a Wilin out special like
our favorite moments and shit you gonna
be okay here by your with your family
without me but you know it's not a joke
her fart
once again I'm back in beautiful New
York City what's good what's good guess
who also happens to be in New York this
same night well she's here for a whole
week but oh my what no one's here
she's the magician million batoon you
have imaginary friends silver is not
dead I'm walking to him home to his
hotel yeah to make sure I won't get
taken advantage of it's true I mean I do
have a lot of my collar bone out tonight
so I'm asking for it due to your super
back away hold on okay okay yeah okay do
something like super cool mega batoon
choreography do it
hey let's talk about my fucking footage
let's go don't kill yourself please
oh my god hey okay where can we go
yeah so who's so hey lady don't Peter
said oh no II did you why I love the IPO
0-1 Hey hi Joe please damnit out here
New York of course soon some more I'm
gonna get you right now doc suits it Wow
now we shoot a little special count down
our favorite moment what's up yeah
Jeremy
my favorite dude favorite favorite my
other favorite favorite girl it all
depends depends on how much he talks
today right yeah we better stop Dina go
you know my from the Y's I'm like if she
dude she's so just why don't you just on
the truth that we actually fucks that we
right there's a rumor law a long time
ago yeah a while ago yeah a long alone
like like season 1 he actually got me
the audition yeah yeah no it was not
that I was it was a boy food it was fire
literally she gave me herpes
yeah burns sake what didn't he was like
this is stinging but I just want say my
personal favorite are every time me and
Sam are on the same team that's a
personal favor all of us know I know I
know
thank you thank you seems like that was
your your segment is done make sure I'll
check out her music to she makes good
music you're damn right I do good man
what's up boys good world traveler right
yeah I was trying to do that I think we
all know what they got stamps like yeah
no you
you
you
you
what if a man nut it in your mouth
without telling you first of all why are
we not talking about safe sex at all
hello people he shouldn't he have been
wearing a dress I know that this is the
thing if it's oral sex it sounds like
dudes not very quickly when it's like
the first few times of the partner
because there's this excitement they're
going on so it sounds like this is a new
partner and we all use condoms for oral
sex with new partners right no shame not
a lot so you guys dude will get head
from a girl they just met at the club
right then and there yeah doesn't feel
the same it doesn't make sense but it
also doesn't feel like chlamydia I think
you're making this up Michael Douglas
had caught chlamydia you can get throat
committee HIV from chlamydia
there is gonorrhea you can not go to Rio
sorry your herpes absolutely herpes you
should use a condom
but it doesn't make sense like eating a
hamburger with a hotdog bun like you
don't want to do no you saw no it
doesn't sense eating hamburger with the
arrival penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
