so it's our last day in England the Sun
is setting in Birmingham and yeah it's
been a fun fun fun fun trip man England
so in mad love thank you so much we got
fat out here
it was super fun man crowd is crazy
London Manchester Birmingham thank you
and thank you - it works entertainment
for bringing us out Jen and Joey taking
care of us it's been fun tonight we're
performing at a club that's usually I
mean it's gonna be our night you don't
saying but it's usually a gay club so go
check out these bathrooms though we've
got look it's two boys kissing it's a
there's a gay Asian in there what's
going on here oh I'm not sure I don't
think I don't know what that is is it
the same on the other side oh yeah
he's looking right at me while I'm
pooping look at the star the rig is
pooping in guys let me cover some of
this so it doesn't get flagged
look at that so these guys showed up way
too early at the club event but I hey
what's up man how's it going so much
holy shit
yeah no race oh hell yeah what's up bro
yeah
we performed and now we're gonna do a
meet and greet of the UK this one last
element of England my last hour in
England next time we say you can't it
will be England and Scot you are now
you're in the blog you're in the blog oh
my goodness is putting the winners like
the winners of the costume right here
yes yeah yeah yeah you do look like the
pot actually yes
you cheap yeah
but get out here deep-fries are giving
you out and you're in the blog oh this
is so scary
enjoy the shorts and Miss Rose has
equipped the second heaven oh whoa whoa
hello
oh my gosh hope you enjoy your flight
today secure it
guys look I'm back home look who it is
hey hey hey
but I just got back from a 10-day trip
in would you go Switzerland and in Italy
somebody's trying to pick my pocket and
try to pick his pocket and what you do
don't beat him beat him up damn right
kita means miss di did you miss me come
look at these presents they got me from
Switzerland okay they got me these
underwears right here with the penis on
them
Michelangelo I know I know I'm an artist
I know Michelangelo you know I have the
same birthday as Michelangelo actually
no no it's Michelangelo it's the Statue
of David yeah and they got me this
computer mouse check out this computer
mouse oh yeah hmm right and then a
cowbell why did you give me this cowbell
dad hey you're not gonna mess around
anymore so we're gonna hang this under
the bed under the bed so if you guys
know that the bells going off and that
maybe a couple time couple things that
I'm done so gross dad oh my gosh I'm
home and I'm in my car and I'm so
excited because I'm going to get a
haircut disgusting feels so good to
finally have a haircut son yeah it's
nice that's nice you don't understand
how frustrating it is being fuzzy for
three whole weeks man fuzzy fantabulous
I hate it now for the quiz I'm feeling
good
Rick looking good right Rick Rick
looking good so I'm over here at a smash
here the producers mention his apartment
picking the Miche because she's in she's
in LA for a few days I'm taking her
brunch I was getting home because she's
ever burned again okay so I took me to
the spot in Long Beach called the reef
see we are going in going in I went in
drinkin some champagne me Cheers
so what's up y'all I'm here at day
storms Halloween party it is a
housewarming Halloween party bunch of
youtubers up here
lame I know I'm a tiger
as you can see so let's go party shall
we okay what what what are you
explaining you know but they don't know
jenna Marbles
the Creator Drake the Creator I do want
to help it again okay okay fuck this up
Oh
anybody who knows where a costume is
leave it in the description below the
royal penis is clean your highness thank
you
King shit
