so it's a rainy rainy day we're all sick
and tired I'm over but and fat super fat
but we need to get some shopping in
sarau because our clothes because we're
fat water shopping at H&M you're in the
blood okay hey American girl accident go
oh my god I'm at work and people are
trying to make me do an American accent
oh that's really good oh good
yo all the way and let them in great to
go yeah you gotta love to smoochy oh
shit stop the camera that was crazy good
Oh guys suck yeah see it's not just
Asians to watch my videos oh my goodness
all of all the cameras oh my goodness hi
so my name is Amir yeah shadow to try to
all my best friends Tommy yes I am dude
what did you do for me bro customized a
chance for you man King shit don't that
nice fool a first edition I like that
how about chunk there do you like this
y'all killin air bro I want you see this
shit okay I'm filling it up I can come
another Fresh Prince of YouTube yeah
check it out Thank You Man
let's do it woke me up with these shit
go to his website flip to the core calm
okay what's your name bro my name is
where honey cheese Ruby Bush let him
know yeah and he has a shirt on
yes yes was so everything was up signing
foreheads all day you're giving head so
this dude years ago send me a link to a
video was like hey man like my videos
check them out I rarely click on links
but I clicked on a link made me chuckle
so I subscribes meeting them for the
first time what's up bro no Harold's be
a DLL so are some well-placed up check
it out and subscribe lost minimal
transition later
okay at the canyons very nice got the
balls okay thank you so much these my
friend she drew me thank you
Jimmy hi thank you for joining me yay
and check it out chunk dirty portrait
what's up thank you guys thank you guys
let me do it oh okay not thank you thank
you bro thank you
why Calais well part two of getting
girls with accents to say dirty words
say dick dick say pussy okay wait say it
say what you're feeling he's gotta be
more now we have someone just down yeah
and we got this ego okay okay so that
say fuck my pussy what up guys we are
now getting ready to leave London
yesterday was like the longest
meet-and-greet ever but it was you know
man I was sick my voice is gone but you
know being greets always fun you get to
meet people talk to people and London
fans are definitely devoted and so mad
love thank you so much to London
honestly man I just need a freaking
flight to Canada bro that's all I'm
trying to do you know I Rick
no not poutine poutine Oh guys we are in
Birmingham got off a two-hour train ride
got to go freshen up wash our and run a
two hour train so we just got to our
little spot we're staying at here in
Birmingham and this shit is dope it's
like this crazy little apartment right
on we get this whole little area to
ourselves the girls standing here
big-ass hallway it's an area is cool but
the more beer there's a kitchen this
food here
all there's a balcony man I wish I could
be I wish I had my chick here is like a
friggin sex her up on the balcony and
stuff all I got a stupid Joey Jen they
think they're so funny they like oh we
locked him out it's I it's not that
funny
it's not that funny girls here we are
right here and and so on check out check
out check out this gift he brought me
though check this out
he brought me to almost do the same
thing I'm wear right now is crazy like
he knows me
but it's different is same but it's
different to Amy for giving me this
little bracelet here off your own wrist
huh thank you thank you okay
why did you not wait you bought me a bag
of rice LeBron James would you me talent
worried dogs 14 that's me
let him know No so this doing this
telling me they used to watch my as a 15
year old how do you know I'm 21
Wow Wow as a 15 year old he first video
he saw me was as it was called a lap
dance
it was my homegirl shaking her ass and
give me a lap dance it was removed from
YouTube but classic video my man here
whiskey with a freaking og love piece
cream cheese hoodie man not not too many
those were made so thank you for picking
that up dog yeah being grease overwrite
we're reading over the flat for
tomorrow's Halloween club performance
check it out okay cream and ill works
presents Birmingham's biggest oriental
but what what wait a thing I know they
say we do a lot of Asian events like why
all you know and I always say anybody
can go so what what is that about Rick
what did that about ill works you guys a
white house that Oh Andy pies not even
oh wow
Oh
Hey
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
