we're Piccadilly Gardens walk into a
Nandos to get some chicken and you don't
want to this water for real oh do it not
in it oh yeah seriously do it and do it
like a man by like a man by like a man
go go go back back so we finally here at
nandos my ship I like ever since i had
in australia i was like he always ship
got our food chickens and cones and
chips she's not fries and check this out
chips that we're used to our called
crisps so we are in route to London good
morning
I said having adjusted to the time
neither man cuz I think it's because
that last few nights we must live
actually like 7am to like 7am so sleepy
so so great at talking to a cute little
girl on this
my mommy
guys look what I did too little greatest
computer can't wait this city this video
of you now lady no so we in London right
now we bout to get on this underground
to get to where we need to be we have no
more cute little English babies with us
but I'm gonna make sure to buy some kids
shows on DVD out here so i can raise my
kids on them so they can go out with
english accents cuz that shit cute Joey
here is the Joey Thunder as you call it
is afraid of pigeons and they're all
over here we're gonna toss it over there
right now and now we're waiting but
we're trying to find a cat big enough to
take all of us in our bags to it
why then so I'm in London it is a
Vietnamese restaurant and this chick was
like are you not talking like well shit
it's a day out today you were nice good
night so I just rubbings up down there
ye
fuck my name is restaurant Vietnam you
know the nam yo really good food up here
to hook this up phenom mean where is it
at fifty central they got giant alcohol
oh ok so little crazy has to pee really
bad and call and so and and so we're
gonna he's like talk to me talk to me
John Doe not appease mood so I was like
Rose like whoa freestyle right now go I
got a urinate oh so bad my boss might
terminate uh-uh warren g g i gotta
regulate and use the toilet and
penetrate to the big bowl huh but they
call it a totally toilet and then Tim
yeah I got an egghead you should boil it
I'm to wrong am i spoiling huh I'm in
the car we on the left side I'm not
trippin i'm from the west side killa
cali la every day i´m so crazy i´m so
little crazy oh that shit cray yo fish
fillet but it don't matter I'm about to
get my pockets fool like little crazed
bladder ah don't say that so little cave
we're trying to convince him to pee over
the bridge right now look at this
fucking loser beautiful okay go keep in
mind cutting my hair stuff
will you keep your period man does that
work I know it's not healing in the
fucking tent yeah where is it that's
what she said yes yeah this has to be
the best right background yeah it's
terrible I wish I could pee right now I
think I'm gonna force it so we're here
at the London Eye giant Ferris wheel
that we're gonna get on tomorrow look
okay that should huge that's crazy q
magic like em sex at the top of their I
heard it's all glass yeah I would love
to friggin just friggin get my penis
with in that thing so we're here at Big
Bend guys there he is check them out
crazy right now at that time right that
would suck if it wasn't whoa did I
didn't change the battery on that thing
so I'm not gonna say anything right now
this just looks cool look how I put that
frame together looks dope right skills
photography skills mm-hmm big looks like
a big Oreo
well this guy right here so I'm not
going to say anything right now look up
right now yes dad you good bro it's my
first time blogging shall we dance go
huh yeah yeah bet your dance so I just
found out that out here broadly is short
is short for umbrella hey do we have any
nicknames for umbrellas back home um-hum
be open browski you know the no the no
home we'll see ya not just crazy
brollies right now yeah we sure do yeah
like a stick shoutout to wax and herbal
tea enosis head it will fit to that rap
Piccadilly Circus wherever I now take a
daily Piccadilly
okay okay so I'm about to take a shower
but you know had to take my laptop in
the shower because you know me and Rick
are in the same room and i'm about to
masturbate in the shower cuz I'm being a
good boy out here because I have a
girlfriend now no groupie no UK groupies
for me just me and my laptop me and
Marilyn here the royal penis is clean
your highness Thank You King shit
