three okay so we trying to make her say
dirty things with her accent right now
because it's hot okay say is a pussy oh
okay okay say say say say fuck me daddy
okay okay okay say um say it's a dick
okay get on to it I like that shit this
is a case a bit of math I'm sorry do you
want me to touch myself okay hey I
wonder ham sandwich I'm saying I wanna
okay you say fucking hard boss a fucking
hard hell yeah
um yeah it's not this time all right
what's up I'm about to go pee and I'm in
I'm in I'm in England right now I'm in
Manchester yeah but we've got to go pee
in the street because I got a pee like a
motherfucker man we're on the street on
the corner that by the tree doesn't
matter I'm just like I might I might
even be I'm chilling I'm gonna do it
with no hands so you can't tell that I'm
paying I'm just like chilling it's okay
you can look at me Mondays run out I'm
actually I'm peeing right now
take a big job dude take bling take a
big job yeah I know you know it feels
really good I feel like I feel like such
a rebel I can't go to another country
and just be seen in public like this
okay I'm done now you got a you got a
shake my hand down I'm all done
no you gonna say my hand are you really
I just touched my penis with his hands
so after after a night of clubbing got
some fried chicken grub in like a family
y'all wait okay cover yourself up
Dixie chicken yo Dixie chicken I stuff
churches KFC y'all better watch how it
takes you chicken oh my god shake Dixie
chicken is the motherfucking shit so
listen it was another day in Manchester
look at neato architecture though I
didn't show you the old-ass architecture
outside it's kind of nice right we down
here about the dude isn't meet-and-greet
in our first performance tonight
what are they did they hang themselves
we're having this conversation with
Jennifer here about how in the in the
States
you know the term freak refers to just a
girl not necessarily a person who not
necessarily sleeps around but likes to
have sex and likes to do it in all types
of different experiment all that stuff
now she's saying there's not necessarily
a term out here that means that because
like it's either there's just not a term
for someone and she's like and the thing
is it doesn't necessarily mean sweat cuz
it doesn't mean you have sex with a
bunch of evil you could you could be a
freak with one person to all my other
people in the in Europe this is a word
that means someone who just enjoys sex
likes to experiment what what us
Americans would call a freak okay so
while we are here what little friggin
Joe Joey Thunder Kapow the little asian
chick she is she showed us this shit
okay what someone's about to count you
cabbage double kick here's what we just
a minute
Oh Rick invaded Cabbage Patch we were
myspace music arriving alright that's
how we link together any real friends
would know that I was always checking to
see who was the top unsigned artist war
on myspace and like me and him were like
we're always just kind of on the list
you know saying and then one day I was
like this is ancient doing it I check to
see if he was my friend on MySpace
and he was already my friend I don't
even know how left him a comment like
y'all just worked together and then we
did a song called from the ghetto look
that up I actually like that song good
song we did
five years or five years ago but people
look people always talk about how we
don't talk about our roots and things
like that
oh yeah Cambodia be talking about
Thailand yeah yeah no dude don't say
what something yeah yeah
friggin deep-fried me it's different now
okay so he's all weird now doesn't want
to say yeah he's from is mainstream now
gone mainstream grease daddy what's that
you got the same user Eileen down at the
who Jack Cox Zack Cox you sir okay you
sir oh you said yeah okay for sure ally
Cuba Jack Cox the mean greet is over you
got a cozy little cute little sexy women
greets everyone say hi
BAM yeah for me I work with chilling in
the room after the meet and greet he's
got some time to kill before we get
ready for this show so we just we were
like what if how'd it feel to be like I
really to hear like a really calm chick
talking dirty to you with the exit but
you think you think that maybe would you
like me to maybe you know suck your
penis for a bit
you know I'll play with your balls lick
on the balls a bit maybe or if it's not
too much trouble maybe you and Rick
could just both have a go at me at once
you know one in my mouth one in my when
they mice one in my eyes
so true
doing this mean greet at 2:00 a.m. at
the club in this little area hey guys
hey get that get that
yeah signing shirts yeah pretty dude
thanks man this guy's thing he watches
the box glad to put a minute over
so it's like four o'clock in the
afternoon I just woke up and showered
and stuff had a crazy it was fun fun
night good show he's got lovely ladies
brought us some food
thank you much um food on deck
oh and fucking little crazy as a genius
got our bbm is working
I'm gonna get him out the shower have
him explain to my people how he did that
it's amazing it's amazing I'm so
impressed I'm so excited to be beginning
everybody we all have blackberries this
dude right here is the genius that
figured out how we could use our DBMS
thank you so much yes working out
perfectly mint bindi diem and all night
sending big pictures to Benjy here you
could walk over a little bit up little
crazy penis as a mohawk on it and so
we're having a laptop party you can't
tell it's actually a bottomless laptop
party no one's wearing pants right now
sip of this lame a yeah Benji's and he's
also not wearing pants now I'm just
playing Wii and pride no just kidding
we're all wearing pants we're just
chilling last day in Manchester had a
good time Thank You Manchester so mad
love Thank You London for coming the
Royal penis is clean your highness Thank
You King shit
