good morning it is 11:18 a.m. and first
thing of the day is we're gonna go wake
up PD flow and then we're gonna go shoot
some performance shots for Schilling
here when the atmosphere cuz that's
where I love takes me music video oh and
I know I've been wearing this shirt for
like a week straight I haven't done
laundry and I just really like this
shirt shoutouts to arisu and wildly for
hooking me up one so we're on our way to
Signal Hill
just shoot a music video for this song
me pity Flo Martin yeah
I've known this guy since high school
guys long time
come on fucking old kung fools all day
you're wack you should practice on your
ride I get that shit wrong I do them on
the spot essentially a default is my
name chillin in the car with the whole
main theme we keep it my name flash buck
the rain and I spoke to break yeah
didn't hit initiative Timothy is my name
tool in the car with PD flow
Timothy is my name what do you stroke
the Greg yeah guys really don't smoke
agree that's a joke that's a joke guys a
Signal Hill in Long Beach this is like
the hole with a little Park on the top
of this hill in Long Beach and there's a
huge view of the city like you know goes
all the way around there's some Asians
having a little photo shoot over there
and uh yeah okay so we finished we
finished shooting the pot we had to
shoot now we're going to an airsoft
place ebike evike because uh what's
going on we're gonna be shooting sort of
number twelve
um we're gonna be having a tournament
it's gonna be me and Tim versus DeStorm
Boo Boo's is corridor boo I mean boo cos
we're gonna beat him days doing me like
more like gay store corridor more like
more like a core horse who else is it
bro quarter digital Jimmy Wong
Jimmy Wong more like Jimmy wrong the
cardboard warfare guy cardboard wife and
we're like cardboard horror fan rated R
Z to be their radar more like rated lame
I'll butcher you to people and we're
gonna all be against each other so bow
them you - more like gay - man you look
fat
hey tip tip what you know I know you're
gay cuz you like penis in your mouth
hey Peter what you know how you know how
I know you're gay
how cuz
you like your penis in my mouth a tip
you'd alright all your gay cuz he
already asked me to put my penis in your
mouth
hey Peter you know how why you're gay oh
because when we met you're like hey okay
hey tip you know out of your gay you
don't close your eyes we love you you
keep a monkey mafia so um where we do
ride a bike and uh what do they do it's
so good it's so good dude
and what whoa why are we here to buy a
gun for tip to get a gun for Tim okay
okay I'm thinking this one Tim that's
what I was looking at bro no blasts on
fools with the pepto-bismol gun Beach
pepto capital hello
you're lost in this beard so they gave
us these these are these BB gun uniforms
to wear Oh what's going on but there's
all these guys out there with mustaches
playing with these guns and it sounds
serious
I don't like explaining subjective I
just bring him to play though by a dude
you're gonna be in this thing anything
okay here's how here's what all you need
to know right here we're addressing them
together and I'm not your problem
got it babies are you gonna do it bro
are you gonna take care of business I
geared up are you gonna take care of his
day you're gonna see that coming dude
you look pretty badass bro thanks man
now you're going laughs thanks man you
look a pretty badass yourself
keep your cookie in a mug Terramax
you'll feel do I hold on let me man up
Joe go man up bra so uh a drop PD flow
off and now I'm driving over to a studio
to shoot a skit that I wrote uh today
you know it's long day miss it's not
going exactly how I planned it but it's
gone in the stone we getting shit done
tired man I feel like I'm tired and I'm
stressed and it's showing on my face you
know like my eyes are like super puffy
made me look extra Asian I'm breaking
out more than usual okay so behind the
scenes up shooting escape I wrote uh-huh
i co-wrote and produced in tracted is
open hi Mia I'm delivering your baby
sweet little girl bitch answer that one
a time or two I'll tell you what no
girls try to chappie man be careful kids
that's why I tell you to a condom oh I
don't know what's going on um I just I
left the studio right now finally done
after a long day of shooting say shit
little fireworks going on um he's going
on though is there a game
it's it it looks like the parking lot of
shaky hungry
oh I'm driving mine it's my old alma
mater paramount hi must be the
homecoming game parents are gone so you
know came to get some grub at the
restaurant and of course gotta take out
the trash you know I'm saying helped out
a little bit you know cuz I'm the best
son in the whole world
so I'm chillin home alone enjoying my a
long time and someone sent me this
picture I mean this video it's called
Timothy DeLaGhetto okay and the account
is f loc why old or something like that
so first I'm watching I'm like okay I
got area looks familiar
you know I'm saying I've been there
before and it's the craziest shit he's
fast for a little bit yeah and I can't
even maybe see but that's me getting out
of my car and then just and then walking
to where I was walking to like and this
person is just spying on me kind of
creepy and I'm home alone oh yeah
guess what guys my girl is here from
Canada and I'm going to the airport to
pick her up she's gonna be here for a
few days so mad excited you might not
see me for a few days
tweeting and facebooking and all that
cuz I'm gonna be occupied and I'm saying
but and I might just shorty so I'm
closing up the restaurant again and had
some people that stopped by the
restaurant I couldn't say hi to uh
this is Erica and Robert from Germany he
came from Jeremy to say hi I wasn't here
I apologize but thank you so much danke
Schoen
as German I hope and then Evelyn Evelyn
Johnson from Winnipeg and she her mom
wants me to Facebook her not her mom but
Evelyn and I will Evelyn thanks for
stopping by from Winnipeg on this guy
right here
dun dun dun so this guy's so weird and
um and then his their debut your blog
debuts my girlfriend she hey baby
hey you did you did you did you what man
Damian boom okay what's up okay your
blog Dave you Hey okay guys you this is
my girlfriend - yeah yeah hey baby
hey okay I thought you guys are you
fuckers what about like little burger
okay there she is guys I'm gonna kick it
this year ya know they only know this
part of me yeah all right
I'll get you and then they know this -
okay she will say hi hey
the Royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
