so I came to pick up some medication and
tissue and chips because I'm feeling
kind of sick right now but I gotta go
film with the shell rock that great eats
rainbow sherbert what a gay engine
choice where my glasses posing this is
for the librarian Soriano so one time we
were Vegas right and I was talking to
choice we had a little soiree chillin
and I had those glasses on and I really
really liked those glasses and so for no
reason she just snatches them off my
face and then throws them yeah reenact
before and I was like um and then I went
to go grab them and some old ass and
they're like a hugger but old man like
over minded bar which is where they
landed and I was pretty pissed
even though there are $10 glasses it's
the principle of the things Levon huh
Brittany's choice trying to help
Sean help Angela's face decide what's a
better haircut or hairdo it should be
down like this or back okay do it back
like that you like it yeah and let me
just say your armpits are on point stiff
one get on my face come on do what do
what yeah again I'm avi gear I'm avi get
on my face I don't count when the so
much money I got paper cuts look I'm
trying to I am trying to use my computer
so much much so we just wrapped a little
funny little C
I wrote for myself and uh exactly get it
girl get excited just and what it's not
exist it was super funny to say no one
ever asked me to be aggressive or me
super aggressive and crazy with you
right now
I don't know and she's sort of the music
just for eleven and a quarter can't get
so so as you can see my room's kind of
messy right now you know I've been busy
I have really had time to clean
everything up you know got stuff all
over the place so my dad says wait what
did you just say that yeah I just I
wanna show you how do you watch stuff
that lay on the floor for so I'm here
with my good friend Tina blow he's
actually uh what kind of camera then
this is a Canon 60d can see Phoebe and
I'm he's shooting a music video for my
song chillin here in the atmosphere
we're actually actually a I'm actually I
wanted to get shots like on a plane and
in the airport so we're gonna like
guerilla style this shit and try and get
some like shots of me going through
security and such don't show don't tell
Jenna shutouts to a JD with a spoon
but Peter hurt his back that's why I
thought I'd ask girl all that I'm so
we're supposed to be on the get on a
flight right now to shoot but friggin
Peter forgot his wallet in my dad's car
with my dad dropped us off so we missed
the flight so we're chilly by ten
minutes so we're gonna get on another
flight later tonight
but mm-hmm so I think we got all the
shots we needed for this video for
today's shoot Peters back is hurting so
I got him over here this little luggage
thing here in the flowers form in
wheelchair yeah so uh now we're in Vegas
man for no good reason really we got our
shots we're gonna party Matt Tim's back
there Asian so Tim's I go cheering me
around right up didn't didn't get it you
do
dar√≠o myself girl hey girl hey what's
up hey hey hey when you back that up
there's a beep beep hey hey hey what hey
what hey let me let me live in that ass
dog let me let me move into that ass hey
hey a pretty sure there's room for two
in there and let me move in that ass and
Rick and Rick hey Rick
so this is our night in Vegas guys you
just took a back gate night I'm chillin
um on tumblr let's order some room
service he helicopter diktat me earlier
I thought I would surprise them I was
naked on the bed like with my ass out
like being like oh it's gonna be so
funny it came out and helicopter dick
you're your fucking story amazing no
it's true it's all true good we're good
f drugs F prostitutes got Peter here
I've got some macaroni and cheese I got
my steak we got some champagne nice and
romantic we're gonna give each other
yeah guess who I ran into the Vegas guys
the UK angel oh and ring join too
hey what's up okay bye how much did you
win last night a couple hundred bucks
shit I lost like three or four whatever
you lost like three bucks I was up I was
up and down I was up like 250 man and
this is all gone
but anyway so we're sitting at this
blackjack table right and we had a nice
little rhythm going night over there for
like 400 combination of people some guy
were calling the captain he was mad cool
he was from Jersey and then this old ass
drunk ass man from Ireland were calling
Ireland who kept like trying to pick up
all prostitutes did you did you notice
that yeah is that a New York he is in
Ireland potatoes and some shit so
anyways we're having a good time
gambling winning losing with these dudes
Ireland lost all his money left freaking
the captain lost all his money and left
and but we're having a good time right
so then friggin this guy named Kenneth
this age dude sits at our table and look
me and Peter we're not blackjack experts
you know a little bit we um we but we
don't know like the super stats and
deeds and that yes this guy was like
super technical player like oh man no
you're supposed to blah blah blah blah
the whole time right I wish I guess it's
understandable but still not but he was
betting like 20 bucks but we're betting
like a hundred bucks and he was
completely thrown off our groove yeah so
at one point like Peter wins right if
you have been a hundred bucks we're
betting like we're betting big Billy you
won this bet but because it wasn't that
like the type of bet where like you were
supposed to if you stayed then he would
have won too yeah so he kept complaining
he's like aw dude you did that wrong if
you would have if you would have stayed
we uh I would want to and I was like
Kenneth we don't care about shirt on you
cannot hear like everybody else like it
was cool everybody else was on the
terror lis Earl I hate you you earned
our friendship this guy just randomly
sent out it was like give it a shit I
was tough
your dick yeah fuck you can't Chinese
and he's from Texas stupid Kenneth
asshole hate you hate you Kenneth with
your stupid button up on your money yeah
me too he left the table because you
guys just cost me $180 in ten minutes
anybody shake my house on he wouldn't
shake his head I'm sorry bro and he was
just like he left me hand I was like
whatever bitch I what are you did it
bitch-ass triana Texan Kenan hater
so uh we'll leave in Vegas let's get on
this plane a fun little trip got the
sauce we needed that's the fun the Royal
penis is clean your highness Thank You
King shit
