Gessler guess we so this is guys Oh
crazy cuz I'm gonna Sodor belongs
Airport about to load on get on get on
it no but to get on the soundcheck
if everybody you subscribe to right here
check it out it's crazy it's crazy it's
your whole subscription box my eyes
closed fucking low lexan hydro dam yeah
flow I'm like dress code West Coast
I do wanna fucking a me right here
lightyears ahead of you smokin them see
and smoke out the residue a row with a
better fuck damn red and blue
okay Akeno come on that's a it's adhere
to the venue for his mean green chilly
air Paulo Hey
underage girls tell me driver are we
there yet van taking a long time
Thank You Man for this I'm like this a
lot actually thank you guys hi are you
injured in the video yeah
everybody make the noise
okay they love me they love me
I say making a sandwich you say right
now Beach maybe a sandwich to put it on
your digital camera go on to this one
screamin open our with microphones our
stamina and go back to California show's
over
show's over
Buddhists do deep-fried right I pull up
this girl say hmm
show's over and I'm here with some
people dude was like hey Tim you should
cooked on the all creepy-like
after the after party last night I got
on I got on a plane and flew to Canada
to visit my girlfriends who is living in
Canada and I am gonna be meeting her
parents for the first time tonight and
yes I'm wearing the exact same thing I
performed on Shh she doesn't know that
her parents don't know that so and the
ED gunship I'll show you soon I kinda
have if you've been paying attention but
sweet baby Jesus so I met the parents
everything was dope I pulled my pants up
give him a good firm handshake in the
eye contact it's like hello sir nice to
meet you well my name is tim
chantarangsu I am a online entertainer
that's my interview voice so interview
meet the parents voice like well sir
actually I I care very much for your
daughter and so so now we just chilling
in a little hotel room so we can get
busy okay what's up guys I'm giving you
the myspace angle right now just because
you know I can and home finally back
home from Canada and you know I just
wanted to say thank you to Seattle for
showing me a good time I love performing
out there and except for the dumb ass
person that took my phone chargers from
the greenroom that's like the stupidest
shit ever I had to my phone died by the
time I finally got to LA I had to call
my dad on a payphone so stupid who just
takes a charger
like it's so dumb apparently the
promoters have it but like who just
takes a charge is stupid anyways you
know Thank You Seattle and I also want
to talk about like the I put up a video
of us freestyling and you know we're
just gonna mess around having a good
time
I get really irritated by people who put
comments like you know um you know wow
he really needs to work on his freestyle
or whatever like it's kind of annoying
to me because like no one really I don't
know I don't I don't really care about
how good my freestyle is you know I'm
saying dumb dumb is amazing with that
shit like that's like a god-given talent
he has you know I'm saying but like no
one sits and practices their freestyle
it's like what up freestyling is is you
know it's fun do at parties you know I'm
saying but I'd rather work on my
songwriting skills and my lyrical
ability and really work on writing a
good song you know I'm saying like like
I say all the time telling some telling
a rapper to work on his freestyle and
it's like telling the artist to work on
his doodle skills you know I'm saying
like if you happen to be a good doodler
that's dope but I would much rather
concentrate on my my innovative artistic
masterpieces and shit you know but yeah
that's all I got to say man you know
people just having fun when they're
freestyling not really need to relax
with being so critical of a freestyle
you know other than that you know hey I
love you Seattle I love you and Canada
you know I love you and all right y'all
have a good night one the Royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
