you know when you wake up in the morning
guys and you got that direction and it's
hard to poo cuz like either you lay your
erection on top of the toilet seat but
then you pull a little bit and you pee
and the P gets on the floor or you push
your erection down under the toilet seat
so it doesn't like hit the top of the
toilet seat because that's gross he's
gonna flip off
just died you shouldn't die if I can get
some good luck buddy
- miss really messed up the joka
building oh my god company could say
that Tim I'm unsubscribing right now
Rick's burly new bricks way better and
fucking and better rapper scheming and
skinnier and more Asian anyways can we
said that Rick would never say that
here we go here we go
action baby
yeah I'm at Bubblegum's in Long Beach
catching up with a longtime friend of
mine William ask you with something as
though this is in third grade or third
grade we're talking about back in the
day we suppose a club called Fergie as
soon as we turn 18 as an Anaheim and
there was a problem and it's Tupac
there's a black people room yeah but
around 11 o'clock it was smelling like
weed and then someone would always get
like stabs and have to shut it down
early I'm chillin
listening to this Lauryn Hill
Miseducation of Lauryn Hill a classic
album if you kids haven't heard it that
you should download it and I just
realized you know you know you get no
not that I'm old but you know you
getting old when you haven't seen the
homie in a long time and instead of
being like yo so I was back in the night
just hit the club if the bar was
cracking it's like yo let's grab some
nice conversation over dinner man when
that's the agenda you know when all you
really want to do is catch up with
somebody
okay so I'm about to grab some dinner
with my beautiful homegirl Angie's
choice or I get some sushi I haven't
seen her in a long time
she's a dear dear friend of mine and it
can yeah because it sure is this sure
gay like I bought it a long time ago and
I found it in my closet and then I never
wore it and I was like hmm
now is this swag is this stylish or is
this gay I'm wearing it either way
honestly I don't really care what you
say cuz I like the way it looks and it's
comfy so yeah I probably change my
beanie tho beanies a little too urban
for this type of shirt you feel me ha
know if you feel me but I don't even
care
yeah I don't care all right let's say
that four teams of bakery bobbing
waiting down here for choice for like 15
minutes shake my head I mean what do you
expect when you're kickin it with a
makeup guru
finally she finally came downstairs
worth the wait though looking bad as
usual that not bad meeting bad bad many
good Angie's choice as always let me get
the fit just you know for all my male
viewers huh just for the fall yeah yeah
and let me see the nails for the female
viewers let's show them what took me so
long
I did a whore nail horror and nails
don't lie you just you put too much
black stuff on there you can get off on
time so it started dripping so I ordered
some edamame for me and choice to eat
some empty cells empty like back in the
friggin one that had the food in it
something you know what fuck that shit
do all the all empty ones in the full
one what now enjoy okay you're good
the choices that showing me her her
snake right now maybe I should maybe we
should snakes named reptile of the name
yeah and I'm not sure her my snake show
me your spear crazy
here's the you to hardcore I love you I
love you to someone we got a California
Pizza Kitchen even some lettuce wraps
cuz you know I'm trying to get sexy shit
with Anthony of mixed TV how many TVs is
how many how many home has Nixon in
we're five million right now call their
local cable provider and ask from their
capital in a carry mix makes my ex CB
and you gonna want to carry mix because
I'm gonna start a TV show
little skits comedy slash Hollywood
right now drive into the recorder dump
found his rehearsals for a show yes
tonight I know I'm good bro
so we're in LA you know I'm saying
Westside Westside Connection like some
real fun so I'm swerving a little bit
cuz I'm vlogging yeah and we gotta track
together nice it's going on wagon rolls
what you doing Thursday morning next
week
with the lovely Alex really I remember
her from a past vlogs hold on get the
good lighting
oh my god you know you know how the
straight down writing is doing okay it's
like scary anyway thought you look love
you don't even show Alex and Rick of
course how's that gum
how's that gumbo gumbo dad check out
guys this is the issue of entertainment
weekly I was in isn't that cool
it's not cool they like him to meet it's
a Tribe Called Quest
huh pretty friggin cool yeah I was on
the episode of 20/20 tonight I didn't
see it though about YouTube stars I was
like a tiny they showed like a clip like
a quick little thing I'm one of my
videos in the think so might they showed
my little thing my little thing on the
thing yeah now I'm gonna be in so now
I'm gonna pack for Seattle cuz I leave
at 7 o'clock in the morning everyone's
gonna be out there you know dumbfounded
J Rhys little Christ and you guys see it
Aaron Paula show Martinez just kidding
films drinking everybody's gonna be out
there man it's gonna be a good time
Seattle's dope I love perform in Seattle
and uh so yeah I'm gonna pack and as you
can see my room is a mess
Oh Shia freedom's calm for sending me
more snap backs and goodnight
the royal pain is this clean your
highness Thank You King shit
