good morning I'm Sonic sweep right eight
o'clock in the morning I had a late
night uploading the vlog and all that to
a bunch of business so we're at this
meeting for the cartoon and then it
turns to a huge debate when it's the
girls one cup is real or not I know this
girls girls don't poop you've never gone
to rape my log rape my Lord rest and
this is I do
look at there's nobody passing by it if
you're watching but you're so check this
out guys anybody who's been following me
for a long time you know that the first
video we ever did to get featured was
the kings of myspace a super you go
right there
PD flow myself here's a logo I drew on a
Microsoft Paint a long time ago PD flow
myself super-ego Thai smile which we did
which is also on YouTube you can watch
that that's at almost a million views
now which is crazy for a 40 minute long
movie even though this is from the kings
of YouTube of course yeah man before
before all this YouTube shit man it was
me Peter and Eric and then Rick
eventually yeah it still is we still do
stuff too we said we're also bill you
yeah once that money's coming in you
don't have time for real friends you
know it's like friendship can wait we're
making paper
speaking of licking licking hands you
see this hair I'm going on guys last
night I put a beanie on and then like
but I twisted it to the side when I was
wearing it and now I look like I got
like oh no like way like I got Asian
waves that's got an interesting right I
don't know man we're gonna see what
we're gonna do with this here good
morning it's an early day and I was just
telling Twitter I slept through my alarm
clock which was after 7:30 and then like
15 minutes later there was like mad
construction outside again but you know
can you hear that
profess but it's kind of like you know
God woke me up with with okay okay so
we're about to shoot this video that I
wrote it's called dig Zima okay okay
produce my Sammy I do not see that
library yes your life she cracks me up
man you know what else guys yep
okay okay
maybe like get one from right here to
like pose
Oh check out this Rastafarian dog one
blood clots yeah shooting this
epicMealTime parody as you can see but
it's not Happy Meal Time a little spin
on there and I put on there should be
interesting you guys check that up
both sell bro yeah yeah we go here hold
on back up so I can get a thumbnail
don't and don't cover that ok thumbnail
achieved hey why are your other blogs my
and let me get to holding a camera in a
bikini right this is total themed okay
about to go shoot this music video
versatile hi dad bye dad when you're
coming home
I don't know when there's this song by
in the cradle yes I'll catch the cradle
by our youngster fine now listen to it
okay goodbye y'all better bless me but
yeah he always think he always brings
that song up whenever I leave okay look
it up like supposed to be doing like a
pool party scene today but as you can
see when it's super glooms glooms
today in LA so I don't know what we're
gonna do we go we don't have ladies in
bikinis and
Poole oh no matter where we go so we're
here at the locations for the music
video shoot it's crazy
it's Poole top on top of this I pull
pull pull pull side on top of yeah what
they said so we're about to start
shooting right now
Irie goes about to take her this off do
it do it thumbnail I'm gonna slo-mo this
not meaning I'm just kidding
very sexy
hot you like my thumbnail machine are we
good
how you feeling man it's your music
video shoot yeah so the music video
today was a bust because we're kind of
shooting guerilla style and security
came shut us down so we're probably
gonna have to reshoot like most of it
which is kind of lame now we're just
kind of driving around Hollywood the
past time before you know because it's
traffic is crazy right now so here's a
funny story guys me everybody having a
conversation right and I was like and I
was all and he was like we're talking
about a girl from prior experiences and
we're just like didn't you smash then I
was like I mean I'll really count that
one cuz you know it wasn't in long
enough and Rick was like then you should
Rick was like didn't you smash that and
I was
it's American fuck y'all here if I start
Sameera conversation we're discussing a
girl from past experiences and he was
like didn't you smash and I was like now
I don't count that one it wasn't in long
enough
and Rick was like oh you shouldn't count
any of them
the Royal penis is clean your highness
Fedya King shit
