by the way this idiom I'm didn't welcome
i love this spot man will you be in a
fried chicken plus Chinese food is like
Mia Rick came together and we got
represented in a restaurant and then so
Rick is drawn a tattoo on me right now
for this video that I'm about to shoot
told me to bend over so I'm bending over
all homos that hey guys who sings that
song I'm trying to figure out for the
long as I just heard it outside the mall
is like Putin whatever right back where
you started from and have a little kings
in it it's it's like um but you're gonna
do and it stops the dudes attitude but
attention dad they're gonna someone's
gonna know something's gonna know right
back where you started from so I'm
driving to the Pomona area to interview
revelations it was a big shoe head for
kicking in the show i do on Tim's bakery
everybody wants me to interview this kid
has a crazy shoot collection traffic is
crazy it's making traffic crazy but as
you can see I got no gas no gas so we'll
see how this goes um that you said get
your humor like I do y'all some out here
in the boonies right now fucking diamond
bar and shit I'm to film another
interview for kicking it um but this
dude sneaker collection right here is
crazy it's crazy orders go ahead
franalations looks good man yeah man
this is nuts nuts with the kicks it's
crazy it's crazy all right save the rest
of the interview for the camera so we
finished the interview I'm chilling out
here still I didn't want to go through
traffic again it's like five six o'clock
rush hour time
so i'm chillin here on my laptop using
that starbucks across the street
internet about a little spam musubi you
know I'm saying grubbing in my car I was
sitting here like damn this is kind of
embarrassing to just be sitting in my
car eating by myself I was like I hope
no one sees me and then some guy goes
for Tim friggin fan in the car next to
me works at chick-fil-a DJ snake it to
dance we begin advanced look at kind of
hurry God have mercy you guys want to
see something interesting Ludacris word
of mouth I just drawn in there cuz I
used to burn cds in high school I sell
CDs on CD man we're gonna load this city
in here check this out it's gonna blow
your mind the royal penis is clean your
highness thank you kid cheat so for
everybody who's on asking over the years
what CD that's from there you go and
guru Chris got it from coming to America
starring eddie murphy it is prelates
around 3am right now and I know that
this vlog I decided you know I'm writing
I've been writing to this beat that my
Colombo sent me if you don't want to
hear what I'm about to do and you just
click off this is a new song that I just
finished so I figured I'd share with you
guys before I get in the studio and
record it I also got a new watch g-shock
I hate to hop on the g-shock train but
this one's cool so I have a new song
that I wrote it's to a beat that my
Colombo sent me called silly me you
might have heard it if you follow him
and I wanted to give you guys a preview
what I wrote because I like it
that late yeah Mike Colombo i'm tryna
i'm drawing my hair a little bit too
i'll show i'm gonna do it ready yo ice
if Amina made on my flight to Vancouver
Tory and my tummy that chick it with
damn boo not steady be nice and burgundy
van she was kicked my feet up on my feet
cuz I know that I can't woo oh and y'all
know what the name is now what they call
quote internet famous royal penis clean
i keep my steel stainless advice for the
young into some of them so brainless huh
and i'm just trying to stay focused
trying to keep my head up in a room full
of locusts trying to take a second to
stop and smell roses but that behavior
here wanna scream halitosis in my face
so i turn my nose up we're in my place
for my turn to blow up top fucking cloud
like damn my son growing up grab the
cologne at this time that we
and I'm laughing like and I'm laughing
like and I'm laughter like huh feels
good right and I'm laughing like and I
laughter like uh yeah check waking up to
a forehead kiss from the cali sun big
booty in my bed we'd like a got the Sun
they told me I wouldn't make it it can't
be done neither y'all wanna piece like a
pack of gum I'm making history Tolliver
historian what am I vinegary dr.
Kevorkian my chick bad she black and
salvadorian soul mix Robbie ride in a
DeLorean yeah then refashion came to cut
along the beach while we global some
rain jewels she always smelling good
like the doubts that soon heels with the
red bottoms i call him the baboon oh and
what I'm saying is done but I'm really
just trying to find my place in the Sun
trying to find a certain purpose for the
day I begun so I could look back on my
life and be like man I was fun like
yeah and I'm laughing like oh and I'm
wearing your life yeah and I'm laughter
like it feels good right and I'm
laughing like ha ha ha yeah check so I
fit a little something me to rescue
spill me and Ricky at the bar running up
a high bill hader sleeping no meat
except in at night grill but I keep them
on your collection bitches are high
heels yes and on my arm is the best
chick online the big screen yes I'm so
netflix everybody around me at the party
chex mix I'll make my dough when i dip
bread stick I'm throw up just with the
fame and the fortune wanna make it rain
hoping it'll pour sauce from when he's
evil little only to your zoom but then I
see you looking kind of nice and your
own our lord help me find a balance
probably find a way that i can use all
of my talents help me find a way that i
can rise up to the challenge so i can
have my own show call me Jimmy Fallon
yeah and home texting like that's
basically it I'm gonna try and before
boom and then um you know once that's
imported would be like a whole music
video for it and it's gonna be dope cuz
um not really I like that so um good
night the royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
