good morning y'all this is a kickback
day running errands I'm at the Lakewood
car wash the car wash in Lakewood get in
my little car wash yeah you know chillin
it's a hot day I'm finally wearing these
13s that I bought a long-ass time ago I
never even wore it so right now see my
gangster ass wallet though I need a new
one it's kind of falling apart oh yeah
for everyone who's asking I Drive a 2010
Ford Fusion you would know that if you
subscribe to the vlogs meaning because I
have one where I body hey my first new
car
okay so I'm with my good friend so where
you go as you all know by now and who's
been doing big things lately mundos
movies and shit we're going to get lunch
at the California Pizza Kitchen we both
used to be waiters at and he was a
bartender later on on board where men
start a YouTube channel I don't know
what the channel is here but she's a
putting up a video on Friday if you guys
want to check her out anyways
tip is hurting must be hurting don't if
I'm gonna start YouTube shit guys please
don't come at her on some hey why don't
you and Tim gonna get back together how
Tim that shit it's really annoying it's
going for me I'm sure it will be
annoying for her and yeah we were
talking about how whenever I'm out and I
get recognized by a bunch of like like
Hispanic friends max panic fans like
there will be one kid that watches my
videos and then the other friends will
be like who say hey he comes out in
total adventures and they'll go as an
Erica thing that whenever he gets
recognized by an Asian man I'm
automatically waiting for them to say
you know something about tan super-ego
where's Tim I don't carry it with me
oh my God look who's back in my room
guys Arika satto hi what are you doing
here in my room
oh I'm recording him why why you
recording me every Kasasa because I'm
making a secret video of you it's gonna
be released soon it's not a porno guys
she wishes she wishes but not
appointment we're about to do a sniff
test on every girl no we're not because
last time she said her but didn't stay
it does it so we're gonna do a sniff
test 10 - tink my but never stinks
alright ready
I'm very anal about my aim but yeah
what's wrong with the mic huh hmm so I'm
professional oh my gosh you swear so
it's 5:30 in the morning back at the
airport again but to hop on this plane
go to Marilyn for free Fest this weekend
brought to you by Virgin Mobile live lax
got some kryptonite over here
my dad over here must be up at 5:00 in
the morning last night he was saying
five o'clock you know what I get done
before five o'clock I'm over Lana
yeah more than marine so I'm here going
from DC to Maryland's crazy traffic
right now he would take a Patterson
what's up bro you wanna plug your weapon
Mike blah blah blah science blah blah
blah science of FBLA HIV la lah blah
blah blahs
once--once blah blah blah science it's a
music blog vlog check that out in love
hi I'm Marc at what and now we're on our
way to the hotel
everyone has to pool and shower oh I
just have to poop everyone we have our
driver here hey what's up man what's up
what's up when the DMV hmm okay wait
introduce yourself to my Monica hi there
mechanism mechanism and where are we
going right now the 9:30 club why Cindy
and who are you black coats or as you so
we're getting on this Magic School Bus
right here the end of the night we're on
so much weight I'm gay too
ah I come on you notice it seen a
rainbow article
so we just arrived at free fest as you
can see there's a lot of people out here
Christine Slugger yes my thumbnail and
who are you introduce I'm Windsor from
her campus.com her campus.com pretty hot
so if you have you ladies ever need your
board you need to go you know talk about
periods and boyfriends periods go to her
campus.com so I'm there every day huh oh
wow no you're on it what's up hey what's
up Weber's repent yeah yeah that's me
thank you
so there's these all over these things
and these all up in my trunk right now
I'm on a ferris wheel
bitch dawn bicycle up in a little bit
oh my god yeah
here is my blog right now fuck yeah bro
high five it is and you guys want more
than the videos
hi so what's your YouTube my YouTube is
Pat Carey is sewing CA RR IV for sure
it's so lame
it's so late word cool what's up bro
laughing yeah man oh I love you too
thank you thank you watching
Hey
yeah with the hot dogs and hotdogs on
your couch
yeah it's a video no but jerk jerk your
shit right now
oh shit BAM then super random Jenny
motherfucking suck and this guy Vince
yeah
yo finally home from street fest man
long ass hot a sticky ass today my
freakin ass is sticky my balls or musty
probably tangy right now a lot of people
over there at the after party I don't
know how they can after party after
being out all day and funky I can't
personally I can't go to a party or a
club unless my balls and but are clean
and fresh you know I'm saying I'm back
at the hotel I must hop in the shower
Thank You free festive fun thank you
very mobile thank you
Thank You Marilyn DMV area what up time
to wash these balls helicopter dick the
Royal penis is clean your highness Thank
You King shit
