we're recording for the cartoon and when
the booth and Cecily is telling us about
her struggle to to spin this nipple
tassels on her boobs because they're not
lucky enough I saw that it's like people
are doing it okay Marisa Tana she was
killed pussycat kill kill
she has like heavy low-hangers now buddy
I would think we should invent testicle
tassels oh my god BB dough so guess what
guess guess wiseguy guess what guys
guess what guys I'm about to go my first
ever drive-in movies at the drive-in and
I'm here Larry here okay I'm here at the
restaurant got visited by this guy
Patrick were you from entering San
Marino cool how's the food the parents
hi sweaty cop
oh okay couple cup thank you thank you
cool man thanks for watching over here
medieval times and point apart Rick's
never been before she about to be
cracking funds
forces
yes our night
desired beauties out here hazardous
again and her big piece of man
no Falcon way no way
come on bro
so the only killing everybody right now
that's actually preferred to pertain so
what people normally call vagina but the
Janet actually the inside bob was an
outside yo I'm at the Cerritos mall at
this little random ass spot in the food
court these wings are so good so good
hungry soldiers so good I don't even
diplomat any babies delicious garlic mob
resting for delicious this little girl
back here was secretly recording me
earlier someone see to report her so I
was really in the mood for a red velvet
cake with some ice cream I don't play
around there bomb
I'm fatten it up today I don't care
so we're leaving the club I didn't get
any footage of when that shit got crazy
I know it looked kind of dead when I
just saw but it got pretty cracking for
a Tuesday night especially what's cool
you know
you know what I come to realize that
like I don't even need to grind old
bitches at the club man as long as I got
some good black music and I know people
don't mean comments about that but you
know hip-hop music urban music good
urban black music I'm dancing with my
good friend Ricky Shooks good
necessarily grind on girls cuz like a
lot of times girls don't even wanna
dance
I'm saying well keep on a dance I just
like some music man and y'all see break
dance if Billie Jean can run in the club
Rick will hit that like you break is a
little crowd man there's still let me
stop gas rig oh fuck happy in all games
all right go back
CC / la we bout to soon another skit we
got John fucking Oh playing blitz on
Nintendo 64 he's getting it on he's
gotta get gone fuckin off getting fuckin
owns and which chillin waiting to shoot
this scene waiting for Rick to get here
cuz Briggs didn't say right now we got
you mari you Maori Safari playing my
main chick in this whiskey today you got
anything you want plug anywhere you want
people to reach you or just remember
that the bulk of Tim's YouTube videos
and skids are fiction so don't believe
the hype oh yeah okay so we just we just
clarified right now she didn't mean I
couldn't get it she was saying cuz in
the skater he's gonna say she has STDs
and she's a slut and stuff like that
she's saying she's not a slut or neat
nor does she have STDs I honestly I just
don't have a CD okay works doing
I'm standing right here you know Sam hey
hey hey my name's cruel for you Marv a
hot-ass girl oh yes let awake in there
no where can they contact you for they
want to push you for what the splitter
you Mari Safari I'm in my new drawl hmm
yeah like that it's not David SOI guys
it's not David that's my cat Detroit
it's not David soy I play the piano and
that is not mmm
I'm not Eminem captions you can't do
that try to that cabin deed diddle your
little your little boat there a little
lil G there hello Jim
inappropriate
they is their fault you guys cock-block
Rick and his freaking couch siding
you're gonna head right now
Sound speed
thanks for the Royal penises clean your
highness Thank You King shit
