so guys so I'm here at a near Monterey
Park mix TV is putting on a little
revenge and
my friend Michelle Martinez is
performing so I decided to come out show
some support
radford to uh Rick's friend to our you
know everywhere and Rick as you see the
minor
could we buy
I don't know why you're filming in
sideways like that bro it's just gonna
look all stupid and sideways when you
watch it at home with your computer and
then if you flip it around you're just
going to get black bars on both sides
like a dummy it doesn't make it look
cool just turn it around the regular way
bro I'm telling you I'm telling you me
Thanks Miche I love you too
yeah shitty shitty me how that's for us
our time at the events over this asshole
no I got approached by some fellow
supporters and viewers thank you hi say
what's up yes yes and this dude was like
hey you better vlog right now or I'm not
gonna watch you anymore Jimmy yeah Oh
Jimmy Oh what's up bro
subscribe to this chain what a new tools
let him house
youtube.com she saying
so we run away to the after-party which
is that my house the club me she's back
there doing her makeup she take it like
I did I get it
doing her naked just another day in the
life of a c-list celebrity you know I
think I'm kidding me Harry cooter
hallelujah one nation real niggas gettin
money from the fucking star Misha's was
a cookie with your new like ringer
get in the kitchen
boys chuckle black I'm falling in cycle
me there are so many Asians in this club
there
but what's annoying is the friggin toys
it's too early no sense and Rick yeah so
we just left the club to set the club
we got people throwing up girls throwing
up over this so much heinous we got
joined by Erica David Oh security versus
life
going back home a lot of Asians a lot of
house music getting too old for this
shit man
Spoken Reasons you too nemedians fucking
reason kind of way oh hey what's up bro
what up man one-off Spoken Reasons ah I
ain't shit but we in between you
somebody lives okay so so this direction
right here we got Oh Tina I remember
Tina from one of my previous videos and
we got are doing it look we're trying to
set up her leg but uh you know so we can
go all up in this right exactly No so uh
we're trying to get the legs to open up
just right just right just for the
camera just for the camera no so I don't
eat pussy
I'll let kneecaps but uh nasty hey and I
eat ass on top of it but uh no but all
that's okay kneecaps toe it
okay so Mia Rick was saying Tina you
showing you were down me sit down Mia
right we're saying okay it's the crazy
shit cuz Rick was saying she count looks
like Family Guy characters like she
could be a family got character and I'll
fly you trip it and then I was gonna
face and I was like wait a sec she did a
face I was like okay she callin like she
could be
Quagmire's daughter for some reason like
at a Rick was like exactly
I don't know man like if if you were the
baby of quagmires
love child children's of one of his
prostitutes ty prostitutes that would be
too cute oh good morning so I'm gonna
grab some Japanese buffet in Long Beach
with my family it's Michael Jackson's
birthday I got my michael shirt on guys
show support MJ for life after the first
CD I ever had my parents buy me we were
in casa
I was like eight or seven or however old
I was and I had them get me the Michael
Jackson double history album because I
was always a Michael fan growing up had
the tapes um my african-american berry
being so rude I had the tapes
Shh I used to watch thriller with my dad
in the living room chillin I used to
hide behind them all scary parts would
come on dad sure he doesn't remember mom
I'm am so driving to school to turn in
this piece of paper that says I'm gonna
take another semester off a lot of you
kids uh ask me you know hey Tim we saw
you going to school but how come we
never saw you graduate oh we never see
you go to school and what happened and
you know I basically just took some time
off to explore all the opportunities
everything that was kind of popping off
with all the YouTube stuff is going
really well you know a lot of
opportunities travel go to Australia do
all these show so I just took a couple
semesters off you know handle my
business make my money a little bit but
I am going back eventually possibly
eventually I'll go back get that piece
of paper gave it to my dad go be famous
it's always been planned so I'm at the
park um free gana
we got Bart here Gio um some random guy
with a camera hey just give you films
here they've been freaking trying to get
me to freaking shoot this part of this
dysreflexia on my face right now
shoot this part in the video for the
longest time we're here knocking it out
getting it done comedy all day so uh
it's Monday night as you know I always
get dinner with my family on Monday
night my mom uh oh wait we got this like
little hotpot out here it's boiling it's
hot water throw in the little
ingredients throwing a little fish in
the oysters and shrimp some herbs and
more league-leading scrap boiling crap
on my mom hell mom my mom daddy
okay come on stop mama come on stop
what's that my mama gonna stop hey hey
the Royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
