Solomon Boston right now landed like an
hour so ago Boston outside the window
got picked up by what's your name aj j
yeah yeah go order and his wife hi yeah
so uh you know I guess I'm going back
I'm going to hotel you're gonna get what
we can get to read full real quick okay
then go down hope I don't care about all
that time oh that's your girl you have
to rub that my man's in this office
yeah they put me in a nice little swanky
hotel I kind of like this is my view oh
you can't really see that outside but uh
yes my view was a beautiful day in
Boston check the hotel though it's nice
I'm filling this okay all kinds unlike
this room see the bathroom ooh oh yeah
i'm bout to pull on this right now oh
look at this rope okay so we're on our
way to a a wall which is where we're
doing this meeting green oh it's a
what's up sure hi man well sir i'm here
just being great what's I everybody say
what's up this dude right here zuhair
bought the shoes the cannon can I like
in those man hey great cool sweet I hate
them now swing Oh what's your youtube
account youtube counts chaosville life
11 so i'll spell that out ch AOS and 4
l.i.f.e ireland cool gotcha box got you
10,000 subscribers dog all right hey so
check this out you guys are subscribers
right and they're deaf yeah say
something in sign language
that's enough bro okay don't even fuck
again thank you hell yea though and
another dude was blind up here you left
oh is it hearing another what up yours
blurred vision yo chillin with traffic
yes youtube sensation word and it's
gonna legally blind I'm on kid yeah I
renewed the ironies guys area this
Passover oh you go to biagio say what's
up in what's up yo follow me on tumblr I
don't know why you own you're not
supposed to shout out your tumblr
brought against the rules I don't care
hi hurry hurry Raa you naaa cute tumblr
com follow me bro yes got to go so we
just left dinner thank you to the fans
that came to show support y'all won the
contest thank you thank you sup guys on
the side right here good man good you
said what gosh we'd ask Nicholas Oh
little bit that's from one of my videos
for my videos yeah yeah that's about it
check that out check that out
that's Marie hey about to do this radio
interview for what the socom gag or gag
order I knew they'd I knew that I knew
that oh yeah yeah yeah yeah so I'm at
this little spot where um some people
are gonna perform for us right I had to
prove really bad check out his dope who
said of them look here yeah I love when
I can alyssum I know this girl name
lives on the free she be ready to shit I
know this girl name of system breathe I
said she'd be finish it she got curly
hair like macaroni and cheese with extra
cheese on the side
she wear them glasses looking all smart
and shit but she got nothing a hot name
Elizabeth free she raps better than me
ilysm every guess she gave me thing
here to you
oh all this thing is Sam cooking because
they know like connection so we're
teaching with teaching j how to use a
chopstick there you go there you oh so
close it's not a racial thing you know
what are you yeah yeah yeah wait what do
you want to get what it is douche but
you have she's my fare on it dance in a
dancer oh yeah can you do some walking
around my last day in Boston and got
some time to kill before my flight
walking around the home girl hazel hi
and um yeah Boston hot hot today check
it just in case so I'm back from Boston
thank you to everybody I gag order radio
for bringing me out I show me mad love
thank you to UM a wall for holding the
meet and greet and hooking me up with
free shirts and also these free kicks
right here these gravis is that I picked
out thank you so much for the free shoes
and thank you to just everybody in
boxing for showing that love and also um
freaking them thank you to Brandon Baron
for hooking me up with some free shirts
you can use gag order or traffic for
fifteen percent off your next online
Brandon Baron purchases and other than
that what can I say to you guys but i'll
be in san francisco on august 25th
hosting a club event at horizon
nightclub tonic live com if you wanna
check that out michelle martinez Joey
diamond I know the ladies love Joey
diamond and um what else what else what
else UK in october australia in december
melbourne sydney was good i'm coming
back um what else what else you know i
just freaking love you guys man
and and I know there's more to tell you
guys uh yes I have acne scars I know
that people always tell me Tim you
should get some proactive I don't need
proactive because I don't have pimples I
just have acne scars all right kids
don't pick at your pimples when you get
them because they will leave craters in
your face you know I'm saying which is
why if you hit me at the wrong light you
know I get these like little natural
acne scars but oh my god okay so this is
a a call that i have to take but i love
you and um actually I'm trying this ring
off I'm finished talking to you and a
lot of people asking Tim when are we
gonna get to see your girl you know why
haven't you shown us your girl is she a
butterface are you ashamed is she too
young she underage I mean the thing is
um you know I mean look at all the
people on YouTube who have like no
default pictures or everybody who's like
private or you have private Facebook's
like not everybody wants to be online
you know I'm saying the chick that I'm
dating in Canada you know she doesn't
wanna have her face on YouTube she
doesn't want to be on YouTube you know
I'm saying I'll probably show her to you
eventually just fall back for a little
bit you know let me have let me have my
privacy you know my last relationship I
put everything on blast and now and you
guys were all in my shit you know this
time I kind of want to take it slow do
things a little differently and not
necessarily just have all my shit out
there you know so just bear with me uh
all right i'll show you her eventually a
promise okay she's um she's el
salvadorian and and black a rich trian
to be exact all right you guys all right
teeth love you but the royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
