so I'm at this outlet trying to find
dress shoes because I forgot to pack my
dress shoes response is helping me look
for gesture and because I don't want to
wear it's just some regular ass fans
because I'm trying to be sexy and GQ and
shit for this wedding so that's the a
small price you have to pay Rizzo
I'm just a girl you are through the lip
kiss hit too little lip too little lip
to quit get that so shit man I just left
this out last night way too much money
it's friggin wrist rolls wait what's
telling me I look good and it's really
good in this Burberry coat don't don't
tell my dad how much it costs but it's
pretty and I'm gonna ask my dad about
and it's maroon and shout out to
Michelle from the Burberry store this
cute little white girl man she was all
excited she's like are you Tim you're
Tim right I'm so addicted to your do
delageteau can I have a hug oh man hell
yeah you made my day thank you love you
okay so we're all dressed up and ready
for this wedding wrist roll is here
Julie G's coming today are you like the
look so you look lovely and and I was I
was complaining on Twitter that these
like friggin pants are so tight like I
can't really like adjust myself I can't
really like my Gooch is itchy you know
that section in between your balls and
your butthole and I can't scratch it
comfortably cuz I don't have enough like
slack down there you know I'm saying but
uh anyways
so do BG is doing her fashion Friday
video with wrist rolls interviewing her
asking her what she's wearing and stuff
and like it responds I mean um Julie
g-got hey Judy she got the wedding is
over a beautiful ceremony you over here
in Marysville at the st. Mary Catholic
Church and and vlogging and we don't
have we're waiting on our ride and so
we're just waiting for the rider can get
we're like the last people hear the
spirits away you know us and God of
course and hey nothing is retarded we're
here with the Lord we're talking about
I ate teared up a little bit I was
touched we're we're here at the wedding
reception
as well before your in every side not
going in right now on you of YouTube
channel to browse our YouTube channel I
will but I will bots check it out and
what do you do let my people know I play
like pop music one Taylor Swift on the
piano and you play like upside down and
backwards and doing flips on 5 song mega
table rows yeah no you do it
playing violin and DDR and Ontario
thanks guys crazy subscribe discuss
crazy
so what we hit the Space Needle we're
stopping by I've been there
mr. oath has it but we won't be able to
go up cuz it's a long-ass line we gotta
go to the airport in like ten minutes
but you get you can get a good look at
it from down here though yeah we suppose
it's nothing it's nothing it's just you
look you gets a look at a boy in the
stratosphere when I get yeah it seems
Citroen is better than Thank You Man
thank you for driving us around bro
so Marissa hasn't
I mean numbers this rose some time
before her flight back to Las Vegas so I
walk around Lakewood mall with this
really also youtubers hello everybody
let him know just in case I know who you
are boy my name is my name is pussy -
what's up everybody check me out check
him out where how you liking your time
out here at the Lakewood mall bro it's
go slow for me it's different
so I'm actually at the airport right now
pastor Troy I got back from Seattle last
night to him I got back from Seattle
that's right Santa so now I'm about to
get on a plane and go to Canada to visit
somebody to visit somebody that y'all
can't see yet but one of candidates like
7 o'clock in the morning right now
planes all day so guess what guys I'm in
Canada now we're at shopper's which is a
weird Canadian version of Rite Aid and
I'm with her say hi all right let's go
get these rubbers in this Lube and these
fucking and just all we need and some
and some and some gas and some gummy
worms you can eat off my dick I just hit
a million subscribers so thank you
everybody who subscribed to me I know I
said that in the main video already um
you know I'm still a man getting some
breakfast in bed how you doing girl they
just saw your body
yeah like bottom man and I'm a being
Boston though on Wednesday for a radio
interview I already said that in another
video bomb will be in Boston in the I
said that in one of the prior vlogs
information down below I don't know you
might see me around at a bar or
something like that or I don't know
there might be some meeting to eat at
some clothing store I'm not sure exactly
what's going on to be honest but Boston
like their Facebook page and so for more
information I the Royal penis is clean
your highness thank you King shit
