Oh
Peter do the Michael Jackson hey not
cool
hey cool those kids were consenting kids
were enjoying themselves well I don't
know they were definitely horny
are you kidding no we don't think you
raised Oh Michael is still alive I love
you
MJ for life time to change the date the
sing-along game today good send a little
message is real discreet and if you get
me
we're taking a break to watch kit to go
to cake parts wrong I got cake so I'm
not gonna actually show it just gonna
get Owens reaction you gotta watch never
seen this Johnny
okay cake but don't go there kids
sup y'all i'm super greasy right now i
actually um we got back from filming at
around 4:30 a.m. and i had to come back
and finish writing this theme song for
this cartoon we're working on
I just finished it's 6 o'clock in the
morning if you don't believe me right
there BAM 6 a.m. and so yeah I'm gonna
try and get some sleep and I'll see you
in the morning we have to go record this
bad boy
yeah skeet dreams
so a nice little kid I grew up on this
dude Sam cook my parents used to play
Sam cook for me all the time he's like
the first person I really memorize
lyrics to and actually if you remember
the song I wrote for ileana the
Valentine's song the cupid please try
back you both ticking ever release one
of that one go that was actually that
hook was inspired by his song Cupid drop
back your bow and let your arrow go
straight through my love is hard for me
see all these men all your kids don't
know about that old school shit I'm I'm
an I'm an old soul off you you know then
so thank you mom and dad for raising me
on that good shit PD flow you can tell
me Pedro broke meds again just count
don't pay so I look white but I smoke
the brain when I'm picking up wrist
rolls at Long Beach Airport because
we're both going to its Judy Times who
is a makeup guru we're going to her
wedding in Seattle so yeah I know see
how people I'm sorry second time in
Seattle and I'm not even saying hi to
anybody but Boston I'll be there next
weekend for a for a radio interview no
I'll be there on the 16th to the 18th
for radio interview for I'll put the
information down below to take it at
home so guess who's got my restaurant
guys Chris mother Rose
and her effing rose has another boot I
know it I know I really really miss
eight like an egg I like it I like your
eggs how you like your eggs fry to
fertilize have you heard that song no
how do you like your eggs was rose fried
or fertilized I like it over easy over
here you know it's like really crispy on
the oh okay you hear that nasty so we
barely made this flight it was all
resolved I was like let's go what could
be like run to the terminal so we
overheard Rankin on this flight pre pre
pre waiting game yo does it was rolls
doesn't reverse look like Genevieve Jovi
the porn star the porn star Genevieve
Jovi
what's porn I don't know famous casino
until to loop-de-loops rose
Julie's really make up the time oh look
how crazy the shower is it's not only
this right but you turn this other one
and it comes out here and here that's
crazy
the business going on your penis at all
times
the royal pain is this clean your
highness Thank You King shit
