with a super-ego and Ricky sucks over
there Rick didn't want to do taking the
photo booth with us because he doesn't
have a hat any other giant forehead it's
okay to take pictures now here we go
mmm
so I'm on my way to the airport once
again going to Denver Colorado never
been before me and jr. Tino are gonna go
just kind of host the club you been out
there do a little meet and greet and yes
nice shirt thanks thanks yeah oh yo
crazy I'm in my hotel room in Denver
right checked in nice little room or
whatever and then I'm room are you in
and I hear a knock on the door I answer
the front I answered the door and
there's nobody we got a cut through I've
never had a connector room with anybody
before
hi bro he not cute you know so over here
easy barbecue right now going in this
boot Thank You Man
thank you for the food yeah thank you
bro mom thank you thank you for the food
I mama put joint
hey thank you thank you for the food
food oh yeah hook it up all this food
right here really good thank you this is
mama you can see why he's okay you know
of course you saying wiener is hilarious
though so he's good he's gonna pick this
up block a Korean but his wiener is
Korean okay you say what you say you say
dick though de Soto
lovely girls say all yell first you can
do it oh oh oh oh my god
Mindy MXC man oh man y'all man I'm in
Milan and getting a mando and a and
that's Vietnamese for what Vietnamese
for we go to Maxine we drink we we party
we drink we throw up we go home we fuck
yeah can y'all change the order to we
fuck and then we throw up cuz I'm much
on we're gay I mean I'm gay yeah no see
other dishes my friend is gay Samia are
just angry right now
yes oh yeah so we came to being green
now she was long but it was beautiful
Deborah showing that love thank you
everyone who came out
thank you just do for driving us to the
hotel
Thank You jr. thank you to this dude
whatever it is and follow him on Twitter
we put a roof you money so nice to be
money so nice hey this cat is ripped
hold on close this vlog out alright yo
so Denver was crazy so it's a good time
thank you everybody in Zen from showing
us mad love it's time to go to sleep
ever
thank you push it off bro you make me
make me look bad yeah yeah tai tai
denver denver denver Thank You Denver
Denver finally I'm back from my Denver
trip I'm back in LA Westside and but you
know me man I'm grinding 24/7 right now
they dig me out this is jive from a job
and on his lovely girlfriend back there
and I'm gotta go shoot some stuff with
this web series she is a peppermint
coming out in October si si Pepe I have
no idea what's going on so I'm here on
set filming this let's go yo I'm gonna
be in Maryland on September 10th for the
free fest concert which is brought to
you by Virgin Mobile it's a free concert
all about raising money for the
regeneration charity which is about
getting like homeless teenagers off the
streets and I'm helping them out for you
know because of all the whack
circumstances they've been going through
in their lives or whatever and if you
want to check up the lineup for that
link in the description below and also
I'm gonna be giving out free tickets in
the coming weeks so Maryland free Fest
Virgin Mobile live please check that out
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you change it
