so it's the last night of VidCon we're
getting ready to get getting sexy for
raywilliamjohnson is having a crazy
party at UH at Avalon in Hollywood and
getting sexy Rick's getting sexy not yet
Rick is not sexy I don't look at him
here look away he's hideous right now
it's time to rage broke I'm fuckin rage
check out the ride into the club and
there's multiple ones that are gonna
take people to the club the Hummer and
all that YouTube man is crazy it's good
ray william johnson is crazy
rocks are
yeah
mochi body for me thank you didn't get
enough on the street doggie like forgot
the jalapeno I feel like you're sleeping
on the ingredients there should be more
ingredients
sucks in the cab back yeah
by myself on time
I suppose they had it one way back to
the hotel right now whoo party was crazy
pretend like I'm on the phone right now
so I'm finally back in the hotel room I
know I didn't get a whole lot of footage
of that party but that party was crazy
man it was at a club in Hollywood it was
free drank sushi free sushi in the club
ZOA spinning wax performing dub
dumbfounded performing we found the
music with the black the room with the
black people music and stayed in there
all night had a good time it was
youtubers all over the place man it was
crazy limo service to the club I didn't
feel like waiting for the limo service
back to the club now I'm actually gonna
take a shower and I'm getting picked up
at four in the morning to do a cameo in
a music video so like I said I hate
Bowie shoots this is Anthony booing
smell fuck has me out here for is it's
like 4:30 5:00 to 5:05 five o'clock in
the morning oh yeah that's cool that's
cool
it's gonna music video as you can see
and just trying to stay awake what
someone show with drag queen drag race
it's like like super one hair she's like
oxygen if I'm taking a nap these guys
keep talking there so you don't have my
bottom lip wins you're up Phillip my
winner best one
she's tripping yeah they have me
slapping her but I didn't want to do it
but they got me slapping her butt
it seemed or really realistic to me he
like if I'm supposed to be an asshole
boyfriend I beat the flavonoid booyah
nicely not even asshole thing that's
like a endearment you know that's like
left love south dog named Ava so you
know mr. mr. ten million views Alexandra
Wallace okay never mind
hey what's up introduce okay all right
getting some Japanese food with my
family some rolls and some Ross and some
salmon cheek I think that's all my mom
does in the back of the car when I turns
yeah she doesn't wear a seat belt
okay so no you don't good so I'm I'm in
Hollywood
grabbing Thai food with my lovely new
youtuber friends and real-life friend
Abby she has a YouTube channel as well I
know they're so soft right now because
you're white I never I'm like they never
see why girls in our videos yeah
beautiful
that's racist what's your channel is to
shout it out my channel is a b-girl
and it a be expelled
the GI RL so everybody goes subscribed
she like shrimps and booty shakes and
all that good stuff so go check it not
buy okay the royal pain is this clean
your highness
thank you King shit
