Rose will barbershop win apart get my
hair cut alright so now that I got my
hair cut and I'm looking funky I'm
heading to the Knox City offices just to
you know break bread touch base pick up
some free stuff you know because what a
lot of y'all don't realize is that aside
from being talented a big part of
furthering your career is networking you
have to know how to network and I'm
saying building relationships with
people communicating with people just
you know finding different ways to work
with people so that you know hey I
scratch your back you scratch mine you
know that's what it's all about it's
like I say it's like 50% no no
40% ow no no no 30% Talent 70%
networking you know I'm saying cuz I got
people that the wouldn't need don't even
like my music but they are gonna want to
work with me because I got the numbers
you feel me worst couch we're worth
coots
we're dumbfounded Oh Oh worse coochie so
it's Epic Meal Time I got this here duck
and bacon hot dog
put his wiener in my mouth how's that ro
god bless america
you know they had to hook me up with the
with the with the with the free stuff
because one of the perks of being
YouTube famous is that your YouTube
famous friends give you their YouTube
NOK steady buy that's it
buy all of it intuition listen listen
listen to intuition buy all this
hey at the Hyatt Regency which is where
the VidCon VidCon is being held gonna
check into my room since I'm out here in
LA
whoo so I checked into my room over here
and yo they hooked it up there's a nice
little room Thank You VidCon take your
YouTube thank you vlog brothers yo check
out this view man freakin I've always
wanted to have sex on a balcony bro
you're too cute for my camera and you
were telling me what were you telling me
right now well as I tell you I listen to
every single day delegate of a Selena
Gomez
I am hello Cameron love today
my name's Nikki Lima she bit the shit
out of my finger right now yeah you
wrote you got a long time ago bring okay
bring that butt out get that girl
yeah Tim light off when you record one I
mean what are you sneaking for yes what
are you trying to get like what if and
no one knows I can be in the dark I can
begin the dark chilling VidCon maker
booth
okay so here's what I love of it con is
my white fans are showing up it's so
awesome
Yeah right look look not Asian guys see
thank you Bob where you from man I'm
from Minnesota bro sweet
but chief with a Serbian
I'll sign your butt cheek several say
Carl yes same so that is a family man
yeah there you go breathe for breathe
that ass is this real
Chris Brown with it with it with the
cannons on after a long day of cameras
and youtubers and screaming because
that's what all youtubers seem to do for
some reasons just scream I felt like
just coming back to the room getting
some room service you're getting on my
Twitter taking my socks off watching
that 70s show watching Rick in the
corner rub his eyes kina grannis onstage
killing it
but it lovely on stage we're gonna go go
to crazy Club right now Spyro something
so pissed I already heard a secret video
I need a last push
if you hit a million before me I will be
so pissed off introduce yourself Gabby
Gabby yes thank you
we got some Taco Bell me Ricky shucks no
Rika Sato so yeah oh we got into this
conversation about how they sell use
panties in Japan and she was like oh I
can just sell my we just stopped my
heard that she just sell unused ones in
lines good and I was saying there's
gonna be a huge difference but I was
saying there's also good vagina smell
that can be on there and so but I know
all girls can't smell if she trying to
walk around a lot mm-hmm
i'ma wait till I see you nose a little
shiny and then we're gonna do a
significant my nose doesn't get shiny
it's your butt your butt does exactly
we're gonna do a sniff test sniff test
and it's gonna be gross if your butt
does no but you said it doesn't smell so
all he goes
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you
King shit
