Oh crazy stuff this morning I wiped my
ass after our food and on everything it
was all heart it was a heart on the
paper beautiful love all around what did
you get this morning when you wipe rich
a swastika not looking good for Rick so
uh we're back in the booth right now
doing more recording for this top-secret
cartoon we're working Shh we got Peter
here this randomly Iguala press that was
your latest Eagle dress Elwha good
morning everyone it's way too early for
me right now like 10:00 a.m. and I'm
late to this music video shoot or the
video we're doing for question the remix
with Michelle Martinez and my last vlog
I did this little British accent and you
know and British people are always like
why do Americans always do like the
Queen's accident or the posh accent and
I'm trying to not I'm trying to avoid
all get some tea and crumpets today you
know I'm trying to avoid that shit and
really work on like a real British
accent you know like just for fun you
know so this is so I watch a lot of like
like the UK battle dudes and
so I'm trying to get this one accents
this guy named archaic
so he's like ruff ruff we get to give
it's a lot of like all the ths are like
these they always say Americans and then
see here shit too much so when I'm doing
it I'm trying like not now really say
the words brother trying to get together
buff buff I'm trying to get together
brother I got this funny check you don't
got some mics on my feet how's that
better better ruff
my
she's got my makeup done yeah hardcore
rapper I gotta get my eyeliner done just
like to do this video we got mesa in the
makeup chair dancers hi I'm great I
should sit up in everyday I can't have
like sprouts ooh hi Katrina hi sure
Oh
Oh
one of my biggest fans right here guys
Cecily
hello I'm vlogging now sorry buggy
we have to stop our real conversation
repeat any part of death star this is my
death star that I just drew on deaths
Dark Star Wars chula word I got it I'm
not really Sherlock Holmes I'm actually
going to get cast as this party my life
so that's really yeah you got it for a
total accident it's more like it's like
that neighbors yes like that alright
alright oh and check this out guys crazy
product.you you have hair and you spray
this on and it makes you bald it's not
weird it's crazy I think you have it
wrong it's the other way I think you're
wrong
so we got a giant mob of dudes out here
cuz I cuz you know how the scene of the
party is a house party you know how it
is we go to house part expecting crazy
bitches and it's nothing but do pointing
horny dude that's exactly the same so
vlogging block you Riley setting up the
suit this party dance scene would you
please please
we're all chillin here one stays exact
way too many Hazen's up here oh yeah yes
yeah Wow almost done with this video soo
right now what up almost done
what's up hey thanks for coming
everybody yeah oh yeah cameras all of
your faces on camera all your face right
now
what put your damn seat there are some
go to the airport again my the airport
flying knew that my mom
Whitney pick going to Winnipeg for show
tomorrow
Victor Kim and Eric David back to Canada
man kid national anthem
so I'm here at the airport Victor Kim oh
yeah getting ready for this fight to win
a big mmm so I told him to give me a
sandwich right I was like give me
whatever un trite freaking healthy as
sexy as Victor Kim it's a grilled
chicken sandwich no mayo though anything
looks like I don't eat like healthy this
tastes good I'm trying to be sexy too
and it's working man I can tell already
didn't like this the Royal penis is
clean your highness thank you change it
lastly vlog number two and ten there was
a fan that stopped by from Portland
Oregon his name was Larry MA and I was
recently informed that he got shot and
killed so you know rest in peace and my
condolences to him and his family and
his friends thank you for showing me
love and I know you're in heaven
watching my videos bro
and it just goes to show that you never
know what can happen you know so y'all
stop stressing about the bullshit just
love each other and stay positive all
right
