toodaloo but uh fans from Madison
Wisconsin stop by and so say hi and
poisoning Kenzie and Marissa I do that
okay and your lovely mother and grandma
hi I'm Graham yes and so thanks for
stopping by and the all these girls are
crazy talk I'll tell you I'm that name
I'm not Lord how some reason oh my
goodness well you're not that far i
guess i'm just really little I think I
did the outfits as well I'm just trying
to get like something else okay so me
Rick decided to going I had to buy a
charger this bride assault charges from
so so yeah yeah I remember the ball
right then told me I was fat so I get on
his after I want to see what the texting
is nice i go to the messages and this is
what hope you do that what up Betty what
you do crazy I said I'm starving so it's
just a fan packed day over here we got
these dude this chick yeah where you
guys from fallen or you or Lenore again
for sure what's up thanks for stopping
by so right now I'm going to get dinner
with my parents we're going to get some
every monday i get dinner with my family
because the restaurant is closed on
monday
got my mom in the back seat no seat belt
again oh and check this out right at
another table I got more fans where
you're from corrigan before Oregon
boylan sweets hi how do you 12 halu 17
okay high five please okay so my mom is
wearing her seat belt now guys thanks to
your comments Thanks what's the other 7
10 yeah thank you mom yeah okay ready
here we go it's the enemy use the top
side I can use this aspect
moving it awakened bong Wow miss it mix
now you know where you get the stupidest
from hey hey they're gonna kick you out
watch their domestic oh no good oh my
dad my dad's friends laga soo oh wait
yes that's my dad's homie so we ordered
a whole bunch of food about to go in
right now going in we're going in we're
going in me going in man we're going in
so drop my parents off and then I have
drive all the way to LA go to homie
versatile spot because we did a if if
you remember a few vlogs ago we were
working on a song together it's actually
up on them traffic music with a k right
now if you want to listen to it it's
called a rebound it's about being like
like that dude that the girl rebounds
with and then you get attached and she's
not feeling it anymore whatever and so
go listen to that if you like we
versatile what shout out your YouTube
real quick youtube com versatile music
okay i'll link you to so they're saying
that the bottom half of his body over
his face is is bart or uncle same from
just kidding films and the top half of
his face is phil from wongfuproductions
right so the dream if you get it hahaha
the sunglasses on that legless Kenan
Thompson get on over here the widow me
to Dante Basco I wish uh-oh everybody
that you wish
this I'm this ugly people that up Jackie
Chan I get all the time Chris Brown um
Frankie J once I'm reset all the bikers
around never I don't think I look like
chris brown one time a girl left a
comment on a note on a facebook picture
or myspace picture today I'm looking
like Chris Brown and shit was it was a
from a particular angle way good work
Jamie Foxx okay we r we having heart
rate dude everybody said you know I've
been getting this a lot y'all tell me
this everyone says I've look like and
act like but look like Kevin Hart and
when I when I have my sunglasses on Rick
says all the glad Jamie Foxx yeah I was
just call me Fox Vega all right good
morning everyone right now I'm on my way
to the long beach airport to pick up
michelle martinez she just threw down
from the bay were actually shooting a
music video for her we're shooting a
music video for a song called question
or I a song that i remixed from her
album and we're doing the video on
thursday so we're gonna just you know go
over deeds and whatnot you gotta cook I
cook right now for everyone go do it do
it
miss cook
nice that's dirty okay taking me to nice
to the swap meet and paramount over here
bargain deal son bargain with you slap
me we got smashed out of here smash
music produce smash hit up red to swap
meet what it is find everything you need
it before me you know how we do
paramount paramount all day I'm good
caramel swap meet oh look how thick
these mannequins are son that's nice
what oh my god we just spotted her Hello
Kitty that's her shit oh my that's her
shit oh my booboo making the come back
with with a FUBU Jordans oh boo boo kick
whoo-hoo collection forth does the
tiniest feed son that's kinda so tiny
what was I see she was ice feat see
where me nice necklace another little
piece for my chain yo so we got dudes
all the way from Japan came to the
restaurant to say was that was
introduced yourself man yeah because you
can tell from Japan's in every tune you
got to see here what's up your pick up
to Tim yeah we got Tim thanks man thank
you thank you thank you yeah yeah tell
me why I right across the way from the
Japanese people no more fans from
Minnesota what's up with good was good
good like that way that I oh oh so i'm
over here at the rosewood barbershop
going apart I'm back here at off the
what's in chicago off the rocket
boosters com yeah what is it set it up
frozen radio com rosewood radio com what
to do is we're gonna be one good was
gonna DJ a run in the building i'm in
the building place it without man
Mitchell yeah just love your board
Carter love yes in Erica
right this pump cut my hair if y'all
don't remember all that video begin
Kanye West haircut Halloween all right
what do we do different this time so
we're like babe I said sure give me a
babe we're contemplating doing the part
right now do it yes they do the mall
mercy the mezzo little no middle part so
we decided to go with the part if I'm
like I'll just feeling when I brought
this neither cool so I was pulling on
the other side so it's easy
yeah rosewood huh traffic yo uh-huh your
girl told me she wanna cut no Clippers I
told her look chick I'm to fly no zipper
my flow is so lakers your flow is so
Clippers big tip you know I come
equipped with the zippers when i'm
giving a cut you can catch my fade no
condom you can catch my aid your
Minuteman your soul men that may flow
streets of these salad my flows lemonade
so off the top rosewood barbers see me
bottle day you can come to the harbor
long beach SF down the NY i go to KFC
hand i rebel 10-5 feel lik your like
some chicken my flavor with two nights
give me a glad my honey and some coke
with no ice send this so dope off the
top like a bra cup to beat my penis like
a song Tim too nice when I'm coming with
the Rays chick please you know I stay
fresh light for breeze yes we over here
and boy the part I don't care you if
female is light or dark I feel getting
in like I'm trying to stuff it Tucker my
Thanksgiving yeah I can come is if you
don't cuff your chick I'm a snatcher
victim call me the ex girls catcher yeah
that's right so so nice oh yeah that's
right the girls lined up just like my
hairline freestyle to the time's up yeah
and I free from the heart uh yeah
Francis gave me apart and now I got the
juice give girls or the goose and I get
them in the back and they can you get
loose Wow
yeah the royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
