I'm spider-man man you're not spider-man
you Asian in spider-man's definitely a
white guy Peter Parker
oh no well you listening to the white
man's comic books too much all right
they change history okay
spider-man is Asian my real name is
Peter Park I'm half Korean oh all right
okay so how much I owe you you got some
spring rolls on your zone no Beach
second to the last day of shooting and
we got a special guest on set this
little DC daughter so this is this is DC
I'm not actually get this messing it up
there the Lighting's all good the
lighting oh good are you my so so so
she's a product of Wilin out for a while
and our girl
this is Nova young class Nova young fly
hey bring that city here MA
and you can watch Jackie's YouTube
what's the channel yeah
don't chip I'm gonna crank out some
little homegirls for you I don't I don't
want to you about it somebody brought up
they're like yo do you think you're
gonna have like kids and she will like
lamb for daughters
no it's a regular conversation we're
gonna for daughters and like immediately
as soon as she said it I was like damn
she's right I felt dude Oh everyone's
like yo Tim you know what that is that's
the players curse like you gonna no not
playing her oh yeah canoodling with with
females of all kinds you know so people
feel like that might be that might give
me my four daughters a little like you
just know big for the big forget like in
girls from my homies already calling
this long as like y'all when your
daughters turn 18 baby gave you puppies
i noting on me smart I know they're
gonna be funny like me noting on me
pretty I know
hopefully to get her eyes I know this is
special especially especially for me
especially a lot of the old geez this
guy right here
yeah single hailey yeah the best
audition I will show you the tape yo so
to go from like now say watching this
man audition over a decade ago to him
being the star Saturday Night Live now
maybe I gotta give the main writers off
that and also perform an airplane on the
rest while y'all make some noise for
Jackie Jackie own thing get it poppin I
salute everything that job done one from
horn life and real stars now what we do
here and again this is this the last one
y'all we did 22 episode yes man week so
get yourself a sweatshop
but honestly I appreciate everyone's
hard work everyone's dedication all your
talent no other crew could have done it
y'all give it up for the crew as well
just go out there have fun especially if
you won't come back next oh damn have a
good time and I love y'all this bow here
to give thanks to the bowtie Lord
Heavenly Father we come before you just
saying thank you father father we just
thank you for this opportunity father
thank you for giving us that opportunity
to do what we love father God we thank
you for the protective hairs that God is
here safely and it's gonna get us home
safely father we ask for the spirit the
energy and the motivation to go out here
and give these people one last good show
father father we ask all of these things
father in the universe our ancestors in
Christ's name we pray 1 2 3
let's go
hey fuck fuck that shit fuck that shit
that shit
where my chain is like oh not do feet
I checked chatter like a food inspector
Mauli
Wally
rude
yo so I'm finally back home wrapped up
another season a while now and that
would be my sixth season season 11
because when they brought it back it was
season five so shit man five years six
seasons of this shit you know I
appreciate you guys for tuning in and
for loving the show I shout out to Nick
Cannon shout out to MTV forgiving a
young asian dude with a with a passion
and and bars and jokes and a beautiful
face a chance to do my thing on TV and
you know I'm just I'm just grateful to
be on the show like it's such a
beautiful group of cast and crew and
it's such a fun experience and I Love
New York and I love I just love the
experience man it's it's a fun time and
I'm and I'm so grateful that you guys
have turned it into a hit you know it's
continuously building more more of an
audience and more momentum and um you
know it's just so especially since I am
the token Asian on the show so I feel
like you know I'm here repping for my
peoples you know I'm saying that and
that's what I've always wanted to do is
just RepRap for my rep for my Asian dues
and hold it down for us on TV and then
it's crazy that like now people you know
now so now more so than ever I get
recognized from wildin out more than
more than YouTube and that's kind of
trippy to me cuz all it was always like
you know YouTube guy now now
everything's kind of flipped and they're
like oh oh oh and TV you want no guys so
it's pretty sweet
I feel like I'm getting sick and also I
I just I'm just so happy to be home now
I need to pay some bills and open mail
and try and get this house shit figured
out all right
love y'all take care of yourself and
each other
wear a condom pull out way before you
think you're about the bus because you
know
yeah I've the royal pain is this clean
your highness Thank You King shit
