who is that Oh what's up y'all so it's a
beautiful day in Los Angeles and I'm
picking up a bunch of hats because we're
doing a meet and greet on Saturday a
pop-up meet-and-greet um but I took my
Miley my little Audi to pick up the hats
I totally didn't realize how much
fucking hat we're gonna be getting I did
not realize this the bag the boxes were
so big um so uh yeah definitely didn't
have room in the trunk in this little
fucking it's basically a two feeder so
you know I'm saying got the big add
boxes in the back it's all good though
DGM I'm not doing like all DTM I'm gonna
kick it kick it kiss a guy hit my bed in
Korea's banana check it out we got this
crab marinated in soy sauce and then we
got this shrimp marinated in soy and
this is just raw bro it's just a raw
shit like you got the crab guts right
there just cuttin it up that's like a
delicacy actually it's like egg like a
kazoo crab egg as a guts it at
yeah coming here boys
hi hold on all right let me get break
like yeah fucking yeah like how'd I do
let me make sure I get over the rice
I'll go to the Hari glass 16% from are
we good fire was pretty fire Dallas not
hard to be they are love you my hand an
hour
village I think it is harder it's like
we're here to get like the CD like slash
like vada
so we just wrapped another episode of
myself going around fullscreen are you
guys watching or what watch this shit
it's funny
look we got Megan but tone on the pole
dropping it eating fries and Shay I
would be like I don't know what's wrong
with that River but I want to have this
definitely like I got a nope what's
going to happen
yo no real talk
so once I'm near Rick we're at a strip
club and it was super dead remember this
year for empty and this curl got was
naked on stage but it was so dead in the
strip club and they were the strippers
are so bored she started moonwalking
naked and like yeah Michael Jackson yeah
as you party but negative thing is I'm
pretty sure I follow her on Instagram
really yeah whoa yeah yeah we got greasy
fries - you're still eating the
basketball practice I covered the germs
of the ranch Oh for sell me after the
war I went back to New York
to the war went back to New York I
finished up my studies in a proud I go
shut up BG bugga me up with tickets to
Hamilton got my boys here ah that's it
keep hooking us up with one single
person on point because I don't suggest
to and Hammond and Hamilton and you get
just premiered this week at ten pages
so super elf copy at a time
glad the homies give the lot this event
took a minute to live so after Hamilton
I went straight to a shoot with a pilot
in doesn't matter where with that
anyways it was a nighttime shoot we
started at 1:00 a.m. you know of course
I could report anything went from 1 a.m.
literally until 10 a.m. I we was up all
night and then I had to get home - real
quick wash my ass and then come straight
to Cerritos for our tedious because we
have in this beauty pop up at a Neptune
the Neptune's it's a restaurant they got
oysters they got fire at wings they got
bomb a through they had a full bar
Neptune's raw bar in Cerritos I'm on no
sleep bro we go setting up myself of
shit we selling these motherfuckers
today we sell in these motherfuckers
today be for the fuckers are sold out
where we got team left we are to Obama's
request oh shit we got we got Benji's on
sale today you know I'm saying Benji
dick going on sale ladies ladies come
get you something that equals exclusive
for the season or the media greed
insanity has begun and just likes it a
little bit we get the first people in
line what's good what's good here come
come to me come to me what's up what's
your name - I am pizza boy white
hey go combat like these dudes been here
since what kind of a 3830 cat Z was
haunted it now okay solo sir Dean and
four hours okay
it was like I didn't know if there was
gonna be like a super line of my man
people follow me like a dream or a
billion followers
okay uncle I know they do I know it all
the way to Oceanside were you Whitney
Whitney hey make sure you come to
Neptune's to get your bum ass food and
your ribs and shit dog got off the
Carter this boy yeah I want to go maybe
you gonna pick some pictures okay
look at look how adorable you are all
and now ladies on a sexy man oh well the
Halloween now bro 40 60 14 year old man
now higher ladies platicas the end and
he go he made his mom drive to San Diego
so I appreciate you telling me here we
go ha ha ha I mean I mom older sister
older sister came in here looking at mom
Brian look remember I want fit for me
will be on the left now tell me what a
happy for me to be notice but sure I'm
now forever baby I noticed a 5 year
since our first listen to business
that's a long time for me to have been
through things like I'll forever be
sucked and I can take a stand just wanna
say fuck and that's the first time a
bird cursed in the phone
can't you tell something sucks all grown
lavrov's like maybe those 200 plays
guitar needs to sell itunes up to that
happened but only in my dreams where you
catch me what rappers I look up to in
the scene a diva
three hours like three years now walk
out on Twitter and it's two days
Instagram thanks man fuck around you
first of all this man looked like
Jacques Demers buddies the French
diversion attack the young yellow French
version of sake this man wants to
freestyle right you know
okay Johnny Sheila got the Tommy on me
get the Tommy on are we hey look up on
the five six - so you already know what
is dude would be puffing doobie - about
a month a scooby-doo hungry please you I
Spit that value like Ghost Rider
I need a ghost writer unrestricted and
physically sharper than a scissors with
bars like a wizard coming through a one
too late
Tyson laws so tight they submit Sarah
but we ain't talking pancakes this man
came to the meeting wrinkle treatment
handshake everybody hands and shirts and
shit how but it's okay cuz we still
perverts and shit we hit go online that
we jerk our dick and the words is lit so
just man freestyle then the plan as a
hospice oh dude man is a horrible ask oh
yeah all work
hey hey hey what's up wrong with you hey
I'll write it three days oh my god which
is also pretty excited I will ditch you
I've noticed mister man walking into my
mouth about to leave because he would
like going down but I'm tired
hey get the t-shirt this is a stoma
don't go home I'm nice top 20 accent
translation boy are you single I may
ladies he's single and he's 20 years old
and he's been looking after my I want to
make sure and stay here because I knew
that the OGS make the Philippine Sea
plate one of my longest supporters man
she always comes with bearing gifts she
pays mad and she she brought me some of
the most delicious doughnuts I've ever
had in my life from where I sighs I got
a sidecar doughnuts I cart onna this
pastor Bruce it was a next-level breath
next level brah
make sure you follow a way to bake
let's wait wait rise play E you might
have seen her in a little video from the
Fung bro Putin and Anne Ricci said
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit tonight police
escort shagging game even more shocking
phone call before marry like you'll need
to do something favor
Hey look at that bag with guests lien
it's time for oh go and rock
