at the same time hey I know I know I
submit to you big bad for you madam if I
can get this chick drunk in my room
tonight is shopping if I can get this
Hey
if I can hit the 16 year-old Johnny
tonight hopefully don't listening to
this I wait wait those are rich dude
who's super than that
Oh some kind of coffee pussy
how's that poop going bro yes so guys
whenever I poop I take one shoe out of
my pants
cuz I don't like to be all like you know
like all confined and shit you know so
right now I'm about to get on a plane go
to Seattle just handle some business out
there got some people I gotta meet up
with handle some business yeah I'm
saying I'm not doing any meeting greets
or anything so sorry Seattle people last
week huh song name nor we here Kylie's
camera I'll get away it's people gonna
see you and so I can get a good nothing
on my videos so we're just chillin BAM
even have luck you gotta watch them I do
traffic we in the cool yes sir so yeah
okay okay we ready hey yeah I'm in Harry
Potter back the Harry Potter line yeah
you guys watch my videos right imagine I
just recorded presser right so
all right
you
so last night Andrew Garcia randomly hit
me up on Twitter and was like hey let's
go to a nice very fine it's got a nice
day and and I was like wow this show and
then so now we're going to uh when I was
going to Knott's Berry Farm because
apparently all of our singer friends
YouTube singer Asian friends are up
there singing and stuff so we're gonna
go enjoy the show
ride some rides get drunk get drunk some
groupie no that's bad that's bad they're
all gonna be 12 anyways yes booth the
fuckin hey you're on you're super so me
and you on this ride right now we
waiting for forever hopefully I don't
let go of my camera I'm saying it's a
cool little festival man I'm gonna try
and keep this on while we ride it though
what you crazy you crazy
this mother drop right now I don't ship
I got the hiring hold on this thing
watch me drop this
yesterday
so I'm chillin never had this being
great with everybody what's going on
Tina told me that she wanted a tattoo so
I'm surprising her and oh yeah and I'm
surprised her tattoo hey I'm not done
yet so after a long long as me in Greece
we weren't even supposed to be there at
the show but we decided fit it on the
main brief and a meet and greet meet the
Greek we decided to eat after the meet
and greet the groups that would there
was that call right there
we don't make a Widowmaker I got a
chicken-fried steak this is humongous
where I claim jumpers right now and meat
look eat Greek to me
beef meat stupid my favorite Beach them
so guys it's 3:30 in the morning right
now I'm trying to clean this disgusting
room I got drawers everywhere lights
everywhere and um and I'm going through
business emails and I get a lot of
companies they want me to promote their
website from both their Facebook's so
Virgin Mobile wants me to promote some
celebrity couple like they put together
like a fake celebrity couple to go to
these award shows and go and walk the
red carpet and stuff you know to see how
far they can get something like that but
here's what I thought was funny to get
me that promote this thing of is they
sent me they sent me this picture I got
to blur it out I got a sense of it it's
the celebrity couple on the red carpet
and this chick's nipple popped out I
know that wasn't planned so I just
thought that was funny that they were
like yo man you would like this this
chick's nipple popped out can you shout
out the Facebook so since since they
that was funny to me
facebook.com slash virgin mobile live
and you can click on the little part
that says spera SP ara H if you want to
look into what they're doing with that
celebrity couple Internet poll and stuff
I just made money right now haha to
change the Royal penises clean your
highness Thank You King shit
