so we're here in the sound studio we're
going to do voiceover work with cartoon
working on super sad super sock secret
shhh did you say super soccer figure
yeah but those don't worry about it see
ya give it up you get your filthy mitts
off of her damn it it's ok baby daddy's
here ok all right you'll get your dirty
mix offer it's ok baby I'm here for you
so my mom spends like all her time if
she's not the restaurant cooking up fool
she spends all her time in our backyard
getting her gardener on as you can see
she's a clipping these little bushes
here these little flowers these flowers
are like seasonal they only um like they
sprout occasionally and they smell
really good mmm sweet n low yeah yeah
look at the king song khmer do it Oh
King son Adam I said her shorts were
cute um so here's the backyard guys yeah
I don't take you back here much and my
dad just has to steal the spotlight from
my mom can't just stay in there
camera away from you love it you thank
you i'm gonna have a bad reputation what
could they possibly say hey I'm not
buying it
so whenever I go to the mall and I see
the balloon guy I always got to get a
sword and thank you thank you thank you
got sword man ok so from San Jose she
recognized me in hot topic yeah
Randall's coming ok ok up with a minute
to bro I a became an obsession yeah word
so I'm in toys r us because I felt like
rarely going to arrest as it puts me in
a good mood right oh we found this
predicting a bouncy ball right I love
you guys to read this way it says are
you kidding right it got a little bit on
but the question I asked it was am i fat
ok as it did bro you get a real enemy
I'm a fish sounds again ok are you
kidding he doesn't even want to validate
it with an answer man are you kidding of
course you're bad ok I'm gonna puke
right now ok what can I hurry up for the
kick of that I wanna come mr fetch go
for it what am i fat go for it you're
supposed to get bad dog looking good
just that broke yeah good thank you do I
have a sex addition looking good this
ball is on your balls yes definitely
some I took my parents to the reef in
Long Beach to get some Sunday brunch
this is where they used to take me when
I was a little kid and AH like how you
and for it oh yeah the birthday brunch
kind of
oh so we're gonna drink some champagne
yet and they get drunk my own I don't
want anyways we over here long beach he
looks a little tuxedo and what you know
about caviar and corn dogs and sushi and
macaroni and cheese Epic Meal Time and
champagne hey in an hour a lot there let
even a bellows and times hurt I feel put
you first with a big word but I think we
should take how you are you are you
driving Denari people we don't know
which way to go come on
baby we should take it slow take it slow
whoa dr already this time would say get
you slow take it slow dead take it slow
so I can't get this time chain kids
though I'm just joking me this ain't
movin on an adult fairy tale I'm gonna
drink or smoke every day no I watched
him like day one okay so so I told this
girl via twitter that i was going to be
at the restaurant earlier today at five
to sign shirts and stuff and and then I
was on my way to somewhere ok I was
going to the movies with somebody that's
always have been but dad's like hey did
you tell some good reasons do the rest
was like oh my god I totally forgot so I
drove to where she's staying right now
in LA she's fine her shirt and heard hi
smile thing and oh what was in it hey
Rachel Rachel hi Rachel and thank you
for the support and stuff and yes thank
you for that thank you the royal penis
is clean your highness thank you king
shit
