okay I'm over here freestyle legend
supernatural yourself your mentor okay
now before before freestyles where
everybody wrote them out and call them
freestyle be right here like like
protective freestyle dinosaur ballistic
back with fries that was a green salad
exactly i'm not a blackberry style
exactly yo such an underdog it's crazy
it's crazy right now I feel I feel now
I've been validated as a rapper yeah
Thank You flare yeah Rick figure up pick
up any look at his house or his house
so I'm picking up junior Kino from the
long beach airport he just landed from
Vegas he has a little layover somewhat
akin to the restaurant get some grub
what's funny i gotta come right back
here and get on a flight to vegas
actually in a couple hours so there he
is Jay Oh Jay Oh baby what's up son can
I get all right get in here sexy sup man
what's up dawg hello hot to this alone
haha okay so it's half an hour till we
get on our flight we're super pressing
pushing pushing it right now JR is
barely eating his pot pie for my
family's restaurant and it's crazy hot
in captain
an omelet
how's that I just had a mouthful am it
how is it up it's delicious hi so when
Vegas guys yeah when this nice hotel
room at the arias what oh it's our food
but Rick's allergic to the room for
something something so great is they
came super itchy I'm crazy he strapped
to a bed I'm crazy again you know
she's still gonna heat it up she likes
it my way my way satisfy her love oh
damn back to see me do it sometimes you
want to listen to some old ass usher in
the hotel before heading to the pool
sing us and I'm in control let me not I
got a I got a nice I got to show you but
not show you to tantalize the the
bloggers the viewers it's so hot it's
super hot in Vegas right now yeah super
chillin I don't
you know all of all the viewers are
gonna be like Tim who is this hey yo
look at this tall a half asian too
that's crazy let's do this asian I look
like I look like a midget compared to
that but i can't i'm little so i'm
getting ready for the club right now but
might I after i put on my tie i realize
it was kind of wrinkled so got it it's
kind of scary but you know oh shit that
burn hopefully it's a black-tie event
cuz then me and Rick will be prepared
right I'm black youth hockey hey Marky
the cakes are crazy that's all I gotta
get to do significant in your life or
what very cute so last night we hit the
club we were that Marky right we went to
this little area we got there early like
a ten o'clock so if you make sure we got
in right we freaking lucked out dope-ass
DJ up there on the third level playing
some hip-hop people some black people
some some some good music you know Sam
so we're there grooving excited I was
there with my candidate chick with her
homegirl is her birthday freaking the
thing hit midnight and then they
switched it to the house music so it was
like right you want to go sure so we
bounced that midnight got some dennys
good night stomach heading out of the
week I'm gonna weigh myself I'm gonna
weigh myself before I take this poop see
how much weight in one 47.5 okay okay
oops over let's see what we got what 148
I gained a pound after I pooped I gained
half mount that makes no sense so at the
top of the stratosphere about to get on
a couple of rides like the highest point
in vegas right here highest view you can
have its craziness how you feeling get
your elbow you ready with my breasts
your breasts with them ready just one
titty don't know okay so anyways I can't
so whoever you are so my dad just texted
me happy fourth and I said hey happy
fourth to you too and he hits me with a
oh you can't receive but we getting
drunk in the back yard Oh dad nightly
okay so we're at wingstop and in vegas
and these happens I'm with two skinny
girls and they ordered for tea wings for
all of us man you guys are crazy you
guys are crazy for your vagina is crazy
40 weeks you guys are crazy so near Rick
I know you guys love seeing Rick
everyone slowly walking around Vegas on
last night had to ditch the female shit
I'm saying I've got to make up some late
no I figure I get you guys some some
pretty some pretty visual since it's
mostly just the camera in my face we
know that's not pretty but uh yeah man
oh and just so you know the pineapple
juice totally work shut up with it
pretty though right are you James
dreamed is happy all right last day in
Vegas my probably last vegas ship for
like a year um or made you know maybe a
weekend I might come back next week and
we'll see what's up had a cultured man I
had a lovely time kicking it with ladies
of course and the lady of course and
Yemen time to go back to LA and guess
what dude get some bitches done you know
I'm saying bro when you make a video
yes the royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
