arik air gives a shooting this extra guy
she wasn't here setting X me weapons
pablo and there on the pool yes Jessica
yeah he just stole my thumbnail I'm not
gonna lie to you I'm gonna put up with
it after you put up your way okay you do
do my name okay let me get it make sure
you get yeah there's my thumbnail sooner
up I've never seen Peter so dark nasty
ass ten never seen you so dual life ok
oh my gosh after you jump in we can do a
cut from from you getting up from over
there you know Isaiah when you jump in
cold water your duck shrinks no no you
moved your neck papa take the foot it's
no did her boo pop out you can thank you
sir oh the natural bone are you look too
good bro get out my camera pillayar
hello I was just saying how a lot of
people don't how to eat wing because I
clean my shit to the bone and Eric
leaves all this like extra meat on the
sides and stuff yeah let that boy cook
let that boy cook hey Oh
open got a fire inside I'll go I got so
we're watching a transformers 3 9's I'm
doing cooking over there hominis ragga
is excited big swag who decided this
bumblebee Oh cooking battle get the
cook-off wow we're all dancing outside
of the theater cuz good cuz uh chance
Warmack was crazy that shit was amazing
effects with dope story was dope big boy
see these peoples are better when
they're different than the original one
hangover people so uh my mom called me
up and was like hey you got some like
fans at the restaurant should I tell
them to go to the house I was like mom
can be having strangers Ben Eyles but
yeah all the way from Portland Oregon
yeah hi thanks for coming guys uh
restaurants always closed on Mondays
just what you guys know so so we over
here in a boiling crab rollin rollin
rollin I should do more knobs right now
that we have rowland heights watercrafts
wanna Cathy Nguyen usually works at how
much the works here but
and I'm saying we're here and you guys
here finally Rick finally this dude
right here scrub it we we all put on the
loose tank top so who's take Poppi Rick
have like eight different circles on so
my gps has been f'n of lately Monica
probably cuz I've been yelling at her
okay so anyways she's been speaking
German for like this whole trip I gotta
wait till the next direction before you
got here at all which is another ha
aight all the way from Alaska right yeah
stop by the restaurant say what's up hey
what's up hi hi ok my king no ma'am I
did my Lila pineapple juice ganam did I
sperm team when you know allowing it I
locate the man married having full of
that he made my wish I firm my sperm
diamond alloy mandeville mehndi whether
film the formula exercise no not firm
sperm I wrote this Aladdin skit and I
hit up the lovely Carissa Rae to be in
it with me and we got a magic carpet
here look how QC Luke John fucking nah
yeah and I'm gonna tell you hey hey hey
uh deliver his first line and you're
walking up and then yeah we'll take it
from there great time fucking not I'm a
tick from
it's lovely you uh would want to go for
a ride would you we could get out of Los
Angeles see the world is it safe sure do
you trust me right do you trust me yes
get that when you know that one part
where you're like oh my gosh got it so I
wrote this this little part in the skit
where rick has fried chicken I know it's
races but it's funny and it's not a bad
stereotype people liking food isn't a
bad stereotype agency rice anyways check
it shit everybody eats rice right Chris
all right I like both things yes we see
so we're at brennan's it's a bar where
they race turtles for PT flows birthday
should be fun oh just anxious why we
take over happy birthday man country one
happy birthday
oh fuck oh shit fucking yeah hey this
book is for me to do anything we want
jim backus up three to do anything we
want we're already doing everything we
want with a little bit of it we ought to
be good fucking big ass head tube dsm
Pablo fucking shit Monica what the fuck
you dead for a while area so many many
many Maddie the royal penis is clean
your highness Thank You King shit
