so we're back in Hollywood we we were at
a little housewarming thing but it was a
it was we had to leave it was you know
we're not big beer pong people Rick and
I that is because well first of all I
don't like beer Rick doesn't drink at
all
Oh like palm match at it we probably
still get some Thai food go home to be
honest life of a rock star baby we're
gonna invite these girls to get
tactfully with us right yeah are you
hungry
we're gonna get to the food market oh I
like cheap shit Skippy
you look hungry
I notice that your knees are wobbling
still he said girl I'm sure you're
hungry so we got some Thai food I'm not
gonna tell you where we went because I
refuse to advertise any other Thai food
restaurant except for mine and Plus no
one fucks with ties to our restaurant
Point Blank period 808 Alondra Boulevard
Paramount California come through for
the Bombers Thai food you're adding your
whole life
okay so I'm out here at Grandma full
house
I mean no like what city I'm in okay I'm
in Arcadia
I just cracking ass in some ways I'm
never it's ridiculous
I've never seen a dim sum place so bad
I'm here with versatile and sell bro
Jeff Amish yeah we all laid out a little
track today and it's gonna be a hit and
then dim sum
it's crazy skate this lady's crazy
hello Rick Oh Rick farted guys yeah Rick
yeah hey Rick hey Rick it goes so you
guys know he's playing around pineapple
juice got this sighs make sure my ski
take good what is that song here it has
Mallory and I was talking about house
it's kind of annoying sometimes cuz like
like honestly guys me and Ileana are
good I hate we're friends with Jillian
she's over it I'm over it with chillin
right one time I did a video about it
talk about my ex and I was like I'm not
gonna say her name cuz I don't really
feel the need to put her out there like
that anymore cuz like she doesn't really
like people all in her business you know
saying and then one of the top highest
rated comments was damn Tim can't even
say her name
he must be hurting or whatever right so
when I did this recent deer delageteau I
was like I'm keep that in mind and I was
like okay as I was talking I was like
yes so min and I thought about it Ilyana
because I wanted to make sure you guys
knew that I didn't mind saying her name
or her you know blah blah highest like
what the highest rated comments right
now
damn you see Tim stutter when he was
talking about Ileana he must be hurt and
I'm like yo you guys you guys are
breeding way too into it right now we're
good
you're stupid and you're fuckin stupid
idiots
hey love you oh and guess what else I'm
dating so when in Canada and Ilyana
knows about it and I know about her dude
so what's up okay wait say that again
that Father's Day were you saying what I
said I got my dad a present and he was
saying that what it just being you is
enough present for me stupid as you look
thank you and the way you act you know
stupid idiot
but it's go to me all right like that
love you dad that's love very very cool
enjoying the company each other talking
business where can they find you they
want to find you like posh paltry pants
are key word and there were skin some
with it what do you call this here
Japanese barbecue word right before okay
we're going in it's kind of cool this is
kind of cool
you can make s'mores after your meal and
they got their little things there and
our marshmallows like on fire it was
kind of scary a little bit but it was
it's fun though I think it's ready
mine's ready yeah make this more fire
we're gonna watch you bite yours more oh
my god it everywhere
so good yummy white stuff on your lips
come this more John fucking not what's
going on just working all day John
fucking not it's all he does all he do
is work and win hey guys you know when
you see like they're really like well
produced high-quality stuff on my
channel like the skits that like really
really fancy and stuff will stand me
sandy is one of the producers when I
need some high quality sit she hosts and
me okay
that's Sammy we're now rolling it's up
to me check it out what you guys going
on it yay yay Carl to 200 pounds by
September that's the combines I have
faith we lose at emptied a la ghetto in
the next what you guys will now in and
out yeah the Royal penis is clean your
highness thank you King shit
