Tupac birthday guys Tupac birthday right
there oh wait what the fuck filipino
changes Oh shout outs of freedoms
freedom calm that sent me a whole bunch
of snapbacks right now f ree d you ms
calm for some snapbacks get your
snapbacks thanks good so I'm here at the
restaurant getting some lunch is my dad
here we have a thumb kha gai or chicken
it's like a coconut spicy soup but here
we have a come at which is like you know
Chinese broccoli and we got them moon
fried eggs here and of course the agency
I get some rice right and um yeah I'm
drinking pineapple juice I'm gonna be
drinking planet would news for the next
couple weeks to see to test out the
theories see if it's true you know know
about them you know the thing I heard
it's true if you don't know pineapple
juice is supposed to make your Eschete
taste sweet so what see how it goes he
did an original Peter gonna let me know
you don't leave season with better yeah
how to make beats on what I don't want
to make beats all right you teach me how
to import shit imports it he's gonna owe
and once again happy birthday to pot so
we're on the way to the club listen to
some Katy Perry like some gangsters it's
me British X and this be right here he
has YouTube videos to what's your
channel son junior
20 what is it Junior mu n 0z let him
know this dude is Mexican and he looked
like a sexy white dude unlike PD flow
who's next again and looks like an ugly
white dude just playing Peter I love you
bro we know you're sexy too we're going
to the club right now yeah because uh
big booty to hear he's going to be there
and sexy ass rosa acosta is going to be
there and yeah it should be fun so we're
here kodak theatre hollywood highland
giant elephant statues islands right
there we're just waiting on the girls
that we came with to come up we did come
with girls hey the girl has crazy
so we just left the club we just left
the club what hey what I love you I love
you yeah I love you hair mouth your
mouth
yeah she was a cheerleader let me make
sure I am I am Hey look here how long
have I known you she okay we just left
the club you know you got to get street
dogs on the street finally oh fuck yeah
oh yeah you know that a dog it's so good
you never got you don't oh they're so
good they're so good el capitan theatre
we Hollywood we are in Hollywood right
now yeah peeing in the alley right now
cuz um sometimes you gotta pee and Ally
I'm saying sometimes cars drive by you
when you painted Ali I'm saying that
shit happens after the club son la west
side Kelly all day the royal penis is
clean your highness thank you king shit
