so I grabbed my bags and go as far away
as I can go I'm going to Vegas again
because it's nigahiga and kept jumbo are
having like a joint birthday bash and so
I couldn't miss that I know me Vegas all
the time and I could not miss this and
it's gonna be crazy
you ready done that's cool man
whoa what found guys I left them in
Vegas laughs Tom I didn't know where he
disappeared sook found them we're going
back to Vegas again you lost again this
time we're gonna die and you'll see a
penis sing it so wrong if we're not all
of this place J all the important people
three more people here yes man you you
just had to we're gonna go shopping
because we're Vegas nice guys finish
last
I'm good imma go holler at this chick
real quick she look good
oh okay don't don't talk back to let's
go let's go whatever fuck that ho man so
we just got to Ryan and gives like sweet
whoa I want to poo here I want to poo
here and your vlogs so we came back Rick
finally got here and we came back to get
sexy and we failed and now we're gonna
go call stop now we're gonna go back to
the party
and you or my shoes we came here
December
I meant Snoop Dogg the Royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
