all right so I got a random-ass invite
to go to Russell Peters this new mansion
housewarming party
all I heard was free food free drinks
mom girl Linda's here from New York she
works with Nickelodeon and Viacom and
shit and I'll buy yo man I'm going to
this mansion party after beauty college
you want to come through so we hear ya
samson tacos bodied three tacos
quesadillas well I'm not I'm supposed to
not eating cheese either so but it was
so long if the lady cooking the tacos
don't speak English and you know the
shit starts to be by year so check it
out well fucking ruffle Peters has a 10
million dollar mansion in Malibu and we
here look who I ran into ad is random
and manages to pull the phone bro shut
up tomorrow David in New York that's
right odyssic Congrats on the basement
thank you happy for you guys I
appreciate you thank you it's all
produced gross fake
something like it Dupree it artistic
training from Franco strange Oh Phyllis
break now the next video could be like
y'all called it off
Oh Oh the view and then you can just not
actually call it off in real life and it
would be like giving back on cheer baby
cheer bed yeah we all take a break up
we're gonna take a fight we're gonna
fake some cheating it's gonna be super
late Linda you down to pick from
cheating ha ha ha ha write you a check
ten million now you know this is some
rich people to shit when at the open
house okay so I was wrong this isn't a
it's not a housewarming party you can
open house sell it now all right so you
notice that some rich people shit when
you got motherfucker doing yoga on the
lawn at the open house what's not but
okay yeah and there but you see this
this was this is what a rich but was
like good for rich booty look like I
never seen booties like this thing
you know me I am looking for a new house
so I don't know she was a baby ten
million dollar mansion different up for
you with some guns just in case you
start being crazy there he is the man
himself someone in their house I'm sorry
this is the master bathroom the past
about this it's a puppy it's a sauna is
a solid meal it's a sauna yeah yo we
heard that this walk-in closet
so Linda's from New York this is the
size of like a two-bedroom apartment in
New York right here walk-in closet how
you like that shit oh I keep like
testicle your life
oh yeah bubble Peter zippers all right
here Dan what do I have to make you see
the pendulum and Aries on the cheek so
every week in Vegas addiction is been
deejaying at the Planet Hollywood pool
party please don't eat while in our pool
party I had one Sunday free this summer
might as well go to Vegas for the pool
party wiling out so we here Vegas Rick
is here too and it should be a good time
but first I need you some food so
usually when I'm in Vegas
stop by a spot on district 1
my niggas get down hey baby
yeah what song it's all in a program and
all the rough it ever will we get you
home
the way it is we're in our body when
bikinis right and back in the factory
did you know that comes back into the
episode let's see - Mikey need attacking
attacking attacking me you didn't shot
at talking - what a great number usually
the my mentor to young man oh man should
be tweeted maybe I'll see what I'm gonna
do man I can't afford it
now your Vegas is visibly see a fabulous
Jessica let's go is a binary slash
Instagrammer who have one of her best
friends a friend of mine hello Jessica
washer
what's up man how are you I'm good how
are you
chillin chillin just like chillin good
grasp of your engagement thank you thank
you yeah that's what I wanted to like
that's what I wanted to talk to you
about cuz uh
shit's crazy why I don't know like um
you know like you know when you just
kind of start to like think about shit
yeah and like I don't know man I just
like you know like I've been with her
for a long time and like I finally you
know asked her but then it's like you
just kind of start to get in your head
you know I'm saying yeah so like I don't
know man I just um
like you need you know I love you man
look I don't you know I love you man you
know I love you can't fit you know and I
also like so good I'm good to hear it
and I mean I just felt like we had like
you and me I've always had like a really
like dope connection you know so I don't
know man like I don't know maybe like
before I'm just want married like you
and me should just like do something
crazy you know just oh stop it you just
like awesome just for fun like real cuz
it's like my last chance you know that
what do you mean the Royal penis is
clean your highness
Thank You King shit tonight police
escort shocking game more sake Hong Kong
before married I will need to do
something playroom Hey
is nothing that sag with guests oh yeah
it's time for oh go and rock
