so these old Thai people are so drunk
right now singing karaoke in the
backyard so I'm doing this like new show
on timsbakery right where I just kind of
talked about style and fashion more like
a show format though instead of just me
in my room um stop by the attic and all
they took off their big sign over there
to stop by the attic and point apart did
a little spot they hooked me up with a
bunch of free stuff which is always dope
and oh they got Rick some brick sized
stuff somehow I don't know all right so
this dude came all the way from DC oh
this lovely DC to stop by the restaurant
now Rick that's abductive that's their
love child thank you so DP loves these
loves drew Carey oh yeah twice right
right hey thank you for stopping by me
thank you yes thank you so much again
what are you what did you just say
you've just finally reached his real
parents that is footage from DC yes see
yeah that does make more sense doesn't
it but I can't go printing out these
nude ghetto questions because my
printers messed up
flash drive so we're gonna see what's on
it right now
okay so we didn't find edge pictures but
we lyrics to Earth Wind & Fire's let's
groove tonight
so I don't know what this guy does
getting lost
ring caught in the rain but I'd like to
bet champagne tomorrow
I'm on the set of this new show there's
a little sneaky thing I'm doing on Tim's
bakery and I really wanted a pipe with
blue bowls this is a pipe and that's the
bubble stuff this is the lovely sandy
don't suck oh good enough I got bubble
juice in my mouth I told you those suck
I told you I didn't like it was dripping
you just can't help what's up sitting
here next to John fucking knobs and now
did you know if you get in a now burger
you can order it with little chillies
chopped into the shit oh it's crazy what
a day they are back in town just like
what did she like you bro these are
called animal style fries it's a la pink
in an outfit John fucking not animal
style animal style fries you see well
apart reserved parking for adults with
children
am I an adult do I have children no
because I'm a gene
so right now I'm on my way to the
airport going to Las Vegas again to
party with wrist rows and a bunch of
other makeup gurus man I think it's
gonna be me and a bunch of gurus to be
honest you want to come back so me and
my dad are gonna go party in Vegas and
we're just drunk
I do some cocaine
get some hookers do some ecstasy
get some prostitutes yes we're gonna do
some shrooms need some shrooms get some
hoes
basically and it's gonna be crazy
I've entered my little room here at the
Venetian let's check it out
boom boom bathroom tub see-through
shower so y'all can see me showering in
the morning I was with my camera right
down the seat and y'all could watch me
shower let me give you this angle that's
cool right doesn't really dope actually
so now I'm probably just gonna edit this
vlog right here end it in I'm saying um
order me some room service cuz I'm
hungry and get ready for tonight's
festivities okay do you want to see
something dope check this out huh boom
power on do it so it looked cool BAM
that shit's on then that ow wait for it
wait for it wait for it
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
