yay
so one of the airport once again as you
can see there's an air aeroplane right
there fly right there over there and
yeah man School of Hard Rock Show in
Boston I'm on the way to Boston that's
how you Boston
so this hotel room in Boston is the shit
first of all wood floors second of all
lights we can sexy them to make it sexy
in here for me and Rick
third of all football all types of
little thing is that you can sit down on
and have sex on those squishy things
everywhere nice bed so so much so much
our son a bitch in the showers you got
sex on it when you're showering a toilet
and you can have sex on when you're
shitting a Rick what is erection you got
six on oh you're shitting out breaking
news okay everybody's stupid goes our
first night in Boston chillin we said f
the club after the groupies alcohol have
the drugs within the order some Chinese
food and we're gonna chill in the hotel
JRA
written written Ricky shit that's okay
this is crazy this is crazy this is
crazy
I gotta I'm not I get to boobies I get
the matching bra okay no matching lives
okay meet-and-greet has begun
so yeah so that yeah yeah are you like a
cute friend tell ya know you get out I
would be great Pingree okay
just check this prom to come in I
tweeted that I ran out of underwear like
someone bring me underwear so they
brought me underwear thank you thank you
nervous for cuz I do my look at me now
remix treat very following NFS and a fan
oh shit
you know it does you know do you know it
that's good
kids rapid fast yeah yeah
all that you guys all talking at the
same time for like 20 seconds get the
best
there won't be any you don't know
already what
yeah I'm good
what kind are you
so we almost missed our flight cuz they
made a hint you get naked and they had
to check off those crevices for stuff
anybody you get an erection Baltimore
Baltimore Airport a to know me when I
got back and pink noodles dad cousin the
Royal penis is clean your highness Thank
You King shit
