good morning y'all it's 8 o'clock in the
morning I'm never up this early but we
got a we got a crazy packed day today we
got double suits it's a rainy rainy day
on the west coast right now got this
we're gonna go soup this little uh Angry
Birds thing that I wrote really quick
should be funny and then we straight
hitting over - just kidding films we're
gonna shoot with them slow special could
be probably another role reversals I'm
thinking it is yeah man my husband
skeeto bit my face a couple times last
night and I broke out or something ready
to shoot baby ready to shoot banking
let's go soon this and your bird John
fucking know uh who we are in this Angry
Birds thing and yeah don't make noise
we're gonna circumcise you please
so we're shooting this Angry Birds thing
I just yelled it I just screamed at this
little girl hi it wasn't him
Rin thank you mom for letting me yell at
your daughter and oh and yeah it's
probably one of those horrible things on
that in the video but it's gonna be so
funny
Emma your face Nathan so Nathan what's
gonna happen right now I'm gonna beat
you up you're gonna beat me up
exactly and rig that's right oh my gosh
you're crazy
Nathan is crazy you're crazy man if
y'all could smell a good ring smells
right now man ladies for the sexy ladies
you will be skiing in your little Vicki
secrets right now or your target 8 pack
uh white whoops hey Rick sound asleep
now I don't even tell them what the
secret is he buys girl it's a girl
perfume but you can't know what it is
but something about how it mixes with it
I'm trying to vlog some of upbeat you is
this hello
well Kim yes hey Michael written before
attack how's it going so we shot before
uh first of all pajama pants cause a
beanie pajamas to do with this just
kidding film staying tonight so we're at
Walmart you know fans save money live
better at Walmart and also we're looking
for drawers because we might go to
where's that Cal State Cal State
Fullerton and do this undie run but we
don't even go to a school but we know
people there so it's okay it doesn't
think it's perverse we know people there
we have homies up there so we're gonna
go run in our undies hopefully has to
play yes guys oh my gosh guys I met
Jason Chen's house oh my gosh and I'm
here for just getting film shoot which
Queenie where you at yeah and gos hi and
yeah so we gotta just can you film for
now oh what's that bro it's a party in
here it's a slumber party hi that's a
little some dog how you feeling bro
ain't nothing but a slob all right you
got to tell my camera what's going on -
bro so what's happening is he's getting
a hug life tattoos going on right now
fuck bro I wish you were here to see
this I wish you weren't in Cuba hiding
out I wish you were here to see this -
man funny actually watch this on youtube
I you gotta introduce yourself to my
people yes okay yeah I can't have these
stalkers all up in your face
but um yeah we met she was trying to
grind me up at some Club not like girl I
did what I did like the girls do and I
go and I was like okay go ahead
find scenes so um what do you kiss what
uh what do you you already put me off
and it was cool you just made it lame
okay oh you repeating them that's the
one pay attention and they don't get my
shit and get up short guy get the vlog
camera on this one oh yeah I'm getting
you I'm getting your other angles
wording up and action
here's the tip when you're pooping in a
public place when you take the toilet
seat cover out of the toilet um I always
you know this little piece that hangs
off
I always rip it off because you know
when you try to put the toilet seat
cover down the thing always falls into
the water this little part right here so
I always rip it off and and just put it
in the water so the thing just sits
there perfectly on the toilet seat
pooping expert oh what's up y'all
and if you want to watch the videos the
Angry Bird thing that you saw me
shooting in this video that'll be up
tomorrow on my main channel youtube.com
slash Timothy DeLaGhetto to actually you
can just put in youtube.com slash
Timothy and it'll go to my my main
channel and also the thing I shot we're
just kidding films I don't know when
that's gonna be done but you can
subscribe to them at youtube.com slash
it just kidding films and let's see I
also took some pictures of my of like of
different things around here for like a
samsung contest if you want to check out
those pictures link below and also
there's like you know I think if you
vote for me I win I can win like a trip
to New York and stuff and and also the
official music video for a remix I did
for my homie in Vancouver Eric Solomon
that official music video is done it's
for a song called I fell laughs I rapped
a little bit I get my rap ear a pond
that's youtube.com slash Eric Solomon
music if I didn't say that already and
don't forget we're gonna be in Boston
Massachusetts this weekend me and Ricky
shucks hosting and us DJ Akeno deep
fried little crazy Erica David Michelle
my team is Marcus Marshall um we're
gonna be out there performing a mere
Boston Boston we're coming we'll come in
information for that
down below on my new behind my mom's
back there on my new boxer briefs
red ones hey and yeah yeah alright the
rival penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
