um I'm still Vegas and I originally
thought you know I was gonna do the show
on Thursday night and then I was like
I'll just chill in Vegas until Sunday
because I thought a Z Raphael was gonna
be performing at the MGM Grand for the
the final round of the billboard contest
which she beat me out in which I didn't
believe her Moe cuz I thought he would
have been better for it instead of me
you know him with his band instead of me
and Rick running around you know I'm
saying for an award show I would have
liked to have had a DJ and my DJ that I
wanted to hit up couldn't make it
anyways not important I'm still in Vegas
called AJ this morning like a dog what
time do you get here for the show and
he's like and he's like oh he's like I
get there on Monday bro I perform on
Wednesday so now I'm just gonna here in
Vegas chillin for no reason which is
fine which is fine you know why I get
more work done when I'm in hotel rooms
children you know so um you know I just
been chillin man woke up mad late
ordered some room service we're going
through emails it is a vlog I think
wrist rolls gonna come get some dinner
like with me right now we're gonna go
grab so yeah wrist rows no I'm not
kidding
the people love you is bros gotta you
gotta whenever i kick it with you I
gotta show your face a little bit huh I
know I got it I got it you know and we
drank punch and got some burgers and she
yeah I'm taking a nap
you better not you better not I know I
know I'm I'm fully dressed we ordered a
pizza right she's also fully dressed
yeah yeah we're just chillin we didn't
repeat that we're just two men we're not
having sex guys you know I'm a virgin
too oh we're both going to take my
virginity tonight
ever okay turn the camera okay oh okay
so I'm on blogtv with wrist rows I
announce we're chillin before we go to
Marquis and we're on blogtv we have
eight hundred and twenty-five people
watches right now
thank you thank you for this pen thank
you sir
thank you pen thank you so I'm trying to
explain to my Twitter followers that we
were talking about how we like vaginas
that look like the tiny but little like
little W exact you don't know what I'm
saying you're gonna draw a picture right
now hold on hold it
look wait matter of fact let's say
that's the waistline right yeah and then
that's the thing just like that yeah no
W Oh like that you know saying no no
gavage because people on Twitter didn't
understand what I was saying so look
what happened after I'm I'm putting I
drew a picture and I put the pen down
but little heaven should I drink it that
wasn't on purpose you're not gonna get
ink poisoning you okay
I mean see em up to this
so means Julian went to the club and
then I left I left to Julian and kind of
ran into a group I ran into a big group
of like fans like people that know me
from YouTube and stuff so I kind of
chilled with them for the shochet I
chilled with them for a little bit and
then I just kind of like I left I got in
a cab and I came home
Donald's I got a double cheeseburger in
the filet-o-fish and a small fry and a
sweet scene um I mean I'm not drunk or
anything I just felt like leaving I
didn't know where Julian was and he
don't know where I was so I just came
back home texted him I told him you know
yo son I'm back in the hotel I'm chillin
and now I'm just kind of you know on
YouTube chillin watching my homies while
I eat this food I'm getting mad fat man
I'm trying to get sexiest shit I'm so
Vegas out man I'm done with Vegas for at
least a week
but yeah Boston next week yeah mm-mom
chasing a cat what did a time that's why
she's chasing the cat in Long Beach
getting some Japanese buffet with my
family because that's what we do on
Monday nights and I'm saying my dad oh
let me show you how to show him how to
crap a cracker a crab leg well mmm
can you hold the camera for
I check this out let me show you how to
do it there's a lot you guys don't know
how okay you know how fresh should break
off this this part at the end so you can
loosen up the whole leg all right
and I crack it right here right after
the joint why because what happens is
fail okay you do something wait wait
wait wait that wasn't a good leg that
wasn't a good leg okay okay I'm out of
crap see like I thought you thought of
it
what happened same same stay right okay
there we go there we go okay yeah that's
my thing we're not perfect but that's
how you do it there's a trick to if you
got the meat in there instead of just
picking at it and trying to crack it get
your fork and this is what I do all the
time you just do that and you open it up
and there you go there's all the meat
right there cool check out this gangster
decal I got from my Mac man for my
little MacBook there order it online
special I'm not gonna tell you where cuz
you can't have it haha Marilyn Monroe is
probably the only white girl that I
really really like I'm like mm-hmm
her butt was so big for a white girl you
know no well not now I know she's dead
now you're so funny
the rival penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
