sometimes you just want some ice cream
somebody oughta realize how serious I
take my parodies my weird out you know
saying I grew up watching parodies like
Weird Al where when you watch the
original one and the one that came after
that it would be like identical you'd be
amazed by that shit you know and as a I
feel like as a comedian and a musician I
want to make sure my parodies are on
point so Rick just cut my hairs Rick the
barber Calvin
take out good thing as you can see back
here this is the backyard where we've
shot many videos like you're not black
and homie Valentine's Day that porno
where Rick and play I'm not gonna I'm
not gonna supposed to be I'm gonna cut
that out I'm gonna cut that name
okay so I know I just got back from
Vegas but now I'm going back to Vegas
again for a few days because mix TV I'm
going with mix for this hey that'd be
driving what's happened if I can be my
dad and driving to Vegas they'll
actually gonna hop on this plane dang a
girl on an ass yeah what do you think
about the the furry shoes I bought
that's how I was in Vegas I am gonna
wear them I'm gonna wear them in a video
and that video will like make that back
you know it's an investment so I just
landed in Vegas and I ran into Georgia
named bro Austin chain hasta que three
white people watch my videos two guys
they say we should be watching visual no
man I understand it understand a
redheaded white guys do with this thanks
for watching man appreciate you bro ooh
look at the room no it's kind of odd you
couldn't give me the flat screen come on
son
oh yeah it's kind of nice yeah I got a
big-ass bed you know for all the
prostitutes so you can all roll around
and sniffing cocaine off of each others
butts and stuff
Oh Vegas baby oh yeah I got my boy
Julian again y'all might remember him
from some past vlogs and yes yes we all
in Vegas I wasn't even really trying to
go out I was trying to kick it in the
room but but he said too bad
don't you know drink and drive kids hey
drink while you drive don't drunk and
drive don't drunk and drive that's right
so we're all here not to perform for
this little mix showcase being there it
is mix TV setting up I'm in the sandwich
ergo show my outfit oh and gets it no
hay setup no no no I was telling us you
look like okay so with someone you got
on now because I'm saying she looks like
like a boxer wait you is to the you is
shiny shorts or the reflection is
talking up my side unison okay
doesn't look like a boxer like a little
boxer we're trying to talk here we're
trying to talk here a tiny asian girl
you guys I mean girls sexy ass I haven't
seen too much I know bro it's good to
summon man that's good see two men we
are matching with the red the POV this
is the POV for all the ladies out there
yeah that's right there Yogi's and
abbreviations they use in porn for a
point of view 40 very good okay dope
lobster buffet sea otters crazy boozy
rich stuff that we're rubbing on right
now as you can see with all the details
Joseph Vista is about to try his first
ever raw oyster is it raw
is it wrong I don't know is wrong okay
you know Mike's wrong you man
yeah no water right here just don't stop
liking the mouth shut
ah
thoughts
that texture is really weird yeah you
got to be ready for if you call the
loogie in your mouth that's why they're
good David to hear it is so soft it
smells so good are you feeling bro we
think he had an allergic reaction to no
oysters no no no but you're good oh
you're good well your ID I did not peer
pressure him into even we wanted to try
I wanted and he encouraged something I
woke up save it there we go yeah what's
good here we go Knicks TV mix TV makes
easy Erica yeah we've got here we've got
look at excess booty look at this would
Tigers would look at woody
I'm getting interviewed by Nikki Sun for
Vic's TV and while she's interviewing me
so it's like a but intense man
some man Joseph Vincent got these dope
badge yeah we got all this free stuff
that's how we do
it's not
summer ever 21 shopping with Tracy Nova
hi do you want to like shout out any
Twitter's or Tracy Nova follow her she's
a go-go and she is hot and she has
little jean shorts on and yeah so there
you go it's my homegirl Vegas trying on
some sort on girls
they're packaged too big for it I'm like
totally not recording your face the
Royal penis is clean your highness Thank
You King shit
