Oh doesn't smoke
that's not whoa it is a hot hot hot day
in California right now as you can see
the temperature is 92 degrees hot but uh
I'm bout to go have a little business
meeting pick up my check
yes I'll pick up checks because I'll
make money doing my YouTube shit
so after I picked up my check I didn't
really feel like sitting through traffic
so I decided to just kind of go to
Venice Beach and chill on the beach full
of it just kind of sit you know relax
because you're not everybody get to just
chill yeah
by myself sometimes you just need some
alone time you know especially me as the
only child I really kind of value my
alone time by myself to just kind of
relax contemplate life and shit you know
look at seagulls hey what'd he call a
seagull that flies by the bay a bagel
oh look at this number right here hey
that's a tall drink of water and I am
Thursday
just fine what's up with girls and not
responding to text messages like
sometimes when a girl will say like hey
let's hang out Friday and then they
can't make it and you're texting her all
day like hey what's good what's good was
good she doesn't respond all day calls
go to voicemail
and then she hit you up the next day oh
my god I fell asleep come on cut that
bullshit man the curb as they say quick
curving man like a guy would much rather
you just say hey I can't make it tonight
let's reschedule then have me over here
getting ready to shit trying to look
cute hitting you up blowing you up all
day all you gotta do is say I can't make
it you know saying so I'm not my efforts
aren't wasted and also what's up with
girls texting you saying hey what are
you doing and then when I say oh nothing
just chillin I'm over here at whatever
whatever what are you doing they don't
respond like that's happen like spice
the sweet to me where a girl would hit
me up saying hey what are you doing I'm
like elves children doing this and this
and that what are you doing and they
don't respond like if you do that ladies
I don't know how regular got brain
thinks about how my brain thing brain
thinks is that you were hitting me up
just to get some penis and when you find
out that I'm not home you don't want to
respond anymore that's I'm gonna assume
that about you if you chew if you start
a conversation with me and then don't
keep on responding because that's what
what else could it be you know I'm
saying you were trying to get some dick
I wasn't where you wanted me to be so
you're like okay never mind I'm just
gonna go not I'm gonna go did all my
little China you know I'm saying come on
ladies respond it's not that hard
8:08 Alonza boulevard paramount
california nine zero seven two three
you want to come support my dad if you
love my dad you want to get some Thai
food it's the best Thai food in town man
my Bruno Mars parody the lazy song it's
the horny song got all the homies here
Ricky Sachs there you go
Andrew Garcia of American Idol Victor
crew of America's best of Tim crews I
broke up the water boy it's gonna be
crazy yeah a little production here yo
check this out
it's a gold rapper but they're not
magnums so you can carry around a gold
rapper and girls think you got magnums
but if they're not magnums did that joke
John no it's great John fuckin na yeah I
check this shit out this shit out it's
sour cream and guacamole and salsa and
all is all in one prepackaged things
blue just crazy you bought that didn't
you I can't see you play on the fifth
yeah how you feeling over there homie
roll wraps we're done one thing get that
stare Rick get that shit Rick get that's
it Eric
Oh get that shit Peter yeah
okay everybody professional and sick
this dude is like dancing like a foot by
foot radius man yeah yeah okay
kill his citric kill his citric oh great
he heard of me putting this shit back in
the car I mean this wasn't mind a buy it
for the music video shoot but uh you got
a little Becky here and yeah man just
walking Chile you know you blow up dog
my guitar so I just like my keys in my
trunk like an idiot ah what are we gonna
do what am I gonna do Becky huh what am
I gonna do
so-called service people may unlock the
car for me got my keys and now we're all
me and you Eric Becky Rick we're all
going to the mall and show got some
Frank awesome Frank can go to the mall
cut it straight
she this is 80%
proof homie I'm putting Becky in the
house right now for you dad Becky Becky
have you yeah so it was a long long day
filming shopping chillin chillin with
the lovely Andrew Garcia here and we
having a slumber party gonna paint shows
nails and gossip and pillow fight and go
down each other and uh tomorrow we go to
Vegas school the Hard Rock Show and
Vegas people come through it's about to
be crazy Pacquiao fight the show's
before the Pacquiao fights their own
ship it's not gonna interfere with that
so yeah come to come party with us let's
get wasted let's catch some diseases 40
40 40 40 the Royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
