check this out at LAX right and check it
out it's tay zonday dad right there
chocolate right hold on look at me bro
look at me bro you messing it up our
look at me you might be in this too bro
so miracle is stepping on the playwright
and we just saw Kathy sitting in first
class she look so good hungry dude dude
I'm Holliman right now I'm hinder up on
birds airplanes you can text someone in
another seat if you know their seat
number about to hit her with the tix see
see you can't read it but it says so I'm
a little asian in the beanie if you get
bored on the flight hit me up still
waiting on response smarter than just
don't okay first class yeah we're in New
York guys concrete jungles where James
made up so I came up here I was like a
Yoda happy way to get to the roof
because I want to shoot my empty
showcase wrap up here and we told we had
to go to like three different staircases
but Rick Rick doesn't do roofs New York
City man
at Staten uptown what now let's make it
happen that's from the welcome to
Atlanta remix
and you still
so we in the car bumping some arrogant
David I didn't go to their show but
crazy air guard to have the party right
now for their show what sterling
sterling big rig back there and we know
you can't see him back there no need to
make any jokes Karina we're come over
here get some street meat yeah Johnson
with that is you in the light goes out
to lose it thank you thank you for
watching yes thank you yeah thank you so
much so I was gonna do it my cypher part
over there but mad loud so I was like
let me walk over here it's a little more
narrow ricochet brick brick is not
feeling this location right now this
rollercoaster ride it's so pretty though
so I have to be in New York for a few
times I finally got to see the Statue of
Liberty's way it's right there she's way
smaller than I expected her to be but
you know it's all good still pretty and
we over here at a where we're
up here yeah you gotta about but so is
your teeth and money like got Rick here
eliana and yeah we're chillin chillin
flowers five dollars son y'all got one
with his new haircut he's been weird
today now would you name another one ok
I want to see you over to new haircut
before paper watch an end up Rick oh I
gotta see the new haircut before I agree
to anything you filming it yeah yeah
let's stop play with this man whats good
one thing they know though
no no different hair I'm sorry wait wait
you guys do it cool what you go son come
on now I got hops rick has hops don't
get on it oh yeah yeah whatever here we
are at the cotton club Harlem seen on me
Ricky legit I'm saying we in harlem new
york not just that uptown city not just
manhattan don't play dumb this real
quick i'm in harlem right we gotta do it
in case these a kiss me yo son damn yo
good the hall i'm eating so good right
now yes look at Dante's y'all oh wait
times right here
okay okay he's good so me Rick I told
him I was hungry so we're going with
there's the Empire State Building right
there so we just walk in the streets in
New York trying to find some late-night
food before we fly out tomorrow or some
good Laden is dead apparently you'll
have these kids to domestic arrived
safely this it is this right here that
like right there I know but I'm sick oh
yeah all right so what's the last night
in New York and of course me a rig gotta
go hard go crazy city never sleeps um so
you know we got some wendys and i'm on
facebook and Rick's online as well and
well you can't see what Rick looking at
dicks all right whatcha watching man vs
food look you do the guy's sick has a
break I'm Rick oh it's cuz i'm wearing
his hat and his and his chains when I
are these change these necklaces in his
a letterman jacket so we're back in LA
New York was beautiful
but my living close my eyes take me away
to paradise my dad the songs about
masturbation
bring back and really bringing back the
memories you know you still do it yeah
the royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
