oh I said what's up girl I got what you
need
would you like my hot dog maybe a
Slurpee over 24/7 so just tell me when
and if you come back I'll make you come
again well shut up through the CD cap
for hooking me and my boys up with some
tickets attention from our concert
tonight at the Staples Center
oh is it what's up Todd we are fans
everywhere bring it in Eric in the dick
show recorded that
Hey
got a lot of Ages fitted there so
and
you
as soon as you today with the lovely
Gina darling what's that girl Hey Oh
Oh what you doing oh oh shit when I
supposed to get this on camera oh my god
oh my so huh
we got it we got a skit today that I'm
doing of course you know me I don't
usually do sexual humor but today we
don't switch it up we don't switch it up
today
fuck it hey there what you would switch
it eh
oh my God look oh my god true I'm in one
word
hey what before before just kidding news
there was a just the just kidding
brothel yeah chill with the mother son
ha ha ha ha
Oh Gina pulled out all the little
freaky-deaky things from her collection
little shelter medal roar of happiness
because I've I've I've you got anything
like dominatrix cueing I could put a
collar on you it colors look I got you
photo every new flavor Lou's got it I
think I kind of like this you know I got
to get my little baby's injuries
ok so talk to me
Whitney now good ah I don't like this
please stop they're pretty true than
ever bitch this is not I don't enjoy
this little bit off that is the body
board fucking CC with your elements
directly oh sorry
yo-oh little testy you a cat time oh
that was desperate is kind of I business
kid I don't like how wolf dress every
day I myself cannot believe okay okay
alright oh how is your time you can pop
oh there until you can talk I'm sorry
oh because when you're spoken to only
SMI are you talking to me right now or
am I not feel like oh yeah I'm looking
fine oh well yeah I go Ahead's up oh
sweet okay how did you enjoy your
dominatrix on camera she's faster dad
how did you enjoys on my 33 of a camera
elegiggle nice I really did enjoy it's a
very fulfilling opportunity you're not
good for filming so allow it that's a
little part of the ski yes dad jeans but
and so what I what I didn't tell you is
in Gina's vlogs you know what Gina is
why where can i watch your vlog on huh
uh you can look it up and what is it you
think just look at Jean America back
home splash extroverted good so we what
we we we the whole point of us shooting
askew today was because I thought she
had a pizza costume she thought I had a
FIFA gospel so we had this moment where
she was like you would be the guys were
like I go you got it ready to shut it
sorry I don't know how I don't even know
how this misunderstanding came about but
so with the costume store right now
we're a party city trying to find like a
costume and like when it's not Halloween
it's kind of hard to find a funny
costume but she's seen here right so we
might have to like audible this shit
change planes figure out an alternate
ending because us that's not happening
today
Oh Dec message from a youtuber I've
never actually taken this before you
lame and I mean la loi bra stick you
being in my comments all the time back
in the day focus this humble his wings
good everyone
help me out the workshop it works
department him air will produce all of
you my vision every video but now he
poppy
hey anyway let's go
Bongo you're in order
we are here at stars like they're from
Ottawa like different spots out there
but out here is a lot and our decided
taken from one of the most popular one
where the Korea sound they will I cook
the meat for you you bring out a little
cheese that you can dip your vegetarians
cheap drinks everybody you guys in zoo
enjoy it but so he clears throat
so I always on finagle my way the
beautycon will get three feet on my
cheek the quadrant into I was deaf with
you the other day
student a student some freaky-deaky butt
naked nasty sheet how are here is makeup
freakiest makeup or Tim yes I want my
man feminine yeah lipstick on my nipples
s yeah so do you like using a weird shit
is you know queer weird shit hey go
ahead yeah
so you sit at home always running into
hairs on point Oh baby guess what
oh damn okay okay here ma who need to
handle a few to handle my baby hairs you
next a natural beauty regimen are even
wearing Oh spank today is not just wear
wear lobsters and those things but I do
have my answer
oh yeah tiki bar dig dig enhancers
offensive oh yeah yes he does updates or
wear them to he walk away
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit tonight police
escort shocking game even more shocking
Hong Kong before married life you'll
need to do something crazy
look at that bag we guessed lien
it's time for oh go and rock tonight
naked sushi doesn't know what a weirdo
and whatever the fuck method we guessed
Devon Terrell it's time for oh shit
