so what's up y'all I'm in Hollywood just
grabbing some lunch with a homegirl of
mine I'm not gonna lie man it's kind of
a rough day I'm kind of like irritated
at life right now man it's just some
shit going on a lot of stuff is just
bugging me you know I'm not always super
happy man I have my damn days to and you
know I try to stay positive as much as I
can but sometimes you know shit just
just one of them day comes in okay so so
I'm over here again I'm at maker studios
Peter's editing Angry Birds thing yes
okay
Peter's ending this has to be good anger
bursting when you guys can see we're
talking about guys for those of you who
are kicking up keeping keep kicking up
with a penis the musical we're not doing
a live thing of the movie that we're
taking on tour well we're taking on tour
is the actual movie yeah we're gonna be
going to different theaters across the
country maybe colleges or wherever we
can you know we got to figure that shit
out but like we're showing the movie in
theaters on tour that's the tour and
then you know we said we're taking it on
tour because we're gonna be presenting
them yeah yeah that's what we mean by a
tool yeah and mean greets and you know
merch and all I could shit and yeah and
hugs and stuff you know and kisses and
yeah and so that's what we mean yeah
okay so shut up
Briggs I'm totally gonna wear my beanie
like this funny man ask me why where am
i ha get my business down my head like
that
yeah Jacob look look look look look
what's that ah what's that about son ah
I swear I'm not doing it okay I'm Phil
Mina hey guys I took the red light off
this arica Sato
neither the name I yes and the 50th okay
you look so cute in your little romper
very cute and now she's gonna what are
you shooting me for here unfortunately
we talked about school is cool I'm going
to grad school okay that's like oh yeah
that's better than me yeah but yeah I go
to grad school at USC so I'm gonna film
him because my teachers when I told them
about Timothy DeLaGhetto upset wow they
were upset yeah they don't really go on
YouTube and then why were they are
assess of me
yeah well I told him I was like there's
this guy no he's a YouTube celebrity and
he actually makes money the guy he's
really successful you know like this
video blogs and really what he does is
rap and sing songs and make funny videos
and he does it for a living
cool you don't mind that have the camera
on your face that you're talking to me I
don't care I love it okay you love I
hate that shit
you loved it hey guys oh my god my name
is Timothy DeLaGhetto
is that what I do it like that let's
talk about let's watch my pron video how
did you like that yeah this thing is too
short or egos inappropriate no I'm not
perfect I'm not a perfect I'm not even a
perfect normal I I'm a normal male okay
you know what okay I'm a little I'm a
little perverted that's regular that's
average though that's normal and you
know what it is I kind of uh I I I'm
extra perverted online because I'm
trying to speak on the way to the poor
no no I'm not trying to relate to the
point addicts yeah
I'm speaking on taboo subjects because I
feel that like a like the community
especially Asians in overall don't
really like talk about that it's like
society and so you know like our
families are very like you know like
deny that they even like had us you know
they might pretend that like we came
from a star yeah so that's why I pretend
like I'm at the mall right now I can't
tell some I'm writing for this song what
did you just as we are you know just
Asian but I rap like a black it was
obvious spitting spitting spitting on us
wait you gotta make her do that again
I got my beanie back on sexy mo what's
funny dog okay so it's 120 just got home
from the studio got some Taco Bell but
to edit this vlog and then tomorrow got
a pack cuz Rick and I are going to Shh
Rick and I are going to New York this
weekend issued a video with dime-a-dozen
for a song and dimes and I did called
fly young gentlemen so New York what's
up you might see me walking around Times
Square or where the shops all right you
might see me walking around the street
but uh yeah see you there peace good
night y'all good night
the Royal penises clean your highness
Thank You King shit
