Superman
hey hey girl hey you what you going
you need to ride away hey hey get back
here bitch
so I'm on my way to Beverly Hills once
again with Rick
oh no it's Eric you like does this
recompression voice agree you should
know by now youtube.com slash super EEE
go
knowing since high school as I say all
the time in our vlogs but you know I
know uh there's always somebody who has
questions stuff like we it was it is
that the chocolate bitches guy yes the
choler Adventures guy I went Beverly
Hills hey hey palm trees
so my dad my dad has been telling me he
wants to do this recompression for the
longest time here we go here's my dad as
Rick spot spot I was trying to get
footage of my mom telling Rick that you
healthy good with math buddy so my mom
just handed friggin apples a giant and
said this is your lunch an apple a day
keeps the doctor away is what she said
after that all day that one Apple all
day it'll keep the doctor away all right
I'm out here shooting a music video for
after-school specials remix of future
rock stars
hey hey this is nice you in the video
Casey right here this is I'm just here
to hoping this Marcellus Wallace cost
ahead so yeah I'm trying to make sure he
doesn't get these pimples and I'm saying
get that lighting right I get that
oh yeah yeah what does that say what did
I say what did I say he's super police
baby
so I finished my performance part they
had laying on the ground dirty and shit
but it's okay I'm a gangster now here's
the filming this part so we only in
Hollywood at the words house this is the
word we're gonna do some recording right
now what song I wrote so EMB this is the
Rick and now we're gonna hear we said
Rick the word has sunglasses on and not
only are we indoors but it's also
nighttime and oh wait why are you
wearing sunglasses okay other than that
enhances my cool oh good usually on a
day-to-day basis we'll get two and a
half points any give another day to be
somewhere around 10 so what's up y'all I
was a long day I'm actually you know
what no you know I've been meaning to do
a letter like a video for everybody who
sent me stuff to my PO Box for a long
time now and some kid made me this man
and I hope I didn't lose the letter cuz
I really liked this thing he made me
it's like it's really dope so thank you
to this kid if you're watching this I
still got to go through everything but
um yeah I'm actually gonna I'm packing
right now as you can see my room is
atrocious it's a mess as always I have
my returning containers in this will
have a little Lisp right now but um yeah
I'm gonna be in Canada for the weekend
I'm not gonna tell you what part cuz the
secret and I'm not gonna tell you with
who because that's also a secret home
but yeah you can look at my stickers on
my door and yeah
friggin Rick and I will be in New York
at the end of the month I had to shoot
use a video with dime-a-dozen and then
May 7th
School of Hard Rock's in Las Vegas where
could David and many many more
so yeah and I'm gonna be everywhere this
month man I'll be in Vegas a lot and
then I'm gonna be in Boston School of
Hard Rock's again hosting something in
Vancouver so yeah and oh yeah
congratulations to AJ my boy AJ who made
it to the next level in the Billboard
contest will be performing in Vegas so
yeah man I got a pack but I love y'all
and have a good night the Royal penis is
clean your highness thank you
King shit
