okay so I just left the doctor's office
to get checked for STDs or whatever
right where sti's is what they're called
now and and I like to go every few
months or so just to get checked just to
be safe you know I use condoms and stuff
but you never know you get you can get
diseases from head and stuff to just you
never know just to be safe you know I
lightly symptom something like that so I
went and you know they took my blood
took my hearing and whatnot and so
there's this chick in there who was
asking me the first you know questions
whatever do you drink and do drugs and
then she's like well hey I'm a medical
student is it okay if I sit in while the
doctor checks you out I'm like sure
that's fine and you know so doctor asked
the regular questions hate the ebony
bombs anything like that I'm like no no
it's fine
he's like well you know you think you
don't want me to just check you out just
just you know she sure my yeah sure go
ahead
so so he freaking you know so my junk is
out in front of this chick who was just
kind of watching the whole thing dude so
hot I had to like fight off an erection
the whole time the fact that she wasn't
really supposed to be there and was
watching me with my penis out so friggin
high oh here we are in LA for our
homegirl Joanne's birthday here's the
three dogs ceiling fan my favorite part
of LA Street dogs well thank you
so we left the club early cuz that she
was wack it's a beautiful
so I'm here grabbing some lunch at uh at
my family's restaurant with the lovely
Erica is Erica or every good we've been
communicating these Twitter's I don't
know
Arica Sato yeah so hi and no eat it's
okay and she's gonna be the star of one
of my next gifts that I'm writing and
it's gonna be dope and I'm gonna like
have her scantily clad it's gonna be
awesome if you don't mind my being
exploited right no I mean yes okay so
what's up y'all
guess what I'm doing today guess what
we're doing today we're off to go
continue shooting for high school sucks
the musical I know what what what when
did what I know I know
look man we never be technical
difficulties some production problems
we're back on track now it's still gonna
come out we're looking at a June release
as the plan we still have some like
final scenes we need to shoot but
Hospital sucks a musical is still coming
especially since one of the guys that
was producing a lot of the music for the
musical got killed to rest in peace to
the air so he got killed in a fight so
recipes to him and also remember y'all
you never know what can happen man
appreciate life life is beautiful life
is short so we're back on the set it's a
different set same movie from five years
ago high school sucks of the movie of
the musical whatever it's called I
forgot already
everyone's here everyone
upskirt okay we just saw your underwear
I just saw your girl yeah so Pablo is
gonna come out like Chris Brown do it
bro I love you
this ain't the honeymoon
that's the infatuation phase for me look
at these gays leaders do so good dance
battle Chris Brown Chris Brown yeah I
wanna kiss now
oh yeah Pablo Pablo wins
pablo wins oh yeah
oh yeah yes say that bids some over here
Cerritos get us a fortune cookie
hell yeah a musical way an interesting
musical opportunity is in your new
future write some high oh oh okay watch
your cookies telling me some good shit
right
and then Rickover's of his with self and
interesting musical opportunity to see
new people
either the fortune cookies lately or we
are both about to find a bunch of free
CD I got a lot of these Oh
Rocksteady hey what's up man wait wait
coming from tonight on sweets you go hi
they are stopped by the restaurant say
what's up appreciate it man thank you
thank you Miss Fortune good food yes yes
dad what are you doing man the royal
pain is this clean your highness thank
you King shit
