so I woke up this morning I was in a
super mood for some pozole my Mexican my
Hispanic people know what the Soleil is
so me and Ray representing what was the
tacos always awkward so we went to this
little local Mexican spot called that is
that bad and it's like Mexican asking
like we'd only be like not Mexican up
here
yeah the mariachis music screech they
stop kicking the soccer ball around yo
hell yeah got my posole freaking wick
wick is eating them what'd I say while
wearing watches I got the fresh posole
zon it's how we do this one's dedicated
to Timothy it's my boy passion Jeremy
he's dope super talented one of the
first people I've ever known to put
stuff on YouTube get muse
yo Timothy you came in my room just to
be with me and now we're making our
mushrooms wait what does that even mean
Timothy skeet skeet cheese is green
Samiha Rick been going through little
meetings all day on Venice Beach
we got a couple hours to kill before
waxes show tonight at the Viper Room in
Hollywood so we're going to the Beverly
Center small right here to kill some
time you know so we're out here in
Hollywood Hollywood she's so lucky Fox
she was
but I guess one bit wasn't enough but
she's so fine she used to be one
now she Fox News and so it's 5:25 a.m.
and I'm on my way to Minneapolis
Minnesota for some events and some shows
out there gonna meet up with J rise and
d arick david clara see a bunch of
beautiful talented people and yeah i
think that just was driving i guess it
was driving without your glasses man be
careful don't don't
careful bbm my bbm at me but y'all don't
know what it is no I'm in Minneapolis
chillin with some cool people over there
I said but they fed me this giant drink
and I'm trying to get sexy but they took
me to Chipotle we get fat and drunk guy
here in Minneapolis that's how y'all do
it right yeah the green stuff all day
what's up baby I'm here I'm checked into
the hotel the hotel is nice man it's
called the a loft or something
check it out man they gave me a couple
beds for the groupies and stuff got a
sexy little view outside see downtown
right there sexy little bathroom over
here you know as you can see toilets and
uh sex a little Asian in the mirror I
don't get fat I'm on getting fat y'all
I'm working on it okay I'm trying to get
sexy shit relax okay so we bout to meet
you now got a little crazy rats behind
me
it comes from a busy road his name is
Moe fucking fucking beanie on your
fucking ski hi I'm back in my hotel room
chillin and I'm gonna go to sleep now by
the Royal penis clean your highness
Thank You King shit
