packing for Orlando staying up late for
him I'm stupid
watching the wood one of my favorite
movies coming up as a boy I got my
retainers in we're at the airport right
now about to get on this plane will it
be the hi I'm Ron over there was ready
watts and you can see go down oh I'm
sorry
you got householdhacker and smith karate
chop over there
mystery guitar man down there somewhere
home PD follow back well swells over
there is Danny diamond
Cecily there goes mystery guitar man
easy to spot the only asshole with
sunglasses on indoors hey look guys I'm
on a plane with a passenger on a bus
full youtubers on my way trying to go
party in these annoying ass fans kimono
guys ting-tong ting-tong ting-tong
ting-tong what's up and what's up sweat
sweat sweat sweat sweat sweat coat is
that cooking I'm cooking I gotta go
party I go to a party laughs yeah yeah
mom Jason and Aimee disobey me
hi guys
I'm over here I'm in this and in this
I'm in this Chevy car and I'm doing I
know what I'm doing companies thank you
thank you I'm doing like a Friday
karaoke just lights and cameras and okay
stop Ford Lux four of clubs to feel it
make sure it's a real card this is a
real card yes nothing on the back
there's nothing on the back no I got
watch I'm gonna make it disappear okay
it's gone it's back that was really lame
okay okay uh-huh Oh make sure it's still
real it in this is really there are
nothing on the back there's nothing on
the back no watch I'll do it with this
one too
let's grab it and drag it from here but
take a can just drag it right over you
can check it out make sure it's legit
car babysit card now you can stop me on
any of these cards please stop me on
that one right yes this is true let's
shake it shake it up actually goes back
that's amazing rose amazing good job so
my boys going down swoozie oh six is the
YouTube channel commenting on what do
you think now it's saying dude you look
a lot buffer in person I'm not gonna lie
so lady said let's do a piece of cotton
I said fucking let's go on board can you
record this for me yeah Danya she
dropped portraits of you can present it
so they're really good okay normally
cartwheels she's going through
cartwheels she draws portraits and she
does cartwheels okay got cakes yeah but
see okay you lost weight and you look
great yeah but but before she lost
weight her booty it's the frigging it's
the Russian is it do I see girls no it's
okay that's usually how it works
yes it's life it's the universe ways
both sometimes so it's friggin like 5:30
in the afternoon and P flow is just
waking up good morning everybody go to
the pool with me bro a little bit that's
pretty nice wait where we go the Golden
Corral which is like Hometown Buffet
where they paid for it for these people
was like we got something la these
lovely ladies hi
it wasn't him and Pedro Danielle Flores
or Peter or Peter slow is unknown and
yeah
so I'm back in the room now chillin
everybody was in the hot tub I got in
the hot side for a little bit but I need
to go to sleep man but that's what I'm
talkin about baby girls gone wild
infomercials been a long time since I
masturbated to one of these I think it's
about time again yo so we here live from
Orlando play this live make some noise
so I just performed a playlist live
interesting experience for many reasons
one reason being I've never performed
the first Asian boy for a room of young
white girls before so the house agents
think too
I've also never performed my rock onesie
in or Z or with a room with parents
there cuz you know we say like stuff
like spray their face like my cock was
an Uzi bitches want to hump me and yeah
it's fun definitely fun
so events almost over what's up man see
what's up so man Jim damager mascot City
Lake County all day you know we're just
worked
Dave days was talking shit so I fucked
them up that's what happened
yeah okay I could show them the finished
product Hey so I'll just land in LA here
the rival penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
