haley a water source for another
community is where they get their shower
on and there wat laundry on and their
drink on somebody hey oh hey you're so
i'll stick a stick it is that way get
they started calling white people
honkies
wait up
oh yeah get it with that
Oh
this was all empty after the earthquake
and one of the groups and his responding
started handing out a few tents so
everybody just came over and flopped up
you're waiting for their chance where's
everyone's lives ii enough for now it's
just rounded you see how far my gosh
it's not very far i'd said this was all
empty and then people show up with tarps
open for can see the tarps throw it away
good luck little bit later
here we are staying the night and
port-au-prince Haiti IOT this is the
view from our hotel is kind of nice
right but down there yo down there is
craziness man it's like cutting x 10
down there it's no joke katie is no joke
said dude vidya time we're chillin at
Laura's friends house over here in
port-au-prince Angela video hi no I okay
yeah no mmm they got them you open your
video please are you doing good so she
did her hair yeah yeah yeah Oh get it
get it get it done Jay yeah
we in the middle is ever enough is dead
what's up y'all I'm in the heart of
Haiti right now and this in somebody's
like front yard we just had a bunch of
beers in chicken dance to dissipation
music it's real hood out here it's real
anybody that's that I didn't have sweet
credit I got street cred now baby I'm in
Haiti so it's our last night in Haiti
we're gonna grab some food that's right
right drank okay chillin Madonna Cyrus
uh hunker green lisanova our new friends
and yeah man beautiful huh yeah I know I
know that but soon hurry I knew that hey
yeah under that my sister the soul and I
got some ramen some support shit yeah
I've had one not good oh my god but I
could drive you home right now I really
could still join our way to the airport
last day hey t what's going on
Elijah Wood okay walk walk to the
airport walk to the airport and uh yeah
hey we're gonna yeah what's up y'all I'm
back from Haiti and you know I just want
to thank water.org and Haiti outreach
for giving me the opportunity to travel
to Haiti and document what everybody was
going through to get clean water and
stuff like that if you go to my dot
water.org / Timothy you can actually
keep up with the community that um that
I've logged about on my main channel if
you go to my main channel right now
youtube.com / timothy delaghetto too
there's a there's a video where I kind
of explore a little more in depth and
and it's in a better quality camera but
that was the community that was assigned
to me the community of fun 10 and you
can actually go to my dog water org
slash Timothy and and you can you can
like basically follow them and keep up
with their process of building their
well and how everything is going with
their well and how their community is
ISM is is is is maintaining it and if
the water is working out well for them
but yeah you can check that out and um
you know my heart goes out to Haiti man
my heart goes out to Japan my heart goes
out to everybody who's been struggling
and stuff you know and I'm just grateful
for the opportunity to help in any way
that I can and um you know and of course
you know you can you're welcome to
friggin donate I'm sure there's a button
on there somewhere to donate water org
and um yeah thanks for watching my Haiti
adventure in vlog form it's uh it's
raining and it's really scary outside in
LA right now lightning and shit but but
i'm just gonna hug this pillow pet
