whatever y'all is Timothy DeLaGhetto and
if you're only listening you're missing
out because she's about to get lit with
my boy David so you are not going to
believe what we did with some balloons
it's pretty sick
speaking of sick fullscreen and AT&T
have paired up to bring you some great
content mainly my show and if you're an
eligible aging T Wireless customer you
can get a whole year of fullscreen at no
extra cost check out both screen calm
slash 18c for more details and enjoy the
show
ah nothing like giving the open road you
know I'm saying what what is that man
got a new bike bro for real yeah yeah oh
gee yeah yeah alright alright yeah see
that that then we look out your midlife
crisis you don't a ring burn burn burn
burn burn burn burn burn really dope
yeah this you wore that to ride that uh
safety first Rick I really hope you fall
off that there hold on a second
got to make sendou and get some the
latest should people know
just leave it nice 12 what's up y'all
welcome back to the dopest show that
comes on Wednesdays on bull being jock
come going raw give it up for my DJ
Ricky shucks
hey hit on with something okay as always
we got a crazy entertaining show for you
guys today
we got one special guest my boy David so
is coming to the show today yay let's
see we got just the tip where we answer
your relationship and sex advice
questions and also we got a special
entertaining little fun game we do at
the end it's about to be super dope
you're gonna love it
all right probably okay play over
yeah Rick I don't like you no this is
the part of the show where we look at a
pic or video clip or gift from the week
and we discuss a vowel hang out oh damn
oh that is disgusting
shouldn't run right in the face Oh was
last time you shoot yourself Oh
last time I shit myself I was 19 years
old I just eaten a cheeseburger combo at
this burden okay one last time you
sharted Christmas is the Christmas I was
on my way to your house okay right
before I got to your door I sharted
really yes and then I just when your
house antic shit and then I disposed of
my underwear outside and the remainder
of my Christmas was commando I remember
the last time I really started like a
significant shart I was at a brunch spot
with the dude I had the crab Benedict
and he was telling me this long-ass
story I forget about what but it was
like he was like he likes to tell these
longer stories I was sitting there he
doesn't know the story and like I
thought I was going to poop real quick
and I was like oh it hit him like I was
trying to like let him get through a
story but like he was in the middle to
telling you something I was like hold on
I'm gonna pee I forgot it
shut up in my hand it came back clean
myself up and like handle business
that's perfect speaking of things that
look like this the word of the day is
swirl
because my dude David sells them so
today get on the Shelf sit for himself
all the time though he has a little ice
creamery type spot that they said called
drips and swirls Anna so we're gonna see
if we can get him to say the word which
he will of course because we chose a
really easy word so to agree mom I'm
good
alright now we're going to bring out one
of my favorite people on YouTube i f
with this guy he's hilarious he's a
comedian he's aging which is always good
he's in a movie coming out called gook
make some noise for my boy David so yo
what's up slim weight and weight as well
as back y'all have some proof of your
enough okay love you can go wherever
think you know what some drink you wanna
be anyone why do you want a shot of
honey what do you want yo you got your
branded mmm-hmm I'll be good let me let
me let me pour something you know real
quick you know you know gonna take
everything I am yeah yeah so how it
works in Korean culture you're not
supposed to pour your own side exactly
so I perfect how it is though is that
because you are my son bit I'll haunt
you the older G I got a pork for you
first
Oh someday yeah so you uh you gotta take
it first okay I appreciate and then I
pour it for myself word okay so I want
you to pull it for me it's out of
respect right I did not know this and
then I'm gonna do that and then thank
you that's why I don't look at you
because I'm ashamed in myself so I don't
look at you okay and we tell you like oh
that's real that's awesome but I'm doing
it in 12 years you have a drink enjoy
fell off the wagon okay that's funny I'm
actually Nakhla Holly would you bring me
over lately
lit a real tato McDonald's you should be
sponsoring right here I've been seeing
you guys sponsor people like I don't
know Wong foo Oh changes they don't eat
McDonald's nothing I say they dint do we
had this whole conversation right I was
telling like McDonald's thinks that they
should fuckin sponsor people who are
wholesome no piece of shit eater stuff
Jason Chan got me I do know he did it -
I didn't get one oh he was supposed to a
lady I don't know if he did I'm gonna be
playing some Buffalo I ride for
McDonald's so hard like I don't even
care you gonna are you are you want some
on a die right now or well I gave up on
them God doesn't want me to be skinny so
let's check it it up cheers bro cheers
us thank you and he were the spokesman
for Kaiser
Kim because I tell you though what
happened with that so I am gonna get
back on the pile of me shit but I
thought them I back in classes so I
don't wait for the last surgery that
I'll be fine when you got some does
Allah ya know them driving cars man
why was driver to myself problems what
happened so big this is kind of funny
not funny when it would happen but
driving there was a big rig mm-hmm
doesn't see me I'm coming up I so he
signals when I'm already there you know
what I mean and so I'm oh he's gonna
come in imma let this dude in he doesn't
give a fuck he just comes right into the
lane oh there's a car to the side of me
car behind me too so I'm stuck so I'm
dead at this point yeah I'll a fuck it
but then I see the car behind me
realizes what's going on slams those
brakes
I slammed mine and he just Clips my
front oh yes I could have died you could
have enjoyed so I came out to the dude
and you know it's Mexican cat yeah I'm
like oh why do I know that cuz it's LA
yeah great it's LA it's a message people
work harder they drive trucks green food
but so the dude comes up my bro you
didn't see him he goes fuck it i
signaled Oh what does that mean do it
like I'm still here and I got it because
but I didn't know oh my god that wasn't
only reasoning damn kill me you know
craziest my first big car accident it
was also the big rig yeah I totaled the
car but here's the thing it was part
yeah the big rich motherfucker I was
going to say that rescue a car
good kids Louis stupid I was 15 just got
my permit yeah I was going to see some
girl and I was on my little it was it
was like a Nokia phone so I said right
and I was driving the big rig was parked
on the street so if you don't move
you're just kind of heading straight for
it you know saying so my dumbass I'm
texting I look down and when I looked up
I was already heading straight for the
big rig I didn't realize that they had
already started doing this so I like I
was like if I if I tried to break it
wouldn't have been on time because I was
going too fast
although all I could do is go shit and
then like it's most like the right side
of my car I didn't get hurt at all but
the whole right side of my shit was like
fucked up
that's fucking crazy if he had a
passenger they was yeah that could have
been you
yeah yeah yeah I want to get the fucking
funny story though of course you know
Bart - crazy human being but this will
be telling me stories that are super
casual in his mind but it's not normal -
he was like normal human being okay so
he goes yo so I got into his car
accident and for some reason when I was
a teen or whatnot this car was coming in
and I thought it was a t-bone me so in
my mind I was like I'm gonna absorb the
force of this car so this bull kind of
shoulder tackle a card love it I'm not
even feeling it but he was lucky to the
car didn't contact him I was like why
did you think that he goes well what
else was I supposed to do I'm like get a
fuck out of the way you don't try to
stop a car with your fucking shoulder
huh what the hell's wrong with him guys
wow it's funny dude Wow listen how to
pull you know the shot though oh thank
you
you just restarted my alcoholic
tendencies that we can do that on my
show well oh man is a joke it's actually
not I didn't know that Korea nom
condition what did you call me what's
the what's the word for man or you're my
Xiang son yes okay uh who's it for a
song Dumbo's you can't I'm on my song
shit yeah yeah like Korean culture is
all about like respect especially when
it comes like respecting your elders you
know people who put you on so I always
give you a shot first thank you
cheers Cheers like this well thank you
sir mm-hmm you're the first guest who's
been like let IMAP or you would ring
looks like everybody else I feel any one
thing just a gigolo blah no no no but
how it gets done great people don't know
I say no to alcohol either yeah you guys
are the Irish of the Asian community
they're very violent a lot you have red
Cuba Karen oppa you have to do it better
Yeah right what we do over there Kareem
Dale of red hair yeah it's like a
Mongolian gene well you'll see a clean
tooth with like red beards
this shit's weird yeah I want to play
you got a soulless me exactly yeah you
got to the gingers of the Asian
community their Korean people oh sure
you have we drink umbrellas and see the
Sailor go baby will you open the ball
oh no I'm only in filet-o-fish and
riggers shit I would I you know date a
Korean girl you know why whoa
she was cool for a while you know what
they say about paying bills like this
and a Korean woman will suck your dick
and take your soul no they say that
sounds like a good thing
I'll take your soul bow no I'm saying
that they don't have one exactly the
right they may not and they go Korea
it's a play on word exactly but why the
fuck would you did a Korean woman I was
15 and mistakes are made
johnny was my first girlfriend ever he
uh her laughing with Park of course of
course I almost lost my virginity to go
but I chose Matthew I got a you know I
didn't I just remember her parents being
like so mean to her they loved her house
all three people show love I like she
ain't man because it's so completely
different than I explained the people
that go to Korea and then like and and
as opposed to go into Thailand or or if
they go to both yeah like it's so
different not only like traditionally
but also just socially you know I'm
saying because Thai people are super
like open about sexual stuff and they're
very shit yeah you know that I don't I
didn't know about the lady boys that's
about it yeah beautiful lady boys
beautiful yeah because I'm telling you
about but they made me think I was gay
for a second says my dick got hard when
I thought ladyboy no there's nothing gay
about it because the beautiful because
the translation was in Thailand are like
next level yo do the fuckin um lady of
timeline the beauty contest with a
ladyboy that one no that's fucking crazy
yeah it was a ladyboy that one I don't
even know that no guy so how do your
parents feel about all the dirty jokes
you make in your YouTube videos and
stuff like that mm-hm oh my god you
think I got it from
we can write my material bro well it's
your mom cuz that's all when I was
growing up when I was sitting around and
listening to a group of old Thai people
talk it was all dick jokes all the china
jokes everything was about like oh like
oh this is probably limp like you
dissing this and man like everything was
about like just like loose vaginas and
all yours probably staying since
internet it was all just genital jokes
both that's Thai people that's but there
was no positive no little single
everyone was just on a roast each other
oh you think you lamp blah blah you know
you know you lightweight I'm not sure
people knows about you but you're one of
the only tire homies that I know that
actually knows how to speak time most
people don't they don't they just like
when they come that they forget the
whole thing
the Thai language is fucking crazy by
the way mm-hmm that shit sounds like
Vietnamese and a pinball machine dudes I
just fucking crazy dude well it's a lot
of like I can't even imitate it like
it's so unique in it it's very um
inflection heavy yeah um like one
example that my mom always likes to tell
people
okay there's a sentence right it's a chi
Chi kite guy and that means who sells
chicken eggs just like I got all of the
different inflections like Andy wasn't
say um if you were okay so take with it
take for example the word uh ma if you
say ma that means come here this is but
if you say ma like a question that means
dog it's done yeah how many how many
vocal inflections I know like Chinese
has like 400 or I Cantonese those
Cantonese is fucking insane you know
yeah you how many do you guys have man I
don't even know like you know my ties
all right yeah I can I can tell my mom
that I'm hungry yeah okay I can tell her
it cuz it's all one word yeah yeah y'all
are the group I don't
well we all were all done in groups and
recommended yeah funny baby group with
babies all the time like oh my god so
funny me fuck that yeah but that's
that's just how it is model I don't know
like the fancy shit like I couldn't
listen to like I couldn't have like a
political debate
I can't even watching the news I get
confused now sitting with me in Korean
yeah like when they like like if I'm
with the church growing up as a kid and
they were doing like the certain shit I
don't know what the fuck they're saying
the news no idea but it's like casual
conversation and get my point across I
could get it done I know uh you know of
course on young ha sale of course I know
when IX taught me would be useful oh
yeah because I got pissed one time and
she and I was mad because I couldn't get
something that I wanted to say are you
beat you saw and I was like you know
Granger's do that you know right like
that whiny shit yeah that's why I hate
it about like kind of like I didn't grow
up around lot of Korean people except
for like a couple people of charge in
here and they're so there's like this
thing where Korean girls had to discuss
eating that Korean men like in Korea you
know wine oh yeah - I don't understand
what that was about but that's a good
creating that I guess people agree like
a lot yeah totally diesel ups are you
vegans are digging you also call that if
you're acting like a little you're be
just so to call your PETA Soros you have
a new shop called a justice world
well the word of the day my heart that
he got me really scared I was like yeah
what the fuck is going well I know I'm
getting a little drunk but ha ha ha hey
man so you have a ice-cream shop yes I
do
and that's dope I was recently with
Megan Bethune at a wedding and Megan
said that shit is so bomb yo she came
back like two or three times already
no she said she went twice in a day one
yeah dude I had no idea how much that
girl can eat you like hot shit fried
chicken that she went so sheer like
Korean food or some shit mmm everybody
get ice cream with fried chicken and she
came back and shit and I'm a hazard
metabolism because I ran into Megan on
her Tuesday one time uh-huh literally
she was like we just had a mommy burger
but we're bout to go to McDonald's are
you down let me down oh maybe I want
Popeyes
oh yes cheat day okay Popeyes McDonald's
maybe we'll get some ice cream by the
year oh and that's how she stays looking
exactly the same what I doing the wig
and you game you should do and I
understand the white ones your cheat
there everyday the cheat day is life its
lucky life when we thought it was plenty
too late but you see me eating a salad
that's cheating cheating myself out of
what I really would know people used to
ask me they're like yo man yo did you
just eat of a bitch I always just ate
nothin what you should be asking is do I
want to eat it but that's the wrong
question this is delicious by the way
oh man please I love a filet-o-fish bro
look when I was growing up remember you
said you were talking about how much you
like oil fish on a JK news one time
mm-hmm
and um and I remember relating so much
because when I was going up I bought
your left little fish my mom put me onto
that ship but no one in my know none of
the homies ever ordered a fillet up you
know guys could be used to clown bought
the fuck would you get filet-o-fish
and a special sense and like fish and
cheese together it's supposed to be like
a I know thing I know no nobody
all right it's delicious yeah it's so
great I fuckin held it up a little bit
when I get mine I get leaf lettuce and
tomato it makes you feel like you eating
some fancy shit nickel I don't know you
could at you today yo yo you know what
that's like a secret thing like Burger
King says that having your waist shit
but
everyone does it yes yeah is that I
usually get mad like those like this
neighborhood McDonald's I used to go to
and I'll get fries and I like ketchup so
I'm like no can I get extra ketchup too
like how many like this much it takes
like a bitch to fuck is 3 - ketchup
relax like how much do you want
I'm sorry did I take away from you or
something give me my fucking ketchup
that comes out of their check doesn't
give me my kids now because of you give
me my ketchup so I got you and you are
over here you got a movie coming out
oh yeah it's called gook yes Justin Sean
yes super dope thank you so much and
it's not a comedy is not a comedy there
is comedic elements to it but we keep
that comedy super grounded it's a
dramedy in heels like 80% drama 20%
comedy kids Thank You Terrance in your
movie dog thank you bro cheers to your
show this is fucking amazing I don't
start done it's pretty good how many is
this this is for three years ten so tell
us about gook the movie not uh your
people goofer but they're fucking
slant-eyed motherfucking that always ask
for discounts for no fucking reason no
but um gook is a film
yeah we need a Misha cook in the film
that we shot out in South Central so
it's the backdrop of it is basically the
LA riots mhm and so with the Elia rides
people talk about the african-americans
perspective the white perspective but
they don't talk about the Korean
American business or the Asian business
I got fucked up in the rice right which
was crazy so if you look that up you'll
see like a bunch of like Korean people
are roof shooting people down because
people were trying to kill them really
we take them for their shit so it really
talks about like the interpersonal
relationships that we have especially
has Asian Americans within a black
community - and I'll sometimes when two
communities who hurt really bad you kind
of feel your own paint you can't really
empathize with somebody else because
you're worried about yourselves exactly
I don't know but the kid we own a black
beauty supply store and I'll be this is
not all custom multiple customers were
great you know but there was a few that
would look at us like yo why the fuck do
you get to prosper you own this business
you're profiting off our community
right you get to eat while I'm over here
suffering and they didn't know we were
broke as shit
you were just trying to keep the lights
on as well and when they see a business
owner they just see you're prospering
very well right but if they came to our
house and they saw 17 different color
paints you know and all the Korean
roaches running around they wouldn't
have got a good but you know that's
that's what happens within that
community so we kind of just based it on
the characters alone you need those like
blocking relationships and you get to
really relate to these two families that
kind of like light weight not really
come together but you get to see them
understand each other a little bit very
dope yeah so we kind of focused on that
because we don't want to put like
political like you know like backdrops
to any right you didn't want to get too
deep you telling your own story yeah
yeah like you take whatever you want
from it I don't need a beat your head
over the shit right nope that's not that
you can um you can you can deliver a
message without being preachy about it
exactly I don't need a priest anybody
let's take another shot so you know the
sound I'll cheers to you in your movie
that because that's amazing thanks ma'am
and like I saw getting like like AB like
good super critically acclaimed y'all
like Sundance you guys won the Sundance
Award for the next audience award it's
amazing yeah let me see some funky Lobby
that in my life bro like yeah great that
people looked at the film in there like
you know what this is what we want to
see this is this is this is some dope
shit and you know especially for me too
because you know like I'm a jokester I
talk kind of big and like at the end of
the day I can't like critique other
Asian Americans about the films that
they put out when I haven't done one
myself right so now it's like okay I did
my first film and then got into Sundance
and won the next honest award we sold it
to Goldwyn and ultimately on theaters
you now you get to talk okay exactly
tell us people like what have you done
I'm like I don't know suck the tip of my
dick bitch I don't have a Sundance she's
gonna which cleaner which now time for
the part of show where we take your
relationship and sex questions all right
time for just the tip tip
but the month thank you for that perfect
segue bro Oh
awesome dude I got you man what is going
on here
oh fuck is that that's a bee Oh
how's it going Tim is on the O'Connor
from the UK and my question to you is
what was the most Awkward time you had
last you having sex
he's been wild he's not doing very well
right miles grown quick side like quick
tangent you know you notice how he said
walk right yeah so it's like one time
right I used to speak to a lot of people
on AIM yeah I'm saying yes and like it's
dude from the UK right he was chatting
with me and he spelt he was like what's
up but he spelled it wot right and I
realized he was just typing when he
talks you know I'm saying he's like
what's up bro what's up bro I don't
understand I don't understand how people
in Europe are the ones that originated
language but they just be dropping out
letters out the world television we are
known as the country that pronounces
everything like there is fun of us or
annunciated I just know that this kid I
don't know what you asking questions for
you Asian and you bought a British
accent you fucking using a pussy all day
we don't know not where he's from if you
hear to come yeah everybody's like that
night no if you're not getting pussy
where we have wrong come over here
people they look at you like you're a
fucking like a exotic Jolly Ranchers
hahahaha what if we went to where she's
from we begin all got oh really yeah
look Australian yes bro the first time I
went to Australia I was in a store
shopping this girl was like you know can
I help you no I'm good I love the accent
oh yeah got one and I was going to show
and these two Asian girls like can we
get he talk we love you know I love your
accent it's so sexy someone's like you
have such a strong American accent I was
like did the look can I give a shout-out
to Australia to by the way for some
reason the water what water Asian women
drink out there but they are beautiful
out know everybody in Australia got
Oh crazy white people raising people
insane in me and none of them by shorts
that cover all how to do it yeah South
Australian I know I know actually you
kids Maxis I could not do it back yeah
say shit about you to do most awkward
things that ever happened to me during
sex I mean it advice the first thing I
know he do horny the first thing that
comes to mind I've told the story before
I don't know if I told on the show but
um a girl who was on some groupie shit
okay I was in Vegas rig knows the story
oh how the Vegas mid smash like I'm
already inter coursing with this girl
uh-huh
she goes oh my god I can't believe I'm
fuckin Timothy DeLaGhetto and I'm gonna
YouTube dick she's like I know no doubt
yet download me download on my face but
yeah all you can really do at that point
it's kind of chuckle it off I know weird
shit you know I actually told a story on
my youtube but this is the first time
like dirty dirty talk I've been
introduced to me okay and I was I wasn't
into that okay at this point like I I
dated a lot of wholesome women that had
like a little bit of a freak side to
them right but after I got dumped by my
very first girl I like you know what
fucking I'm gonna be opposite I'm gonna
go for the girl that just kind of gives
it out really hyper do sexually active
so she kind of like oh ho new you know I
could open up out to them by the way no
shame in your game girl she she taught
me a lot
nope we're fucking at this point and I'm
not used to dirty table writing this is
the first thing she said she goes she
goes she said you like that whose pussy
is is that was like yours
what I said your Michigan what what
would you ask me that I'm gonna put
these in yours the bullet no but we've
some conviction no he's a ballsy might
want to put the in doubt like yours what
you know anatomically speaking it's
already a deficit and that is fat that I
was mortified he obviously wasn't into
it after that and I just I remember
after we were done I just kind of sat in
bed and I just like threw our dumb fucks
you should have owned that pussy and you
wondered whose it was obviously it's
yours well because you were like you
know what I'm not trying to take charge
of your body can do it everyone I would
try to be respectful that looks fucking
mortifying for me Rick I don't really
have awkward things doing
oh man all right I can't contribute oh
gee big question about like an organism
wouldn't Nina message herself to be
friends with benefits with somebody
without testing and how does the girl
without changing that Thanks well Victor
first of all Asia a sweet name second of
all I think no kissing is essential to a
friends of benefit situations because
kissing for me it is super intimate
touch almost I know it sounds crazy but
almost more intimate than fucking
because like kissing makes things super
intimate you know I'm saying like we're
like especially I mean not to just to
say just for guys but like for everybody
like when you want when you're in the
mindset of I'd wanna fuck yous wanna
fuck when you're kissing and you're like
holding each other's faces and all that
shit it it is forces more of a
connection then I'm saying that about
both of you right so I feel like if
you're going to have a benefits strictly
side dick side couch situation maybe
stay away from the kitchen because I've
had situations where like I really like
kissing so I've had to tell my booty
call
situations that like hey man I'm gonna
kiss you like I love you
well I don't but
take it the wrong way you don't saying
because you might so no I don't think
that is is less of you for doing that
because sometimes it is what it is you
know I think - also you gotta like stop
focusing on what other people label as
what will kind of make sure self-worth
feel like it's worth something if you
fucking it for the fact that you just
want to fuck and that is what it is why
are you worrying about everything else
after that you gotta may decide well if
I kiss you get another fuck you got what
you wanted
you're not looking for a relationship
either right that's the point right why
are you worried about what it what it
means to kiss the money if you feel led
to the person like that kind of like
social constraint is what you put on
yourself and if you dare to fuck just
fuck get what you want and then move on
if you're not that's also okay to like
how you feel about things is completely
up to here like I control this shit
right now if it's your coochie it's also
your mind
so like lucky who cares what other
people think it's like you in that shit
for what you want from me you know
saying it's like who cares unless like
you're not telling other people what
you're doing you know why care what
other people think why why is it that I
know like at least three black girls
that I named Asia that's that's like the
most craziest shit to me you named my
daughter Africa and everything that
agent will they major you know I know a
Mexican girl named Kenya really yeah I
was like like that's your real name
yes that is my name oh yes Big Daddy's
marina away where you go who the fuck
Santa Barbara poor my goodness
Oh ready to meet another you got my
later there has an African best friend
yeah ex is on point I never difficult I
gotta tell you this whatever get in the
room be formal Wanda
Ron okay yeah so I got his foot got
everyone okay go on look it's billed me
so his younger system with Tony just
right he just became an MD so became a
doctor I thought that the funny shit
either because like we don't know fuck
about stereotypes yeah the Asian who
became a comedian applied to became a
doctor
hilarious but here we were at his
Italian Russia his dad's fucking funny
and so so we're there and we had a
bottle of wine and his dad like loves
drinking so he tries to grab
nope that's our body goes fine I don't
care
he goes to the back and he just walked
into the wine cellar what at the
restaurant as I said you got to order
for a new waiter but there's wine behind
you
why can't you grab it for me sir that's
not how it works so you are telling me
you are lazy to deny me the positive
luck item guys so fucking forward it
cracked me the fuck up how many like the
guy really escorts him to the waiter he
goes you got to order for him you are
not doing your job
well I believe give me the bottle of
wine facts I fucking love to do man
hilarious
happy people are the most
straightforward people on earth dude I
probably the man pussies when people
because it's hot you ain't got no time
okay next question my own free will
what's going on - my name is Brian I
love your shit good luck with everything
my question is should you tell your
friends that you want to eat the booty
or that you have you in the gooey
because I don't really know how to feel
about it like I want to talk about it
but I don't really want to admit into it
may I have it
I hadn't personally but maybe in the
future I would you tell your friends or
not you know um so for me um I have you
in the booty and ice and I always and I
didn't use - right what oh because I was
in my complete I poo a lot and for me I
tried to I coul avoid all poop related
things yeah okay which is like including
all butthole play until like I felt like
without getting too personal like I just
felt like when you truly love somebody
yo there's no wear on their bodies that
you won't put your mouth oh yeah yeah
yeah yeah and so uh so like yeah me like
you know I've done my thing oh I I
always say in my videos don't eat the
bully unless you're in love and she just
got the shower because it but like the
tightest things about right so like in
the booty now has become like a trend in
society even saying it's like almost
like a mean all because of fucking a
generic ICO
of her and yeah she kind of mania
popping yeah Kevin gates first Oh Kevin
hey I fucking love that guy but he
didn't take this yeah
pity risotto so enas has become like
like a trend you know sandal not not
necessarily tremble like a popular joke
it's more open people are open with it
people that all the with it they joke
about it they talk about it a lot so I
feel like like yo if you eat ass be
prominent the fact that you eat a huge
ass shit though no not yet but if you'll
need to know if he should tell his
friends bro if you do it only yeah you
know there isn't that most things in
life though we're just gonna own it yeah
what I mean I'm just like murder or some
shit like yeah but even that - yeah no
but like I just had the sweetest kid but
now I think of it my thing is many of
you ebu t and you enjoy it and you kind
of hold up - nobody's gonna say shit to
you you know to me at the end of the day
- I'm not gonna share my cup of water
with you but like if we shared comes a
yo-yo you thirsty I'm like I'm good
slide that fucking mug that way maybe it
may be like that but at the end of the
day if you own up to another cousin can
you don't don't do things you're ashamed
to tell people yeah no you smell and if
you're you admit it yeah that if you're
saying then don't tell them don't do it
it's so close to the pussy - sometimes
you might accidentally lick the ass I
may just happen I think that starts with
most food yay I feel like most girls
when they're down there like wonder will
have any meat it went a little lower
with it oh my god you know and then it's
like where's Shannon at right now she
would you know she knows what's up would
like this I got a sexual shit you know
put your hand - nice - so robotic -
robotic whether that's a nice behind
good buddy I got you ha ha ha all right
man so um so now it sounds to be a
talent portion of the show town I got a
single tongue we're gonna we're gonna
we're going to play a game
oh let's do it Oh play a game so now
it's time for the game I like to call
who can bus first
I don't know what that the chill ice
niacin is cool so now it's time for the
game of the day who gon bust first so
here's what we're doing right we have
these yellow balloons that represent our
dicks of course so we're gonna see who
can blow this balloon and make it pop
first whoever makes the balloon pop
first wins
and whatever I lose though you don't you
can you win the right to say hey I won
and then the loser the loser has a
figurative blue balls so the loser has
to sip super fast a blue smoothie until
you get brain for you you guys ready
yeah you got your bigs ready big pretty
big would be only me David yellow dicks
ready I'm just telling you right now is
that long no I'm completely now you do
wherever yeah okay all right
I'm capillary one two three here we go
drink your whispers oh I guess I'll
fuckin PSA if proof is not about the
size it's way fucking using Wow God you
say that's a testimony
you just can't wear Doc I haven't no I
tell you after the show
what is about it's about how you using
my friend
I was trying to like take my time slow
strokes or know these my dreams racing
that's it and me know if I'm out of
order for happen to you this way see
Ivan hahahaha
well damn okay David won no tears
and I lost this is fantastic I don't
want shit literally dog I've lost every
episode except like to LA and we've done
30 episodes yeah well shit all right
well it's time for the punishment vans
your sabja Todd's Ariel another addition
go okay so I got I gotta sip it until I
get brain freeze love that noise
that's the noise same noise a girl day
when I've told her to her pussy was
worse right oh that's a terrible one you
ain't never gonna pray for you like that
you good at they should do brain freeze
wait Roger brain freeze ahh well Bronson
brain freeze can I ride your plane
please get it yeah you make a way I got
brain freeze I thought most rappers
nowadays anyway the letter no I
definitely heard my head awesome hi
thank you David so for coming on my show
I'll do any time man in the h-11 plug
talk about your fucking ice cream shop
your movie ha
yeah youtube.com slash David's economy
I'm gonna two-month break right now but
I've been coming back from it you know
saying I came down we go I'm taking a
break so I think you with the homies
drink at face K shows like this alright
so now it's time for my final thought
so whether you're in the booty or you
are a Korean shop owner during the LA
riot sometimes you just got to do what
you do and not care what other people
think life is all about the decisions
you make you are not in charge of what
other people do to you
you're in charge of only what you do and
how you react to everything that's
happening around you so um fuck what
other people think just do what you do
the end goodnight
