so it's five o'clock in the morning I'm
in Miami and right now we're going to
the airport because I'm going to Haiti
I'm going to Haiti
here we are this is our new friend hi
for you
water.org ins and introduce yourself
dismiss my Hank I mean I use the
internet internet it's crazy lisanova
y'all know her oh yeah hopefully they
don't hey little baby is play crazy
little baby so I'm in Haiti right now
it's crazy feels just like Thailand
except for instead of Asian people
there's black people everywhere but
basically Haiti and Thailand same shit
man
kind of like New York to exchange my
money right now tip it how you do it
getting some pubes right how many gifts
is that
1,200 goober this is copying my b-roll
tool about this tiny tiny plane with
tiny tiny part but it's all good I got
tiny parts my tiny parts work good
Wayne will do just fine my tiny parts
get the job done this tiny plane will
get the job done hitting my head on yeah
okay what were you saying
I get the nervous - she gets the nervous
- nervous toots I get dinner like that
so we landed here in a peon say is there
anything on there's the airport and
that's where we're gonna be staying no
just kidding
so basically we're here to just kind of
document show you guys how it is in
Haiti and spread some awareness about
some of the struggles they're going to
do because you know a lot of subscribers
and with great power comes great
responsibility
you know as they say one spider-man over
here
sugar cane mill plant what did he call
it sugar and stuff I don't know what
this is a bunch of bull it's a bunch of
bull right here bunch of bull watching
the scene in Haiti
this dude's setting up his DirecTV right
there DirecTV satellite TV insulin right
hello you got it the baby cute style
what do you think yeah okay what you
drinking there Hank it's banana king
Cola how you like it
it does not taste very good no no it
makes him want to pull it right okay
right
goat some sitting here in my room at the
end of the day in complete silence no TV
no internet no phone and you know I feel
kind of silly because um I was tripping
out because my phone has no service or
anything like that and I have no
internet and I was tripping out like
damn I can't tweet I can't check my
facebook I can't check to see how my
YouTube video is doing and then I
started feeling silly because Here I am
tripping because I can't get on the
internet and I don't have my phone and
and these people don't have clean water
like they gotta walk miles to get clean
water if they don't have these pumps and
they don't have paved roads and you know
they go through a lot of stuff that I
don't have to worry about so it kind of
puts things in perspective
being here you know you realize you kind
of forget to appreciate little things
like that when you got it good you know
you don't realize how good you got it
sometimes so I guess I can go without
tweeting for a few days uh so now we're
heading to a villa - that isn't part of
the water program yet we're going to see
what they're going through and and see
yeah what they're going through
water org what's the name of the Haiti
Haiti
eighty outreach so right now we're all
walking to where this look community has
to go to get their water it's really
dirty muddy disease all types of stuff
so we're going to see where where they
got to go to get their water right now
so I know what's up that shit right
thing
these know it was hardcore guys I'm
really gassy today because I had some
like hot chocolate last night and I'm
like I don't get diarrhea but I like
goat so this is via the water supply so
this look community right here this is
where they go to get their drink and
they get their bathed on and as you can
see it's not something that uh yeah not
something that you want yeah drink it
from brushing your teeth in
raging never having a meeting goat
say you got a couple he got a couple
pipelines being built flipped the whole
town can have some water
government games material and money for
the diggers and that's it but all the
other costs Haiti outreach is paying for
they got the Haitian barbershop goat so
it's our last night in Haiti or in it's
our it's our last night in pinyon can I
get your opinion it doesn't matter where
we are it matters that I'm making a
difference here the problem you have a
sad lisanova you can't have beers on
camera you have little girls that look
up to you it's our last day in Haiti
we're going to visit a couple more
communities today see what they got
going on it's been fun
thanks feelings 6 I don't like now thank
you see if I'm not sick then I'm not
sick
I just have to be not sick makes sense
mm-hmm so I'm just going to be not sick
cool so check it out here's one of the
well that's getting drilled as we speak
a lot of construction you see going down
goat
