Lisa Lisa your birthday happy birthday
Lisa so listen yo you came yesterday was
yesterday of the day was yesterday was
yesterday you came here was yesterday
before and we did sound great it was
amazing I called you how'd you come back
didn't really tell you what it was for
because I didn't want to catch your car
but um Deb okay um you are the father
that's your mess reaction I mean I mean
so you wanted this to be more I mean you
want it to be this to be the result I
mean yeah oh wait wait there's more oh
you're not you're not you're not oh yes
anyway don't rub it mess it up so so
clumsy ass jeans came in all excited
knocking over candles on this man's on
this man's nice carpets rugs Persian rug
well in my jeans but thanks for traffic
solution you know i'm saying i am paper
towel on it I don't know where I learned
that I watched a lot of TV going up came
back today to fix a couple things on the
verse but uh make a magic to amuse a
video tomorrow did it man did it you did
so wait till y'all see this video
Wednesday all here this joint okay and
cheese is just great i love these guys i
love man hey
to the songs actually our friendship
hide hey check out our place let me hey
guys do kids love guys Rick Rick ok so
we over here Victor Kim in KevJumba spot
Victor on the MPC with the beach yeah he
made that be right now joh 000 get that
shirt what's up y'all it's a new day
it's a brand new day I'm friggin driving
through Hollywood right now in the
freeway and traffic is so stupid yeah
pun intended no traffic is friggin
retarded right now oh but look at these
cool buildings Oh it'll take a dinosaur
man and who it looks like a building so
I was trying to pick up alyssa marie by
like 130 to have her at the studio in
long beach by two traffic was crazy as
you can see it's 352 right now we're
almost there alyssa marie say what's up
what's up you two welcome welcome
california's sunny Southern California's
beautiful yeah if you don't know is go
she spits hot fireman hot fire what's
your youtube alyssa marie with 3 x's and
three eyes yeah that's a hipster shit on
thursday shallow peasant broccoli
creation
I take it with a grain of salt all day
speaking major faux pas think of taking
off the next bus headed never believe
that God sees the please music video
wait wait gin and dumb oh hey doesn't
see this man 2 hey Alicia came home came
home and my parents got me a new little
computer chair cuz they know I spent
majority of my time here so thank you
guys Letta Letta but to left that and it
got me a cute little Donald Duck card
there's there's cute stuff on the cards
Donald a car but then it happy birthday
son we've been your biggest fan since
the day you were born love mom and dad
so right now driving Hawkwood oh because
we have a club shot we're gonna do for
this video and it's crazy man is crazy
nice girl hasn't really nice x this is
great oh my god okay so we are here in
Hollywood I haven't been in Hollywood
and forever finishing up this music
video suit sup bro and go over here
getting the final couple shots you don't
have to stop by the great ya ain't shit
behind the scenes shit right here
Charlie Sheen tiger blood based thank
you based god thank you basedgod so
got beat up for messing with cap jumper
oh yeah
Oh
Oh
Oh fight asia's don't be fucking around
it's crazy drunkenness outside the club
we got they are keno KevJumba Dominic
it's my birthday you didn't get it with
me bro GRT nose is your kill it's my
birthday oh yeah hot day to you happy
birthday okay well hold that though
would you ask what so we leave in a club
thank you everybody they can't do short
love call Troy happy birthday pick up
the gin jump found it KevJumba giacchino
Dom victim of quest crew thank you for
coming though Rick yeah my birthday good
morning it's my actual day birthday and
first I'm gonna go hello first of all
thank you to everyone on facebook and
twitter and and YouTube who's been
wishing me a happy birthday thank you so
much it's another day of my life another
year of my life has passed and I feel so
grateful and blessed for all of you and
everything that happened in the past
year thank you i love you and so now i'm
going to go to the restaurant because my
mom had some monks come some buddhist
monks to come blessing I'm not Buddhist
but you know I'm all about you know just
you know if if some spiritual dudes want
to come bless me on some spiritual shit
I'm all for that you know there goes
monks right there the monks are just
blessed me and stuff like I offer them a
little offering and in there and then
they they like basically say a little
blessing and and you know do a little
prayer for me and stuff and then he gave
he blessed this little
bracelet and you gave it to me I don't
want to define my beliefs necessarily i
have a relationship with God I
communicate with God and we have our own
personal relationship you know but I
feel like you know Buddhism and monks in
the temple that that's all a big part of
my my culture has a type person you know
so I don't see anything wrong with
having my relationship with god and um
you know and still being open to the
Buddhist blessings and the monks and
vibing off their spirituality you know
like I'm a spiritual dude so we're at
cpk for my damn birth getting some lunch
with the homie supereeego piggy flow
I've known these guys since I was a
sophomore junior and ice dam in a long
time and we all make youtube videos if
you didn't know Sabrina PD flow I'm like
lucky that my best friend's make youtube
videos or else like I would never see
you guys ever no shit prefer first time
poke his dick off bro focus dig off bro
Tim
the guys look I'm doing on my birthday
Oh shooting stupid videos to bear you
love it I love it I love it a lot babe I
get to lay down in the bed by myself
every night threesome so is the eve of
my birthday night tom and you know I
didn't really feel like drinking and
partying and shit so to the strip club
baby went to the bank got some monies
that we better not give to these on me
smell it the royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
