so as always every Monday I get dinner
with my family and guess what's for
dinner today Church's Chicken fun yeah
biscuit look good personally I always
prefer I'm trying to make a video see
Ana I'm vlogging Ileana no I'm not
yelling at you right now hold on a
second Mac I'm one tae-yul hello you
know I'm not of course I'm not yelling
at you right now
hello it means I means I have my little
flip camera out while I'm talking to you
don't you miss it don't you miss having
the camera you face okay okay okay
behind
anyways so I'll assess our thing I've
always preferred churches to KFC or
Popeyes although Popeyes has the best
biscuits my mom's chicken is the best
though at Tyson al we actually make
really good fried chicken little chicken
wings are really bombed a 408 Alondra
Boulevard Paramount California so what's
up y'all I'm actually vlogging with my
blackberry right now because I can't
find my flip that I usually use and the
one my backup I was using just froze on
me so just letting y'all know I got an
action-packed day today driving to North
Hollywood right now to get interviewed
for some time network station like you
know my ties
my tie isn't great so it's probably
gonna be a lot of aha
yes uh-huh you too yes oh yeah but yeah
man how you guys doing check it out man
it's North Hollywood Hollywood I'm on
the five freeway palm trees so West
Coast you know I'm saying look look at
this look at this dick look at this
freakin dick BMW's man BMW's always be
trying to friggin swerve through life
calm down bro
it's not that serious dog is it that
serious you freaking dick it's always
the BMW driver man slow TV studio must
get interviewed on some good day LA type
shit I mean good day Thailand I guess
good day Bangkok I guess you could call
it crazy guy ladies walking around
they're crazy
there's anti going north on e come on ty
you for my youtube yeah hi video cap yes
okay vlogging bro my life you know
interview to interview bro if anybody's
interested in going over beats
so I just wrapped the session with gin
and dumb and that shit was crazy it was
crazy you guys are definitely gonna
enjoy what we produced tonight
it was a pleasure working with both of
those sexy I'm in Hermosa Beach driving
towards tweak Footwear people because
we're gonna do a little livestream
what's up guys I'm over here at a
tweaked footwear headquarters is this
like my lots of shoulders are behind
this yeah you know here I'm doing a
little livestream with them answering a
few questions got some confused Mexicans
out but on the live stream answering
questions from people shoes came out huh
that's a no I'm not gonna so limited
edition in the future I'll show you for
two seconds BAM that's all you get you
see you got all the other youtubers here
rhettandlink we have a waiter freak in
the day shoe
keep the heath kicks up there and
Long Beach California Joan Lee in his
studio
Ricky shad
let's do the song of that me and I'ma
doesn't know working on off this IOM
beat that um sent me hopefully he didn't
he gave them to me a long time ago so
hopefully no one else is using them
using this beat stop flying gentlemen so
we just got out the session and Joanie's
and there's this really creepy pimp or
he's in pajamas or Oh I mean you know
how oh then he's a pimp
and he's Jonah so scary look
run girl lady girl I mean you know how
the Royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
I can show you the world shining
shimmering splendid tell me princess
no when did you last let your heart
decide
I can open your eyes take you wonder by
wonder over sideways and under on the
magic no one to tell us no oh don't you
dare close your eyes
let me share this whole new world with
you
