good morning it is a beautifully gloomy
day outside
it was raining les fell asleep to rain
on my window pane
the Lord has washed my car once again
thank you thank you lord
handsome Oh for those of you who are
always wondering I'm driving a Ford
Fusion it's a 2011 or a 2010 Ford Fusion
and because remember when I was driving
the Ford Fiesta for free for six months
they hooked us up with a deal for
another Ford car after that whole deal
was over so yeah so it's my friend
Courtney Mariza birthday on the 17th and
she tweeted that she wanted a pillow pit
so I got you a pillow pit so exciting
standing
so I'm at the Long Beach Airport
randomly flying to Las Vegas and Andrew
Garcia shinobi isn't really just
partying kicking this party party hard
American Idol guys American Idol and you
guys see ya here we are in Vegas
checking into a skyline suite guys we'd
jrk know JOA
and us here and Degrassi Oh music oh
look at that I didn't even do that cuz
there's someone in here already oh
that's pretty chilling in the room they
bout to go out because get a 7-eleven
sandwich yeah and miss me I love man I
got the bubble guts
Ino sing to me bro maybe you feel better
the life that we live in you don't know
that you stupid stupid Tim stupid too
so we'll leave it vague it's about to
hop on this planes who are Fresno Justin
Bieber
all right what up y'all Stimme
delageteau
we on a freeway right now
we moved on a flop sympathy like it oh
we're gonna fly if we were gonna fly we
would have to help on my three different
flights now we wanna got homes by 9
o'clock bitch Fresno's only like wait
wait why stupid but if friends only like
three or four hours from LA so we just
be honest rent-a-car hey so you guys are
in a car I think I think we're lost
Oh
dude these things are always so hard to
take up look I just can I get a whole
can I get one feel can I just get one
that's not Ripley's I gotta check this
out man it's crazy someone right now on
this Highway on the five this crazy it's
crazy I've never driven to rain like
this man
crazy I am about six years we know can
vlog and and drive in the middle of a
snowstorm thank you and look better than
Angie Garcia
all at the same time Rick
all right so we're finally back home
Xuan oh yeah you can see right there and
you're chillin next to some of the
cannons and all you can't let them see
that so it's like 6:30 in the morning
I've been up since like 4:00 something
music video shoot for so far so good
flank star you might have heard the
track if you download the mixtapes
everything a la ghetto calm the mixtape
mixtape if you haven't downloaded it yet
we're here cameras everywhere crew and
then I got diarrhea one of my testicles
a sore kind of sick but day in the life
I'm grinding okay someone gave me a
muffin
fucking muffin bro guess what we're
doing guys shooting a music video and
yeah a lot of people in my house knowing
other people in my house right now crazy
so um so here's everybody everyone's
here for the music video it's a little
behind the scenes action hi and they
have way too many people in my house
right now freaking buoys had me up since
4:30 in the morning oh yeah anyone that
sign it's all good
how you doing thank you to the dads that
let their kids be in my music video
thank you guys thank you thank you thank
you thank you so my videos are little
inappropriate but the good ones are
really good too thankfully we seen him
thank you alright was your name D no
away from Halle okay so he's playing me
today he's playing ten year old me today
yeah some of sheesh I'm okay I'm over
here at the restaurant breaking bread
networking I've been a fan of this do it
for a long time I don't know if you guys
ever watch Steph Poetry Jam I've been
watching them things for a really long
time I was a fan of this dude's poems
right here check it out this is right
here introduce yourself man proper saw
I'm extremely deep he's extremely deep
means immersed in here just heating some
of his family's food you ate it all of
course ate it all
well most of it most of it well don't
look at the egg what YouTube youtube.com
slash Raphael check if it's dope we'll
do a video if it's not the Royal penis
is clean your highness Thank You King
shit
