so I got back from the airport now we're
shooting this um just get out well it's
called 100 pop yo cherry it's about
taking virginity's she's got PD flow
directing putting art working hard yeah
add in my trunk
just like Peters aunt what if I go to PJ
he has little tamales in the baby
carrots back and yeah we're having a
little party
hi yeah man but oh great freaking cool
transition later what are we gonna mean
this is like my behind-the-scenes yeah
Charlie yeah are you behind me good leg
behind the scene there's 20 cameras man
what's up y'all
concert over I grabbed a little chorizo
breakfast burrito from jack-in-the-box
never leave me alone
now I'm gonna knock out go to sleep I'm
exhausted I love you
wah I got a video I got a shoot tomorrow
have a good night
never leave me alone nope shooting a
video
weird malaria the moment every kind of
pain you're going to me and Melissa like
you like in the airport at the end of
their gone so so I'm I'm hosting this
show out in Torrance right at North High
and so starts at six what I'm learning
oh yeah a lot of time it's a five forty
nine forty nine right now
so he's gonna walk up in there snatch
the mic and be like welcome to this
bitch
oh my gosh Karissa ray what's up yo do
it again
okay really things that this is not
attractive for a girl to play this is
sexy fog really come on this is hot get
this I will be watching you the whole
time see from the side from the side oh
thank you
who's great me and green yo-yo so over
here for the first time finally gets to
meet you pleasure
golly no to me my little crack the egg
grow yeah cuz I'm asking and it will
cause I'm Asian but you might know this
too let me take it but here doing like a
Ustream thing for Valentine's Day she
made booty cookies out of heart cookies
she did that's pretty I did she did huh
so we just finished our Ustream thing
it's fun had fun thank you for having me
yeah that's fun that was fine friends
nice your friends nice to hosting okay
guys my mom is so Asian my mom is so
lazy
hey hey hey happy Valentine's Day yeah
okay bye ah Savio Valentine's night I'm
over here in Long Beach at the pike
rather go to shoreline village grab some
dinner with a homegirl of mine just grub
you know I'm saying show you know today
first single Valentine's Day in like
three years and then it's crazy it's
crazy but it's cool it's cool it's not
like a school man chillin you know I'm
comfortable where I'm at
comfortable being single I like being
single and yeah man it's no bad for
dinner Sam I dig that
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
