checking my dad with the goodwood sup
hey I'm getting I'm getting lunch with
my homegirl like any I've known her
since preschool dude and we're still
friends which is dope love this chick
she gets all my jokes we're getting some
sushi in torrance and look at this what
copies no man awesome so I'm getting
some dinner with my good friend
andreaschoice I look how dedicated she
is as a youtube this is why we're we're
fucking top of the YouTube lift sorry
cuz look at her picking him up for
dinner and she's in the car editing her
vlog how gangster and dedicated is that
so gangster choice thank you I know I
woke up so early this morning and I'm
just
sushi break thank you for this cupcake
mm-hmm chillin eating cupcakes that's
right don't tell my people telling
people your YouTube just the case they
don't know our YouTube what what's your
channel go loves man no she's funny guys
she's funny one you might want to check
back yeah and we all know answer choice
of course we know this sexy bitch hi
guys see ya we're here la chillin you
know are you guys Timothy I just wanna
talk to me be your eyes your subscribers
you guys are the nicest people ever the
whole time rolling it you have a good
best described as ever are you know you
do have really good these guys know they
love me but actually don't get that much
aid no that's not true you have a
genuine connection well you know it's
like okay there's a different hate but
not it's not serious hey it's just like
everywhere sir they're probably jealous
of you but I mean straight you got sweat
better go you got swag grow see you see
a girl let them know let them know so
what's up y'all I'm actually at LAX
right now and I'm about to fly to Vegas
cuz I was originally gonna get flown out
to shoot something with some people but
there were some technical difficulties
and we can't shoot anymore but they
already bought my ticket so they were
like k just take the ticket to go to
Vegas and I got hookups I got hook up on
a hotel out there so I'm like f it let's
just go in Vegas randomly bro you know I
know mad people out there so
unfortunately though I gotta come to the
airport two hours ahead of time because
my flight was booked under timothy
delaghetto so i gotta figure this ish
out man and find a parking spot yo Sami
Vegas
right now handling some business right
and I'm at the aria hotel and I'm
looking at the door knob like how am I
supposed to use this thing to get into
my room check this out then trying to
figure out how to get these uh okay okay
check me out buh buh buh hell yeah son
pretty friggin cool pretty brilliant
cool okay I'll some creepy shit this
thing started closing by itself I did
not do that um can I tell you guys man
there was no better feeling than being
able to walk up to a big-ass window what
Nick it in your hotel and shake you dig
around yeah what's up Las Vegas look at
it some walking on Vegas want to grab
some grub with what what you know you
want more Twitter followers okay okay at
AKA sparkles with a
yeah AKA Nicki Minaj she was crazy how
Vegas is like still the shit even when
I'm not like partying and gambling and
stuff I just got a massage I worked out
I worked out got a massage unfortunately
it wasn't a happy ending type situation
but it was still photo craziest shit man
I was walking around in my robe you know
but a snake is about to get my massage
and as soon as I took my robe off there
was so much static cling that the
fucking robe shocked the tip mudding
true story okay oh it was okay though um
so now i'm bout to UM get ready grab
some grub with my homegirl rissrose and
dumb and Yemen yeah yeah so i'm back in
vegas of course with rissrose which was
let me get the light on you so they can
see you and the sexiest outfit and the
thigh high socks okay can I just clarify
something real quick okay usually I'd
like to I like to leave I think it's
entertaining to leave it a little bit of
mystery as to whether I'm hooking up
with my homegirl tonight but when y'all
start talking on some foul shit about my
homegirl because I really do enjoy this
person as a person enjoy her company and
you know you always say some
disrespectful shit man so let me just
clear the air we never had sex and just
because I I knock out at my homegirls
house does not mean you shouldn't
automatically assume like we had sex
together um I think
I know I know I know and here's the
thing just because I poke someones but
doesn't hear I I did stuff I to it
either yeah that's just how I do like I
poke a lot of my homegirls but you know
I'm saying and it's just as time it's
super cute though but yeah so she is not
a whore and and and fuck you to the
people the hater but awesome
disrespectful shakers it really was it
really was on some foul shit you know
and that's not cool okay i also i also
have never had sex with angeles choice
just in case you guys are one just just
to clear that up thank you dude you have
one so hold on so d Pryde just called me
i'm vlogging now d practice called me to
tell me that I have a Wikipedia and that
he's mad that his Wikipedia doesn't have
a picture go to sleep she's me oh whoops
I hung up on one night
I think we get married we're gonna find
a little what's up I'm over here
mandalay bay chillin we out here for the
hippo aesthetics event had me out here
rissrose got me hooked up with the light
yes me out here so pretty come with me
look how pretty it is guys all the life
all of the rights
okay so high checking out of my room in
Vegas right now lovely stay thank you to
F for everybody I kicked it with
sparkles thank you to the hippo dudes
for inviting me to their little joint um
big up to them for hooking me up with
you with this shirt hit ball the this
shirt is fuckin tight to hippo calm if
you wanna check them out now I gotta get
on a plane right and literally right
after I hop on the plane I go get my car
in the front in the freaking um parking
structure and then drive to shoot a
video so that I wrote ok so grinding
grinding grinding the royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
