all right what's up y'all so I'm heading
to the launch party for Kevin Hart's new
digital comedy comedy streaming service
called laugh out loud because I have a
new show on that shit it's me
DC young flier himself we got our own
show that we're doing and so tonight I'm
going to go to this little party
celebrate got some cool shit coming so
if you haven't yet download LOL and you
don't support me support my fellow short
dude Kevin Hart and yeah great
oh yeah and if you need more incentive
to download LOL aside from me in DC my
show David so Tommy's on that bitch King
bad got a show on that shit the dude or
a mentor on that Monica producing dorm
payment on that shit
so download it if you're happy and to
see me doing cool shit with cool people
download that shit support all right to
the most complicated way I've ever had
to go to work we got on a shuttle to a
coffee cart through the jungles of the
Hollywood Hills this should kind of
creatine Marcus do is go
right
until today
interview see yes always forgot to
record you doggy
okay so we are here to examine any you
would come out of nowhere always good
how are you no I'm just doing enjoying
it a little bit right here yeah finished
occasion right here with my man super
depend Timothy DeLaGhetto we out here we
out here too hard to them right now
laugh out loud the boy was good campus
law check them out they wanted to have
you on mph taking in my class plan don't
install have to obey oh thank you we
call set up oh yeah okay yeah you don't
even say anything on the double here's
the comments Abu Musa comes in flag it
out
in the sword to take over fan like
they're fucking take over you know it's
sort of enhances this is short edging
will not sure short it down over guys
y56 down a lot a lot our ranches some of
my favorite people different developers
don't take the Jordanian guess that my
favorites and I ran through me with you
you know I like about a man I like
having your cash your car it's like even
over lies how little we are because
we're all like this okay I need more
growth for people oh let's have our pan
over here these 60 people over there
it's not worse
no stop going on sports on you fit you
can catch me on every episode on Wilin
out so Thursday night on MTV MTV thread
is what is on every repress us I was
also right now we've shown here on tape
so you know we got ass over here
right and you tell them about relief
thank you better cookies and shit right
now
Xiao Wei won't even recorded I would
think I was gonna say would you get it's
over boy oh my god oh my god I leaked it
already
oh yeah man shoutout to Kevin Hart and
lol for putting me on this thing and
give me a chance to do some funny things
some funny people like I said we got a
show coming on on the platform we
haven't shot it yet
it's me DC on slide right Michelle with
the main people in the shit and we're
going to try and crank out some comedy
for you guys so you know download the
apps show some support support me
support care support the short dude
movement and stand him too and yes you
will see Kevin a few of the skits and a
few of the episode so stay tuned for
that and one more time shots of Kevin
Harvick's being such a dope dude and
being so humble and um and and and
picking me for be a part of this shit
man it's a beautiful thing uh I didn't
get no footage of me and him chopping it
up at the event last night but I cuz I'm
not trying to be that do like oh let me
know hey what's up man say what's up to
my camera and shit while we're having a
conversation but shout to keV that's a
good do you know I don't upload it often
on YouTube on my main channel I try to
get some shit up but you know I'm just
I'm grinding in other ways and and on in
other avenues just tryna you know make
moves make moves
not only on camera but also behind the
scenes you know I'm I try not to
broadcast everything because you know so
much shit it's like supposed to happen
and then it doesn't on everything
there's been like four different movies
that I was supposed to be in already
then shit just doesn't happen like live
um years ago it was a dude he was like a
commercial director he hit a maker and
was like yo I wrote my first movie I'd
love for Tim and reg to be like dude
like a buddy County we were supposed to
go to India for that shit there was
supposed to be this thing it was like
Jake old people they had a project it
was supposed to be a movie they wanted
me on let's see me and Dante Basco he
got a thing he wants to do but you know
I'm saying it's a slow process to fund a
movie you know especially independently
especially when you a
get some sponsors to believe in some
Asian stars you know of course high
school sucks musical you know that's
edited that's done the movie is done but
like you know the people that own the
rights to it they're not really sure
what they want to do with it which honor
we're still trying to figure out how to
get that from them or get that to y'all
in some way
let's see man there's just uh you know
there's always just you know I was
supposed to have a movie deal with this
company like literally a company was
like Tim we fuck with you we're going to
give you money to do a movie and then I
did and then I we went back and forth
with the whole contract and everything
lawyers looked at the papers figured out
what percentage I was going to get all
that shit and then like last minute they
were like wait never mind because they
had done a movie with another social
media person and I guess that didn't go
too well so now today so that kind of
fucked up my deal and but you know I'm
trying to tell you dudes man look man
I'm better but yeah you know I'm just
I'm just steady back here trying to make
moves you know so so you know if you
don't see me posting content all the
time just realize that I'm working you
know I try not to broadcast my every
meeting and every potential situation
because a lot of people get gassed up
because they got meetings like anybody
can meet you know I'm saying that
doesn't mean anyone cut the check if I'm
telling you about something I'm doing
that means I cut the check I mean that
means I signed the contract they cut the
check and are we doing this shit so stay
tuned
lol bout to be dope make sure you still
watch full screen going raw that's that
shit still poppin and um you know your
boy just out here trying to get it in
you know what I'm saying in breath
thanks for your support
thank you for fucking with me and shit
man yeah you know I'm about to be
married you I'm gonna have to need to
make some power move you feel me
goodie Brando Tommy got some new shit
coming real soon and here's the clip
from going raw where I make a diagram of
how to find the quit all right peace
this right here is the hole right what
let's say this this right here is like
the vagina hole like my little area
right good you can see what's happening
here to it honestly
oh good this is a slit right here this
is like the hole and I think like you
holes up here some there and right above
all - it is tubes all around here all
right this right here the clear area
okay there you go a little bit of the
bigness all right everything was it is
the slit it just the hole it is all now
can I give it a specific in my mind yeah
but with your hands like and it is
Hallman to feel like we're just looking
for you right like there's a hand like a
table orders right you know oh well
and they'll make them chase your fingers
like it like it is
