yeah we're good yeah the boys overseas
Brooklands oh there ain't no I'm rocking
out with ya yeah so I'm out here I'm in
New York City flight got delayed but we
finally got here
hey driver you wanna take a picture
nope okay we gonna take a little video
and I'm here with yourself bro Jacob
Michael John Patterson what she thought
was like five different people okay used
to be a trigger TV and and you like
customizing kicks any artist is goofy
dude soon later yeah yeah clarify g14
classified and now we're heading up to
the so we're out here we're gonna get
some authentic New York Pizza and bikes
covered as you know glass cages of
emotion covered in snow over here
getting some authentic New York Pizza
and luckily there's not a lot of people
here so I don't look like a tourist
agent or
Oh watch my like my little vlogs and
stuff Anna hey what's your thing now all
my intent what they know me as Timothy
DeLaGhetto online Timothy DeLaGhetto
yeah alright hey so long as this Danny
Trejo and I want to say hello to all
Timothy DeLaGhetto friends and uh keep
watching yeah NYC on my window it's
snowy and yeah man and for those of you
who ask no I'm not I'm not flying myself
out on all these trips like I'm not rich
I'm not like randomly buying tickets to
Florida and New York and Australia then
paying for hotels and stuff it's these
different promotion companies and we're
like well the people are putting on the
put on the shows they fly me out and
then paper for hotel and they take us
out and stuff that's what's going on oh
man I'm not buying all these tickets
just as I want to travel so I'm here at
the Museum of sex with this chick
who's hungry for some it is so just
chillin now JFK Airport about to hop on
another flight to Orlando it's like 7
o'clock in the morning man I'm kind of
sick as soon as I have a little place in
New York man I started feeling sick and
I've been sick for the time I was out
here so now I'm just drinking this Jamba
Juice it's a cold buster
where did that it's cold Buster with a
couple immunity boosts and one that
y'all can't see my face cuz I'm
yeah Florida baby
so here UCF waiting hosts thanks guys
for dreaming they put me up cupcakes
over there and might be on my feet the
ladies love my cookie ll Michael B okay
so I'm here at the University of Central
Florida Orlando Sosa
hello there I just got finished when I
didn't get I didn't just finish but I
did the I was like talking at the
University of Central Florida like we
like I was discussing Asian stereotypes
and and you know Asians leadership and
stuff like that they were and I had a
little question and answer and then a
meet and greet at University of Central
Florida it went really well I've
actually never done anything like that
so it was kind of cool to just kind of
you know sit around with a bunch of
people like a couple hundred people and
just kind of talk answer questions and
stuff and then little crazy might could
be performed we all had a little
meet-and-greet it's pretty dope now I'm
gonna go on a pimple and now we're gonna
what in that bug bite and now we're all
showered up and we're gonna go to this
club I think we're gonna get some
chicken first Rick just landed Rick came
to kick it I think we're gonna shower
and hit the club get some chicken not
necessarily in that order and oh yeah
got a party party party let's all get
wasted you know there's an Rick about to
hit the club say what's up front chick
with a big butt going to the in bullet
to them boot it to their booty
we're pre-gaming that is in your house
Oh pregame Thank You Micah be yeah
it's delicious
dr. China this delicious so what's on
the right hand the whole game okay
this music video craze Mykleby this
whole crew here and iris we're gonna
have a love scene today
wow we are being crazy but saying yeah
and then I then I might get out of here
no no badges allowed in this big hit the
whole crew and then introduce ourselves
the CEO word word annum yeah man it's
what we do
freaking school appearance club and the
next day we back on it cried in for
YouTube is for you to Carolyn Perron so
check this out so skinny has a little
crazy we complain it for the longest
long he wants to gain weight right we
all go to Chipotle right get these
burritos
she got a burrito look a little crazy on
the game weight with a salmon with a
salad with the Chipotle equivalent of a
salad okay let me let me check let me
justify with the lightest thing he could
have got maybe little forever
lil crave
so I'm at this pizza place right and we
got that you can't really if it says the
Magnum pizza it's the mighty meaty and
then some yeah links fo bricks getting
yeah this is my second cousin guys
now
an apple tree buddy you're not gonna
exploit me enough it's my grow baby for
a while who's that oh wait
oh yeah that's Rick okay now won't mind
come on
No Eric Eric Eric Oh Rick I mean Eric
bloom on what's my name
yeah
now say subscribe to team if you like I
don't want to see you say look ma no
hands
giggle Rick Pete over there I'm bluffing
my teeth in the airport there sometimes
I forget you got a duel and we like it
lying around
hey wait wait wait got a crashing I'm
saying we got a over we're in Austin
Texas Rick said look mom oh man
we'll drop your dick to the floor so I'm
finally back home after my trip it's
good to be home hey dad missed you this
means you're to win hey mom you missed
me hmm
so now I'm gonna have some dinner with
my family man try and rest up cuz
Wednesday Thursday's back to New York
baby School of Hard Rock's get your
tickets the Royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
