trying to find them Billboard magazine
because I'm supposed to be in it found
this stuff do do the voice Rick so it is
Timothy DeLaGhetto here woke up feeling
very feminine today so I wore bracelet
Oh Matt Matt California adventures and I
ran into some people
Andrew Andrew Ryan Ryan and yours will
say how much you love my videos well I
love your videos okay thank you thank
you thank you alright to get the end up
and down this one that from the bottom
to the top view
this is Nessa you might remember her in
a couple videos or the one of the prior
videos I said she's lame thank you we
got the lingo so we're stuck in traffic
7:30 in the morning on our way to a
video shoot and basically just rolled
out of bed picked up Rick walsim just
rolled out of bed and on our way to this
shift shoot - shit man
sleepy sleepy sleepy sleepy irritated
got a pool gotta eat
okay I'm here with Madeline aka matter
of fact fuckin up well so you might
remember her tits Lange girl
aka the girl in the foot fetish video
she's also a dope ass photographer and
she's about to about to have a little
photo shoot right now yet because I need
new pictures for websites and flyers and
all that shit you know matter of fact
calm mhe a thang I'll go check her shit
out as though and all that ass girl okay
so here we are blog here we are here we
are if you remember we tried to shoot
this like months ago with alpha cat and
we got shut down
we're flipping this again at another
basketball court John and Bowie wrote
this yeah well here it's a production
you understand like sound dudes and
trail mate some trail mix we don't fuck
around okay Timothy DeLaGhetto shoot man
getting buzzed looks like apple juice
but it's really a con yak but it's
really bread white bread my character
would remove the crusts of this though I
agree he's playing a white guy hey
introduce yourself to my blog
coordinator for Timmy
I make him sandwiches thanks man we just
got done shooting and we saw this big
sign that that Dinah's famous chicken
so we bout to go get some of his famous
chicken over here in Culver City let's
hope you do this
so let's see if this famous chicken
lives up to his name
that is bang hey what's up guys I
realized that this vlog was kind of all
over the place and random but you know
I'm kind of all over the place and
random I'm actually um my room is a mess
right now if you can check that out
behind me and that's because I'm packing
like right now it is 147 a.m. and I need
to go hop on a plane to go to New York
at at 7:40 because I'm handling some
business out there with PD flow and I'm
there till Friday and then I get and I
go from New York to the University of
Central Florida in Orlando because I'm
speaking at the the level up Asian
Leadership Conference at UCF and then
after the end performing a little bit
maybe a little crazy and then after that
I am I fly back to LA and then I'm
chilling for a little bit and I fly back
to New York again for the school of hard
rock show that's on February 5th so yeah
I'm just kind of all over the place
right now I haven't really got a lot of
sleep but so I just want to say what's
up and damn ah damn I was supposed to
have a new video done from my main
channel like today I was gonna do one I
had a really funny idea but I forgot
maybe if I take a shower I'll be like
rejuvenated and I'll be like f sleep
homie I'd sleep on the plane and I get
this video done maybe but right now I
need to pack so good night
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
