kicking with my homegirl at Joanns I
should just cut her hair isn't it cute
guys thank you so right now I'm on my
way to Carson drop by oh and that's the
Compton casino behind me by the way
driving the Carson from our boys wedding
dinner because my boy B is getting
married on Saturday I am a groomsman so
uh Yemen it's kind of crazy up B's
dinner so I just got done having dinner
with B now his family and everything now
we're gonna go to Trey's and Hollywood
for Party Rock Wednesdays
I'm with the point rock crew always
being soft free so here we are is Andrew
Garcia as always Ricki sucks and we're
just here chillin
Hollywood and yeah man damn I missed the
girl fight we all decide she was taking
too long so long what happened was yeah
but the girls wanna autograph nah kid no
we're at the W the W all right damn son
do it again do it again damn I'm so
upset
what's going on what's going on here
what's going on here okay oh oh alright
and if you go to billboard.com the
Uncharted web charts pal traffic number
one billboard charts baby thank you to
billboard for recognizing the online
presence and the movement and the hard
work thank you tell mama way to the
optometrist ideal Smeal I I do feel it
it
that's Drive media did you get it ideals
ideals movies oh my god but like I is
like oh that's it I somehow thought time
to sign I ran into a ego sense of like
ego Patrol or something I say what's up
so you're doing so yeah they recognize
me from egos videos Eric's videos
subscribe to my homie Eric if you
haven't yet alright so I just left the
optometrist and the verdict is that I'm
just going blind I'm so much thing that
sizzling blind specified too much sex
with yourself I'm slightly nearsighted
that's what it is
so now I'm gonna sip on this you just
came back from my aunt Cheng and now he
doesn't make you blind I'm gonna sip on
this Icelandic so today is my parent
25-year anniversary Oh 25 years
happiness look at how happy
Brown
so I'm at this club Goofy's a bachelor
party and they got a taco dude they got
their delicious to do this shit man so I
left the club and I was like shit I
really want some animal style in an hour
prize right and I was about to fucking
smash them these shits right now and
then look what happened damn so funny
because people watch yeah okay we are in
and out right now get a hit it's Chucky
ah listen we got in enough i'ma tell you
what I'm all about
my name is quick now I'm chillin here
with de la ghetto when I'm here with
Rick I'm chillin it homie about to come
through and get some trouble and when
I'm at in and out baby I'll get a fuckin
double-double you know how I play there
like the meadow I'm chilling with the
Rick and I'm chilling with delageteau a
matter of fact we'll be chilling is the
Hollywood sure that I get over you know
how we do it here you big
timothydelaghetto man we spit it all the
fool blew it huh I kind of started with
because you're I'm kind of buzzing Oh
Utah and I'm lost dog yo we kind of
cousin cousin hey quick status yeah we
fun bro where you from
Rob from Texas yeah by your word rep the
homies yeah we're now how we do real
save dice la la la final moments of the
single man how you doing
got a video for you you marry now how
you do oh yeah oh yeah first dance
kissa kissa grabber but so just let the
wedding it was a fun time
congratulations to my boy Pete and Kenya
many many happy wishes and happy years
of marriage to you and heaven it's crazy
it's crazy to think one of my best
friends from my childhood just got
married
dude it's so crazy I was up there
watching him like like damn could I
really see myself with one girl for the
rest of my life like I couldn't imagine
that right now man I could not imagine
that she would have to be
like just perfect and I don't nobody's
perfect perfect for me
and I'm saying like beautiful
intelligent gets my jokes makes me laugh
dresses cute can have like thought
provoking conversations with me freaking
listen to all these artistic
loves Michael Jackson love The Fresh
Prince of bel-air loves that man and and
a nice button and a freak where you your
witness
not my wedding that's not gonna be for
another two twenty years right what do
you think what do you think yeah I need
my grandchild okay Mary
you just want grandkids yeah yeah hey be
a crab ladies who wants to make a baby
with me so we can give them so much no
question ask no questions
yeah the Royal penis is clean your
highness thank you
King shit
