hey you guys England socks behind the
scenes suitable video blogging hi hi
come down so that I come back soon and
okay yeah so not my local clinic getting
tested for stds because i do have s and
when you have s you should get cheat for
DS and I'm just here little customary
checkup you know I'm saying don't trip i
don't have no water nothing like that i
just think it's a good thing to do every
once in a while
alright so she pricked my finger he's
got a little blood sample aids when you
get tested for HIV or AIDS the results
come back within like 20 minutes usually
so just to let y'all know I am negative
on the HIV and AIDS thumbs up for that
here we are another day of shooting I'm
playing Kim jong-il in this epic wrap
battle nice Peter yeah color like
Rihanna all right shit I might just do
this stroke his deer head dude this is
so hot I'm vlogging 2 i'm shooting this
video here written by the good neighbor
folk they're all so funny so i'm happy
to be a part of it and break and make
his dope and sorry this is my leading
lady introduce yourself hey I'm Jacob oh
I tell the jokes of my people too cuz
I'm not cuz my blog gets way more views
than station two so Nick hates this I'm
sure yeah you don't like me though cuz
people tell me that I'm skinny all the
time they like it I Jade yourself lucky
me whatever you want you're so skinny
then I always home my vagina's really
fat
sup y'all driving back after a shooting
all day caught in traffic right now and
time i'm kind of sleepy Sophia turn the
camera on talk to you guys a little bit
just wanna say hi you know why cuz every
day love me your own special way so we
are going downtown Long Beach we just
left one club we go into another club
they bought the fight I went to high
school with these people
Oh
we just got out the club the BS in law
based on Jelani known as high school i
think what's the oh wait wait hey what's
up you know it's doable by having a
46-inch in google TV with the homies
chillin watch it boy haha thank you PA
okay I know oh wow that's really this is
really close it's too much is too much
yeah hello man get the bigger thing you
have
okay stop by the restaurant you guys
what's up man I Mahad what was the
Autobot fahad homies stop by hi smiles
came from campus all the way from Kansas
yes Bowie this is best thank you coming
in I love you man hey lucky to grow the
food awesome yes thank you they sure
coolin son by bro thank you the royal
penis is clean your highness Thank You
King shit
