because I'm the cream of the crop and
it's not a mess but I'm gonna drugs and
I say hi like that Eddie Garcia got
flows yeah yeah
check and you Garcia man he really got
flows and I got holes yes I suppose a
gardening hose when I water the grass
everybody knows Tim flows can come so
fast oh my ass I pull them up the top of
the brain is insane and I could do a
kung fu crane and straight kick you in
the mouth that's what I'm about
big Tim yeah um reference from the north
to the south
I went from Alaska down the SD you can
try and test me you're trying be my
bestie but I'll kick you in the testes
where the left D and the right hand you
know of tight man yeah I'm tight just
like my boxers or briefs and yeah I will
straight sock a chief in the face if you
want except in the big Timothy yeah you
know I'll wrap the LB so tell me what
you think about the flows coming off the
top yeah punch you in the nose fashions
is on the keyboard and he does a thing
when he be bored and you can see more if
you click the button and they like
Timothy please give me something to hold
on so I take up my penis and wrote on
her face
with this key and I put her in her place
Anna and I traced her outline of her
nose and I seated in her nostrils here
and her clothes left the blue stain how
about you name
present a couple more bitch Christmases
Oh Joe you wanna battle me your
brother's sake turn over cuz I'm about
to give you that remedy and you know
what do it cuz I best like quick on man
you don't even know he's so cool this is
why I got to go like Alicia Silverstone
yeah I get it shit and she kills the
dome build the bone and yeah I leave her
home you can try and win but I will beat
you down with a baseball not take all
that in your pocket but you in the eye
socket huh I got a pocket rocket oh
that's a blast-off I will raise your arm
then break the cast off yeah you can't
see when I'm throwing all these blind
and I pee pee in the snow
oh okay and that will be here within the
any case that's with passion we in the
cold
you like them believers yeah we make you
disappear like losers
oh yeah man a straight pointed to the
top cover go go take a bow but we going
never go
whoa cuz we gonna do this like we do
with every day we like to spend money
cause we ain't my day and I'll show you
that it's true because uh yeah like
beanies I like Khumbu with that Gucci
print yeah you've been to backup cuz you
might just say sup you're smashed up and
we flowing on that MacBook Ron you wanna
battle us you better back up times ten
yeah
you're not my friend he just drop them
on the ground but that's cool cause we
just like the trend trendy topic on that
Twitter you good you won the battle s
you bet they have that fast spit up and
quit before you strike get choked up you
want to see you something here but you
won't talk that's not love you people
don't know they don't know did I become
with these clowns that ready one day I
was walking down the talk street I saw a
fine girl I said girl you wanna be every
stop she said damn well I really want
you you can actually just face damn you
feel the tension in the place yeah but
then she felt in my pants in damn I
gotta close my eyes she read raps he my
straps better than a free but actually a
free better than he say
I did it again I just want to make sure
he knows he's my friend real hey you
know we read just about the sex
check me out bitch take me out bitch I'm
a gentleman I'm a gentleman I'm a
gentleman shriek ah hold it baby let me
get the dog cuz I know you before and I
mother do you win the button yes I want
some more bus I like to do you in the
mouth day here and if you don't mind I
like to do you in the rear oh but I'm
asking nicely because I'm a Magento man
and if you let me do it then I want to
use my hand go home
Minnie you're moody - you wanna let me
your paw
and then my buy them all because I might
choke on it and then I go down my throat
but I'm I'm a gentleman trick I'm a
gentleman gentleman trick I'm a
gentleman I'm a gentleman trick I'm a
gentleman
I'm a check check up hey there
who's that bear you need to pull up the
church yeah but let me do that for you
my name is Oswald that's legit for you
what legit legitimate names oh I got
tons of brain and I'm not talking
cerebral I'm talking about the stuff
that's
in between those legs of mine I gave it
all because I asked what is that
understand English yeah but I give hugs
love yeah check check it out let's tug
love what up - yo bro let's look like ho
check check turquoise shirt in the back
got the red brave red yo I'm not black
but I think kind of like em yo I'm not
from Japan but a vision Filipino dawg
everybody knows I got Filipino flow what
that was really really off but like I'm
a cop oh yeah not really sick damn
passion killing that beat shit trip trip
best nanny girl that's a smash bank
conclusion man saying girl ah damn check
it out though smash bang combination got
the hole right there
why you looking so serious Dan your said
I'm delirious
