so I'm here and shooting with my boy
super-ego Ricky sucks and PD flow
directing people directing three more
birds doing this little Angry Bird video
it's pretty fun hey Rick you're using a
little too much mousse in your hair
there
hey Shannon stop enjoy these live breeze
and Alec Kim and Anderson does give a
shout out yo Graham all yeah what's up
guys
how we feeling huh good good I'm glad to
hear it it's actually Christmas Day here
I'm a little sick
I just went the last like day and a half
in a bed resting and juicing and souping
but I'm feeling good now
feeling better at least just kind of
organizing my stuff you know hats
clothes and stuff I got this is a brand
new 46 inch to Google internet TV Thank
You from YouTube and Google thank you so
much originally I was supposed to you
know like they picked a bunch of
youtubers to give TVs to and we're and
like you know I was gonna like tell you
about the contest they were having but
the contest is over now so now I just
kind of have a free TV so thank you guys
I'm trying to figure out where to put it
that's all I'm kind of taking everything
down reorganizing I'm kind of like
reorganizing for the new year to you
know feel like it's a fresh start fresh
room type deal so tonight I'm just gonna
take my family to go watch West Side
Story
in Hollywood and that's my Christmas man
oh and yes I am watching my own vlogs in
the background on my computer I decided
to watch my my last year of my life as I
get ready for New Year's and I just kind
of looking back on the year and who's
gonna be in Vegas for New Year's cuz
I'll be there let's party
my parents like Nicki Minaj to yours
one two three okay okay
so here we are
Pantages Theatre we're gonna go out to
West Side Story
then yesterday
and that's all there is to it theater
fantasy a fantasy there
they'll be watching
this is a Maria Tony oh yes we got to
talk about last night man the show was
dope it actually like it really made me
miss doing musicals in high school
device to do musical theater a drama and
all that it really made me miss it man
and it also made me want like a Puerto
Rican girls after watching was I thought
I want to freaking Puerto Rican girl
with an accent that can sing and as a
big ol butt
what are you check it out guys my dad
watches Weinstein battles - what do you
think dad I tell him it's the culture
things you have to understand it's like
boxing you try to tell me it's not it's
not it's not something real I'm like
yeah you punch people in the face and
boxing hundredaire this for your mama
you gotta you gotta understand it's all
respecting afterwards they shake hands
and love each other and nobody call talk
about my mom like that and come check my
hand you ever I mean I mean I grew up in
a generation where we would be in the
playground thank you well we would be in
a playground sharing your mama jokes and
I know and I know the guys not really
saying my mom was fat you know then you
just you know you've got it's a
generational thing you got to know it's
a cultural thing it's a if the new
generation can step up to each other
man-to-man say the most insulting things
ever and still shake our hands at the
end of the day then that's a beautiful
thing if your generation wants to drop
bombs on each other some over here at
Super Eagles house because I asked him
to save me some families yay-hey why do
X akim's cook the - on Christmas do you
guys know this joke you know Joe Gary
never heard this
so they have something to unwrap that's
not how it goes
hey guys
look what I got for Christmas man that
gift really sucks cuz baby you're a
firework what okay okay what okay for
your local hey yo
mucho I'm playing my mama everybody yeah
Tony Antonia
Anthony Tony yo I don't know what I
I don't know what happened right now I
didn't know what was that what I was
gonna do but I plugged in the TV after I
finally got everything set up and it
just started doing stuff man Google TV
Thank You Google Thank You YouTube ah
damn it feels good to be a partner
yeah so guys so I just wanted to say
farewell real quick from the vlog
perspective since Wednesday I'm gonna be
flying to Vegas and basically partying
until the new year
so I'll be out there with a bunch with
couple youtubers and a bunch of and the
homies and we're just gonna be out there
so if you're in Vegas maybe you'll see
us walking the strip Love Peace skeet
and cheeseburgers are available Timothy
DeLaGhetto calm and yeah you know for
everyone who's been watching the vlogs
thanks for coming on this journey with
me man it's kind of crazy right it's
been a it's been an interesting it's
been a crazy crazy year probably the
best year of my life
I don't want to talk about it too much
that I'm gonna do a a video my main
channel about that which is youtube.com
slash Timothy the I get or - if you
don't already know that for whatever
reason and um yeah thanks guys thanks
for watching love you peace what have
you the Royal penis is clean your
highness thank you
King shit
