after a rough morning flight to Adelaide
we own this Qantas one this one this one
this one so we're here at Adelaide and
I'm liking Adelaide what kind of swanky
okay Natalie I don't like it
5:09 girls so any girls in Adelaide that
are watching this vlog when it comes up
come to the rendezvous by one I've come
up in a week I cannot wait to hit the
gays arcade Sun we can play some play
some atonic of gay video game
pedals a bit weird I didn't show you
guys our bathroom yet but can you okay
first that's it for okay let's look at
cabs roomie
Kevin little crazed to have this room
look at this glass shower and then
you'll see what myself wait no this is
the best part right here this is what
you can come over here right into the
bed whatever
have fun bags and my fags I mean I don't
mean offensively I'm talking about
homosexuals
just kidding gay people actually have a
lot of gay friends I didn't mean
anything offensive by saying fags I'm
just kidding
now look it out and I look at our
bathroom after GRE I blew it up look at
I look look at this curtain leave this
shit man okay so I'm here in Adelaide
I'll sort yeah we're just sound check
right sound check
okay now I do now you stop yes oh baby
okay what Bradley show is done and and
and it was no it started off slow oh hey
Maury little lazy but then you know I
guess it was cuz we weren't when the
main people came out they got hyped and
it was you know in this room came out we
got a little nervous didn't want to go
out there and I was driven mad I'm not
using he was looking all depressed
earlier but we had a good show good show
it was fun it was fun fun good stuff
how you feeling thanks for bringing us
out man appreciate it
coming up yeah you video Peck in the
house yeah look like a Geisha can lay
over all right
yes you're crazy
thank you thank you oh you guys - hey
what's up
so it's the end of the meeting grief I'm
exhausted
cleavage ji aquino is asleep
I'm also asleep I want to go back to the
hotel and take a nap she wants me to
karaoke I don't I don't want to care
going on now is it's after the meet and
greet and guess what we got a line of
people that are gonna take pictures
Thank You Man okay so Home Sweet effing
home I do not remember the last time I
was this tired
Real Talk no judo since jr. Akeno
finally got some food I got something
called a beef rise which is basically
like carne asada fries but it's bomb
dome I'm ready to eat shower and knock
the f out
so we're having this dinner right but
for some reason this guy is staring
staring at us watching this it's the
last shot in Australia dude so like it's
good train got it frigging this little
girl can drink man
like looks like magic is done and the
absolute is done and this little girl
like I remember drinking drinking
drinking and thinking you know this
little girl's about to be drunk and then
and then I woke up in my bed walk you up
I jumped on you to wake you up I don't
even remember that I woke up in my bed
I'm like yo where did she go we're drunk
we're now gonna take a shower
we're leaving we're getting on the plane
I just had sex
that's number two in Australia I love
you you've been beautiful Melbourne and
Adelaide Melbourne yeah so the lovely
Michelle Martinez got us all Christmas
Christmas goodies thank you thank you
thank you all that ass girl all that ass
girl finally back from Australia back
home it was a beautiful trip thank you
new light Thank You MVP entertainment
Thank You Melbourne Thank You Adelaide
Thank You Lydia Peck Jackie know
Michelle Martinez little crazed Dennis -
Menace J rise everybody thank you kept
jumba hey man thanks bro
love you bro hey bro we bonded we bonded
this more than we did more than bond
shit I think you kept number to the
airport
etai smile solicit right but wait you
guys tell people by the way everybody my
restaurant has delicious delicious
chicken wings
like the best wings we've ever had I got
second
a 408 a launch Boulevard Paramount
California nine zero seven two three
by KevJumba by hate them the Royal penis
is clean your highness Thank You King
shit
