so we're all sitting on a bed watching a
key the greatest video talking about
talking about how skena is like wifey
material and like how we're all in love
with her thank you and I was talking I
was talking about that I was only one I
was only one that said this keena got
name I would say like when you first
meet kina grannis it's like you want to
like hold it over holder forever you're
not even do dirty things see I email no
you don't you just want to like hold
your hand hold your hands shut it tears
and shit here this whole hair lesson to
polish a keen ass hey but i love you i
love it i love you do but that wasn't
super evidence so uh Kevin I shoot this
little thing they want to do an amazing
race spook with me and Tim running
around melbourn right now Melvin Melvin
Nelson acting a fool your mark littell
gets a little and yes the f kennedy's
home
every time I do something with him and I
was like either cats really tall but
tunes really sure it's a little bullet
boom so where are we there's a maid what
Lane whose eerily hozier hozier Lane
like you're like hoes your name hoes are
here lane and I am timothy delaghetto
imagine man if you rake some chicken
this in this alleyway it's like magic
artistic you know everything everything
about this little area is the shit ah
even the dick is artistic
gelatin sanity Shanna Shanna oh shit
shit shit tier disenchanting few share
my dear suggestion tier two such as it
is here to HSN dear sister since I
session citizen
you
yeah and Joey the sexy that's how we do
it you make me I see you and I'm like I
feel like I should get hair because like
all like we have similar face shape but
I don't think I look at what's pretties
tip nah man you wait for you
let alone let him know what's going on
man pop you got kicked out of this hotel
we got kicked out of the world game oh
right the show starts in 30 minutes it
is really just about oh yeah oh my bad
way nice room is it is a mess we got
fried chicken bones all over the place
stupid little crazy sure it all over the
place you miss it also chicken bro Rick
that wasn't relational note so Rachel I
was already still reflects chicken okay
that's true
me just killed her set after being super
super sick crying she's crying she's
like hey kill this shit I told you man
all right no you don't there are those
they shouldn't love to your dog to eat
that sandwich you deserve it Oh put that
meeting your mouth yeah so I'm still
crazy that he doesn't need to wear a
fake glasses because he's such a pretty
motherfucker really outlook Sam doc I do
cuz I such a big head let go practicing
but your sexy dog me like I got like a
round head or your sex no I know that
but I have a round like that hand cuz
like I was a c-section baby so there was
no squeezing you do the bad you're not
fine but I Norma now we're talk and like
I all sound like a fat knows you knows
and I feel like when I we're the fakes
it just like adds to the flavor of my
face like but you're pretty don't put my
head to climb up and my eyebrows your
eyebrows are sexy doors my biggest fear
is your eyebrows are fucking sexy so
alienated shut up
so what's up hey what's up lady goes to
hello hello Lydia pick something because
it's a no racial shirt all the way in
Australia and that's fucking dope here
yeah I'm gonna sign it pls sign it and
then I'm gonna draw a penis on it
because it's from me there you go I hate
ok we're done who's your friend you're
in the vlog yes yes thank you thank you
for rocking on leaving for this club in
like five years oh yeah we gotta be down
there in five minutes guys I know I felt
but everybody's dead hi hi I'm Jim Jim
what's up I submission nice to meet you
TM I'll be going Tim did awesome tonight
at food box thank you yeah people didn't
come tonight you guys down so we're back
from this club and your drawers and I'm
in my underwear with it yes okay who
cares and and so I was at this club
tonight I mean it was cool little club
in Melbourne oh whatever I it was well
we had our handful of a creeper fanboys
though like and I'm don't get me wrong I
don't think like people who are like so
mad lover fanboys like I but these guys
were like weird you know not everybody
know there are two grab my ass today
some guy grabbed KevJumba that today you
know Mike yeah Mike it happen so this
i'm at the bar and his chick tasked me
on the shoulder I turn around she does
excuse me I was like uh huh she's like
she's like um you're not funny in real
in employment you're not funny
interested I was like
right you know I just said you're funny
in your video yes you're funny videos
but you're not funny in real life can
you tell some jokes I was like why it's
like whatever what for if I'm not funny
like where you wait where's me how does
somebody just so broke i would have been
very upset yeah well would you give his
hot no she's fat bitch get him on
facebook shit man come on like I
understand that everyone's gonna find me
fun yeah but you don't know me like
don't come up to me every night when i'm
chillin at a bar enjoy myself come up to
me saying like okay okay hey bit is like
like check it out bitch I don't go up to
you when you're eating your fucking
cheeseburgers and tell you you're not
any in real life and that metaphor makes
no sense uh oh god people I think you're
funny cuz you're in your boxers thanks
yeah let's go guys thank you is like his
funniness in his videos like he's how
years in this video thanks keV Jumba I
really that's really Tim what you see
him again that's why I'm confused by
this girl like yeah she probably just
met you and like expected you to like
just be like probably man I don't trip i
still love Australia I still loved over
man but it's not one chick just that one
chick the royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
