all right so if you guys haven't been
watching MTV's musically you should be
checking it out because I've been on
that show like every week
showing you little while and out
Christmas shit so if you're some of my
younger viewers and you actually have a
music we go watch MTV's while now recaps
you might do something that's always
depressing he doesn't want to go to hell
because he heard all dogs go to heaven
okay okay
he made a dog eating joke man what's the
reasoning because if your mom cook the
dog it wouldn't be enough seasoning I
landed from Toronto yesterday wash my
ass took a nap and came straight to set
this morning cuz you boy he stays
working right yes and you already know I
had to take some shit from wardrobe it's
the last day of us doing this it was
maxim starts up real quick
don't tell anybody sit around the clock
everybody needs you alright so back at
it back to work back at full screen
she's another episode of going raw look
who's here today I got it again yeah
hey Landi hey so how are you hey I'm
good I didn't know what to expect on the
show I just know it's crazy
we're going to do crazy yeah that's true
too troops we don't keep it lightweight
crazy well you're not gonna like me
crazy
yeah yeah you look nice mm-hmm
hey add a bright autumn rail super-crook
all the edges are hmm mrs. Doubtfire in
with hey love you think you got the
lovely big while here with how are you I
am so good I love mrs. Doubtfire
she's amazing hair hair oh yeah run by
prunings all up in your neighborhood I'm
going to get in the Super Bowl
I hold on hold it okay what it was to
trick mrs. Doubtfire oh I don't think
that anyone's ready for it you're doing
such a good job excuses Hey oh my god
skills
hey skills skills hey where'd you learn
Ephram yeah Oh someone's been taking
classes to have animator
I have shorts on so you want to tell you
the version without the shirt and
without the swords tune in to both Green
Comm Glasgow and raw and watch the whole
episode after a long day of shooting
going raw I had to knock out a quick
video so I hit up my own girl while an
hour girl extraordinaire sneaky Vaughn /
50 expert miss easy and looks good how
are you
you came in a clutch for me right now I
appreciate you know like that okay you
get a lot of things fixing your DM as we
I get a couple you know how 18 dick 15
idiom no man look Aiden - Sam more dick
- oh XD my business okay girls legacy
you know some girls like Nick Nick oh my
what grant does make eggs I don't think
any girl like Brandon no no right not
not like surprise you with the dictator
but what a surprise it's a surprise gift
oh it's super hot in my condo your
makeup is running over here you melt
another one no effect but a a I
appreciated thank you for coming - and
she has a YouTube channel make sure you
subscribe
yeah I'm linked all that shit is there
anything else you want to UM say to
people I mean well work tonight I don't
know I never maybe I never do it I don't
know why I even said that she said make
sure you black and 50 oh I'm sorry I'm
so fucking glad tell me see right right
right I don't even know what I'm talking
about that's uh busy sneaky von braun's
blip
let's of y'all out here in Chicago for
shortest fat it's a beautiful day this
shit is cracking check it out
I'm up here we got Lake Michigan over
there we got the Chicago skyline over
there
the crowd is filling in because the
roots are closing - so out everyone's
walking around having Fat Tire beer I
haven't been drinking beer I'm like two
months into this shit still trying to
keep with this vent I'm out here though
so they're doing really just killed rock
days and yeah oh you guys
yeah
and
Oh
Oh
Oh
at the end of the night of sort of bad
Chicago was super fun beautiful city the
crowd was so the roots were dope fuckin
Rick Wilson was fuckin tight look him up
but tell me why check this out
these are the nicest porta-potties I've
ever seen in my whole life yo what what
what is this this is marble oh my god
what is going on yo oh my god the
trashcan is in the wall
yeah oh that's creepy oh my god what
I've never seen technology like this
come on baby
so I'm bout to head to the airport to
leave Chicago and let me just say man
Chicago is such a dope city man so much
like history and food and culture and
like architecture this is tight man like
I need to come back to Chicago for like
a week because I had a good ass time um
and the movie Chicago is dope the old
band Chicago's though a Kanye West is a
one of my favorite artists once again
thank you tore the fat fat sizing
Belgium from bringing me out we got two
more spots on this tour that I'm beyond
I'm being Fort Collins and I'ma be in
Tempe Arizona so you know get the
tickets come come say what's up here in
those cities it was like too much good
food right here because I'm high key
getting fat to think about it I was like
I'm gonna I need to get sexy as I've
been saying for years and I need to
avoid cheese because I felt like I was
making a break out I had a couple like
crazy forehead temples and then I came
out here and I mean but you got to have
some deep dish pizza when you out here
you don't say so you already know you oh
you know how to stuff I uh
at luminaries and um yeah kind of go
back to LA and get to work turned I look
out I never been this ahead whatever the
fuck did and it's cool all around here
we get da Benjamin oh my boy don't rocks
tonight it's a party in Tim's pants
secrets are revealed and whenever the
closely with guests
Kingsley it's time for going rock the
Royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
