I'm here at David Smith's house to shoot
something shoot a funny video I'm here
with the lovely older cave and the
lovely exoticjess and which is running
lines and fever fever all day it's for
you I'm getting you some footage Wow Wow
it is okay what are you wearing huh talk
about it what are you wearing I know
it's kind of weird but I thought that's
argued I have to get it it's white you
know it goes under your shirt why are
you in bed getting sweaty he's sweating
I'm listening
can you explain what's going on what is
he doing all right your machinery is
amazing that's the halo really
high-quality longest youtube suit in my
life I'm here I've been here since 12:00
p.m. and it's Sunday and this is not
this is not an hour and a half later we
all wake up early tomorrow sue we'll
skip that an importance
an important skill be my teeth yes you
see the bro introduce yourself I'm
Michael I came up with and it's probably
the best thing I've ever come up with
you see all types of lovely ladies oh
wait do again I didn't get it and and
lovely dudes
and the makeup gurus and me and creepy
ass dude lovely ladies and the best
thing about it is we get to feel them up
it's so awesome
I can't help but look at his crotch
everyone
so we were walking we were walking and I
felt like moisture I felt like I Sabine
sprinkle in my head what is that y'all
feel moisture they were happy Rick dude
I was walking with my cup so we got done
shooting how do you here for y'all have
fun filming me sweets yes what happened
what happened - nothing
yeah Rick Rick film some yeah now he's
coming down so I'm hearing in choices
room and Devon Devon look at me yeah
you're a barrister he's John you trying
to help me turn on my leg so he's all
over it
no one cares what your painted room
choice but they do what they do care
about is how imma treat you like this
freakin little bear I'm gonna go Devon
on your ass right there
just manuals huh it's nicer there bein
say a girl standing preservation smash
same thing is my favorite car they say
that's just dope okay so I said I'd let
choice paint one of my nails yeah
just one I want to show my skills
everyone in Australia is gonna think I'm
gay
no it's not a gay thing is embracing the
art no no I'm just kidding I'm just
kidding I'm not afraid of looking gay I
know I get I'm I get couch I give girls
couch contusions at the end of the day
so there's my single nail thank you
thank you Oh like I care
thank you now I'm gonna look all fancy
and I'll say you look better right now I
think then with the makeup line I'm
leaving this party in Irvine here shout
out to this dude what's up
Levante if I'd say Andy all right so
have a good night man I let those two
dicks in that part man okay no nothing
the temperature with the Royal penis is
clean your highness
Thank You King shit
