hey dude okay so finally landed in
ithaca here is your name bro Nathan
Nathan picking us up Rick's Rick's
actually never seen snow before guys so
so how do you feel Rick p ready okay so
we're here at the hotel in Ithaca and
now cuz why this shit is kind of creepy
we're trying to find our room but look
what we're walking by right in the hell
shuttle books this is boxing this old
books 33 thing more wait where's the
rooms guest rooms right here Oh down
this way I'm so confused not do this
door not do this door that's the exit Oh
everything gets room in this hotel just
went from being creepy to be in the shit
cuz harold and kumar escape from
guantanamo bay is on and i got rick with
me yeah we're not to say that just so
you can see that now we are though not
gonna lie guys I totally cried the first
time I watched harold and kumar escape
from guantanamo bay i freaking cry i'm
just sensitive and in touch with my
emotions in saying we're just right now
about to go sound check I really cool i
really feel freaking cool right now I
wish I wish I got this cold and um in
cali sometimes I can wear cool shit like
this um like scarves and layers of shit
but you know you know what can you do
okay this shit okay oh wait no I'm over
here i'm over here in the girl there was
that oh hey see see black girls love me
too all right jamaica okay okay 11 ok so
it's after the show we had a great show
great show had a great show hello I am
Alexa we are a great show some have at
your hotel hello West wash my balls off
of it get a little raunchy right here
heads after buddy
good morning it's the day after we're
finally going home thank you for showing
me that love it's a good thanks for
showing love at the after party here is
something that was that's kind of
bothersome no hit the thing the thing
about being am I guess the the known
person at this after party is that
everyone's kind of paying attention to
you you know saying take pictures
whatever chillin say what's up but the
moment I start grinding on a girl
everybody makes this huge crowd yes
starts cheering me on so they can hear
me but I'm screaming y'all are making
this awkward for me can I just dance
cannot just dance please they couldn't
hear me uh you know I mean it's fun I
had fun but I mean but damn let me grind
in peace
little stupid
Philadelphia almost home finally back in
LA and you know what sitting in bumper
to bumper traffic right now you love it
I love it so much just right here is
making me so happy so good to be back
something open the window and take a
leaf at the smoke Oh dad the smog feels
so good in my lungs
nothing like it could be back in LA I'm
going to inhale this smog we're gonna
find I'm gonna find him next again I'm
gonna kiss him on the mouth and Peter PD
flow people's Mexican by the way and
yeah man feels good to be back now I'm
going to take shower wash these balls
find a fan of the YouTube videos to
jizzing that's gross the royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
