so I'm so not a morning person I was
supposed to be at this shoot for this
webseries 6:45 this morning I woke up at
7:15 this morning like oh shit hopped
about the bed got my poop on and I
forgot about how crazy traffic is and by
the way this highway is adopted by
Herbalife and now it's 8:30 I'm so late
I got the whole cast of people in the
crew waiting on me I feel so terrible
man it's just these morning shits man
come on I'm on frickin night out
no no fuck that I'm a Night Hawk got me
waking up in the morning what am I go
fur I actually have mine undercover
that's my dad that is but he'll be
somebody
Canon's to the left of them to the
rights of them so funny get some wine
like in real life no it's ok we're gonna
just support some more awesome moments
right now because I'm vlogging and now
I'm vlogging genuine quality that's what
it's all about
whoo okay so it's 4:45 we just got done
filming I gotta hop in this I gotta
drive to the airport and hopefully
there's not a shitload of traffic so I
can make my flight yeah what's up guys
so I'm over here I'm in San Francisco
Union City to be exact just checked into
our sexy little oh wait it's all blurry
because this plastic thing still on
uh-hum just check in to our sexy ass
little hotel here in San Francisco it's
blood it was blurry right now because
this is actually a brand new flip cam
because I left mine at home so I bought
a new one
thanks to Anthony tonic live tonic live
event tonight which is why I'm out here
in San Francisco check out the view it
says stay I think the Lord is telling me
that I need to stay in the bay and Yemen
should be a fun night you know I got to
have the flip camera everywhere I go and
um
so we're talking about how friggin cool
he looks right now look at like what our
president our presidents allowed to look
that cool look she has the freakin
leather bomber jacket no tie crisp
haircut who cares if he's not doing
stuff guys
he's freaking cool stop what it's a word
shit so here we are hotel room Rick
let's cutting my hair as you can see can
you see they can't really keep theirs
you better get to the back end
because they say that okay
some give the last-minute hair hair is
cut before the let me turn this way look
for this thing
so this do Rick started out how much my
hops my hang time right now I'm like I'm
gonna go over this trash can and then
hit the freaking bag boy I said but what
sue this hit
we're lucky chances yeah I didn't
realize how big they are until they were
on me just tiny tiny hands then I got a
big ass around here but yeah but we
killed that shit at the club right looks
fun
and now we're just grabbing some food
and we're poop you know Chinese American
word so it's the night it's the morning
after the show it's the morning after
the show and just grabbing some food
over here in Union Square chillin in the
bay or a San Francisco all day before
hopping on this flight tonight what's
going on right now in the background
I must su mouth it's gonna be you
so bad dogs do it in the corner right
here
I'm gay I love you too
so these girls just rolled up these
girls has rolled up in a pink stretch
scion right and apparently they're fans
you got a pink stretch got thigh on
there hi what's up let me put the camera
away
hey who are you oh yeah Danielle so hi
you watch the videos and stuff yeah cool
big ups to club big ups to San Francisco
tonic live club MV Aaron Paula Michelle
Martinez San Francisco Bay Area who love
you about to hop on this plane which
will connect to Boston which will
connect to Philadelphia which will
connect to Ithaca New York I just pooped
in the Boston Airport my goal is to poop
in every airport in the world it's gonna
be dope Philadelphia baby are we here
Philadelphia oh one more flight they
were in Ithaca I'm so honks I'm so horns
and I show it the Royal penis is clean
your highness Thank You King shit
