here at the restaurant getting some pork
satay if you guys ever want to order
some some little something at the
restaurant is my boy Eric superego
Solar adventures just get a little grub
in before we had to do some Black
Friday's you know someone got shot at
Cerritos Law last night because of like
running because of that Friday
told me I would say say what's up sure
man we're putting tail on get those TVs
in the car yeah you know like up with
TVs yeah you're balling like that that's
how we do that's how we do we do want
Walmart status yeah
mad love to the phone people yeah that
little stale I get older yes okay so now
for something for those of you who watch
Martin's bakery videos you know that I
said I'm I was never a fan of Jays
growing up right the only pair of
Jordans I ever owned when I was in fifth
grade was the retro 13 and I just found
out via email that they are available
right now and proper in Long Beach so
we're heading over there right now
because they closed in half an hour I'm
a Rick and Rick little disheartened
right now because we were just sharing
stories of how we just love those shoes
as kids right those my only pair of
jeans that I ever loved that I ever
wanted Rick had like three pair cuz he
loved them so much so just now we called
I'm like I'm like you guys have any left
he's like yeah what size you need I'm
like nine Rick's like eleven and a half
right dude was like I will you know what
uh that nine we got but eleven and a
half sorry man
so far so Rick's a little hurt right now
but I'm gonna get some new shoes so uh
took the TV had to take TV back is when
I got home open it was the TV that I
wanted I thought I had a little sexy TV
wasn't little sexy TV it was a bulky
Brown Rick as TV and so cute mom's get
my money back man
so I'm at Red Lobster and I wanted a
giant Lobster and
a thing called The Rock Villa it's rock
lobster it's pretty monstrous man I'm
actually getting a little nauseous
looking at it would be honey but f that
I'm a G and I'm fat let's go that's
mother baked potato little bitch ass
shrimp I'm full but I bitch as literally
two minutes later I got nothing with you
yeah I got lobster pieces on me don't
care mom I know you guys see me eat a
lot of my vlogs and believe me I know
I'm getting fat
that's why right now I gotta head to the
gym 24-hour Fitness I haven't been in
like a month but I'm gonna put in work a
little bit low key work right now hey
hey get in the camera people want to see
you okay
hey we're BFFs now guys you know it um
having a vigorous workout as you can see
now I'm sweating up the floor right now
in this sauna man sometimes when you're
in the sauna by yourself you just want
to like take your dick out you know
seems gonna pop in it's gonna be a sexy
lady it's gonna be a fat ass naked ass
white dude who knows
but uh yeah trying to get sexy shit I'm
trying to be like Zac Efron you know cuz
if I'm gonna be famous and TMZ is gonna
be snapping pictures of me when I'm in
hot tubs with like models and shit I'll
need to have a decent little little body
you know some so my favorite thing about
Thanksgiving them is the left over honey
baked ham
I can eat honey baked ham mayonnaise
sandwiches for like a week
dude till Christmas I don't even care hi
Rick Rick's not a fan but this is my ish
mmm encore song cuz I'm bougie and
Hollywood now so here we are shooting a
at shootin some pickup scenes just some
stuff we need
some extra stuff we need to get for a
musical and which is still coming out
one of these days
lion-o alive but as you can see we're
doing stuff here
you know no one's ever eaten those tough
guys to do stuff tomorrow
here's a break guys kill the right shit
so uh go over here in rvj grabbing some
dinner with introduce yourself
that's what gravis after after a long
day of shooting so finish your margarita
Nessa is crazy no I'm not shit you're
lame bro it's calling you bro right now
why cuz you're fucking lame I'm not Rick
this you lamer what so we're we're
blocking up this web series we're gonna
start showing soon Qasim
that's how we stand Kassem G G stands
for damn spot mmm nothing I think I
thought like I think I thought my
thumbnail go way over here at long beach
town center again something seals I'm
here with my friend B Brian little
person known as dude since like fourth
fifth grade been my one of my BFFs but
to be married him in like a couple
months it's crazy
we're going up we're growing up like
kings
feasting like kings right now hip beasts
reason like kings ribs
corn macaroni and cheese watermelon
worth not stereotypical at all see my
parents my parents love me okay mom
beautiful misty has committed to win so
how would the party Hill how's the party
you just went to dad man I had a good
time good party event okay everybody
have fun that's why a couple solely nor
drinking no alcohol what the hell kind
of wedding parties go alcohol we have to
come out to the liquor store and take
couple shopping my wife and I party hell
when you get married oh you can drink
man or you can when I get married oh
damn blocks is gonna be drawn what if
what if I just get somebody pregnant
though well same thing everyone that
you're gonna be with taking care of it
so you better be sober damn right the
Royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
