we over here layover Salt Lake City Utah
mountains and shit Airport pimpin
mountains and sit snowy mountains you
don't have snow capped mountains know
what I can't they look at you know yeah
we do you'll be a big bear ever mom we
got everything you Cali man where the
shit in route to New York right now
mm-hmm all right so I'm finally here in
New York i'm over at stony brook I'm in
the Stony Brook area for chillin getting
ready for the show tomorrow the lovely
gym pic myrica from the hotel 60 hey and
um so yeah man about to knock out get
ready for tomorrow I'm time so just when
I thought there was nothing to do over
here at Stony Brook before my show
there's a playground here and a
waterfall and light on the tree Rick you
ready to go crazy
you get to salons let me know repin I
don't know man alpha e yeah yeah yeah
I'm not saying come here come here on
Jenna oh yeah yes word what a douche bag
okay we're here is 20 Brook University
takes to make noise and scenes show
stony brook sorry buddy snow not evil
Stony Brook Tony bug they look like
hammered on baby
oh yeah I'm gonna be fucking baby I mean
boo please I did blow me mr. pick this
up from Stony Brook on our way to the
city they look around shopping around
rings every minute the city we're good
oh wait it's like we had a we have a
little dilemma right now though because
this car keeps overheating each I bought
you drove out to the voting together so
now oh there you go let go so hopefully
we make it to the city into the airport
it's an adventure those adventures are
you not happy all right so we got this
beautiful view in New York City right
here from the Brit what bridges is how
do you know we're bout to go along one
of these bridges we decided to take a
little break and just chill on the
freeway a little you know saying the car
got a little smoky it's all gonna be
chillin oh that's good night I don't
even know everything problem getting on
the train for the first time ever in New
York scream
and we just missed it yes
kitchen walk around Soho right now yeah
maybe what this though freaky sex
walking around chillin you know vlogging
the shit there we are times where
chillin chillin chillin Riggs first time
to talk to her how you feeling dog I
gotta pee we're now in a cab on the way
to JFK cuz I mrs. car was done hopefully
we get this flight back to LA he bikes
around my mom's talk to me yeah it's
kind of thrown out yeah just run hi you
know the royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
