everybody's talking all the stuff about
me why can't you to let me live right
had nice peter is a studio here and
record with that oh you just caught oh
you just caught me with my I buck shirt
on 646 and three I don't know oh what
the buck what the but I just didn't know
if you want to talk about know about it
on bucks we're doing here don't I don't
care cool cool gym so recording the
super secret song for a super secret web
series dude and super secret why are you
divulge it all our secret okay so crazy
shit right I found out that there's such
thing is 3gporn and I just happen to
have these ppl commutative and it's just
crazy you point is a 3d section and it's
crazy I just found out to it's amazing
it's amazing it's like da man almost
missed the flight oh yeah cuz I ready
cuz i rig no professor because it Erica
we almost me like you almost made it
this a fight because we were watching
YouTube videos of you huh these guys man
guys telebuzz up please
we put those up right now I'm not
explaining separate or something like
doing something with your mouth
no it's not but there's a nerve that
you're like all I beer dog oh okay look
amazon come on even i live the life of a
star you try too hard I like eating pie
smoking cigar go to the store get a
bottle of liquor I get a chick turn
around and I liquor from the back i goes
down cuz i'm nasty speeding down the
freeway no you cannot pass me I'm too
nasty like oral go check me out yo you
get in the coral you back down cuz I'm
just too windy I'm so greedy around us
too shitty I pity fools cuz you're so
pitiful you will get ridiculed when i
spit on you stick close my dick gets
holds the air shows and they all just
pay me it's so ridiculous cuz you can't
say t is not nice with the fries i'm too
nice with it I see bitch please she gave
me hickeys and I kick freeze yeah and I
give whiplash the holes when I walk
around with my dick fan on them
Oh
yo
okay okay i'll say love please use a
seat and cheese right okay
Oh over here it's the end of the meet
and greet shout out to my biggest fan
last row aligned Vanessa your say
anything together yes that's right as we
have our undying love for each other
right do we do we do thanks wait wait
wait that what didn't show up do it
again I really didn't oh alright cubed
my lips Oh lib you also we got a
beautiful show tonight show was dope
thank you for everyone for coming
through we're just chilling down the
hotel party girl say what's up to my
camera so now i won beautiful now I'll
just chillin man chillin also like a
yellow black and yellow lovely showed
Ava so mad love thank you so much man no
you got a bet with you stuck in the
house you don't wanna have fun is all
you megamouth you get back when you're
out with someone but you keep on
thinking by
speeding to the airport right now cuz we
can I have a flight in 40 minutes so
hopefully we make thank you though to me
and Anthony here and worry everybody i
mix gordo so thank you nigger 80 and
forced entry so we made the flight the
royal penis is clean your highness Thank
You King shit
