- I'm so excited right now check it out
Taco Bell got the salsa verde on deck
and they got the fire roasted on deck
you excited yes this movie was so dope
and I'm getting it right now
oh that's my boo oh here at Walmart I
had to pick up something for some future
YouTube videos yeah old-school fans
might remember to cruise in the Beast
video we're bringing it back son here at
the restaurant eating just with one of
my BFFs PD flow eating some pot time and
my BDF you're up there PFF your pops pro
life my pops for L meeting some boat
noodles or with the older as I say - you
said pub dance put the over that huh
with the old video what go guac what the
oh god do you know if noodles PD flow in
the trashcan
you don't fuck around
so wrapping up wrapping up the first
grabbing up the first scene from the
video soon but they head back to the
station see now what's happening is I'm
the trash man and I'm getting rid of the
be whack rappers not saying that wack
rappers are from New York he just
happens to be
yeah wack rappers I want some Canada
anyone
now why grabbers everywhere I'm I'm just
taking them out and see they're all
white although all the lame rappers are
the white ones that's what we're saying
here I'm in a dump truck cameras
everywhere cameras on the on the horn
big hats unless - Rick over the hair
pushing the car people doing stuff over
here like living the life women live in
the freakin life ordered a bunch of
wings order beat them order - Rick or
the pizza about two grubs up so today I
spent the whole day shooting throw them
out with mini Mafia and it's 5:30 in the
morning and I'm about to go to sleep
because I was up packing for Toronto and
I leave at 11 p.m. tomorrow night or
tonight but I'm gonna be shooting all
day a skit I wrote called to ski ferry
for me and Lisa Nova and i'ma go from
there and a hot write on a plane man so
I'm so sleepy
I gotta be at the shoot at 10:00 a.m. so
time to get some sleep tinium I'm up I'm
packed ready to shoot make some comedy
gold and then it's off to Toronto son
I'm from like my eyes are like
miles are extra asian right now but it's
all good this is what I do
trying to get a training ran on you but
me and my compadre here good old train
we city native on I know he does stuff
Oh what did you leave me to live on oh
hi oh hello you know he's not shy around
the camera you know I cuz he's used to
being on the web now we're gonna do like
a dinner table
chicken on top wouldn't shame and Shen
pag me hell yeah you and me word I'm so
gonna get choice drunk and take
advantage of it Nikki fancy to you can
get some to down here swetha nice
chicken and champagne cuz I'm a
businessman and I've been doing stuff
and you peel all the good parts off you
guys
oh there was a Rick creeping on our date
the whole time we need choice
since this whole bottle yeah I know
so bitch hey oh okay now I couldn't be
more turned on the next scene for my
video that I wrote here we're a
confessional booth man-made oh I guess
they're all man-made but but YouTube
made hey what's up what's up bro how's
it going man it's good man it's good to
be working with your bro yeah finally
right yes cool cool this is a BEC bro
I'm back yeah I'm introduced I'm gonna
introduce myself right now I'm back from
good neighbor that's back from good
neighborhood yeah this is really nice
you're working with Tim right here we're
very close right here yeah you know in a
man-made you know the confessional booth
like most are but yeah but it's uh it's
different it's different slow different
man-made it's more intimate I think and
it's not as well made as you can see oh
yeah but but it's very intim when you
sit in a confessional but no matter what
kind you feel very intimate and you
can't see what you can't see why our
hands are right now no no you can't you
can't see what's going on there's a
window and just give your wondering on
each other is that janitor mm-hmm yes
there's a genital it's a genital section
yeah
yo so I finally finished shooting all
day now I'm gonna take a shower try and
edit this vlog if you're watching this
vlog right now I'm probably in Toronto
already but I'm about to hop on the
plane right now but if you're watching
this then it's probably Saturday and
there's a show today at the Opera House
in Toronto so come see what's up cuz I'm
cool like that fresh like that
yeah yeah yeah
the Royal penis clean your highness
Thank You King shit
