okay so I'm driving there I'm shut up
I'm I'm driving to Eric's house to visit
air because I haven't seen him in a
couple weeks and I'm talking to someone
on the phone and I told her to say
what's up to you guys I know you guys
miss there say hi Aliannah and okay
that's enough okay I'm gonna turn the
camera off now but I'm not but I'm I'm
not gonna turn the camera off and
secretly record you hey kitty hey kitty
hey kitty YUM it's time to eat guys it's
time to eat
hey cat I'm gonna eat you okay
oh we grow up in my face now huh you
like that huh like when I started dirty
huh hmm yeah so I've been traveling all
over the place and shooting all the time
and sometimes it's hard to to to find
time for the homies you know but I had
to find time she comes to my boy
super-ego
because I haven't seen him in forever
Eric he has enough super-ego cholo
Adventures subscribe youtube.com slash
super eee go dudes videos are hilarious
no one's guy since high school and you
know it's uh had to come see the homie
for a little bit yeah over here at over
at Elephant Bar super-ego about to feast
shrill finish dips real cialis
Marineris teriyaki get you up wallets
Hans for you about the feasts we were
just discussing how attracted Mario
Lopez is and he Pierce Street a straight
guy you gotta admit how champion Mario
Lopez's and then we were talking about
how he ran into some chick or know his
girl Gabby she said he wasn't attractive
but we're like what
I don't care how straight you are that
sexy but you got to be manly enough to
admit when there's a sexy dude I'm her
with marks like robbery air to take the
absolute
I mean not compared to Mario Lopez but
you know never never go ahead I ordered
more bread
yeah we got we got a we we got it in
though as they say we put in work maybe
we put it in
New York
from my dad backs on my leftover
leftover vegetables I'll kind of food in
this ribs so what's up y'all today I'm
going to my boys midi mafia house China
you know just talk music and talk
business and whatnot um are they're
doing something it looks like there's
just shooting something I hear looks
like they doing something crazy
I don't want to rub yet let's creep up
on them slowly BBN what what is this
what is this what is this what are you
guys smoking wait what is this okay what
do you guys do you guys hit Chaska him
sweet sweet
ready let's do this
do not try this at home kids you ready
yeah I'm ready man yeah I think that's
it that was two months ago Doug oh I
guess again I guess you get out the car
think he's pissed yeah these are two
it's messed up it's messed up we got the
sound though it's messed up okay watch a
mini Mafia make this beat are these on
trash can noises
I'm good
you ready I think so cold-blooded
reptile stick files anymore the ladies
get Wow no cameras so glamorous hey the
staring at me what's the difference well
how much simple man I like something
give me a chicken wing
the Royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
