this speeder I'm going to propose that
is actually in the theater where we
kissed for the first time like over six
years ago she has no idea so uh was he
like I knew every okay so the deed is
done
uh hey baby how you feeling I don't know
how I feel once I finish crying me
begging gather me let me see let me see
everyone on the vlog gonna want to see
the king
oh man thinking there it is you
satisfied with that me and sheesh Oh
the end of an era baby the beginning of
the end my life is over right
shut up the quarry for all your help
thanks man thanks man right of course
I appreciate it - hey really cute I'm
glad I'm glad you enjoyed it and why do
you did it in trunk yeah I mean uh I
love Toronto Canadian girls
Canadian girl Canadian gal oh you look
super pretty right here here inside okay
put the ring up cause like a nice shot
good shot yeah baby lookin
don't dance we'll just shopping with you
the next day right baby that's all you
need now some sweats in your ring oh yes
was it a tiger oh hello so someone hit
me on Twitter was like yo you got to go
to the poop cafe because uh I love
talking about poop as y'all know me and
she loved talking about laughs we love
pooping and coups and pooping on each
other
Hanako the food cafe above us are the
stars in fashion it's not bad yeah it is
whoo
they ready to sit again it booty the
booty the booty the booty the booty
you got stammers hello - bleep Ruby she
got is low due to walk and I think the
top ok trying to do paper yeah out of
booty ho Oh smell like the ether booty
all right Oh baby yeah that's perfect oh
we're finishing up at the Cooper Bay and
they put on my old school Bruno Mars
Harry the only from afar yeah I know I
know which type of stuff I can do David
dispose it's all had a face that looks
like she got beat it and uh it's funny
see if I'm out here in Toronto oh man
she decided to do a little Mean Green
pop-up situation oh you know why do you
why not you know so we're selling a
bunch of goodies stuff she has these
handmade pouches Just Peachy pouches we
are here at the get fresh company store
in Toronto with the Romans oh yeah we
out here shout out to this dude fresh
right here put on with our door and
overthrew of course and make sure y'all
check it out they got me laced out in
this super dope track soon right here
should be three Road ice covers on my
next temple people in front of line was
good
all y'all matter least a thank you
what's up with so hey you wouldn't log
you and the blow was good thank you guys
for coming we're gonna get started real
soon
what's good what's up man thanks for
coming guys hey first man in line at the
meet greet what's up dawg okay that's my
my girlfriend she's at work right now
that's Cindy thank you both for
supporting oh and you got ot annoying at
a soul roll conjugator I got here at
10:16 day Wow Dan is doing level time is
it now but we won't but we live in plus
1 up to 3 hours yeah I don't play with
pop up someone everybody when we find
either would know for sure oh my girl i
property - Tommy - hustle hustle cookies
are you want me to sign on yes sir all
right done biggest inspirations thanks
Megan
draw giggles number she you know working
on a shout out to that boy Isaiah for
helping me so starts today it's really
ladies ladies don't forget to follow my
Instagram flatten his DNA using the
engaged couple days ain't broke ha ha ha
ha
you said you soaked up when your holes
to love it how do you know he damn old
at a long time like regular day ramble
yeah I don't even know about that exact
when I used to rap thank you for
watching for 9 years
how do you grow 19 this man's been
watching see was 10 years old I raised
this kid alright with the og shirt a
shape is this is some old oh I thought
it already met already with my what do
we need kind of your journal ya know so
long ago Academy here in Toronto also
John Panozzo I don't even remember
performing like if you had a usual quote
that was viral last year
and also he was like yo let me get a
picture for the tinder real quick which
is hilarious I've never heard nobody say
that before what's your name girls a
little more cinder bro Randy Chong Chong
Randy slide into the stands the end all
right
no depends on them oh girl girl a hot
girl for Ashley oh is that who is this
Ben pizza Oh like then there's young
pizza that's me right there that's James
on the boy JRE them up and we get to
focus okay for so damn you tell people
glow up and you want to rap I don't want
to rush do it it's gonna if you know it
sing a lot what you know you're going to
rap someone else's don't oh hey a few
months ago I would do my thing oh it's
my song Timothy thing huh huh she came
down to down our doing oh yeah and she
said you never settle down and knock on
wood she's gonna fly by Greg yeah well
this is the story all about on a heart
go ahead every gesture power to be
positive this is 50 miles around it's a
remix choose the Ethiopian El
Salvadorian lady with a stick petite
close yep
walked in to get fresh company she came
to chose ha ha
remix remix out here
it's dude they came to the mean greed is
also in a long-distance relationship and
also just got engaged make several hey
what so now I got a stick no miss Devon
is on the phone oh you guys are huge
garbage tank man Congrats all today oh
my god they just got engaged yeah - no
it's a prank brawl with the Frank so
these other people waited in line was
good what's good and her hat got cooked
on and we're trying to say is good luck
but damn it looked like a shark pooping
that's coming though if I can assign
your at hand okay Addison you like wash
all right fucking move it out move it
out oh wow you liked it do real quick
what is a name bro Kevin frown every
time you bought me engagement ring oh we
all fossilizes
hey man are you guys recruiting that now
I'm running your audio a lot bill
apostle Walker broke I mean I'm still
rock the TV now hey are you Leah Leah
Leah what miss harness portal you are an
actress for Leah on check out her stuff
check out her blog
you got us a little ring pop in Oh
Franco girl thank you I see y'all with a
matching annoyed hair
thank you thank you I know shipping
prices to Canada are kind of crazy so I
appreciate y'all in touch
south of inta yo shout-out to vinta
fingers I got us a washout suppose
knowledge are ice Mike salary a ton and
go what you say bro you're not here from
couple being approaches to music became
friendly adjusted mean green earlier how
long I think you have an hour's no wow
that's crazy okay what to do I love you
too okay look look what's your Instagram
Bronco shut up Matthew Joyner m HT HT w
jo r GA ladies follow this net you gotta
go right hello ladies followed it to me
Ali's 19 followed as many legal he's
sexy a single Pennsylvania
thank you thank you parents for driving
him yes very well thank you
what's your name bro Damon Damon Bravo
some backwoods as an engagement present
because we're officially Toronto fine
now because of the backwards verses I
appreciate you bro so let's do it what's
up man where you from
uncle Brent on girl anymore boy don't
know and he was like yo come on mochi
Meredith hold on
so this is of the video of the dude up
lip-synching my birth to and all that
remix hahahaha yeah throw some end oh
yeah oh god I love you too man kita yeah
okay hey fam yo yo yo
so set up to the Mendham for reaching
real a train oh yeah ha ha ha
hit with lal-la-lei all right so the
mean green is overshot that is NASA
super success we sold out I got them
2000 said to everybody made money south
to get press company thank you sir stop
the press shut up to the boss shadows in
Toronto without the guys out to boot us
out the base guys to her kind of pack up
and leave Canadian and leave Toronto
Thank You Toronto for always showing me
mad love I love my peoples out here I
love my supporters out here you guys
always come out and fuck with me you
show that by coming out to the
meet-and-greet we sold out on all the
goodies shit I almost sold out yes she
is bags Amazon just peachy couches left
not sure what I'm going to do with them
hmm make sure you follow her blog Just
Peachy
Tito uh-huh and just Thank You Toronto's
good time thank you to everybody who
helped me get the proposal together
shout out the quarry by Dow for helping
me out he really helped me shout out to
everybody at the Ryerson Theatre for
accommodating me and helping me out
shout out to Gabriel hold on I'm getting
there
shout to Gabriel and samurai productions
for samurai films my productions for
recording the whole thing shout out the
D prices coming through
shout out to Brian Chong photographer
for capturing those dope ass pictures
that kind of went viral online which is
a super cool and you guys are just so
excited to see me finally pop the
question
shoutout to Chi is lovely family for
being a part of everything and
they're pretty sweet man they're pretty
cool for being a part of it and always
showing me love and support never give
me any problems
shada her family shoutout to jean
dousset and everybody at Johnny's say
for helping me get this lovely ring
together and um well very well
shout out to my lovely fiancee she I
have to Yahoo my god design go crazy to
say it super official crazy um talk to
you better just being a lovely special
lights in my life I dunno love it I mean
cuz we're one now we are unified from
making me a better man and um and
motivating me to make big moves like you
know propose and shit yeah crazy and um
thank you guys for watching thanks guy
and supporting and showing us love and a
cow and cow could be Kristin hey bitch
the Royal penises clean your highness
Thank You King shit
