dad uh she doing g6 I'm doing stuff
editing videos writing music how about
that so it's the day of music speech I'm
running late right now to the meet and
greet I had some business I'd attend to
in Long Beach and I'm running late to
the meeting green we started at 4:00
issues apparently it's 4/20 right now I
didn't even know the meeting greet was
supposed to be going down this early but
I'm on my way right now to get Rick and
then Rick's rolling up there with me to
the meeting greet and hopefully by the
time I get there there's there the VIP
section people are still there for the
meeting green if not so sorry so sorry
behind the scenes
this man
five orgasms I just we're backstage and
music speaks everybody who's who oh yeah
who was who was back here do sup suicide
hi love you first got freaking my boy
Jesse Barrera right here you're part of
music speaks for every my heart always
on to my choir thank you for working and
and sing sing for the cause and and sing
for God and and all the performers and
the EM season and all the YouTube
celebrities y'all I mean I asked you
guys to be a part of this there wasn't
no
every single day
here we go it's real
chillin s tuk rig myself time to get up
skirt on rig accomplished dog fail
attempt one guys sorry I'm trying for
you know you guys curious I'm in the
bathroom right now with a head on and
was a beautiful so I just want to say
one more time I'm so happy to be a part
of it if you don't know what music
speech was about AG Raphael's nephew is
autistic so it's all to raise to raise
money for autism and stuff and it was
such a beautiful snowman like a lot of
talented singers dancers the
performances were dope I'm sorry I
didn't get more footage of the shows
only you know because I was hosting it
so but it's all over YouTube just search
music speaks 2010 it will come up and
Big Ups to everybody who came through
and took our CEO wrong fool neither he
kept Jumba man it was just a lot of love
and it was just really out of all the
shows I've done this year you know this
is really like the most touching show up
into it's just such a good vibe in there
and you know Big Ups to EJ Raphael for
putting it together I mean I wasn't in
the video but thank you AJ and now I
have to kind of get my shit together cuz
I'm gonna be in Toronto this weekend for
Academy of Heroes show new light
entertainment there's a fire on my main
channel if you want to check that out me
Joseph Vincent
Michelle Martinez a little crazy but
junior ki know when talented people man
youtube.com slash Timothy you can do
that now and it goes right to my main
channel if you didn't know that already
so yeah guys thank you for watching and
till the next vlog peace you guys like
that chunk dirty though alright the
royal pain is this clean your highness
thank you
King shit
