so i got this boomerang from australia
right and i've been trying to test it
out for the longest time and today mia
Rick I'm gonna find an open park
somewhere and throw it here we can get
it to come back to us okay first attempt
don't is for it uh what is this shit
boomerang Rick everybody what he's doing
here we go to get me i hear ya is it ok
a little bit ah alright so i go second
it's it it doesn't doing something right
it's not doing something right it's the
boom right i tried out man come back
then I'm imma throw this camera that
didn't work at all oh great they sold me
a faulty boomerang in Australia a Koosh
one yeah I guess we all drive make sure
i'm not in range that shit it's not
gonna work what the fuck a customer
that's coming back a little bit I guess
so we're just throwing it way too hard
too hard not those those bitchass
Australians just playing guys I love
Australia I'm coming back in December
Melvin 30 whoopee you know we forgot
what it is we do oh now I got that oh
that's a good though but it's great okay
it way I barely didgeridoos never got me
what the first thing stupid Ricky's
never come back dad great now Aborigines
came it's just fun playing the
didgeridoo over here the restaurant I
got some fans over here yeah got some
fans at the restaurant
yeah go there got some awesome fans at
the restaurant I mean nothing support
support support crew so I mean how many
times have I met you do like six times
with hands now just came from just
kidding I'm just kidding I love the food
I love this too yeah mmm in here well
it's kind of hear it well the geology
kind of here eating where you don't
where you coming from bro and you guys
do here for music speak which is
tomorrow hey my dad yes it's real out
here some you know Sam in front of 7-11
cookies on deck spicy hot dogs raspberry
lemonade 7 thug life baby you know Sam
it's real out here realize what we do
eat outside of 7 11 cuz we got nowhere
to go you know Outkast big boy on treat
beat LZ you got my dad watching the
vlogs the royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit sub dep
drunk yes you're not drugged hey you're
never drunk kept on a night friend party
here
okay you know say goodnight everybody
you gotta introduce yourself it's
Marilyn or mata from mater of fact yes
shout out your YouTube oh my youtube
channel okay yes I yet live even know
okay i am fucking snake from tits lang
the tits lang girl tits like girl and
and the black and yellow video black and
yellow black and yellow ah jik spits hot
fire me it is rude after that comment we
just chill there yeah take my money man
hey look look what he's watching I
watched tomorrow man that shit is so gay
so look man if I'm trying to be a mobile
and shit record label movie deals TV
shows and clothing line I need to be up
on game he's gonna watch this high
fashion a I'm going beyond the urban the
day in timothydelaghetto shoes the royal
penis is clean your highness Thank You
King shit
