okay so on my way to the airport picking
up Rick we're going to Calgary this
weekend again Calgary Canada loves us we
got love for Calgary and um yeah I'm
gonna leave my dad man all by myself you
get the only for like what I mean by
myself him dad you get to invite all the
crazy hoes over or you know what you can
just open the open the open the door you
could be that creepy old man anybody and
they tiny cheeks wanna trick or treat
come I have to be an Tina on the plane
watch TV we talk
oh can we candid the Sun no immigration
problems this time we here cold gonna
party yet with a poutine is what a Poots
hang it so I'm here Calgary Hotel Arts
this hotel is the shit man I really
enjoyed this hotel freakin um let's just
see be negative real quick and then
homie got the giant bed me a rig Finn
the cuddle all night not just playing
every got his own room chillin got a
dolt view hold on say let me go outside
but Nikki real quick so we over here get
down to some donors and I have the guys
Rick has a piece of red lien on this
shirt dude Canada got some sexy-ass news
ladies man mm-hmm-hmm I don't even know
what you're saying right now girl just
about to lay here in this giant
king-sized and jerk it you y'all hear
Calgary Alberta Canada Mickey Mouse
Halloween he's going
no worries you know we do it big and
that's how we do simply wicked nice five
Oh
all the camera
okay go
you're so flexible
what's going on man all right man
because as Canadians know I take care of
Americans uh-huh you're visiting us
again I have to give you a parting gift
what is this little blue bottle this
little miracle bottle call it's just a
drop all right so this bottle over he's
gonna save you tons of embarrassment and
make you comfortable to go poop in other
people's toilets Oh interesting you know
what you know what do you know how much
you use of it um just a drop or two okay
it's pretty good so what happens is
you're about to go take a take a poop
right uh-huh
so before you poop not after you poop
there's no way your doctor before you or
well just miracle liquid you take it you
take off lid you drop me drink it no no
you drop it in the toilet you drink it
you might you might get sick okay but
you drop in the toilet just one drop
okay then you relax and take it take a
poop okay right uh-huh and then what
happens there's no smell no smell no
smell it's pretty cool does it eliminate
the sound as well no oh no oh that's
very very posh you gotta worry about
that washroom crazy Canadians underwater
whoo yo I mean Regina Regina
Saskatchewan and it's snow on places
that's crazy I kind of see it
some dirty snow over there's yellow snow
over there just crazy right now vagina
where we going again back to the rack of
the wing yeah me and you went to go
check in for my flight back to LA I
thought I was leaving today but then it
turns out today's the second I booked my
flight for the 4th on accident I have no
idea how I did that but maybe say I
fixed everything had to pay a little bit
extra but I have my passport
everything's good I just got chill in
the airport for a couple hours
Regina you can do the full cheer you can
do full one and back to LA Sun Hey
scram sometimes sometimes when you're in
the airport for a long time please get
bored you know what I'm happy though had
some Mickey D's I'm loving it
had a couple mcribs that freaking McRib
is back I got so excited had two of them
shits finally back in LA feels so good
smog smog feels so good with side huh
sup dad
Westside what's that you got throw it up
throw it up the Royal penis is clean
your highness Thank You King shit
