alright so all the way from Virginia
introduce yourself manager sky make
music mixing rock hip-hop so you named I
got it word how's that food at the
restaurant oh it's wonderful what if I
found me give me give me some beats to
listen to here and I will listen to that
thank you for the beets appreciate it
man Jane Jane come here come here Jane I
gotta I gotta get a good ugh I'm here
San Diego you guys have to stop talking
asian american film festival a little
spread here are some of this bro keep
some of that now my got it the other
it's gonna know it's gonna blow my omega
I'm telling it well no no it's gonna
expand unless something you some hot
water after you eat it I'm telling you
that just doesn't believe what I've
never seen I've never kartini noodles so
I'm here with them Arden show hey with
that we're heading to this loud panel
seals the reason why I was late guys I
would have been there right now I'll
excuse what no I saw how it was it was
so busy putting on his makeup no
seriously girl you think if I put on
makeup UVC on all these uh craters and
shit on my word I keep it wrong no make
up just to the film what's up yeah
go left SDSU now at UCSD for the second
panel and yo what's up around the second
panel word yes chick Fabio bova hi thank
you hi no you don't you're not allowed
to be in it yeah oh I don't want that
shit oh you get you lose good day sir
yeah man it was up it was alright but so
yeah pleasure bro for sure okay thanks
for watching dogs for sure man subha me
like this
not reduce yourself man all right my
name is junior youtube junior r52
another much videos mostly a drunk
videos and whatnot thanks for dropping
me off on that problem and you are
jasmine bacchetti hate exams on youtube
yes ma'am download your until it tell
them to download your city like it given
the information ok Tim my voice is shot
right now but bad for me it's on iTunes
jazz in Phuket ejaz and my NFP ke te
that's just tight download it itunes so
what's up y'all woken up san diego after
a night of clubbing and chilling and
having a good time um thank you for the
people at the film festival for
providing us with just a little goodie
bag because i woke up got some yams and
then no frigging using this little
coffee machine to boil me some water so
i could eat this bold noodles right here
and here mom's gonna chelsea me my draw
since since i feel i'm feeling sexy
today I just took I took like three
shits so I'm feeling what is it Harvard
copper dog loves me I'm over here
Jessica where his house for so long that
was that McKay we're great game we bout
to do a song right now in five minutes
what where we are what
this has no dude that's my penis in
there oh damn got it for the kids man
hey I'm for the children let the man p
let the man peace let the man puc i'm
not i'm not trying to look at the weeds
internal you see I got any perfection
i'm here at the film festival stopping
by
oh hi hi hi
stop look at it to my boy sweet shut up
i'm recording right now haha ready God
and I heard there was free ticket up
here and check oh I'm so excited right
now so excited huh chicken anybody
spice
green room every room chillin lucky 60s
oh yeah yeah usually usually I trying to
get like a sexy ass bitch fuck be it but
now you try to get sexy ladies but but
on my jock bad words maybe I'm going to
have your face is so pretty solid I'm
not pretty as the esma is moisturizing
ago I mean ready sleeping on this wine
at the show Kappa Dora killing a shit in
the background y'all want to see how
fucking classy i am now collect your you
I drink my shit with 33 think so
yeah tell your father to go high you're
a doctor don't even bother you know I am
repping the d I'm in the SP you should
not test me here it is beatnik you know
give up like a g6 yeah I like cool bro
torquay what I you I am not gonna lie
yeah but why so high in the sky I have a
tie guy yeah okay yeah check it out
that's my DJ and go the name of Lee Jay
drive it down the 91 and I put it nasty
big Tim I put it on the low note telling
should come back to the room hotel isn't
in the morning please don't tell them ok
so I was walking around and I ran into
these girls who were studying and and
we're all gonna like spoon tonight how
cute right yeah so you have two children
hi hi when I really gets me the royal
penis is clean your highness Thank You
King shit
