you take video yes video why cuz they
love you who's that chick behind the
scenes hey selena gomez music video Rick
no Gomez girl says I kisses Lane genre
she's gonna get a million views already
or toilet for 12 so here we go my Selena
room and my Selena boo street my booth
laying here chillin you know doing this
music video don't forget guys when this
music video comes out everybody tweet it
to Selena Gomez and then tell her she
needs to go on a date with me okay right
just right
it's raining just finish this Lena Gomez
shoot got home free traffic mad sleepy
and got the email Johnny on deck know
when it rains mm um gonna go cut it with
Rick right now anything man it's really
flooding out here blood man what would
everybody that wasn't on the art window
or complaining about that's fucked up
Rick driving my mom to the airport and
she's going to Thailand for lunch yes
yeah
yes
ok
thailand haha one month for one month
yes sponsor by my man he's the man so
next time he gonna pay for me yeah trip
to Hawaii myself shake no mames out who
you and me okay you and me oh I call the
two can I have it is okay sure he's the
man thanks daddy Thank that you're cool
hey my mom is so easy
let me mum dad dad 30 days from now
where I come pick you up okay strip club
let's go male strippers that's cool this
is the biggest dog oh my god oh yeah oh
yeah there's like a horse that's cool
bro oh wait we'll get it just so they
can see how big it is so I'm leaving my
dad home alone tonight says I'm gonna go
party at a a draya's with Andrew and
esna hate feeling dead don't pay cash
don't you say
so we add the w once again Andrew Garcia
the homegirls to love these days after
the singer was good we party taking
shots you know Jade ante a bit like I'll
turn the red light off because I don't
want i turn the red light off a long
time ago you don't know shit I hope you
go home and this is not on there than
you might you go to my house right Jay
come my house cuz tops of it is
recording yeah see what's up this is my
apartment we're chillin yeah then we go
here you can't even open it you don't
even know how to open it okay you don't
even know you don't even know why should
I opening tomorrow I don't think you
know what you doing here I just lived in
oh what the fuck oh wait here we go I
did that are you doing you don't know
what you're doing this is my bedroom
word this is my shower and well whoever
i have over up tonight okay i can see me
take it okay Jade okay I'm recording it
what are you dead this is the friggin
dolvett's apartment you got here see how
they load the vinyl player yo nothing
helps you get over i'm talking my camera
right now nothing helps you get over a
hangover like some Stevie Wonder records
there
we jump in the turtle a breakup dumb guy
should befall in the apartment yeah
definitely a kitchen couch get it hey
take pages you to know what is the pussy
lookin sexy whether the extension as
breakfast place man called the waffle it
was me my fans do what's fair it's like
twelve dollars poor or the houses
fancy-ass waffles we gotta smoke
standard walking yeah yes sunny
California
you know how it is marion county daily
palm trees at hollywood next to give
this is how we do out here man mexican
donald d watford ha ha pubic parky
hahaha you big party sup stop by best
buy and pick up some new musics that big
boy Bruno Mars something something
grenade for ya and they have to support
the YouTube homie bo burnham his cat
distribution doing tours started on
YouTube just like me if you look past
all the comedic stuff this man right
here this white dude probably one of the
most lyrical mcs in the game right now
okay guys well
I am packing because I'm going to San
Diego for the weekend and i will be at
speaking with just kidding films at the
asian film festival at UM SDSU i'll be
there 12 p.m. and UCSD at two-thirty
p.m. so come to san diego in san
diegoans sandy a guys come on to come
say what's up you the royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
