grabbing food at I smile before heading
to Las Vegas at traffic a tree shucks at
PT flow at Andrew a garcia bicycle a
serenade kim kardashian tonight for her
birthday haha neato
I'm in the background of this pig yeah
and she's taking a picture with fans in
the background I just want to buy a
shirt oh wow a giant committee okay oh
let's go get a shirt and a tie they knew
you for a second come on Daria we are
here in Las Vegas any sleep we got
American Idol in this in this in this
car ladies american idol it's like blog
to sit oh all right don't think this
particular for all over him up we've got
him to do this very well okay one at I
Tao tie out on the tie where the night
we're gonna toss out site out um and I
Cape Cod ashes bomb booty party I mean
can wear this boot boot parte de fumar
day party birthday party not voting fun
all right let's get drunk let me I mean
way I got young kids watch me man go
let's just you have a that's good what's
up a good ripping good times let's let's
have a gas and that pail guys let's have
a gun
walking around Vegas joined by Erika
David Hager you got something everybody
okay in a video right now okay ready
well what do you what do y'all do so
it's crazy right now at the Venetian is
like a shitload of people because Kim
fight at home and I drove them here shit
all the time yeah hey he's saying she
Rob's he's a comedian yeah the shit
you're the same bro yes it thank you
thank you ouch hey okay that girl is on
the booty nobody nobody you gotta check
ok ok I'm here right now get that shit
don't know don't be like Angie Garcia
and junior cheeto I'm being too singing
in the snow doing run
do a run yeah trusting Erika David with
my car I'm good driver I promise yeah
it's not good it's not gonna dunk it's
just because she knows the area more we
have a little after party right now he's
like a jockey home by now son introduce
yourself man from I love yo daddy is
daddy of AKA club Thaddeus yeah so they
call me for some reason it has something
to do with chess club some of my dad
maybe my skin like shit but you know
we're out here on the set of the last
call video video is man as we have a
good time i go with timothy delaghetto
point man man ladies oh yeah prefer
women ever on again later that's her
today because he's a ladies he jumped in
put the camera on you right now because
this is begin abhi we're gonna behind me
I'm zoomed out I'm boomed out let me get
the whole introduce yourself sparkle
Sparkle with a so.2d see you gotta
clarify that or else people don't know
I'm getting the letter pizza the
pleather pants get moist out here to
play the past all this friction all this
picture right here is hot out here
oh yeah yeah yeah we rocket study
pillows let him know let me know what's
going on we start to start the pillows
studies games yeah you know I'm saying
you get a pop and let him know what's
going on right now man nothing what's
going on yeah what's going on shooting a
video for last call oh and that's how we
do that's how that's how potent the
alcohol is yeah solid out desi yay I
like to cow so that's a real girl back
there like her behind
you can see her behind the screen
dude I always thought these were faking
like videos that's dope
did you have guys but they're like
you in like that ever again jamil do you
yeah oh so you're sick of seeing wangle
so we on top of the Rio go in a music
video may the Mafia timothydelaghetto
get an egg it doesn't get any bigger
real baby but capture what's going on
yeah
whoa oh we over here at the Luxor me ang
Garcia's chillin like some postures in
our pink shirt you don't saying shauna
uh trying to figure out what this says
what does it mean what does it all mean
I know what it means I really can't say
what is it all mean Andrew menotti the
royal penis is clean your highness Thank
You King shit
