good morning Jesus good morning Buddha
good morning so I'm falling asleep in
traffic right and sometimes and this is
real story true story okay when I start
to fall asleep in traffic like the only
thing that will keep me from crashing
and dying is masturbating on the freeway
and cause like because it's so like
nerve-racking it's so like oh my god
someone's gonna see my penis that like
you kind of wakes you up a little bit
you know and so I use that just chill
and I freakin slowly masturbate while I
Drive and then a lot of you think what
Tim whenever I masturbate and I see I
get sleepy well here's the key guys you
you whack it until you don't let
yourself eat until you get home and then
when you get home you just you speed all
over the place and then knock out best
strategy okay so I'm over here in San
Francisco sfsu trying to find where I'm
supposed to be doing this show and I
think you are a blogger also I am can't
read it yourself okay awesome
Nepal I'm like no and you are Swedes on
YouTube are you all right and now I'm
just I'm here and I'm late yeah
already so okay simply get over here
Stephanie this is a university comedy
night
the following is that when I will find
them
shirts sign that you are named Christine
okay okay okay Thomas a I want they what
I using doing with Thomas am they love
yummy cheese ready say love peace all
right thank you thank you thank you
thank you what's your name girl my
name's James and your channel is w dot
youtube.com master O'Malley I mean I
made videos for you it's cool shit I
turn famous in a week please please
here's hi after the show after the show
it's the after-party
oh yeah
over here
I'm the comedian everybody else you're
like a rap
two hands some here in San Francisco
chill in the hotel room all's gonna
catch up with my boy at my first best
friend ever from preschool
Jonathan Phillips what it do ya
year later Eastern a holiday Cisco Bay
yeah
that's how we do it I'm here doing a
party in my hotel room got stand-up
comedians you can makeup gurus or star
rappers you know along here hasty
staring Kassadin friends reve reve reve
stop cravings shoo monster the hyphy
yo what up I am back home and shout out
to everybody in San Francisco in the
whole Bay Area shout out to sfsu for
bringing me out for comedy night I had a
good time thank you thank you to
everybody who came to my little hotel
party and a shout-out to Jenna Lynn's
home girl what's her name
Lori Lori yeah because it was her
birthday I told her I'd shut her out and
shout out to cut out to Jenica from dare
to love who gave me the long hug at the
meet and greet all right now then peep
this dope I got some I was I went to I
went to hate street right in San
Francisco and I went this little vintage
store and I got this sick um it's like
this vintage leather bomber jacket man I
don't know where this dude is I don't
know who was the prior owner of this
shit man but this is freaking fly I'm
trying to like to get my bottom half
because I'm not wearing pants I'm just
in my drawers business just fly man okay
we got the Boy Scout shirt on deck now
it's time to go to this casting G party
here at a party a party with station
people
got a block I have I have to I gotta win
lovely and you say I'm the only person I
enjoy all the time your boobies outside
I get your hands cuz you're moving them
around don't worry
but yeah that's all good I'm not gonna
I'm not I'm not shooting you to get a
fun day I'm gonna use this for the
thumbnail but I'm not using me for it
strictly flip them I just want to say
cuz we're cool man
this is my home here I am the homie
choices the homie to be in the air so
close and I know you guys are pissed at
me for joining the station it was her
fault she told me and then we kind of
laid it I don't know no I'm just kidding
I love the space we love you guys yeah
the Royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
