the newest Danny says he who angers you
controls you know alright do it Rick
yeah
okay damn it okay so over here failed
attempt at making a video today she
would introduce yourself man I'm sorry
it's okay now Anthony brought a plain
little script we're gonna shoot it right
now but then like the crazy the man came
shut us down said we needed permits they
were racist against Asians and what are
you doing I mean I'm they they actually
said I could make a movie and like
invite students and brown-skinned oh
well what can you do what can you do so
people always ask me what they should
eat when they go to the restaurant here
I'm trying to get sexy because I'm
getting kind of fat this is a young new
that which is basically a steak of steak
salad spicy you can get it a little bit
spicy a really spicy right here we got
what's called pack see you but it's on
the skinny noodles instead of the
flattened which usually comes with and
we do some tofu in there and some bean
sprouts and my dad
back
what have what BG yes bye
I'm going to shoot some stuff now with
the station go with swifty specifically
how am i driving guys got my got great
got grapes in my hand
got camera one of them what's going on
my dad looking sexy for this what you
guys going old peoples you have any some
old people together dancing you know
dance is really all of dance Oh ballroom
dance okay learn how to ballroom dance
okay you know I watch Dancing with this
is the next best thing to the two
freaking yet by that Wow sexy that chick
who's that chick yeah
get it girl holler holler and you got a
clue hell with him good morning I'm
really want me to shoot her in front of
the house beautiful okay boy am i can
play my over here get some Sunday brunch
El Torito with the homies from high
school can yeah Chris and everything
he's dudes in a 5 min that long but I'm
alone
with the cool is good I don't like
coconut
how you don't like dessert
the wall more than crab the studio this
is so before closing out this vlog I
just want to apologize to this kid yeah
this guy's the ugliest picture ever but
hey I appreciate it thank you that
really was dickish of me and I apologize
for that man I really do appreciate you
drawing that picture for me and I should
know as an art student that drawing
people is mad hard so I'm really sorry
about that I was just you know diarrhea
of the mouth man I really do appreciate
the man I wish I would have kept it and
I'm sorry for putting you out there like
that I really am now then with that
being said a lot of y'all need to stop
being so sensitive about everything man
lately I've been doing videos and I'll
make a little sarcastic joke here and
there and you guys just go crazy on this
you just guys just don't get it I don't
know how old you guys are I don't know
if you guys just can't tell that I'm
playing around but I mean like maybe
just my sense of humor man me and my
boys we have like a really effed up
sense of humor man you know like we call
Rick fat we make black jokes we call
Peter ugly we make jokes about his nose
and make joke we call him like ugly just
to reiterate that you know we make fun
of Erik whenever he uses a big word we
make fun of him like like pretend like
he's dumb and shit
we make they make fun of my like they
say I got a little dick and they make
dog jokes and everything man it's just
we're fucked-up people and you guys need
to stop being so sensitive about
everything a Moute you don't take
everything I say so seriously sometimes
I'm a comedian man so what I do my
sarcastic dude all right and on that
note thanks for watching I appreciate it
I love y'all I'm going to UM San
Francisco this weekend I'll be
performing at SFSU at a comedy night I
don't know about the details aren't on
Google
shit or maybe I'll figure some shit out
but I'll be there Bay Area this weekend
how that's your boy teeth and oh yeah
one more thing I almost forgot remember
that random vlog where I was in
Vancouver doing a show and and I got and
I was in like a music video or randomly
because the guy was like hey come here
music video that music video is now done
Erik Solomon the new homie click this
annotation or click the link link the
link below if you want to check that out
and yes check that out also I'll be in
next weekend I'll be at the Asian
American Film Festival in San Diego on a
panel and then Halloween I'll be in
Calgary hosting a net candy Halloween
event so yeah see you guys bye the Royal
penis is clean your highness thank you
change it
