I'm over here at fuck him so I lost my
passport in Regina right but I was still
able to fly to Calgary with my ID so now
I'm in Calgary and I'm in Calgary we got
to drive all around trying to figure out
what I got to do went to the u.s.
embassy but it closed and it's closed
all weekend but my flight is on Sunday
so we're trying to figure out what we
got to do in Calgary
yesthank how are you Sally heart attack
look we love you be loving man I'm sorry
okay the question is you you step in a
room and you have what you have to
choose one of one of the two following
you neither can can sleep with a
tied-down zombie okay you got my house
excellent yeah man or a tied down
werewolf
oh yeah man see this was a good one you
recorded the weak one man oh wait and
they're both girls the both boys oh boy
okay sex with a guy zombie or guy
werewolf yeah man the tied down keep in
mind they're going nuts but they like
tied to a hospital chair something and I
have to have some you happy you have to
you don't have a choice I probably go
let the werewolf man because because
like I don't I don't like fuck thinking
anything near my penis yeah but dude
it's all hairy and stuff and like furry
it every day I know but if it's a lot if
it's if I close my eyes and like I just
imagine it's like bushy chick and I'll
be alright if I close my eyes I smell
rotting zombie no good Valley is so dope
making all these phone calls trying to
figure out what to do apparently
somebody at the Regina Airport turned my
passport in and that's where we thought
we left it at first we went checked lots
of found but it wasn't there so I just
hopped on the pain plane came to Calgary
soccer dude just met candy show man but
uh so now we're going back to the
airport shaking me like hey this
me that's my that's my passport and I
guess they're gonna send it or I don't
know how it's gonna work but yay where
we send you into customs again oh um
luckily my passport was turned in the
lovely Chia went to go pick it up and
shipped it to me or instead of saying it
FedEx sing it to me tomorrow life Sara
freaking love she is she's the shit and
now I feel like a big old pile of poo
my head hurts I'm like hot like my
temperature is high of a fever I just
want to go to sleep man so no partying
for me tonight
good night Calgary see y'all in the
morning jerky and I'll have them flown
in up they rig just flew in I'm just
waiting on everybody but I'm not gonna
wait man I'm gonna sleep
thank I'm trying to get you on videos oh
that's awesome or rumors so Martinez oh
never the County so so we in Calgary
what they are so we're here we're here
at the venue which is where we're gonna
be performing tonight and and how I'm
gonna do bedrock in the church how we
talk about penis or someone's with bluff
in the church just did now you know what
God knows what happened to him he's not
shipping off a couple of penis jokes and
then I'm like I'm helping these kids you
know I was in with a couple Peter Jones
in there God knows he's that tripping
but love you got they could be somewhere
it could be out on the streets they
can't cuss in church so they got to come
out here that I couldn't say well I was
in there yeah well he's got a small game
not smoking actually you know God never
said don't smoke the guy never say don't
smoke
they come outside a church gotta go in
there to say
yeah I just proved so show's over mean
Greek design autograph
penny for you Blagh Blagh
when the blog
Jefferson Istanbul his revenge
I hate jamm dick it's all good though I
hate you yeah yeah this guy's you are
the ugliest picture of you ever but hey
I appreciate it Thank You Justin from
his parents he's a good boy
isn't that is the cutest balance the
balance of sweet and hot oh my god the
royal penis is clean your highness Thank
You King shit
