what's up y'all good morning I am waking
up in beautiful Toronto Ontario Canadia
and this is the week where I will be
proposing to my beautiful girlfriend she
a hefty asking her to be my lawful
lawfully laughs little waffle waffle
waffle waffle waffle wedded wife and got
a run around and run a couple errands
today get some things together as they
say out here for the proposal on Friday
she flies in tomorrow so uh let's get it
y'all just to loosen to true can't shake
my heart to feel like okay so I just
ordered 20 dozen roses because I'm gonna
have them put the roses all over the
stage I'm helping just rain move aka I'm
watching just rain move yeah how's it
going boys yeah overall for showing more
support there you go yeah girl yeah hey
buddy over here for most important I
followed you from Long Beach huh that we
here bro you out here now your Canadian
resident Fremont just
fucking so Canadian teams that's what
they call girls and kings slide into his
DNA your little trucko
don't do that yellow girlfriend oh no
with slide in his DM okay so now I'm
going through the beader what I'm going
to propose that okay something L might
be asking why am I going to specific
Peter I survive sin theater in Toronto
and that is because a long-ass time ago
well me and she were together when we
first kind of like met up and shit after
the long-distance Facebook communication
this is the theater that we first kissed
that I had a show out here we kissed at
this theater backstage I don't even know
if you remember this shit but this is
what I'm going to propose because it's
super cute sentimental shit and right
now I'm going to go to the theater or
check it out can I check out like how I
want to do everything check out the
stage yeah just you know just kind of
like getting it organized getting to
figure it out with some lovely people
here and there's like a lion king set
back here that the kids are using to put
on a play
I'm not going to be using that um okay I
know just going through the deed
sticking around where we're going to be
going or going to be coming where the
family is going to be sitting where the
cameras are going to be and yeah and
then hopefully everything goes according
to plan it may or may not we'll see
what's up you the way she don't say yes
so you know who cares okay so finally
taking these braids out oh my goodness
you and I got the Roger from Sister
Sister hair away what do I look like
right now oh my god what was that
look at you have you seen the mob you
typical in the world baby welcome to
Toronto are you reaching Sam
bro bro what you say in an eye bro are
you reaching are you blem fam to my
straight bro it's just I got my Toronto
red rims babe so yeah she just landed
took a little nap taking these braids
out we're going to get some dinner
fam tie her Toronto fam
if you ought to know like half a chioce
family's in Toronto some like fine I
guess we can hang out with your family
Oh doesn't that yeah and I bet your
family's super dope that's one thing
about them being in an interracial
relationship it helps when the family
members are super cool and super open
and super chill a lot of kid like the
other day some kid asked me he was like
Tim hey man um you know the kids in the
last vlog the Asian guys I was dating
the the half black Japanese girl he was
like hey man um you have any advice for
like us because you know her family's
not necessarily as open to the idea no
no my family isn't as open to me like
you know dating like a black girl or
whatever like honestly bro I wish I
could help you but my parents are cool
as fuck have you no problem yeah and
like the fact that like cheese parents
are mixed or like gia is the product of
a mixed couple like I that we have no
issues with that you know things I wish
I could help bro I'm sorry but and
you're trying to mix it as cool yeah
yeah my parents just super chill
super cool so we're so cheese fam cuz
today so cheese from today we're
supposed to go out shopping with Amanda
and her family fan for real fan right
but it's like been raining for time now
still so what are we gonna do today baby
order food let's chop watch chop in this
uber heading to the club with us
Stanley didn't solicit like like getting
your period so uh and to will family
dinner somewhere in Toronto they will
herself are wooden where were they were
deep and you bins can put the wrong
agenda no no I hear he does not help us
the wrong address
no he's exaggerated you know didn't
happen
not never yeah her family wanted us to
go to a Chinese in place that I was like
hmm before we we agreed that we were
even going yeah true true
basically like Jimmy's very slow
jennifer and I have been to have a
training boyfriend so what if your your
family in Toronto became like super like
and get out you towards me but like
agent oh wait a sec they said come onto
me so how do you feel do you feel the
Asian experience is a negative or
positive was and I would do the girl
that's like in on it yeah chicky JIT
give it a cute G come on you know I
can't give you this TV this is a gap
boiler if you have not seen you know
everybody figured out if you ever seen
get out while using white they did fun
subscribe for me right
oh damn yeah never seen okay I'm sorry
I'm sorry if you haven't seen it go I
just wanna get moving hey you know you
yes
put a dog's there you know right here
we're going to go this is 48 with me and
our and oh what's ronald flying have you
learned I don't know anything
haha babe you're supposed to say are you
reaching fam to go have it well if you
got there huh did you just pull that out
of your purse now wouldn't you think yes
cousin that's actually I'll help you out
of there
hello ladies alright we'll hit them up
on Instagram on for the Instagram right
here applications income possible
knowledge
alright so let's send yourself you might
at the end the Mina's Erica judge who
worthy so if it wasn't the most toronto
day as it is going to be empowering shit
of course we had to go to freeing Drake
restaurant and eat some decent freeing
it's a brain if we Kings you're freeing
that's what it cost a free oh yeah I
mean to be like Oh kind of Springs you
want to do video what does back
got some asparagus for that stinky stink
pea later you like that better you ready
for that
and I always gotta fuck with a gnocchi
if I seen your key on the menu you
already neo ki okay so it's the night of
the premiere out here in Toronto and I
hit Vance off like a bro who should I
get a cup from out here in Toronto and
he would like yelled his girl draya's
name right yeah yeah he was like Draya
got barber bars so uh sending your
contacts then the house calls for me
getting me fresh and here's the yoni
what's your Instagram @cr e-3a and are
y'all sliders are diems and send her
pictures of your feet no don't you love
me yes I'd okay would you rather get a
foot pick or a dick pic could you
you hate B but I know a lot of girls
hate random victim so obviously prefer a
nickname over Phoenix so you can't look
at the sidewalk with nothing I love love
me I doubt so okay if you're going to DM
her don't send her feet pigs I dig take
no dick pic over foot fish I'm sure my
family hahaha okay for today's date she
is getting her makeup done for the
premiere because she thinks we're going
to be like walking on a red carpet and
shit I don't know alright so she was
getting her makeup done
sorry guys she doesn't do her own makeup
all you guys asking her for tips you
only hire the professional every time
acting than knowing that now she's just
been a lazy today it's all good it's
been like a scene
that's right that's right a lazy clean
house you feeling like Khaleesi today
you know and who are you mister yeah
Julia and what is there you get this
right here
what is your Instagram for anybody who
wants to know girl got you yeah oh the
show for shows if you in Toronto and you
need some makeup hit her up Vegas
looking good I'm good that's a theater
setting everything up for the surprise
proposal choose at the hotel getting her
hair ready she thinks we're going to a
premiere got four holes family here
what's up guys what's up
God gave here helping help me shoot the
video it's going down setting it up
super lit we got roses all over the
place
10:18 roses are actually cheaper than
american roses so alright so we're in
the / heading to the movie premiere so
that how you feeling hot feeling good
I'm excited see your your role part yeah
hey Liz good lips look pop in my hair
extensions in there don't even look like
extension to people
Sheldon own arms came in extensions and
oxygens and samurais films make sure you
watch the video when I uploaded on my
main channel if you want to see the
actual proposal the Royal penis is clean
your highness thank you King shit
