yeah vlog we in the booth right now bout
to record this Bruno Mars parody of just
the way you are started off like this we
doing this thing I'm having a little
trouble hitting my high notes hitting my
Bruno Mars notes but uh we're gonna work
it out when I feed your face is not a
thing I would not change cuz you are
amazing only from afar let's do this
shit I got it don't be this is apartment
name is good shit Oh from afar wait I'm
upbeat okay go again go again and wind
you smell the day long and until that
every day oh you know you know you know
I never asked you today if somehow we
booked with some where I tell you to pay
so don't ask me for a kiss cuz I'd much
rather be gay cuz advance on by the
restaurant um no I'm glad Oh introduce
um Jake Jake marks like
Shelley Shelley yeah but-- good good
sweet okay so on a way to shoot my video
for my Bruno Mars parody got a Ricky
Shack a super-ego and from super egos
cholo adventures sleepy mom AKA Jesse or
Jesse aka me Mom guys stop fighting
please hey papi papi you want some I
know you know it's funny it's like I was
in New York I was in New York and why is
it that every like every Dominican do
talks just like like the ones on TV like
with their eyes to adjust Bobby Bobby
Bobby no Bobby no Bobby like everybody
every single one do it clear he go get
into makeup done for a little scene
today that doesn't look bad at all
especially with that shirt you got on
right right would you bone Eric right
now okay
quite a little bit bye-bye to live Eric
this everybody's getting some nails bite
your lip little harder if it yeah oh my
tricks lube okay okay Rick Rick bite
your lip yeah I do okay Eric yeah Eric
suck your own dick mmm you ready for you
you ready for your big thing you're
sighs I don't know vamp a good good
you're good to go did your gangster I
mean your gene
um what's up hey ya know okay so my uh
my cousin got a big job which means
Tyson all might need a new waitress soon
so if you speak Thai and you don't mind
working all day nope if you can't
believe that like a slave get to see my
face every once in a while dupont and if
you're hot let us know side-smile
restaurant let me know email me timothy
delaghetto at gmail com with yes my mom
wants me to fill my garden uh-huh okay
and title it a waitress and attach a
sexy picture okay take it where you spin
so good they're not go behind the scenes
ski cholo adventures are shooting at my
family's restaurant not soon be doing
this how many doing this oh he's like
you you're going to go zoom like you're
you're ready to go okay see I'm pretty
good that's what we do it's what we do
all day every day yeah yeah okay tell us
what you saw that's how i ah baby big
and small what did you see thank you
she's a birthing giggles this is your
time is your time were here yes now they
call me dirty dirty d
hey y'all skiing now y'all come on why
is all laugh this is real out here I
know I know paramount exists right here
hey hey how you doing ah shit yeah you
got any good stuff on that phone shit
let you go have a good night all right
hey girl all right the royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
