okay going to LAX on my way to Vancouver
British Columbia Canada I'm gonna do a
little Club so on a meet and greet and
and got dad coming with me I'm pulling -
bye bye mom
goodbye mom she's probably won't know
that you know around a house cuz she all
cause she has all her groupies - yeah
Cooper's some here and in Vancouver okay
but uh I'm here they put me in this nice
little condo it's kind of nice I wore
this pink Mickey Mouse shirt so
immigration wouldn't give me a hard time
and they still totally sent me to
immigration and I was like ah they
always send me to immigration talk and
then check out the view
ready okay where are we Grand wet
Grandville strip Granville strip what am
i I'm eating a automating I don't have a
dome they're down there
yeah here we are
this is where the Olympics all along
these without boring bro
you know just woke up like noon and cool
little view though I love balconies man
I always just want to like I want to
like take my penis out right now and
just be standing here Nikki I'm in my
drawers right now officer other people
up here looking at me okay
nice in here I didn't take my penis I
look good I'll just take it out real
quick
I get that accident I'll get took it out
I'll put it back in okay so so I'm at
this I'm doing this little meeting green
I'm talking I'm doing this little
meeting green Crescent hey this mean
green question-and-answer thing over
here Vancouver and ask people here yeah
okay so now I guess I guess we're gonna
talk we see some choreography and then
alright okay
and she's gonna sing for me this is
Michelle right now I'm gonna be singing
for you I'm missing lemonade by passion
okay I like this in the rain let me tell
you he takes care of me okay
this kid the last person of the v-log
how long did it take you to get here man
two hours two hours wait and your mom is
so nice right
where did you drive from Chula Sheila
and that's far that's like two hours
away
oh that's like an hour yeah so thank for
coming bro my name is Solomon I got a
song on the beat call all a ll check it
out because it's blowing up I got picked
up on KISS FM in Toronto it's verging on
Calgary they got picked up on the beat
and is doing really well we're shooting
the video for muchmusic right now and
we're gonna put my boy in there so we're
gonna have a little cameo I'm gonna
guess so we'll walk it by we've got
randomly and they were like your music
video McDonald okay so we're back here
in a wardrobe for this music video that
we randomly stumbled upon I know and now
we're doing this I don't know what's up
there I got the boy style
Kassem G really what am i okay let's see
what are we doing makeup sweet nothing
about what are we doing like right now
right now video she okay yeah cool oh oh
so here's what we're gonna do we're
gonna do a quick crowd sir
No
yeah five o'clock in the morning let's
get on this plane go back home get down
this Tim Horton breakfast because we
don't have that shit back home delicious
Canada is the shit
Vancouver's shit thank you mmm I'm drunk
so real quick all the time I'm home
thank you to everybody Vancouver came in
the club came in the meet and greet
everybody N and his whole crew for
showing me love man thank you everybody
thank you especially at the meet and
greet to people who you know saying buy
me gifts and all that stuff Oh pick up
pick up - JJ for bringing me this hat I
appreciate it man I like the Hat thank
you to the homies they brought me the
shirts and the CDs and um and especially
to the mom with the two little boys who
said you know hey you know I have to
watch your videos before that my boys
watch them but thank you for inspiring
them that was just so dope to me that
you could look past the dick jokes and
the masturbation jokes and and realize
that I'm still underneath it all I'm
trying to give a positive message to
these kids so thank you so much for that
I really meant a lot to me and thank you
to everybody who came out I'm gonna be
in Calgary next weekend and I got a
shoot I'm gonna shoot a Bruno Mars
parody for just the way you are
this should be out by like Friday okay
love y'all peace the royal pain is the
clean your highness Thank You King shit
