waiting to get into this DMA after-party
I'm on my home girl with but it's packed
in there
I'm waiting silly
Rick his ball because he cut his hair
wrong
so what's up last night me Rick ended up
leaving that party because it was too
many people it took forever and it was
just too many people so we just bounced
I feel amazing right now though like I
just ate and masturbated and proved so I
feel like I'm friggin walking on air
right now man so chillin here in PD
Flo's room waiting for him to finish
editing tingle in my pants so I can give
it a quick look over so we watch it
together make sure there's nothing weird
hold hands hold hands and you know
circle-jerk each other while we wait
single in my pants that look at Eric's
but no actually turn turn okay
we shouldn't look at Eric's face within
my penis go and then and then as soon as
the cameras on Rick it's like and then I
play the ukulele every Asian on YouTube
plays ukulele
I got a tingle in my pants in my pants
please Peter editing monkey doesn't
fucking horrible your blogs News gave it
up like an hour asleep fucking music
crap back here with Miss Olympia Beauty
here in LA fizzy misspoke turn my room
into a studio pumping is exclusive
David's boy about the Rena versa - got
Rick here
Alec Marchetti anyone have a little
session yeah
the guys the guys I finally got my new
bed after like two weeks right right
then everything because they even seen
me looking for my cat this is dad all up
in my business
don't so I'm here at this super trendy
little cafe in downtown Los Angeles with
Ethne you Ricky shucks and got myself a
green tea and alfalfa sprout sandwich
I'm going I'm going all yes and
different oh yeah you never know who
you'll run into down here it's crazy la
la home of the youtubers now what do you
feel about that game I think he's
freaking awesome yeah you're awesome
yeah thank you
he ran away hey guys are you doing okay
I'm pulling everybody stuff all
unimportant but it's all good we got
action you've seen him on America's Best
Dance on MTV you've seen them in music
videos you've seen them in music videos
it's Justin Bieber you got going on over
there the ethylene
somehow is that right so new FM album
here with David Roy kept jumbo fill I'm
making it a lot I know you have all the
long cruise boys just kidding films I
mean GL of just getting films it's only
harder hey hey hey sweets okay yeah yeah
yeah you're going on you do buddy it's
only you know so the FM listening party
for the new album
yes it's crazy like now really uh no
like not I'm not trying to gas up the
homies were like front or be facetious
right now with you that whole album is
like straight bangers and hits like
every track was like oh yeah yeah yeah
so anyways now we're heading up right
Rick yeah wholeheartedly so right now
we're heading over to the little after
after listening party which is another
listening party but this time it's at a
club
open bar finna get sloshed right Rick
stop all your guys's hard work you guys
love you guys's believe we are extremely
extremely grateful for this opportunity
in this big incredible literally we will
give you the air scope office and they
let us do whatever we want
thank you so much Interscope thank you
to stampede management most incredible
man's baby and all of our family
yo DJ yeah DJs in house thank you guys
so much
let's get this t1 I will start with the
first shot they got a sign Thank You Los
Angeles girls off the dance floor
whoo long day long long day finally home
big ups to rad is rad for the t-shirt
check it out there you have two good
would - I ordered this but y'all need
said like make me a custom one hand uh
so uh yeah a long day hope you guys
enjoyed that day check out my new setup
she had a new bed blab Liberty Blau and
um and then here's a paint a graphic art
I did of Rick
Peter me and Eric okay tonight the royal
pain is to clean your highness
thank you change it
