so just got done just got done watching
my chat de face wants to loose it oh oh
but uh so tight my said that was those
butts if it was though
little Mexican nurses Sudha machine guns
man Mickey almost naked Jessica Alba
it's like I'm gonna go buy each one man
you go start right now that's how myself
dude Google is the shit like let me just
go Google something real quick Google
and whoa what what what oh man okay now
let's go at some point here's the
Beverly Center after my meetings I mean
up with this introduce stuff man
come on up any up goods right here
what's the label okay oh good oh good
and you see he just hooked me up with my
love peace skeet and cheese Mickey Mouse
edition well I guess you can't really
say Mickey Mouse about anything house
edition love a PPG shirt you get these
where you get you that you know Matt
WWWF goods calm a lot of people say
thing a little worried when they see me
vlogging and driving at the same time
it's not hard you see what happens is
I'm not looking at the camera I'm
looking at the road I have one arm on
the wheel the other arm is also on the
wheel it's just like you know I'm just
kind of holding the camera a little bit
with my fingers yeah I'm saying I mean
I'm in complete control over here once
again down are we Timothy did I get up
yeah
yeah one time I did this video when we
were doing the when we're doing the the
NW ia gig after VidCon now so everybody
go watch upstairs go Mimi
David space jhanavi okay you know like I
basically all your favorite black
youtubers like how to put annotations
I'm like no I'm not to him me and them
Tim Tim is the honorary black man yeah
I've seen him a cock-blocker ten he just
acts black that when truth and that is
under his asian skin he's black too not
that I want that nothing I love my Asian
man under my black skin I make submit
for me and on the outside you the old
white lady
so I'm over here in my ties with a
super-ego but to go enjoy the night and
put this camera way before people know
that I'm filming stuff and then that
wait so they walk by into the camera
back on us
oh we over here at Sears I need to buy a
bed I need a new bed because I you know
like I said I gave my bed to my cousin
and Rachael's pointed out that this
isn't 40 just keeping an eye on us
following us like we're gonna steal a
bit you know Rick doesn't have big
pockets say this is dear DeLaGhetto dear
DeLaGhetto
dear DeLaGhetto okay
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
