here we are at IKEA because because I
gave my cousin in my bed
what and so I need to do bed here with
super ego sexy ass super ego and 60s me
rock steady calm for this t-shirt and
now I'm gonna get a bed so yeah you know
I'm saying chilling man so doc what you
watching yeah ah intruders so looking
for beds in IKEA Eric fell asleep on
them on one of them gotta wake him up
err dude hey pick up there ya go ya go
so a lot of you may not know this but
super-ego and I used to work at
California Pizza kitchen's together in
this very store we helped open this
store put like four or five years ago
California Pizza Kitchen Lakewood we
open this stick with her and hers now
she's a manager she has a baby and
Chinese food so right now my mom walked
into my room with corn and mango just in
case just in case I get hungry it's
funny mom what's so funny
I don't know it's funny she's cornered
mango I don't know it's funny okay bye
get out some over here at 24-hour
Fitness hitting a late night workout and
I ran into somebody that like knew me
from my videos and stuff so uh I'm gonna
go he was like what's the flip I was
like all right you put him in the video
so I'm over here working out 25 fitness
you know it's trying to get sexy shit
and this dude recognized me
hey what's up man what's up man Long
Beach Poly clapper class of 2011
yeah man because everybody from Long
Beach in a day you know and fair amount
Thank You Timothy
oh and little crazy and all everybody
else that you brought with it yeah and
what do we do after a nice vigorous
sweaty workout go to Del Taco of course
24 hour to the for our chicken tacos
Plan C it's actually healthy it's
chicken
it's my frie we got lettuce we got a
super thin tortilla and this here gel
Inferno del taco sauce and I got the
naked
mango mango orange and orange mango it's
a healthy man I mean healthy I'm gonna
be looking like Zac Efron man I don't be
sexy like that everyone just watch
working out
del Taco tacos come on hello I'm Timothy
DeLaGhetto and yes I'm wearing the exact
same outfit I wore the other day with
Eric because sometimes you got to do
that so right now I'm gonna take a break
and we're going to the LA Convention
Center because dumfounded has a booth
and we're selling the Rocksteady shirts
so I'll be up there and right across the
way is like a big k-pop convention so
budget little 14 year old Korean teeny
boppers
we'll see how that goes
okay
it's realness just dance
yeah yeah yeah for sure yeah all right
so I'm walking around la near the
Staples Center right now cuz I got a
free ticket to this kpop concert instead
of Korean Won yeah I guess I don't
really I don't know what's going on I
got a free ticket though it's a SM and
power house you heard of them I gotta do
Jason Jason but not time for a reason
that's not because I did anything hey I
like monkey like videos too
you like videos too so yeah thanks man
all right shake that uh all right if I
if I get drunk crazy tonight you may
stir and uh yeah hi wait Thank You Lenny
food Timothy DeLaGhetto we call it if
you need Oh
haha
oh yeah my first-ever kpop experience I
enjoyed it actually I enjoyed SHINee was
cool it's definitely cool I was feeling
that the group of girls they were cool
as filling them
the Korean dudes I was feeling him it
was fun man it was fun good time good
time but couldn't see the whole time
that's really I didn't feel like it so
we're gonna hop back in our DeLorean go
back to the year 1955 when the Royal
penis is clean your highness Thank You
King shit
