so just get off this 14 15 hour flight
and I'm hanging out with this guy named
traffic hanging out with copper modern
crew you like Jay rides new light
entertainment we in Australia made all
right good i right sr good I gray today
oh he won't be needed a charger but I
have no reception I can't sleep I want
to eat so bad but i can't i'm fading
right now it's ok we in Australia you
know I'm saying crocodiles kangaroos
ships on the barbie and all that shit
man look at this this time can Australia
a shocker that we're here we go ten
o'clock in the morning but we're all
about to take shots michael is a bitch
is not stupid happy birthday bro was
that we got some crack group
I thought that off that no good all
right
oh yes and let us know what we're
getting right now you are getting an ice
cream which is cold Golden Gate I'm yes
Oh can't wait to put in my mouth in my
mouth whatever golden golden this is
bomb bomb the city in his local pub
watching some rugby talking about how
we're also probably put you to play give
this shit mad hardcore take a shot for
shot oh here we are just arrived to need
to be too i'll be ways with me world
famous opera house Oh get ran over
it would Yuri of kaba modern arrived
stupid some man we hear Opera House Oh
st. a lapras at the Opera House hi yay
nicely for dragonets drink oh one of our
friends had a DUI birthday buddy so
we're in town we're in chinatown right
here Sydney Australia we have mom going
to the Shu soo bahk just was Valerie
you've got ad passing you cassadee and
now we're treated like a british girl
forever we were looking for the soul
forever now we're here so um here we are
on our way to the club um gotta get my
dog on um on a way to sound check for
this performance at flo fridays sydney
um mad sleepy ready to go to sleep in
the club as soon as up soon as I finish
this performance man i'm a knockout I'm
the low VIP section I think J reyez so
mad tired Dennis yeah that tired bro so
hard drive mmm so here we are a little
waiting area chillin because you know we
can't just be with the common folk in
the club and we're performer you don't
sit on the wall get your back up off the
wall
guys guess what wait let me get a better
angle because if you get me from this
angle via am I have a like a big
forehead and so guess what I'm hanging
out back here right and I guess why
right into YouTube superstar sensation
now we're trying to get community
channel hi there hi my phone looks sleek
for more like no ok good actually in a
VIP area even though it looks like we're
not okay I was like when the lame area
we actually clean it yeah we came in we
came in and everybody left this we will
have him oh yeah hi excited Tim's about
to get this is I know it's not exciting
this is exciting right here he's good a
video in his pants
shhh no no that's all that was a private
video I apologize okay we're gonna how
witty she is so of chillin swimming with
people hi let me get a fringes bridges
minako Bank of fringe ok friends chillin
it's going to fill in signing posters of
myself Michael oh jeez yes that is that
the guy this guy design thank you oh
yeah I gotta get open please thank you
can you son so I guess toilet seat
covers are just an American thing they
put chicken salad everyone always says
hey the toilets flush in Reverse in
Australia and I was all excited to find
out and look it just it just goes down
from the different side there's not
anything all the toilets not sure you
just go there's no take the piss right
now okay guy but it's close yeah sure
you see ex post videos every minute yeah
hey shut up
via Harvard darling harbour here we are
at darling harbour darling have a day
with their name to share that serious
he's taking us out to lunch it's darling
darling harbour yeah yeah yeahs about
the smash when this seafood right now
why do I just said that yeah the royal
penis is clean your highness Thank You
King shit
