hello
I know for the time the load man you
better come behind man oh man - my my
kappa ok i lo jalapeno fillol oh yeah
take care - thank you John
I did it so take of it kappa ha mass ISM
customer wouldn't you die hi I am Adam
Lane deploy THAAD paneer coaching team
been to Kodiak been cordially up in
balla balla Trang well he's a tank man
gilja gilja
I never man man Finn cover wobble a
denier welcome me iy team I didn't tell
me
no just hi mottely if weapon never not
endow in oil a peg on let me try a male
might hang on many look to you Tom
videoed forever the medical but Intel my
lumbago per day levity melody Neelu we
like in the TomTom cannot believe yeah
my not prom doesn't injure me million no
way when I'd American million welcome
work hard to do cachinga hey you know
Tim I don't clean bang i watch me me me
you know
over here at Denny's um PD flow getting
down on this chorizo skillet this is hot
oh man it's just this sizzling how you
gotta eat it man
anyways what is it like body I'm gonna
530 is it really about 33 so it's like
533 I got a shoot with the station I'm
like 8 o'clock in the morning I'm like
going to sleep because I knew I wouldn't
wake up so hit up PD flow I know he'd be
editing um and decided to you know come
get some
Danny's yeah some over here shooting
another video for the station i hook up
holy shit what a show Jimmy what did I
say about filming huh
put that away yeah look at what Timmy
just some card on the side yeah man
kidding then take it from one it's on me
yeah a man sleeping too sleepy remix
yeah I said what's up girl my name is
Timothy you got a sickness
I'll be your remedy I got that money
favorite you know I'm gonna fall
you got the headache baby well I'm your
tylenol and we're the wrister fall or
summer or the spring or if it's the
winter I'm gonna do my thing you know I
put it down I put it way down and I am
the king
that's why I weigh my crown I put the
crown on my head
everybody knows it yeah that's why I see
them titties yeah you should just shows
it shows it to me I'll make you curl
your toes in you see my penis
yeah you should blows it blow it like a
whistle baby then I'm gonna take off
like a missile baby you know I do my
thug thizzle baby
yeah I'm grizzly grizzle baby you always
was black we mama
a minute easy fundraiser man
Hey
make sure you appreciate your mothers
all right not only our mother's name but
appreciate your parents man my daddy
does the Cowboys in gs25 says oh yeah
something's up something's up so they
came to the restaurant
and we go to the same school isn't that
fun we ran into each other just now okay
how's that food
awesome awesome time with man oh yeah no
that's just bomb - it really is - that's
awesome
bang that's the Penang beef right yup
this is one take a bite right now dude
how's that yeah yeah see that that's a
thumbs up guys okay all right I'm going
now thumbs up from this guy - yeah all
around all around
I got thicker I just did my first video
for the my team's bakery channel which
is a new channel I'm opening up just to
talk about shoes and clothes and gear
and style and all that stuff I'm
exporting from my video camera here as
you can see I went through my whole shoe
collection man just kind of went through
it really quick cuz I like it I get a
lot of requests for that like hey can
you just show us your shoe collection so
that's what I did as you can see the
rack is completely empty and as you can
also see I'm not wearing any pants okay
I had to stop by my boy Super Eagles
house before leaving for my two weeks
he was so mad he puts the wall tell men
conversing wall
don't cry bro I'll be back in two weeks
man what a thrill hey be safe yeah
you're gonna watch this I'll pray for
you
thanks man all y'all sir other people
and it's to give him Oh Eric all right
bro love you Ben yeah yeah yeah I
brought me fix my Haiti full of money
flex flex for the camera y'all not like
you get the good angle there you go bro
here you go so uh yeah we'll miss you
bro hey I'll miss you too dog it's only
two weeks come down pussy gonna miss out
if you look so hungry they gonna figure
that fate it's like your body with your
face your baby my nose you start
bleeding right now that's really turn
the camera off so you can kiss it over
right uh I just had a moment Eric to
that bag that bag cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo
yeah Hey all right guys well this will
be my last vlog from here for a couple
weeks because I'm about to get on a
plane tonight and go to fly to Toronto
Canada and then to Ottawa Canada and
then I'm going from there I'm going to
Sydney Australia and then Melbourne
Melbourne Melbourne Australia I'm doing
different shows before when J rise and
Kaba modern and hosting an event and so
yeah man like if so hopefully I can vlog
from the road if not I'll see you in a
couple weeks and if you want information
on those shows just
my main youtube channel you know there's
like dates and websites where you can
get tickets and a bunch of stuff man
but yeah so I'll be gone you know pray
for me wish me a safe flight love me and
I see y'all in a couple weeks
right right the Royal penis is clean
your highness Thank You King shit
