what
well
like $11 what's the part time not long
ago I went to see I do a show I'm
feeling kind of jet lag from the flight
with it's okay I'm still like the
freaking party all night up yeah I put
it down so well grab a couple Sierra
movies take them to the hotel yeah
that's my favorite dish I'm gonna take
him like this and smack him with a fish
down for you everybody knows uh no I'm
not dark in humming yellow guy I'll make
you hella smile it's your birthday
we don't find those races above pop
champagne cause we got that dough let me
hear you say yeah word that was magic
magic in the making magics
behind-the-scenes at it
you better put this on your blog I spill
your kin for a while let me just say I'm
the sexiest rapper alive let me just say
that and I'm the best the best sexiest
based rapper alive I'm so based put this
in your vlog yeah right peace so we in
the room a nice little room getting
ready at do prison at little crave candy
oh yeah I'm a father so I won't get a
chance to do this as much do it son EPS
and make it happen big yeah this is my
Agnes and ro word room keys right hi hey
David I'm making a video no Erica David
bangs and effect red pants back in
effect
hey okay so here we are in the bus
making away from the stove plus on your
face Plus on your face crazy
so we tell them backstage getting ready
for this so we have some people back
here the VIPs Wow purple right now
farewell Seattle our journey was brief
yet beautiful
I didn't get to know you all that well
but I felt the love
squeezing out of you
hello I'm trying to make a video I'm
trying to make a video
but yeah like I was saying Seattle was
fun it was sort I wish I could have seen
some more stuff but you know 6:00 a.m.
hopping on this flight back to LA and
thank you to everybody who made it
possible
Big Ups to everybody who performed you
know Eric David passion grha rise deep
frizzy frigging who else so crazy of
course and and and the rest here on
Gilligan's I'll owe you my could be oh
yeah one more thing there was this guy
at the show that gave me this really
dope it was like a turquoise v-neck with
a little gorilla as the logo and I lost
the shirt and all the pays in is but I
really like that shirt dude so if you
could send me another shirt to p.o box
680 paramount California 9:07 2d that
would be that would be dope Thanks
alright the royal pain is this clean
your highness Thank You King shit
