good morning how are you I'm Timothy
DeLaGhetto we're gonna do stuff today
thank you - oh GG pass for the Hat
Oh G cheap hats calm or og cheap calm
something like that okay so I'm grabbing
lunch with with my old with my former
armor old my former drama teacher from
high school this guy right here I was
like brand-new kid a pair of my high all
Mexicans out there but but he threw me
up on stage at the town stone with like
be funny and you know of course I'm
hilarious
so then after that everyone's like hey
this fool is fucking funny get hos
fucking funny you're saying
this is part of my here
what's up is Imran Imran you know a lot
of people aren't fortunate to have a
drama teachers who are supportive of
these new writers you are good teachers
eyes command preciate that's it
this guy put me Eric in the music and
super-ego you had me super you go oh he
put us in our first musical together
Oklahoma sophomore year yeah know what
you that's the only way I can get her to
stop nagging me I like to go to the
dentist to get my teeth clean
oh we're gonna pop this new Mickey on
top of my antenna the other one was like
mad faded oh wait oh so I just got back
from the dentist I wish I could lie and
say that shit was whatever but I'm not
gonna lie it was not enjoyable even a
little clean I mean it was one of the
bad it wasn't bet you're gonna think
like a G I didn't even scream I didn't
even do too much of this I just was
chillin you know but now they like it's
been a minute since I've been to the
dentist you know now they're saying my
gums are receding I should probably get
some more oral surgery to fix that
before I get serious yeah they said I
should put like a filling over here on
this little thing I got over here
and talking about just a bunch of stuff
man I'm like oh I floss can't y'all just
leave me alone
clean my sheet and let me go oh you have
a certain good morning Sebby ah it's a
beautiful beautiful day I got lot do
today running errands getting shit done
got a meeting and then filming later and
then a bunch of stuff what stuff you
know them so come along and ride on a
fantastic voyage slide so I'm not the
restaurant and we got some people
dropping by hey what's your name bro
Daniel Daniel Chris Chris Rebecca what
you guys from Bay Area San Fran some
sweet sweet Bay Area how's the food the
food is great great amazing pretty
pretty damn good a lot of people aren't
really sure what to order but yeah a lot
of people are really sure what so
ordered when they go to a Thai food
restaurant I usually pad thai or
Jane this is Jane the waitress mmm 100 I
say get some hot seat you that's what I
got here party you with like you know
noodles in vegetables and I got it would
beef you can get it with chicken report
response so my dad showed me this about
this about this pilot about this pilot
with no arms so like oh I lose the
terrorists won't be scared because she's
unarmed he didn't like funny
so let's give her a hand
and then so here we are at the Los
Angeles Zoo
viviana myself hanging out looking at a
meerkat
look at the two-year cast together day
have you seen a video of that um that
monkey raping that from it's the
craziest thing
hey bro I know you lazy jump around a
woman a baby see it do something here we
are at the Lions king of the jungle here
claiming his crown amongst the always
asleep for animal and human safety do
not beat on tour change the animal 9
what you gonna do stupid lame yeah I
break the rule yes it's me again it's me
again guys always coming to me he's
coming from companies your ass Jeffrey
Jeffrey come to me come to me giraffe
too weak and they're all vivid I just
come in a ticket
this one over here can't find the point
everyone's hiding from the ditch tear
down the crash
thank you say what switch over here in
Glendale Ileana just watch the world
dude
such a good movie such a good movie one
of the best movies I've seen in a really
really long time
I bought this dope ass pull my jacket
you guys will see it soon enough and
now we're gonna sip on this coffee bean
and make out
so my children I'm home after a long day
and gonna edit this what not to do on a
first date video and like I said Scott
Pilgrim was the shit it's such a dull
movie real talk like one of the best
movies I've seen in a long time I would
go see it again in theaters and I never
do that now I'm just gonna edit that
video edit this video and then go to and
then I see y'all Seattle I'll see you
tomorrow for rain holler at me have a
great night love you and hi the Royal
penis is clean your highness thank you
King shit
