ileana right there here's a Hollywood
Bowl chillin bout to watch the
Philharmonic get their orchestra on
orchestrates and shit young saying
some overhead in a now get down on these
animal style fries which will probably
make my heart hurt like a hour with
having a little meeting of the minds
with scalability see let's make your
heart hurt in the best way flog it like
love ya love strangling your heart
exactly actually met up with him just so
I if I'm friends with them that I'll
never be a youtube user I'm always gonna
be YouTube winner okay wonderful life
yes yeah here we got my dad fixing some
chairs from the restaurant my dad Darth
Vader right here welding hey look that
get you in action okay I'm not ah my
that's hardcore man okay lil know the
one who are you from their song man from
concord california yeah a bear you came
with the whole fam hi how we do I help
them have food hey good alright alright
thanks for coming in to see it okay
going to film some stuff with david
spade's and l thompson and Jonna Holly I
think before going on san diego for fat
people peep the vans game though be
right here and those and those y'all a
ready Oh check out these squirrels have
a sec so thick
it's pretty dope I'm not trying to ruin
the mood okay here we go here we go I've
been really tried baby trying to hold
back there's been so long and if you
feel like I feel baby come on oh come on
oh let's get it on he's trying to bust a
nut go ahead wait what's going on what
are we doing today oh the budget we are
blessed with the one and only timothy
delaghetto AK traffic law they know who
i am and i'm taking that footage okay
get up with okay who's gonna knows i'm a
slow one in the group the shots of the
basketball game with a jersey taped
around because I I never remember what
size I big out Sox know me mr. house on
st. getting it into la my team finally
get to do something with my man big
brick town Oh crew yeah this is gonna be
funny I don't know if they ready for
this time yeah we saw it late right now
na was so away right now so away with a
chips and I Mexicans this was something
that timro he said he had a dream you
know what I mean josh byrnes daughter
was in it I don't know what I was
talking about a great writing I had a
dream that one day what you got our
black friend and this white chick could
do this easy right of course the video
hey action bring it out
hey man you going off camera so there's
Rick here's me after a long as they're
filming we're finally here in San Diego
drove a couple hours were here it's the
night before fat not fat as in you know
but that was in mmm give it to me eat
yeah yeah not fat bizim the featured
acoustic playlist which is a bunch of
acoustic singers on YouTube and on block
TV a lot of asians mostly asians oh fuck
it we're all asians here at the show and
I'm like oh and Rick of course and I'm
hosting it with a couple other people
and we're here getting settled into the
hotel room here this is timothy
delaghetto I'm kicking it Sound Check
bat-cillin you know I'm saying
cameras on cameras I'm here chillin at
bat take a piece of the people yo what's
up
chillin by the wazoo just do behind me
up take a video yeah she'll have the
mean green right here me about this guy
oh hi hello are you doing her own oh
yeah man I can do the same thing I can
just turn on the camera and we can just
stop briefly now sits back with a venue
backing are you acting wagon there's
something for the sex sex it's all about
the sex man that sucks sec then we got
this line of people here huh we got a
cabbie the weight over again go
ok
ok no yes I'm what's your zodiac sign ok
all this is required I'll be by in I'm
gonna try and be sneaky and get a look
at the table behind us
so we're chillin here about to go to the
beach to shoot this virginity scene for
the musical I was thinking my book and
Eric Eric youtube.com slash super-ego
see if go
ok so we're over here at the beach we're
numb san pedro your long beach we're
doing this scene right now for the
beautiful got Rick and the all-white
cheer got Peter in the all-white got me
in the hallway we're doing like a
throwback voice the man type scene it's
gonna be so jealous hey what's up man
how you feeling doc oh this is how we do
this is what we do this is my job what's
up look I'm going on right now oh gosh
fun
oh yeah all right wait wait you know
we're gonna we're gonna all three of us
do that right perfect Eliza goodness
gracious that was a long weekend we're
finally i'm finally back like from
everything um I feel mad family man
Chuck this weekend I gotta listen you
know letters from people that stop by
the restaurant i'm not gonna read them
now though hopeful that much to finally
got a whole bunch of packages in the p.o
box not gonna read those now though cuz
I need to go to sleep man I didn't go to
sleep put these clothes away wash my
balls and down okay good night the royal
penis is clean your highness Thank You
King shit
