what's up guys I'm back from New York
and I'm just kind of playing catch-up
right now got a bunch of videos I want
to get done a bunch of ideas I jotted
down a bunch of emails I need to follow
up on like a couple meetings and whatnot
you know Santa's trying to get back to
the swing of things but um for now to
keep you entertained you know saying a
couple weeks ago me and casting G
collaborated he wrote like this uh
ruining my video me Cassidy wrote this
ridiculous plot line and I turned it
into a rap form you know because I am a
rapper and we we you know came together
with the station people and Justin
directed it and it's just a beautiful
smoothie of ridiculousness and hot
chicks and seed and blended together and
you know and throw in some free vitamin
booths there for you so check it out
it's up right now on the station we're
watching the behind the scenes footage
first and then of course on my channel
and then go check it out all right okay
bye love you new videos coming soon
peace peace peace peace we're doing a
crazy and Carolyn Phillips Terrell in
Phillips she's playing the resident
shubra oh shit oh you bet to do
something cool this is cool okay and
then drinks were cold check it out the
strip the sliding down the pole perfect
seems like that
oh okay put your name in this tag oh
okay
well from group to group and you guys I
feel I'm an almost-new I'm right there
with you my girl right mr. Rick guns are
popping off
yeah training yeah
hey what's all this Oh a chicken like
this look at all the students who would
you trust more me or what are they Derek
I mean I can't even believe I'm seeing
us out loud what I need to go watch the
video right after this vlog go watch
that video because I really liked the
way it came out like for real I liked
the way it came out like I'm proud of
that video the Royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
that's all you have
