Oh killer with this dude and then I take
a particular people do yeah it's good
let them know let them know who you are
yeah boy d Pryde of them I load that up
in the house I'm going to actually Times
Square word yeah you already know what
it is when ya to the camera over this is
the first time I'm ever meeting this guy
it's crazy this is the first times crazy
how many songs have we done together
like like you're like four or five we
did like videos is stopping us okay we
are finally man finally romantic slow
motion to
me
I want to have your babies thank you I
was walking chillin eating Ryan and then
uh I heard a screech apparently like I
ran into like fans and so yeah yeah okay
yeah yeah so now i'm just chillin it's a
camera first of all shout out to shout
out to the homie kid flow not kid flow
of young dudes with kids flow to homie I
met in New York today he wanted to shout
out and he also put up the video of me
getting taken away by the police and you
know after watching that video and
reflecting I just wanted to make sure
that y'all know that like um the police
you know even though they shut it down I
completely understand why they was shut
it down like I mean yeah it was a lot of
people and we're all over the place I
wasn't even expecting that many people
saw homage to say like you know first of
all like I mean don't it's not like it's
not like a fuck the police situation
because the police were actually mad
cool today the lady was the lady cop was
super looking out for me the other cops
that escorted me off I mean they were
just looking out to I'm saying they even
even took a picture with me afterwards
you know and the lady cop took a picture
of me so I mean big ups to NYPD man i'm
shipping outside waiting on ride this
shit oh yeah this is yoel this is my
yellow left right here Yahweh might
think it's anthony yo get confuse a
tight curls you know keep it tight big
word ghost Malcolm blaze Michael Jackson
be born work I'm just more sin yo that's
not not that nigga I'm that nigga yeah
whatever you want to call me over a
shout out to timothy delaghetto prima
now you know chatham i love peace feet
and cheese yes I happy fucking
you know I mean what oh you my vision
and apparently i know that's okay guys
my fault i'm over here filming said it's
okay chicken and rice that's what we're
here for it's three thirty in the
morning nit what introduce yourself o.o
i'm jonathan and a cruise ya know like
delegated el equipo de la Cruz yeah man
I work here in Hershey Times Square
and i purchased or
and you're you're like the best comedian
rapper blogger ever made dang dog your
I'm telling you man like you're gonna go
high you're gonna go up man thankfully
people like that keep it home all the
way you are man I bring it you're gonna
be up really soon too and you're my
favorite hurts you so employee man thank
you i'm actually the employee of the
month boy you're the blood I could I
couldn't get there yeah hey shout out to
the six women oh my is not align we go
to a shout outs our friend Jane any
scheme brother skin midnight in my life
and be judged in the house I say we
don't owe you just thank you is the
pastor's on your his advice it's like Yo
no Yo wrap up wash the fuck off choose
yo this advice sing like thousands of
there you go change the world change the
world one day at a time 11 verse new
york now the world oh thank you i found
out like my boys for far east movement
were out here to like doing shows and
shit so James texted me saying you know
oh yeah let's get some grub or whatever
whatever so then he hit me with a text
like y'all which love to all tell you
where I was like yo I'm over here at the
Paramount hotel blah blah blah and he
was like yo we in the same hotel haha
share the same room they said this huge
huge addition how YouTube stars go look
at how we do it Howard do you see the
luxury of them I can go from here here
one sec that's what you call like yeah
also which is convenience exactly
exactly introduce yourself to get there
you know progress far east movement we
are here on the Robin Kelly saw Hans
tour hanging out the homie Tim yeah all
right yeah
yo he come right over I'm not gonna get
earlier about the virginity oh yeah I
took his advice on the bridge and I'm
probably good okay wait hey Seema okay
let's keep the nails oh because it love
ya and I'm gonna get this last when I'm
final absolutely but they shout out to
Jimmy leave where hey Tso's chicken
Colorado yeah whatever what's her name
Michelle Kim shout for Michelle Kim in
Colorado this is where all the magic
happens you guys subscribe to miss stone
pizzi this is wild magic happens these
guys did the Geico commercial with you
right now they did the earth why do I
feel like yeah i'm a dyke reversals
push it with a donut but nice i'm saying
i gotta get a double but you know i
don't want to go nice i'm gonna work the
guard yeah thanks to them like what is
all the mad funny i'm showing the most
bad not look at that you don't look so
i'm finally back in my hotel room man
after doing that tracking video mysto
pizzi as you can tell by my asian asian
eyes i'm so sleepy i'm so tired it's
been a long extremely eventful crazy
week shoutout to everybody that showed
me love shout out to fame dash us for
giving me these shirts start out to
everybody that showed me love baking
york i got so much love i don't know i
had so much love out here man um shout
out to friggin everybody that came in
dr. picking Adele with the interview
shout to everybody at escape for taking
me out to show me a good time bdubs
talent Sean freakin Christian um shout
to kristiana marry Kristina shout out to
charisma of course shout to everybody
man I was partying with shout out to mr.
1pc Alex Marchetti of course shout out
to pratima Sarah I ashanti Jonathan
Tanya and anybody I forgot you know New
York was beautiful we also me so much
love I'm so grateful and I definitely
will be coming back real soon shout out
to man Giuliani 50 cent Russell Simmons
sound deep right of course DJ suss one
big up to the fried Ryan find dong oh
I'm sorry this is so long um but
freaking I got a shout out like the
homie bdubs told me he does little
cousin man so the salami beat up little
cousin man he's so cute he's ten years
old and he knew like the whole and he
was on the phone with me and he
he knew the whole high school sucks
theme song and like and he do like
another verse of mine and it was the
cutest shit ever so shout-out to Jericho
from flipped out crew and you know shout
out to everybody and why man drinking
love you Callie shoutout to everybody in
cali miss you guys I'm coming back real
soon the royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
