you're born a virgin for service finally
we will be rolled smaller items go on
the portable overhead so I'm finally in
New York I'm here watching Chuck Norris
in the hotel room I'm at a hotel in
Queens for the night just kind of
chilling I really have no idea what I'm
gonna do with my night cuz I didn't
really come to come with a plan yeah I
got a couple little meetings here and
there that I'm gonna do I just really
want to come to New York and I'm saying
so I got knocking out a couple meetings
got the meet-and-greet on Friday and I
know a lot of people out here but right
now it's just me and Chuck that's not
Chuck Norris so I was just informed by
my boy Pizzey of mr. Olympia that my
hotel is um in Southside Jamaica Queens
I don't even know that's crazy
um and I've heard of that you know of
course you know I've never been here
before but I ain't scared shoot come on
now
Compton Paramount Long Beach that's my
area so shit you go walk around a little
bit I'm strapped oh no not to don't rob
me please okay first of all you to do
yourself man my name is Sally Chris you
did Crosscut's okay now there's three
things New Yorkers never do well there's
three things that New Yorkers do let me
let me put away you get the light and
get be good if there's three things you
gotta know we never solve we never went
sightseeing we never seemed special
nobody in a whole lot we have a Chinese
store and everything block County people
the end their clothes are like - we end
the last six Wow somebody gets stabbed
somewhere
don't have as much luck that sympathy
billing gets a word out of Music Group
Keats in the city
yeah but coming see you guys name wait
here so last night was crazy
miss Doane peasy pick me up I hear this
though infinity so miss don't busy then
we ended up at this random swanky party
and we didn't know what it was for I
didn't know what it was for but I walked
up and there's paparazzi lights and I'm
waiting on the elevator and freaking 50
cent comes walking by in a suit Curtis
Jackson and I was like but I'll sound
like it's whatever it's whatever it was
it
okay so I'm peeing right now I'm peeing
right now and look at what's behind that
is great I'm pretty here at nuts
literally
lift those finally taking back the hotel
Russell knows it was fifty in the whip
he came into the elevator man it was
crazy little into the fight it was crazy
at the party jealous to my
okay okay so I'm at my second hotel and
I'm feeling this I am definitely feeling
this I'm at the freaking Paramount hotel
yo this is like the tiniest room of all
time it's like in fifth element when all
the in anyways anyways it's dope though
it's sexy and tiny like me you know I'm
saying what a lot what I really need a
hotel room for is have to sleep and
watch TV and shit and I'm about to poop
and take a nap right now
drawers and magazines we good to go
I'm right in time squared yeah Yemen my
hotel is literally like a block away
from everything
though
yeah so that's look you're on the blog
now yeah introduce yourself hi I'm
Nicole I come from Italy hey thank you
thank you
I got no no no you tell me right now
yeah that you see pussy pussy you watch
the porn star
careful oh that's dirty dragon
women for our baby ELISA me build my
home
so today's the day of the meet-and-greet
I'm a little like I feel like it's just
gonna be crazy and I'm gonna have no
control at all but it should be fun
okay so that was crazy at Bryant Park
police shut me down was too many people
they said I was a hazard so we're moving
it to Columbus Circle Central Park
shout out to I was gonna cab who came
and banged on the window to shout out to
uh Tony Kim Kim Steven Lee Kris Kim and
Gurjit Singh aka baby ji from Plainview
worse yo of studied for the green papers
what I mean dodging cuz I crazy you know
traffic's on the scene look to the left
and right and oh you see our fiends if
this park is the crop they hold me you
found the green and you're chillin wit
ur g first uncertainty must over in my
hand we love it we rep love peace key
and cheese fucking girls we piece on
that we leave we eat all on the girls
Polaroid say cheese when D to be okay
wait
thank you very much guys
nothing anywhere you get a cab so I'm
back in my hotel room that she was super
crazy man I was not expecting that many
people police shut me down again said it
was a hazard it was dangerous I needed a
permit to have that many people there
I'm so sorry to everybody who like who
took trains and buses and came from
wherever y'all came from and I was there
I didn't get to signing things I didn't
get to take a picture sincerely
apologize next time I'll anticipate more
people and I'll make it more organized
well maybe I can get a permit I
definitely want to come back to New York
and do it again I'm still here in the
city chillin
so once again I'm sorry thank you
everybody who's buying me waters and
thank you for everything everybody came
out so in love thank you for these
people that bought me the dunny shout
out my Thai friends Tommy and Jenny cut
cut cut
tough but none cut Kevin on kitabi not a
word and so now I'm gonna shit shower
and lay out the Royal penises clean your
highness Thank You King shit
