so I'm heading to LA I'm heading through
like Little Tokyo to grab some lunch
with dumfounded you know just a little
meeting of the minds and networking type
pain and homie meeting you know it's not
all business a lot of people like to
have sent me questions like how do all
these how do you guys all know each
other I liked you guys did you guys all
grow up together like all the musicians
like you know me AJ Rafael Erica David
Lee the effect you guys all know each
other it's like it's not that we all
knew each other you know saying this is
that the more you do it the more you get
to know other people who are doing the
same thing as you are you meet at shows
like the first show I was ever book for
was in San Diego and I didn't know
anybody except for Erica day but really
and that's when I met Michelle Martinez
Lydia Peck Kappa dog and true cry see
that's why I met all these people you
know I'm saying it in videos eventually
got booked for a whole bunch of shows
and we booked for similar shows you know
saying so we all just kind of kick it
and then we get to know each other now
that's like family you know I'm saying
like JR asked my boys are people that I
thoroughly like I look at as my real
friends see I'm saying and that's what's
beautiful about you too cuz we can go
from bunch of random people all over
just singing and making YouTube videos
and you know now we're like this unit
this network of talented
sexy people you know I kind of feel like
like I'm a sperm traveling through my
dad's urethra right now I mean
I'm gonna see my dad's butt here at this
Korean spot drinking this here green tea
green spot with his Korean do ya start
the star of the new reality show k-town
right here oh man finally home after
Lana you see are they sitting back in my
car man
free hats og cheap calm appreciate you
guys appreciate you too LG cheap big up
to my boy Denny for giving me these um
dwb shirts right he exclusives and of
course Big Ups a dumb fucking me up with
like his whole shirt collection and a
poster and the freakin wax and dumb
clockwise CD which is dope which you
need to get up.get pick up right now if
you don't have it already
um I just got caught talking to my
camera by my neighbor who doesn't know I
do stuff and a freaking mosquito just
came into my car Bob so I'm about to
head out too often and bug all of them
are oh man I'm about to head out to
Hermosa Beach from my homegirl Kimmy's
birthday I've known her since I was like
literally like three and a half these
dumfounded shirts man they're so
comfortable oh thanks again homie for
all the shirts I really appreciate it
and you know you know I stay fly you
know I stay fly has a rock for these
with the vet come on man come on friend
just to let y'all know I'm peeing behind
this doughnut shop right now cuz I
he's so bad and nothing was opening dude
it's like 11 o'clock and everything's
closed I really gotta be Oh talk about
your neck saying you're Christian I'm
Muslim
now that is the sin that be Jezebel and
what you wanna call when the
repercussion spin cuz you're thinking
this the Train girlfriend over in Long
Beach summertime
beautiful girl champ agony Scalia the
she and Jack seven branch
it's fine on easy girls hey what are you
guys doing huh
it's up to no good bang yeah
have the arm fried chicken and corn dogs
yeah and I went from Ileana to this
Pavarotti hey so guess what
it's 117 in the morning and I really I
felt like I was cleaning my room up and
my nipples just felt like droopier than
usual and I felt a little belly and I
was like man I need a gym so I'm at 24
hour fitness right now one am going hard
and I'm saying well I mean I figure I'm
usually up at night watching YouTube
videos of watching porn right now anyway
so I was at the gym you know do
something productive with all this
energy and just toss the wrong I'm
recording you right now dad because the
people love you
yeah I need to say anything that they
know that so I'm at Rick's house to get
a haircut right and like so I worked
like the homie AJ for six seven gaming
is no successful die straight not done I
mean don't get me wrong it's tough shirt
but you know I'm saying up I was gonna
wear it to get my hair cut in because I
still have to wash it you know I'm
saying before wearing it of course so I
had opened up the door to Rick's I owe
you Rick over to this yeah I didn't I
didn't open up the door to Rick's house
but you get come on you I'm on Ustream
with dumbfounded right now this guy's
just ridiculous you string that and
blogging at the same time it's Oh
Internet you know you're like all that
so Hollywood that's so internet so - bro
so - okay so um yeah so you could okay
so back home doing laundry got a pack
for or not pack but kind of get ready
for New York I got a bunch of emails and
stuff I got to go through since I'm
probably gonna spend the whole day
tomorrow
Ilyana since I'm gonna be gone for a
week but on Thursday on the station
channel we um it's me and Kassim
collaborated on a dope video wait for it
on Thursdays coming out as a dope
promise promise also Friday July 30th
Bryant Park is where I'll be
in New York I'm not exactly sure what
time yet let's say somewhere between
12:00 and 3:00 though as of right now
I'm probably gonna adjust that a little
bit like I said follow me on twitter if
you want to know all right good night
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you change it
