it's been a while since I said sorry
this is the only way we got a mood yeah
okay okay 896 highlight by about the
food a bigger bubble with still friends
but you don't stand for rocket to the
bang bang boogie say up jump to look
into the rhythm of the boogie to be
alright if they had us for the first
time ever gonna try this out see if it's
a see this good
the volcano makes me want to cry onion
and all the things i can't remember ya
know yes that's the only way I can get
her out of my room mmm what should I get
to drink today like the wart
so I just got off the star tours ride at
Disneyland which is like a right where
you get on like a little star if you've
never been in Disneyland Star Wars right
is dope i'ma getting on sauce it's been
here since forever since like Star Wars
and it's closing on monday i just got
I'm like a closing this weekend and I'm
so sad right now
because I won't be able to take my kids
on the right
Oh
the royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit okay so this is my
boys Stephen from OG hats giving me some
some hats right now you want to like
fuck man you let me know what you're
about what's good i'm chillin with
timothy delaghetto here over here at
thai smile smile we got the bomb ass
thai food yes i'm here to drop off some
hats for Timothy word and yeah website
website my shout out website w WG chicom
a cheap com OG cheap so now I'm gonna
reopen two letters from people to stop
by the restaurant you see how I put all
this stuff after the royal penis is
clean your highness I realize now in the
vlogs there's some stuff you know people
might get a little bored by like the
letters or the fans coming to the
restaurant so I'm gonna put all that
after the royal penis is clean so after
the world penis is clean you know what
to expect you know same so we got from
Texas here Tim dropped by your
restaurant today your dad let us know
you were busy filming the musical
anyways if I drop by again we hope to
see you here emerald supernova shot us
to Marco Pablo Josh George able thanks
for stopping by Texas I appreciate you
hey traffic is from July fifteenth
you're a really cool guy at what you do
keep it up Vicki verifone I what's up
traffic I normally would go crazy but
shoe man you cool give us a shout out on
youtube please and thank you I'm the
coolest guy out Seth so suit so um oh
I'm cool Scott out of all these losers
okay well simple sup the videos hella
funny you doing your thing given a good
name for all asian people your
girlfriend Ella cute too LOL gimme a
shout out or something one day that's
Kenny Choi ruined look kool now allow
people big up to allow people out there
what's good man bra where you wet came
all this way to see you haha keep doing
what you doing give us a shout out brah
that's Wayne science about weezy x um um
what's to say pronounce her name as
Chanel like changed the channel Oh
change the channel um damn we've been
waiting a long time for this moment we
drove all the way from Mobile Alabama
I thank you so fine plus we're about to
meet your parents oh snap but give us a
shout out XOXOX channel simoom phone me
kik so shout-out to everybody from
Mobile Alabama sorry I couldn't be at
the restaurant that day but mad love for
you and Matt love to the girl who said I
was fine channel much love I love you
you're fine too hello can't wait to try
the food came from san jose san ho
what's up repping future shock and MVP
you're hella dope making brent christian
we make you a little picture hey Tim I'm
so grateful to have watched your videos
you're such a great person never give up
on your dream it was so nice talk to me
for my birthday I love you normal Rojas
from carmel indiana Norma happy birthday
once again hey Tim big fan and you're
the reason why I started watching
youtubes coming from the country next to
you in Westminster County next in
Westminster keep making the little
Timmy's and Angel Sanchez neck letter so
many people in my you man so many you've
influenced keep that going bro you're
greatly appreciated david rojas from
carmel indiana I appreciate you too
homie and i also just opened up a p.o
box um if people just want to send me
random stuff I actually that I'm gonna
put that in another up in my main
channel tomorrow though so you don't
have to worry about that alright I'll
good night
