so this weekend I was in New Orleans
Louisiana for availa event which is the
vietnamese-americans youth leaders
Association and so I flew me out there
show me around we had a good time
misanthrope people go over Phoenix
Arizona you got a plate over it
more than
we got two hours in Phoenix and then we
got like six out like oh no we are gonna
and then he'll put a new fit and then we
go to New Orleans finally here in New
Orleans getting some motors over here
ran into a fellow youtuber you might
know me my not do wampie hi dude this
dude has been tubing as long as I've
been tubing man what's up y'all
yeah yeah ask me I forgot all work and
you know my boy Timothy DeLaGhetto call
me let me know he was in town so I got
off work and luckily enough he right
around the corner at the hoop down
you're hurt I mean your head right now
yeah man you know we down here go
sensing so imma show him how we do it
but so and uh everything good and my
wife over down the con and she cussing
me out talk about hurry up go to work in
the morning but everything good
yeah not man yeah word word don't take
it all
so we chillin in the hotel room right
now right tell me why I'm gonna show you
guys don't show you guys are anything
tell me why that is a human air man in
the bathtub and along here I'm over
there let me go and tell our rig is here
we hear we hear where are we again it
looks just like California where you got
New Orleans me who I don't know each one
important putting the camera on you cuz
you got my shirt okay we went walking
around Bourbon Street a little bit check
out the craziness saw some girls
flashing isn't crazy crazy-ass people
street performers
oh goody it is a nice dude
oh yeah pretty creepy okay what's it
called again
hey coughing yay yay anyway there's
still a little bit bigness whoops move
it faster puts a hold on her doc my man
folks look a little bit faster she's
only got two speeds right look at the
surface of the water as she does that oh
can you see a picture of the top right
there on top of the water watch what
happens when I do it there is so much
energy there at spraying water weight on
the necklace courtesy well thank you
young lady you've renewed my faith my
faith in you humankind
over here Bourbon Street
look boyfriend so everybody told me to
get a hand grenade hand grenade
then there was the actual event where's
buncha you-know-whats of young people
competing in different sports and
whatnot and they had a big music show by
dixmoor village trustee michael smith
who says unpaid dixmoor officer showing
up for work i think the good guy shares
will take over law enforcement because
we have couple nothing was entered for
long it's more dicks car officer Daryle
mormon retired from the hey look we'll
be an City booty doing this will be
brief
yeah
baby
thank you
and now I'm finally back home and I just
want to go to sleep so I love you New
Orleans thank you for the love Fela
thank you for the love everybody that
was showing me around everybody freaking
truck Peter
Tuan Jackie sherry Gary they all young
man everybody available for what
everybody everybody everybody thank you
for the love love y'all good night the
Royal penis is clean your highness thank
you King shit
