what's good I am now on my way to VidCon
the first-ever VidCon I don't know what
to expect I don't know who's up there
all I know it's gonna be a shitload of
youtubers with a shitload of flip cams
here we are at VidCon basically
youtubers walk around
hi we get my blog on a little bit your
blog is getting home you wanna get
better get home for a lot gets gone
I'm so good I'm tired of you I've seen
you all day I'm never annoying God all
this fog listen we're fended off by
those casts a long shadow is it oh this
it BAM sup sup I don't know who you are
dog d Trix quest crew daddy my ram the
Dominic show Dominic show em that circle
BAM Sam these guys Frank called me like
a week ago what I was like all guys are
great 50 naked lucky why are you same
lucky live on ustream up huh live on
ustream live on YouTube oh it's 502 lady
has a young issues so I guess every
hundred I say we want to take our shit
so there's k there's shaycarl way down
there
I guess you're the dancer oh yeah yeah I
took a break credit every dude hold on
shut up for a second cuz I pocket hi I a
little start a conversation while I'm
vlogging yeah well i left the insanity
of the ustream room to come chill for a
little bit these lovely people God died
looking flashy
so with day two of VidCon and I'm kind
of playing like tour guide today because
it's a lot of you two homies from all
around the world gorgeous kind of stuck
at the hotel kind of bored no
transportation nowhere to go um it's
kicking it with shimmy cocoa puffs
mychonny and bubzbeauty yesterday and it
was talking about their we're gonna take
a cab to Disneyland I'm like dude f that
a cab from West Hollywood to Anaheim is
gonna be so much money so um I was like
well I'll drop you guys off or whatever
making so gonna kick them in the
happiest place on earth freakin freakin
uh puffs Bub's chilis Jones and yeah
then I head back pick up dimes cuz I'm
then on my head back pick up dime a
dozen cuz dimes is up here and he really
has nowhere to go or anything to do this
his first time in LA so I was like all
right I need to show you around homie so
I have to looking for parking forever
over here in Venice Beach dime a dozen
shucks so on him from father LA ok
haven't kept up with lame ass good cop
ever
thank you know
so we're a Hollywood takings I'm soon as
a first Rosco suck get it get it
Roscoe's chicken Roscoe's chicken and
waffles he's from New York we've never
been had to take him to romp go there
people always thrown off by that
combination and you never even it up
from her like Brussels shake it a lot
yes wait yes sir there's not yet Oh
someone the black dress Teyana Taylor
I'm not even oh okay we sin behind right
here at the back of her hair FC Anna
Taylor dancer singer rabbit you know
that's it Google me google me baby you
know a song if you don't think google
that you know and we're gonna throw
chicken bones at the back of her head so
each other oh we all work we all we all
treated her we all treat her so we're
gonna wait around right now just do what
you cook they're boys cooking whatever
yeah he's doing the wop a little of
taking pictures roggen vlog vlog eager
bottom group photo la dolce like post
wapo we're taking photos chasing people
yes
I just got here I put me away
hey
so me rish are at Danny's right
and tell me why correct me if I'm wrong
but dead is should night no you can see
as should nightmare she might add a I'm
not like real talk like that doesn't
even look like not even like look alike
yesterday night the royal penis is clean
your highness Thank You King shit let
them know you are no girl is it a drop
on Spencer wait guys coming from you
gotta come out we got a car Indiana for
sir happy birthday thank you for sure
all right take a picture hey introduce
hiking where's everybody coming phone to
tell it tell it huh surviving her back
for sure for sure long word moreno
valley how's that food good and then
welcome how much you want my videos of
the video alright guys I gotta go yeah
that's a question you have it are you
ready for this where you guys something
is gonna from Santa Barbara's visiting
down la for sure how's that food your
wishes for sure and you watch my videos
first cool how's it going
