so I'm here soon with Rick at his house
we're doing a little busier here and a
little male bonding time young fan just
getting cute with my boy Eric do you
remember in a previous vlog I did this
black mask shit which year that or like
that one didn't even really hurt at all
like it didn't do nothing to my face
like it didn't get no blackheads or
nothing so this one here is supposed to
be the one that like like like globe
videos are going viral of that girl
taking the shit off and she was like
screaming cuz it hurt so did the one I'm
doing today and I'm excited to see if
they actually do it at you I can't laugh
with being unsure of the man oh my god
is it so it's super so close to my eye
look I got you got my eyelash a you're
not supposed to they get that cooked
here I think
come on oh my god oh my god I'm ELISA
championship look like a luchador Ramses
is number one I'm drawn rank I'm drunk
I'm drunk
oh I can't cry with this either all
right so I'm shooting another episode of
going Rob my boy DeVaughn Tyrell here
what sub-problems going on what's going
on bro and normally I don't just log in
the middle of taping episode but this
thumbnails about to be super away
because we got kostina head love you
know hey and where she'll are a sushi
plate I've never done this before
I'm just going this side for the
lighting song and what's up like uh and
uh is this like is this do you get like
a rush from doing this or are you just
chilling it's good damn really good this
is cool and I shout out to uh sushi I
cool I'm gonna finish up this show
because I got to be a professional shit
but I full screen icon size going around
I'm not sure any more and more stories
knocking at my door on the place outside
timezone got my pencil son another shake
so my people so in the sea of beautiful
white people that are here I read I ran
into me here what I am doing an adorable
little mix couple here hey guys and and
I am over tonight that's a beautiful
thing and you guys are a lovely couple
real quick shout out to the a to do the
New York because they all coming up to
me with Daddy on these angels are out
here with Paddy's yes what it is winning
I feel like be my mission in life is to
get girls to be like what maybe and I'm
a fire agent do now when I see this it
makes me happy right we are wrong from
disease so so very cool very cool where
you got from so
over
Oh
today I'm having a little me agree at
the filthy-rich barber shop rich with
club dog who fills up and it's young
lady afraid my hair hello what's your
name
Gyan Gyan for show and now I'm kind of
like you know wait to get this braided
and then the kids are out there lined up
a handful of kids and I'm going to type
W goody shirts and I do a meet and greet
first people that the no degree know any
better out I think it's an all - I don't
even know what like cement what you guys
are then I'm Brandon Brandon without
warning what times you here this morning
Oh Brandon Brandon pretty later 8 a.m.
you left us sick wha from weird looking
at what a treat I do our for you oh my
god police in Connecticut accepted into
a favor digi digi bond doublet is Yvonne
Douglas saying you sound like a sound
like a superhero supervillain Digimon
Douglas was a supervillain had to make
sure you watch the episode of going raw
with some Devon Tyrell Siobhan Sorrell
he's a singer right
make sure you watch that one because
this dude is one of the funniest
questions I and you just handed me this
shit yo this is it finally 2011 when we
when like the Golden Age of the Asian
youtuber when we were soaring in Citrus
oh my gosh Jason and where can they
watch your vlog follow me on youtube go
Filipino ninja for so also follow me
snapchat Instagram Twitter don't believe
you don't under the job Filipino things
you wanted me to roast a little
deformity over here man you look like
you tried to fill in your own sideburns
and then the barber didn't know with
permanent markers but you kept going you
uh is your fuck your sideburns
circumcised oh this man got a receding
sideburn Washington's no Rachel no
Rachel out of school
yo Ricky where you at man when you won't
come a New York
Oh hold on guys I got to see the both
day a leg Hey what do you both think
okay can I get one more reading bring it
on keep it on distance relationships
yeah girls in Texas yeah what's your
name
Bree Andrea Bree Andreea okay yeah sorry
name long-distance works it can take and
work me all right prions eh I love you
thank you for watching India and we're
going to buy you a new biotechnology
when that happens and hair is not long
before though yeah I got you I got you
too buddy through purity okay I'm just
trying to help raise these keys right
man you know I'm saying I'm like I'm
like an uncle Mindy screams Manitou my
pent-up session bombers she has heart
there's a Chilean Georgia mhm
have a go fund me page okay Laura you
know operability Alvin oh right so I'm a
lengthy to do go fund me for his sake
yeah longitude girlfriend in Georgia
scandal heart problems I probably
because the far apart should having a
heart problem thank you skate see you
brought up what it is bro I'm pushing
I'm pushing link I got you I can show
you the world
oh you can see shining shenmue I look
for you man people shining shimmering
splendid
tell me princess now when did you last
let your heart decide wash Ladin barge
watch any broke some hell is about to be
crazy like this guy also like my
biological father don't you fact yeah
okay wait so y'all just came from a
baseball game they walked out like why
he's not gonna faint
not when I got some of the throwback
classic traffic songs on his phone
what's up hey thanks for the support man
came all the way from Jersey from
Judgment Day
I've been up since like since s damn
church and I like nearest god bird or
been Timothy DeLaGhetto hahaha mortal
Testament and he was telling me he's
been watching me since the time the
magic producer did response y'all
remember that that y'all years ago yeah
I don't know about and I was like 10
years ago
and he was putting me on I know as
Mexicans in New York and he's ready
ranges over right over the rug human
like bro you know how you always say you
want some tacos you back to LA he's like
there's good toggles right here I'm like
it's nothing damn I thought with all
Dominicans out here okay Texican know
what is up man boy DJ phenomena blood
that I get over watching this blog is
also of your soul from positive they all
be now I may sing out
don't you think mother nature bro I
appreciate that thank you did man wrap
skirt yeah let him know where you may
find yourself at Tom young DJ's a on
YouTube they all I'm just so like
awkward over here by over here I thought
I mean games coming to a close this man
came in last minute with some OGL racer
yellow one - oh you have the Hot Topic
ones dude thanks i love peace eatin
always episode of an athlete or i come
to a minute I appreciate you guys for
helping me thank you for braiding my
hair
thank you for edging me up in failure
thank you for being here bro Thank You
job so now I'm the chill pro skaters hop
on this plane and head to Toronto before
the Royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
