my loving family just got some dinner my
dad putting my mom in a chokehold what
do you have to say dad Oh
so we will be here about to record some
tracks at the words house bottom from
Thai food at time inch pot size
compensation from Thai somehow what you
think man what a haircut right now do
you think this is the listen to the
brash life whoever had no leg no joke
hey that's my restaurant a 408 Alondra
Boulevard Parramatta California nine
zero seven two three I might be up there
sometimes maybe rigs up there everyday
at all the time
security I'm saying I'm sitting here
writing to this stuff for my homies DJ
IDs a little comedy rap album whatever
it may be
while written cuts the words is look at
the vast improvement look at the vast
improvement last on blast myself on
blast and as soon as Rick gets this life
because y'all can start coming to the
house getting cuts man I mean up to the
house we're gonna open up a shop we
selling CDs DVDs cut Thai food women
swingers and pussy you know 100 they
follow each other on the wind you know
cuz I got nowhere Minnie Mouse don't ya
leave state-of-the-art use the world
where I working on some new shit right
I say got my heart never sweat I got a
girl you bitches man you bitches yeah
thank you sit oh my god man
all right introduce Oh real quick Johnny
all right I'm Jessica yeah yeah I'm
chase we're here boiling crab you guys
love my videos like hi guys chillin in
this little towel room Oh even with this
full recipes Mike arrested pace Mike
let's go with me I'm bout to take cat in
the ones place we must do a michael
medley right now know how we do get a
billion views so I do bleeds tomorrow
for the tour how you feelin man it's
gonna be crazy man it's gonna be crazy
to do on cities man 51 dates and then
whoo I like three months yeah man when
the album coming out without as possible
oh I guess what even though this goo
can't be in it
music video for mr. invisible coming
soon like a 1 in like a month
stay tuned going to do flaps Waggin
Waggin Waggin Waggin and doing cocaine
Oh God
that's America I'd away
so I left Andrews hotel room and I was
so hungry
so I freaking hit up Beauty flow with up
editing noise uh uh editing uh not the
musical cuz we're never gonna put that
out and now here we are dead ease and
then use with this guy I'm doing this
video with Eric right now and those boys
oh hey this is going up after the video
goes up anyway right oh wait give me a
go yeah
subuddhi when you're watching so this
would be like my my third cousin out of
that way wait wait you're my you're my
cousin I first yes
oh yeah you're my cousin look he's like
she's kicking her first one's for me I
don't know I don't know you just call me
uncle man just call me uncle Tim huh 50
first dates
okay the Royal penis is clean your
highness
thank you King shit
