it is okay aside from being lost is the
situation it's 453 our flight is ahead
540 something right we've never been to
the certain point even in I've never
been in the bird they got us flying on a
Burbank Airport which is done because
Long Beach Airport is like ten minutes
away from my house but we're flying on
the Burbank Airport and when you're
going into Burbank LA area man it's
guaranteed bumper-to-bumper traffic and
so now we are struggling if we make this
flight honestly if we make this flight I
will be so shocked we'll see then
obviously it'll be a miracle I think if
we make it won't be hopefully look at
this guy he's freaking concentrating we
got to concentrate and get to this plane
man so according to my GPS this says
we're gonna get that 526 which gives us
about 15 minutes to drop my car off
check-in get our tickets go through
security and board the plane so there's
no way we're gonna make it on this
flight so guess what guys yeah that's
that
yeah that's right we missed our flight
by like 10 minutes
but we were able to book another flight
tonight for Vegas at the Long Beach
Airport which is ten minutes away from
our house but an hour and a half away
from here good I don't have away from
where we are there so Tim's loss right
now this bitch is giving me any useful
information man we just passed the
Heritage Museum which looks dope
we're gonna go back so I don't even know
where we are to be honest I think we're
like around Santa Monica ever supposed
to go back to Long Beach yes this is the
road you came to Santa Monica so we're
somewhere I don't even know what you're
talking about
look at the old roads like before they
built the freeway
so I dropped I dropped my phone down
under my seat and um and Peters Peters
getting hit for me where is it bro where
is it why can't there be people on the
side right now Oh finally got the
Baggies got picked up by mom boy
Julian's my school we're but today we
got cool little setup here
we're about to hit the club and watch
the paper dolls perform Julian
please fellow SOCOM to a man like you
could be just trying to find your spot
hello hello there now we are about to
head to this where we want LAX
as you can see the Sun is beginning to
rise in Vegas died hey fucker I'm trying
to vlog um it's around 5:00 a.m. Sun is
rising in Vegas and we haven't gone to
sleep yet we haven't been we've rarely
been in a hotel really we don't fuck
around go hard or go home baby
and we're on the gangster shit just have
some steak and eggs and trying to
contemplate whether we want to go home
or not I mean home is in the hotel room
you know or gamble or gamma I won like
90 bucks right now at gambling which is
pretty dope I never win so I'm kind of
excited right now I'm concentrating on
not shopping my phone or my flip cam
into the poor it let's move away from
the head so me and Peter have checked
out of the hotel because we had to be
checked out we have a flight at around
like five or six today so we're just
kind of walking aimlessly around Vegas
but jr8 told me that right across the
street from my hotel is the where's my
zoom my something's not working
forgive undefeated and thus pussy store
something goes chef right now play a
shop to check out these crazy freaking
vans I just bought it undefeated this
shit they're so weird I was like I just
have a good look they got the little
like Aztec shit right there
like leathery and suede at the same time
shit Sardo
don't cry
don't cry with a book put the blade
blowing backward video the Lakers win
the championship yeah
so yeah just to recap Vegas was crazy as
always had a dope time pickup to the
homies that was showing me around
Julian love that dude miss you man
jayati know as always big up to Damon
for hooking it up man
pickup to the Hard Rock Hotel soft ass
pillows freaking paper dolls Christina
in the paper dolls
I don't even usually go to gigs like
that that shit was mad dope I was I was
genuinely feeling it impressed oh yeah
and you can check them out on iTunes to
Lincoln shit right there if you're
interested and also that band after them
5150 I was quick with the drummer and
the DJ and the goal I've never even seen
anything like that I was I was filming
that so much but yeah Vegas is always
lovely and I feel blessed to be able to
go as often as I do and Lakers West
Coast
yeah people o people have been saying
look like Derek Fisher for some reason
oh go figure
alright goodnight the Royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
