okay so I was about to leave the house
when I saw a giant I don't know if
that's a cockroach or what that is on my
freaking on my wall right there let me
get you a better look
I feel like shots sitting there I'm
nervous okay yardstick baby but there's
gonna get on my pillow oh okay
easy easy oh no it's like a giant what
is it it's gonna fly oh the big ass is
that looks like a mom thing
be free be free okay or you know just
hang out right there whatever that's
cool all right whatever
grunting mom we got coming from came to
the restaurant here
oh you got the fans they so deciding to
be on you are you hey hey
hey sister for me Ilyana were in line
for this Kogi beef BBQ taco truck got
her some calamari tacos cuz she's a
vegetarian
but um so there's a strip club right
next to where the the truck was gonna be
and we had a good 15 20 minutes of kill
so I was like you wanted to go to a
strip club like your first time ever as
you like alright so it took it to the
strip club sat right in front this
little blonde chick was grinding and
bumping around and then gave her some
dollars to throw at the stripper and to
get your first strip club how's that fun
yeah
whoo so you gotta love it big up to uh
American Apparel for sending me a
shitload of clothes right now man we
bout to pop this open see what they sent
me
apparently somebody up there as a fan of
my work so let's see what they got so
thank you to Candice from American
Apparel we hope this collection of
garments will make your life as a
director a little bit Mack I'm long hide
young guy LaBelle can you not kind of
loud okay we hope that you're added to
your wardrobe closet for costumes props
or whatever you like if you ever need
something more expensive don't hesitate
say sweet thank you American Apparel
love you guys appreciate it everybody
shopping American Apparel cuz there's
the shit okay so uh I got a knock on my
door and uh and then these two chicks
open it up so wait what are you guys
doing here let me know where your
biggest fan like one of your biggest
fans okay okay that's sweet you know
don't don't be kind of a household guy
if you know we go out but uh okay so
thanks for watching appreciate it what
were your names Holly I'm thirteen
thirteen you told oh my goodness okay
let's take a picture
so it's Tupac Shakur's birthday I just
wanna say happy birthday to Tupac
personally I think I'm one of the firm
believers and that he's in Cuba or
something some Island in the Bahamas
chillin with a beard and maybe some
plastic surgery or something like that
I think Pok is alive I've always been
somewhat of a conspiracy theorist I've
you know the saying I'll Google that
shit I read stuff you know there's that
whole 7 day theory and a lot of people
like Tim why do you think Tupac's alive
ok well there's this whole theory about
sevens and how he gives all these
subliminal messages and his songs about
how he's gonna fake his death and how
you know he's not really dead and and he
and you know all that music that was
released after his death and there's his
supposed autopsy picture where there's a
tattoo missing that should be there
closed casket funeral you know all these
little subliminal things in his music
and then and then the fact that his
alias was was Machiavelli and there was
a Italian philosopher by the name of
niccolo machiavelli
who always used to write about faking
your death was the best way to get rid
of haters and and you know just get rid
of your problems and all that stuff and
pop studied him while he was in prison I
don't know man it's a lot of stuff I
think Pok is alive man that's just me so
happy birthday to Tupac and I guess I'm
gonna close out this vlog now cuz I need
a pack for Vegas when I pack I'm only
going for one night so I'll be in Vegas
tonight if this vlog this vlog will be
up before I go to Vegas so I'll see you
in Vegas tonight I'll be at the Hard
Rock for some event and um well it's
like the paper dolls is a band they're
playing at the Hard Rock and I'm going
up there and I'm getting flown out by
the way you know I'm saying you know I'm
saying because I'm a boss that eats
barbecue sauce and is there anything
else oh yeah so the people in earlier in
the vlog that came to the restaurant to
eat yeah I'm sorry I didn't you know you
guys should have just asked me for a
picture if you guys wanted a picture man
was kind of awkward there for a second
just asked me out on my um and to the
girls that stop by the house hey thank
you for watching the videos but about
everybody else
don't don't just be coming to my house
alright alright the royal pain is this
clean your highness Thank You King
shit
