good morning Canada it is a beautiful
day in Calgary Alberta and this is the
day this is the day of Griffin the Auto
Show I will be hosting and also
performing with these lovely people and
yeah man
Canada's fun man I dig it up here look
Rick Ricky sack Rick these shacks
it's crazy yeah so I'm over here at the
ribbon so it's over at this so in Canada
Calgary
okay yes sir dr. Sayed they're both like
signing autographs yeah
so happy so I have this little white
boxes on I'm okay
where I'm supposed to sign that's what I
intended them for by hours I was in
front of him in the in Louis sinus that
line so like how I would sign his back
these people have you signed shirts
don't have shirts so I would sign like
my name and then put like a lame
freestyle record on the camera yeah and
I am the shit I just find Erica David's
freaking armpit I'll put it down in the
worst way female on Friday yo just got
back from the driven event the car show
was crazy
I'm sure there's footage of us
performing all over YouTube there's
cameras everywhere paparazzi fans
everywhere
Mia Canada got so much love I'm not
saying this about every single speedy
Cathy no we announced the Cathy new in I
say this about every single said it was
so much love man thank you thank you
thank you thank you I love you thank you
now well we got a 6:00 a.m. flight
tomorrow well I guess today or tomorrow
so we're gonna movie everything in the
bathroom real quick so uh I guess right
now we're gonna shower me rake in a hint
I'm gonna head back and go to flames
flame sexuals not not not like that not
swing flames they're flamer like that
it's like the flames of the name of the
hockey team so we're you know you know
Canada they all it was crazy we uh catch
up TIBCO me I personally prefer the dill
pickle chips to the ketchup chips we we
heard real Canadians say a like and not
a joke they yo go like a real so now we
watch these balls off and go party
prepare so apparently this is like a
Canadian junk food delicacy right here
it's named after veg and and teenage
girls
it's called poutine or teen poon well
it's called poutine
it's fries with gravy and cheese okay
Canada okay I'll fucks with the poutine
I can dig it
algorithm dumb in German yeah so here we
are at Club take a little break to drink
upstairs but I got this VIP shit yes
put this on youtube look guys your
favorite YouTube singers drinking look
they're drinking guys yeah wicked guys I
know man but this is a Mexican I don't
know
so the club is is done your club is over
why don't and walking back to the car
walking back to the car you start back
up and wig go in camera where's them
what they are passions up there we in
downtown Calgary there's no rat right
you're not even from here and now we are
what time is it
I'm gonna turn it off now
may I get on a flight in two hours here
we are back in LA
finally after a long night barely any
sleep with that Hey
and no place like old man don't finally
back home it feels so good to be back
once again big up to Canada big up to
Alberta big up to Calgary big up to neck
candy calm everybody that shows so much
love man Sally Andy everybody everybody
thank you for taking care of us thank
you to everybody who came out I promise
you man if it was on me I would have
stayed in that line and signed
everybody's thing and took a picture
with everybody man but they they had
like time restrictions and schedule in
that they that they have for me so
that's why they took me away I didn't go
I didn't want to go like but I had to so
I apologize to everybody who waited and
didn't get a picture of our autograph
I'm really sorry about that
imma be in Canada a lot this summer so
you know maybe I'll see you next time
and I'm not give you I'm not wicked we
can handle that and I'm wearing this
dumbfounded t-shirt again this shit I'm
not gonna wearing this t-shirt a lot in
my own in my vlogs they're just little
comfy these dumb projects are so
comfortable man anyways big up to Canada
I pick up the dumbfounded they got to
everybody I love you I'm gonna sleep
tonight
the Royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
