see I am at the airport just be really
quiet because people are about to go on
my first ever trip to Canada pretty
excited tell me why this lady next to
him is clipping her fingernails that's
right next to me check this out
like I heard the snapping and I'm like
really one of them sits could get in my
eye or my mouth you're really just gonna
do that right next to me okay
okay I'm gonna put my toe in here yeah
so I'm finally in Calgary Canada what's
up
I got detained by immigration guys
that's crazy
ain't Canada does not play around man
they don't nobody getting in here man
Canada does not play around it was crazy
I'm saying the whole story later I'm
gonna tell you also it when I tell
freakin video so they can so you can
hear a story trying out you crazy dill
pickle days that's for you okay this
recording okay so I'm about to tell them
the story of why immigration detain me
right now we got introduced to
supplement what's up big York in
question they was worried about like you
know I'm saying um like us being here
and you know maybe we would need like
permits justice reform or I don't even
know what the concern was but so like we
gets it
Canada is crazy with the immigration you
know that hardcore shit man man so
anyways I get to the to the thing and
she's like okay we're in Canada for I'm
like to meet a whole I'm to meet my
friend or whatever you know and I
thought that would be eaten up you know
and they're like where do you know your
friend if I'm like um we never actually
really like met it realized before which
was the which is the dumbest which was
the dumbest thing you know then yeah so
she right she on the on my low on my
little paper it's just like she's like
go to immigration I'm like ah damn
so I go to immigration I'm like okay so
she already knows that I wrote that I
said I haven't met this I've never met
this person before you know so I get to
the front I'm like okay I have my story
I'm gonna tell him we met on MySpace and
it's like this chick that I've been
talking to for like years and he'll just
be like oh he's needing the street for
the first time like on some love shit
right so I get there like
there and he's asking me he's asking me
all these stories he's like so how did
you uh Hodgins listen like I'm talking
to y'all
he's like he's like how did you eat this
chick and I'm like oh and then on
myspace blah blah Blee blah and so he's
like oh why um so what are you doing out
here I'm just you know I'm gonna meet
him for the first time he's like oh let
me see your flight information
oh all right get my flight information
and then he's like and then your flight
information at the bottom my favorite
too he's like what he's like I just
print out my friends fighting thinking
that he's coming to before I was like oh
just in case his chick is crazy time you
sit in and he's like and he's like it's
like go sit down
you know I'm like oh sis I go sit down
and then I'm like shit what am I gonna
say and he cut some other chick over
here you know about MySpace and all that
stuff and she brushed she's cool
whatever right but then he ties me shit
in and she initiated and then and then
he goes he goes home and I swear
overheard also he's alive so many does
this he goes Timothy and that should
have been my first shit you know then
like I was like why do you call me
Timothy cuz must attend them at work so
I go up there and I'm like and I'm like
what's going on he's like so what do you
be doing here I don't know whatever they
want me to do you know say whatever I'm
gonna be going around you know so then
the chick is like you're making yourself
with dumb right now we know who you are
we know what you're doing
he's like going away your rooms I'm
chilling the way some crazy-looking do
with a ponytail so funny like think the
dude walks back he's like Timothy Mike
uh-huh he's like do you know what you're
doing now again I was like uh-huh come
on and you stamp my shit and he was like
sorry so if that much shit and he was
like you know we know what's going on
you your baby you're wasting your time
you know in plus you know you're not
performing at a bar anything so you're
good
that's my story like that I don't know
is like my brother's sister-in-law and
you know whatever you know fun we're
gonna have fun no more lives Canada
what's up I'm here we got to check out
the they coming to pick us up VIP status
net County Susy over here getting some
food this man
what's up ya know is always a few
fingers all gonna swim
yeah
going on about to go to sleep Canada
baby
Hey
yeah
yeah
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
