dad stop scratching your balls did you
recording call me i'm recording i'm
crying man what's up party people i'm on
my way to North Hollywood to shoot shut
up bitch issued a quick thing with
brittani louise taylor and then off to a
meeting in beverly hills a peak flow and
then the powers that be I'm just dude
I'm souls leave you right now that's me
i think i might be getting sick and
that's not good because this would be
like the worst time for me to get sick
right now i have like so much shooting
to do in the next week and writing and
then a candidate show next weekend uh oh
shut up bitch here shooting with pretty
love you Taylor I could just see Joshua
bieber donation hello yes it's wish it
was a surprise yes you can't sheep you
gotta wait for the surprise yeah it'll
be worth the wait though she watched
some candy I look to my left to see this
heifer squiggling wiggling around her
stinking crusty toes all up in my
peripherals and check this out this is
how you know you're in Hollywood or hey
when you see random sounds like this
with arrows and weird names that says
tilde that means that they're filming
something and they have a whole bunch of
extras that are driving from wherever
they're coming from to be extras and you
look they have to look for signs like
that and stay til de and then they go
and they park wherever you're supposed
to park and then they're probably
filming something in here in the gym or
something kind of cool right check it
out true story this I'll pull your local
right here Brad Pitt's first job ever at
that employ local right here and that's
real talk I learned that when I was on
us going to Hollywood one time and the
bus driver just knew that crazy right
well maybe it's not crazy maybe don't
care whatever f you hey hey Hollywood
man la man hey calm down it's not that
serious ok so he felt it so he was
checking his phone at the light whatever
you really gotta honk and do all that so
yes what a beautiful beautiful
productive day I just left my meeting me
Peter met up with the powers that be to
figure out just exactly what we're gonna
do with this musical cuz obviously high
school sucks the musical is the shit
you've seen the first part but it's not
done yet we haven't even finished
filming yet but we should wrap within
the next couple weeks and then we figure
out son of a bitch all right back at
waxes files about to do this freestyle I
can't tell I can't tell her thumbs away
from that oh oh oh hey I didn't see you
there how seriously I don't be not that
I am but yeah there's been a long couple
days I'm just tired man but tomorrow
we're gonna film another we have another
weekend of shooting for the musical and
um we're gonna wrap it up in a couple
weeks and Yemen so hey guys good night
love you girl oh yeah o Queen Latifah
yeah so one of the final days on the set
here of high school sucks beautiful Rick
hear me here my characters ayo first
character is Kelvin Carter the school
pimp and religious counselor I'm a oh
the school's drug dealer and you know
basically the guy you go to for
everything
Oh kiss daddy he plays the lead baby I'm
giving y'all I'll finally give me
awesome background davedays gonna dunk
right now yeah okay I can dunk soon
davedays oh here we go almost almost
what 1 million subscribers you can't
even dunk oh sweet okay what's good
green screen that's it pressures on bro
wooo lame live awesome mean egg blog
blogs all day brought just go down your
chin yeah on the humble videos on second
to the bottom stick ankle man can too or
on the four channel check it out of the
blog chance check it out bro you don't
have a vlog can I have a second channel
do you it's not all blogs like total
random boy all right logs Janet Lawrence
man I know I know I know I know but
whatever do hate Dave days oh I mean I'm
someone heard something about
I mean I mean I love Dave days just for
on your golf game Shannon so happy argh
about the camera the royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
