okay before I go get dinner right now
shoutouts to uh to John in Italy
Jonathan or John John in Italy and Wolf
kids shut up to the kids from oh yeah I
know I Aviano high school in Italy cuz
their parents just went to Afghanistan
no shot out to John and the kids in
Italy at Aviano high school to watch my
videos in the Air Force and the air
forces are kids in there no the kids are
like in high school cuz their parents
are in the Air Force but John familiar
Oh shout-out to Joanna Air Force in
Italy and the kids at Aviano high school
so uh behind the scenes of hey soy see
you guys know I so shirts on Panik pop
calm the love ski piece of cheese and
also the no racial but if you enjoy my
boy Eric's video super ego the cholo you
know I'm saying the man with a million
faces he also has shirts hanging fob com
get down crazy just released you know
I'm saying set it off panic pop com get
down crazy shirts my shirts ma hoodies
all that shit okay Gabby Gabby Shirts
khaki shirts com American what something
Jimmy shirts yeah I'm saying uh we fit
all sizes one size is all GD shirts
sweaters sweaters and um yeah
Ricca Briggs now wait a sec give it guys
she's not even funny anymore so right
now I was hit up like maybe like a week
and a half ago to possibly be a last
minute addition to this show that um
that the sorority from Cal State
Fullerton on to believe is putting on
and uh I was like I don't know maybe man
I don't know I don't know I don't know
cuz I just got back from Vegas and then
um she hit me up like hey one of our
peoples backed out could you please we
got a free t-shirt in it for you alright
man i'll stop by do like a song and a
half and that's exactly what i'm doing i
didn't even tell her what i was gonna do
i'm just i don't know i'm coming really
but my shit is on the flyer to my name
is on the flyer so i guess i'm just come
say hi I do love shirt anyway it's at a
park got a little too much pussy air
their dog poo Chris Markham dilma stage
oh shit let me let me not get ya me
we're already went on stage it's cool I
do like a song and a half and uh and
then uh oh thank you I'm not done you
guys I answered a couple duty like you
know questions and crystal Cruz drink
the water bottle no she did onstage ate
a banana Jenny what some over here at
waxes spot we're doing this video for
bubble guts I'm about to apply this fake
diarrhea to his a business slacks gonna
reapply this race no just the first
thing he did once you got yeah it's just
I just got it okay I'm squirting this
away try to get the whole okay okay
there we go it's warm too happy
action what's up yeah select lock
himself out this is him getting back to
his apartment for good but we're filming
right this will be blessed youtube video
ever made really oh my god
just watch reporting to you live I don't
know if you can see the shit on tennis
pants he's supposed to look like you
just shit himself he's running through
the toilet I smell an Oscar I didn't
know it's gonna be so big yeah so as you
can see pops is knocked out in my bed I
just want to take this time to say
tomorrow don't forget if in the San
Diego area Morris high school I will be
performing with a whole bunch of
talented people linked to the flyer down
below in my pants and I don't know how
many of these I've read before shoutouts
to Joel from Tucson Arizona stop by the
restaurant youtube.com / p 0 mx8 thanks
for stopping by homie I think if I read
this shoutouts to these girls how do you
hoe from Christine mere sheer skira
cloaca and Jude it out breath you guys
got you guys work on this on this
handwriting man if you try to have me
read the shout out stuff but thanks for
coming the restaurant they said they
liked the special ingredient yeah i
skeeted all over that food man um let's
see oh I got somebody on number um read
that one read this one so guys how you
doing I know this blog is kind of man
Jackie Willis Edwin from MK HS that I
shoutouts to you guys did I read this
one already shoutouts to I read that
when I ready and um a shout out to Glen
and Justin estonia from san jose
california san ho was good was good was
good with good and um yeah i know this
vlog was kinda all over the place you
know I've been really running around
past few days but um I don't know man I
love you I've been Cal calgary canada
next week driven auto show um with Rick
performing a little bit a little bit i'm
mostly judging a contest but i'm
performing for
it and then we got a bunch of shows
coming up in the future manf again if
you look at this calendar here might be
imma Colorado freaking vancouver and
August New Orleans New Orleans on 17
maybe so much stuff coming up man just
stay tuned I'm always update you
following on Twitter and hey sleepy PP
the royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
