oh here in the car listen to the jams
say Akeno Peter the main thing here you
got he got all the time shut up let me
pee so I'm walking down one thing
Boulevard stripping anarchic a McCarty's
ooh
reason I think we'll find this guy but
we did he was looking for me
we can finally say mission complete
sorrow for Dutchess sons good I gotta
get it ha
sotto productions you gotta go
and then everything's your picture you
really want to show all right here we go
oh damn its own bear look straight ahead
there we go so here we are looking sharp
we're about to go shoot something else
for this mini Mafia music video we have
to get escorted to the top top tippity
top floor of the casino and everybody in
this of the casino cuz um it's just like
it's like the dopest room and the whole
sliding Hollywood so it's gonna be crazy
we're looking sexy as you can see with
the full body shot oh wait never mind I
look tiny well I am tiny fine I'll tell
them
I'm Birmingham speak Portuguese so uh
here we are in this like super
presidential suite I mean it's cold it's
cool you know the saying like my bedroom
is way better but you know I guess in
all right room I guess yeah I'm sorry on
the spot I mean it's all right this is
how you're gonna be kicking in about one
year from now
oh dude I'm Marty this is like my bed
this is my kick it room at home I mean
that's not right
I'm just kidding I'm just kidding this
room is dope okay yes vlog everybody
vlog miss the bedroom oh sit okay this
is nice this is nice I can't even front
can't even front - I know and yeah Brett
the intern hi
so we kick it here with a big Phil then
cross word Lupe Fiasco first a kick foot
so a grill
beware taste represent bill and beef and
was a mass destruction seven zero yeah
man it ain't no way to stop it away all
that shit take all that out so here we
are
the morning after getting some breakfast
I banked him he banged me you're not not
gay it is sweaty so in stick so yeah
like that pendulum swing they could got
hungry huh that's the hole okay hey so
we are checking out of the hotel making
sure we got all of our socks and all of
our stuff and all of our cameras joined
once again by JR Kinoko girl this is a
birthday I got a cigarette in my mouth
because we were supposed to use it for a
skit I was gonna do a skit with choice
but it would whole bunch of time messed
up in schedule and shit and and so we
couldn't do it but you know I'm saying
we're gonna finish it up back in LA
alternator check that alternator there
kid you thought y'all think this look
cool secret nothing little cool
cigarette smoking this and cool when
they say they're cool because you know
what's behind this coolness what a
fucking cancer cancer cancer
hey and you know what else hey no
impotence the smoking causes impotence
yeah yeah smoking comes because you have
impotence and then you got to get
prostitutes nope your penis yeah for
those who you don't know impetus means
and easier the penis it has trouble
getting it wrecked me
I have trouble staying soft at this
point I'm always a wreck I'm just always
a wreck you ever there no smoking for me
so Vegas we gonna have one last romp
around the area before we hop on this
plane tonight so I'm buying this drink
yes I'm Loki YouTube famous - so a lot
of people are gonna see this a lot
exactly I don't know they know something
she just said the neighborhood yeah
since at 10:00 sharp
thank you
of course what are you tubers ooh and
make videos and then watch them and then
refresh repeatedly leave a comment in
the comment where we have right now so
well I well I know it has to be Las
Vegas all right you take it to mom we
had oh we had a chicken fingers place is
Blom though and i got about the rest of
this guys you guys I'm not wrong right
now but I'm beginning to feel the thingy
not even singly I'm not even Finkley yet
but I'll tell you this delicious ass
chicken finger right here
firstly we hate that is good when the
Lord's the lutes mellow a lot your
ability below zero that is wrong but the
Lord
the law says it is the Filipino delicacy
where the duck fetus a duck egg and
exactly what you're talking about yeah
oh yeah you have you have a Filipino on
your yeah and I'm sorry
fashion is man discuss I would want to
try and you ever try one before it
tastes like vomit inside of northern yes
like no joke it tastes like vomit like
it tastes like vomit you do eaten vomit
no but I vomited out of my mouth yeah
but that shit's coming out of your mouth
though yeah but it's coming from word
this is the opposite of eating I've
already just taste like a hard-boiled
egg and then you got that like no feed
in there you gotta eat I'm gonna try out
one of these days yo tell your mom to
make me a fucking below one and I'm
gonna eat that shit we're gonna agree it
tastes like love it okay my Filipino
people I'm not gonna be known for my my
Filipino people's well tried a bit Lord
put in a comment how that should taste
and let me know because I'm a try one
one day
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
