what's up y'all good morning I'm in
sunny San Diego for another stop on the
tour the fat New Belgium tour tour and
you know I come out to these things I
should do some people host a little bit
and I'm chillin chillin havin a good
time San Diego is beautiful I loved me
from San Diago well vagina if you don't
want to come through say what's up I'm
not like performing on these things I'm
just kind of hosting so a lot of times
I'm chillin so if you see me on the side
chillin or like walking around come see
what's up
I never want to be here that service
provider was Time Warner Cable of course
would love done whatever on you in the
vlog bro there it is you spam right
Thank You Man thank you thank you thank
you thank you man so I'm moving head
toward the fat you know I'm saying
you're Belgian beer we out here Fat Tire
of beer we out here drinking it
somebody shows all the ages of some of
whom was 21 and up apparently this one
was 21 and up and oh and it's this kid
couldn't get any what's up rubble you my
name is Vincent I come here makes the
high school while I go Miramar right now
huh and I've been looking for Timothy
for like a long time just like walking
around here I can't get in that stupid
security I know he had a security guard
come up to me while I was trying to take
a break oh I'm sorry I you can run
thanks for watching
Oh
ready
Hey
Wow
damn house amazing America was a big
thing look good look good good
everybody's mad all right now they got
1081 going to hurricane may not that
mine and they got they got matt has
pennies reals on specific possibly San
Diego for the tortoise Pat and I
yesterday there was from Mike reporters
they slid in my DM and they were like
hey man we can't get into the van
because 21 and over and I was like I I
come to the lobby tomorrow before I hop
in this car
and I'm here yeah hey what's up what's
up what's up hi what's up are you got a
present oh why eat my brother yes Oh
yummy goes my hey what's that what's up
who are you guys are you from yo Arizona
aha ok ok ok
for sure you don't you any all right
long tho Anthony called yeah yeah it's a
Walmart present room ok I love well ok
with the fizzy spinner I I just bought
my first one oh thank you glows in the
dark
you guys use it's working working but
nobody
that's hilarious but it's a family
fortune that on the audience oh that's
adorable
you got a good picture we saw the
thank you my cardigan on TV mr. Ross
thing grows I always need to know new
underwear thank you Oh Mary Jane thank
you say it was hitting we're trying to
get the most random things about hey I
appreciate it
all right cool let's take himself you
let me see you go all right so for the
first time ever I'm at JK films his new
studio that you've been and how long
I'll be in you're not ready to be late
for three years not to two years now and
I haven't been here ever so give you the
tour bro come here hi looks so important
yeah where we got secret stuff on the
wall downtown not in a way Michael
Michael's like our company manager very
cool and we got Casey Casey edits and
you're right
in here and also babysits Isaac this is
tight and you guys are legit we got
jealous office which is a little
Japanese Tea Room and oh well down test
being sound testing and then we got my
dogs with just ransack my trashcan
beanie babies I guess okay I gotta
pretend like I didn't just he didn't
just show me all this year right now
we're his love are lawful gay this is
our deal kiss
oh good where we and then Ali ticklish
artwork I got her friends with assisted
surgery sister that's tight
no one ever did a fan work of me and
Rick oh wait that's a lot actually um
someone did a really dope remember when
me Rick and people had that cartoon yeah
they did like a big-ass mural of me with
me Rick and PD flow as a cartoon
powerhouse cartoon if y'all remember
that so I've been shooting with Jake a
party all day they got me doing all
types of crazy reckless shame by doing
homework doing a homework fucking
drinking water eating vitamins what do
you say Deena I was reading oh they just
suck indeed ha ha ha ha ha
read about sucking d-day so your wedding
is next week do we care
and I wish I could go better like I got
some things I gotta do did you we you
know you helped you I mean not thanks to
me I just happened to be there on the DA
you know yeah yeah I was a part of the
experience yeah I mean I would have
liked we're gone for sure but you know
better lie huh your be such as possible
even know I just I may she the only
French I know is a will able to shame
itself I mean wow would you like to
touch my butt
remember that will able to shake me fess
would you like would you like to touch
my butt data to all the friends boys oh
no the Royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit tonight
sock drop the matter for you oh yeah and
whatever the fuck this is
ah with get there Mikey fault is
adorable it's time for the good spots
going wrong
