hola okay walking through the walking
through the mall I got called out by
these people right here from behind the
trees okay let's get what's up to do
stuff hi hi hello hello hello let's go
to Career who should be moving for so
there should be this all right all right
too much too much too long too long I
sing right now oh I will see how this
show is hi I'm Ron's birthday wolf so
I'm into this little restaurant cuz it's
hi I'm Ron's birthday you know from the
station gonna stop by drank a little bit
celebrate at little gay ol time you know
yeah you know I wanna copia into it
wonderful
eager eager we went to high school
together guys that's how we know each
other nakada you too we r OG friends
before the internet musical friends we
were in musical together we're in the
musical Oklahoma I played umm ali hakam
and he played Kurt of Judge Frye that's
right Oklahoma we know what's up we know
what's up many a new day will many a new
just uh I'm just a girl who can't say no
kissing's my favorite food with or
without the mistletoe I'm in a holiday
mood
hey
so I'll chill here in the car I'm put on
you right now put on you right now and
then I saw somebody walking with some
corn on the a was cornet oh and then and
then and then this dooset what's up some
and then oh yeah obviously see walking
around saw traffic yeah man and you you
uh you watching my video oh yeah I was a
video a lot of time the cow I just
watched Anna do show me your dick ah
stupid policeman always effing with us
dude we have permits bitch I know this
is Arizona seriously Oh God good thing
yeah good thing too is white get away
get away mall cop get away mall cop guys
thought that we're blasting it got my
spot got my pic was good yeah I'm
chilling right now got special yes huh
you know having sexy time right now
chillin
in my uh my jacket special guests ah ah
yeah we get it don't know feat way to go
i'm so lost
if you are that you seem sugar baby i'm
moving yeah we're too
the trifecta guys go home markets closed
you're awesome where are you gonna
ground this is awesome man mm-hmm park
your ox you're all your awesome art I
like you knew best FEMEN Alda this is
cool oh hey hey this wasn't your ass
wasn't your time to be the camera so my
mom had some dental work done and she
can't she can't talk so she's writing
everything on her on a chalkboard and
nice and quiet a man so he's been out
here well you know my mom says we got a
shirt hi I'm Helen come on yeah yeah
that's what she says to my dad hi hidden
yeah yeah yeah dad
so I'm here at Cerritos shopping for
drawl and I I got approached for
autograph introduce yourself hi adam as
her friend princess la Princesse okay
I'm right I'll give mark I have two
items see you next fall get it get it
yeah what is this a play on words yeah
yeah you'll get it the royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
