so what's good that was a crazy crazy
long day I got a little darker got some
color on my face I'm uh you know I'm all
sticky like I need to wash my butt and
my balls because I'm about to head to
this after party which I'm hosting which
I didn't even know I was hosting and
seeing until like two days ago cuz I saw
a flier on Twitter that shit goes down
like that sometimes but about to poo
about to shower and we're gonna head to
the after-party at the club
different sculptures here in Des Moines
this is this is by far my favorite one
looks like a check there right it's
awesome right it looks like it it looks
like it looks like a real tractor no
it's crazy it's crazy
I love Des Moines Bobcat interesting
Bobcat hmm symbolism there cuz it's not
it's not it's not it's not a bobcat
huh I didn't miss this and then they got
this boring stuff over here you see
everywhere
not cool like the not cool like the
pretty attractive sculptor in Iowa they
got black snowmen it's crazy not racist
out here hey the black show man oh yeah
let's be honest what day what do gay
horses eat this is how I look when I'm
in class huh some cakes on this statue
right here ass boy all right this is art
guys the Stars so we're walking around
what is this Valley Junction
little farmers market got Dan I have to
say best double blogging going on creepy
shit you have problem yeah I do that
pong we just left them what this place
bomb I Machin said yeah there's a
machine and then this is the shit oh oh
don't make sense no I thought I was
shedding machine finally back in LA I
love LA good to be back
LA
ya know like it's like me at peace that
long
nevermind la waiting here for my bag I'm
waiting here forever got off the planet
like 1120 what's on his I know it's
midnight midnight don't have my bag yet
but that
so it feels so good to finally be back
in my room
I just want to say one more time thank
you to everybody who came came out and
said what's up showed me love big up to
Des Moines people were coming from
Milwaukee coming from Kansas City thank
you so much I love you man we had a
blast thank you to everybody a
celebration who set everything up and
for taking care of me thank you guys so
much hospitality Thank You Man it was
beautiful thank you I love you man it
was definitely a fun fun time I need to
go back and yeah now I'm gonna edit this
vlog and um work on this clock thing for
my photography project and um good night
oh yeah and unfortunately while I was
gone there was some people that stopped
by the restaurant all the way from the
sea howdy-ho so um we were in the LBC
for pride had to stop at Thai smile on
our way back to the ie food was bomb
must have been a special ingredient ha
have a good one mr. de la ghetto love
peace key and cheese 5 107 or 7 925
that's not an area that's not a phone
number anything
Zillah Christine I think you guys wrote
or is it Kristen and Shiva Shiva or
Shira
I'm not sure PS your cousin is such a
ninja she needs a raise thanks for
stopping by sorry I couldn't be in the
you know somewhere in the area at least
hate Sam we came all the way from Vegas
just to come here and visit you also eat
here damn really which was a great
experience but we didn't get to meet you
sad face we totally love your videos cuz
we're Asian one Mexican in one Brasilia
no big ups to the Mexican and Brazilians
and the Asians we watch all the time and
we're big fans plus your parents
restaurant it's awesome out of your
whole Cali trip this was out of our
whole Cali trip this was the best dining
experience we loved the Tommy I'm the
best well sorry we missed you hopefully
you give a shout out on YouTube your
biggest fans my Anne Casey ti LT I was
at my rec time Edgar Eddie Arnold Willie
and Rose from Vegas I might be in Vegas
soon man what's up you know what I was
thinking since a lot of people come to
my restaurant to eat and I'm not always
there so you can take pictures or
whatever here's what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna get a giant cardboard cutout made
of myself right
completely serious right now and if you
come to the restaurant and you're there
take a picture with the cardboard cutout
and I'ma have like a little wall of
Polaroids with all the fans that came
through and then I sold the video I'll
show the picture in a video if I'm not
there alright good plan good plan and
maybe I'll have little contest as shit I
don't know we'll see what's up all right
the Royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
