me
so I freakin I'm writing this thing
right now
cuz I'm doing a collaboration with this
dude oh snap they don't know they don't
know man sup man to speak Victor Kim
Quest Crew yeah yeah on earth all mine
homie high five he's about to be crazy
we just got done doing the video
Victor's just editing in here no be
honest him waiting
because she wants to go to dinner and
I'm just happy to be in the company of
such beautiful people so guys I'm doing
this photography assignment and see I
figured that like my mom's giving me
directions right now I'm trying to US
huh see time is like my worst enemy I'm
saying cuz I always be procrastinating
and that's what that's what gets the
best of me every time you don't see and
I always put everything off to the last
minute so I bought a bunch of clocks
setting ships on fire drowned them put
knives all in them and now I'm I'm gonna
beat him to death with these uh with
this hammer I'm saying yeah well here's
the aftermath bash the clocks hopefully
I can crank out a good final project and
pass this class with a decent grade
thanks for your help
Connally's yeah your legs look dope I
was just I'm showing I'm showing you two
how good your legs look so thank you
what we do after we eat well I mean look
at this pudding that they brought us
yeah I don't know if I wanna yeah some
Parmesan cheese in there yeah you got
some pepper some pepper in there
hello hello everyone's like dude where's
my Jana I haven't seen her lately what's
going on with you guys
well look here's myself but I figured I
should blog anyway especially what is it
PD flow director of high school sucks
musical as well as many other short
films
if you don't know I've known this kid
since high school he's actually met
Furyan in Peruvian born in East LA gross
years
oh yeah we've known each other for six
years
Maura longer that we make each other
junior in high school and I'm gonna do
this like so that's like Junior see
something like eight years man it's like
a bad relationship they look at the
camera it's like one TV salmon I said
don't look at the camera and we're never
gonna finish this musical but um I guess
I'm I'll go do this if you have an
iPhone or an Android we have high school
sucks
applications that are free to download
if you click on the links below and you
got on your phone right now things are
your choice yeah hey your your face
loads up yeah Bruce to give pictures and
then when there's like whenever there's
exclusive news shit it goes right to
your folder like you can purchase the
songs right from the app that's not
working right now
okay that's because you have the shitty
phone not because that like the fan wall
so I like like everybody who's
commenting
it's kind of cool so it's like you get
to be a member of our alum when I threw
your body right okay so check it out
guys so this morning I woke upmy Here I
am I go to school you know I have this
photography final project due on Monday
right but I'm gonna be out of town in
Iowa all weekend so I was like okay let
me get this shit done today which is
Thursday because I leave tomorrow which
is Friday right so I get to school I'm
working on this photography assignment
all morning until around to something
because I have a meeting at 3 o'clock
with me PD flow and the people behind
high school sucks the musical you know
I'm saying just everything going on so
I'm like okay cool walking on my car to
go to this meeting when I get a little
alert on my phone that says scantron and
I'm like oh my goodness I have a final
in my golf class we have like a written
a 1:1 test that we took all semester was
a written test that I missed which was
at 1 o'clock so I'm like oh so I
freaking jog speed walk to the class
where we were supposed to take the final
nobody's there so then I frigging okay
yeah great great you're not supposed to
go through the whole intersection unless
you can unless you can make it through
the whole freaking intersection do
anyways so I got to the frigging
classroom his office building knock on
the door I'm like ha ha I forgot final I
just got here my car wouldn't start he's
like okay okay you have a scantron off
like ah hold on let me get a scantron
run to get a scantron run back to his
office he lets me take the test email
from my phone while I'm getting the
scantron the person who I'm supposed to
have the meeting with say yo taking the
final can we switch the meeting to four
o'clock instead of three o'clock he was
like yeah that's cool and now I'm on my
way to the meeting man it's like if if
only you know I'm saying like being
doing the doing the school stuff and
doing the entertainment stuff if it
wasn't already difficult as it is I
gotta be
dumb on top of it you know I'm saying I
gotta be an unorganized irresponsible
person trying to do all this shit at
once man Oh
but anyways semesters almost over
this is the last month of filming we got
four high school sluts the musical going
too high over this weekend
got a whole bunch of shit I'm doing this
summer going going to Canada for some
shit maybe gonna do a show or maybe
gonna go to a YouTube gathering in
England we got VidCon Cup trying to
crank out a couple new albums this pity
bitch I don't know if y'all can see this
homeless dude sign but it says homeless
heartbroken send me an angel goddess now
I've never seen a homeless dude okay
first of all this homeless dude is clean
shaven it has a box of Dos Equis chillin
right here so he's been drinking okay he
can afford beers talking about his
heartbroken send him a goddess he
doesn't want food I don't I don't know
whether to believe this dude or feel
sorry for this dude like he has a broken
heart okay and he has a shitload of
lemons and some boots I don't know man I
don't know
cut strange kind of strange or maybe
he's heartbroken because some bitch
maybe he's homeless because some bitch
broke his heart and took all this money
bitches man you can't trust them so uh
on our way to Beverly Hills
I've got the boys with me Ricky Shaq's
PD flow whities in the back and Mexicans
in the back man
why Mexicans that look like Whitey's in
the bag bro I already know how your time
these shootings got Arizona and I have
to worry about that
we think we think it's Donald Trump
right here in this and his Ferrari
we don't want fire protection yes to the
black man is that right I smile maybe is
disguise then he smiles Trump smiles oh
shit super black man so what we're gonna
loot the world famous the Pink's hot
dogs yeah I might have heard about it
you might have not go Lakers word word
word word we're about to get some chili
dogs but to be delicious I think I might
get this David Hasselhoff hot dog
ultimate hot dog who sends us one but
unless it Swiss cheese pastrami and
sauerkraut
heart attack special baby Wendy Williams
hot dog my 12 inch oh yeah check it out
David Hasselhoff dog the hot dog heart
attack special essence heart attack
specials all around over here on your
right what's this about the Guadalajara
dog very a dog raised my cholesterol dog
the royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
