happy Mother's Day happy Mother's Day
and yeah way to sherman oaks to be on
John Holly's John Hawley show you gotta
move John alitas videos of david spade's
and um David Spade generally that's the
home you know it's funny guy funny guy
y'all check him out you Saddam you to
youtube.com / john ali oll IE funny dude
oh yeah you saw the cock blocking video
him and Dave Speights are the ones that
originally started the cock blocking
video anyway you know fighting traffic
man um I stay in LA so I fucks to
traffic that's an old wax line you know
I discovered wax actually why wouldn't
say all that but I hit up I hit a wax
and I was like hell man I'm gonna call
you out in this cipher and I was like
let me know if you need anything cuz I
dig your shit with the YouTube shit and
then after that a star was born you know
I'm saying it so far pontus shut up so
it wasn't for me there'd be no wax yeah
does where but I was about to put this
so get this show on the road yeah I'm
dumb vaga right now logging hello how
are you in the office in a are 10 yeah
so Tim well then boy how are you yeah
like a double block log and dance yeah
yeah we hear on the Johno show Tim
together just showed up my man rick is
in the back all right he was jumping all
over uh actually talked to him today and
I was like yo you know what you should
do you should come to the show today man
I think cuz it have you alpha and to
having some technical difficulties here
yeah I mean not having technical
difficulties here just chillin alpha
kappa Adobe's and someone or some time
again and I did now if I had Joe Blow
from the cleaners she wouldn't went off
without a hitch oh you know I'll just
because young too it's partially because
we're you know we're using it to talk to
the audience for a second okay otherwise
you're gonna man hey guys sorry we have
so many people in here tonight if I'm
not getting to your question is one of
several different things one if you're
asking something we've already asked
ileana spray got done with the interview
on my way to shoot another scene yes
another scene by a school sucks the
musical huh that just little local not
local they're not crazy but a little
local taco spot paramount Sabella's get
down with some lingua some chorizo some
asada tacos you know I'm saying with the
more chatter you know fan with the
magneto she's mom that up hey go oh I'm
here baby came to thai spa to get your
autograph happy birthday sorry you're
not going to be here this summer but
half the best 21st i love you rock her
boyfriend's a fan of mine what's his
name I'm in Amman I'm it I'm mad happy
birthday man sorry mwah i love you too
bro sorry sorry we couldn't hook up or i
mean i'll hook up but meet up okay
you're going to sign this autograph or
for him just
oh yeah best picture ever I don't have a
marker oh you'll have a marker okay i
will i will get one i will get one where
we are at peter's house film in another
scene for the party thing that superego
here here we are at Peter Silas house
and we got a timothydelaghetto here we
are at um yeah be here art film it's
double fun a Peter's house hi guys don't
don't don't get distracted is this one
of your videos these are guys Oh art is
crazy I thought you need two o'clock and
in the am we're rehearsing the scene
that we're about to do and i'ma check
back back back in on you when we're done
see you assess the situation thank you
know so
thought guess that's is the shit so I'll
be back so I wouldn't read the door I'm
a loser baby I like so why don't you
kill me so check it in for tonight it is
3 43 42 3300 you okay team is drunk 340
somebody sleeping
so um I took a shower and look ya'll
sun's coming up so oh so I decided to
take a shower and look some coming out
guys and I figured you know if I went to
sleep I would just wake up late so I
decided to get dressed got my
dumbfounded shirt because don't sent me
like his whole little um collection of
t-shirts to rock appreciate that don't
found it and um uploading or editing a
vlog and it is almost 6am as you can see
so I figured I might as well just get
some shit done go to class and trying to
stay awake f sleep homie I'm a machine
so here we are checking 640 in the
morning I haven't been up this early it
is so long and I'm on my way to school
I'm probably gonna grab a little subway
sandwich
and I'm not gonna live a little tired a
little tired but you know I catch a
little nap during class and I'll be good
to go good to go
so as you can see what you can't see
it's 2 a.m. and i have not slept yet but
it's definitely time we take a shower
and go to sleep because I'm feel I feel
like a greasy stinky sleepy delusional
sexy mess right now um and I still have
I got a lot to do when I wake up
tomorrow time to escape and sleep um you
know my first wet dream I ever had was
about um was about why you say it really
random weird wet dreams like I had one
about Queen Latifah when I was younger I
had one about Marie Osmond and my white
dreams were weird like it was just me
like if there was like a but I would
just go up and start humping the butt
and then I wake up and covered in
Mesquite good night the royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
