so right now on my way to the mall to do
a little Mother's Day shopping and then
we're gonna stop by the school where
Peter is shooting the scene for one of
his one of our songs and I'm ago we got
see my shirt is Captain EO shirt that
michael jackson was wearing and Captain
EO yeah dude anthem oh yeah I also gotta
pick up some films with photography
class try to knock out some
photographers in and and yeah yeah yeah
you guys do that in the background there
is that new luscious on little freak on
the news
example of an old CD wonder song and I
was trying to figure it out what along
if I couldn't figure out what's wrong
with it um I do have you guys ever seen
Stevie Wonder's house neither has he now
I'm just kidding address for the sick um
for the city county food in there okay I
had an old art teacher right who met
Stevie Wonder when she was 15 and she
said she got you know she got backstage
whatever and Stevie Wonder put his hand
on her shoulder and I was like nice to
meet you because she said in the whole
world win the things and everything
going on they brought her to meet him
again and so she was too nervous to say
anything so she was like art whatever
and then so Stevie Wonder put his hand
on her shoulder I was like oh we already
met did you get the chills cuz I sure
did
very superstitious writing on away
chocolate writing on the Wow very
superstitious that is bad to foul take
it Rick you check out apartment 13 month
old baby all right over here at the
cerritos mall about to do some
last-minute mother's day shopping as you
can see it's packed to capacity OOP
there goes gravity this is Boggs word
spaghetti spaghetti don't change Oaks
hey gonna give up my little present
maybe some chocolate any to order it uh
maybe some go to store get some grabbing
some good dick let's not all you're
always the butt of jokes Rick sometimes
you the dick good jokes and recording
evasion I'm a coordinating the girl in
van I don't know I know so this dude's
passenger side door window is totally
open so I'm gonna put us to take a gum
in it right now and it's totally gonna
freak him out over here but shoot
another scene 5 feel such a musical this
is my how much my love to give away
yeah no I don't know any ways you've not
allowed to use no example over here with
what introduce yourself Ashley yes yes
hit her up if you guys wanna uh frickin
want her for some parts I don't get
what's the YouTube um yeah so we knew
that I needed okay so we just finished
the scene it was crazy successfully that
long whip cream do yoga print all orders
of whipped cream all over myself and
James cream all over myself I just got a
crash out right never okay really but
don't she should be hilarious high
school sucks the musical bitch you're
not even ready subscribe right now first
musical scene June first get ready
wassup y'all I'm on my way to a party at
the station house friggin picking up
Rick and we're gonna go party it up I
oh is it when I look at you you remind
me of a girl that I once knew see her
face whenever I I love hey you will
believe all of the things she pulled me
through I only sing for the vlog people
I don't sing for anybody else only the
blog people so uh clears up before you
today everybody everybody turn it on
turn on Marty let's just working this
just works is over is everybody have you
got them over to our YouTube party Oh
every YouTube party
everybody you got to force entertainment
right now but I got I got my camera on a
greater hurt like a little unlucky
actually there we got hello of course
cameras in your face all day cameras
beautiful she presented a little bit
better okay we're here at the culture
color this is the couch the Sultana
color here at Venice in the yeah I can
to see my mind you you beautiful wife
beautiful black people within the county
somehow the couch of color I'll choice
the council color be copies join us this
video's of color and we got up the black
dog versity diversity you're not allowed
whitey all right where you guys from
Westminster high school has got a prom
word you guys like love my videos right
yeah for sure oh you don't want to be
okay your school next year too how are
you oh you're not gonna tell me about to
murder them burgers in these onion rings
were here Danny's murder murder murder
than mini burgers now ma ya know what
I'm talking about murder murder okay um
we're at the denny's at home right next
to the long beach town center if y'all
wanna come join us see what's that we
just chill is mad empty you know exam we
got our food really quick too haha um
I'm gonna go to sleep now cuz uh I'll
sit i guess i should get all that stuff
off my bed huh i'm so sleepy but um yeah
tomorrow another another another long
day ahead of us you know you know how i
do man you know guys let's not even
let's not even cut the vlog off you know
how about we just let's just go to
leave how would you guys just go sleep
with me huh okay good night YouTube good
night hey youtube you sleep yet nah me
neither I can't sleep what are you
thinking about huh oh I know I know okay
the royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
