whatever y'all here la Oh about to grab
some some lunch we're dumbfounded just
now and his Jeep right here there's a
couple crackheads and they got out
looking all crackheads yeah yeah well
yeah over here
la getting some fuck deception the fuck
deception with this room right here dumb
fuck did networking business bonding
over newness have any pencil it's all
good the overhearing stones a little
spot about to plane you from a school
it'll go where did it go it out wax and
dumbfounded clockwise album coming out
May 31st yeah you know I'm saying iTunes
I so me internationally yes exclusive
right here exclusive yeah all right turn
off via urban now
wax prescription that's all you get
fighting traffic on the way back when
and where when a wind up with it well
when it with we're winning we're winning
winning winning Stanford is sunbae every
day what's that whatever that was that
good it's Chris Cory I'm chillin in the
Kogi truck line and they and they fit
with me like we're gonna get o HL y ke
bi n feet long I started yeah
so I'm here with my mechanical for some
entertainment now my camera's on okay
well well we just flew into North
Hollywood what my wings tired
get it we're hearing and welcoming in
the airplane food is never good right
chicken the chickens always dry
why is it when you two people say
goodbye to each other and then they can
walk in the same direction it's really
weird Castle you just saved my blog
yesterday is so boring so we got the
ladies here hello hello playing my wife
today
know about that I'm great but you take
me out for our last three anniversaries
friggin let's do it well you don't put
out so it's like I know you know I
bought the cow I'm naked right now
yeah I'm jealous for this guy's tie and
friggin and hairy and it's the hair
right across the tire that was neither a
lot of planning
don't tickle me while I'm vlogging oh
this guy somebody tickling you
yeah let's check right here you're off
the set off of the set by can never work
in this town again for buying again
hi I'm here in North Hollywood it is
what's the fun bet that you almost said
you fell right now that is a fun thing
wait wait so you're a barista fine I'm
wearing acessories hat it's like it's
like Run DMC
what's that don't don't stop it get the
freezes but check it out hardcore
hardcore wife-beater tan hair you are
seriously burned it's ok though I'm a
gangster
thanks get burned so we don't know we
don't do some block you know some blocks
for pussies finally home after a long
day of driving and meetings and all
types of stuff man stop by the Kogi
truck thank you to every all the fans
who everybody recognize me show me love
up there my apologies to the people I
didn't get on the vlog shoutouts to the
dudes that came just to say what's up ok
- how did get it I mean okay so now
shoutouts or letters from Tim and Kenny
Kenny is writing because Tim got ugly
ass handwriting the food was bomb as
fuck we loved the videos and your cousin
was super nice we seen your dick pic Tim
has it at his screensaver loves peace
skeet and cheese thanks guys thanks for
coming the restaurant hey Tim stop by
all the way from Jersey via Korea Oh
Anya haseo
just came I mean New Jersey vehicle
speak Thai oh my gosh so my dad my dad
sold you know
parents are when they have make these
really lame assumptions about stuff so I
told them I met this I'm working with
this Thai video director and he's like
did you did you did you say hi to him
and I was like know why he was shamed so
leave your comments below anyways hey
Tim stop by all the way from New Jersey
via Korea so that would be you know
forget about it annyeonghaseyo just came
by the restaurant to support the family
pack the entertainment you are talented
by the way your cousin is hotter in
person Sean Thank You Sean got a couple
of these here hey Tim we are here at
Tyson are you guys getting bored of
these letters I'm
sorry I gotta get through these though
you know people come to Seoul of from
Korea from Jersey the food here is great
and we met your dad you're almost as
cool as he is hahaha we watch your
videos and our parents think you're cool
we actually got them to watch your
videos your fans Glen and Justin as the
Nilo from San Jose California big up to
Santa ho sup homie G dog loved the
special sauce in the curry hahahaha
Jackie Willis Edwin what's that say
mickus Nick Nick is mixed I don't know
thank you everyone thank you for showing
love I appreciate you as always you know
busy times right now I'm sleepy not
getting a lot of sleep yeah the Royal
penis is clean your highness Thank You
King shit
