so what up and welcome to vlog number
one honey
I know I'm doing these things that for
like for like for like for like three
months four months it's crazy it's crazy
you guys I've kind of been in my life
for a little bit or like you know five
minute clips of my life it was like I
was doing anything except for driving to
LA in Beverly Hills every day going on
meetings and filming stuff with people
and keep going putting in what not me
but you know okay I appreciate you I
thank you I thank you everybody for for
being interested enough I can't believe
you know that it actually had a hundred
thousand plus subscribers now on my blog
I mean granted not everybody's watching
them could be someone peak at around
like 50,000 but hey whatever as long as
some of y'all are watch and I'll keep
doing them you know until I get bored
with my own life and decide to end it
off we're trying to get dinner and
boiling crab right now and the line is
crazy ridiculous what's up dog was good
was good can't win crab
we finally we went to another one and
got a table somewhere else I don't know
we had to wait super long this is a knee
crack dude I'm peeing right now by the
way we aim to please you aim to
you stay cloth and wash your hands
thank you
Greeks so I don't know where I'm at in
this vlog I'm all over the place today
it's like four different days but today
we are right now we're going to shoot
the party scene for high school sucks
the musical there's a big party scene
and a big party song that we're gonna do
for the musical so and if you're
wondering why I'm always wearing these
these these these will flippy-floppy be
hats or like a part of my character I
made that a part of my character so
you're not gonna have a an ongoing thing
that I'm doing there
okay well now that's gonna move on then
shall we hey baby what's your name huh
what's your name bitch hey bitch hey
bitch of talking to you bitch look at me
when I'm talking to you bitch
get off me with you my legs get off and
with you my legs right now look at me
bitch hey hey Dad
hey bitch hey aren't you a cutie hey hey
kid wanna bone you go in a boner with
hey you wanna have some sex dog huh
you're nothing sex blue yeah get this
dick
get this dick dawg unimportant people
like it go in here but
Oh Cena I know
kid wait let me get going oh there must
have okay okay okay okay oh wait that
was the one time oh I want to know what
is it sweet I forget a bajillion views
on YouTube June 1st June 1st first
musical number drops June 1st
youtube.com / hf f musical bitch
get it that's that Robo dick Robo
rection Robo blinded my boy Gus is in
essence when it up right now but he's
having a good time
grinding her up but he can't feel
anything because you know that shit is
like magic not her but if I want the
robot Robo
so right now he's got a head over to
handle some some photography stuff for
school before we do our close-ups and
our pickup shots tonight and I'm not
gonna lie
guys I'm feeling really sexy right now
like you know when you have those days
like everybody has those days when you
wake up and you're like I feel gross
when it was still weird like I got
pimples I'm like what's wrong with my
nose shit
today I feel like sexy ass dude not
gonna lie Rick am i sexy or what up man
dude Rick Rick Rick couldn't even front
right now I look cool right now
okay go in this thing right now low
romantic scene where our two leads life
imitating art has everybody ready
Statue of Liberty all right everybody
what one so its own 2:35 still over here
2:35 fill me this thing get this shit
done
where do you want to be laying all the
bottom again is 346 and driving back
from filming and I have class at 9
o'clock in the morning I'm probably
gonna go home wash my balls jerky fall
asleep wake up go to this photography
class but it's hard it's hard man trying
to everything going on right now with
the movie and different projects and
trying to get this degree you know
saying like it's hard man trying to get
a degree and trying to be famous at the
same time both of these things require
that you be committed 100% you know
either I mean school 100% while I'm in
this business 100% and I'm not I can't
be in both at the same time 100% so it
was kind of like both processes are
being slowed up you know say I'm been in
school forever trying to get this degree
man and like you know
it's hard but I'm doing it I'm
persevering getting shit done the best
that I can get this degree and then I'll
make this money Sam I don't know which
vlog this is going in which is in 100
101 but I appreciate you everybody
watching me caring enough to actually
watch and the Royal penis is clean your
highness thank you
King shit
