know what up I spent Canada Day with my
Canada Bay and her family has an injera
has a Meridian coffee cuddled with my
chick it was a good time
now I flew back to good old murca for
July 4th as you can see I got my flan
we'll cut off here because I'm going to
my boy Chester C is having a little
barbecue and his team is trailer park
trash so you know I got my little
machine shorts got my flannel and it's
about to be pretty fun hold on though
because the fit is not complete long put
the hair down oh yeah okay just hat here
I got New York
a stone-cold t-shirt on got my dog tags
let's go and of course I'm a good party
guest I brought some liquor even though
I'm not drinking america fuck yeah yeah
you get you and Megan's rocking the
Horned rehash proudly because wait
shadows all your face rocking the horn
how can you to get it right because
Megan is so horny and hungry all the
time it's all go yeah okay I'm not in
your what
you know dolphins are like super horny
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah uh-huh
Sukey Sukey $5 so we're having like the
best
ever marry ever come back is the best
country in the whole lot Connie hey
grant
aha oh yeah yeah yeah music with you
like put like perfect some slow-mo this
said it was little worried of the hose
is all purple huh ah you thought man
here with me I know of one female oh
thank you
hey let me tell you man uh going up on
stage the next method man quoting
wu-tang probably one of the highlights
of my career not a lot especially met
the man of my Asian brother you know my
until the way from crafts and all enjoy
so not try it towards this screen I
moved oh yeah yeah diddle diddle thing
so trying to pick up that little robot
box try to pick up that little okay now
put the one with the dick okay with the
thing with the dick mmm the virtual
reality jackoff massage trainer or the
new it that was funny we Ramon was in
earlier you should record it sure is
hard it was pretty funny there you go
mom you got it yeah okay
you liked that did her very got a full
on hard babe yeah yeah
come on Peter Babita height PMT man
penalty need to do is on mom's debut
international debut PD flow films comp
you say combat videos or come back to
you yeah yeah Jennifer yeah exactly and
we are here with let's talk her YouTube
channel
fugly super poppy actually you got a
phone call phone call close up close up
Liat live the robot
and all-purpose top spinning I first
time my mom said to be really funny
Jolyon be ready we got one last shot
here quick
hey do your bump 29 record I tell ya
so in Lodi I pointed out I finally hit a
million subscribers on my blog Channel
you know I've been vlogging for like I
don't like six seven years or so finally
it means describers onto the beach and
on my main channel you know whenever I
hit certain benchmarks I do a little
freestyle I figure while I'm in traffic
why not end this vlog out with a little
freestyle you ready let's go yeah log
Channel
got sympathy Dale I get a million
subscribers what's good freestyle
Freetail resmoke pre-smoked you got a
Milly's up I know you like that haters
time by now but I'll bite back
yo girl I seen her she got a nice rack
I've seen her Bowie looking nice and
imma bite that I take your chick any day
of the week because you told me about
your stroke and she said yo Dee was weak
that you was a heat Hank you a big a
nerd and big since she said damn I
stroke it so a first got the best float
in the world that you have ever heard
and yes if you ain't never heard of no
oh shit I dropped the camera but I still
keep going throw the stamina let me zoom
it beats out because it's too close Big
Jim yeah you know I got to hold one for
my left and one foot or right plug one
during the day and one at night
one cook me dinner one cook me breakfast
one I got her a ring the other one the
necklace yes every day I got a checklist
black girl white girl you should not
respect this system is on the track and
if the of the bestest did you ever heard
before
yeah I am NOT a herbivore I am a
carnivore because I eat the red meat if
you step to me on the track and you are
dead
yeah a crisis go to the head me to the
skull that's the brain and you can't
catch me
do you know that I have the best seat
yeah
set me and you'll rest be getting pains
up put your ass in a grave son yeah I'm
like Mel Gibson I'm the brave one
what a brave heart we've had a great
start kind of fallen off but it's okay
you stopped at Kmart and I'm like Target
because I'm on target you think it was
tight man it ain't hard shit like my
dick when I need a little motivation
Big Jim I got the float and I'ma flow in
Haven yeah I'm the best I hate the boat
and face it but still I need to go to go
to so in the air with the makings one
one
rude boy I come off the top yeah your
girls see me and her panties drop see a
rude girl and a boom boom back sick them
I put it down like that up on the
freeway I'm serving yes your girls see
me and she curving no she not he replied
to the deal she like Timothy oh my god
did you see you
okay so I had this moment and like one
time where this girl like her makeup was
so pretty right and then and then she
was giving me great hit it was great and
then but I I stopped her I was like you
I was like we can just we can just like
that's X if you want like you don't have
to do all that she was like it's not
good of like well to be honest I don't
want you to mess up you're making like
your makeup looks really nice it looks
like you worked hard on it all points to
this so I don't at all sneery you know
the fascia it seems like that was the
sweetest thing
Ryle penis is clean your highness thank
you King shit
