hello hello hello hello hello I know
this is a dirty mirror and I'm a dirty
boy I'm a dirty dirty boy
I wanna be a billionaire so fucking bad
do we go buy all of the things I've
never had it's like it's like you guys
are mean it's like being John Malkovich
when you're in my brain have you guys
seen that movie it's a good movie you
should rent it Being John Malkovich buy
all of the things I never heard every
time I close my eyes after school check
it out we got a new dunny addition to
the family this is a Gregory Gregory
Rhines yeah because he looks like a
rhino freakin buy movie tickets for
mondo right now mondo is the shit all
right
so what happened after I after I pee
you go you guys are you do not want to
be in it
okay you go alright guys from San
Francisco Bands I here hold you guys man
tan sweets name it's all good it's all
good it's all good cool man well thanks
for watching guys can I say June for
sure yeah so June first guys the the
first musical number gonna going up on
YouTube June 1st the first musical
number is going up on on the musical
youtube.com HS s musical over here we're
in my room as you can see the movie
still isn't done I'm getting our shit
done right now we have about a loosely
like a month left of filming then we're
gonna wrap it all up but you will get to
see the exclusive first musical zine
June 1st it's gonna be crazy so I'm on
my way to Encino which is a little a
little ways away to film some stuff with
the station peoples and you know I'm
always working on like three different
projects like three different groups of
people right now simultaneously so you
know I stayed grinding trying to get by
in school and
doing my thing and I'm trying to have
you guys here my GPS right now because
sometimes she gets uh she gets possessed
by the devil and let's see if she says
anything and I should I say something
like four miles over here getting ready
to shoot stuff yo we're word
are you guys like used to flips in your
face all the time you know that's how we
wrote words
thanks man it's only four yeah thanks
ten bucks let me get you close up you
know possible yeah see I told you guys
all right good see your face all the
time yeah word up yeah
introduce yourself just in case people
don't know don't be flipping off my
people in there I'm TVs mom calls me
daddy
you know you know you thought you're
gonna be a thumbnail right a million
views so we're trying to do this this is
a hydro the video and lawn mower lawn
mowers going crazy over there crazy
sounds Planes Trains automobiles no it's
not oh it made me take my shirt off
and I wasn't ready I didn't lotion up my
stomach or anything so I'm all dry and
ashy and flaky Thanks I was telling this
guy earlier they're like any not black
out with an afro you know is
automatically cool to kick it with and
and a musician egg it's bad veg right oh
man dude can I just tell you can I just
tell you how proud I am with my homeboys
cuz i go to i go to the statistics
what's hot favorite comedy videos today
I see myself followed by my boy
super-ego with his cholo bailando cumbia
parody and then freakin right down here
we have my boy PD flow with his Anime
Expo clip man I roll I'll roll with
beasts it's a frickin it's a pack of
wildebeest not wildebeest because Shh
get eaten but I roll with a pack of
lions man attacking the friggin
everything man from every everything Oh
a pack of a pack of hungry lions
feasting on the Royal penis is clean
your highness Thank You King shit
