in this fruit I got one of these from
little Mexican dudes with in the cart
with the cart brink is so jealous right
now that you don't have these mangos big
dog
rick is so jealous oh my god Mike
are you are you so weary we just got
this fruit from this from this Mexican
cart guy right and there was this black
chick standing behind it
enter I kid you not this is a real true
story after I got my little my little
fruit shit she walks up she goes I got
some watermelon in the bag me every bit
like so here we are another day finally
finish up this thing with the last
couple weeks of filming there we have
this whole library to ourselves you know
yeah I can show this sign right yeah we
already put the teaser ball wait let me
show you people now what's going on it's
a movie guys it's an hour and a half
musical we have no idea what's going up
oh it's an hour it's an hour and a half
musical we don't know where it's going
in and see their festivals theaters
we're not sure yet we don't even know
how it's ending yet but it's gonna be
it's gonna be dope right Eric and it is
not a parody of High School Musical it's
a completely different story I mean it's
a library guys workout equipment so you
can work out your body and your mind
but um yeah it's not a parody it's not
making fun of High School Musical it's
completely different story it's a more
realistic depiction of high school I'm
saying so we got dirty songs about
boners and all types of crazy stuff no
more space
haha I'm such a gangster oh and the
handicapped one whatever oh good thing
because I appeal I I sit well okay so
crazy minty eyedrops from Japan in my
medal
so this police officer came is what
we're doing cuz he didn't know so Peters
out they're talking right now he looks
just like Kevin James who King of Queens
- like what damn look guys super ego my
alter ego if you're a fan or Derek vlogs
don't watch my blog
pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom pom pom game-winner so
rigged dude is getting hairy vetch if
you guys like this leave it in the
comments because we're curious right
right bad very bad
right for the winds see my dad's old
school man so uh I'm about to go grab
some some late-night food with Lydia
Peck and Rick but um I got all these I'm
decided to write I wrote a little
sixteen for this beat that Myka be
saying me you guys know Michael being
here at to this is a new boys and Tiger
Beat and we're doing a song about um
about internet being internet rappers
you know I got a couple lines been there
about internet rappers but are you piece
of it I'm what you call the self-made
celebrity used to be broke now I'm
shopping in Beverly Hills and I'm
popping like bills so they're telling me
that so many downs you would think that
I was selling weed uh I got that
heavenly dig girls wanna bite it like a
celery stick I wouldn't help I hate her
if you fell in the ditch and I don't
give a damn but what you telling me
video pic saying that she wants more ass
not that you want ask from Rick oh I am
going in the vlog this is going on
YouTube
let's sing a song about how she wants
more cake so yeah no jokes
yo Asian girl with hair
yeah I'm going in box cutters yeah so uh
JP I'm looking real sharp yeah call me a
box cutter
fuck I'll break your bitch down like I'm
putting them box together because I put
on my chest because I'm wedded to your
brain get knowledge I'm already way to
better to be ready to be better than
motherfucker he's a dancer is a good
thing
the Royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
