Oh guys look what happened
Mickey guys sit it on man what the hell
that's not cool this joint here big rip
got that you got the printout Larry
that's how we do it man
oh sit can't give me a clue food about
to hop in this booth put down my part
closet booth that's how we do bitch
bitch goddamn recording about to listen
to what we just did right now hopefully
is dope right this is my part
here my homegirl Joanne's birthday
little birthday family party so it's her
birthday birthday stick and here at her
house bunch of bunch of crazy Filipinos
they're cranky order the shitload of
boiling crab and I'm the only one yeah
that's crazy party crazy over there
what's good party people just got done
with class and buy me some deodorant cuz
I ran out got me a spam musubi and yes
for my white people out there that is
spam and rice wrapped in a seaweed thing
got me a taro boba getting my day
started really classes over and now I'm
about to go shoot some stuff with the
station holler at your boy I stay
grounded so I just realized I said
holler at your boy and that's like
probably one of the most played out
things and overused sayings I could have
said and shut up and I immediately
regret saying holla at your boy so
instead of signing off with holler at
your boy like everyone else did I'm
gonna go ahead and sign off with a with
a little haiku or maybe I know some
poetry
two roads diverged you know how that
shit go oh man just don't holler at your
boy I'm not gonna holler at your boy I'm
gonna say speak in a loud manner at this
grown-ass man indeed young V to the
female I get your starlets to oak dude I
don't know what I'm getting good job
thank you
I wish I could say the same introduce
word word dance key word yeah we're
gonna make a video a little bit
hopefully it's gonna be funny baby he
wrote it though oh oh oh then you know
it's gonna be crappy so crazy my unicorn
fell
getting some fresh air camera in your
face oh it's nice pressure much limited
cool breeze on my breast
yes a rocking breast rock-and-roll
breast I think that I think that biker
dude over there is checking you out
Samia Rick have been trying to go to
this place by my house call Easter meats
for the longest time like the longest
time like the long over year but we just
never went okay first of all we spent
forever trying to figure out where it
was Google it is trying to figure it out
until I realized oh it's like basically
you like a minute from my house you know
Sam so finally we're like yo Easter meet
Eastern meats yeah yeah yeah Easter me
let's try to meet all right get there
and it's 7 o'clock
look at that sign you see that sign it
says closed and you can't read that sign
and to top that off and you Garcia guy
kicked off American Idol so fuck so plug
up but actually it's a good thing it's a
good thing because now we get Alondra
Halloween I'm gonna get some wings and
Andrews gonna get a doper CD a doper
deal outside of everything I get to
finally do a music video for mr.
invisible
if he's not busy on the tour and he's
gonna do something beautiful wings lots
of money one of these days Eastern meets
one of these I like I like coming to the
airport because you get to see all these
different kinds of people international
people home everywhere but one thing is
for sure no matter what race you are
here at the airport getting off the
plane you stink
there are some stinking as people
walking by me
yeah yeah I was like perfect timing
right there I didn't even know even
though you're coming up right now there
my dad unpacking everything from
Thailand my grandparents oh cool pajama
pants oh wait he's like swimming trunks
or what okay okay okay
Thai smile rough touch my restaurant
bags
we'd bag to put your weed in so me
Ilyana went to boiling crab I got me a
pound of crawfish she's got her a pound
of shrimp fish with chilling I had to
add an idea that we should like break
into the restaurant after it's closed
and had like I shut down the whole
restaurant so we can have this little
private dinner here and home and for
everybody wondering what's going on the
Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
