so right now on our way to santa ana to
be in my boy the homie rufio the rap
music video he invited me to come say
what's up and be in this video for a bit
so that's what we were hitting and why
can't you get in the car Rick can't you
park across from you can't get in there
yeah I don't get ha ha ha ha Oh asshole
man introduce yourself man yo what's up
man sabor rufio Florentino yeah and we
had my video shoot actually it's quite
empty right now but it's all good they
won't be here it's gonna be like poop
you poop they all come here I like to
get here early you know yeah I'm
punctual punctual dunno how you get shit
done get there early I had to thank
right Jimmy didn't timothydelaghetto FK
traffic in a big Rick you know much love
to these cats back yeah they represent
the hometown but they come and represent
the whole cali word and on me so that's
important right there yes yes got a nice
little view here where we at man in my
hometown downtown santa ana center and
sun sun time I fool yeah there we go
ever seen that one before right no no
all the time oh yeah I kick it with
youtubers everybody flips all the time
hey up yo they don't leave home without
the flip let them know who you are man
panda right here panda see PP manda yeah
yeah he wouldn't make a pen if you look
do exactly i get it wrong with that
energy Pete yeah hey I'll told y'all
doin y'all rising cans right now yeah
point
we have a love you yeah ooh that's cute
solitaire oh man at the light had to get
me a coconut hut by let a man ah oh so
good oh yeah taking it back with the
spinning hubcaps baby with some spinners
right there son baller shot caller 20
and play only young paula cole de get
rich and I y'all remember the song
tonight I hit the highway flower way but
it's got to be a better way better wit
type smile that's a good one so it's
monday and i'm driving to school stuck
in traffic i think i think there was an
accident or something sounds like
someone's got a case of the Mondays haha
you guys know a movie that's from you
know it's movie that's from if you know
what's movie stats from then bonus
points for you comment below what movie
that's from and then you know whoever
gets the most thumbs up on their comment
gets a big old palace key for their
forehead ladies Tim call me today I want
me to be in this video you guys came
running to me call me today is at Shea I
have this part for it okay what it is
it's a fat guy that's sweaty and if you
could pull it off I don't want ask too
much but could you have a double chin
for what you do I see yes part perfect
for the work tirelessly last night it
was up all night practice tues behind a
character i got my highlighter and the
man you see before you is his suit actor
who was taking this role seriously even
though he's supposed to be checking
things off with a pen and not a
highlighter I've been I'll I don't don't
give it away before the exam and 0 with
us to chase us hey or video response hi
all tables over here take a little baby
a bar in the grass big Lou no fingers
quality
one tango finger on my way they would
still do shoes gonna new liquid dog shit
off my finger leave my dogs would eat
too well make my dog come my dear Lee
barks and now gurgaon well I watch my
finger me to make the dog come with
daily ports and al jerk off while I
watch wax and herbal tea baby so what up
I just got done doing a blog TV and I
took out a whole bunch of yearbooks and
old pictures for them so I figured him
since they're here I might as well show
you guys really quick too if you guys
wanna check this out since this whole
blog is just kind of laid back you know
but I mean that's why I did him in the
first that's why I tone down the amount
of blogs i was doing so I didn't feel
like I was pressured to entertain you
know I'm saying but check this out class
picture senior picture right there and
let's go this way classico for Paramount
hi and I'm saying represent there we go
check me out class clown and yes that is
a very large in each a sweater with some
vocal jeans that's right bull cow
Nellie's Nellie's brand I'm wearing
their class clown see me clowning around
and one more thing I want to show you
real quick turn this light off check it
out I don't know if I showed you guys
this before prom baby 2004 prom king no
that's not Ileana some it's the chick
that won that year but a moment like
this yes that was my prom song moment
like this
so yes as you can see my room is
terribly messy as always we're going to
close this out with a couple notes that
people left at the restaurant hey Tim my
name is dick I stopped in I think that's
Vic let's see The Vicar jik I stopped in
with my girl to support you in the
family's restaurant bomb fried rice keep
holding down on YouTube you're a big
inspiration I've been kind of talking to
Eric about a clap but I got a funny idea
if you're down to collab check out my
page um one dream Studios I think um but
yeah still love your work can't wait for
the future vids Vic and Julia or jik and
Julia whatever that says PS if you and
the girl you want to hit up universal
studios oh fasho thank you i would
definitely hit you up for that player
just so you know I'm what make it ready
what's up Jim we were down to say we
were down to say hello but you're in SD
right now yeah I was ascending a couple
days ago hopefully you can give a shout
out to I would give you a shout out but
I don't know what that says sees s sees
us thanks bro by the way the food was
great what's good I came down holler but
you're an SD thanks for the food tighty
was bomb hella bomb you is sick when it
comes to music respect holler rat too
and thank you and thank you to everyone
who show me love and stop by and yeah
we're gonna call this vlog quits so
goodnight the royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
