check it out it's herbert the pervert
family guy
what it is what it is bumbaclot what it
do what one some of the date like get
over here
driving to Marina del Rey I don't know
if you know where that's at towards
Venice Beach in Cali Kilic Ali lost
scandalous strong Beach fresh Coast
California Ella fornia going to shoot
some stuff with some people's couple
skids I'm saying hopefully it's funny
what you don't love it is gonna be funny
but uh just letting you know man I
freakin a freakin hardest-working man in
America over here look forward to
mixtape new webseries new tracks the
website's coming soon and also possibly
my own clothing brand I'm gonna be
designing everything and you know I'm
flies fuck so so fly had to use the
f-word right now I apologize to my
younger viewers and my older viewers and
my dad because I know you're watching
this and a good story you know I didn't
I didn't really I used to not cuss at
all like I just did not cuss like it
wasn't my thing and then um
friggin hanging out with Peter and Rick
because those dudes cuss like some
friggin I don't want to say sailors
Devon says David both who's cus like
putting Tarantino movies boy and and
then you know now I just you know I
don't even cut em boys I still just
throw in the occasional bitch forever
just got it's funny sometimes you know
but you know okay
a bookworm now and I just start
following you on Twitter I'm very happy
about the possible and was traffic tr8
pH I can't they all know Ellen already
they're all following me
yeah
that's that's da Ã­ndia not feather the
dot yes
thumbnail thumbnail for my blog so my
mom has this habit of water wanting to
remove stuff for no reason okay and when
it's really heavy stuff she makes sure
I'm I'm with brick so so right now we're
trying to move this and put it on these
big-ass blocks I'm trying to tell her
there's no reason to
but she's just convinced that she wants
them up on these things so so no matter
what we tell her we're gonna have to try
and do this it's not gonna work but
she's not gonna let it stop the
guarantee
I don't know what's he thinking about I
know
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you
King shit
