so finally a go yet SD s SDSU at SDSU in
a waiting room waiting to go on all
these youtubers as you can see
accessible stuff everything what's up
huh oh she just got skated on Tim did
that yeah okay it wasn't the bottling
machine
I got long-range huh
channa boyfriend said of Weidman Lydia
pitch breaking pug
yeah
virtual code
right just got dumped in I don't know
how you feeling it not supposed to kill
people that door I'm straight rub rub to
push the plate the dudes bro yeah let me
get the dramatic angle on you right now
pooping right here with you Elise Elise
get the blonde girl it is a trap y'all
know who it is every time I see this
dude he has different hair did I try
that look good though I might take thank
you I'm here you appreciate it bro I
like the wraps did it and it wasn't
black at all to me
I was just being stupid though ya know
it's very witty very well I appreciate
that
oh I'll take it back in there I got it
u.s.
Dean green again I mean agreed on and
you pay
hey you found my throat what is this
what does he get my are you trapping
thank you for you thank you you're my
favorite but then you have to spy oh
yeah of course
of course my carry on children
the show Martinez he pistol pool hey
you're welcome
you're welcome
go what those are my gummy bear -
metallic freakin gummy bears you're
crazy - they're so crazy Rick are good
alright so I'm finally back home from
San Diego it was a great show I was a
judge and it was fun
all my favorite people were there we all
kicked it chilled had a good time lots
of love of San Diego
but speaking of lots of love while I was
in Massachusetts I need to apologize to
my fans to my supporters who left me a
shower cap and they came all the way
from hold on let's see we got people
from any weed there's no hey Tim
my boyfriend and I came from the Bay
Area to LA and wanted to visit the
famous Thai smile yesterday was my
boyfriend's birthday April 1st and was
wondering if you could give him a
shout-out in your next video thank you
happy birthday John Aron and steelo
Allen CEO around silho love peace ki and
she's Maya malari my yari malari mala
ride from that Laiho and I think that's
John Aron CEO sale sack my bad PS I love
you and pad thai thank you Bay Area love
you love you back I'm gonna be up there
soon in a couple weeks
no dear Timothy we came from Sacramento
a tat Thai smile today man Bay Area
people showing love driving all the way
to my family restaurant we ate at Thai
smile today we talked to your mom and
she said you're in Massachusetts yes I
wasn't Massachusetts we love you I love
you we all watch your videos Kayla GI
Eric and Julianne and poi pay poi give
us a shout out love peace Kiki thank you
guys thank you very
Sacramento ballet ho everybody in the
bay appreciate the love man I love y'all
and now I got my mama I'm gonna take a
shower and go to sleep the Royal penis
is clean your highness Thank You King
shit
