so the other day the other day me a wax
we're having this conversation via
Twitter and he was talking about the
taquitos from 7-eleven and how it's a
gamble when you eat them and I was like
man I feel you because I took that
gamble my freshman year at high school
or sophomore year and I had diarrhea
that whole day so then I was like eh ha
ha ha let's make a track called bubble
guts right so I go home that day open up
my inbox and wax had made a beat with
foreign noises and already had a verse
laid down and a hook so right now I'm
going on his house spot and we're gonna
lay down my verse and look forward to
that bubble gush don't be crazy over
here in a universal area and coconut
taco see what they do is they tweet I
follow them on Twitter and they let you
know where they're gonna be and then you
drive to where there and get tacos grab
my wax from tacos before we head to a
spot I don't think he knows about the
Kogi truck though cuz it's like Korean
barbecue and he was like yeah let me get
some help I store it I'm like I'm
surprising right now he relaxes house
for this
then I miss it no I didn't yet it's ice
let's realize we were poor with the fan
on the whole time oh it's not what
you're supposed to do when I get to the
toilet I'm gonna fucking destroy it I
hope I'm not out of TP coz this proof
was more like PP you're did you get that
that was supposed to sound like this DJ
be warranty when I get to the toilet I'm
gonna fucking destroy it I hope I'm not
out of TP coz this poop poop was more
like pee pee so I just left boiling crab
with ileana we got our fingers all
stinky got a pound of crawfish she has
some shrimp
how's it good
mm crawl fish see they're really little
but you eat the little part and you suck
the stuff out of the head and it's like
a delicacy right you like that you're
gross hey buddy hey buddy coming into my
lane huh coming in my lane yeah you're
on YouTube now what's up bitch at the
restaurant everybody I'm the uncle chin
and this man
Uncle Sam gangster and today we do the
shooting with a timid a that I get all
the other brother from my mother LA
traffic
I leave for Massachusetts going to UMass
Amherst Massachusetts but I still need
to like figure out what songs I'm doing
and I'm doing like a 20-minute set I've
never done the a set that long before
and um I also have to still got pack and
we got to uh gotta mow the lawn before I
quite go because you know not only
artist
scholar Eric's house get my haircut so I
look sharp for this show
brick $10 a cut if you want to come the
rigged spot okay just hit them up on
MySpace whatever you happen to be in the
Paramount Compton area $10 a haircut so
ten bucks guys you look like me well
maybe not like me but your haircut brick
all right kids
so I got a pack got a few hours before
his fight gotta get my PJs and my flaws
got to make sure my pubes are shaved and
UMass Amherst I will see you tomorrow
and what the show was on Saturday but
I'm heading out tonight and I'll see you
there all right fine oh yeah one more
thing Eliana's not really pregnant
April Fool's sorry if that got you upset
she's not really pregnant that was a
joke okay I promise I won't joke around
about that against
next time I tell you she's pregnant
brand-new for you all right
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
