so the spicy bombing challenge noodles
are actually delicious but I decided to
get the the not two times packet because
the two times spicy is kind of crazy I
decided to get the regular one see what
that's like because the two times was
actually bombed even though it was like
super extraordinarily too hot so just
eat on a regular basis but fix you right
here it should be good so I'm gonna
Banesto dab it and see what I can do on
some bachelor shit because I won't be
cooking you know so what we have here is
some leftover shrimp and crawfish and
mussels from a little seafood place that
me my parents like to go to king gutter
noodles cooking me mm-hmm
so now I'm going to take all my
leftovers from the seafood place put it
in my noodle here I'm gonna say it did
she lacks miso oh yeah I'm already this
is so uh it does this some next-level
shit bro I actually I probably City I
probably should tear this shit but hold
on you're gonna take audience with
crawfish got some shrimps got some
muscle Oh God yogurt about to be so long
let's take our time tonight good buddy
you know if he's gonna pour all this oh
my god Oh brah
this is some innovative shit homie so
right now peeling all my shrimp
crawfish mussels clams taking them all
off the shelf so I can enjoy this shit
without taking at it you guys let the
head out the crawfish that's how you're
supposed to eat it you understand mm-hmm
y'all don't suck the UH
suck the juice off the shrimp head and
the crawfish head I'm telling you man
first of all it's not their brains it's
their heart
the shrimp's heart is in his head but
I'm telling you man if you just to
select the juice out of that shit bro
suck the juice off the head is bomb no
pause give the shrimp head off
still the head off mm-hmm I always
thought that was Asian shit but I mean I
feel like they do that in Louisiana -
you know they peeling their crawfish and
shrimp it's shit okay we got one more
crawfish
all right see like a pop is muffling out
mm-hmm skills okay I'm gonna take some
corn
that's probably little too much point
that's on a fucking corner now I'm gonna
take the hot sauce on an actual packet
mm-hmm
oh my goodness oh yeah I feel like this
is going to be so far oh but this is a
dish it looks right now ball over okay
I'll admit it still looks disgusting but
this shit has to be fired I just know it
okay so some lime on there I got some
chopsticks out of the same size this
time for y'all going in okay
took a little crawfish hmmmmm okay man
oh yeah and that's a good amount of heat
too Oh
well I'm ingenious with this year bro
with the leftover in recipes mmm oh my
god Marcus wedding but the difference
between are you always so mad at eat
spoiling my chopsticks the fuck is wrong
with that bro come to handy definitely
spicy um but the difference between this
and the two times that it is for the
spicy ramen challenge this shit right
here
it definitely has me sweating but it's
not like unbearable you know this is
like a good spicy mMmmm I don't mean to
be making all the noise in your ear like
that but is it good like the sauce from
the leftovers is really like a kind of
like cutting the spice and the corn has
a little bit of sweetness and yeah for
my top chopstick call me and what mmm
five st. I'm up by its motherfucking
cooking video so uh I'm gonna eat beef
the Royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
