so uh about to shoot another film
I mean seeing for the film I did a
little quick impromptu banner like you
know I'm saying high school and stuff
WTF hi baby
yeah yeah bye buddy
no it's gonna go all over the the G and
like he's gonna look pinky alive for the
YouTube celebrity cameras on us 24/7
right superego i ricky shucks you know
what i'm talking about you know this
song bro I'm giving you the face where I
don't answer you here at LAX taking my
dad's to the airport he's going to
Thailand for a couple weeks handle some
business that mom over there
go get some drugs and some prostitute
bringing them back to us so we can sell
them that I smile
LAX Airport guys big-eared work
check out my mom's shirt see you see
where I get it that's why I get it guys
that's why I'm asking these people
I can't wait for what
get away - get away - good want to get
away my dad
all right party time party time my mom
trying to figure out how to work the she
has no idea what she's doing
it's pretty funny because okay
tonight man okay bye
sup guys so it's officially like my
first day of a spring break and you know
a lot of people are out partying and
going on vacations that shit me
I'm uh I kind of taking this week to
I've got a bunch of tracks I got to work
on with some people and I got a bunch of
videos I got a collaborations I got
sending video clips to people I also got
a clean as messy-ass room man dude I
spent like all my money on like either
taking it ilianna places or buying
jackets and kicks I just I've got so
many shoes I don't even haven't even
worn yet like I got these PF Flyers like
murmur from the sandlot PF Flyers baby
and I got a bunch of shit man like look
it's all like it's all piling up
I got kicks on top of kicks I don't want
to do with them right now I'm addicted
man it's a problem it's a problem vagina
shoes jackets and music man is what I'm
addicted to I can't so check it out I
found a temporary I found a temporary
solution to my um my overflow of coats
and I just I I hung up my little my
pull-up thing and I put on my jackets
there so you know it's like it's like
it's kind of like when someone has beads
before they walk into the room I got
yeah I got you know jackets and stuff so
I was cleaning my family's restaurant
and came outside and and I had people
waiting on me I'll introduce you do and
what happened
damn yeah okay I forgot to mention the
videos were closed on Mondays sorry to
these people
I think if spring break you know they go
crazy go hard go home oh wait but you
guys how are you guys
seventeen damn I'm gonna say like over
go you can go to this bar right here
yeah oh yeah okay oh you came from San
Diego damn sucks so I figure I should at
least put you in the video you know okay
represent represent so what would now no
no no Thai food so I'm reading the
comments on this update video I just put
up looks really dumb right there but I'm
reading the comments okay so in the
video you know I'm talking about I got a
couple of t-shirts for sale right and
then there are these people there's a
few comments this is really irritating
from people saying money hungry people
these days how sad and someone else
saying what are you saying you are so
desperate for money yeah I don't I don't
understand when people say you're a
sellout or you're desperate for money
when I'm selling like merchandise or
when I'm saying yeah like I'm getting
paid for something like how is that
selling out I don't get it like dianna
realize like this is my job like this is
my only job right now or you know like
oh no this is my only job and it's in
its you know and it's it's it's good you
know I'm saying like but so what do you
call people that that so ways that you
expect me to be a starving artist for
the rest of my life you expect me if
people want to tell me hey bro I'll pay
you this much amount of money for this
for a CD or something I'm just like no
no it's for the arch I am an artiste I
refuse to accept money because I am an
artiste I do it for the love bro I do it
for the passion of music like get the
get out of here man are you serious like
the dream is to be able to
do what you do what do what you love and
and and and make money off there and
live off there and that's what I'm doing
I'm living off this I'm living off the
art I'm living off the comedy and the
music and the YouTube videos right now
you know I'm saying so you want to call
me desperate for money because I have
some t-shirts that I'm selling like are
you serious
so what do you call it what do you call
it when when a musician you love goes on
tour when you buy those tickets he's
getting money you know I'm saying like
when they do shows they get money not
everybody's gonna be um satisfied with
living in a dirty apartment making music
forever you know saying like the dream
is always so yeah like be able to share
your music with lots of people but of
course make lots of money like you can't
call somebody a sellout for advancing
their career and improving their career
and taking steps towards something
bigger like that's the most retarded
this shit up ever heard call me a
sellout desperate for money
yeah I'm desperate for money for I'm
trying to eat I'm trying to pay bills
I'm trying to put food I'm trying to
help my family off the house like okay
desperate for money everybody's
desperate for money so dumb uh the Royal
penis is clean your highness Thank You
King shit
