hello I'm so sleepy sleepy driving
vlogging and I'm drunk and my penis is
out right now not a good thing she's not
a good thing animation shit I almost
forgot that part but yes I come coming
from my photography class and now i'm
heading to cerrito to meet up with bart
AKA uncle same of just kidding films so
you know collaborate on some ideas and
brainstorm if you will so yeah chillin
here at guppies in cerritos with this
dude what up let him know in this in
case they don't know just in case you
don't know barn I play Uncle Sam she's
no Gomez Park you a bunch of other
characters from justkiddingfilms check
us out on youtube i'm chillin here with
the man timothydelaghetto working on yo
you know said my fucking are it secret a
green ok see him saying eat some of the
secret Bobo um you know there look up
for some secret collaboration yeah blow
up it's gonna be crazy it's gonna be
crazy
okay so what up guys I'm in the back of
a car with a bunch of a scary of white
people guys guys I I hang out why people
to everyone thinks i don't i don't like
I'm racist on like white people but I
love white people I'm here with some as
you can see Angela and we're going it
are we getting paid again huh when we're
getting paid for you um thai food we
brought leftover ties me what is tired
neatza no hamburgers way better do with
it for crazy crazy Honkeys imma show
them I'm a soda what's going on right
now we're going on a crazy top-secret uh
not not so much but uh getting some shit
done making moves as always hey you
can't reduce yourself man yo sup
Minister Bruce Wayne what half a midi
mafia yeah I'm hanging out here man
Danny your children I'm giving him the
tour we're doing nothing yeah Michael
play some music you play me some music
yeah and then we just gonna you know
everything whatever you want to do and
whatever you want to do yeah I'm saying
are you in place on the right now the
best friends best friends look at the
best friend ran out in a bathroom wit
girl
best friends best friends look we even
have written in our group yeah the Nexus
cool we are the only guys we should put
that sign like not in the window so
we're uh I put a trash calendar here we
are in the bathroom another day actually
sucks the musical hey a lot of people
ask me what would be what's the
estimated release to me if not up to us
ok Wendy estimated when we're gonna be
done filming April ok so we should be
there in a couple weeks filming in terms
of when we're gonna put it up and how
much you're gonna put up we're still
deciding all that but still subscribe to
the YouTube channel because we will have
something on there very soon as I
promise promise right yes a teaser or
something something our community soon
ok as you can see we got a real set up
here we got real p
well I'm at the restaurant oh yeah if it
was yeah what's up it to do is way up
for way up from LB yeah 66 videos yeah
how's that food as you can see foods are
gone yes thank you David yeah psy
everybody everybody's counting my
family's restaurant right yeah that's
right yeah i just made my biggest fans
right here without introduced ourselves
there yo manage a yeah my name's Kiko
man yeah there hey I appreciate that
where you guys from oh so y'all ready to
scrub in my family shot yeah yeahs my
family's right here do that then you
guys let's go get to karaoke yah yah yah
yah may fish oh so right okay so uh my
dad my dad just handed me this envelope
that some guy gave me I guess from the
restaurant some guy named Han and
there's 50 bucks inside so um thanks hon
uh I hope you don't want some type of
sexual favor and return or anything uh I
don't I don't I can't I don't do much
for shit to bugs a handjob me no but I
yeah thanks i really need like a p.o box
but um also what I didn't do anything
Gahan yeah we also got this from Phoenix
Arizona nice shop bro your cousin was
hella cool thanks for the Thai iced tea
Corey yo Tim stopped by from i read that
wrong cuz I ripped it stop by from
Phoenix Arizona thank you I also have
this person from corona uh named alexis
who wrote me this long ass letter I'll
probably respond saying you know just
their eighth grade and I inspire them
and um and I'm you know I influence them
and all this stuff so thank you you know
it's been been getting a lot of love
lately um and um it's uh it's crazy it's
it's dope you know I don't I don't
really know what to say but thank you to
everybody for four show me so much love
you know like it's really a beautiful
thing you know like from the beginning
the whole point the whole reason I do
videos is to spread love and spread joy
and Cheer and you know bring just
positive energy to the universe man and
now that I'm I'm getting it back it um
it's dope it really is so thank you and
money to awesome the royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
