what is good party people we have a busy
action-packed day ahead of us already
went to my golf class and handle some
golf business you know I'm saying put
some balls in a hole you know eating
this Simpsons donut from 7-eleven and I
gotta hurry up and get this photography
assignment done because it's due on
Monday I had this idea I always liked
the way melted ice cream looks I've
always taking pictures of it ever since
I was like a little kid so I'm gonna do
this is like some weird photography shit
with this melted ice cream with some
melts I hate to waste all his ice cream
cuz it's a lot man but well hopefully
she even if the pictures aren't good
hopefully she appreciates the concept
you know I'm saying um anyways after
that about to go to this meeting in LA
and um oh yeah I got to try and get this
friggin here we go cypher done too okay
I'll keep you posted so fast forward to
the end of the day you know and
everyone's at my house right now for
another day of filming high school sucks
the musical and a lotta y'all wondering
why is it taking so long it's basically
only shoot on the weekends you guys you
know everyone's work and I was going to
school but as you can see ya we've done
to my house types into a little studio
here and going over line and Rick soila
ciao Super Mario Carter console but
insert Italy Peters on my there are here
and I yeah we're all sitting yet no but
it's my mom's birthday happy birthday
too
yay happy birthday tell i lo something
okay okay my time my mom wants me to
film her next to her her tree here and
holding the fruit and i'm not talking
about Peters mmm beautiful okay from
here at barnes & noble liliana she's a
little thick but look what I found guys
this is the original teenage mutant
ninja turtles by Eastman and Laird I had
this like for real when I was five years
old like an old beat-up version there
was like no color she was all in black
and white and I had it man and I used to
read it all the time and look at the
pictures and this was before freaking
you know a hot topic um like I had a
whole bunch of Ninja Turtle ships and
ninja turtles were cool again like this
was my shit dude awesome yeah this is
how I remembered it like this cool it's
taking me back and of course anyway I
was a huge comic book fan some over here
in the comic book section and rihanna's
looking at address book oh what a girl
what a girl dress that's coming mm-hmm
dresses so we're looking at some
educational games here we got wind power
baby builder and then hey crazy forts 69
gross what are you doing in those forts
huh yuck
beautiful yeah you hmm so it's my mom's
birthday party celebration here ileana
we're gonna stop by my day
zach is it cracking in there stop hey
mom drunk I'm drunk tybee room hi mom
hello buddy cop Oh sidhant a people
singing karaoke my mom Carol hi mom hi
mom happy birthday present oh it's in
the car was crazy like even crazy die
people crazy crazy it's like spring
break over here guiana having a blast oh
man John is crazy
yeah yeah get it girl get it girl right
here friggin this lady right here
ha
no I
I
the royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
