I'm not about to get on this plane to go
to San Francisco I saw this dude staring
at me and apparently he watches a video
so they felt it get to do if you do my
name's Jose either from norwalk yeah so
that's just cat I was like he'll
disguise of summer yeah
what's good I finally finally got to my
hotel room it was a long long process
getting here because it's super rainy in
San Francisco right now and freaking um
like the flight was delayed it was
supposed to take off at two it didn't
take off till four super mad traffic San
Francisco Oh check out I'm in the hotel
room chillin um here's my San Francisco
out here can I open it ah so there's the
view from my little room there I'm gonna
go walk around a little bit yeah me san
francisco bay area was good ah i frickin
driving back oh come into the room like
I got picked up you know and I had to
poop so bad man in traffic was crazy oh
man okay that's it there's no there's no
funny ending i pooed I'm news mark yeah
hey word let's tell how much you love my
videos man I love your video is so funny
yeah alright so they hear you but yeah
but yeah oh man good morning Oh sunny
day it's always sunny sunny day in San
Francisco oh wow this balloons out my
window for whatever reason I don't know
what that's about for me I guess um
about to uh I have no toothpaste Here I
am stopped by one fills room get some
toothpaste bar one night I mean I spent
the night as you can see it's all messy
and wrong thing got beat up boot job hey
well yeah I've got to brush my teeth
with this bottle of jack hey but yeah
see isn't that the beauty of YouTube
love man whenever you need anything
ultimate evil yeah seriously onion okay
enough
Oh
yeah whoo he has cities for sale
oh it's all ages
go
word I need to keep it we're going and
just give you this mean bugs like yeah I
know why is it people think people think
that we have beef it won't me if you
want leave like one guy okay okay we do
have we do have these me in this guide
yeah we hate this dude hate this dude
it's internet people man they take
everything and they think it's like we
all hate each other because especially
in regions get yeah exactly it's like i
only like fellow type people do it hey
hey you love your mom know she's so nice
did I hate you what okay a block of
lucky of luxury why are you talking
about I iswhat when I walked up I was
like is that his mom or sister no for
real and i'm not even i'm not baby I'm
serious
oh my video how'd you come across yeah
that was fun I was interested good stuff
good stuff let me get the panel of you
say what's up guys sup guys yo hey yeah
Jim's blog right here on go this is your
conscious for watching Timothy's video
do you want to set it to type up he's
got a fun hey Tim how to talk to girls
how do I can't throw this innocent man I
figured I'd put together a little video
of some do's and don'ts ok oh my god de
la ghetto did you I like my number one
did you see Judas it will se me right
now I did I cannot I cannot I cannot
like stop jacking off after tonight to
my videos oh ok good like that vaseline
vaseline is like burying hi hey is it
very uncomfortable you're not supposed
to Cecily like God ya like like what if
my dick is too dry huh roasted loced
hush
wait how we getting back there's about
to be crazy what's up
I'm your number one I heard you love me
you want to save my CI love you say she
love me I love you do they say you love
me where's Jeong Jeong my gosh hey hey
hey yeah man wait can I get in this your
armor oh yes this complete yeah Oh
Caitlin Dewey block at the moment your
honor right now yeah
mommy's I'm a boat on this way I'm go
down this way yeah yeah okay so finally
got done leaving us a like crazy now
we're good is that street light
nightlight is kind of sexy something I
gotta gotta yep she was crazy hey guys
oh the panel is yes baby yeah the panel
was you know fun the after the panel's
nuts yes speaking of nuts there was like
hey guys yes around it this man right
here yeah dude and you kept at one point
I think I want boy something someone
someone touch my penis at one point I
think she was grabbing my stomach or
something all like I get off me but it
was fun thank you to everybody showed up
showing us let man love and whatnot yep
and okay
hey
get this little girl here secretly
filming us yeah go up to it I see you
hello hey Tommy slick alright so I'm
about to head out my second night out
here my boy Jonathan like I've known as
dude since I was like three and a half
four yep so I mean we know each other
for 20 years 20 years years that's crazy
it's crazy Thank You G BCS GBC has
gardena valley christian school baby
yeah friends for life BFFs right here
strong call me Jonathan oh we've got a
minute sir um cupcaking um Kail the
homie young killed iphone 4 and he came
with a marble people um but yeah drunk
so I don't even know I'll remember what
happened last night check my phone like
damn who da texts and ten tweets too but
its okay its end nothing crazy now we're
gonna uh yeah show you what the oh you
shout out to shout after you to let him
know youtube.com slash don't want to
hear that shit what you guys Oh fanfare
got all your show what is it what is
this what is it Cal 2k5 youtube.com
slash kill 2k5 fourth 04 so gamma I'm
tix here in the studio nice the singer
subscribe hi guys yeah shale Yoshi's
some dope shit right now she's laying
down some shit right now dude when this
is drops y'all need to buy like 10
copies for real hell yeah for real she
bout to play me some exclusives we all
can hear it yeah wait let them know let
them know oh my name is faster you know
just do be making Smash Hitz touch oh
yeah yeah yeah yeah Tim tell you that
and then this guy Scotty Scotty dude
let's do i do nothing man hey I guess
this is a nice studio cool I guess are
these buttons I don't even know what
though I'll get here deserted us i love
you put heels for leaving san francisco
sepa school is the shit I've never had
so much love shown to be in a city
before dope people dope provided and
that was the main thing in door locked
our feel like I'm work in front of the
cabin 11 on your neighbors of my ex's
y'all decide that thank you at this time
please turn off all cell phones wireless
