good morning party people it is a
beautiful day for numerous reasons a big
reason being that laughs got my car back
whoo feels so good to be back in my car
everything's fixed everything's we make
sure my get my license plate everything
is good to go everything's fixed Nikki's
ready good to go check it out guys do
you see this just use traffic it goes
all the way turnt up all the way now it
goes all the way down that way there
it's the freaking there's like a meter
or something over there just got back
from a little meeting got some things
popping off I don't want to reveal all
that yet but some low-key things popping
off here and there here and there you
know I'm saying you know I'm saying you
know I'm saying
now we're just gonna enjoy the view okay
you and me together through the days
vocals baby I guess since I'm in traffic
I can talk to you guys about something
that was on my mind you know whenever I
do a video that involves like blast
video I'll do it like the cover of baby
with legacy and Cathy Nguyen and when I
do collaborations with like little craze
and J rise and D pride and all these
Asian rappers and musicians everyone's
always like Tim why do you not why do
you only collaborate with Asians like
why don't you collaborate you know with
other people are you racist and here's
the thing first of all it's ridiculous
to call me racist when Rick is like in
all my videos my best friends that you
see in my videos are black Mexican my
girlfriend's Mexican but um especially
music wise I mean I've done tracks with
a mere all-black R&B group the word
black guy young blaze black guy audible
Mexican guy but the thing the the reason
why you see a lot of Asians
collaborating with each other on the
internet on YouTube and and collectively
is because YouTube is our only media you
know I'm saying right now it's like the
mainstream doesn't want us they're not
ready for us right now like the radio
isn't done you know they're not playing
this you don't you don't see Asian
people on TV or in movies usually you
know maybe the occasional Asian girl and
this is why you know in terms of the
rapping especially you see a lot of us
coming together and trying to help each
other out and force each other because
no one else is gonna help us out you
know saying this is why we are we look
to the Internet you know I'm saying
because there's there's people that
can't appreciate that and listen to us
and know we got skills even though
there's always going to be people in the
mainstream media that you know they're
and they're not really trying to see
Asians singing rapping acting as regular
people and not like you know the nerd in
the class or the sexy seductress age
you know so that's why you see me really
going hard with these with these Asian
peoples you know as a group this is why
you see me at these Asian shows this is
why I get booked for so many Asian shows
it's because we are helping each other
out supporting each other you know I'm
saying we get booked because no one else
is booking us you know so um all these
shows where you're like why are there
nothing but Asians there's because these
are shows put on by Asian people with
Asian acts with Asian crowds you don't
Sam because where else are you gonna go
it's on back from school
checking my youtube of course I have to
clean my room because I'm kind of
reorganizing everything in my room is
like a super super mess right now
it's crazy I'll probably end up oh you
see what I did with the signs they're
like I'm freaking artistic man probably
gonna sell a bunch of these I got a
bunch of kicks here a lot of shoes I
haven't even been worn yet got a bunch
of old like fitted that are still in
really good shape one of my paintings
from my painting class I want to sell a
bunch of stuff on eBay I might have like
a giant garage sale and probably on eBay
but check it out look what we got in the
mail
panic pop package comes with some
lollipop and a little fortune cookie
they're both candies for you guys oh yes
I'm excited and y'all need to get
excited because it's here the no racial
shirt bitch what is good no racial oh
man is it incite yeah I gave like a
rough design and then they took it and
made it better and added some stuff but
um no Rachel serves baby panic pop calm
I don't know when exactly it'll be up
but get you five at ease
we're about to watch Angela on American
Idol
whoa fag fag kabuki Kazushi look guys I
get the number they gave us 96 you know
that is that's when you turn around and
part on the back of each other's heads
yeah try that tonight
see
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
