but good hiya I just saw this guy
holding a sign and I gotta get him on
camera I don't know where he went would
he go there you're very very good you
gotta turn this off hold on sec ah here
we go circumcision kills ya all right
thank you yes why the circumcision kill
well it kills over two hundred babies a
year on the operating table just from
the pain of it doesn't care that's
amazing doesn't count conscious
knowledge for the type of infection and
hemorrhaging later so you're not
circumcised how I am but I'm one of the
lucky ones okay it kills hundreds and
hundreds of children and babies over
here thank you yeah alright well and the
scientists that are studying at have
found out that any group that practice
is more violent like the Jews in the
Americans and the Muslims are the three
main groups that do it if they always
fight really yeah more murder more right
more suicide everything when you got a
group that's doing circumcision it
increases all of those statistics right
murder suicide drug abuse everything hmm
thank you yes a terrible thing to do
I'll spread the word thank you very much
thank you
so that's why I'm so pissed off all the
time it's cuz I'm circumcised shit the
royal penis is clean your highness Thank
You King shit
