guess what guys it's my birthday baby
that's why I'm in my birthday suit
butt-ass naked opening up his vlog for
y'all nice and Nicki for y'all cause
it's my birthday you know what and it
feels good I'm only 34 it's a beautiful
thing just kidding I'm 24 I know that my
cut might come as a shock to a lot of
y'all 24 some of you might ask why are
you still living at home when you're 24
and here's the thing let's talk about
this I'm still living at home because I
just feel like my parents have been
taking care of me my whole life and
truth be told I could move out right now
I'm making enough money so that I could
move out right now but they're
struggling with bills economy's rough
like who am I to you know like have them
take care of me my whole life and then
as soon as I can
I got some money up and leave you know
I'm saying so I'm staying I'm here I'm
home I'm here with the fam you know I'm
saying I'm a grown-ass man handling my
business but you know taking care of my
my two older roommates that happen you
know have had sex and gave birth to me
and it's a beautiful thing you know okay
so that's why I'm still at home you know
and I'm naked hey um I'm on my way to
the restaurant to get um cuz my mom got
some monks to come over and like do and
they're gonna do like some blessing some
Buddhist blessings on me for my birthday
you don't kind of wish me good tidings
and all that and just in case you're
curious you know I was raised in a
Christian school I went to a Christian
school but my parents are Buddhist so
like even though I feel like I have a
personal relationship with God the
Christian God I don't see anything wrong
with me going and getting blessings from
from some Buddhist monks you know just
because especially now that I'm older I
feel like if when you put titles on
stuff you just kind of limit it you know
I'm saying like when you define
everything you just kind of limit where
your mind can go where your heart can go
where your soul can go so I have my
relationship we got I'm gonna go get
blessings from these Buddhist mom
and take in with they're trying to send
me and it's all a beautiful thing it's
all love you know especially since I
feel like um you know my parents at
Buddha's and that's a big part of them
and their culture as well we're here BJ
my mom over there a booth right there
chillin with some of the man yeah here
BJ's having a little birthday brunch
with the homies is me you know Rick you
know Eric and yes guys that is ego from
the total videos since you keep asking
that is him and they say the same thing
every single
Timothy DeLaGhetto video I've known Eric
since high school guys we had drama
class together did musicals together
and now we're 24 ah childer I mean it
feels interesting um I do feel older
like I did like you know what people say
just another day like it is another day
but I do feel like I'm over I really
felt oh yeah okay um sing to me again
Doug Oh same to me great thing to me a
rich King to me Eric just sayin to me
like some seconds go make cinnamon uh
you guys miss there it was on the table
dances and I wait just completely
totally surprised me with this mizuki
right now it was crazy free Oh shot I
was like damn I was gonna got that on
video she brought it and I knew I was
gonna get it and I started going crazy
okay this is a bazooka guys this ice
cream on top of little cookie cake it's
how we do out here DJs what's funny Rick
we want to see Ricky Lucy Rick always be
gonna come bring attention to the table
man
annoying hey you hey sexy thing hey sexy
thing hey you Kahala can i holla hell
yeah
so over here at a Nordstrom's
looking at these shoes that are on sale
I might get these creative recreations
right here cuz they lick in Canada which
I know about some creative recreations
y'all don't know but um yes my birthday
Ilyana just bought me some vans and I
think I might hook myself up with a
little something something something on
saying huh yeah yeah if I can get some
service so before I buy a pair of shoes
I have to make sure I can do this
comfortably I can't see I can't see you
jig the jig test no no to that
okay go go Michelle
so uh happy
kids so uh here we Liana chillin closing
the restaurant you know you look she's
sick but you know you look cute when
you're just chillin and like you're you
know you know you know your hair is not
all up and stuff you're just chillin my
pajama pants you know cute let me get
some good lighting for the thumbnail and
then I can put like I can put like um
sex hair and then it's gonna get a
bajillion views cop hair hell yeah sick
scoff it's me happened hotter and I'll
be like haha what up bitch to all the
people that were like oh oh he's only
putting his girlfriend as the blablabla
and um oh um I'm trying to find the
freakin where's the girl at why is this
ugly chink with the freaking with this
hot-ass chick he must be paying her ha
ha I'll have you know I stopped paying
her like a month ago whatever y'all I'm
home and I actually recorded some other
footage but my camera froze again I need
a new one
um basically you know I was gonna go to
this bar in Long Beach invite everybody
but then like it was all stupid and
rainy and Erica's sick Rick is sick
Ilyana sick and everybody was sick so me
okay I just want to go watch um Alice in
Wonderland and um kicked it call it a
night
you know so hey 24 thank you everybody
for all the birthday wishes everybody on
Facebook MySpace Twitter YouTube
everybody that showed me mad love I
appreciate you I love you um it feels
good to be where I'm at
it feels good to be doing what I'm doing
for y'all and I appreciate the love I
appreciate the support I really really
really really really do and um thank you
thank you love you
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
