of course for me so I got my dad on the
camera right now say what's up dad so
I'm dead so um you guys have been
missing a lot lately because of my other
camera broke when it didn't break but it
freezes a lot so here's what's going
here as you know I got into an accident
so guess what happened guys chillin in a
red light and I got rear-ended yeah
sucks right I haven't even paid my first
payment on this car yet career ended
haha funny story as soon as I am as soon
as I got out of the car I must have
looked pissed off because like dude who
was bigger than me I walked towards him
and he goes Joe hit me that's like I'm
not gonna hit you bro
do you have insurance yes he had
insurance thank God
hopefully that's an easy fix it looks
like an easy fix still sucks though man
s mhm I got pulled over the other day I
didn't you didn't know that that game
yeah fighting good ticket so guess what
that is in the river mirror guys that's
right I just got pulled over by the Pope
hose the popos who what jabal whatcha
gon do
I didn't apparently my headlights
weren't on but he's still running my
information after I got on a freakin got
in an act
rear-ended in the rear
what old days me
so we missed a little bunch of stuff I
was really sick for a little while that
I had like the worst headache I've ever
had in my life yesterday but I'm okay
now I'm all better you guys missed a lot
of me like dressing up as a girl again
for the musical and I'm sorry my boy
you'll do that all the time man and so
now what we're doing is I'm taking in my
car which is damaged too to into the
shop and I'm gonna go pick up my rental
car and so now you're all updated so
okay got the rental car what do you
think Dad so got the rental car I got
Mickey on the rental car ready to go huh
I got another Ford Fusion and we're so
here at Costco with my dad and we found
within its monks looking at computers
once aren't supposed to be using
technology that's right they're supposed
to like wait what's the rule our monk
stay home this was like uh-huh uh-huh
you got cut part of cut my favorite part
of Costco damn bull and they're all out
and everybody gets in line what's up bro
I am Timothy DeLaGhetto bro going on you
just got your on your own video buddy
hey what's up yeah
wait on these samples oh hey we'll dude
it will all might you watched my daily
my day I got another channel with uh
when pieces on a bagel
I wanna fish you can EP so anytime take
a bite baby
samples samples educational gross or
so we can get whatever you know we had
to get some cheese no no no nothing is
complete without love peace blue ball
I'm a bit hit and that a blue baller I'm
a baller
that means that means that lots of money
yeah so I'm trying to eat this Kogi beef
taco but I got one problem destiny I
can't feed you this taco I like it and
it's too spicy for you anyways you know
doesn't he doesn't he
you're not gonna like this taco I'm
sorry I love you though destiny ready
attack attack yeah yeah bite that but
fighting Liana's but do it destiny don't
be scared of the camera yeah bite it
yeah get her your biter put off the
royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
