look at that look at that and look at
that makeup yeah this input sensors make
minute ads last night this shit is rock
hard dude oh that's so cool to have this
oh yeah I put that home in your car I
put that yeah I put that on my little uh
is that the High Definition it is the h0
it you Asians are always a headless dude
it's how we do so I have to fill me with
with lisanova I am now fighting traffic
as you can see the Jazz traffic against
bejaz traffic fighting traffic to get my
way to school so I can go fail this
midterm for my astronomy class should be
fun woof woof all over that ass you fat
my name is Victor what's up what up
people you know I was going to really
try and fill this vlog up with more
interesting stuff from my daily days
before I put it up but you know tonight
Andrew Garcia American Idol
y'all need to vote for him everybody
called in I don't even know what the
number is yet I don't even know what
song he's gonna sing but I know he's
gonna kill it so everybody vote Andrew
Garcia that's the homie shown love he's
a youtuber if you got love for YouTube
you got love for Andrew Garcia and now
to make this video more entertaining
let's see let's give you a little tour
around the room really quick okay let's
see we got Yoda on the ground there
we got floss I was floss like two to
three times a day we got some dirty
laundry that I'm doing here skeet all in
these towels right here here we go we
got some pictures from my photography
class cuz you know I'm saying rapper
actor comedian and photographer yes I'm
the shit let's see what else we got over
here
some dead flowers new hat that I bought
a couple new hats artwork from an art
class
freakin let's see oh yeah and one more
thing before I forget
shout out to these people who stopped by
the restaurant hey Tim Thai smile was
BOM keep doing what you were you do
hella funny best of luck
PS still waiting on the forever video
me too dog me too your fans
Jenn Jett Jensen and John real John rile
that was February 20th I'm also still
waiting on the forever video
freakin a freakin deep-fried man had a
whole like apparently he has like a
whole TV station filming his part and I
rushed my part with my little with my
little camcorder so if my part looks mad
dumb compared to everybody else's it's
not my fault let's see sup Timothy one
of my friends came up to your parents
restaurant oh no no me and my friends
came up to your parents restaurant from
Dago big up to San Diego AHA this place
is bomb man where you at though your
vids are tight as hell can you make a
shout-out to Dago kids Mikey or Kevin M
and Daryl M there you go shout-out to
you guys thank you for coming to my
family's spot I'd greatly appreciate it
big up to San Diego hope to head out
there soon love it out there vote for
Angie Garcia the Royal penis is clean
your highness
Thank You King shit
