we got some bad news
um yesterday somebody broke into my
parents house and stole a bunch of sheep
a bunch of my mom's jewelry um what else
I don't know Mom yeah and I wasn't sure
if I was going to tell you guys or not
but then I thought maybe it was
important to let you know that you know
bad things do happen to good people and
um you know a lot of y'all think that
like my life is perfect and shit and you
know I'm not gonna lie my life is pretty
fucking great but you know it's just
that you never know what's going to
happen sometimes you know they went into
my old room
Hey they did they did we cleaned it up
but they went through a lot of different
shit you know I'm saying took took a
bunch of like old technology and old
shoes and they went through a bunch of
shit they took uh we they had my parents
I just had a little birthday party so
they had a bunch of liquor from their
friends they took a bunch of the liquor
they went all they messed up my mom's
closet went through all her shit oh it's
okay it's okay
everything they took I'm gonna buy back
Dilton Zuzu and I my okay little rains
new necklaces Michael hope I never told
Hey really it is okay with me I need
so yeah man I just want to show you guys
that sometimes shit happens and you
never know what can happen so be careful
of be careful who you trust be careful
who you let into your life when you know
lock your doors but you just never know
sometimes you know I'm saying no matter
how much positivity you try to put out
there sometimes there will be negativity
and evil rearing its head trying to fuck
you up and throw you off I just uh
grateful that my mom is safe so that my
dad is safe and that everybody's good
but like CNN is pretty annoying and it's
not even like the monetary value of the
stuff it's like my mom had a lot of
jewelry that was kind of like
sentimental to her like family heirlooms
shit that she like wanted to pass on to
cheer just like super sad both like you
know you know man
but whatever what can you do we're lucky
to be alive
I'm lucky she's alive still and and safe
so all you can really do is just move on
clean up save up
that's it and while we're on the topic
of you know like you never know
sometimes what could happen you know I
just wanted to talk about like family
and parents in general you know I'm
saying because I know you guys watch my
videos and you know a lot of people
comment hey Tim I like the way you treat
your family and and how you you so much
so show so much love to them and you
know like as a kid to be completely
honest you know I was like I had my
disrespectful moments as a child I've
said and done things to my parents and
my mom especially that like I regret and
I know like I heard her a lot in the
past and that's part of the reason why I
try so much to make up for that now you
know I'm saying and and now it's like it
helps that I can financially take care
of them but more than that you know
that's why I try to make sure and go out
of my way on Mondays to atleast always
give them some type of family time
dinner time especially you know I'm the
only child you know so my mom would
always tell me like you know other
families other kids they move out as
soon as they turn 18 other cultures they
leave their family but Asians we stay
and we take care of our family we don't
do that you know saying that's my mom I
would have lived at her house til I was
told till I was 80 you know saying so
but you know I had to get out and do my
own thing but I still moved close to my
family I'm literally like a few blocks
away from my family if you ought to know
that and some people ask me like how
come you didn't get a spot in in
Hollywood close to that LA and of course
it would be more convenient you know I'm
saying now that I'm house shopping I'm
looking for spot closer to Hollywood but
um when I got this spot I I wanted to be
close to my family because like I wanted
to be accessible to them you know like I
wanted to be there for my parents if
they needed me because I didn't want to
make it seem like oh now that I got some
money I'm just going to bounce you know
I'm saying and plus I felt like you know
especially as an only child my mom
already had a difficult time with me
moving out so I want to be close you
know I gave them a key to my spot not
like a man look if you guys ever want to
stop in you're welcome blah blah blah
and for like a good month my dad would
just come in and I had to tell them like
that you got to either knock or call
please because I could be jacking off on
the couch like one of the prime benefits
of living on your own is that you can
jack off wherever you want I can be
chilling on my couch butt-naked in the
living room watching porn volume all the
way up and it's all good and that is one
of the perks of living alone you know
stuff like that please you got it you
gotta at least let me know bro
so yeah you did and you know my parents
are getting old and and I and I and I
recognize that you know and if anything
you know you get to a point where you
realize that your parents are people too
you know saying they make mistakes and
they they feel pain and part of the
reason why I'm so vocal about what I do
and how I treat my parents in the video
is because I kind of want to show people
like hey man um you have to treat all
your relationships the same way that you
would treat like a boyfriend/girlfriend
relationship you know I'm saying you
have to take the time and take that
effort or take the time and make the
effort to actually make it work if you
want to make it work you know I'm saying
like a lot of people are so quick to cut
off their family for like a tiny
disagreement you know I'm saying but
then you'll stick with a boyfriend or
girlfriend through so much bullshit so
much fighting so much disrespectful shit
because you're in love you know I'm
saying but then like you put in all this
work into these relationships but then
you you you're so quick to cut off your
family relationships you know and I just
feel like to make a relationship last
you have to put in work in every
relationship so a lot of people don't
realize that and I know parents can be
annoying for sure I know my parents seem
adorable and hilarious and the videos
but you know they definitely get
annoying as
well you know and but you got to realize
men they're like old you know they don't
understand a lot of shit man sometimes
you got to be the bigger person take a
deep breath try and be patient lord
knows it's difficult I know but you know
at this point I look at my parents a
little like little old little gray
babies you know like I got a I got a
really be patient with them heshes
something like I can't get frustrated
when they're asking me to help them use
technology and help them figure out the
new phones because like they they're not
used to this shit they haven't been
around for this shit you know like it's
just not their generation and you know
you got to think back like there's an
episode of master of none where you know
he's like that I can't help you with
your email but then like and then it
flashes back that his dad buying like
spending all their money to buy him his
first computer you know I'm saying is
like you forget about the shit that your
parents really did for you and the time
they put in and like how they basically
dedicated their lives to help you and
and get what you wanted as a kid you
know granted I know I know there's some
fucked up parents out there there's some
people that don't deserve the time of
the effort I recognize that but I'm
saying for for us and but most parents
do you know and so I just want to remind
y'all to you know put in the effort and
show your parents some love you know
before it's too late
because you never know what can happen
example I never would have thought that
my house would get broken into but then
that just makes you think about like
them what if my mom and dad were there
when it happened what if you know dude
had a gun you know saying so it's like
you just never know man she can happen
any day and the worst feeling is like
regret feeling like shit I should have
spent more time with my mom or dad when
they were here you know like why didn't
I
why did I keep telling him now I can't
do that when you could have you know I'm
saying so yeah right
I'm trying to shoot some more sketches
in advance for my main channel this is a
struggle right now I've been travelling
but his beer shit but yeah I'm gonna
take a nap
Steve Royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
subbu you like Asian food yeah okay so
uh would you come home with me tonight
I'm gonna give you all that and dim sum
