okay so we're here at the school where
we use the film but apparently nobody
knows where Peter is so me and record
just kind of walking around reportedly
eric is that subway and the rest of the
crew went to go wake up Peter what the
blob Marley festival isn't long beach
right now so i think i might just go to
that down me yeah here at the restaurant
special guest look who's here let them
know let him know if they don't know
yeah and it's some random asian bum soda
diet bump some food huh evil and Rick of
course I still want you if you gain a
little weight the way you always be feel
awesome voice is gone but it's all good
cuz you know what the show is with you
tell you she imagined Garcia guys yes
sir holy widows that handling Widow
there man Skiles was good but you know
teenager Garcia don't forget to support
our vehicle fire
thank you yeah what's up girl see you up
there yeah always bring the cliff never
know I know you shout out to these dudes
right here I don't cavity hey let him
know we love ya I don't know gucci
dancing maybe dancing
I go there I got the royal pain is it
clean huh regular kid hey hey get out of
my room yes figure I'm so excited 20
piece chicken nuggets baby and you see
what I did there sweet sour sauce with
hot mustard and then you mix it you got
sweet and sour hot mustard we got bitch
at tempe I get fries Roger played out
dawg pfizer so Oh 8 so you don't
annoying everybody's gonna be like Tim
that's not real chicken okay you you
know what they use for the chicken and
his chicken ears and all that and I
don't care it's delicious as long as it
doesn't make me shit myself and as long
as it tastes good I'm really not
tripping hungry what Rick's a vegetarian
dude I had kind of a rough morning woke
up super late still had to flatten out
prints for my photography class didn't
get to poop well I had to poop but I to
cut it off short because like you know I
was late for class got to school didn't
park in the structure because
instructions far from my class parked at
a meter close to class um got to class
late for my critique but luckily she let
me um be a part of the critique is
usually she wouldn't let you do that um
got my I got my prince in which is good
got out of class um I got to poop
finally again finish off that poop which
was which was a good thing but furgan
parking ticket uh
I so Ricky go stop right in the middle
book both the road right here hey hey
what Davis faces Jana applicat monkey
shoot your eye out man the royal penis
is clean your highness Thank You King
shit
