was good party people I'm late for
school gotta take pictures for my
photography class I'm always late man
getting some quick breakfast grabbing
one of these things it's you know one of
these things some people call them
Powell some people call them I think
like Chinese come sir Powell
- I call them salapao but you know how
shits so first thing I gotta go to with
my golf class I'm late but you know this
heroes get into me don't wanna live this
life shout out the dime-a-dozen this is
off it's like one of his old mixtapes
this way I'll put on when I'm speeding
at school
you gotta feel it's always dope to be
able to put your your key homies on you
know my homies on and bump that shit you
know like it's crazy when I don't listen
to radio anymore because don't listen to
mainstream cash anymore if I want to
listen to some R&B I'll put all my
friends I want to listen to some brass
I'll put all my friends but if I want to
have sex I can't put all my friends
because it's like it's a weird it's
weird when you're having one time I had
a one a wax and CDs plan
I'll get intimate with my lady and then
I was like okay we got to turn this off
because it feels like your homies just
in the room I talking to you you know
but speaking of all means vote for
Andrew Garcia baby teenager Garcia don't
forget American Idol so it's a it's like
9 o'clock at night I've spent the last 4
or 5 hours making prints for my
photography class can't this is like
totally empty right now except for those
two people over there sitting on the
grass hopefully they don't think I'm
weird for doing this but um yeah man
that's kind of crazy when campuses is
empty like I wonder what would happen if
I just I just ran over here ah yeah oh
there's something like I wonder what
those people over there thinking $5 $5
foot long huh right mom
right what $5 foot too much that's a
deal
$5 footlong too much for me no this is
healthy
yeah that's the wolf vegetables tunas
okay let's go people is a new day and
right now I'm heading towards LA and a
couple other places I got like two
meetings today that I got to go on
luckily I'm not needed today for the
musical so pick up Ileana she's gonna
come with me we're gonna be in LA
putting in work son grinding here in
Marina del Rey just had a meeting with
some people you're gonna see the
aftermath of the meeting soon here
getting some coffee bean with this chick
and actually now we're gonna grab a
quick bite sir ah a dog hey Dad you guys
read that what really you will be
successful in business and married life
and I got a wealth await you very soon
thank you this guy's so pissed off that
hope endure huh bleep I can fly I
believe sing it babe Fionna
yah-hoo
okay so I just left my second meeting
we're now in Hollywood I'm chillin at
the Starbucks good legacy the singing
group they gave me to get on track
they're doing tonight which you'll see
some and so I'm gonna write this shit
last minute why would she let Starbucks
head up to the studio tonight and what
are you doing that homework it's the
lights man
so we go kickin it with a legacy y'all
seen these dudes online introduced about
to about to make another hit right now
five million views do it go do it right
now
so excited red velvet cupcakes my
witness we're gonna take about ten
minute break
hey what's up yes is your voice like a
sheet yeah yes behind the word word hey
we should all do the video like that so
after a long day I'm exhausted three
meetings driving all around la Hollywood
don't pass cover one don't pass cover
with no seat dog heaven you win and
legacy look for that soon I am beat
and now I got to go home and finish up a
little verse for me and cavador gonna be
tomorrow and and wake up early so we can
go fill tomorrow morning yes
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
