alright say what's up everybody yeah now
you gotta tell them that you love my
video I don't know when you go oh yeah
but yeah so I just got recognized by
some fans over here I'm sorry I didn't
get your name happy birthday again
you're eating with my mom my dad
so
so right now I'm picking a brick to do
block TV with me but he doesn't know
that my mom and dad are in the car too
it's gonna be so funny yeah it'll eat
anger hello hey let's go man is gonna go
potty that's what the supply hey
supplies why'd you say it huh good
morning it's a beautiful day and I'm
late for school but it's okay cuz it
feels good today got my niggy here
lying on the antenna you can see that oh
and um yeah about to go to this golf
class and um get my swing on you know
I'm saying so on some completely random
stuff I just got out of class JR Aquino
called me while I was in golf class and
told me that him and AJ Rafael and um
and the Wong foo guys are filming a
video for when AJ songs in hermosa beach
so um i was gonna do a couple shut up
i'm making a video i was gonna do a
little uh a little work done before my
next class but after a couple hours and
then I'm gonna go to my night class shut
up did I get on the wrong damn it so I'm
not here in hermosa beach trying to find
JRA and AJ Rafael and Phillip I have no
idea we'll have an idea but I'm little I
don't know whether a hat man I've been
walking down this Beach like 10 minutes
now freakin put like three dollars on
the meter so I could have three hours up
here hmm okay schloss found jr keno so
up you out on this tower yes a
blackguard animal control yes a bullshit
I need some CPR but once again i'm here
with phil of wongfuproductions it was a
jaywalking by over there yeah so what's
going on in come on here I just kind of
got called randomly know if I have no
idea what's going on we wanted you to
just be here for a good company bro oh
yeah you're an amazing person say it's
good to be here for most of each filming
when we say music video word one of my
favorites thank you hey we're here with
wongfuproductions where'd up these
garrick you doing big things right now
yeah they're doing amazing
doing amazing yeah he's doing the behind
the scenes you know he's my friend well
she is a video word yeah sweet you know
we got Tim delegate Oh what I love
saying hey you know I'm saying you know
oh see that's it cooking closes in the
meter yeah yeah oh that's the newest hit
from they are keen oh right there look
for me on the remix though and you are
introduced yeah well Noel from come play
yeah yeah all over the world did it I
could be chasing but my time would be
wasted they got nothing no you that
nothing on you nothing no you pay if
Sheila session right now acapella here
you go man just don't don't touch the
red button get thought that
it's good light wave goodbye shiraki
diva
nice explain
I think everybody's done here I'm about
to go to class give the camera what's up
here sup dude okay we're done
south on the camera word it's wrapped up
song yes word word word us the royal
penis is clean your highness Thank You
King shit
