so just got out of class it's around
four o'clock in the afternoon
and I like the true all-around
Renaissance man that I am I left class
and now I'm on my way to LA for a little
business meeting to discuss some
potential opportunities listen people
and we all we have freakin a Los Angeles
over there let me try and get a close-up
on this LA in your face to live and die
in LA traffic stuck in traffic you know
you know keeping me awake when I'm in
traffic bumping this old little John CD
right here
okay so I'm here in LA and introduce
yourself man oh man Carl catch classy
group office right here yes
this says trapping us today yeah yeah
hear me up and he was like yo we want
you to come to office talk about some
opportunities whatever I come in and he
was like hey you want some water and
then and I just want to say I don't know
I want to speak for mr. traffic but I'll
speak for myself and that is today's
very special to me yes because I've
known about this young man for quite
some time now and I think the most
interaction we ever had was on a myspace
about my baby there's an NES CD I told
him Gayle my sister loves it yeah just
of it and today is the first time we're
actually meeting mmm and I feel and I
foresee that it's just the beginning
oh yes monuments monumental day clash
clash of the two Titans Asian rapper
Titan III I talk now like like I'm an
old man cuz I think next to him I am old
man but um yo man I've really just
commend what he's doing and I know your
legions of fans and supporters
absolutely agree with what I'm saying is
keep doing what you're doing
yes sir and just stay positive man the
one thing that I definitely encourage
about you is there encourage you is to
continue to keep that positivity about
you so yeah man hey you you wanna break
breaking down walls right here you don't
stand opening doors for cats like me you
know he's saying that cameras rolling
right now oh yeah oh man definitely like
I said the main thing about this today
and you know the setup yes is that um I
hope from from my end is that is the
beginning of something definitely no
definitely the beginning and that's why
I wanted it to be such a special
beginning that's why I came in the only
way I could think of I was shocked they
hit me Maury styles I came out and said
Rafiq you are the father you know I feel
like it's so special that we have this
to document all of this know me I just
showed you the day and age that we live
in
it's the beauty of the Internet
and also uh the stuff that I actually
said to Tim when the camera wasn't on
regardless of who watches this see right
now I'm recording all this he may or may
not cut this in he may use it save it
whatever right all delete not yet he's
deleting all of it but at least I'm
gonna say is that what I said when the
camera wasn't on is that the two things
are encouraged and I told him that makes
me a fan of him is one just a positive
energy that he brings to the table
and I encourage you to keep that going
thank you sir keep that Molly about the
positive yes and two is that um yo just
that yo you guys have watched him
growing up as a young man so what I was
saying to him is just you know really
take these next you know enjoy the time
now but take this year next year in the
coming years you know it's about finding
himself and y'all here man whatever you
need appreciate it man so I told we
gonna do a joint yes if y'all want if
y'all even interested about hearing
about that we don't do it going to get a
case they're going crazy
we don't do a joint and it's just gonna
be crazy man and I say y'all was
monumental today yes it was a pleasure
this beautiful thing beautiful bring it
in No do y'all even know what I'm
talking about most of them most of them
don't I don't know what the episode
number was but like one of the first
season episode yo fine see this is what
this is my homework to give to you guys
if you don't know what cannons to the
left of them cannons to the right of em
is you need to question yourself if you
are really a fan of timothy delaghetto
i've explained it and you've explained
it before you've explained I'm sure
people like you know what the hell is
Timur that's a lie get up it has nothing
to do with it I'm telling you I've got
Lee I leave you with two parting phrases
okay then the rest of him cannons to the
right of him
yo this is Jin it was my pleasure
meeting all of you
yes and yo look out for big things from
this young man yes sir you know look out
for some semi big things from me hey you
know I'm just gonna I'm just working
hard this year that's all you know man
this this will breach Hong Kong so shout
out to all the peeps in Hong Kong I got
hole okay am I allowed to speak
Cantonese on traffics channel yeah
there's no
he's allowed on your channel no no no
Chinese but I'm speaking Cantonese yo
lady home ma'am
oh I oh you're insane nigga high traffic
lake all the whole my fuel lines I be
holding or crazy crazy china talk he
doesn't even know what I'm sayin
tell your friends tell you tell one you
Cantonese feed your pants they translate
it for you I don't have a seat okay so I
hope ya I'm sorry hello fuck oh yeah I'm
sure that like that yeah okay got you oh
my Oh sick that Rapala you're sick that
Colin Yeller just take apart yet huh
so yeah making stuff up making stuff up
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
