here's your chance get her back when she
when she keeps her ass nettles fighter
fighter yes
fight winner I think you I think you hit
a weak spot
No
okay in that fridge naked you guys are
horrible sometimes she's crazy
now you know what so I bought boxer
briefs before but brother likes feels
whoa yeah no no all my favorite shorts I
gotta back they're all doing some
Valentine's Day shopping instead of lame
ass surprises were just like hey what do
you want and I'm like and I'm like what
you want yeah does that sound like you
that your voice yeah so if you haven't
seen here the newest additions to my car
Pharaohs the name of my car but we got
Big Buddha and juicy Jesus yeah he's
like yo Christianity he's like yo
Buddhism but it's cool because they're
BFFs cuz we're the two best friends that
anybody ever had were the two best
friends that anyone ever had and were
the two best friends that anyone ever
had
and we don't like jay-z and freemasonry
Jesus right here
dancing cats evil on so he's safe even
though he is keeping us safe
gangster love Jesus is now a gangster
love the royal penis is clean your
highness
thank you King shit
