so here we are right aid chillin getting
some snacks ocbs getting some snacks in
between filming just you know fan oh
yeah we can't film because the Sun is
all in our faces so we gotta wait before
the waiting for the Sun to go down and
yeah oh we found this big old piece of
paper that we're gonna try and cover the
Sun up with and Eric's over here doing
yoga
yeah yoga flame baby nettle nettles say
what's that let him let him know who you
are nettles and let him know what you're
about nettles and who you are hell yeah
yeah she says I'm Nettles
I like to dance I like to sing and I
like to dance and fuck I'm metals right
okay so you don't like dancing huh right
now in front of everybody
Peter like caught on fire earlier to put
off nettles in heat so after a long-ass
day we finally got a scene done
I thought stop my best buy and these
dudes right here started a favorite
agreement you know y'all wanna introduce
and facility see yeah for sure for sure
I gotta take it easy hey you film it oh
yeah back lift here we go yeah so thanks
man hi people oh he was going to oh shit
what's going on who else is amazing all
over the internet it's gonna be all day
today is my mom doing some gardening
yeah oh look oh look how cute new
haircut oh yeah yeah
hmm all that ass girl party
my mom gardening just got home see my
dad's up too dad oh I guess I'm putting
the camera Oh everybody got new haircuts
haircuts for everybody yeah it's haircut
day yeah I'm gonna go shave my pubes
here with my boy William went to junior
high with his doodling since like third
grade back in a day ladies Colorado oh
no you got a chick now gotcha oh damn
ladies flow to the holiday I'm on the
secret tip no we're just you know
reminiscing catching up a little bit but
to take a couple of junior high shots
celebratory shots and you know like real
men dude take shots together without
girls
yeah I think it was a lot better to do
that try doing that what you're doing
down what you did yeah yeah try that
just just try that talk hey what's up
introduce water so my name is Javier I
think what says sympathy right now you
got to tell him how much you love my
videos Oh number-one fan right here yeah
yeah hey I hope you thanks me hate that
guys hey guys so my cousin says that a
lot of people have been called in a
restaurant lately ask you for me if I'm
here I'm here I might set up a day you
know wow that you know I'm gonna be up
here but please don't call the
restaurant unless you're actually gonna
no it's not okay it's not okay please
don't call the restaurant unless you are
gonna order some food or you know are
you gonna come give us money
I don't I know they're my fans I don't
but I know I love you guys but don't you
know you got you're tying up the phone
line you know come come by fools I'll
let you know if I'm up here when I want
to me you know I'm up here
please don't know me just hey can I talk
to right
hi dude who are you
Johan yeah Johan from the Netherlands
right yeah all right all right I got you
on the vlog right now ma'am yeah yeah
I'm serious right now I'm putting you on
the vlog right now I'm filming right now
dude Hey
I just got in from Holland and as fun as
one stone I'm a fan of it
hey thanks man I appreciate it yeah no
no no don't call anymore though I just
want to get you a line for a foot fence
yeah for survey well hey I appreciate I
appreciate you watching all the way out
on Halloween man yeah thank all right
Thank You Man hey see the problem here
dude call from Holland thanks for
watching man shouts a holler south of
Netherlands how's everybody out there
I'm trying to come out there one of
these days right yes the Royal penis is
clean your highness thank you King shit
