para la just you know doing some
business we got Sammy Davis jr. over
there I don't know if you can see I wish
you could have seen it really just like
Sammy Davis jr. made and a lot of ya
don't know who Sammy Davis jr. is but
brat pack Frank Sinatra anyways anyways
Oh over here la cuz over here la about
to meet up with a satire of the swim
team if anybody is familiar grind time
battling on all that me and we're just
gonna do some networking and get some
fun probably do a little freestyle video
probably trying to knock out a little
track kicking it with little Rick insane
blue i'ma call you bill right from now
officer in here it is La palm tree bad
bitches and wallabies Australia together
hold on give him some fuck here la great
satire taking us to his favorite first
flat and not half ancient you've not
happy not it is anything wrong with that
yeah when ppl donate my entire battle vs
to be being haha ok or not makes them
anything i'm black and italian oh word
well okay i'm not evasion to say huh so
tell me I sucks for you dog hey tell me
like I got meatballs and spaghetti right
honest tell me those jokes tell me I'm
in the mob and like as as we need to the
shopping
you know you know he's not easy guys and
I'm not black and no mercy as I'm I'm
black on the bottom my toes of black
shot make a joke like the penis joke
yeah you got it I got it agent has SAT
side here in a fat tires apartment he's
about to give me the exclusive preview
on a new track he's working on with it
shut up shop to Sam hawk yes the collab
I'm doing with Sam ah he doesn't even
know about a shit look yet but here's
how the verses go huh I make it pop
about their first version is Showtime
time to go grind right man I'm in the
coal mine mine indictments inside my
whole mind better hurry touches the x up
in no time time is everything Racing is
the cockatoo sit around women to stop
stop time is money i bet i've been for
the life husband did you finding our
native knocking splendid in space-time
in business and don't waste time extinct
you likes intended to stand the test of
time so if you like it whatever then
press your wine and go yeah singing
something R&B about time travel right on
here second push this time in a five
minute flight is a live in time in time
again tick-tock nick in my hand to the
stopwatch kickboxing with a grandfather
clock stops in a second
time management they get a perfecting
this time oh yeah yeah all the bridge
Sam I get a little slow right here time
traveling I i'm bout to hold on to me
let me let me put you on the block real
quick everybody say what's up to mr.
shot city man oh oh oh shit we live
right uh nobody's with my little blog I
do I'm about about to put your number on
on blog right now Oh may I sodala a
little three one two four nine eight
sixty to eighty nine minutes 20 photo
guy let me any phone call shot City man
not say say say well say what's up to my
people man let them know let them know
let me know you are Oh yo baby buddy
hola hola if you don't know your looks
amazing i got over is mr. shots did he
fucking with one of the rhythm and
looked out if anybody was do know me you
know i only fuck with the real that's my
boy 2 d'day like that oh it's not
fucking super famous and has a face time
to hustle still modest kept two feet on
the ground and i'll say holla holla at
me when I was a little mom fucking the
game every 100 so you know fuck the real
no fixed after David space not only is
it a big shots of the meatballs bread
I'd be baby so where you are where you
going to show us your face man Oh may I
do you know what I I would think about
the other day like if I will come back
to this is like change the whole game
and just to the videos line don't want
to they have to pull it to me to me
they're like ghetto your fan fuck around
show my face sister to finance can
girlfriend Lea good you know handle you
know you're the age they come out to LA
this plenty of finance mexican girls out
here on me oh hey look do we already met
when it is low it black dudes o kz o i
have a store before you go okay
I got it started for you my brother down
certain turn camera oh I'm here at this
guys house this guy I don't answer that
hi I'm Philip hey you guys this guy if
you don't protect wongfuproductions they
make a we like make things and make you
know whatever down here the number of
people I'm kit working on a super secret
project sky this chick no it's no high
school sucks music hey check that out
coming 2010 yeah 2,000 dead it'll be
crazy ya know this is actually I'm gonna
be funny oh no I just kidding haha here
we go are you guys ready w West Terrance
field high school baby high school sucks
the musical we all you want all these
friggin awards right here man everyone a
printer you know I'm saying we got the
fake bonsai on desk here at that pd
flows office we just had it like killer
stellar meeting bro stellar meeting with
the powers that be and you guys are
gonna get the Phoebus before you even
know it but till then you know go
subscribe to a HS s musical which has no
videos on it yet but content coming soon
promise yeah i'm working on guys he's
working on the guys if I'm lying I'm
flying and as you can see i'm still here
on the ground he don't and you're
fucking don't you keep your fingers
crossed guys cos and keep your faces
multiplied Rick playing with a sword i
got at the mall yo today yuck
miss louisiana
were you doing Rick
that
haha
the royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
