so here I am putting makeup on again for
another scene bag bag but um you know
it's all it's all it's not worth it but
uh how much you getting paid for this
game I do it as much as everybody else
so nothing
we got blush huh nice I'm blushing
because you got the camera don't be
jealous man you I mean not you man I
really gotta pee hmm oh okay that's cool
we're doing magic tricks wait does not
know I think I think I was already over
you don't think which one
take your back pocket are you crazy
that should be magic okay so I love
Blake Beasley and all but we just picked
up a new addition to the family
Blake we haven't forgot about you we're
just gonna tuck you away for a little
bit then we have this new guy right here
we got named him - all right for sure
this is um mr. Miyagi oh yeah give him a
first name Ming Miyagi yeah no no tum
tum yeah tum tum okay sometime yeah no
no I mean things better so wait we're
trying to figure out who who kony looks
like we already went through
we already went to jail in oh we already
went through Fred Flintstone do that
face again
oh the dad from Wonder Years
but young nothing
no we don't no one knows his real name
you gonna take that from both of us oh
the solder angle they were used to throw
animals in the trash the non to throw
you in a toaster so here at the studio
but to do this quick see for the musical
HSS musical youtube.com/hpsupport
pablo playing one of the main villains
here
BAM thumbnail oh yeah 1 million views
right there stopped off to get some boba
but so he's I gave him a first name its
Mason Miyagi not Mason's like jay-z and
freemasons and you know the devil and
the New World Order and all that but
just Mason like like you know Mason on
bad boy
yeah Nathan so what's up I figured I'm
about like halfway through my day I
figured I should start vlogging already
rock the PJs to school today and then I
realized hey this is kind of funny who
you know has their stations set from
hip-hop to
Frank Sinatra and then right after that
followed by showtunes baby I'm so
freakin complex so after a long day at
school
it's Monday which means time to eat with
the fam we got a chicken where we that
we either bought from stater brothers or
tosco a fish and a giant's the lad and
of course some wine and of course my dad
and of course my mom yeah sexy sexy okay
take the old lady right there no young
lady young lady go Lakers go Lakers and
oh yeah
now we're gonna eat love love thy mother
and thy father if you're gonna cuss at
them make sure it's out of love if
you're gonna slap them make sure it's
only on the forehead okay the Royal
penis is clean your highness Thank You
King shit
