so I'm here about to do this fashion
shoot photo shoot for the website
Lilliana's reading guys that's right hot
chicks read - mm-hmm and I'm so I'm so
hiked because I was getting something to
drink and it's a mini jug of Tampico
crazy right here with Alma Paris was
taking pictures yo sup yeah man
mr. jackrabbit of oh five right here
long beach following oh man I was prom
king pair my high just myspace.com /
pair so hit me up yes guess what guys
it's the first day of the spring
semester it's eight o'clock in the
morning and I have to go to class but on
the bright side I do have this dope ass
Cougars shirt on a heart see like I love
Cougars ah man first day of school and
I'm so glad it's over
I mean it wasn't that bad classes
weren't that bad freaking um they
weren't boring or anything you know I
had it probably the most annoying thing
was I was in the computer lab just now
and some chick man had the most
disgusting combination of mouth noises
going on you know like she was doing she
was eating SunChips Sun chips and not
only that she was like coughing and then
I had the hiccups or something so it was
like this is what I heard I'm chilling
I'm chilling on the computer just
chilling by myself right and I hear
what's going on over there like oh my
god oh my god
must you be so noisy when you do that
these people man gong over here at this
Chinese food Chinese food place with my
dad my mom chilling on Monday Sunday
Funday crazy crazy crowded right now
Hey look see the recession hit Asian
people too man we're not rich like you
guys think we have my dad mm-hmm see my
mom
yeah that's that says it right there we
may not be rich but we're rich in love
right see all of them my mom that's all
there is to it this is the homie Julia
went to high school with this guy
stopped by to say what's up before I
went through every blanket never ever
ever he's too busy to Hollywood for me
man all right you see that love right
there extended towards me yes sir so I'm
here at school
just waitin on my next class to start
man kind of mad cuz I forgot I picked
the nighttime class and the homey Andrew
Garcia is about to be on American Idol
tonight he's about to kill that shit rip
that shit rap for everybody making music
on YouTube and I gotta go to stupid ass
class yo finally home after a long day
of schooling and you know book learning
but to edit this video uploading this
dude Eli ghetto as we speak and then
gonna go go to sleep early probably like
1 o'clock but guess what I'm watching my
boy
and you Garcia on American Idol
yes you probably think it's got a few
vlogs here and there man and you and you
what's so proud of you dawg everybody
look at look at Katy Perry steep skating
in her little panties man whoo I got my
nipples hard man Andrew and you I know
you're watching this dog we're proud of
you you know how how do you man yes
dude everybody support the home and you
guys feel like I said on Twitter if you
support him you support me because he's
doing it for all of us man he's doing it
for everybody who's been on YouTube
grinding and trying to trying to make a
name for ourselves
no and he's doing it he's doing it for
me support Angie Garcia
vote for him when he makes it to those
voting rounds cuz you know he will and
tweet about him pound or hash tag team
Andrew Garcia it's beautiful yes the
royal penis is clean your highness Thank
You King shit
