something about this just looks so dope
to me but I don't have my camera or a
camera so I'm just gonna film it and put
on shoot to not only just look cool
nothing cool about this you know okay so
I got a random ass crazy for macaroni
and cheese with Hamburger Helper I don't
have any macaroni cheese or Hamburger
Helper so I'm gonna go to cpk to order
the kids mac and cheese with some boy in
these sauce mix inside I'm just really
in the mood man and I've been cooped up
in the house all day because it is rain
it cleared up a little bit so I'm gonna
pick up brick and we're gonna go pick up
this cbk mac and cheese and cuz i'm a
mac with cheese you know I'm saying and
Rick is beefy so uh about halfway
through that macaroni and cheese with
the meats and I'm stuffed I bought too
much food man I got some bread sticks
would be good a little side salad but
too much for me to handle
now I'm packed to capacity get fat man
I'm sorry in the gym again cuz I'm
getting fat dad here we got Rick
speaking of lean chicken is my space oh
it's not nice Rick why so fat dogs not
cool man look you guys may require you
guys made me cry okay after a super
rainy week a nigga stuck in the house we
decided to head out and hello we're at
the Grove in La Beverly Hills
his were all the celebrity shot you know
cuz I'm like you know cuz I'm like
celebrity status yeah yeah walking
around the Grove just bought a new
jacket for like really cheap dope
but Ileana Atty just super expensive
which is really lame just kidding just
kidding it was like only like ten bucks
not the first time
I decided I just walk around a little
bit you know
foodies friends you know we've friends
and girls and you have YouTube you know
you guys that's all I need that's all he
is life you know
it's like the Bellagio you don't fan
Oh
cool
isn't boring is really cool to me I'm
super enjoying this okay hey guy get out
of my sock dick ah finally the Sun is
back now this is what la is supposed to
look like yay
rain rain go away come again another day
I'm at the the opening of this giant
forever 21 hear the seagulls modest it's
huge
nigga all types of crazy design in
architecture and stuff like mad it's a
madhouse over here but uh yeah man
Donna okay I think I forgot recognizing
fans back there
is a gang and East appearance on
security pictures you people had to let
y'all know that because I wanna let you
guys know that we go high anyway and we
all look at them yeah yeah because over
here do you guys crazy crazy
I painted rock paintings all giant panty
drawers hanging from the ceiling if the
party in here forever 21 guys
like it's crazy
legacy the new boy right there got happy
birthday these guys are following me in
the mall right now it's all good okay
it's all good it's all good okay
I'm mad hungry it's not really any food
here so I'm trying to invent some shit
right now check this out check out what
I'm about to do ever is like to be
bombed
hold on get somebody's here syrup
something maple syrup drizzle some it is
here it's about to be bomb fun okay all
right we're gonna dribble some of this
syrup on here some the scissor I'll let
you guys know how this tastes right here
mmm that right there was balm mm-hmm and
by the way I just donated $10 to Haiti
by texting Haiti to nine zero nine nine
so one more thing I accidentally bought
another Blake Beasley I thought I was
gonna get different dummy but I got the
same one so hey who wants to buy a dunny
previously owned but brand-new by
timothy delaghetto links in the sidebar
on ebay so go check that out it's
freaking dope has a little stinger check
them out
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
