happy Canada Day everyone I'm here in
lovely Canadia with my Canadian Lu here
the residents for Canada celebrate just
a little bit not too festive just a
little bit it was about to be like a
really long stretch for our visits well
I can pop in for the weekend since I
didn't really have shit plans this
weekend so you know we'll visit some
unbated we do that call for July 4th and
I'll be back home for I fourth oh yeah
raining Jeffery its candidates 150th
anniversary so shout out the Canada
shout out the poutine shout out to move
up to two coffee crisps and ketchup
chips and sexy lips and sexy hips laughs
I didn't visit this trip it would have
been like I will again see you in
Toronto but would like like a fucking
five I'm going like two weeks I mean
like five lines in between oh really
so that's isn't if this one didn't
happen to him damn alright songs on
catch up on Game of Thrones because in
season premieres next week or so so I'm
just chillin with cheer and we're just
hang on oh okay so cheer finally decided
to let me see your face without makeup
domain here one preservation no makeup
bit oh my well I did Game of Thrones
chili oh you were supposed to be funny
you were just gonna show it hey good
you know if you get sick you fucking
things out
fucking MCS for me oh here we have the
Canadian tigress Oh a tiger's eye
stripes here we have the Canadian
cheetah roaming in her native town you
ought to be careful during that time of
the month smite pounce on you all right
be careful their fluffy hair means she's
she's in mating season and you see if I
get close to it a little with the worst
case the sweetness of the honey after
work I have an appointment with my laser
technician we are going to laser the
side of my face we are going to tackle
hallelujah we're going to tackle this
peach fuzz on the side of my face I hate
it I used to wax it off and that was
fine the results were good but of course
with waxing hair grows back and I just
want it gone and I want it gone forever
so I don't trust a lot of people with
lasers around my face but I do trust her
and only her so I am going to put all of
my bravery and strength into the
atmosphere so I can conquer this journey
of mine and I will show you guys
progression as we move along I'm not
sure how many treatments I'm going to
need but stay tuned and wish me luck
just got home from having my face laser
and it feels amazing and it looks
amazing I'm so happy with how my first
treatment went it will eventually do a
blog post to show you some before and
after pictures and give you my full
opinion about majoring it's expensive
but it's totally worth it in the long
run and for some of you that have a zero
pain tolerance like I do I can't handle
anything
I use this topical numbing cream you put
it on before your appointment on hour
and a half before that way you don't
actually feel the laser penetrate if you
miss a few slots with the cream you will
feel some pricks and some little pill
results an elastic rubber band kind of
hitting your skin you'll feel a couple
of those but all in all I felt basically
nothing so now I'm just ready to conquer
the world with my hairless phases so
today I am going to laser away in
Hermosa Beach for another round of laser
hair removal on my Brazilian this is my
first time being here so I don't know if
it's going to be equally more or less
painful than all of my other treatments
that I've had done elsewhere so we'll
see I have a zero pain tolerance it just
would be so nice if I could faint and
get it over with
but apparently supposed to be pain free
so we'll see but I have been told by the
laser white people that there is a high
spot that they can give you to help with
some of the pain and there's also a
topical numbing cream that they can give
you which I have used in the past on my
other location but every place is
different so I don't know what the
procedure is I'll let you know if I take
one or the other or both
Oh
say samus is to put the flag
a little TV ok let me get back to my car
and I receive you
okay so I just finished my appointment
at laseraway and I do have to say that
it was less painful than all of my other
Brazilian laser hair removal
appointments that I've had before
especially because I did not take the
numbing cream I'm so impressed with
myself I'm laying there and I'm like I
think I could do this I think I can do
this I was a real strong woman in there
so to celebrate I got myself a cinnamon
almond milk macchiato but I did take the
ice pack and even with the ice pack
there were some areas that felt like an
eighth like a really good solid eight
the majority of the area felt like a
five but another really cool thing is
their device shoots really cold air at
the same time that the laser you so with
the cold air and the ice pack it's
tolerable but it's still hurts I would
say overall it was like a seven
7.5 so how are your pubes how's your
Brazilian pelvic region Selena feeling
like it went through some torment and I
need something - no that's good
something stopped being dirty Betty in
this no I'm putting it in the Royal
penis clean your highness
thank you King shit I feel like
everyone's a little curious I think you
just kind of need to need to just kind
of open a open the door open the model
of it with the elbow yeah don't do that
I don't know I you know I think some
some girls just really may not be into
it so you just might detect that elbow I
mean you you're not gonna get everything
you want all the time you know it's
80/20 rule and most of any relationship
you don't get about any good
relationship will get about 80% of what
you want and 20% you may not get but
don't f it up because someone else got
220 you won and you need to 80 you
filming I'm not saying at all deep but
you know you got it what are you saying
is put 20% of your dick in her butthole
I said what I was saying and then the
other 80 this is great you got the right
idea
that's how you do it right there that's
dumb okay minute bro you can you stir
this up you start with the thumb if you
don't like that then you just call it a
day
