it's right it hard and cali right now
well i don't know about all the cali but
over here where i met it's raining
pretty hard I just got woken up by some
loud ass Thunder like my god has
diarrhea was up in and he's just letting
it all go right now roar i like i like
when it rains really hard sometimes oh
yeah I'm soon cuz then afterwards I just
kind of feel like it was God's Way of
washing this out I'm saying cleansiness
just you know taking a hose and spraying
us all down and we shake it all off and
sun comes out and you feel like you're
brand new again what'd I tell you man
see God just flushed out LA for a little
minute and now it's a frickin beautiful
day wet concrete snows dope sun is
shining birds are flying God washed my
brand new car for me and I'm saying it's
a beautiful thing thank you thank you
lord sometimes you gotta welcome that
rain man it's a little cleansing of the
Spirit you know um I'm here kicking it
with my home girl Joanne widow and I
went to high school with this chick
known her since I was like um vibrations
going off everywhere notice it sounds
like what 16
something like that and I were 30 so
long time yak yak now we're not so 2320
but um yeah she's Filipino guys um here
by Phaedra by OBT I know as you were
your vibrator nasty she carries one in
her vag all day okay the end we're gonna
talk about all right behind the scenes
of another of another cholo adventures
video helping out my boy Eric ego
super-ego he always has me in the same
get up and saying stereotype here okay
stereotypical character in a
stereotypical total video works insane
we got Gus brows with your last name Bob
gust Brown master Bob over here Joanne
still here kicking it baby kicking it
young man yeah get out get out of my
garage refrigerator sub dad Peter Peter
okay we're making we're making funny
video I'll see you there it is the man I
do we gonna have a cure no we love Peter
spin and we love is dead yeah hate
Peter's dead hmm this is a secret yeah
dependent filming mm-hmm he did for
without measles been out there hmm Tim
ego flow hey Timmy Joe Oh brow master my
master Bob yo I'm doing on blog TV and
apparently I promise some person named
newey Bowie a shout out that I never
gave them so shout-out sinewy Bowie it's
a good night we got about 350 something
people in here here at the restaurant
closing up ileana chillin the queen of
the restaurant
and i'm tannaz shipping on little copse
a little candy licorice straw it's how
we do cousin you tired long day hi smile
restaurant thai cry you quit right you
quit who wants to tie and lives in the
long beach area and wants to be a
waitress at ties to my restaurant let me
know please come in my cousin works too
long man huh cheese hmm youtube
yo it's one thirty in the morning right
now I just dropped off ileana we were
watching some Richard Pryor stand up and
I'm watching some girls next door
uncensored you know hey hey and i got
like crazy hungry and open my
refrigerator and I had all these
leftovers I'm about to get down crazy
had these jack-in-the-box tacos for my
two days ago gotta warm up this chicken
sandwich got this leftover ileana pasta
from cpk got some leftover hummus oh man
about to grub right now um alright oh
good night oh yeah and before I forget
once again the family is big as grupa
supporters can't do to my family's
restaurant shoutouts to Ben Choi Alec
Kim Andrew shim Brendan Kim and Tony
Sean thanks guys for stopping by
watching for three years from fullerton
came to paramount to support the
restaurant PS potty huge party you here
is the shit it sure is the shit PS love
peace skeet and cheese happy milk day
thank you guys love you appreciate you
thank you for the love Tyson on
restaurant 84 08 Alondra Boulevard
paramount California come get you some
drinks my dad said next but that's the
next time y'all come to the restaurant
ty I see there on him so uh comes up the
royal penis is clean your highness Thank
You King shit
