so we over here in Long Beach traffic is
crazy right now because um they're doing
something like parade or festival a
carnival for Martin Luther King jr.
whoever that is now I'm just playing I
have dreams too it's all love I love
that people milk they oh who do we have
here
surprise what do you think of when you
think of Martin Luther King jr. Day
Ronald McDonald of course
Ronald McDonald King jr. and Tracy
Chapman hey hey there Ronald McDonald
what are you doing here I'll wait for
the bus you know oh I'm sorry
no I'm waiting for my chauffeur to get
here oh cool I'm sorry I'm sorry I went
to that to the enemies and got
jack-in-the-box
Oh me neither it was there it must have
sprung up over little Homer ossify I
couldn't find it
thank you sir raceless
and seems musical setting up the extras
to do this thing right here you broke it
so we're trying to film these outside
scenes but we can't because all these
helicopters keep flying by getting this
like civilians a parade or festival or
whatever is going on so Martin Luther
King jr. birthday director Pedro de Flor
is what's going on man hey dumb dog when
I'm not in them I hate them so there's a
riot going on I'm not even making this
up there's a riot going on like a block
from here all right I'm leaving today on
his birthday though this is his birthday
and then we celebrated on Monday
I've birthday black Jesus Jesus is black
this is just one who's the King Junior
Day does yeah oh is that what oh damn
policemen on our motorcycle police man
over there shoot we put ourselves on the
line to entertain you people subscribe
youtube.com slash h/ss musical we got
stuff coming soon promise
before I forget I've been promising this
girl for like the last five the Vita
lovely logs that I was gonna show her
letter to Tim dear Tim oh it's a guy
never mind me my friends came to eat at
your restaurant well your parents closed
at 10:00 oh well I'll come back some
other day keep doing your thing and
please give me a shout out on your vlog
my youtube channel is youtube.com / JX
attack Youngjae thanks dog and thanks
for the penis drawing I appreciate that
man I finally showing the letter
thankful me here we are back at the gym
without you gotta be crazy yeah break
your shit chop Rikishi so there we go
there we go
come on Eric play so much I'm serious
about what I do
okay it was good Amber Rose Amber Rose
got nothing on me only I'm bringing ball
B today I will try not to thing out of
cue
whoo baby yeah you wanna see you wanna
see something double on my car
mood lighting mmm how do I feel tonight
hmm I feel bright do I feel mellow do I
feel pissed off do I feel like I'm
chillin hold on turn this light off ya
mood lighting baby oh yeah it goes to
the bottom of the the card so you can't
really see that but yeah and check out
the newest newest addition to my my car
family here this little guy right here a
lot of people collect these things like
all dunnies done nee produced by
freaking of kid robots and like you buy
the box and you don't know which one
you're gonna get so it's always like
this little gamble you know I'm saying I
got this one
I named him Blake Beasley and he's gonna
go right here hold on a second
Blakeney who is going right there and
yeah so now I'm gonna go in
send these facts clean my room probably
just you know do some laundry gets my
shit done so thank you everybody don't
forget high school sucks the musical HSS
musical youtube go subscribe
go subscribe the more subscribers we get
the more probably stuff will get up
there and sooner we will so the Royal
penis is clean your highness thank you
King shit
