yo what up heading to the confident
courthouse once again to either get an
extension or pay for traffic school
there to pay off this ticket whatever I
feel like doing man but time to pay off
this lame-ass ticket that I got a long
last time ago
maybe I'll fight it you never know what
yeah it's a beautiful day here in
Compton with the the donut there and the
palm trees there you know oh and there's
also been a lot of girls lately in the
comments asking if rick is single rick
is single his myspace is myspace.com
slash george fill-ins george fi ll i ns
twitter is ricky shucks
so hey ladies if you tryna holla go get
them
freaking I was trying to show that
confident isn't as bad as people make it
out to be and then some just got shot
well maybe maybe not you never know
she'll try to make a video pulling up to
the courthouse oh shit
like no actually gonna pop her eyes so
one time I was talking to this chick
from the Bay Area and once she found out
that Compton was right next to Paramount
she got like really excited was like oh
my god can you take me I was like yeah
yeah so took it around Compton to go to
copper swap meet bought a little compact
and then she saw a bum and then some she
saw this bum and was like oh my god can
I take a picture with the bum looks like
know check it out check out what just
came in the mail guys my dad's boarding
the new love peace ski and she goodie
yeah so yeah you get there's that panic
pop calm you know on the same you know
I'm saying
thank you my jacket yes that's right
love peace skeet and cheese hoodies have
arrived baby panic pop calm go get you
all ready perfect for winter time I also
now I'm about to just throw in some
extra footage from me when me Ilyana
with the Disneyland a couple years ago I
was gonna do a whole vlog about it but
my camera broke white we're about to go
see Mickey so here that is thanks for
watching the vlogs and new did I get all
up soon on my main channel and good
night panic pop calm oh I'm in my
drawers did you see no okay good
yeah no pants baby there you are here we
are here we are at the happiest place on
earth
Disneyland yay
here we are Disneyland everyone's taking
pictures avianna the honorary
photographer for this family over here
oh man
Disneyland now we're sitting in a car
while Desmond loose driving as if it's
been running on natural care 1950
something this guy just told me that
this guy ready
oh yeah check it out Chippendales I mean
what's their name Andale
and I'm you too don't be kicking my
girlfriend's little kid a gold chain
haha here we are at the castle about to
get on this you know one of these cars
right here
of face of pilots
frosty
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
