can I just show you guys I came
downstairs I saw like this half of
chicken fried with this bread so I'm
about to like demolish it right now
avatar style I see you brother thank you
what's up what's up what's up thank you
brother
I see you buddy Hey look at the camera
here
yeah hey buddy hey yeah
I'll take this one for dinner please sir
oh I was just kidding guys kidding this
isn't a restaurant and that wasn't funny
this is something that we started doing
a long time ago white watch Peter watch
watch guys what's up babies in the front
yeah I made it out on a party - what's
up I've been mining for 20 years now
good I got it
see that's not really my voice but what
we do is when we're at bus stops and
stuff we scream stuff like I'm the like
he looks like it's my voice do you see
what's going on here I don't think they
get it - it's funny my mom trying to
figure out how to put the chair chair
down huh
okay Oh much
so after driving around forever trying
to find parking for this uh for this
waxing I don't found it so we finally
found some parking so but to walk in
there right now and um and uh battle all
these dudes get some fucking french
toast
French cows shit right take a break
let's take some space away from the
place you stay I said right right take a
break from hey take some space away but
the place you stand I said break break
right right right
yeah you're the owner I get you looking
at me this is my shit right Sally Ryan
cut the bandage Omani guy so Zelo
Kamikaze quiet your murder story a
purgatory to Bernie glory over weeds on
master Dean locked in the brain of got
lasting key I'm back from the devil hot
tracks you need glasses knees on the top
of the trees talking to pull it a shot
for me some of them sees people in when
they go home you get the water to fridge
because my fur just get the prison on
your greens I better come toward that
done fucked your whole shit up like
Hiroshima Cogan afford to stick in the
letterbox and eat shit done Elam second
and chicken box
there's the shitty roxas thinking about
digging foxy women they like how the
fuck to the rhythm that we like holy
shit the floor we spit was both classic
and fat like mold we didn't come home
oh geez like these hang easy ones I'm on
tour to interrogate enforcement of the
barricade pepper McKesson destruction
with a Sarah Layton personal marinate on
top of the steaks
TJ's team records on what's happening
crazed up in the face girls on the dance
floor say yo urban what the T stand with
their fellow textbook time attractor us
for my time techniques and T tricks to
Tony Hawk trash buck was trying to test
the technology set it into reverse toxic
typography of trouble like treacherous
trails the torpedo taken out
twinkle-toed tattletales to take smacks
when I take tracks tricks tactics is
tiny like take text torrential like
tornadoes and twisters I transmit
transcripts from a transistor trap
tricks like toads in terrariums the
Senate top terminated totalitarian
no run run is over and everything that
room could give a damn working my arm
like you're any damn way I'm gonna
Barbie another wagon to play bingo
I'll know what you trying to prove with
somebody be like you you a shit man yo I
don't know what you trying to prove with
somebody been lying to you ayo your girl
will tickle the dill pickle and snow
filled circles that are giving her son
like ailment thought she be on for an
ass like it's wild all through Matthew
so unlike I think different just like a
Macintosh 9 righty rapper kind of like
Ashley wrong I try to clown though
that's that dump BAM whoa I got the
fucking brown noser role in the zigzag
MCS get bitch-slapped would not
understanding my sins action yeah gets
whacked you dip MC like Big Mac and pop
oh that's how easy know if she's got
that measly flow like a termite I burned
mics that hurts fines when I pulled it
out you're full of fucking wack shit I
smacked him you know I got the fucking
jams when I've got a six-pack Oh working
out what a must say you know I'm kind of
drunk and don't really matter I can
freestyle for like nine months got Natha
a long time make the fucking song rhyme
go back home
and our like to rap I'm under pressure
under the dress and like okay
Yahoo bang I got fuckin annoying voice
like pressure like I think how to win a
Grammy cuz I'm not I'm like dorks it I
see you focus for more more vlogs then
fucking see more counts I'll put my dick
and I made it cuz I'm making a bundt
cake you didn't put take you didn't take
my blog I somebody find one I take it
yeah yeah blood taking you and I serve
him see like a Sunday rearrange a bones
like this is motherfucking Fung Shui
yeah I'm rocking the runaway Top Model a
coke bottle and I'm sipping it ripping
them I'm making a pilgrimage this is so
intimate oh we got cinnamon make a
motherfucking recipe that's on a challah
a sumbitch with a belly ring Moscow have
so much fuckin flavor like a jellybean
smelly thing you know what I mean I
ain't Chinese i mu x 3 y me why the fuck
you person you with the sickness versus
i'm person yeah when spit it us fuck man
I'm a motherfucking worse yeah
Bob doll the city got you ice nice I'm
taller than your knees and I'm fuckin
are you like a pair of beans and I hope
you're allergic to bumble cuz I came
here to Roble and I ain't Hulk Hogan
I'm just half Hogan cuz I'm a fat man
and I want to get a cat scan cuz I think
I got a brain tumor I got a fucking lame
rumor it's about my pig and it was in
Paris Hilton's Clinton last summer I
know I ran away with my Land Rover go
Maggie
motherfucking rumor I'm like a Korean
dad I'll beat you with a large ruler
fucking top of the roof like a
sharpshooter fuck up your heart like
number ones that Carl's jr. yeah yeah
that's a superstar was hard I speak
fucking through it more ocean or river
yeah box Lawson Street with the Saints
Lhasa Street ah
Hollywood look like Dawson's Creek hey
topping me
a freestyle spot Anasazi freezing my
philosophy soccer TV stopping me do I
have you my boy a motherfucking ' oh god
damn them
that's what I said down damn flower like
Rambo do this with my hands
whoa oh my god oh my god shit turn today
oh wax herbal tea so Wang cause he lies
but at least you got a carpet guy Morgan
Jenkins
Morgan's in Yemen there's only one guy
named for today
Morgan Jake you sound like a runaway
today brothers I mean the brother a man
and a brother no I mean my brother my
brother from yes no one way I'm sure
here at the waxes so you don't stand oh
yeah of course can't forget no got it
guys that's a wrap sometime food except
I'm Tim stunts oh yes great to shake it
yo yo sound like a Pokemon yeah but um
let's do cameras on cameras it's crazy
he's got drunk and had crazy origin the
parking lot so does crazy not Jim I just
spotted everyone here
yeah man every single one it was a name
face Nick oh you know what's up Timothy
DeLaGhetto miss fast and the other
beautiful fans just me uncle shit
I mean our mother so late night Uncle
Sam party you're just getting films
cannot support them found it and Timothy
sexiest fun I thought that was kept
jambalaya on whatever crazy
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you
King shit
