mommy please just
poopy judgy oh that's good
yo it's Christmas Eve day and I gotta
take something to the restaurant cuz
they ran out and I don't feel like
getting dressed so I'm just rockin the
onesies like I do what's funny about
this one is I'm not even trying to be
funny
I just really didn't feel like getting
dressed and I don't have my car so hey
let's just walk to the restaurant I'm
really not trippin you know because
that's just how I do you know people you
gotta learn to not care New Year's
resolutions for kids out there stop
caring so much about what other people
think you know it'll free your whole
everything up you won't worry about
having to look a certain way or having
to be a certain way just do what you do
man stop giving a half Merry Christmas
everybody say Merry Christmas man hey
guys hey so it's Christmas and since she
doesn't celebrate Christmas on Christmas
Oh
we're chilling my parents want to go get
drunk with their drunk Asian friends so
we're just chilling and we're gonna go
grab some some food I'm gonna get some
Denny's she's gonna get some Chinese
food and then I mean I'm gonna get some
Mexican food she's gonna get some
Chinese food and then we're gonna bring
it back to we're going to come back and
watch The Hangover because I bought it
undie VD and that's over a good plan and
that's what we're gonna do whoo happy
birthday Jesus happy birthday Jesus
see my next one I don't know it right
now so we're chill in a quiet Christmas
Eve watching anchorman eating some
chicken wings chicken wing eating giant
nerds
get a good angle yeah okay sad again pep
second just like you said it like real
natural these are weird yeah nice nice I
don't have seen those before I've even
before I've eaten them before their
nerves guys they're but they're big
giant nerves
they're like chewy I'm here at Denny's
on Christmas Eve with the day Ileana
Yana her Christmas Day bro Christmas Day
night it's the night of Christmas Day
and uh had a little appreciation here
with Peter pity flow and a chick Carla
hello we're having a Christmas party our
families are finding this on business so
I'd like to go Kaiser in Mexico mines
are in there all partying sleep tomorrow
to take it my mom's my his dad's doing a
shot off my mom's stomach right now
scary party party panel man yeah party
photos with my mouth Markus paddle calm
thank you for everybody party paddle
that provided you with a present for my
friends here
it's crazy okay
Team Jacob Team Jacob baby yeah video me
Team Jacob more than anything you got me
free man
yeah for being so tight with my radio
your time Jacob I'm I'm not a surprise
birthday party the Royal penis is clean
your highness Thank You King shit
