ran into some supporters here at the
small so I think it's all good it's do
it like that it's special effects man
here at Nordstrom's - Julianna it's way
easier by Christmas present for somebody
when I'm when they're there with you
wait you hear but excited to pick
something up for myself - yeah I like
these
coach baby with the fur boots with the
fur rock - and public jeans and the
boots with the floor that's how I roll
which it's crazy over here at
Nordstrom's it's pandemonium how them
yeah you like your shoes like I see okay
good I like mine better
so guys I've officially gone Hollywood
because I'm eating mahi-mahi fish with
asparagus and what am i drinking what am
I sitting on you guessed it
wine Timothy DeLaGhetto has officially
sold out and it's Hollywood right babe
while you're chewing oh yeah let them
see you - that's sexy
let them see let them see stop being
Holly stop being boozy and let them see
you chew we're real we are a real couple
see Hollywood then hollywoo Lee I'm
gonna do it's hurtful guys
okay so it's um it's basically Christmas
Eve with okay it's Christmas Eve and I
decided to give a lien on her first
present right now while we're kicking it
so here you go back turn around okay now
read what it says yeah let's either do
it better
Chicano style baby and I was like I was
like yeah I was like this is funny now
you imagine me and Rick walk into a
store called Chicano style and we're
cracking up at all the t-shirts and I
was like yeah dude this was funny
because my girlfriend doesn't like
rocking stuff like that and he was like
the guy goes and she's not real Mexican
I was like so you have a Merry Christmas
here first president I want you to wear
that every day okay what's up so it's
Christmas Eve and I'm about to go to a
Yanis house for dinner since you know
she's Mexican and you know most Mexicans
and Hispanic families celebrate on
Christmas Eve they open presents
Christmas Eve so I'm going to her house
right now gotta do some last-minute
present wrapping as I watched Eric's
v-log or behavior and I'm doing my doing
wrapping these presents or whatever you
know it's lame guys about you know hey
you know I you know yeah we've been
together for like three years now
and you know what what is kind of lame
okay hey relationships are great but
after three years I I gotta get her
whole family presents you know Fran is
like at first she was like man whatever
you know it's cool I'll get her friends
in they don't know me like that they
don't really care about me whatever
whatever now after three years I gotta
get all impressed
I mean haze
it's beautiful it's great hey the spirit
of giving and all that but damn y'all
I'm back from Ariana's house and as I
said earlier she's Mexican so they
opened the presents Christmas Eve and I
check out what she got me guys
fam got me it's a ninja turtle Snuggie
hell yeah hell yeah you're not ready and
since everyone's gonna be asking where
you get this from me at this from Hot
Topic they might be sold out though
there's a Leonardo Snuggie son you know
you know she also got me I also got like
a bag full of candy from her sister and
freakin oh yeah and these pajama pants I
got on right now he's pajama pants
and what oh yeah and these bands right
here
she got me these vans in Toronto know
which are really dope actually because I
just needed some great shoes to wear so
yes she got me some fans right here
which are like you know I'm saying I'm
on my grown man shit now you know so
yeah oh now it's time to clean my room
as always I rock onesies is uploaded if
you guys want to go watch that it's my
hit I think I put a lot of work into
that I'm just really proud of it so go
check that out
happy quit Oh actually yo oh damn it's
Christmas everybody doesn't like
Christmas Merry Christmas and and I
happy I'll be talking to you before that
but Merry Christmas everybody have a
safe Christmas don't drink too much
spiked eggnog
you know I Love You Man above all above
presents and above materialistic things
be glad that you are you have people
family friends embrace them love them
because the greatest gift of all time is
each other the Royal penis is clean your
highness thank you change it
