wassup y'all street in the afternoon and
I'm finally stepping out of the house
it's a beautiful day as you can see by
the sunny blue skies and palm trees like
we do here in cali um about to eat this
giant apple and then go turn in the
sting phone in my classes and then take
a final so I yeah and I realized I have
a giant pimple on my chin no need to
point that out in the comments guys I
know ok so I only have a little bit of
time before my final so we bought some
sushi real quick and we're eating in the
car and the reason why we're not eating
it in the in the store is because we
have them we have a coupon so like it
only works if we like got it to go or
else we'd have to pay more money don't
ask but just know that we're getting
sushi in the car and it's a funny kind
of funny hilarious now don't you hate
when bike people just act like they can
be all up in the road with the car
people look you guys have your separate
lanes stay in your lane white guy is
that a guy's holding stay you're lying
Lane bike nigger with Paris sucks sucks
i standing on their bike collisions I
think it's a girl white girl girl girl
fight girl
is it dude
so we're at the studio and we were even
here since time 33 33 15 something like
that and it's around midnight right now
and now it's like six but we were
supposed to be auditioning ladies sexy
ladies to come run around for a musical
number involving Rick on Sunday huh yeah
film is asshole me because Oh for Rick's
character yeah well your cuz i wanted
with the camera on you know stupid to
now we they didn't come thank you anyway
don't worry I'm you see the numbers and
what the letters represent so we filmed
we're trying to audition ladies today
for a scene with the one on Sunday but
nobody showed up on the blacklist so
yeah I know it's so dope and it's a we
need to just a lot of sexy ladies for
the scene on Sunday to be running around
and you know like doing stuff fuck but
no I showed up wut rip oh yeah you like
yeah I don't you fuck yeah I don't like
you rig that's far foul q she recorded
do oh I'm trying to stop by the number
right now i'll make it my number what
number should be google number yeah hey
I'll sign off one of those you gotta be
invited i'll write you 100 tight so
party people it is friday and let's see
got my tiny toons shirt on and we're
heading to school to turn this this
thing in and then i'm done with like the
whole semester and then we can party and
go crazy and have orgies right right dad
orgies get outta here so uh after we
turn this in gonna try and do some
Christmas shopping and then head into
the studio to audition some more girls
if they show up which they probably
won't ok ok right dad yeah yeah
hey what's up hey what's up granny
people fans the cerritos mall yeah yeah
tell tell everybody how much you love my
videos yeah yeah oh yeah yeah yeah yeah
I paint them I'll pay them to say that
all right thank you thank you thank you
thank you so look guys um as you can see
we have a calendar here where you can
erase dry you raised to the days for
every month so you can use it throughout
the whole year you know but somebody
went and wrote it in permanent marker
with a derek was it Rick good to me no
it was this guy grows grows that guy but
I we've been here all day auditioning
different girls and we actually had
girls come today which was very very
very very cool for the scene on home on
a Sunday that we're doing and down whoa
oh my god I think that's like super
poisonous
for me he's gonna bite me give me
superpowers oh my god that's scary okay
I'm gonna kill it you'll make it there
yeah careful oh you wait aside this shit
yeah where is he dams in there I see yet
you do the link knows his web doing I'm
Johnny I'm trying to get away about
where did it come from oh man
Oh bitch who's my baby yeah Oh scary
kids my god hmm the royal penis is clean
your highness Thank You King shit
