kinda romance rah rah rah rah rah rah
rah rah so I'm not gonna be doing daily
vlogs anymore more like a whenever we
kind of like a few days yeah whenever
things are interesting so it's not like
boring you know and you have fo no time
right now we're getting some dim sum
with my family if you don't know what
Jim sum is you sit there and little
Asian ladies walk around with these
little parts with food and then you tell
them what you want and then they put the
food on the table like this later
English Bo Cape eat vegetables kids stay
stay drugs staying drugs don't do school
I mean so like I was saying in there I
don't know if you heard me I'm not gonna
be doing daily everyday blogs anymore
just because I feel like when there was
nothing going on I was forcing things to
happen so now I'm just yeah you know I'm
saying that hi mom
so now I'm just gonna be um filming
through a couple days if something
interesting happens you know I'll have
stuff to put in the videos and then when
I have enough really show you you feel
like it yeah if we feel like it okay so
that I don't feel forced to be
entertaining you know so it's all every
probably like you know every few days
blogs now okay okay
love you oh my mom and dad just set up
some Christmas lights my dad getting
hurt over there she wants me to show you
what the house looks like my dad hates
Christmas
chestnuts roasting on an open fire Jack
Frost nipping at your nose
yay Christmas although it's been said
many times many ways America with a mess
watch out guys my dad has a hammer and
he's drunk
so careful watch out mom
watch out just out running that mouth
better stop running that mouth mom's
crazy the restaurant my mom cooking up
some villains for dinner
Iron Chef right here yeah yeah not dog
much I'm all right
yeah he has his dog damn it's our secret
a small restaurant dog all day
once again my mother has cooked a beat
it beats with a family a feast for the
eyes myself I came her body and his body
put together his sperm her eggs coming
together to make me and I she cooks this
to feed me it's a beautiful thing it's a
beautiful thing right mom right yeah
yeah right am i dumb I see my dog dog
dog man right man malli
exactly but I'm cuter so I'm here
studying for my final tomorrow and it's
hard to check my myspace and there's
been this chick I'm not gonna put her on
blast but I get this message saying hey
I just want to let you know I don't like
the way you talk shit or to people
sometimes it's kind of fucked up and
shallow that you said you only do what
you do for the money it's unbelievable
you can be that low to admit that so
we've been messaging back and forth
she's gonna say I'm messed up for saying
in that one blog look at that big-ass
fire hydrant oh no that's just a fat ass
lady it's like Hello these are jokes do
you get offended when Katt Williams is
up there talking shit about people you
get offended when stuff happens in
movies where they making fun of people
you can see that lady's face I'm making
a joke because that's what I do I'm a
comedian okay
and how you gonna tell me don't be mad
at me when I say I'm trying to make
money off the videos I'm not saying I do
this only for video for money you know
I'm saying if I can get money off of it
that's great and I do so that's dope of
course I want to capitalize on my
situation this is my job I don't work
YouTube is my livelihood this is where I
get my money you know I'm saying I'm
living off this so don't call me a
sellout or don't call me unbelievably
low for talking about I'm trying to make
money you know so we've been going back
and forth I'm not gonna put her on blast
but ah man I don't and I was telling her
in the message like I don't care when
people are racist towards me I don't
care when people you know call me a fag
I just cannot stand when people speak
out of ignorance like and they swear
like they know me and check this out
check this out in the in the message
she's even gonna say I didn't see the
videos but my friend told me about it
like okay I hate when people act like
they know and they don't these videos
you see is five minutes out of my life
don't act like you know me you don't
know me but everybody else I love you
guys the Royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
