okay so I'm going to Disneyland with
some of my favorite people we're we are
head home I ready to do was like hey man
I'm Tim I met you in Australia I know
this guy
I don't got you on tattoo yeah hell yeah
bro thank you Miss Audrey
okay so I had to leave Disneyland early
because I got some friends from our
channel from Texas and I said I would
turn up with them a bit at the day party
so now I'm on my way to Hollywood from
Anaheim to me a good hour to get here
turn them at this day party for a little
bit and then actually I'm going straight
from the day party to the airport to be
in New York for one day to shoot some
wild and out promo and then I fly back
on Tuesday this you going wrong and I'm
off stage I don't need to go home
because I'm already all packed from
VidCon so good to go you know I'm saying
I got some new underwear from Calvin
Klein we good to go
yeah
haha
okay now a left red cup and now I'm
going to the airport because I have a
flight to catch in about an hour
and then Sunday eventful day
Disneyland Club Airport I hope they got
a shower somewhere this Airport because
I need to shower before long as like
imagine the funk like the mushroom
didn't end the bus in the club and in a
six hour flight in new same clothes and
he's tight-ass jeans
oh good morning New York City I just got
off the plane at 6 a.m.
except um we'll shoot until 9 a.m. and
the hotel room isn't ready to like 3
p.m. so I'll be at the gym at the hotel
shit and showering because I went from
sway has Disney to sweaty ass club to
pay airport to a six hour flight and I
am big and I still smell good
buy some our New York shooting some
things at the complex offices with these
hooligans right here yeah yeah yeah we
looking for Joe buns man just fucked up
to do to our patented we go shut rooinek
Grimm I need your buzz they want to find
out that amigos got over them flowers on
you know it
sure sure two blouses right you know
what it is divert and blow Giada got
into a tickle fight last night I say I
say Joe but until amigos cook me ghost
they say with them chinks on their
tracks laughing Joe Budden's a dead as
well work that's what it is anyhow it is
no fun that is what that's right I'm
going to secure your therefore going
back that way
you'll never guess who I ran into
boy Wayne Brady mm-hmm how much rather
stopping from Christie me and our like
making can we get first each other as a
soldier of appreciation and love I knew
that night when I was like to upgrade
the first class or like the universe
telling me to upgrade the personalized
no and now we're here and we're going to
do like 20 amazing kids together
Google it gonna it's gonna be deal I get
or going to have this magnitude okay
we're never shoot official anymore I
will fix it for me or Zoe there yeah so
I just got the play from New York I left
my Lee at the airport because I got to
go straight from here to set to shoot
some more going raw I haven't been home
since VidCon but so when you say month
fucking skinny jeans look like or like
Dave that it's okay though I don't get
dirty
I get Ashley so you know it's a bunch of
ash in there I'm a little itchy but it's
okay we got to get this money so here's
a little life hack for you guys I do
this pretty often when I'm out in LA all
day and I'm just you know I got to go to
other shit at night I go to 24-hour
fitness just to shower like I look up
what's the nearest 24-hour fitness just
now I got the plain of the 24 hour
fitness a few miles away so I'm about to
go poo and shower and then go to set
because I hate feeling like I got funky
balls and but I used to always make sure
I have fresh balls and but because I
felt like you never know when a girl
might want to suck your dick when you
had to talk about with something like
that and now it's just a habit you know
I'm saying I need my my dick and balls
and and Gooch and butthole to feel fresh
at all times I need it and I know a lot
of y'all will say Tim use use some wet
wipes but I just I need to be completely
fresh man wet wipes are okay for the
time being but if I can shower I will
shower okay that's the key to success
keep your dick and button Gooch and
balls clean 24/7 all right guys
finally did it you guys are asking me to
cut off the man button for the longest
time well the guys have anyways the
girls like the man bun but I finally cut
it off man which I think grow now I'm
going to you know now I can play I can
play a what's the name of the ball dude
from Dragon Ball with dots
Krillin now I can play Crillon now I can
play avatar slit baby hey LeBron so I
was walking up to Rick I was locking up
with my hair flowing like it is and what
did you guys look like Rick the my
wrestlers I never wanted to give me a
couple years though
give me a couple years give me a
thousand Beckett ha ha ha Xbox so I'm
over here this off there's a journalist
I'm a secrecy we love the starfish oh
come on baby what are you doing what is
it ha ha ha ha
we're about to put the show I need
everybody taking seat
here in the mantilla
my boy James David one open while an
audience marinus though we're poppin
something so I need everyone in same
thing to be
oh yes you saw Tommy Mitchell Schaller
today's it
little premiere of it right now any
super no I'm supposed to be in this seat
he told me he was going to give me a
part but whatever we going to talk about
that later something mighty rarity makes
northpia Death Row Records baby I'm not
going to test get started Chris Matthews
mark IC re Justin Rachel we use it we in
there fish because enjoy talking golf
club was birthday we used to golf when I
was little kid has been a minute so now
I'm trying to see what club would work
for me they got the results as simulator
here well practice strength oh boy mom
for Mary oh it's been a long time right
Oh
no it is not somehow okay enough
rhondella no no no yo I got the commas
are going too slow on there one fucking
expert on assistance and how that attack
would and making baby cheat on my wife
and wrecked my car
wait so it's my dad but they were about
to go to dinner I got you a surprise
okay no okay
open the trunk open the trunk the trunk
there's a young girl in there yeah that
one's one for me and one for you
yeah there you directing the pop a
balloon called a whoopsie whoopsie and
gamma give me the ball coach Tim bog Tim
ball course we know I told the guy like
you know he's a little is getting a
little old so they got the the graphite
the graphite clubs aren't as a hard on
the UM you know missing hat Pacific
we're here in Long Beach getting some
dinner get some seafood for my prompt
birthday happy birthday
like you enough okay yeah
u.s. 55 if you got you to be 66 the
Royal penis is clean your highness Thank
You King shit
