so it's a rainy gloomy day in California
and I still don't have my car so we're
driving around the baby blue Hyundai
Accent that belongs to this cutie pie
hi so yeah man I'm gonna go to the bank
get some money because I'm balling
not really hey buddy oh okay I know what
I want for Christmas give me one of
these
check it out
roofie oh you are the pan you are the
pan so we're here at another dealership
checking out some more Fords and whatnot
on a rainy rainy day but it's all good
Halon yes silly are you guys getting
sick of my daily vlogs or I don't know
cuz I'll stop doing them if you can't
figure them cuz I mean if you guys
aren't liking the daily vlogs any more
let me know and I'll stop doing because
I mean I thought you guys wanted to see
this but if you're getting bored I mean
I'll stop what do you think she hates
them
Rick hates them she hates them my
parents are starting to hate them huh
the vs. o vs. are we on I'm thinking
about starting a new channel called Rick
not a new channel but a new segment
called Rick versus Ariana where they
compete yeah I'm gonna do that would you
guys be interested in that comment
comment below if you'd be interested in
watching that stopping by the house my
restaurant my family's restaurant eight
408 Alondra Boulevard Paramount
California if you want to come through
mom dad are eating over there stop by
different food
what so we're gonna film some stuff
right now and poison songs but we're
waiting for at the studio and we're here
legal oh sorry go Peter Peter setting up
with art you guys know art but that's
art we're about to do this little
commercial for this contest I'm supposed
to be like a scientist knock you out
he's on the couch get him back this Oh
Oh air kick good job baby look guys
guess what Ricky's guys leave your
comments leave your guesses in the
comments below
oh not uh teapot leave your guesses in
the comments below forgive me so I can
do the best of like
here doing stuff to do yeah I was like a
booger nose like you know save him the
embarrassment no but I think I think I
have to pretend I don't see the camera I
think if I would have seen a girl with a
dress tucked into her skirt then we
wouldn't have told you know the person
supremum so fucked up the royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
