what it is Liz um so right now I'm going
to pick up Rick because last night I was
going through my videos and I was like
man it's time I put up a new video on my
main channel so I was like man what
should i do what should i do and i like
four o'clock in the morning i was laying
in bed and I got a dope idea for for a
hilarious video so right now I'm picking
up brick and we're gonna head to the
Compton golf course and we're gonna do
this video real quick and it's gotta be
so funny oh my god ok alright so here we
are Compton golf course but to do this
video real quick but uh got to find a
tiger wood shirt for Rick because like
the one I brought before wasn't big
enough bet that's rude so get this I was
trying to find tackle with shirt for
Rick um and oh yeah I already told you
that part but so I went into the golf
store thinking they would have a shirt
for Rick there were two shirts hanging
on the rack and it said $35 they were
wrapped in plastic I walked in and the
man was like what all say for sale was
like okay all right so we had to go back
in a gets litter best for Rick because
the shirt uh pop for him which was my
action we've made him look jiggly Hey
and we don't want wriggling and jiggling
its earlier jr. than usual so but now
we're good to go after the golf course
i'm at elements for a student project or
something any trips hoping you won't but
he might pick it up ileana right now um
we're gonna go get some food before my
class and all that stuff so going to the
car dealership now with the wife and the
kids to go check out some some
potentials at before dealership because
I got a little hook up but they're gonna
hook it up with eventually hopefully so
uh well let's go man so here we are at
the dealership but check out some of
these cars
that I might check out maybe I'll get
one of these right here the hearse got
the parents in the background so we're
either looking at this here fusion or
this here Mustang nope it's my car dad
huh no I want to bug my mom once we get
a bug it up Jay oh man all right guys I
finally made my decision we're going
with the XLT f-150 pickup truck what do
you think then huh yeah hell yeah that's
what it's all about baby put those tires
as high as it taller than me
guess what time it is it's class time
time for the class um yeah a lot of you
may notice that I go to class pretty
late that's because I can't wake up
early I scheduled all my classes to be
like my earliest class is like one
o'clock in the afternoon so um this is
why I'm always up here to the late hours
of the night let's see what this person
does right now let's see if they put the
camera in their face what they do damn
it nobody well maybe we can get home
maybe we can get them when we when we go
down let's see if somebody opens up the
door I guess freak dude you guys ready
okay here we go here we go let's see
what they do right bra gotcha bitch
nobody so I'm walking back to my car
after class and there was this girl who
was walking beside me and she just
recently she just randomly started
running I don't know if she could wait
on there I don't you can say you can't
fear but she just randomly started
running now either she's really cold and
just is really trying to get to her car
well she thinks I was gonna rape her but
I didn't even say house in the vapor I
didn't make the rape joke so I don't
know why she would think that no I got a
right do I have a rape place I don't
have a rape face maybe cuz i got these
weight gloves on so this is one of my
favorite ex-employees amanda from cpk
just came to get a salad and see why
she's sporting the new black but none
Todd was working out for you do you love
them you love them yeah they're not that
bad they're not that bad you too I mean
a cpk sorry I'm sorry I'm late you guys
they're okay they're all right okay can
I just get a one spicy leg and one spicy
breast please okay let me check okay
I know I know I'm getting a salad from
cpk within I drove by churches and I
just really wanted a chicken so we're
gonna do some singing in a family today
I'm feeling a book mm-hmm this chicken
is calling me right now and you know
what it's saying it's saying Tim come
eat me please eat me eat me that's what
she said you know I'm saying you know
man that's what she said when she was
laying on the bed with her vagina out
you know you know what I'm talking about
if you get what i'm alluding to there
you know the saying if you get my my
little uh little uh what do you call
them shit okay yo it must be my lucky
day because they gave me a free biscuit
baby yeah that's right i ordered two
pieces of chicken and i got a free
biscuit oh man see the Lord the Lord
works little tiny miracles every day man
you just got to be like you know aware
of it you know I'm saying thank you
Jesus kind of show you guys something
this is all that's left of my chicken
real talk a lot of you a lot of you kids
or not I eat chicken man you got you got
meat still at the end of the bone and
gentle this is how chicken bones should
look and I haven't even I'm still in my
car what's good the royal penis is clean
your highness thank you king shit
