look guys it's raining it's raining
everyone loves it when it's raining oh
yeah you wonder why like this is what
how I make hits man brainstorming that
dope shit like that
raining time to go to state your
brothers
cuz I gotta run some errands and pick up
some things stay your brothers it's
raining it's pouring cats and dogs mmm
cats and dogs but right now I'm going to
going to Staples
I'm going to Staples cuz I don't have
Tampa for me printer need some payback
for me printer black local movie I just
bought from Staples homie American
History X dope ass movie I recommend you
seeing it if you've never seen it before
dope ass movie expect to be sad though
but dope ass movie nonetheless yeah you
know come to think of it who got who got
a DVD collection as complex from
American History X to Harold & Kumar to
nacho libre - uh-uh forget it trapped in
the closet trapped in the closet
episodes 1 through 12 baby that's just
hilarious man don't judge me
don't judge me what else do I have here
up Blazing Saddles classic classic
comedy right there got a hot rod another
slot of people slept on this man hot rod
was probably one of the funniest movies
I've ever seen though also airplane
slash top secrets more classics that UK
just don't know about man I just don't
know about that classic stuff you know
anyways I was trying to show you Being
John Malkovich which is also one of my
favorite movies of all time but I don't
where I put it so never mind here's my
mom trying to open up a bottle of wine
okay so here we are once again at school
filming again because we shit but you
know we don't stop
hardcore grinding as you can see it's
almost nine o'clock what's a funny dude
so yeah putting in work putting in work
we've been here for a bit here oh great
great so we don't have one good take
yeah yeah yeah
and I get out of class because without
real students coming in to use classes
who feel me ha ha filming and my camera
wins my camera wins so here we are not
trying to cause a scene filming with
this undercover game got my face with
your giant camera trying to
inconspicuous over here while we shoot
while Eric and Gabi dance
Oh scandalous scandalous while these
dudes over here you guys see those dudes
watching back then look these guys guys
look at these guys
these guys over here watching
so that was a cool day you know you know
add some shit did some shit yeah I'm
saying got some stuff done you know I'm
saying filling some stuff and I'm saying
ate some stuff yeah yeah the Royal penis
is clean your highness Thank You King
shit
