good morning party people it is a very
very cold day in Cali it's colder than
it's ever been all year really it's
freaking cold and I'm heading to the set
of high school sucks the musical right
now because we have to reshoot some
things for some scenes we already did
which is gonna suck because it's very
cold and I'm gonna be wearing shorts and
we're gonna be outside all day so
hopefully we can do this quick
picking a brick picking up Ilyana and
then to the shoot what I'm know cuz it's
cold because adjust ourselves because
that sounds like some sounds like your
your penis
like you gotta make sure it's going the
right sometimes are like because because
we transfer and girls on when we do that
it's like right there what's on your
feet it's like sticks to your balls
sometimes it like your penis like six
your balls like like weight like when
you like sit on leather like it's like
that yeah you have to adjust what no
does it hurt no shout out to his
homegirl blondie in Canada what's up
thanks for watching yeah you're sexy and
I want to do you
yeah we'll tell him we're telling her
homegirl Pondy that bondi Wang Canada
represent represent Canada mad love the
Canada I go out there one day as well
reputable got one thing was going on
right now man Wow so we're waiting on
Tim because he forgot and this pinecone
on eBay better than one talk like I will
forget we took it to the next level we
got Zootopia you know everybody signing
this - all right here where there's
little tiny signatures everywhere we're
gonna sell it on eBay starting price
$500 fancy bag a santa came always must
rally to be in his movie it's cold
yes yes
oh oh you want to picture this so it's a
breathing right now it's like really
really cold
everybody winter we're cold shivering
mad cold we don't care about you now
hoping this it goes big all right sub
record let's do this
I didn't I didn't used to like it
so we're here second Street Long Beach
that is a quaint little Italian spot
with the calls and then we're gonna go
watch brothers comedy so here I am
pumping gas but the difference is I'm
not pumping gas into my Ford Fiesta I'm
pumping gas into a forerunner and the
difference is I'm paying for gas this
time yeah for six months seven months
I'd free gas free gas and now I'm back
to paying for gas so um it's really cold
outside so we're not gonna go out to
brothers anymore we're just gonna put on
a DVD and chill and cuddle or something
yeah I wanna check this out Oh where's
the toilet paper where you go Oh check
it out hey babe you're gonna roll you're
gonna roll the Royal penis is clean your
highness thank you King shit
