good morning my lovely lovely tubers we
have a jam-packed action filled day
today many many errands we have to run
and I promise after today I'll be back
on widescreen because I I'm trading my
little purple Webbie to pd flow cuz PD
flow has the the HD widescreen flip so
we're trading cameras and then I will be
back why it's green status bumping it
right now because I'm about to go like
recycle reduce reuse and close the loop
got some dirty vans on but they look
like sneakers and I got some sway
tential ok ok now I finally got my day
on the move as you can see I'm no longer
in the Fiesta I am in my dad's 4runner
and a lot of you guys are confused as to
what's going on because you're not
subscribed to my main account and if
some of you are subscribed domain
account and you just don't pay attention
so what happened was Ford had this thing
called the Fiesta Movement where we
drove around there only internationally
released fiestas for six months and we
had to do these monthly missions that
was the Fiesta Movement ok the six
months is up now so I am no longer
driving that car had to give it back
yesterday and here's the thing i had a
car before that it was a little 94
Corolla and i still have that car but it
failed via the smog test and i really
don't feel like maintaining that car
anymore here we are doing this
self-serve recycling thing as you can
see we got a little bit of cans here but
wait but wait there's more so this is
what we gotta recycle right now and
here's the thing we go to the little we
go to these little things well you put
in one at a time because you get more
money for your kin or whatever but it's
a very long and arduous process and we
have a shitload of cans yeah seriously
it's a it's mind bottling its mind
bottling
I mean we do what we can you know I'm
saying but sometimes our dreams are
crushed you feel me okay see this is all
of us right here this whole pile but we
gotta wait for this to get hits it
straight we got like he said to wait
half an hour which is annoying and we
got everybody else on the other line
waiting huh should be the ugly over
there on the other line oh you got us
little cute and I'm like yeah after I
don't have takers Rick um I'm probably
i'm thinking like a couple hours at
least of recycling got some paper son
yeah
yeah haha suckers you wish you had cans
like us you wish you had hands like us
oh and just in case you're curious we
made seventy dollars recycling recycle
reduce close the loop make that paper
and not even go to strip club just
kidding just kidding recycle these hoes
so here as you can see this is the light
thing at the LACMA los angeles county
museum of art hidden up here right now
because I'm have a paper i have to write
got some stuff I got to do last minute
but I'm the last minute king it's okay
though I'm gonna ask me to King
does this look like I have a whole bunch
of ideas
No
that's pretty dope right
check that out it's either artistic or
it looks like you're in a really fancy
lamb section home depot all right here i
am at the LACMA los angeles county
museum of art just checking out some
paintings last minute because i have to
write a term paper about a painting here
that a old picasso during blue period
got some other paintings here that i
don't know but uh yeah man in case you
didn't know i am an art student and down
it's a comin around the the end of the
semester here so i got this term paper i
got it right here's some film bust some
heads give you a little tour I can feel
me here I'm allowed to film her here the
lady told me so and here's a chair what
is it
PAGASA centaur that's a half-man
half-horse probably has a big old penis
horse penis I like Picasso cuz he drew a
lot of like boobies and stuff so I know
he was like a pervert artist like me you
know saying my gas all right but at the
same time nasty let√≠s Matisse some my
teeth right here it's kind of scary
Jabberwocky and and Elvis kind of looks
like Elvis right look at the Rick right
here doesn't sky look like uh well
Michael Jackson giant giant robot in a
yeah in the extended smooth criminal
yeah at the end the crazy now you know
this dude has blue balls so this is a
portrait of Sebastian hornier Vidal and
tell me you know like Billy Crystal
Billy Crystal / Scarface oh my they
might to the crystal hand oh gosh no
that's not scar face that looks like
Scarface movie
freakin Asian artists crashed his
motorcycle and then no Dottie would make
some art out of it was that funny I
don't know who knows was that funny Rick
damn it left museum track down the kogi
truck over here in North Hollywood line
kind of long but uh I'm super hungry so
I'm awake oh I could just go somewhere
else yeah but you know you're hiking i
beez hype hunger bees whoo okay finally
back from north hollywood in the whole
Hollywood area got my got a good look at
my painting and I'm gonna write about
look the room is a mess as always um now
I'm gonna try and sit down and knock
this paper out in six hours I mean not
in six hours but I got six pages that i
have to write about that papaya Picasso
painting and and it due tomorrow at two
so try knock it out you guys have a
great delicious night holler holler
holler at your boy the royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
