so cleaning my car out getting all the
stuff out so I can return the Fiesta
today
sad day empty beach funk out the only
day that the car isn't clean yeah dad
you sad yeah my dad loved driving this
car more than I did because he knows how
to drive a stick and I didn't really
know how at first so he was just
everywhere and I'm like stalling in the
middle of everything now it's time to
give him back so it's my final day with
the Fiesta and they hooked us up with
this dope ass room at the at the London
West Hollywood Hotel in LA pretty
freakin so we so here's the view suite
view right oh man I'm so happy right now
whoo Here I am at the UH with all the
with all the fellow ages here all the
all these people from across the
of all the channels
all these people are losing their cars
but giving us food hey you can't look
like my friend Rick oh yeah the viewers
are gonna love that right there
everybody who knows Riggins ok girl it
will reach the real ring better it you
know man hey yo check out this bathroom
it's crazy right oh excuse me I'm in my
drawers
is there a blow dryer in here you want
to say hi so I get a sexy thumbnail okay
good
double showers that I don't see a blow
dryer in here attitude winner with a
free hotel room hey hey hey what a free
hotel room on it hey hey don't make me
overpower you in front of everybody
we're not winter free hotel room hey hey
don't get hurt oh so yeah come on
Killian getting ready to go to this um
dinner fiesta dinner on top of the roof
on top of a mountain and okay so we're
gonna eat and then we're gonna go find
out if I uh if I won this car oh yeah so
check it out on top of the hotel having
dinner
check peep the view man it's crazy right
it's crazy it's crazy Ileana taking
pictures man it's just so nice dude
sometimes you got to sit back and count
your blessings you know I'm saying even
though I gave up a car shit is dope get
some food check it out
other angle
where am i right now
man I'm wearing a boat and have you
shown this here people yeah okay let us
save a lane oh is it that way that's how
I do that I was gonna say that everybody
says oh you guys know this guy yeah I
freeze up on camera yeah me too I do the
same thing
you just want a car I'm gonna let you
finish man but I was gonna talk about
Sobrero and how I know lumps of rope but
this man is the man so beautiful night
beautiful girl I didn't win a car I
didn't win the Ford Fiesta but I won the
award for funniest video so I got a
frisbee pretty sweet right yeah
who needs a car man so I'm here at the
Palladium in Hollywood with all the
Fiesta agents about to do this little
spot for Current TV we gotta introduce
my girlfriend of course hello
shake mango guys oh yes yes Hanson
Hanson here guys
in Hollywood as you can see my keys on a
giant picture they got a whole bunch of
the fiestas here it's a big big deal you
have to lay it out here and then you got
my car over here too oh my car
look at her like they got them on
display like it's like it's only Adam on
to what your arm
turn it off
Oh onyx 2011 Fiesta that looks different
than mine right yeah yeah look at that
that's kinda dope right babe I like it
she's not drunk
your voice is cute babe anything else
like to say to you to what we're not
Annie I don't know why people spell
illion Gonzalez and don't call her mrs.
de la ghetto she doesn't like that if
you had her on Facebook no and you don't
like this be proud of that shit man
mrs. traffic she's her own person
remember that I li na yeah let's get you
a burrito
she's not drunk my name is hair hair
we're fast army will you see my dad huh
- dude no you the man man you're the man
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you
King shit
