here on a bunch of the agents getting
ready to go to the LA auto soda on here
this PS Plus you go away now from your
bank fine I can't lose you but there's a
giant dude in a tiny car right now and
of course it's a BMW asshole be above
all BMW jumpers are assholes or fat guys
and tiny cars so everyone has their
cameras out like a bunch of lame it's
pretty lame ass youtubers everyone has
the cameras up if I can't you live like
two seconds without bring a camera on
your face I got relax you know it's like
to the cameras everybody's like why do
you always have to be on camera all the
time getting routine verzino so today so
we're at the Auto Show but to unveil
this fiesta oh my god John my face shit
so here we are getting our exclusive
media pass on at the LOL a ello ello
ello ello a day show LA Auto Show pretty
sweet checking out that at the new ford
taurus and I new Mustang over there
maybe I'll get a Mustang yeah yeah heavy
dope right and then uh got freaking a
dreadlocks over just walk my baby
dreadlocks over there baby dreads check
this thing out if it would hurry up
this is different Wow opens like a
refrigerator oh that's cool it's weird
they look comfy though not stove it's
all like futuristic and check that out
it's great to do Gary and Cheer over yes
that's what i use concept car sweet
sounds like exactly what is
she's a gun to my holster
whoo hey it go be like a import model
and like put your butt on it no put your
movies on the glass there's a song
called put your titties on the glass
that's whatever
did you do because see it you could do
that
this is kind of tight
now I'm gonna film you okay and Ray
Romano everybody know this is introduced
have to do I'm Ray Romano no Sam
DeLaGarza yeah yes Samuel aji de la G
and then I you ever been in it i'm not
so i love traffic make sure you
subscribe to mystery guitar man yeah
we're about to unveil these cars finally
we're supposed to be going back right
now introduce introduce introduce what
up double cameras we are ready to go
we're ready to go i got the double
cameras on oh ok you're right right of
myself here we go
a parte esta parte
alright so we got people interviewing us
back here everyone always a super
excited to hop on hop on the camera I'd
rather just sit back cuz you know prince
2 i'm on my own conglomerate you know
saying i don't need to be on camera
because the american one just said gone
off pretty lame so check out this seeped
out sit ups yesterday this is kind of
tight look at the room I like yesterday
you know like it
I just got done doing my interview for
CBS so you guys are tuned in and check
that out tomorrow or I mean yeah
yesterday is that the Pepsi can kiss
is it just me or do all white people
look like when you're wearing suits
that's why I saw the same guy like 30
times I just walked up to the thing
expecting it to open just because you're
yeah I know I've no idea that was scary
and I'm just getting in over that with
camera crews everywhere the lime green
with the lime squeeze yeah because you
like that green cutie stuff this is more
of a girl huh yeah that's cute
oh that is a white in series and let's
check that up
oh yeah what's that man yeah introduce
this your boy dare pretty boy down boy
Panther growls ground ain't even pretty
not even pretty gabapentin it's a fiesta
party it's a fiesta fiesta
heroes like I'm heroes yes what happen
oh okay tragedy here at the LA auto show
this guy got hit by a parked car oh man
you should have seen it was terrible the
royal penis is clean your highness Thank
You King shit
