what is crackin party people right now
i'm in west hollywood on my way to this
interview for the Ford Fiesta thing
freaking uh it's about that time or I'm
gonna give this car back soon so they
want me to talk about my experience and
whatnot but uh yeah West Hollywood you
know I'm trying to find the Hollywood
sign for you guys um is it around here
yeah should be oh yeah yeah oh I'm sorry
for smacking all in your ear I'm sorry I
didn't even realize I was doing that
until just now over here at the London
West Hollywood Hotel in West Hollywood
just waiting on everybody to get
situated so I could get through this
last interview about my ass but my
fiesta I want to go to London one day
men like the real London you know just
like a pickup like us like a dope ass
accent excuse me could you tell me where
the bathroom is are really bad diarrhea
right now doesn't have make everything
sound so much doper all right my name is
Timothy DeLaGhetto you're watching dear
DeLaGhetto so I just went to a chick
whose vagina is very very very stinky
look man makes everything sound so
eloquent no here at this interview
and I'm saying it's the life man freakin
I got all cool people interviewing me oh
and Baloo this yeah I'm getting bounced
yeah so I'm hyped right now forgive my
nakedness I'm sorry for everyone who
subscribed to see my girlfriend's face
interview thumbnail there's no
girlfriend's face in this one which
means it's gonna get half the views but
I don't care man I was I wasn't even
gonna put a blog up today but then I
realized because I had a midterm paper
to write I had a midterm paper my room
is a mess as always it's a shambles
Yodas and r2 d2's everywhere onesies all
over the place and I thought I had a
midterm paper to write so that's what I
was gonna do tonight however looking
through the syllabus it's not the
syllabus but looking through the
syllabus I saw that um you know we don't
have to turn in the paper tuesday we can
turn it into her mailbox by friday which
is dope which means i'm gonna put it off
a few more days and i'm gonna write a
couple songs because i want a couple
songs that i need to do a couple songs
that i want to finish up for new years
or for the holiday season um and check
this lame shit out check this check this
out man um so when you know it you know
I got ads I got ads on my on my my porn
um fake porns right that I put on
youtube check out the ad that pops up
for this one though hey it's a hacking
Christmas with Fred really really
youtube do you honestly think the people
there watching me and my chick to a fake
sex tape gonna buy a fred christmas CD
really do you think do you think that's
gonna help my my revenue you know i get
it i'm not i'm not doing it for the you
know for the money fuck that I'm a liar
the money is great but really Fred and
I'm not even gonna lie i like that
Fred's I like that Fred song the one
that the one that came out the cash then
a money when I look that's a catchy a
song reminded me of like barbie barbie
girl you're my man song um I'm kind of
Lavery this isn't a vlogging was like me
blogging and that's not what you you're
here for is it I don't know you guys do
you guys want do you guys love this
shirt has bought you and look at my
shoes your look on my shoe collection
huh everyone's off like 10 or so wish
your shoes get some vans pumps Chuck's
which I don't really wear creative
recreations creative recreations
creative recreations more vans um some
nike blazers supras down there um what
do we got man you guys wanna freakin
tour I don't know I feel I don't want to
feel pressure to entertain you guys when
this is just the daily blog you know i'm
saying i want to show you what i do and
if i don't do anything well then tough
nuggies you know zan um so oh you and
your something interesting check the
subject this up this thing here has
literally been on my ceiling for um like
five years literally five years cuz
around around 05 during the holiday
season uh a whole bunch people were in
my room kicking it and there was a bug
flying around and someone decided to
throw that up there or taught over fling
that up there to try and get the bug and
stuck up there and it's been there ever
since it's been there ever since man oh
now this is boring people are falling
asleep I'm sorry I don't have I'm sorry
I'm not in Europe with my fiance like
Charles Trippy and I'm sorry I don't
have a family and a whole bunch of
little cute kids running around like
shaycarl it's just me man only child in
my room parents are asleep most of the
time and shit I'm a college student I
have midterms and have stuff to do you
know Sam's will take what you can get
man relax you know Zen what what do you
want from me what do you want from you
guys shoot you want to see the shoot
look I used to work at Foot Locker so I
have these shoes on my wall that I had
everybody sign or I used to have
everybody sign when they came to my room
and um yeah that says that's about it
that's about it just um get out my face
and I got on my face I'm like right now
get on my face man my face man
eh i'm working on some dope stuff um we
got it we got a um we got a onesies song
a onesies rap song coming very soon and
it's gonna be hilariously dope and then
also I have a song coming for it for the
new year so um stay tuned and now that's
how long is that that's four minutes of
me talking sand so okay goodnight bye
okay real quick you may be wondering why
is this part not in HD this last part
that you're looking at right now well my
mom walked in and I filmed something
dope with the HD camera but this thing
started messing up in Vegas and it's
still messing up so I don't know guys
looks like vlogs are gonna have to be
not wide screen and not HD for a little
while a couple days until I get this
back operational or i can use this thing
but the audio messes up which in the
sink is awesome sense because i don't
want to look around my camera i usually
use when you do I ghettos and stuff so
we're gonna see what we're gonna do
maybe I'll just get a new one but the
royal penis is clean your highness Thank
You King shit
