all right guys here we are on our way to
Las Vegas mu excited said you guys huh
yeah I got no money janna skipping movie
musical because we're living a bitch as
the Sun sets on the mountainous area
desert with we drive to Vegas
about to me for 30 i'll sit we're gonna
get that around six come on oh here we
are at a rest stop resting about an hour
outside of Vegas Peter any words words
now Rick words recess shut up oh nice
right what's really Eric no air no
there's no it's not a UH week on thing
oh shit not a beach would never hit the
air for this part of your dreams
sometimes of Steel chops over here we
are in Las Vegas you just got here I had
a whole bunch of like dope footage of
like sunsets and lights what my freakin
mino HD cam broke Peter's trying to fix
it right now oh you got a paper clip I
got it oh really yeah hi let me see that
paper clip we got right here super ego
here chillin he doesn't know what's
going on he does begin with so I luckily
I brought it and Rick hey guys I just
doing like luckily I brought this other
camera to get some other footage of some
other stuff we're doing when I saw
yeah it was a miss it seemed to come to
the river water now it was it was a mist
of emotion mr. this is a mr. bono I
comes in the bonneville situation
dutiful man that I could I want to take
an email today when I best myself okay
who's just so great to me can't stop
dude I so wish Asians were allowed in
the face in and I gotta get so down the
dollar we did by the recruiting party
hahaha what I meant is a four-letter
word where we hate when people change
your religious pamphlets and you you
feel bad throwing Murray always so you
hang on to me for forever but you don't
read them dude dude kill what's up I'm
50 years old okay 40 Hayek 30 hell yeah
I'm a nightclub promoter I got hold on
ready uh I got night club passes yes I
love molasses I got kind of fucking dead
Jackie Onassis I love fat oh you're
freestyling oh yeah oh yeah keep going
badasses
hey go tell me when you're you're good
man I got night club passes I love my
losses I got fuck we don't take in j on
macos yeah I'm of fat asses huh yeah oh
yeah that's what's up this test
this is like a tall as me
might break how much it costs don't
worry about it haha 40 say what's up
yeah what's up horn about cars catch
along in Vegas you got the pepperoni
nipples we got the yeah the loose pussy
tight pussy hairy this year say whatever
you want is my channel was the online
ideally pussy pussy pussy pussy yeah
that's too much that's too much
inappropriate hi sushi decade or so yeah
yeah man Oh Eric really wanted some
chicken wing so we decided to walk to
denny's and I had about this much am I
think left but the dennys lady wouldn't
let me in it
so I had a drink at all I was trying to
plan it so that it was like the whole
night I would be sleeping on it better I
drink it all cuz they wouldn't allow
alcohol so it's kind of sitting in a
little bit right how you feeling a
little numb and a little figures alone
on the face but I'm okay okay all right
I can drive you home right now no I got
you come right now dog it so I am jit um
from the area yeah I'm a big fan of them
what to do like ghetto right here Thanks
am surprised to see you you know you
know you know you know I don't say oh
yeah it's all good i'm recording around
introduce introduce just chillin son of
the year so the show las vegas on my
chest yeah man let him know how much you
love my videos i love your videos i
watch that shit all day I appreciate it
homie haha your head was was on my head
like that was this old couple in the
elevator who first was yelling a trick
for having a new york had until he found
out could we found out we were from long
beach and then he started high five
minutes and then randomly gave us all a
little fling gave me some bling and told
us about these these have something to
do with angels even saving it i'm not
i'm not too sure but uh
30-34 years at a new i don't know i'm
not exactly no no really nice guy really
nice got actually like kind of you know
brought a little more thanks for Jordan
to my heart right now but uh I'm not
exactly sure what the story was about
angels but you keep no no he reached
back into his drawer and there was a
crucifix there was this there someone
gave you gave it to him randomly there's
40 years later he's like son like this
and that was there and then he was like
okay so yeah god bless you too oh my god
whoever you were thank you maybe he was
the angels man yeah where he going to
disappear at the yankees that was evil
oh my god thank you thank you know hard
and I'll be oh I'll dig I'll be slapping
them cheeks you know what a vid I'll
make it OMG great we're bringing out a
window oh no hello fight that's right
alright well I'll frickin up on you
later up Eric wants a fight man I know
what the dog wants to go right now dog
his energies that all you better watch
out Peter you better watch out dude Eric
damn yeah oh there's me experis is it
machi bro
hahaha whoo all right so good so we're
here rehearsing for this uh this thing
we're doing I don't even I was a secret
but what rehearse it boy this is secret
secret shhh oh hey Timothy DeLaGhetto
Daisy hey hey the YouTube elite nation
they sure that camera right around on
yourself buster thanks man see what ing
wow so you learn the elevator in our
onesies we bout to hit the Las Vegas
Strip and we're putting together
something special for you guys so stay
tuned okay gonna be dumb all right gents
gone Hector yeah big fan big fan yeah
subscribe to us just subscribe 2 Timothy
yes ego yes slow yes yeah yeah leaving
Las Vegas
really super early as you can see the
Sun that's his beginnings arrived and
now waiting on
very sleepy
had a good time
you know went out for you to the girl
are you a little bit drank a little bit
and did the flash mob thinking shaycarl
and everybody mad fun thank you for
involving us it's really cool and yeah
now we go back to the real world of you
know making total adventures and editing
high school sucks the musical and they
can do dil I ghettos
take a night the royal penis is clean
your highness Thank You King shit
