so I just got to VidCon I was soon all
morning I was in traffic for like a baby
pregnant and I ran it through the
motherfucking awhile an outcast right
half of the world are not black from the
wild outcast what's cash he knows nigga
Latino Christian has his episode has an
area but I say I don't know why there's
a new cast member just you know what I
just you know how are you well I'm doing
good me and Emily made out like twice
yeah nick is very big I mean you know
Aaron a dependable you access no story
the bed little us you know I get it I
get that black up Lexi's a rapper on any
Instagram lounge I'm about to have a
panel with this lovely young lady that's
like they are mostly babysit and like
then let in this closet six I was gonna
like I was gonna be like oh I was gonna
say quick yeah give me something get it
okay wait what
what's your brand is that going to be
inappropriate for you I like diary I get
G which she just spilled water on
yourself guys at the panel gig I get
your site on went when she went dressed
VidCon content click main titles whoa
million dude meet the latest Raja where
to Kings College I probably should have
bribed but rag i amazing the stylish the
stylist say I got the frame virtuosity
you bring does my pop the lady friend my
brains not with the resemblance top
alright I'm here at VidCon I mean the
face book creators lounge and it's some
pretty dope because comin toph this year
like super
oh yeah you know that I really love
everything that he does
shout out to my hundred people I'm sure
you use I'll go to review yeah and how
other to so every idea girls have to
have no sorry I know this that means
kisses I will go Gary
oh yeah save it you kill it
fuck they're good don't worry about that
we're not here for the drama with we're
here to have a conversation right make
sure you follow her on them Oh Oh Gaby
page and then get word on Twitter and on
you I saw him walk around VidCon I
ranted is do good man good and on
reminder we watch the film hey I'm day
he'll figure if y'all ever heard his
song who's going to be I'm the creator
and I did made disease in
that's crazy that's crazy and I'm a big
fan hey man I don't even have to sit
five years ago like Love Peace Peter
cheese I remember we old videos wasn't
even clear I was like look on blurry
blurry days I think you broke
I appreciate that dog okay well get his
mouth with the 4k camera hey let him
know mommy blog this is my vlog about
blogs and foggy here we out here and
yeah you're never going to become never
going to big lines there you know I'm
not even losing a million views right
now you think on our 5tn everyone yeah
well status yet it's not my house so
coverage Oh a music video mom dancing
mom everything yes you might catch the
ads on Benjamin over her dad funny
okay I just gonna go Ida's vizulator
view with a seminar with teddy was
good-looking I thought
if you're because all our youtubers on
the back video depicted with the suit
after my panel and he handed me a
business card he's like go throw it away
I was like a mop oh my god I mean you
did a toothpick though and it real ABS
oh thank you thank you I got thank you
so um actually looks it up though okay
what does general Jake Soriano media
searching up against Department of
applause man appreciate that so so I'm
in the Calvin clients we hooked up with
and we can like customize Rahl and we
want to get in the sand and booty I
think I get in the bottom about to get
into sample these drawers right now and
see what what would you do here to you
what's your record we're about to do I'm
at one of mine what's my reco what's on
your resources after you but me in line
yo so I don't know if y'all ever noticed
but a lot of Canadians when you say
resource they'll say resort with a Z
Resort fullness is weird
okay what are you getting there
whoa I definitely have to shave with
these underwear nah man little let the
bush about the size because that's
Benelux already and this is little yeah
it's going to Bessel creates it back bad
for me that's okay you said I'll create
them back better yeah can we ask mediums
what's up bro louder all right man what
are you going what are you going to go
with on your own I think is it black
what nothing's you crazy I'm right here
back oh I see you
what does the bra yes mr. Brockman and
who are you for more people
I'm Mickey they came on a key word
Thanks yeah you put in an old back road
on the cool yours come okay put them
onto the flex
that is awesome that going to be exactly
on like the vulva lips or that be a
little lower a little lower lower
yeah that looks very lipping oh good
take your left off so I got the red
lightning bolt kind of a perfect song
right now a 24 month long let them know
that if you fuck with me you're going to
get shocked with an STD I'm coughing in
everybody's mouth right all right so I'm
about to start this me and greet at
VidCon let's not make some noise okay
what it is where were you oh let them
fuck it out what is what is what is that
outfit body health I take this help but
taste yeah it's okay
damn I like it oh it looks good
and you asked me to do that and I didn't
say I wanted a look at the support
look at this award what's up bro with an
early bread Johnny yeah Johnny did you
force a tank do it what did you did you
do some traditional I Q like you asked
to wash you to some shit man I wear so
much you got dirty dope oh hello who are
you
I have done shopping brought me a
present from Hawaii what is this um it's
like a robbery yeah man I don't know
what that is I say what's our robbery it
is like a kimochi okay I saw that was my
VidCon experiences last day everyone's
packing up going home probably gonna get
some breakfast with some people um and
you know what I had a really good time
and um and even though like I avoided
most of the crowd and I kind of like
dipped out of the parties kind of early
I had a really good time here's what's
interesting is what's your interest rate
okay he was interesting all right
usually I prefer playlists to VidCon
cause playlist is more of a party and
become was always like more networking a
little more business II but this time I
liked VidCon better for those reasons
like I was more about my business this
trip and I kind of wanted to be and I
liked it I really wasn't trying to turn
up like that um and I really wasn't
trying to be in the crowd like that
taking that selfies and shit I was just
kind of like networking and and kicking
back in a really enjoyable time that
like business dinners and shit what is
happening for me am i grown what uh also
I didn't tell you guys this but I'm not
drinking for three months um because we
said Rick and Chia
be making jokes like I got a problem
that I'm like I might look at Mike I'm
like alcoholic problem so I was like you
know what fine then at that I'm not
drinking for three months just to prove
to y'all that uh it doesn't faze me at
all and I'll need this shit so I'm about
like two weeks deep right now
saying and that is kind of crazy bro
being at VidCon it's literally all the
events of free alcohol everything's open
bar and your boy was chillin you know
and then even even when I was I'm in
Boston at the Tour de fat your boy had
no drinks so chillin man oh god I need a
hit but I tell you what I tell you what
was also more different about this
VidCon is that I'm you know now at these
conventions now that there's like the
musically kids and the lively kids and
all these people coming from different
apps that are popping it is definite
like a whole new class of people you
know saying it feels different like back
in the day it was all youtubers you all
kind of knew each other even though we
know each other it was like a class of
people you know saying like we always
the same school now it's like all these
different apps it's like um it's almost
like different schools are coming to one
event you feel me feels like you don't
know everybody you'll know these people
are sometimes but like now people are
like oh it used to be like what's your
channel and now it's like people be like
oh okay so what kind of creator are you
like where you are youtuber or you or
whatever whatever and this was the first
year we're not the first year but this
year was the year that I got a lot of
people young ends coming up to me as an
OG like a lot of people stopped me on
from a man you know what bro I grew up
watching you I respect what you do you
out here hustling you know you're
killing it man
or like man like young into like Pro
you're such a savage you know I watched
you for so long blah blah blah there was
just an outpour of love and respect from
all angles looking at me as a og and
this is the first time I really felt
like I'm looking I'm looking I'm up here
like a og like these kids like know me
as one of the originators of this shit
you know I'm saying I'm like Snoop Dogg
in this shit at this point ha ha ha and
that's kind of crazy to think about I'm
not mad at all you know I'm saying I'm
out here I've been doing this shit for
motherfuckin 11 years still grinding and
elevating a man at a good time so I
appreciate everybody that took selfies
living I appreciate all the creators
that came up to me on some on some on
some poppers from some props shit and
you know hey hey I appreciate the
community and
we are thank you for watching me peace
so royal pain is this clean your
highness
Thank You King shit
