happy Thanksgiving happy Thanksgiving
happy Thanksgiving mom this is all faith
oh my survived she's sick here at a
hokkaido and long beach japanese buffet
in some lunch with the fans
grubbing you know
is where we go got the turkey turkey
right here on deck is cool we don't even
need to cook nothing
gotta love Asians man no matter how much
people want to say how weird we are we
eat weird shit we sound funny when we
talk I'm proud of our people man my
people we are beautiful Asian people
don't let anybody tell you differently
we are beautiful they're my parents
eating some crab yeah full of crab full
of crab she's doing crabby the phase
where Asians and Samoans come together
on holidays and feast and fight against
the traditions of the white man right
mom yeah cuz we don't really talk yeah
skills oh yeah oh yeah oh you're putting
them out oh you can
okay babe what any mom I'm not gonna put
him around not on camera
yeah okay okay Rick Rick and Ileana all
right this is annoying here at Big Lots
children waiting on my mom to get done
looking at whatever she's looking at
couches chillin out maxin relaxin and
then this kid tanto tanto chanchito let
me versus Lee all right I'm here after
we move out to collect on this 50% off
about to pick up all the ramu nays sodas
I can get all the Hello Kitty juices you
know what I'm talking about so
everything that I wanted is gone already
man
whack-whack pretty lame guys pretty lame
worst Thanksgiving ever
yeah wait a hos that they're like these
means you know I'm saying
so I'm collecting right now and all this
stuff is 50% off ice-cream combos ice
cream paintjob combos so here I am in
front Liana's house but to get some
Thanksgiving dinner with her family dun
dun dun
I'm go ahead and tuck this away cuz I
don't want this all up in the old in her
parents faces so and by tucking this
away I meant the camera not my penis dun
dun dun turn off so it's midnight and
we're heading to the mall because
they're having like a super early
Lilliana there she's really excited
because we wanted them all and it's
midnight and it's like crazy packed at
the mall it's pandemonium
it's early Black Friday it's Midnight
Madness we're gonna do some some mauling
someone what sorry shopping yeah so yeah
so we're gonna do some shopping right
now thank you vics quit taking pictures
as you can see it's crazy it's crazy
people are in line we don't know what
four people are running into everybody
stepping on Indiana's toes so all just
people are in line for the Disney Store
like the line goes all the way down this
way it's crazy
this crazy
so it's 2 a.m. and we're leaving the
mall and we're leaving them all now
we're sleepy guys and some doodads and
some great for me
so now take your home happy things
getting the Royal penises clean your
highness thank you
King shit
