guess what I got goo gah yeah guess what
I got guys new deodorant mmm just wanna
lick it right mmm like that deodorant Oh
trying to write this term paper right
now hey was good it was good about to uh
I wrote about half this term paper you
want to see the kicks creative
recreations if y'all don't know um I'm
about to go over half of this term paper
and now i'm about to go get some quick
lunch with eliana and then um we're
gonna uh you got a light on me um grab
some lunch with eliana does my acne look
all extra acne is right now oh oh oh oh
gasps unless really on and then finish
this term paper at school turn it in
yeah so here at cpk
viviana hey babe
and you know what they got the new black
button ups and they're not that bad I
guess hey Rhett oh this is it old school
homie and now a big boss here at cpk I
was just telling them how the the black
button ups aren't that bad justice so
now I am on my way to school so I can
finish up the last few pages of this
paper turn it in you get an F mMmmm now
i'm just playing i got i got skills when
it comes to writing paper and I'm saying
I'm a writer I'm good with that stuff
you know skills in terms of actually
knowing things and studying and you know
learning hey I'm a little man but give
me a paper to write I'll give you ten
pages on for two sentences of
information man I'm that good and that's
why I do good with the dear DeLaGhetto
is you don't pull the shit it's getting
to school is so empty cuz I just got
here from my night class and it's a
second you know it's about to be
Thanksgiving so nobody is here I got
totally like get some head in this
parking structure hmm so the more I walk
around school and the less or the fewer
amount of people I see I'm beginning to
think that we don't even have school
today and maybe I'm just supposed to
submit this paper online cuz the spot
where I already was trying to finish up
my paper was closed and I think I'm
stupid but we're gonna do some
investigating before we head back home
cuz I'm stupid so my suspicions were
confirmed and I'm stupid there is no
school today and we just have to
submit the paper online so to home we go
so I can submit this paper online and
finish it up and whatnot oh I'm so dumb
I'm so dumb look there's no over again
there's nobody in here and the people in
these cars are probably boning so it's
like I need to go home and get this
paper done I'm so stupid what up
submitted my paper now I I gotta like I
got this I signed up for this hot topic
Ning so I got a coupon I'm trying to
pronounce a perso I gotta print it on
the back of some old homework it's like
a coupon for like fifty percent off
anything in the store or mall offender
fifty percent off anything in the store
but for today only so I'm gonna go pick
up some stuff right now so over here
going on a mission to find a coffee bean
because we honor really wants a specific
type of tea and there's not a lot of
coffee beans in the area so i just got
my-- my jacket on topic two fifty
percent off pretty fly as usual you know
like how i do right
freakin fly right babe no yeah
if we don't really does talk guys you
know she just doesn't like talking on
camera just like Rick doesn't like being
on camera well I mean look here's the
thing we like being on camera as long as
it's like a planned script type thing
when it's on this like candid camera
reality show types it like they don't
like to say anything you know me I'm
just happy being in front of the camera
so the stupid thing had no idea what it
was talking about and it didn't take us
to coffee bean it took us somewhere else
so no coffee beans tonight here we are
closing up the restaurant okay right
thai smile it's got crazy was this guy
he's crazy we uh we call that guy we
call that guy danger of love oh you guys
see my new Hot Topic jacket we call the
guy danger love cuz he has a tattoo it
says danger of love it's crazy saunders
here closing up the restaurant it's a
lovely night lovely peaceful night and
uh oh damn freaking oh yeah oh my god
dude I'm so sad my coming swimming I'm
so sad right now because we came for a
late night snack at famima then it's
closing fifty percent off everything
doesn't that suck
it's supposed to be 22 hours and it cool
they got new hours and it's closed cuz
they're going our business isn't that
lame talking to you marketing you will
receive two free chicken tacos no hello
can I just get two chicken tacos please
okay that'll be all thank you um and
gotta get chicken tacos when I wanted
some famima snacks and we should um tray
for me one for that 7-eleven down here
oh yeah oh yeah 7-elevens whack man come
home oh so yeah I guess that's the end
it's technically Thanksgiving right now
so happy Thanksgiving everybody I'm
thankful for for life and I'm thankful
for you guys and I'm thankful for
YouTube and I'm thankful for this onesie
I got on um so yeah it's more gonna grab
some grub some lunch with the fam and
then some dinner with ileana's fam and
then black friday with rick and then
this weekend Vegas baby yeah I doubt
I'll be able to do a daily vlog from
Vegas so look for like a weekend vlog
but uh yeah the royal penis is clean
your highness Thank You King shit
