hello children whatever y'all I know I
didn't post one of yesterday's I really
needed a break man like you know last
night I had a dream that I was recording
stuff with my flip cam and in my dream I
was like oh man this is such good
footage for my daily vlog and David Choi
was there I was like oh man it's so dope
and I woke up like yo I need to chill
with this daily vlogging man I just
needed a break you know from having
everything on the internet and just
being all about the internet for a day
you know why I didn't do block TV
yesterday I just needed to chill so I'm
on my way to school right now gotta try
and meet up with my counselor because I
gotta pick up they got some classes for
next semester and trying to figure out
how to get out of this bitch as soon as
possible word get that education kids
there's a lot of full in these you know
whoever did this isn't gonna be defeated
very easily seriously whoever did these
needs to get socked I need to get socked
because I'm pretty sure they're a
shoo-in
a shoo-in to get into the art program
you
Sumerian look at the classes I gotta
take before him till I graduate
counselor said I got like seven more
classes which is like two more semesters
but look this world um so I've got a
couple more semesters left just trying
to pick these art classes I can finish
up and get this art degree give it to my
dad and go be famous man Oh finally I'm
in this elevator by myself so I can take
my penis out Maggie hopefully there's no
one out here right now okay that one's
gonna rape me no one to rape right dude
so uh just got out of a little like
paper writing workshop review type thing
for them for my class um I got a big
paper I got a write due next week I got
another paper let's do tomorrow too
actually
so gonna work on that tonight and
tomorrow of course you know cuz I'm on
the last minute King you don't saying I
hope no one's in their cars watching me
do this right now but I mean shit what
do I care I make money off this shit
don't judge me I do what I want
okay Kong no option or restart you guys
wanna hear a funny random voicemail I
got from somebody who probably are you
still there shut up we got my number
from somewhere
yo Jim what I'm doing that a cute little
boy you got there so you said you're
pretty slick huh
let's do it ever you ask the party the
other night if you're pureeing
and you're wacky you know and this
message delete press 7 save press 9 more
option saved he said with your earrings
dude remember that party were you there
with your earrings and your wackadoodle
nose I don't know who that was I have no
idea they called me when I was in the
library so I had no reception so I don't
even know like if the call was a private
line or what but um I have no idea who
that was but I'm not even mad because he
said wackadoo who knows and that's just
hilarious turn off
oh I'm recording okay so yeah just got
done kicking it will be on them we want
some Forgetting Sarah Marshall and some
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia and
now I'm gonna go home and write a paper
because I have to write a paper for a
stinky stinky class but um I hope you
guys enjoyed your your Tuesday tomorrow
is hump day well by the time you're
watching this it's gonna be hum day so I
hey get your hump on make sure you wear
a condom or two
no actually you're not supposed to wear
two because the friction of the two
condoms actually makes them more likely
to break so you know that rumor about
strapping up twice don't do that guys
that shit is only gonna make it worse do
not strap up twice and but make sure you
strap up have a good night
skeet dreams the Royal penis is clean
your highness Thank You King shit
