hit tragedy ladies and gentlemen trying
to get ready and put some deodorant on
and this happened ah why okay so here's
the deal man I'm running away a little
late for this some for this thing I'm
supposed to be doing him I'm working I'm
about to go be a part of this parody
that my boy keeps from up the block is
doing you know keeping up the block he
was into every girl remix and he was in
things you shouldn't say to a black guy
to do with a big afro anyways um he's
doing a parody of your a jerk and I'm
running a little late so that's why I'm
it's good i'm just up for that parody
don't you hate when you're about to go
somewhere and you're already running
late and then as soon as you get in your
car it's like thing gas light goes off
good this up right now pumping up maybe
gonna get some Popeyes to eat on the
road I don't know I'm super hungry but I
don't have time for all that so time to
go and and and get this crackin
introduce little nose going on yo what's
up there's a cocoa complected
charismatic Kiki from up the block we're
holding down right now we're on a set of
my video for I might work yeah to me
which is keep my block featuring john
Holly we also got traffic you gotta read
timothy delaghetto the video oh yeah
good Britney a good friend David's face
all right alphaCAT is around the corner
no he isn't having it yet he should be
coming in a little bit hello David is
mad at all yeah Dave install dayz I do
you stop we don't where he played our
boss and like me you know
everybody's always saying yo y de Soto
so thank you for school down and make me
look back to talk today Ameer Dave are
not brothers but we're yeah we're
brothers but you're not what we're not
brothers you're in brothers you're
you're you're you're prettier brothers
no but I got across a lot of people
leaving it but I was like why they say
that then I looked at a stone that was
like you know what okay I'll see what
people kiss Anna we're not brothers but
we you know they were close like he's
back why y'all talking to my hands born
now you need to do so pretty boring
hello
gosh guys how you doing I don't know
it's all good I'm about to have a homie
uh zip me up right now so if okay no se
SI este HD what up yo what up to me yeah
you can't really tell though hey hey it
was the biggest thing a man i'll forget
is a pretty as a nice complexion all set
oh you still talking keys video it's a
blast blast blast would you guys seem
like that he'll turn around Nazis action
yeah a little flips hazy for the party's
pretty good Josh was really good
actually trying to teach keep them up
the block how to do the reject it's not
worth it it's not working no we're doing
it doing it you get no not at all most
that's like okay so like you just youyou
you bring this one up and then the other
one comes back while you be there it's
almost like kicking with your back leg
yes you're now Washington key gala get
it I'm at home yeah and who you are boy
yes yes you are watching timothy
delaghetto yeah it's me Scott kini okay
DJ skki in case you didn't recognize
taking recognizing we're out here only
simply get me dressed hours word word it
I almost want to do countess CTV you
almost want the kiss contest yesterday
if i did cuz how we do this up you'll be
shooting song and then in the middle you
be like oh and then you can 104 these
balls hit me up it was in a zone and
when you're going to a five-minute
conversation about some know you too
yeah yeah had nothing you want yes
 that went doing that's right and
I'm like no can we hurry up and get this
 oh my god what a little innately
who would tell me wait cameras mother
please keep the care I know perfect hair
perfect example Dave the last time all
of us you know anybody want water no
could you shut up please can I see you
to target bank man okay what is the
difference when I'm talking to run my
mom I'll still put up the light I'm
still setting the camera now it's like
okay it's ready to shoot hey you want a
sword that eat the time to start you
don't be having your
but we can't go to a conversation we
ready to shoot the scene while we
setting up lights put another camera you
can talk about your mama your granddaddy
your shoes and hunky throws whatever you
want talking about hey it's crazy they
both look okay and then me so yes so
sometimes welcome kits what remote in
the microwave microwave my boy you see
they're not sometimes all the time I
forget so what do i do I count on mine
Desiree oh you know I'm saying to remove
the microphone another paper so does it
take 10 minutes know it takes one minute
while because he's the one that always
fast cuz I don't know what I put my
phone that's it is that what it is
that's what it is me yes and as the Sun
sets on Los Angeles I Drive home from my
shoot of the amateur or your jerk parody
with keeping with the block a lot of
people there John Hawley keeping with
the blog Davis base alpha cat lisa lavie
was over there chicken on her laptop DJ
skki came through was nice meeting him
so yeah man I drive back I originally
was supposed to get down with that early
and then go to go to the set of the high
school musical sucks or high school
sucks the musical to film another scene
with Eric but I knew I knew whatever
they were doing today was going to go
long I'm talking about like with high
school sucks the musical so I was pretty
sure I wouldn't get to film my my wish
like shoot whatever we were trying to
shoot for that today and I was right
Peter called me like hey don't even come
it's cool we don't need to have my first
sure so I just you know I stuck around
and did what I had to do for the year
jerk parody so yeah man now I fight
traffic back to back to paramount or
maybe I hit the long beach's to see if
they're still filming and sleepy ma'am
tired but uh I got some I got some
videos coming this week guys it's going
to be good i'm probably gonna meet wax
and little crazed did a video for the
track we did i'll probably put that up
on wednesday with some little extras
that i added and alex sunset yay and
then uh huh sunset on sunset and then uh
after that sex tape my sex tape is
weekend next weekend be ready for that
the royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King
