what I got a videos Barry yeah but scary
guys um I am currently driving towards
the school that we film at we got
another scene we got to do what I gotta
beat those Barry man that's all you
gotta say you know them um so today you
know I'm gonna get this film done or the
shooting done and then I'm definitely
gonna try and knock out a dear
DeLaGhetto today cuz I know it's been a
minute and I know you guys love those so
yeah yeah whoa my camera just happened
to fall right here on the steering wheel
and I got nothing really to say except
but this looks freaking cool i'm
actually driving by this huge cemetery
right now and you know you know i just
remember the crazy thing about the
cemetery is that it's always mad packed
on like mother's day and father's day
and you know it's just crazy how people
always wait until it's too late to
really tell somebody how much you care
you know I'm saying so I guess while I
got this dope-ass angle I just want to
say man don't don't wait until it's too
late to tell somebody you love them or
show them that you care about them you
know I'm saying you know it's easy to
say imma imma imma kick it with this
person tomorrow or or get into a dumbass
pointless ass fight and then next thing
you know that person is gone and it's
too late ok let me stop trying to be
deep i'm here at the set we're gonna
scare Eric right now okay
she's coming I think no he's not coming
we got Peter
Andrew sound guy sitting up sound stuff
yeah so what do you got here what is
this is this is a receiver oh say hi to
the receiver hi receiver okay okay I see
what you're doing there this guy sender
okay sender send a signal one sends the
other receipts okay oh I see what you're
doing there that's a giver enery see up
top and a bottom you got the boom here
boom yeah this is legit this is legit
stuff we're doing man doesn't mess
around not quitting no they won't quit
each other too legit to quit you don't
stand here Hey Baby Bop a video
seriously I'm gonna split I'm gonna
split hey Martin taking my video good
morning aren't you glad aren't you glad
you put all this hair off aren't you
glad you made it glad you made it Martin
regimen linear hmm talking talking
talking for the sound guys talking for
the sound guy boom in my face hardcore
Martin's
chillin chillin chillin grinding getting
work done top you guys gonna love this
shit man sound guy alright so we're on
the set and I don't think I need to
explain this it's just happening don't
be hatin Amanda I go third annual cock
ring toss yes yeah yes go for two yeah
yeah yeah are you too good Johnny you're
too good man so I'm done shooting right
now um bout to head the whole name is
Rick Rick yo but I'm super aight cuz i
don't know if you guys heard or not but
the freaking mcrib is back baby i'm eric
Donald renowned up himself the mcrib is
back and I freaking love to make red man
I know it's fake me I know it's not real
ribs I know it's probably made all types
of all types of made of all time made of
all types of ears and snouts and
whatever but freaking love the mcrib I
don't care
I know
hello welcome to McDonald would you like
to turn new mcrib value meal today hell
yeah okay I get a sweet see with that
please hey yeah that'll be all thank you
so I just found this on the hood of my
car tucked into the little windshield
wiper what's good Tim nice car shout out
so shout out to money see Phillip n and
Kris J and what is his 35 years of
gentlemen gentle caring childrens dental
building all right they stole somebody's
appointment car have mony go no one to
go to this oh oh it's not money see if
Modi see his moniz guard ok so what it
is boy beaten oh I'm his home doing some
laundry because I'm a lot of cleaning
drawls so uh I'm gonna need some clean
drawers or else imma I'm have to turn
them inside out and I don't like trying
them inside out even though I still feel
like that's um they're still kind of
clean oh I know they're not so
definitely gotta do some laundry right
now after that I'm finally gonna do a
new dear DeLaGhetto and a lot of people
like damn what takes so long to do the
dirty like ghettos you know it's just
like it's just a very long and arduous
process for me because I gotta go
through a shitload of questions pick out
the interesting ones come up with
answers that are like slightly comedic
and still um give good advice you know
I'm saying and yeah I turned it on and
the thing is I kind of give myself an
outline of what I'm gonna say and then
after that I just turn the camera on and
just kind of talk for like half an hour
so and then after that I got a you know
import like the footage and then edit
all that and then save it and throw on
music and then wait
forever for it to upload because they're
huge files you know so you know just
whoa so sometimes you know I that's why
it takes so long for me to do them
because I'm I don't feel like it you
know but I promise I'm gonna do one
tonight and it'll be up if not tonight
then tomorrow and do this a few more
times all right setting up to do this uh
dear did I get all right now as you can
see got the tripod set up I usually just
put them um I just put I stack boxes on
my bed and then I put the camera on top
of the boxes beto ah I do that when I
have light from the window and I'm
saying and it's dark right now I usually
like to do them during the day but today
we're going to use the tripod and the
night light and this camera here I just
recently started using this camera I
don't like to use it too much because
the audio cuts in and out a lot like if
you watch the last Duty like it oh the
volume goes up randomly that's the
cameraman but it's a lot easier to use
than the one I used to use so not
something to go through some questions
try and find some interesting ones and
not the same ol he likes me he likes me
she likes me she likes me but she winks
at me shit you know so it is 1am and I
finally hit edited or not I finally did
the detail i get 0 or answer a bunch of
questions now i'm gonna edit it on
windows movie maker and try and throw it
up on youtube within the next hour or so
I kind of wild out with this one got
kind of stupid but I think you guys will
like it so um and then I got to put the
vlog together and then hopefully get
some sleep because tomorrow I gotta film
um a parody with with key from up the
block parody of your a jerk and it's
gonna be direct about by DJ skki which
is kind of exciting so yeah I think I'm
gonna call it a blog a vlog night um
damn I get sick again have a great night
guys peace the royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King
shit
