yo so 3 o'clock in the afternoon finally
got yesterday's video uploaded YouTube
was having problems right now I don't
know what they're trying to you know
just get rid of people that use windows
movie maker or what but I couldn't
upload my shit for the longest but
finally got it up and I'm gonna go pick
up Ileana we're gonna come grow up and I
say that all the time but it's today to
chill day cuz yesterday was crazy today
I'm just kicking it son yeah yeah so
we're gonna go to the mall but then I
really felt like going to Toys R Us so
we're going to toys r us cuz you know
people people just want to grow up so
fast right right it's like sometimes you
just got to embrace the little kid in
you you know I'm saying forget being an
adult I don't want to grow up you know
right right checking out some tricycles
maybe I can do a new cruise in the beach
video huh do you guys think
I know it's tiny if you got your fit I
can fit that shit so just left toys r us
now we got to go to this little sex shop
cuz I'm we need to buy a strap-on for
the musical Don't Ask Don't Ask okay so
we didn't get a strap on right now we
left kind of early because um vide I was
a little uncomfortable and I also didn't
want people think I was buying a
strap-on for her to do me in the butt so
so you're getting come back it's all
come back with Peter tomorrow but uh
yeah I'm shit so expensive man we might
as well she the cucumber oh I don't want
to kill it though um she got the west
movie here but uh this guy that eating
or whatever I don't know here we are
about to watch precious about to cry my
eyes out I'm already crying Oh fat girls
man so I know this was a short one um
blame Ileana man she got kind of annoyed
of me having the camera all the time so
I just turned it off or he was kicking
it and then um went to go watch precious
you know it was cool man I I teared up a
little bit I can't lie um but then again
I cried during um flintstones movie and
the goofy movie but hey don't judge me
man um you know that part where Barney
and Fred we're about to get your hanged
and it's not hung by the way it hangs
because the actual noun is hanging um
it's a hanging you go to so it's not
hung tanked anyways you know when Fred
was like Barney you're my best friend
and I'm sorry for blah blah like that
she got to me man I teared up I'm not
gonna lie but um yeah anyways um I also
got some footage in hot topic when I got
these pajama pants but apparently they
got in trouble last time I showed their
store so I have to get rid of that
footage but i got these dope in the
turtle pajamas now um and other than
that man uh another really else happened
today so thanks fortuity noon I am gonna
go to sleep cuz we got some filming we
gotta do tomorrow so um have a great
night and um thanks for stopping by San
Diego I mean stay classy thanks for
stopping by
I mean stay classy thanks for stopping
by the royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
