on my way to this current this meeting
with current is interview with current
and ran into a little storm it's raining
hard over here
so yeah hopefully I make it safely
through this side to this little
hurricane we're going through here with
a subrogee you might have seen this guy
right up all over another youtuber we're
at this interview for the Fiesta
Movement and current TV is a TV current
TV current TV yeah yeah the HD one yeah
actually so uh doing this little
interview session with Current TV for
the Fiesta Movement yeah yeah I do this
daily doing daily thing so over here in
Beverly Hills just left the Ford Fiesta
Movement interview I got a little time
to kill before the queen bee interview
so oh yeah just to clarify it's not
queen bee of of the FM of Far East
Movement affiliations of new Bertha
formerly of new birth in case anybody
knows what I'm talking about this is
queen bee she doesn't know a little
radio so she was in the Astra rap video
with Keri Hilson recently well anyways
yeah I'm over here in Beverly Hills
we're trying to make our way to the
Beverly Center but shit man
always bumper-to-bumper in the streets I
understand what you want to take
pictures of that it's a really cool a
bookshelf and couch in here anyways
so we're here at the Beverly Center
because I got a little time to kill them
three interviews me Rick you know I'm
saying hand in hand in the Beverly
Center like man not giving a damn who
sees me so wrong so gone good girl shit
up good boy what do the things I'm about
to tell you I've done this is where me a
Rick shop all day I'm saying believe a
time store I go here to get my drawers
and socks and stuff I wipe my like rags
that I wipe my nose with you know saying
hey here hmm doing a little bit wolf
maybe I'll see what's up with this
Christmas letter hey look kind of tight
- I'm trying on this Jackie right now
dig dig I dig more beanies - which I
think it is Christmas sweaters is cool
is it cool I think it's cool
I think we gave so I did get out the
store and Meagher it came out of H&M to
see the Acrobat lady's all wires and sis
oh let's go down the escalators we're
gonna dope you
yeah hey what's going on
whoo
great
yeah that's what I'm talking about
looks like santa came early this year
certain man I just wanted a shirt
oh my goodness everything's happy there
what
what guys
yes spitting all over the place
hell yeah pasta at the store and China
pagina everything you could want in a
food hungry so some people I can't see
randomly wave to me a rickover right now
we'll see what happens hi introduce
yourself yeah oh my go Lea thank you
thank you I eat KFC all the time yeah oh
the dopest store in the whole mall right
here but they spelled it wrong you know
I don't think a jellyfish but something
alright so here we are waiting for the
second from radio stations everybody
wanna interview this Asian yeah you see
me on TV you know know the name is
Timothy DeLaGhetto you can call me
traffic fighting through traffic I'm
speaking at magic you can call it like
the mic a magic wand everybody know I'm
the agent James Bond but I below 7/7/11
step to me and I send you to heaven like
a halo come get with me Beyonce
yeah I like it when you're on say that
you're gonna leave me set a young cool I
mean I messed it up and I'm drunk on
this water yeah
and I've been just online networking
grinding for the past few years I have
about like over 40 million views 40
million girlfriend during sex if she's
just she's going down on you and it's
just not it's not she's not doing much
and some girls you know they're
inexperienced they don't know do you I
mean is it just something you believe
the Hollywood la area I get to go home
I'm super sleepy it was a super long day
got a lot done couple interviews buy
some clothes for you
watch some circus performers so now it's
time to go home go to sleep thanks for
watching have a great night the Royal
penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
