okay walking with my mom to the
restaurant because we don't have any
cars and I gotta go deliver some Thai
food because none of our waitresses
showed up and oh yeah and then don't
lose it Paul among mile out yeah okay so
yeah good morning so what happened was
for some reason the waitresses at the
restaurant both Jane and my cousin did
it show up today I think it was James
day to serve so we have no nobody at the
restaurant serving so my dad had to go
and serve the customers in her place so
we have no one to deliver the food
coming out there so which is why I'm
taking the time to deliver some food
right now so I'm a she i know my naked
like super dry my neck it's super a she
but um you know just gotta gotta help
the fambam you gnomes and luckily i
don't i don't have class so later yeah
well yeah let me now i know well i may
Allah might even welcome did I man you
know so you don't show it yeah smile
meerut cuz uh I gotta meet up with a
counselor cuz it's time to register for
next semester's classes so that's what
we're doing yeah so once again gotta get
some test your lotion action cuz I'm
super a she right now my neck is
ridiculously ashing and grade is gross
mmm that's what I'm talking about that's
what the fuck I'm talking about for the
white kind too mmm fill me fill myself
so I look cool cuz I look cool rings you
got done p bridges gotta pee hahaha
Ricky's gotta pee
there's no mirrors in this target so I
just want to see how this beanie looks
so stupid hey question is this hat cool
is this doable I'm trying to figure it
out let me know cuz I don't know yes
over here computer are you got onesies
it's owned by one right now jumping
just I way
all right we're gonna see what my
parents think about the onesie now I
wouldn't make a whole video about it
it's like I did my whole underwear video
but Me Peter Eric gotta we're gonna work
on a better video for the onesies
because we all got they don't care it ok
now that I have the the bluetooth that
goes throughout my whole car sometimes
when I'm driving instead of just
listening to music I'll just listen to
old voicemails from from Peter and Eric
or whoever left me funny voice mails in
the past like like this one right here
from Peter and this message to eat fresh
heaven save press nine more options
goodness gracious what a long day i'm
finally back home after school and
eating a subway sandwich me and Rick
which on the figure the keyboard out and
hooking it up to my laptop and you know
just everything um look I bought my
onesie happy about that freakin um you
know now it's just time to get organized
man I got a lot of stuff to do tomorrow
I got two interviews tomorrow one with
current um the web media company they
put together the whole Fiesta move in
another interview with this chick named
queen bee she has her own little radio
show she does so uh should be a very
productive day as it always is you know
I'm saying stay grindin I stay moving
like a shark baby i can't i can't stop
moving or I die all right have a great
night everybody thanks for tuning in
peace and release rate in Spain love
peas cheese and ski yay the royal penis
is clean your highness Thank You King
shit
