here we are again filming more stuff for
the intro scene Eric except this time we
got people people at the school too
dangerous big which is funny we got some
spectators you can't we see behind glass
with it yeah yeah man just trying to get
this shit done already um yeah you're
gonna shit all over the place life so
Peters trying to figure out how to put
this light together right now so we can
do some green screen no idea what's
going on wow man I quit the stupid
musical is all right yeah but does it
look great Eric's trying to help it was
haired kid can we take out my stupid
here music whoa a quitter it I quit
yesterday man his Tim try to figure it
out figure something that a real man
trying to figure this out you know what
are you doing dude that boy is that a
Lego tip that is it go with that
chopsticks pretty that's the solution to
everything okay man
huh butter creative still try though the
frig is shady side goes that's goes
where the light goes should be the other
way yeah no it's not a black box a
softbox oh why did you tell me that
stupid well but you don't rip us to lose
a three dollars each do
yeah we're at the studio doing some
green screen for one of the shots it
doesn't hurt cuz you have longer hair
and house it's a house buddy no sitting
here in front of dennys waiting on a
feeding flow to get here with everybody
else that we were filming with this
morning it's gonna get some grub real
quick start the day off I mean I gets to
two middle the day off um yeah oh
nothing like a fresh haircut and a fresh
blow job from Ricky shut up just kidding
guys just kidding no haircut oh babe yes
we just got a haircut oh now I'm gonna
go clean the restaurant clean my bathtub
because it's really disgusting like
really disgusting yes groves done
because you know how the water comes all
the way up like so it just it and it
takes forever to drain so it gets a
little gucky around the side yucky man
no but I fixed it though it drains now
yeah it does just might think about my
shower guys a shower in the clock gets
clogged so the shit goes like all the
way up to my knees when I'm trying to
take a shower that's pretty gross man
she's scary haha yeah I got some
cleaning to do and um yeah ah time to
clean the bathroom I don't want to show
you there the inside there it's nasty
it's nasty
it's nasty and yeah I'm certainly speech
cuz I'm cleaning the bathroom but um
yeah I do this like literally like
proper like once a month yes I still
like doing it on time on busy man man
I'm saying doing YouTube videos making
music making movies um so now we clean
the bathroom and other kind of
cross-eyed oh but uh yeah yeah hey
YouTube stars do chores too guys haha so
i just got done cleaning the bathroom
now i'm gonna go clean the restaurant
kitchen so i can come back and eat
dinner with the fam I'm not gonna lie
man I mean I'm in a foul ass mood right
now i'm very irritated I'm not gonna say
why but I am so I'm gonna go scrub my
frustrations away and I'm a holler at
you guys later wait on the water weight
on the wet children way on the wall der
God going to trouble the water is it
racist that I sing songs from the
Underground Railroad as i scoped before
i really don't mean it to be like a
slavery thing I just you know there's
something about soulful songs that I
feel like singing while I clean wait on
the water children way down the water
they beat you with some uh oh my lord
lord lord lord I see glory oh my lord no
oh no noise
once again dinner with the family on
Monday night got some sushi here rasta
got a fish bone took young man too young
um some soup some rice no Rachel haha so
yeah okay so i finally started taking
stuff out of the box me Rick trying to
figure our new technologies out um um
I'm really I really I haven't read
anything yet but um it shouldn't be too
hard man I got this little they got
instruction manuals and everything so
just gotta you know read them and stuff
so and then I'll be cranking out tracks
like friggin d Pryde over here and I'm
saying every day every day's go to
schools to be the good boys everybody
say what's up everybody I'm blog TV say
what's up hey what's up hi hi hi hi hi
hi sup hi sup hi sup hi hi sup we got a
200 208 people in here right now um set
out some operators 71 a digital Ashmore
net diamond Alicia movie Micah Paul the
Asian Filch a sax player Jay Toby soap
and what's up Rick I'll just tell a blog
TV how much Rick see Rick doesn't have a
problem with regular cameras and we're
doing this stuff it's just this he
doesn't like this right here as I what's
it gonna take right now but look at the
new keyboard those over your hands okay
so here is so yeah so it was a really
really long day very up and down for me
um I'm just really sleepy I want to go
to bed we kind of got some shit set up
some stuff set up and I just gotta
install the software and um yeah I'm
gonna go to sleep goodnight thank you by
the royal penis is clean your high
Thank You King shit
