good morning so I'm going to pick a
brick so we can go finish the opening
scene for the musical and yeah should be
a fun fun fun filled day and you know
what I'm gonna do you know what I'm
gonna do
cuz I'm pretty sure that I have a sexy
thumbnail so for all you pervs out there
who get so pissed off and by the
misleading thumbnails and the titles
here's what I'm gonna do cuz I
sympathize for you okay I understand
I understand that you uh that you want
to see some tits and then you get pissed
off because you guys are your wieners in
your hand and you're ready to whack it
and junk I'm gonna put the time in in
the info of where the where the freaking
where the girl is
oh shit of where the girl is so you
don't even have to watch the whole thing
if you don't to watch the whole thing
alright so there you go I love you guys
two men then forgiving
nasty pervert haters out there I love
you guys too bro I appreciate the views
you know so I just picked up Rick every
candy idea that that we could fuck with
some people you can see yeah now we
really bout to get some shit done baby
grinding
I come to set put on the trip it's in
the room let's go Ricky
fine get that shit damn you's a sexy
chick a sexy bitch would you be mad if I
called you a sexy bitch no well if I
called you if I called you my bitch you
mad if I call you my bitch just my bitch
though not a bitch my bitch whatever man
what's going on man let the people know
so we're filming stuff hello she loves
them just not for people to see
cheerleaders you're the captain
yeah we'll represent represent woof woof
robot cheer go team yeah yeah yeah
guaranteed oh sit I'm not looking in a
mirror right now oh shit I missed
something cool delay in that mirror oh
man so it's the end of the day we're
kind of behind on our shots that we got
to get Sun to setting and we got to redo
some stuff and hide America oh he's shy
he's shy guys
there's Rick like me I'm Rick and cool
don't put that camera inside hey cut
that shit out cut that shit out I'm Rick
chillin dog as the Sun sets in Long
Beach we rap another day here at high
school sucks the musical Rick do you
thoughts shits long man yeah I'm here
all day for like two seconds of footage
mm-hmm mm-hmm
today was a slow day but um you know the
Sun set a little sooner than we said
soaked so then tomorrow morning got a
recent pizza right at the studio empty
empty girlfriend boxes
into a video with Angie Garcia and so I
gotta write some stuff for it tonight
but so yeah that's the day oh man what
no okay
Eric the Royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
