so uh is there day 2 of high school such
musical we're here Matt early I'm doing
my daily journal video journal daily
journal today I was setting up all the
extra and organize and everybody getting
set up here taking a break after doing
the first scene exciting movies baby
yo introduce yourself man yo somebody
was cheating yup four five six - where's
everybody at cabrillo high school yeah
high school no shadows everywhere though
yes yes here still filming this opening
song shot hello big male yeah no sweat
is that Bob look at all this city has to
carry around man working hard good thing
we're paying Oh dance it's all for the
love it's all for the love
we all do right now Eva
I read a lot about them it's my
character
oh nice video jealous I'm singing yes
does God look like James DeFranco that
his name is James Franco yes yes yeah
yeah
so what up it was a super long day I'm
sorry I didn't have my camera on for
more of the festivities but you know I
was busy man I was busy and I was tired
after filming everybody went to the
studio and Peter's mom made everybody
some spaghetti and some hot dogs and
whatnot and so yeah we have another long
day tomorrow not as long would another
long day we're finishing up the first
musical number and over everybody asking
this is a an hour and a half a
full-length feature musical that we're
doing this isn't just a video we're
putting on YouTube this is a full-length
thing how you're gonna see it you'll
definitely have a chance to see it
wherever you're at we're not exactly
sure exactly how yet but there's some
different things in the air you will
definitely get a chance to see it
wherever you are though
so yeah tomorrow another day I'm sleepy
man I knocked out for like three hours
earlier this evening and I don't even
take naps but um yeah it should be a
good day we're gonna finish up this
musical scene the opener tomorrow and Oh
big ups to Manny Pacquiao for winning
the fight I didn't see it cuz I was
asleep but um Big Ups to him and to all
the Filipino peoples I'm not Filipino
but and what thinks I am so hey Filipino
pride baby Big Ups to uh mr. chastity
for mentioning me and his that you to
expose video everyone's leaving me
comments I'm like I know I know I've
watched the video so yeah Big Ups to him
the second rule is do it on YouTube
oh love it just city may alright job
have a great night I might hit the
proverbial hey there good night the
Royal penis is clean your highness thank
you
King shit
