good morning everyone says they think
they see a dildo it's not a dildo guys
it's from Thailand Thai people are
freaks man you wonder why I'm so
disgusting and nasty and blunt it's Thai
people or freaks all of us all of us you
sit around a table with a bunch of old
Thai people
there's nothing but penis jokes and
vagina jokes all day man that's why I
get it it's in my blood
I can't help it well he's gross Vaseline
so here I am in the back of us to be
guys see guys it's not only Asians that
are bad drivers no actually that guy in
the truck is probably Asian anyways ah
this guy on fucker Becca's glad we're on
our way to meet dick Eric way to where
we're gonna shoot the opening scene of
high school Diddy and here with that
beautiful oh look guys and a super-ego
haha we're gonna do some magic some
blocking because we feel my first scene
tomorrow
so yeah over here at live Rick again the
I had made for her character and
unusable
Christmastime
maybe I want to buy a new hat do I want
a hat
mmm
it's over here and what kind of say the
city or do you know over here in
Monterey Park with you know this do
introduce yourself man Uncle Sam Ã©toile
my name's Bart but aka Uncle Sam just
kidding just kidding soon as you guys
probably seen them doing you know their
skits and stuff and their characters and
whatnot
yeah we got some stuff we're working on
in the future so look forward to that
all world domination gonna be crazy the
Asian world domination it's gonna be
crazy and Rick over here Guitar Center
finally getting my own setup and Mikey
never gonna keep poor so now now be
cranking out shit like every day every
day new tracks every day new mixtapes
every month I was honestly how dope
Skyler's right now ah be like okay I'm
up here at school I'm gonna do this like
spoken-word thing tonight
Yeah right now I'm not saying the story
here in the elevator and probably 500
great Rick here I randomly started
raining it's kind of crazy
yeah raining on the elevator
I'm gonna tell you later you could go
suck a now later alligator I'll see you
later
tippy tippy toe through the tulips my
garden
oh whatever whatever now
I just got out of the poetry lounge
thing how'd I do Rick it's cool that's
cool it's cool you know I started a
little bit on that stuff a little bit uh
you know that experience and frickin I
wasn't as good as this guy for sure at
the dawning of another struggle got her
weapon of choice against the threat
against the threat against the threat of
natural sizzling in the sink rinsing
with Perry a spoiling herself as a
father working Shawn Julie's a styling
mind in morning glory while Mary Tate
bangs the box Lauryn Hill box were the
dream but a reinterpreted retro special
in an average EDA Avril she never
reeling for that runway all right so I
just got done filming my last mission
for the Fiesta Movement this is well for
the blog and since a lot of you guys
have no idea what's going on and don't
pay attention to anything I've had this
car for six months for free free gas for
the Ford Fiesta Movement this Ford's
releasing these fiestas next year I've
been driving this car around for six
months and I have to do these monthly
missions okay so I just did my last
mission which means you know this is my
last month with the car and I'm gonna
drop off Rick go pick up your Liana get
some Dindin here at TGI Fridays really
honor to get some grub event
check it on the five because she's a
vegetarian and she believes in saving
animals huh
she talked guys up on the cameras on so
yeah if she if the camera weren't on she
using
I love the chickens and the pork system
the cows is and I don't eat them because
they're my friends with shrimp okay this
room still talk in Disney movies
all right so does a long day I need some
sleep so keyboard no penis toy there's a
kitty right so can I tell you guys
something real quick I was all ready to
UM to edit this vlog and edit this
mission and go to sleep and then oh and
then I saw that the most recent episode
of America's Next Top Model was on
YouTube and so so I watched it and
because you know that's my soul man I
can't lie I can't even love who keeps it
real who keeps the real enemy nobody and
yeah I just want to say that you know I
really wanted Jen to make it to the
final two but you know I'm happy for
Laura and I'm excited about the finale
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
