so what's up last night I went to sleep
and I was like damn gotta go to court
tomorrow and then I woke up and I was
like veterans day baby so thank you
veterans now I can do some other shit
today like you know uh freaking eat this
duck noodle stuff so yes sir hola i'm
here with i'm here with tom he doesn't
wish always face shit but he's doing my
website timothy delaghetto commies
little rough draft will be up very very
soon with all types of interactive shit
you can do forums pictures everything
you could want that you don't already
get from me so look look forward to that
real soon real soon from here with the
super ego at his house we're going to
run over some lines for for high school
sucks the musical we both have scripts
scripts he has a highlighter and yeah
time to get cracking I feel man that
shit's fake guys it's just fake as the
Sun sets in southgate you can see my
fiesta and ego and I are rehearsing our
lines scripts on the floor because we
shoot our first seen on Friday it's a
big deal guys this musical is gonna be a
big freaking deal not only for me not
only for everybody not only for ego
known for Fiji flown on anything for
Ricky shucks or football shit before
America America so if you are an
American and you love your country
you're going to support this musical ok
ok ok
huh right here chickie exactly all right
stuck in Hollywood traffic on our way to
this to club level three right level 3
in Hollywood Hollywood to watch this
Ryan Leslie concert through myspace
right right Rick good show so for those
of you have never been to Hollywood or
California here you go light for you
then make sure I don't crash all right
so we're here Hollywood across the
street from amoeba music finally track
down the fucking a cozy barbecue Koki
I'm sorry Korean people kogi BBQ trust
you excited up yeah me neither no I'm
life am I about to get some tacos
hmm what's the order guys yes finally
got my Koji tacos I've been hunting for
these forever man and Rick never had
them before take a bite off no okay
Rick's not gonna take it back but we'll
let you know afterwards verdict
you're really annoyed I know
visibly annoyed by the flip cam
but it's like I'm breaking you off a
piece of the money dog delicious
delicious something here that I want I
so we're here at amoeba music pretty
pretty well known i don't know i love
this global but definitely well known in
a cali of being a staple in hollywood
for a spot to buy music oh celebrities
be coming here and sit and hello I've
been coming here what is my first time
here actually so yeah massive massive
spot survive ministry anything you could
want see they had exactly what I was
looking for perfect
so we're here kodak theatre in hollywood
hollywood highland long-ass line at
to watch Ryan with
night about the hopping in that line do
so yeah me might be fun
let's fill you up
free Brock Lesnar concert
because of my space
yeah yeah get it get that be buck yeah
nobody knows nobody who talked on the
phone that's funny okay let's have fun
work lydia paek america's best dance
crew senior everything
you
yes I come out
so we are now leaving level 3 after the
Ryan Leslie concert he was enough for
for too long but uh it was cool
so now we're going to go try to get some
Street hot dogs or something some type
of grub cuz I'm home trying to find the
car can't find the car we're in 3f ok
now I'm ashamed cuz my crotch itches
from having sex with all these bitches
something something something my eyes
willing behind cuz they always start to
cry some are old and living color for
you kc and jojo career
s 7 11 I couldn't get a street dog
because we weren't at the area where a
street dog was so I got a spicy I dogs
and living about to get down on some tea
yeah some home and i'm sleepy and I have
a long long day tomorrow so CP time good
night everybody ski dreams stay tuned
and yeah you know no no please no Rosie
or Donald oh okay Rosie the royal penis
is clean your highness Thank You King
shit
