good morning it's a beautiful day we
have a long day ahead of us first I
gotta go to class at one try and grab
some food and then after all my classes
on my head to the studio tonight with PT
flow trying to knock out this track that
I wrote for me and Andrew Garcia and
down yeah should be a good day I got a
new shirt on from hot topic but you
already saw the other day if you watch
these videos if you don't then I don't
know why you're looking at my face right
now maybe because i have a thumbnail of
a hot girl or something so i just left
the copy place just printed out the
whole script for the musical on or 16
pages high school sucks the musical son
so now turn my class i'm gonna you know
sit and go over lines in my head because
we just took the midterm so i mean i
don't need to pay attention anything oh
ok right you gotta introduce introduce
yourself hi I'm Lena and and say you
what I knew that you loved my videos I
love graphic video and I just I just
signed her shoot check it out all right
okay thank you thank you hey anybody
okay just got out of my video art class
and I was like super nervous man I was
all like my heart was like honk honk
Gazoo gum haha and her cuz you know this
is nerve-racking showing you know video
art stuff I supposed to youtube videos
you don't saying like it's a totally
different a different vibe you got to go
with you know but um they loved my
project so now I'm gonna see if PD flows
at the studio so we can finally do this
track ah man I just had a dope snack of
doritos bananas and cheese so yes sir
here at the studio fucking video yeah
here at the studio with Peter he has the
swine flu so I got the surgical mask on
don't fucking start rumors dude don't
start IV Peter that's why i flew he has
the herps out of the herpes oh I got my
eyes out so I had to cut you at leisure
cover my mouth because we deserve you
oh my dick alarm is not monetized a joke
that's the joke um but yeah tonight
we're gonna do a little video to tell
people to watch the doritos commercial
oh yeah go watch the doritos commercial
head I'm on your blog too yeah I'm doing
put the link up on your own your side I
push the link up on the I guess it's not
really a sidebar anymore since the HD at
the bottom bar bottom corner yeah and um
and then I'm gonna finally record that
Andrew Garcia song and we're going to go
over some storyboards I guess was like
sub-zero cool you know what I think
about your jokes bro you know what I
think about him they're tacky they're
tacky they're tacky but you know mines
are bro my jokes are on point I'm sharp
bro whatever whatever bro here's the dog
seriously sassydoggs esli um don't don't
maybe don't we call the feds go you're
the man bro Mike hi you man um I might
just delete this clip yeah you should
from my blog you should yeah you should
do it before oh yeah you should do it
because uh because because you're a fag
should do shit a damn good one yeah
I n lights off in history wherever you
are right here I here for sure
hiya hey stop shifted your fish you're
going right there about to do something
stupid dude go eat your ad out wake your
ass up your fitness recordings fucking
stop
foo Kim is recording right now the chip
set up my studio lights hey yeah or I
could just stop recording and see where
you're hiding yeah almost stopped
recording and see where he's hiding hey
why did you give up after I turn on all
the lies you're supposed to go in there
and I'm gonna come get you yo you al
you're so stupid name so Tim doesn't
even hide the camera I was trying to do
everything with dark except for the
capper I was like I was like I'm scared
oh my god I'm not scared of this is
annoying now maybe if I played with
something radioactive I get some
superpowers and you find me attractive I
need some steroids I'm not really that
strong and the only way I gotta post
videos on I can't fly but promise I
dress fly at least and I'm fantastic but
I can only stretch to my knees for real
what I gotta do to be your man next put
on some spandex and go pop some xanax
for you who run up in a blood kryptonite
scream out sup cuz i'm simon kryptonite
end up dead like Tales from the Crypt
tonight for one kissy girl you my
kryptonite paddle so there's Peter
mixing the song is recorded um but like
cans everywhere I don't drink beer but
these drugs did
and then we're gonna email that to
Andrew Garcia have him lay his heavenly
vocals on that shit and it will happen
selves I hid should be dope
alright saw it was a long and extremely
productive day I'm sleepy I'm hungry I'm
gonna eat this chicken salad wrap but i
got from famima and also i'm gonna get
naked and drink this naked drink these
blue balls with my blue balls so you
guys have a lovely night i'm gonna edit
this vlog and k the f 0 fees and skeet
dreams the royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
