good morning eating some breakfast
watching I Love Lucy reruns better than
better than Seinfeld better than Fresh
Prince even though you know I love The
Fresh Prince named funny show of all
time man if you don't love Lucy we came
in friends kids go watch some Lucy
reruns father DVDs because Lucille Ball
is a genius so just got done folding up
some laundry and doing my laundry and
folding of laundry and and then um did
my little project for my own video art
class and now I have to go clean the
restaurant like I do every Monday
because I'm the best son ever right dad
see best time ever
I'm the best son he's ever had
as always
chantarangsu Monday Sunday Funday check
this out check this out
I hope I don't hear you whine let us
feast because I'm feeling crabby but you
need to duck out of the way and you
wonder what has only subscribers funds
funds baby here at the of panaderia with
the novia getting some fun that's bread
that's bread guys you know over there
the net chatter yeah you guys want some
leg shake that's milk guys and
there's some pi√±atas affair if you guys
want some pinata
those are those are pinatas okay it's
getting there huh
what's that what's that you get now
where these huh you don't even know
she's grabbing him
all right about to start my blog TV so
just waiting for the people to get here
and then I'm gonna get on live live and
charge
and yeah that's my day guys pretty
boring day right you know a lot of
people are like dude looks like you
party in party every day and you you
seem so busy every day well today it was
one of those boring days so I hope you
enjoyed that and you didn't unsubscribe
the rest of the week is gonna be a super
busy week so I guess it's good that
today was a boring one because I have to
go to the Compton courthouse on
Wednesday for a ticket that I got when I
rolled through a stop sign and then I
have to oh and then Wednesday night I
got um freakin Ryan Leslie concert with
Rick cuz we're big Ryan Leslie fans and
let's see uh tomorrow I hit the studio
to record a song I wrote for me and
Andrew Garcia it's called mr. invisible
about a guy who was in love with Lois
Lane but you know she's in love with
Superman so you know mr. invisible it's
a superhero name cuz he wishes he had
superpowers and um so that should be
that should be dope and then Peter just
finished up that Doritos commercial
which we will be promoting and and
telling you guys to go watch it very
very soon and Yemen so on Thursday I got
to go through some spoken word for my
final fiesta mission so stay tuned kids
the rest of the week should be more
interesting not that this wasn't
interesting because I know you guys love
this shit too so I'm gonna say good
night to you all my peoples and I will
see you tomorrow the Royal penis is
clean your highness thank you Kings shit
