okay so I'm picking a brick and Rick had
this on his front yard today and put it
up so we can see the signature there hi
Tim wish granted
do three two three and chill five six to
turn around this is not for you Rick but
you're still cool
okay guys I appreciate it I really do
but stealing things from McDonald's and
then leaving them on Rick's front yard
and knowing where I am and knowing where
Eclipse is kinda creepy and even though
I really appreciate it and you know I
appreciate the love and you're doing
that for me let's not drop things off in
front of his house anymore you know
where the restaurant is just just leave
stuff in front the restaurant like like
you left the pumpkin all right thank you
here at Chipotle but to eat this giant
burrito
put like everything in there I still
good I just thought I'd show you my
burrito cuz I know you guys like this
stuff well the reload time how's that
brutal wait
hey oh yeah so I decided to stop by Hot
Topic and I saw this shirt that I think
I'm gonna get right now it's a sorry but
don't bite my style we're at the studio
and ready for Amina we're gonna have a
meeting to discuss our first day of
shooting next Friday
right there that's more sensitive what
make him uncomfortable okay
I'm here with tad of the a let me sit up
somebody no see my other chance
hey girl here no just kidding what's up
everybody
critics you guys let us see him on
YouTube we're not you know you me I
probably not we could with a edge with
the orange outfits
it's very cool oh those guys we're here
at the meeting not not not meeting or
doing anything Oh super ego you guys in
this guy um so yeah then this is uh this
is be a big productive meeting hey Tina
okay
and here we goes one of our camera guys
reading a magazine
yeah and drinking beer drinking beer
just everybody here on the set drinks
beer and this low get paid do if we you
know if we're getting paid so one of
these days what is this Peter won't be
the only one walk around with new shoes
I've seen biggest night I think you're
sure thanks man great garden not to
catch a robot I mean which me King the
YouTube types now I'm better now not I
put the the other shirt on I put my new
shirt on guys if I was cold replacing so
we now fully built robot suit that we're
doing that's me another hard part the
things like forty pounds so we don't
keep getting our guy in and out of that
suit so it's a fitting robot you should
get it in a couple of the guys so that's
Friday super chilled a long time eight
o'clock eat breakfast oh I have all my
stuff here like okay so these guys are
playing solos in the movie so Rick's
gonna shave their heads right now not a
huge deal but hey
exciting orbicular I will go back in
like a week oh man this is so awesome
this is how I found the Anna's gonna try
and imagine how Johnny's oh yeah don't
try to just go straight blue doesn't
just scream in the herds oh yeah
break out the weed whacker guys
yes
what else you have to say Connor it's
gonna be dope like that like the dope
laughs smoke carpe diem baby where's the
comb yeah Gabby didn't wipe your nose
I'm sure the receding hairline okay okay
we're coming through
hey wait a minute I'm a high school kid
man I mean who gives you know have you
seen her legs don't tongue at the camera
the perverted YouTube calls they don't
I have to put it on the daily blog Rick
you guys are a part of my life you're a
part of my life Rick deal with it yeah
okay guys we got a long and productive
day um dropped everybody off now I'm
gonna go to sleep
PD flow you want to say good night we
shoot next week guys I got I really
should look at this script the Royal
penis is clean your highness Thank You
King shit
