so I'm calling a teensy doesn't forget a
few words please say the purpose of your
call you can say things like password
reset internet tech support or check the
status of my order you guys are assholes
sorry I didn't catch that could you
think the reason for your call a
different way for example I have a
question about my bill I have a question
about you guys and assholes let's try
this another way
setup sorry please stay tech support or
press 1 order status or press to pick
out I'll help you
yeah there was supposed to be somebody
coming to to work on something today
they're supposed to come yesterday too
but nobody came and until I call then we
reschedule for today I'm just trying to
make sure someone's coming today today
shows us for tomorrow Wow for real yes
that's the second time you guys have
done this man they told me to wait all
day yesterday and I called yesterday and
nobody came and then they'd be scheduled
for today and then they said someone was
coming today and nobody came tomorrow
the planet that they Chicago the second
all day between I hate you guys this is
this is it was supposed to be on
Wednesday and nobody came and then I
called and then they scheduled for
Thursday or wait wait supposed to be for
the day before on Tuesday someone was
supposed to come yesterday and today
and I've been waiting to be waiting like
all day you know like I got shit to do
it you know interesting articles I could
send an escalation and over to the
dispensary let's work the window yeah do
what you get a good money so tell me why
AT&T dude has been here for like an hour
right it's not a figure shit out how to
set up my internet right and he can't
figure it out so now he's sitting on my
bed calling tech support I'll show you a
chicken okay so it's a beautiful day I
finally have my internet back so I feel
good
picking up ileana gonna get some grub
yes sir hey cutie
hey cutie
like your shirt
like ebooks
inappropriate
Dave day
because they Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave
horse hailey pooped
don't poop in my restroom you pooper
Taco Bell you got me on that one
how did you got me with a stick this is
super dark in here so where the
restaurant reshooting the Doritos thing
because the original one we did with too
long okay so I noticed some gay shit
right but I need an undershirt and I've
had this shirt since I was like like
like in first grade okay I used to paint
on it and it's the only shirt that never
the neck never get stressed you stretchy
so I wear it under like you know button
ups and stuff like that but the only
thing is like it's a half is a half
shirt you know and there's a cartoon
girl on the back I don't know if you can
see that her name's Cindy I drew that
when I was like eight or five or young
as a little kid but I'm about to head
out fish okay so that was basically a
whole bunch of random ass clips from the
past couple of days not even a whole
bunch a few Clips here and there but um
I hope now that I'm all caught up I can
get back on track with the vlogs also
just put up a video on my main channel
about penises
and you can also buy those loves key
piece of cheese t-shirts now links if
you ain't know and and thanks for
sticking with me through my whole
internet crisis love you guys have a
great night
don't forget to uh you know staying
drugs don't do school okay the royal
penis is clean your highness thank you
King shit
