what up party people so I just got back
from the doctor just to make sure I'm
all good you know I was telling her my
symptoms and whatnot I was like okay so
um should I be worried about swine flu
and all that she was like well judging
from your symptoms that you had sounds
like you already had it so just you know
stay away from everybody because
everybody's Jeremy and sick you know and
she's like you should be good I like for
sure dope so now I'm gonna eat this
Chinese chicken salad right here and
this lady's here teriyaki and go on
about my business wait for this guy to
come fix my internets
so I can get back to posting these every
day because I know you guys are feigning
all right
so I was sitting in my room all day
waiting for the internet guy to come but
income but I did get a package from the
UPS man and I think it's my laptop from
the HP contest that I won I won monkeys
that's money and a free laptop so let's
see let's check look guys I got a new
laptop yay yay cool gravy groovy baby
ooh check it out
welcome to your new HP computer so after
waiting around literally all day they
told me from 8 o'clock to 8 o'clock
right I called it there at 6:30 saying
hey if somebody gonna come to my house
or what and I literally talked to like
eight to ten different people ok first
chick tells me hey it says here your
appointment was for yesterday I'm like
that's I made my appointment
for today so she transfers me to
somebody who is a machine who hangs up
on me I'll call somebody else I call
back again and dude from st. Louis is
like well it seems like a free there
wasn't enough information properly
something-something blah blah blah blah
so basically nobody is coming today
which means I still don't have internet
and and and you guys are freaking and
people are tweeting at me where's the
daily vlogs and but yeah man
and I'm also on did not have internet
it's killing me man you know me my
freakin my livelihood is on the internet
man I feed off you guys in the comments
and everything you know it's like I'm
checking that like every two
minutes and now I don't know what to do
with myself but um so but on the bright
side I do have a funky new laptop which
is very very very very very dope
so right now I'm gonna drop by the
studio and upload yesterday's vlog leave
that uploading while I go to those art
lockers and film something for little
crazed and then me and Rick are gonna
hit up the the cozy barbecue truck which
is in Huntington Beach at nine o'clock
approximately it's 8:00 right now so
hate 18c cuz I am at the studio because
it's we're feeding the first thing we're
feeding 25 people so this is Gabbie but
I remember Robert Sayre she's the lead
in our musical high school sucks the
musical she's believe that's Gabby
remember we have we have Robert on
Friday so it's a trade just for him he's
really fat we're talking about food for
the for the all extras doesn't do that
chick slash secretary making phone calls
I had to come here to upload the video
because I don't have internet all right
dogs Alma I'm a bouncer now so yeah
next Friday and then the brother falling
grunting so listen okay what's the film
those things with this um Jack I did
with little crazed and wax Oh
like say gotta try and do this really
quick and then um hopefully catch the
coachee truck in full of him because I'm
stupid and
I looked at the wrong time in Huntington
so we missed the church yeah
behind the scenes Rick Rick will kiss
but to be what so we were really hungry
decided to just go to tell taco because
the Kogi truck was like low-key far not
super far but kind of far so kind of
disappointed actually rich never has
before
they're freaking delicious man my daddy
didn't think it would be worth it yeah
so it was a ridiculously uneventful
unproductive day waited all day for the
internet guy dude never came went to the
studio to upload yesterday's video and
something was wrong with the file like
half of the file got uploaded rushed
went to school to film something for
little crazy so I could send it to him
and then I realized I don't have the
adapter for the little memory card so I
couldn't even send it to him and then
drove all the way to Huntington Beach
for some koji tacos only to realize that
I read the text message wrong and we
were there too late and we didn't get
any Cody's how it goes so tomorrow is a
new day tonight I'm exhausted and
frustrated and sleepy and
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King
