hello what's up everybody so it's kind
of a crazy day because I haven't even
uploaded yesterday's blog yet and it's
like it's it's noon already because my
internet is down right now because we
did some shit with the phone so I don't
have internets right now so right now
I'm actually gonna go to the library to
upload this blog and then from yesterday
and then I'm going to and then I got to
go to this YouTube round table they
invited a bunch of the local youtuber
since a lot of us are in LA to get
together for this little like roundtable
discussion type thing so it should be
interesting it's going to be a crazy day
i have a midterm today to at seven so uh
yeah let's get this shit crackin hello
yeah so instead of going to the library
i decided to be easier to just stop by
yumi Ana's house use her laptop so I'll
shut up shut up whore shut up you filthy
whore shut okay so i decided to shoot
our computer uploaded from there
hopefully everything uploads okay and
there's no problems now i gotta fight my
way through traffic to santa monica so i
can make it this little YouTube
roundtable on
and what I mean even if I don't make it
on time who cares you know saying I'm
saying with the de la ghetto I'm so
pissed I was number 97 most subscribed
the other day and like like literally in
like two weeks I got bumped to number
100 it's a dog-eat-dog YouTube world son
over here in Santa Monica just got here
it's crazy foggy it was like I was on
the freeway and I went from super sunny
hot too crazy foggy cold right now ah
it's I'm about 10 minutes late for this
meeting hopefully they don't suspend my
account again that is gonna give them
sneaky sneaky Google
yeah I'm like yes they always try to
hold it down man I know it son over here
over here to corner and look all white
all white e right here i am in the
Google headquarters after the YouTube
meeting I'm leaving now but I'm gonna
steal one of these little
I got it guys I got it what up this is
lighting okay um dude freakin long after
day went from a YouTube roundtable
meeting to driving through an hour and a
half LA traffic getting to my midterm
taking syd into an hour art lecture and
then taking an hour and a half sa
question midterm luckily on the dopest
bullshitter of all time and luckily I
actually pay attention in this class
because i love that Professor because i
think i did pretty good on my test so
now um time to go home oh no probably
stop by Peter's house to try and upload
yesterday's vlog for you guys and then
um go home take a shower wacky and
freakin knock the f out son here at
Super Eagles house so I can upload yep
yesterday's vlog he's so shy you guys
wanna see super eagles pussy whip it out
dude hey it wasn't a second you get that
close ha fine fine
over the rainbow
so super ego has a really uh he has a
really sad bladder and you can't pee if
there's like there's people in the room
so I'm gonna leave him let him pee he's
gonna be in there for like five minutes
and it's even maybe now that I did that
okay so I'm gonna go ahead and start
editing today well yesterday uploads and
Eric put on 30 rock for us to watch so
um tomorrow what's tomorrow what oh okay
so tomorrow is Wednesday I got some
stuff to do and tomorrow hopefully I get
my internet back so then I can be doing
these on the schedule that you guys are
used to so you guys won't go all crazy I
got a bunch of comments on my page like
the royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
