I see me and my niggas we but they take
off and no I ain't talking about clean
book you want to see me like : ah you
look like you live in a Motorhome don't
know how to lead a home and all so yeah
also I'm back in traffic the 405 is
pretty stupid right now
so um God's got to have another one of
these traffic sucks and traffic traffic
talks traffic and traffic if the name
traffic wasn't retired so I figured I'd
use the whole Jake Jake Paul shit to
just talk about YouTube beef in general
cause like a lot of people got YouTube
beef YouTube be um but you know a lot of
that shit's like fabricated just reviews
you know like rice gonna build his
career off the diss tracks you know but
then like he ain't got no real beef with
nobody you seen excess on all set for
daddy show maybe she well I you know
like you see him they could just show
you put it out the next thing you know
they'll be kickin it with that person he
dissed in a vlog you know I'm saying
this all entertainment I got no beef
with rice gum I've never met him um like
weed the end on Twitter a bit but I've
never met him in real life but it's all
good I'm always happy to see another
Asian dude succeeding and thriving you
know I'm saying I'll never be mad at
that
there's definitely been people in the
past who have hit me honest I'm like yo
do you want to like start some beef so
we can get some YouTube you so we can
like do like you know diss tracks to
each other and rows each other I'm like
I don't know man that's not really my
thing you know like if I making a diss
track to somebody it's because we got
beef
you know and my everyday bro remix
wasn't meant to be a diss track towards
Jake Paul like I wasn't trying to roast
him honestly more than anything I wanted
to do that because I just wanted to show
these kids like bars like real bars
because I feel like there's just a lot
of a lot of YouTube rappers that that
get gassed up with like mad fire emojis
for like wack lyrics and I am and I and
the Golden Age of the YouTube rapper is
kind of dead now you know I'm saying
like there's no ciphers anymore and
people are like collaborating like we
used to but I wanted to not only remind
people that I can spit but I also wanted
to remind these kids what bar is a bar
you know I'm saying like cleverly
written well-delivered sheet because you
know I feel like the the bar for bars
has been lowered over the years like
admittedly kids don't really necessarily
listen to lyrics anymore now you know
it's more like the vibe yo you know I'm
just like I just like the vibe you know
like who really listens no one's really
listening to these new Kats lyrics
anymore you know I'm saying like for
example that's my little yacht II can
say she moved me like a cello and like
no one even thought to fucking correct
him on that it's funny as shit because
he he wrote he replied to that I was
like yo I did the lyric she blew me like
a cello I laid it down because I thought
a cello was a fucking you know one of
these instruments and and nobody he said
this he was like nobody thought to tell
me I was I was wrong but it didn't make
sense he's like I thought it sounded
cool I put it on the song everybody
heard it no-one said shit and I almost
feel like no one's listening like not
even the higher-ups they are not
listening to lyrics people give a shit
everyone's just listening to the vibes
you know no one's listening to lyrics
anymore which is why I wanted to bar out
you know I'm saying I like some kid was
like yo you only did a response
- Jake Paul so you could get some views
and I was like duh I just wanted to hop
in
spit some real bars on a beat and theme
that I knew would get a lot of views
because his video was going viral and
you know just to piggyback off of you
should I get some views broken us all
get some views and spit some bars that's
all I wanted to do bro you know I don't
know what he's dude I mean I don't know
Jake Paul I've met Logan a few times who
do you know saying he was nice and good
vibes us all love I mean and at the end
of the day Jake Pardo gave a shit about
my little track you know this man got
like 30 40 million views on that every
day bro shit he got 5 million
subscribers um really quick and he said
his song never done before you know I'm
saying you killing the game you making
money he don't give a shit about my
little diss track and it's not even a
diss track so I just launched this and
Bars say some clever shit like even the
shit that I said this sounds like I'm
clowning him was uh what stuff that I
had already stored in in like a little
like a little notebook let's say where I
say you cheesy like some provolone you
look like you live in a Motorhome I
don't know how to lead a hos alone so I
slapped the cheek like we home alone
that was all just shit that I thought
was some clever shit to say that I wrote
a long time ago the fact that he's like
white and there's like a trailer park
joke that could be made there with the
Motorhome shit that was just coincidence
you know saying but look man I'm not
knocking anybody's hustle if you want to
fake beef to get some views like do it I
mean I feel like people do that in
general I feel like a lot of the beefs
that we see in the media is fake just to
build some publicity publicity you know
because at the end of the day people
like beef people like diss tracks
that shit's fun it's more entertaining
than listening to an a regular ass rap
song it's fun to hear people insult each
other that's why while style is so fun
at the end of while and out you know we
like when other people insult each other
and then
it's put in in rap form it's like oh
this shit isn't as bad you know cause
like most of the shit these cats say
when you watch the rap battles like URL
or Kol CD they say the most vile shit to
each other shit that if you said in the
not battle someone will get like knocked
out bored you know I'm saying but since
you saying it in rhyme form it's like yo
it's all good it's all it's all it's all
part of it you know saying that's how it
is entertainment and for everybody that
saw the everyday of over you makes them
look like yo is traffic coming out of
retirement traffic is not coming out of
retirement
like the name traffic is retired
permanently what you saw in that video
was Timothy DeLaGhetto rapping and
Timothy DeLaGhetto will be working on a
new music project and coming with some
new bars very soon and and that's what's
coming up traffic is done like traffic
had his time and it's so it's all so
stupid referring to myself in third
person and fourth person I guess it's a
two fucking names but the traffic time
of my life is done my next project will
be the first music projects released
under Timothy DeLaGhetto
so that should be those so stay tuned
for that if you want to listen to old
traffic music of course you can go to
iTunes and look up traffic whose control
is a stoick classic album you can go to
a band can't go traffic band camp calm
for my last mixtape band like older
music yeah
oh my god this time
oh shit and speaking of Wow style and
rap battling make sure you watch the
season premiere of the all-new wild and
out June 29th Thursday 11:00 p.m. I do
believe chance the rapper episode super
dope check that out right now how you
feel about it this is my first time ever
give me some advice Nick
