so I'm here in the car with PD flow
forgot step down ring what an idiot
right dude I'm like I don't even leave
the house without my freakin step down
ring this asshole doesn't even have it
wait what
it's a step ring don't tell actually
it's a coupler if you want to get
technical with it don't talk to us like
we're stupid we all know what a frickin
steppin step ring flash coupler is oh
man dude directs a couple friggin
youtube videos this is the shit mr.
director pants over it
everybody's abducted on YouTube you can
mark it on your account when you sign up
and you can be a director I enjoy a week
today uh where he goes Peter setting up
this crazy Terminator camera for this
Doritos commercial that will gonna win
three million dollars but with
so Peter went and bought a whole bunch
of different car parts and attached it
to his camera
you got an alternator down alternator on
there alternated an alternator
see this thing eliminates the pimples
because we have a lot of pimples this
part eliminates my Asian because I have
a lot of Asian no we can't eliminate too
much and this whole section is the DJ
inator which we use on all of our movies
which is why you know hey guys
Rick reaches a thousand Twitter
followers he's gonna post new digs right
it's real official baby yeah
here at Alondra hot wings eating some
hot wings before we get back to students
at this studio
feasting like kings cuz we're kings at
peace
getting that ass handed some more
finished our feast these things these
things nothing more bones that
and
here at the studio this Conor kind of
say what's up what's up video works in
the studio - we excited check this bag
of Doritos check this out man it's an
'unless bag of Doritos 'unless give me
some of that
I don't know bag of Doritos check this
out man we call that game scare guy with
the horse game check this out man
endless bag of dude so since I have the
Kanye cut still mystery toes commercial
I got it
put on some wigs thinking like this okay
that's cool oh then we got my hair oh
yeah would you get away from Rick good
hair I will you say you were Rick
I'm real really yeah ladies ladies it's
real right here come get you a chain so
now that I got emo here I'll probably
now I can get like a million subscribers
because you know freakish a Dawson has
emo hair fred has long hair peter has
long hair but he doesn't have
subscribers because his hair is squiggly
and gross you gotta have straight Amoy
to get out of scrubbers on YouTube okay
so start off small
okay here the studio in the booth area
now about to record my verse that I
wrote for this forever remix Peter Rick
on the other side of the glass we're
trying to set the mic up right now but
it sounds all weird and huffily so we're
trying to get the levels right so that's
what we're doing
yo yo yo yo yo hey to stay lit oh don't
say bye-bye tonight tre I've got a
question can anybody answer it who got a
phone sicker than cannabis if he was
cancerous cameras gets a flashing with
him every single new fan I get granny
gets the panties wet seducing your
mother the family's flips I'm on a
mission to take each girl right as
strong a bin savage like Boy Meets World
jump on it like a pat cheese I'm
screaming out Geronimo Obama Flo if you
got bars and shutting them down
Guantanamo I speak the truth then that's
why you scared two MCS I'm me you see
I'm you squared my bars is too heavy I
don't need no muscles I put pride in my
and I'm talking about Russell my new
shit is too hot y'all do this the phony
it's mom to sick my flu shot we'll give
y'all dystonia and we all know that it
was a UH taking a back to the dinner
that Marty will fly so we're all done
for the night commercial did my verse
had some bonding time with the fellas
fellas yeah everyone's bonding time to
go home the Royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
