good morning I'm not a hundred percent
but I'm definitely getting there I feel
a lot better I got a I just kind of
rolled out of bed I gotta go deliver
some Thai food I'm hardcore bumming
right now
got some old ass dirty ass pumps on and
my pink panther pajamas in the house now
I'm gonna go deliver some Thai food but
yeah daylight savings time gave me extra
hours sleep which is dope
here we go time number one market hi
okay when he died okay ah Oh get video
yeah okay bye I walked into the door
delivering the food and she knew that I
had filmed there last time and she was
like where's your camera this time I
want to be recognized too um so I was
like oh okay I'll go grab the camera
that right there first strip club I ever
went to in my life back when it was
called the Flamingo strip club now it's
called the pair's gentlemen's club but
yeah that's when I was 18 and a long
time ago we passed a long time
yeah yo I thought I was feeling better
but it just kind of came into the back
of my eye like I feel like poo again um
as you can see I got the night wheel
right next to the bed tissues all up in
the trash can room is licking that extra
mess today I know it usually looks a
mess but it's looking a super mess today
but I'm gonna try and force myself to
hop in this shower and then and then go
to school for this midterm review but I
feel like poopy pants poop pooty-poo
all right shop here at school walking
towards my midterm review showing take
his shit but it's cool though I'm just
I'm coughing up everything you know I
just need one more day to cough
everything up and get it out of my
system and I'll be good forgive me
Father hanging this right now tell me to
remove you yep all right finally get out
of my review like three hours later
still don't feel too good but um I gotta
go I'm gonna get some food I really want
a grilled cheese sandwiches in tomato
soup I'm gonna go get Rick and then um
go get whatever I need to go film at the
studio right now with Peter and
then we're gonna go knock it out baby so
just got off the phone with Peter I
guess we're not going to the studio
right right now to film he just told me
that he needs to see what's up with some
paperwork or some shit and then he's
gonna call me and let me know what's up
so I'm gonna go grab this grilled cheese
sandwich and this tomato soup like I
wanted and hopefully everything gets
done tonight we'll see what happens okay
finally home but the IGAs grilled cheese
and tomato suits that I wanted from
Vijay's parents over here eating Thai
food
give him a dirty look eat okay everybody
get in my face angle okay everybody so
I'm totally stuffed after eating my
grilled cheese and my tomato soup just
got off the phone PD flow he says he has
like a shitload of paperwork to fill out
for tomorrow's meeting he has me
tomorrow and he asked me if I still want
to record but I was like I guess my
voice is still kind of man and I don't
feel good and I still have to polish up
my verse for the track it's a it's a
forever remix with deep pride I'm trying
I'm trying to do that ad proud homie I
know you're watching this I'm trying to
I'm trying to I'm trying to get this
shit to you quick um and um so I guess
tonight I'm just gonna recuperate chill
make sure I'm a hundred percent I should
probably clean this room up cuz look
this is filthy man look I'm living in
filth this is probably why I'm so sick
man she's gross right yuck yeah oh and
for everybody asking why I have Vaseline
on my desk
you're probably new to my channel or
just new to me in general but okay first
of all it's not for dirty reasons
because Matt Vaseline is way too thick
to masturbate with okay a like the
cleanup it takes forever all right and
secondly you're not supposed to use
Vaseline for sexual lubricant because
it's way too thick and like so it stays
on the girl's vagina so it's like or you
know it stays there so the moisture like
that gives like the higher possibility
of bacteria growing there which could
cause her to get a yeast infection like
increases the chances of her getting
yeast infection so you're not supposed
to use that swing for sexual lubricant
so y'all don't even know what you're
talking about when you're making dirty
jokes about that shit I use the best
lien for my lips because my lips get dry
so that's why I have Vaseline on my
that's because it's right here I don't
have my computer all the time filthy
McNasty so here's a little bit of tidbit
of information for you ladies out there
is that um when a guy's balls are saggy
it's because his body temperature is
really hot and the balls like to stay
kind of cool
so that's why when when you know when
it's a hot or like when the guy is sick
his balls are saggy but if it's like
really cold then the balls want to stay
kind of warm so that's why the balls
will cling to the body more you know I'm
saying and they'll stick to the body
because they like to you know they
adjust accordingly like right now my
balls were saggy
because I'm sick just so y'all know are
you seeing this what kind of racist
clothing brand is this man she no shirt
she so on a mat like this what do I do I
sit and listen to my own tracks so I can
remember some lyrics I try to write some
stuff buy some new stuff which is what
I'm working on right now cleaning my
room up a little bit you can't really
tell looking at the bed but believe me
it's a lot cleaner man I'm still not
done I'm gonna clean it up I promise I
haven't a Latin vest on for some reason
don't ask why I found it laying around
and I decided to put it on and now I'm
kind of comfortable so I'm not gonna
take it off okay by the Royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
