what is up party people waking up
recuperating trying to get healthier
laying in bed and I looked up and I saw
a freaking rainbow on my ceiling I don't
know if that's coming out or not but
yeah it's a rainbow man coming what
seems to be coming out of my lamp and
it's all my ceiling which is kind of
cool you know it's like God waking you
up saying hey Tim hey Tim everything's
gonna be all right
well maybe it's God saying hey you're
really gay deal with it but I think it's
the first one check out what just came
in the mail check this out
love peace seed and cheese and yes you
will be able to buy this shirt very very
soon as soon as I figure out that as
soon as I know that the website is all
set up and ready to go I will give you a
link and you will be able to buy this
shirt all right yes sir all right guys
I'm gonna go buy some ink for my printer
and then I'm gonna figure out what to do
tonight for Halloween yeah so as you can
see Ilyana looks hot in her frickin
hippie costume but she doesn't want to
go out because she doesn't think she
looks whorish enough so we're trying to
find a different costume idea so you can
head out don't make why you gotta just
what you face when I got the camera on
its mouth lot of people like me from
that I'm still in the Kanye West outfit
I'm gonna pick up breaking a little bit
so we're back at you'll be Ana's house
because she didn't like her costume she
was wearing she's trying to be a hippie
chick but I was like do you want to go
back and change this here Taylor Swift
outfit I think that's what she's doing
I'm not too sure but she said yeah so
picked up Rick and now she's changing
and we're gonna head to this mansion
party and Downey I'm still kind of sick
but I'm okay it's gonna be all right
it's all for you know the celebration of
Halloween and Hallows Eve
the devil and Freemasons jay-z and all
that so Sochi before I got my anything
borrow you got the energy bottle got my
Hennessy bottle and got a microphone
this time I'll bet I'm gonna let you
finish got Rick microphone but uh but
yeah I'm gonna let you finish but
shaycarl has the best daily vlog of all
time of all time Halloween party
yeah
yes Otto video
a technique
everywhere does oh yeah
oh yeah rig having a blast
so if I just broke out drunk dude that
was definitely earlier and Wolverine
start fighting I think everybody ran
outside for the front and this is easy
to do here we'll be playing right now
and I'm like don't play my sim man at
7-eleven grabbing some after-party
delectables Ilyana no after-party
scratching her leg I'm sick as a dog
no I'm just kidding on this kid he's not
some good stuff for me
I can't you guys just get along man no
like I was saying good stuff trying to
grab some double cheeseburgers before I
had a whole but go to sleep long-ass
line at this McDonald's drive-through
it's the only 24-hour one that's close
by popo's popo's are all about tonight
all over the place oh yeah I don't know
if double cheeseburgers are good for
being sick but f it dawg I would get one
yeah I really want to steal this giant I
have coffee somewhere I need a double
cheeseburger and hold the lettuce I in
front side nose and you've done the
button let they got a whole bunch of
America just taking they wouldn't even
trip I used to steal signs from
fast-food place all the time they don't
care man this will be gone soon then
they get a new item in and it's like
whatever they just throw away anyway
look how big and glorious
alright y'all I am feasting on this meal
of Champions right now sending all these
nutrients into my sick body the Royal
penis is clean your highness Thank You
King shit
