what up party people I feel like shit
man like my throat is all phlegmy I got
that you know when you get that your
skin feels all sensitive like that's how
I feel man and I don't want to tell I
don't want to tell my parents that I'm
sick because you know and they they did
all my mom gets all water and you're
gonna get the swine flu and so of course
I'm trying to take a nap and since she
doesn't know I'm sick she wants me to
like run like 10 errands so I'm gonna
drop off some stuff at the restaurant I
didn't go buy some broccoli so well so
we're at the tropicana ranch market
gonna buy some broccoli way they got
limas on sale 33 pounds for 99 cents
they got some belated de pescado for 299
pounds all right guys I just pulled over
this cop it was going way too fast we're
gonna see what he has to say right now
now he's playing I'm at the bank money
deposit cheque que debe so buddy bank
ATM parking Oh ahaha Vale back home
after running errands my booty itches hi
there so I crawled out of bed and I'm on
my way to ileana's house we're gonna go
get some dinner with her fam for her
birthday these girls man celebrate their
birthday for like a month okay green
light destiny no that's mean oh girl
what's up look at the camera look at the
camera hey miss me you miss me you miss
me you miss me huh huh huh hi missed you
too what's up destiny you good huh you
good heaven hey
destiny you are crazy you are crazy I'm
at this mexican food place for Leon's
birthday you can hear the mariachi music
in the background I just want to show
you guys how dope this is there's ice in
the urinal dumb got to melt right now
with my hot hot p so do so don't ask me
why there was ice layer and all that my
idea I just want to point out how cool
my freaking designs look under my hat
okay
yeah Swiper walk along my bar chord mi I
know okay oh I line with home Kip Kip to
Miami meal cadogan on give to my hey
tingle imma give me yeah yeah yucky so
yeah man Here I am still trying to
recuperate um just had some ceviche and
some soup at this mexican spot with my
chick and her fam for her birthday for
her cumpleanos as they say in those
parts of the world and so now i'm gonna
get some rest and i'm trying to recoup
and I was supposed to do a video with
lydia paek today but it didn't happen
because you know I feel like shit and
she has some shit to do so look for a
new video for me and her sometime this
week and uh yeah man uh you know much I
get some sleep but I kind of have
trouble sleeping sometimes I don't know
how I'm gonna know please sir no don't
put that there no no that's nothing know
that that that's what is exit only sirna
the the royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
