okay what it is party people um I am
about to go pick up Ileana get some grub
with her for her birthday and then uh
you know get her nails done or whatever
you know you know I'm saying little
birthday present yeah I'm saying got my
walle t-shirt on Wiley so come along
come along
happy birthday how do you feel it's your
birthday day oh they know you're
freaking golden girl over here
everybody likes Chris Tucker you know
what you know when we first started
going out I almost broke up with her
because she didn't like rush hour no
it's funny
Ilyana get her nose and get her nails
did my cousin my mom
yes and that stuff she put a mask on
just cuz my dress when his Mexican
doesn't mean she's gonna be wanting to
that's all fuck them
now she's looking at me hi
hi hi
oh look at me I'm getting my nails done
it's my birthday squish your head squish
in your head in your hair yo what up
here we are we're not hit we but here I
am here I are getting ready to leave in
a little bit to go to this club a lot of
you guys saw my costume and we're like
and we're like hey you know you should
really put on a vest or you should
really you know get that Kanye swag out
and you know put on a little some shit
or put on some easy that's like yo look
this is what I was going for I was going
for VMAs night Kanye VMAs that no vest
no Yeezys just the hair and imma let you
finish that's all I'm going for see you
now at the party
chances are this video will not be up
when you wake up in the morning but it
will be up in the later afternoon
because it's 4:00 a.m. and back from the
club back from having a good time you
know I didn't get a lot of footage
tonight because I was partying so I
apologize for that but I hope you all
had a safe Thursday and and I'm gonna
say this it was a fun time Ilyana look
hot think I'm getting sick
sucks but um yeah yeah the Royal penis
is clean your highness Thank You King
shit
