good morning party people today the day
that I'm gonna get my hair cut
like like Kanye West at the Video Music
Awards because that's my Halloween
costume and I know a lot of people are
doing the Kanye West costume but not a
lot of people are doing the designs like
me homie and that's one of the perks of
not having a job anymore is that you can
do you you don't have to look
professional I'm saying so I'm about to
pick up Rick
pick up Ileana cuz she wants to go to
and we're gonna head to the Rosewood
barber shop in Bellflower and yeah my
dad might be kind of upset about this
haircut but you know hey it's Halloween
man
like anyway
exactly I've been here for a little bit
and now finally got my tiny wet hair to
close a barber shop Halloween you know
and with a lot of people gonna have the
kind of costume but not everybody don't
have so uh just finish my cut get the
air the Kanye kind the kind you cut the
con you can't cut cut
take that out with a worth it we'll see
that's definitely no I think that look
on my dad's face it's gonna make it
worry do you like of it yeah you don't
like it you like a Rick it's my costume
what's up here a guitar center even
awesome equipment possibly stuff I might
want to pick up in the new future in
say what that bro what's your name your
what do you Jude you're sure what's up
dude and you watched my videos cool man
thanks
dude you're sick bro appreciate it man
well what life we go to oh gee how you
guys sure man cool who will grade you in
okay cool dude but thanks for watching
so fine we have to stop being all jeans
fit right and look right I decided to go
with these they were like real cheap too
so it's like it's cool I didn't have to
buy no like true I know Roger Republic
so nothing like that just B's which will
go with the Kanye fit so mission
accomplished
yo so after all that I thought I found
my genes and then I like I was walking
around I found some better ones because
those ones were way too big before I got
these and I exchanged them like right
now yeah yeah but it's all good though
alright peace just left my super super
super boring class the most boring his
class of the whole college experience of
here but um oh great someone's behind me
and they see me talking to myself
great are you trying to kill me you guys
supposed to try to kill me
this was the guy that was following me
never trust a guy with a rolly backpack
ever walk my words guys here at the
restaurant after a long day of haircuts
and school you want to see my Kanye West
get close that wasn't as exciting as I
thought it was gonna be okay so I
finally got my whole outfit together for
this kind of us costume and I figured
I'd give you guys my vlog people I mean
I'm gonna do like a real video for it
but I figured I'd give the vlog people
and exclusive since you guys actually
watch enough to care about the regular
life shit so yeah yeah you know I'm
gonna let you finish I'm gonna do I like
to draw a little goatee on here of all
time all time I'm working on my all time
working on it and then you don't got the
jeez I'm gonna get to eat the whole fish
the full fit Oh darkness darkness
darkness okay that's the whole fit man I
don't know if you can see that I didn't
want to go with Tim's because you know
my my my jeans are too slim for some for
some Tim's and so I just got these right
here the shoes you saw me buy a proper
the other day if you follow the regular
vlogs and then you know a little black
button up and then the
cup of course you can see that but hey
Oh Tom now I got to think of a video
idea to do alright so uh I think I think
that will be all for tonight Kanye Kanye
Oh Tom all right have a good night
peace peace oh yeah man and I almost
forgot if you reside in the Long Beach
area and you got nothing to do tomorrow
night come through the club Sevilla in
Long Beach SCV I ll a to celebrate
Eliana's birthday its costume party I'm
gonna be Kanye West it out she's gonna
be Taylor Swift it out that's on on Pine
Street in downtown Long Beach come
through and if you come through say
legends at the door all right till then
have a pleasant tomorrow
have a great night sleep good night look
at my head the Royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
