what a party people we have a busy busy
day today I have a lot to get done I got
a rush and get some homework done before
1 o'clock and then I got to think of
some storyboard ideas to send the Peter
and then I got it like go return this
jacket at the mall and then I got class
until 6:45 and then I'm gonna go watch
this is it with that with Eric and Rick
so it should be a jam-packed day so much
time so little to do let's get cracking
so here's something for you random check
out what I found in front of my family's
restaurant this morning happy Halloween
Tim sorry for saying you suck and that's
from deuces 3 to 3 and chill 5 6 - damn
I'm kind of upset I thought I had lotion
in the car but I don't you can't really
see this but my arm is ridiculously ashy
right now
ok that is all I'm buying a cupcake to
help its eyes moon hey say hi what word
what what sorority reppin so so yeah ok
cupcake
delicious any wants to buy everything
I'm gonna buy one of everything right
now
anam you watch my videos i everybody
thanks
Thanks thank ya thank you
all right just got here and Cerritos
small came right from school to the mall
cuz me you got we got tickets Pierre
watch it it's cold sweetie I got shit
flying in my little Asian eyes and go
poop and go grab a bite to eat while
away our needs to get here yes sir that
dude just peed and didn't wash his hands
ego and shucks
Ricky stack and he go here we're
watching always do the head here at the
ball we love to watch this this is it
Michael Jackson this is it that is it my
mother get the food first the Michael
Jackson fanatics are all over although
the ability is crazy right now so we
just got done watching this is it so
dope Washington Mike Michael really was
the king man I'm frigging I was watching
I was sad I was like man I wish it was
back I missed them like freaking um
Michael was the best man I really uh huh
where's my car oh let's hope they're
well yeah
FFF the bull is man Michael is the king
like are you kids anybody anybody who
can't appreciate that you're lame yeah
that's what we say to that and if you're
Michael Jackson fan you need to go watch
that movie
alright guys time for me to get some
sleep I gotta wake up early tomorrow
get my Kanye West haircut from a
Halloween costume and that's the most
shit I need to do so uh hey have a great
night the Royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
