good morning about to get down on this
here sushi and it's fun oxtail pho that
my parents picked up from the
supermarket or Asian market or whatever
and don't mind that super asian music I
have in the background I'm about to
watch Kung Fu Panda so that's not just
me being a stereotype and listening to
the super asian music while I eat my
super asian food oh yeah good morning oh
my god no way save thirty percent on the
entire stock of the lauren conrad
collection hell yeah okay so i got this
dope drink right is called ROM ROM moon
a Japanese shit right check this out
it's so crazy man look you take out a
little thing here look if you get some
local swap on that hold on it as you see
the wall
we take this little handle thing here
wait I can't 00 take this here see
little ball watch this man you can get
on sagging outside
and the little ball is in their dope
right Matty pointless mm-hmm
but freaking fun and delicious taking
the fiesta for a little hand car wash
he's getting kind of dirty my fiestas
name is onyx and fasta de la ghetto omd
for short Rick play Metal Slug and um
yeah man getting a little wash wash wash
cuz you know I had all that stuff
spilled in the back oh shit i just
realized I'm matching with the carwash
guys I got some new earrings check it
out and yeah yeah Rick I'm put this
thing over the top
you here at a puppy store hey buddy hey
puppy today
I
remember
but
I don't know hey clubby hey bubby
hey hey come look at my camera so I can
get a cute screenshot for my video and
get a million views hey Brandi hey buddy
Hey Hey look over here hey hey UK
hearing through this last but hey I'm in
a glass cage of emotion
just got back from cleaning the
restaurant getting some stuff done here
chante the wrong sue monday funday whole
bunch of food grub mom hi mom dinner
time oh yeah look guys this is exciting
for me I have one of my videos from my
vlog channel on the most popular and I
have a video from my main channel also
on the most popular this is crazy i feel
like i'm shane dawson right now i can't
believe it okay well you know it's been
a couple weeks now so uh thank you to
everyone who has made this vlog channel
a a success I guess quote unquote and um
to everybody who's been pissed off at
the misleading the misleading thumbnails
so many people are so upset am I
misleading thumbnails talking about I'm
abusing YouTube come on man you're never
gonna find porn on YouTube anything
worth masturbating to is going to be on
you know on YouTube is gonna be gone
within the first 10 minutes anyways so
stop trying to find a nip slip on
youtube and you know and go to spankwire
go to you porn get your skeet on and
then come back and or ladies ladies I
know if you want to whack it you can you
can go ahead and go right to my channel
and whack it to some some of this right
here but um on that note you know got
another vlog to edit and also got some
homework to do and because I will be in
school tomorrow and then we're going to
watch we're gonna watch this is it so um
we're gonna watch this is it me Rick and
Eric are going to watch this is it so
thank you everyone who's been tuning in
let me show you my room a little bit of
course it's messy as always and I think
I'm gonna have some mochi take a shower
and knock the f out thank you have a
great night he dreams the royal penis is
clean your highness thank you k
shit
