good morning my dear students I feel
like shit man didn't get a lot of sleep
my eyes are like extra Asian right now
but um but I'm taking a break
run away to uh Hollywood to film so like
a shitload of skits with David's face
and jolly and keep them up a block so
should be long fun day yeah they're
getting some breakfast little fruit cart
she's getting some fruit starting the
day off right and I'm saying it's that
real sit
Rosi for real fruits right Rick somebody
thank you
yeah the apples that you can't bite into
introduce I'm about to get run over by a
car that's right right here great thank
you Bay Area what's your camera's
message get him out of here with that
all right all right all right all right
yo yeah what's up man no it's too late
it's too late well yeah we're here
beyond seas David space yo yo we here
behind the scenes Timbers on the camera
chef is in the house and this dude here
his name is I've named him up what did I
name him last time I forgot so his name
this week is gonna be Reginald residue
this is retinol and uh we behind she's
that David's face house which is that 42
and we here doing a skit with Dave and
Tim's in the house and everybody's in
the house we got now who are you let
them know everybody on YouTube who knows
my man I'm Jay Z standing and I'm John
oh and here comes Dave
and still the world it to do is ready to
do some very bodies the Popo completely
guys make their people not the black
Philadelphia Pennsylvania here in
Crenshaw today I didn't wear any red
over fucking boobs because it's crazy
out here but you know what man would
change base body Timothy DeLaGhetto a
cousin traffic you know how we do just
making another classic yes well Tim do a
favor
hey I just want to put this on record
that the Yankees will be to Philadelphia
Phillies know so well no Philadelphia no
Philadelphia will be the Yankee that's
gonna happen enough said touchdown with
some type of a finish for the Florida
Marlins have one of the best teams of
all like fabulous get ban remedy batter
up any those those can be good or
anywhere you think there's no point my
thing is this my thing is this
what are you scared of you scared that
people are not gonna buy your records
anymore because we lost the battle
oh wow I mean for some of those cats
like if Jamie Jamie kisses the
phenomenal battle rapper but if he
battles nobody that nobody got more to
win yeah yeah he he has more to lose cuz
if he loses will you forever you gotta
hear but this didn't stop talking about
how nice you are that nobody can find
we're doing it now yes so is it stop
talking about how nice you are and that
you can fuck you can beat everybody and
put it up and prove it that's all I'm
saying
so you know hip hop in Dannemora back
you did it with a battle for nothing no
man okay
yo people still take you to Korver joke
a passing fate may be a dream or hope
and I spot the week when I see all these
1000 subscriber staring at me yeah 10
feel I get away my nigga John Ali kick
it into Crenshaw in the fuckin alley
yeah
so y'all y'all need to get your people
in Raleigh subscribe and follow all us
you know so no homo I fuck with this
keep them up the block around sometimes
explicit I'm wicked like Ice Cube back
in 93 gonna grab the microphone and keep
it on point to see you now
yo I'm a pastor Mike Custer's beat is
ill don't traffic get on the fucking mic
I love it anywhere even from the white
cars cuz you know it's in the theme and
I got the nice bars and I'm pushed
anything man I got a gold Corolla
back at home hit me on the Motorola text
me cuz my plan is unlimited everybody
knows that when I Spit I'm so gifted I
got the holes on 70 flows I mess it up
man but I still keep going I feel so in
my skills on the beat everybody knows
that that's no I got your back Tim don't
worry bout it let me show you how I do
it cuz I've never doubted this your boy
for each dub you know the world that's
right go action go let me get it in more
time off the brain come on do it like I
said and I will remain at the top
that's why freestyle hip hop we got
three cats don't get bust with the shot
in your head left out the dead stop in
the head with these ten booms back it up
I bring it back just like the track and
show you how I do it cuz it comes right
and exact it's the end why abandon you
know I'm candid like a camera yes I'll
damaged up not amateur girl got a half's
never know when I bring it all back I'm
gonna have a job which we catch every
got a long reach
Philly Harlan and motherfucking Long
Beach which i think is what we got the
whole country of it this YouTube shit we
got the whole shit smothered so you
already know how we get slick yo if you
leaving the fucked up comment suck my
dick and I don't mean to be so fucking
mean but uh I'm a fat boy so I like
collard greens but uh off food back to
being a rule shouts out to all my people
who do what
do yo for real shots up to 19% cuz she
can get back I'm just playing not
truthful saying yo brother - yes 19%
everybody on the you to auto ladies on
the block please what about your two
bulls
everybody knows Tim I got my screw loose
I'm so crazy you can hit me on my
bluetooth in my ear hit behavior you
with the sound waves I come through man
find me in the brown cave I'm hiding
over there and Pakistan cuz I'm dropping
bombs on duels and they like Sam you the
man with the plan trying to take over
the world call me pinky and the brain
cuz I'm taking all the girls and I get
the brain for the pinky on the ring and
all the ladies come around Manges they
hear me sing they like the way I split
it like the way I go off the top and I'm
here with keep up the block Oh John
Holly oh my gee golly everybody keep the
nicest dollies with the brown eyes and
yeah I'm here with two brown guys and
you like the sound guys raise it up
buddy
well you tell your cats the truth yeah
I'm a rougher l NW ia niggas with
YouTube accounts this is the best damn
you to collective half man subscribe to
everybody which you witnessed in air
this is freestyle
alright yeah me my we just having fun to
spontaneity creativity so if you got a
fuck no comment go ahead leave and I'll
give a fuck still giving me a view cuz I
have it explicit written you know
because we just mission written right
now we're gonna make up we will make you
all pay or download the rinse when it's
ready alright it's a freestyle it's free
for you so make sure you subscribe to me
they like ghetto - yeah to me keep the
block and my nigga John Holly
that's how we do it job all right word
yeah I gotta go see my girl
we got David Spade sinister my name
would David space dammit yeah me make
that do the partner
alright we're done peace out y'all we
are the royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
