of course decided me to come additional
launches it towards new NBA live games
and it's correct
I just want you guys to know that what's
community Wow saying bitch yeah true
he doesn't want like a you I tell you
throw waste mine use realize get my life
that's incredibly untrue Uncle Mo it
feels like you just we have one right
behind quit a game or eight days there's
always a fantasy chicken in any case
think about how beautiful life is man
check it out
do keep up me right now you would buy go
I think you're funny like if you like
I'm dance how do you get money on the
car why you ever sizing like that like
it's a weird thing because all where I'm
from people to my foot if you like
ground from you know the whole time you
know say some different things I like
we're all like Louisiana but you know I
call Mike
man appreciated okay no people don't
movie anti-skate California now the dope
I know that my knowledge I've been there
I know the anatomical ages did you get
yeah
five
whereas that way I'll keep my foot I'm
sorry
fabula be small popping my diamond girl
right here we're in a flaw how long ago
that bro man for your sports work early
wait what's doing all right
oh shit so guys how you doing how you're
doing I'm okay thank you
sano-sama girl money has grown up and we
grew he did man I raised me blow the
budget without an example cuz of me he's
right right good citizen oh yes the
lovely people at kitayama on Japanese
restaurant in Newport Beach late in my
email DMS and were like hey man we're
down to comp a meal for you and the
homies if you want to come here and I
was like man I never turn down free food
so traditional Japanese style we sitting
on the ground but not really because
like if you get in there Benji's feet
you can actually like dangle your father
oh you're sitting on the playa Rick Rick
feet are actually dangling down there
doing what they want you to be right so
uh so they just brought out the first
platter of super fire sashimi platter
got the live Unni right there got some
yellow tail right here but here's the
thing sovan don't fuck with them raw
with rig don't traditionally fuck with
the wrong but he's gonna try some shit
tonight um I thought with all that shit
younger me I eat all this by either
everything so a lot of people are club
with the honey you know it's a weird
consistently I get it and KY we go far
with it
our personal child without it because
tomorrow you know whose letter V on
train bro yeah suddenly just like you're
eating a billion fish brain you know
this is 5 lakhs or motor to trim part
and induction
we aspire ya iodide yeah Christine what
is this discover some vegan fine lobster
mm-hmm Japanese help stone and I wrote
it Richard Falls busy messes up thank
you good sale don't enjoy my dinner and
oh my god Cindy's like these hooligans
Lauren is in what's that what's up with
a hey guys where do we watch this blog
yet we're doing how you always cheer we
shut about no damn but you got a better
little rig danila so so so yeah welcome
to cooking with Tim today we're going to
do some left over Thai food
sliders with what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna take this Hawaiian bread I got
this Hawaiian bread that's like cut
perfectly for sandwiches right I'm gonna
toast it a little bit all on down this
little crazy and with toasted bread a
little bit just by like doing that
that's how I'm toasted bread is that
that toast up a little bit you know I'm
saying get the look gonna get that
little you know put a little crisp on
there in on the sand this is how a real
man does it you know I'm saying it okay
now we had our bread toasted good to go
warmed up my Thai food in the microwave
we got some penang beats like a beef
curry i know it kind of looks kind of
gross right now but trust me that is
delicious
trust me daddy so it's gonna scoop so it
is here put that then
if you never have Penang before it's
basically like a spicy not too spicy
like beef curry you know I'm saying a
super bomb it's probably one of the
things I miss eating the most from my
family's restaurant from super - my mom
made some the other night and uh yeah
man I know it was kind of poopy brown
but trust me bro it's fucking delicious
alright so there it is mmm has a gang
beef Hawaiian bread slider leftover hmm
I saw me a shooting with this man Chien
always off yog she was alright earlier
oh man he was so hyper and now I think
the cameras she was all up in my ear
trying to seduce me sit anyways I'm over
his flower we bought this in a couple
videos yeah yeah yeah hello sugar
she's cute so back on set shooting some
more going raw today we got the boy
Mikey balls here my good man how are you
are you doing hey good this is a great
episode of beer you got some songs make
sure you buy Mikey balsa oops sock him
coming out nicest guy in town I can go
two feet I got new socks coming out he
has new songs coming out and what we got
in each other's booty holes today super
late guys super lit and we were talking
about how like me and Mikey we don't
grow hair on our actual balls just
around Rick though hairy balls oh he's
on the fuck nowhere else Oh tonight
you wanna hold you regret them a little
more more booze and whatever the fuck is
this win guest case or bow oh it's time
for the Royal penis is clean your
highness thank you
King shit
you
