do you watch it too much porn that's
what it is know what up good morning
everybody
got another jam-packed day you know drop
these boxes off and then I got this
comedy night thing I'm doing tonight so
I gotta organize my thoughts a little
bit I'm just gonna talk try and be funny
you know it's cuz he's a natural for me
you know Sam's so hilarious and I got it
from my daddy just let you guys know TJ
Max is now open and ironically enough to
your left is a rite aid I stole that
joke from somebody okay
Thai smile restaurant who's Jane welcome
to Thai smile
snotty ties mouth
hey order what do you eat to eat to me
Bob my leg oh there you go so I'm here
at the restaurant writing some jokes
down for tonight organizing my thoughts
a little bit
got me some Thai food this right here is
called a lab but it's a pronounced lar B
you get that with chicken pork or beef I
got the chicken laughs which is lap guy
and you know it's basically just ground
ground meat with some herbs and spice
and stuff spicy sour Bom Bom that was
one minute later one minute I'm not
exaggerating okay maybe a little bit yo
on my way to the comedy event after
playing - we look like an hour and a
half trying to be they couldn't beat it
I'm beating it before though okay we're
gonna make a move here son of a bitch I
got Rick in the back picking up ileana
right now on the way to the cell never
done stand-up before but you know we'll
see how it goes I mean people tell me
I'm funny and I should try stand-up Rick
I'm funny but huh Rick thinks I'm
hilarious so we'll see
introduce what's up Scott so Casey yeah
good man
good how's it feel good another side of
the camera we're doing the
behind-the-scenes but it's introduced
funny dude 2200 people do we have any of
I can't tell if we have any Filipinos
and audience do we have any could we
have any black people noddies hell no
why he moved many white people yeah okay
I love you guys too
it's all good you see right there it's
all good okay everyone everyone always
be some fool if you know cuz like cause
like I'm a cool agent like everybody
it's like just good just cause like I'm
cool and amazing everyone assumes I'm to
be I messed it up for every other agent
raised all time on time so like
everybody and they go word up represent
and they hear they feel like they might
get off I hope Delgado you know right so
uh let you guys know like yeah that
YouTube videos or whatever um like and
this is different for me you know saying
I've never really like come on stays to
be funny before I'm almost like you
don't cut the camera on it's not funny I
can rewind this food like your face yeah
just let you not prepared with this mind
just like I prepared for like my
midterms which means like I didn't
prepare at all I have a so funny someone
came up to me and they were like Oh in
flames like we gonna have to go they go
would you like to be on the show
whatever I was like oh cool perform cuz
I'm wrapping stuff soon and almost be
funny
oh damn all right I guess you know
playing and that's weird on the other
I mean I'm a funny dude in my life you
know but never like onstage you know and
like when you're a funny new people you
want to come up to you like like oh my
god you're funny thing II tell you joke
make me laugh I mean I'm in a bad movie
get man what why what I'm trying to eat
my sandwich I mean like that that's not
fair like if it's other talents oh you
wouldn't you wouldn't come up to them
like that you know saying like if you're
talking somebody like oh you can cut the
baby's sandwich thank you so much right
now
I'm so hungry babies that was please oh
by the way I got one is my shit oh okay
what series has been easy you know
saying like that's what I'm tryna turn a
red for the peoples you know so like hey
we can be cool - hey like like and of
course the biggest stereotypes for a
greasy though Chris Tavano oh yeah oh
yeah everybody said it's right right and
then that's true for me
stop fighting huh
I can't my best vana girl forget long
later duck I hate her so much
now he was funny yet you know what up
party people
I'm so mad right now because I just got
back from Club Sevilla in Long Beach and
cuz we went to go check it out after the
after the show cuz we're getting a
little bottle service next week free on
his birthday or whatever but um anyways
a whole bunch of stuff went down I left
my camera in my room and I'm so mad
because like I had I had fans run up to
me in the club recognizes me shoutouts
to Sonny and Danny from Rosemead who was
showing me mad love and and then we were
walking down the street and um two black
dudes one of them asked him for a
cigarette and then the other one was
like imma call God and do you mind if I
call God cuz I'm gonna tell him that I
found one of his angels and I was like
man why do I not have my camera right
now so I'm sorry that you guys missed
that but I promise you from now on this
thing's going everywhere with me when I
poop when I pee when I eat when I Skeets
everyone's unsubscribing right now have
a good day peace the Royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
