here's my dad reading reading the
comments on my videos what what uh what
uh what are some of those comments dad I
know I know someone hates was your sons
because because they think they're going
to Celia like naked girls and they see
you know seven minutes of my face and
they get upset so every Monday my mom
cooks dinner I don't go anywhere the
restaurant is closed and my mom cooks
dinner I'll make sure I give them a
night but you know spend a little
quality time with the fam mom's making
some fish apparently to forget seeing it
outside I think what the word is oh yeah
there you go
my dad's out here filleting this salmon
or what is it salmon without a glass of
wine that's right I'm gonna I'm gonna
take a shot of patron right now that's
what the young uns the young uns young
and drink patron dead never drinking
sure I've never never
oh so here's the fish the salmon you're
I'm so excited right now cuz my parents
went to Costco and bought a shitload of
floss I go through floss like like like
people with diarrhea go through toilet
paper man like I need to floss like
after every meal I just can't help it
it's just something I do
and and I'm hyped it's on the fluff so
now we do the Monday night ritual of
getting ready for blogtv making sure
webcams working properly I'm gonna do a
quick show tonight cuz then I got ahead
to Peter's house to work on some
storyboards for the movie oh yeah blog
TV for about an hour and you know well I
just talk and people find that
interesting for some reason but hey you
guys find this interesting for some
reason not I mean not that that's you
know not I mean shit I'm interesting so
you know so everybody on blogtv say
what's up to everybody on the on my
daily blogs I don't know hey hey what's
up what's up what's up okay you know
enough enough we got we got good crowd
tonight around 270 people that just like
I mean you know this shit's born to me
you know I'm saying but you you people
watch this shit every day so and this is
boring to me too
I don't know alright it's about 10:30
10:40 it into a PD Flo's house to meet
up with the homie that does some
storyboards and we're gonna work on some
storyboarding for the UM for the certain
scenes of the musical you know and we
are working on a musical by the way if
you didn't know a full-out musical it's
called high school sucks the musical
look for it it's gonna be hilarious here
we are in um PD Flo's late night movie
studio Doug storyboard guy yeah and and
and longtime after actor my credit card
is on screen guys what if he's doing the
storyboards for high school school right
there
it does look like
yeah yeah it's crazy kept jumbo jumbo
huggy um Fred and Fred oh yeah man
that's the only way to get views on
YouTube bro yeah not even got going on
here pretty cool yeah that's probably
gonna be one of us but just kind of our
main one is the cameras gonna be here
facing right here yeah dead-on and it'll
be there's gonna be a full shot so
you'll see the whole van and you'll be
able to see kinda like the back in the
streets and stuff like that and the
robots kind of leaving the dad's kind of
hanging out the window and Eric's about
to go and make this generator let's see
you know I don't know what it is man I'm
a good-looking guy and all your videos
like right now - cuz you always come in
my room when I'm like no it's the angles
man I always look super yo look with
this shit you always get all these
craters in my cheeks and like my
forehead looks extra like it's just a
camera man you always come in with my
hairs all messed up I got my
girlfriend's scrunchie there's always
missed up and like we got a stick with
only big cameras that way you can't see
pimples or gimme warning so I get my
make a person to put my shit on get my
wig on this is your warning from now on
bro every day from here on out I'm gonna
have this little thing filming
everything as long as it keeps showing
up on the most possible think of it to
be to be honest with you I'm sick of
doing well you don't even watch some dog
i watch this she really just say i watch
him every day my dad loves and says -
when I was like three of them today any
reasons the comments that he's like you
have a lot of mean comfortable I know
that's how it is he's like a lot of
people are hating on you and like it
happens that especially good especially
when I have a picture of Ileana as a
thumbnail and and people were quick and
it's eight minutes of me talking about
my life a lot of pissed-off horny people
are you know I still don't get why
people like think they're gonna watch
any type of like you think anything
that's even close to masturbation
material yeah well you know how it is
when you're like 13 14 dude you know I
used
masturbates alike like a Destiny's Child
music video or like or-or-or a tiny or
Christina Aguilera's dirty video or like
a clip of something that I rewind over
it I just did but just like a rabbit for
sure just for Jasmine who or Nala from
lying home oh my god supposedly when
they were trying to cover Michigan spot
hell yeah she was thick all right so
it's 1:00 a.m.
freaking hardcore working at blows house
we got a whole bunch done man this
musical is gonna be crazy crazy crazy
we got songs about boners oh yeah videos
too guys yeah I mean he works off that
shit I post links you guys don't read
informations and oh yeah oh it's YouTube
you can all read one last shipment of
Tyson I'll do you one myself if you want
to get those DVDs I get shit-faced
during the drunk commentary the drunk is
I've ever been in my life I swear to god
the drunken stuff ever been in my life
is captured on this yeah the movies
whatever the extras of comedy even even
even our regular commentaries hilarious
yeah and yeah man freaking look look
forward to some big we this project were
working on man it's a major freaking
project man we're putting a lot of work
into it and like before YouTube and
before everybody was a filmmaker we've
been making movies for like I joined
this cast movie thing like six years ago
man we were when we were goofy little
scene my eyes yeah that's that was my
segue
my Segway we should I'm putting up on
all movie we did she tell him put up
that old movie that that was my that was
my my skateboard freaking we have this
movie we did call Jason versus gonna be
the first movie I ever worked on with
him frickin six years ago we're seniors
in high schools Halloween movies
hilarious and I'm probably gonna put it
on my on my main account within the next
week or so so look for that oh and check
out this dope a storyboard so know
what's going on you guys get a look at
this and put your put a a like a caption
in the comments alright alright and on
that note I'm gonna peace out for
tonight
peace out the Royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
