everybody meet my cousin huh you to my
cousin everybody so tomorrow I'm going
bungee jumping what do you think that
hopefully hopefully so I was trying to
get some shit together for my next video
on my main channel check it out check it
out it's check out look who I got in the
new video hey guy no I don't think I'm
doing very well but I ran out of ink man
I need to print some more more people
out but I ran out of ink that's all
right now I'm gonna head to the Riggs
house get my hair cut I know it's still
sore but I like to be I'm going on this
bungee jump tomorrow and I really want
to be as aerodynamic as possible and
saying so okay say cheese cheese yeah
beautiful beautiful you okay never nyah
my party my strip club love come on
where no not allow an unfit card I will
I'm air we know they knew by so I'm here
at shade Allah Rick's a lot rich but to
get my little my little hair hairs cut
you give him just give me a little
before so you can see the magic that
this do works I'm saying after you want
to get hair from Riggs addresses on so
we're here Rick Rick butchered my my
head as you can see makes I'm getting
the good air so we gonna cut my hair as
I look so yeah you know cuz I like to I
like to look look sharp when I'm going
on five mile hikes jump into my death I
like to look good on my cap okay you
gotta pay for the face reconstructive
okay this is a funny anymore
so it's super
here in Long Beach for on Second Street
near the pier and whatnot the pier but
babe here I don't know oh my god yeah
it's funky and it was sunny like 20
minutes ago when I picked it up you know
it's just kind of creepy man
that wasn't scary
damn we gotta find a different place
babe here at a taco serve eating some
don't assault with a deadly weapon
assaulted attendee weapons shrimp tacos
and guacamole and a baby over there
chips fish tacos
these are girls we're here for me were
picking up some lunch for our giant
crazy hike tomorrow if you guys will
have lima you're missing out they got
all types of crazy shit over here these
are delicious
Kelpie cones so and then drop in be
honest she's a little nervous and scared
and sad that I'm jumping but it's okay I
told her God has a plan for me there's
no way he's gonna let me die right Rick
we went to state her brother's and stay
because Femina wasn't really doing it
for us but got some waters I've got a
whole bunch of sandwiches and so we're
ready to go baby a bungee jump let's
hike we're gonna have a slumber party
tonight we heister I'm not scared I'm
scared of nothing man except the deep
water cuz I'm not a very good swimmer
here for me no no where we had fresh and
easy trying to figure out if we need to
buy anything else
juice trail mix what - may have you
you don't actually that's all you homie
but it doesn't make any sense
no look at these things in there yeah
yeah loot looks lying flu no no they got
he got bird dog wait that doesn't make
where's the charley horse and where's
the breadbasket
where's the water on the knee oh wait
you know you play the game bird-brained
oh they got no ringing in the frog in
the throat the giggles what the fudge
it's my data space right there pulled
muscle time on their hands
what wait why would why would you have
to remove time on his hands
oh maybe or maybe he doesn't have enough
time on his hands
where is the water on the news mom I'm
tired it's a dumb shit lame
okay I know my sandwiched amongst a
backpack you lower the rival penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
