yo what up party people right now I am
on my way to the restaurant because I'm
meeting up with with rapper dumbfounded
we're gonna do some some luncheon and
some networking you know say you know
he's if you'll never heard of him he's a
Korean rapper big on the battle scene if
you watch Brian time battles dude as a
beast
what up Timothy DeLaGhetto here at Thai
smile restaurant my fans plays special
guest my scene alone grind time
WorldStarHipHop mr. Chu's Asian beaver
dumbfounded you don't stand and see
their Korean smile that Thai smile you
know it's chillin yes sir and I you know
get a little dinner doing some some
networking why actually all Asians just
know each other yeah actually my first
girlfriend ever was Tina Park Borean
chick you know my cousin really well
maybe I shoulda said her name oh yeah 99
so yeah you know just putting some
putting our minds together Shunta see
what we think kind of come up with here
like I wanted the battle but he didn't
want none of me so
you know I box like I don't want you
know let's just have lunch just have
lunch with the homies um fell down he
definitely got some crazy shit popping
up in the temperature saying that work
you build your relations is what it's
all about
you hooked me up with a copy of fun
we've done this part I'm new to right
now all right back from school just fix
up some picked up my dry cleaning from
UM from the dry cleaner guy who did not
want to be in my videos anymore here's
my face just in case you guys let's just
do this say it's like I'm talking to you
and I can see how much of my face is on
the screen instead of me just turning
camera alright well yeah you know I just
got back from school picked up my dry
cleaning
I heard 8:40 is gonna be at UH
at Club be too low tonight so I'm
probably gonna head up there and with
Erica Rick
alright man
fresh out the shower right now I'm gonna
do my Thursday night ritual of watching
America's Next Top Model that's been
uploaded on YouTube and after I'll watch
that I'm getting ready to go to the club
watch them eat 40 get hiking in a club
do a little bit of jerking do a little
bit of jerking off so yeah okay
what's good I'm about to go pick up Rick
and then pick up Eric and we're gonna go
watch a 48v - whoa it's a club in Long
Beach I'd like to be a little a little
extravagant you ever saying when I hit
the club I'm kind of looking like a like
a valley right now but you don't saying
as you can see got the kicks to match
and you know I like to stick out when
I'm at best when I'm at the club you
know it's a lot of people up there so
we're gonna go pick up the homies and
yeah hopefully I can bring my camera in
the club I don't think it is hey I want
please
probably got that meow food oh yes Eric
yeah Eric Z Z hey ah - bar Exams you
that hey hey CLE and Katie that I can
touch okay you know what
yeah exact enough it ah
superego taking them up teamed up some
tour of Italy Oh crazy pack everybody up
here is gonna watch p45
the line goes all the way back
concerts over probably gonna grab some
daddies what's TGI Fridays yeah
all right we are at Denny's before tea
times we got out
Eric superego solo you guys know him
getting some late night Denny's we leave
PD feel at home because you know he's
annoying the Royal penis is clean your
highness
Thank You King shit
