yo what up party people Timothy
DeLaGhetto here freakin um so they
started off kind of stupid um the the
Korean dry cleaner dude that was in vlog
number one my dad busted into my room
talking about we're not busting into my
room but he was like hey dad do Korean
dude was upset that I was in that I was
that he was on YouTube or whatever he
said apparently his homeboys his Korean
homies called him up but we're making
fun of him cuz he was in my video so I
had to take it down reupload but and
check this out I kid you not
yesterday I was in the mood for some
Raisinets right I'm like I hope these
don't make me break out because I
already got pimples and chocolate ends
to give me pimples and then look look
literally like half an hour after I ate
two shits man pimple right there I'm
such a beautiful day man freaking God
washed my car for me huh damn check this
out
bladder y'all ain't ready for that how
every show you guys just check this out
you ain't ready for this boom bye y'all
push start what it is man really wet
well I'm here at school see and this is
when the fake glasses come in handy
cover up that big-ass pimple with the
fake glasses holler now time to go get
this homework done it's really not an
eventful day man y'all uh I don't know
why you guys are watching this here
here's a plane that's pretty cool right
and you guys are bored now aren't you
I got to be entertaining his shit he's
really nothing going on though his class
school boy school boy rapper actor
writer internet sensation lover loving
son guru philosopher shit I'm saying
what's good man I waited till she turned
around to type some shit into the laptop
and I had to balance I couldn't take it
anymore
so I'm sorry they couldn't be more
eventful guys I'll get you city's boring
shits man
cuz I'm you know you see me on YouTube
and I'm hoppin around and I'm all active
and shit right but regular Tim is boring
I'm not funny in real life it's all an
act I got like ten riders right and all
my stuff you know I hire the dudes that
you know that write the script for
Shaytards and write all the shape write
all the sexy fills jokes you know saying
but uh I'm probably gonna grab but she
pull a burrito or something right now
and um I'll let you guys know if
anything exciting goes down oh my god
hope I don't get raped well maybe I hope
I do get raped no I wouldn't want to get
raped cuz even if it was like a chick
doing the raping you know any girl I'd
have to rape somebody isn't too much of
a looker she's probably really big to
like buff you no I'm saying if she could
hold me down right classical music
really affects me I'm saying I listen to
it on the way
relaxes me touches my heart listen
listen to this part here the violin
though speaking to my heart okay now
it's happy again
happy violin so I figure I stopped by my
family's restaurant tonight get a little
bite to eat I'm saying usually when I
come here um and it's like 9 o'clock
I'll come on close up some place
take out the trash you know I'm saying
this helped out a little bit know
ready
it's a video for for you to why you
don't you don't like being on camera I
know I can tell I want the money money
in the cool you see me taking out trash
here only real YouTube stars take our
trash you think KevJumba takes out trash
he won't take out on trash you think he
can take our chance they don't take our
trash man I take our trash now I'm just
glad I love you guys I love you guys
into plan I'd say you doesn't take out
trash Fred doesn't take out trash
what the buck what the bug that were you
taking our trash
Dave days big days tries to act like he
doesn't take our trash he takes out
trash though
so what up it's the it's the end of the
night for me and we'll take a shower and
then basically spend the rest of the
night writing to this finishing of my
verse for this remix that being a deep
rider working on along with some other
special guests come be hot you know
gotta make sure that the verse comes out
nice I don't want to get get get
renegade 'add you know by these dudes
I'm not gonna be the whole verse I'm not
gonna get why do you want line Aggie 1
arguing I um I'm addicted to women I
enjoy each girl riders strong I've been
savage like Boy Meets World get it right
a strong with Sean's name and then
Savage was Cory's name according to
Pender pointing to TGI Fridays it it was
it used to come on ABC good the Royal
penis is clean your highness Thank You
King shit
