what's good party people day two and
right now I'm going to deliver some food
for my family's restaurant Thai smile
restaurant it's in Paramount California
should check it out man it's like every
video every every v-log I'm perpetuating
another stereotype you know they're like
freaking a delivery boy Korean
drycleaners crazy Asian moms hey man
that's my life here we are
that's my restaurant oh shit
Thai smile restaurant I mean Paramount
California check it out delicious Thai
food
Thai food that
number one market right okay here we are
at the number one market making this
food delivery right here jumping off
this food
money that EU ban yeah oh no daddy Tong
Tong auntie LAN for the waitress is sick
or something
okay buttercup but fuck my hurry up and
buy and like and like all this crazy
Asian talk a crazy cent okay here at the
post office the freakin post office is
packed son but on a brighter note
starting to sprinkle in California which
is dope because it's been sunny and we
haven't had a lot of like rainy weather
maybe it's crazy how you get Sun all the
time you really get excited when you get
some gloom thoroughly enjoy especially
since I have all bunch of cool ass
jackets that I haven't got to wear yet
so hopefully this post office doesn't
take too long
trade
look Raymond
yay
is my window haha k kangaroo super duper
fly shit
so post office was good you guys she
Drake in there I was great man baby
you're my everything that's crazy way
here so it's raining it's a beautiful
day post office success some some lucky
lady got her chicken costume and on my
way to school I'm in school for bringing
one to seven today it's gonna be a bitch
but luckily the lady that I'm going to
for this art lecture talks about penises
and vaginas the whole time so which is
kind of cool so you know I like that
class and I'm saying trying to get this
age and location you feel me so I don't
know why I don't be rich and famous of
shit anyway it's a right away well
that's so the left is warming back it
gives us the surface appearances we see
she has quite a prescence there's a rope
to her and you get this large kind of
bulb that her head balances on this part
just sometimes been referred to as
Stuart lockers
as you can see from top to bottom it's
all graffiti it up in here and you know
it's all welcome cuz you know where art
students Nance what we do we do
taking up Iliana about to get some
dinner smile
gotta get some dinner right now I'm
Marie Callender's you wanted pie pump I
for dinner
the where we gonna get pie I thought I'd
press the stop button but I didn't yeah
I'll bet
hey you're good as long as you don't say
anything you will get away but there's
one church you'll be fine yeah you'll be
fine man hey yeah what's up hey I'm back
at CP care now so but uh they gave me
the VIP treatment as we're testing the
legs
I said
so yeah like I was saying fuck CPK right
babe
so it is one o'clock in the morning
dropped off avianna got some business to
attend to I'm here in PD Flo's room as
some of you may know we're working on a
musical Casio title yeah it's called
high school sucks the musical we've been
working on it for a long time now over
here over here and Peter called me up so
we got some shit we need to figure out
so you know it's today Tuesday or
Wednesday what's Wednesday morning one
o'clock gonna win
oh yeah it's Tuesday night um you know
but we got a grind meet him say rain
took it out but isn't it beautiful
though no seriously man it's so good to
hear rain outside my window yes soothing
it really is dude I get to worry about
dope Jackie oh you're so recording to
get what you get the way these dope beat
you like you known this guy since high
school this is what we do when we have
creative differences
high school sucks the musical baby
coming to a something new you real soon
look for that shit's gonna be dope early
2010 yeah good night the Royal penis is
clean your highness Thank You King shit
