hey I got a thang for you do anything
for ya
not even think hold up a bank to get
that branch on yeah
alright so I'm fine in New York on
Sunday was the mole Wilin out um but I
needed to knock out a little skit cuz I
heard my boy was in town
y'all might recognize him from a bunch
of shit yeah yeah yeah yeah boy a little
loose okay who the VA representative sir
the westside of Harlem we are here baby
hey all day all day I appreciate you
being in this little skipping I wrote
real quick appreciate you
of course dog of course of course we got
to do some subplot over here my shit as
usual and yeah man you know I'm just
livin life and shit got you out here
what is excuse me sir hey some real
genius man
a lot of gang was a gang shit all right
oh oh black pussy white pussy striped
pussy what a Rican over the 40 low fiery
one huh yeah she's gotta play the hole
was shout out to crumbs and whiskers out
here in Hollywood for letting me film
here and look for the skate coming real
soon well boy Leonard yeah follow him on
everything Oh usually to this wah-wah
yes sir
what's up y'all so here's the situation
right now if you watch the last vlog you
know me and Xie we're looking at a house
and as she came in specifically to check
that house out it's Super Bowl Sunday
right now and I'm actually I believed
she at the crib had her over to the
airport herself because I have a shoot
today for like a brand deal with Toyota
and they're shooting at this like house
in the Hollywood Hills and I think they
have rented out a house because I'm for
sure and some girls like bedroom right
now this is like my dressing room
they got my wardrobe right there but
then like over there is like a picture
of this girl with our family and friends
of ships I'm just trying to like not not
touch her shit I'm just like on my
laptop oh come on in I saw a monster for
the whole thing I'm shooting right now
with this man right here what's up bro
what I made they don't nobody walk you
know who took me out sound truck yeah
yeah you know people view people view
though he was crazy I don't even know
who lives here bro all I know is we all
up in his house I've been peeing in his
one of his kids toilets all day but I've
been keeping it clean you don't say I'm
about to vlog and she's all cranky right
now
but oh okay whoa
good morning I'm tired I left the suit
went home to pack took a shower went to
the airport flight was like 11:30 flew
to New York landed in New York around I
think like 7:00 a.m. 8:00 a.m.
gun car got to my hotel gonna take a
shower and now I got to go shoot the
openings Wilin out Brooklyn baby was
good we out here Wow Wow late but I just
need to take a shit and shower brush my
teeth
and I'm good to go bro Justina hey sis
she's sick of people making flat booty
jokes you learn you learn from those
Instagram model you gotta get low get
low no no I know how this pop in get it
get it okay
you got a hey get it it's if you can't
release against a black so you can't
really Steve like Justine I got the new
booty just see it with the new booty
okay and it's real Hey ha ha ohh oh my
god I wasn't ready any about it I'm not
gonna contribute to your currency
accumulating currency on YouTube Tim I'm
not getting my cut Oh Tim I'm getting
I'm naked
yes tim is the most brolic on the whole
football team I used to play okay I want
to make so many home runs right he's a
wide receiver I don't know why they put
him in that position but it's three home
runs a home run derby a lobster come on
you up let's see your moves Tim huh you
up let's see some of these moves see
what you got wait wait if we're gonna be
teammates turn around huh go get em
tiger
hit that pose baby hit that pose baby
hey watch gonna let you pack this here
give me the ball alright ready you ready
you ready you ready Billy
yeah
Chico runner
drumline more like dumb line well I get
you took everything
we're like bomb line oh my god right now
about to be ready right now
what is your shit
all right so it's a crazy three-episode
day
immanuel husband here he's crazy right
now he's super excited getting dressed
it's pandemonium back here in the
wardrobe area everybody's trying to pick
the outfits for the episodes fuck I hate
return you know the Wardrobe ladies are
hard at work making sure we look fresh
making sure we look cute
we got jerseys we got t-shirts we got a
fucking cardigans and coats jackets oh
wow I might have to know I'm not gonna
concede you can do that I'm trying to
get the pool game
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
