she got me a package she sent it to my
house I don't know what it is
she told me to blog it oh my oh my see
what it could be
Mia he's above yeah
that means me knife that means you have
a nice day I'm Superman
you said oh my oh my gosh my you alright
the word means explosion or bomb oh I
don't know anyway you can continue send
you her back
oh I know this is funny
oh do not do enough to them okay gonna
fill it up
yeah and slap it and it's a light oh I
can't I don't see the light I know I
know we had a plug it is fold up oh my
god oh my god means don't get excited
man I mean lid on okay oh did she wait
it's turn racism doesn't work oh my god
it's level not shit you know where I had
to do the spot as you good like a steady
cool thanks baby and I'm going to
backhanded catch thanks my love hmm
Oh if you take obvious changes of color
oh yeah
all three yeah so now when you select a
budget thing up here yes oh I just
though it's a super exciting day because
it's been a long time coming
one of my favorite people the og YouTube
world what's up Doug hey man you know
you've actually like YouTube doing five
years and warming well that will you
come with your 11th year this is my 11th
year oh sure dear shit man yeah I was
I'm young enough on YouTube to remember
watching Tim yeah we were actually will
do episode of Epic Meal Time back when
Thai smile with Tillis thing we're going
to do some sheer bless you some she has
a restaurant that we couldn't do it for
whatever is between the two of us were
just have no infrastructure were idiots
no fag now we're smart a long time
coming
guy named Tim are making it movie this
summer's called a long time coming
long Tim long Tim Kelly long Tim's
coming hey is that going in I'm sorry
yeah you think no no no it's all gone
those dumb no you got to see me and
hardly walking next to each other is
hilarious because he's like really tall
and I'm not yeah it makes me look like
getting muted unfuckable over the body
guard yeah Tim automatically looks like
smaller and better looking after me nah
but some girls dig the mutant yeah I
guess something like yours like a
fuckable you I feel like you're it
you're like you were just like manly man
you know I'm saying I'm like walking
next to you with my little pot oh my god
I think we're a couple
oh wow yeah for sure
that's why we're like getting burgers
Hollywood haha we were holding hands
doing that bit oh yeah we totally look
like yeah like I fuck you like unit for
a year you were gonna say bottom a
nozzle shit you you're the burly bear
father ha ha ha ha ha and I'm like
Timothy yeah take 2/3 wit okay Ranjan
yeah cool I'm soon I'm sitting with
Ollie right yeah and we're like you know
I'm like mostly hungry can we post mate
let's post me some food and he's like
he's like Mastro's is an option I'm like
bro what cuz national is like super
high-end steak spot like and if there's
anything I'm down a fuckin drop money on
its a bomb-ass steak so like what if
what do we get bro what do we got we got
the chef's cut ribeye who's like a big a
big a steak yeah bro we got the New York
cut of a small stick but it's the
Japanese a5 Wagyu all mines like the
highest grade beef and yes 185 bucks fat
and more in my country that's actually
in my country that's actually like 300
bucks bro
this is the sickest side I don't know
people might look like 33 bucks for
Nucky guys understand took a big bowl
they got the truffle in it I feel good
yes I'll go lobster mashed potatoes I'm
like yo we're adults we don't have kids
nah we could do sorry Santos Nagar oh
yeah the food is here so the Wagyu that
the super expensive steak is already
gone and we had that shit handled that
shit but uh oh yeah handle and - shit we
still got a giant fucking like was this
a rib eye I see I've got a golden
goodbye Jamie ah giant ribeye right here
we got the Alaskan crab yogi we got some
lobster mashed potatoes got some
scallops got the wild mushrooms it's lit
its lit and I know sometimes I do things
like I know I'm being a piece of shit
huh like I'm 31 years old
my beard is bleached I got like the
fanciest steakhouse
liver to me uh I like like in like a
delivery service and I'm enjoying it
with like a sugar-free monster energy
drink I guess it's just this is health
but also I was like totally gassing you
up and cheering you on like all these
decisions though and I'm saying so it's
like I feel like I'm on my game
you're gonna help too I'm there with you
brother oh and I'm not even mad mmm
oh damn my battery's about to die
battery back to back alright so I'm over
here Rick's house shooting a little
something something that he got going on
with some 360 shit Ricky's next level
right now
got a little Jenny Harris I love Jenny
What's Up Girl hi you are you dan how
you been
you might remember little Jenny from our
uh me a rig bit of skit caller what guys
think about when they trying to holler
at girls oh my god yo he's got to be the
biggest titties I've ever seen in my
life none oh wow they look natural to
look at them barrel you know what I
would do with them I tell you like
research online find out what's the best
support for her nothing cuz I hate when
they were abroad and then strapped like
digging into their shoulders and
apparently leaves a mark at the end of
the day that's not cool it's like walls
are designed for men instead of girls
you don't know a thing about the girls
like that it's a little Janie man didn't
just name the camera people like I don't
think you know already Gary uses blue
like are you missing something they're
both right so welcome to the casting
couch so um we from I'm from New Jersey
okay just turned 18 see see very cool
seventeen I said cancer speaking of the
casting couch rick has a casting couch
themed video up right now so Tom / yes
starza
stars our homegirl red so go check that
thing out and check her thing out yes
there's a sex in it yeah
listen I think you can tell how long
yeah
therefore the dance on my hand are you
can call me daddy cookie dough paint
again with the back can't see the camera
beware given what he says rather cut
already let me go figure this is how you
stiffen he did this is how you show that
you can do more dangerous me in Greek no
I know what the penny will you need to
go find your Energon yeah you want to
begin coming again we're marking
circular letters oh yeah one time you
know I'm ok I'll give God
I was oh all right
that's a lot of love of the hair I know
bro nice sink how many years is I like
to daily to keep it well you got here
mmm yeah exactly so I grew it out at
home no balls it you know yes I did it
everything that you can tell by how I'm
living yeah got there for the dance in
my hand now you can call me Kathy
Griffin don't be with the kids with the
wack ass teachers can not be forgiven
let me show you had to come correct let
me put my 15 seed in your siding fit for
beer this is how you sniffing heat this
is how you show that you can do more
dangerously ingredient knowing I know
it's offending you you need to go
fighting you're managing you want to be
king but you coming up source you remind
me of tyrion lanister the royal penis is
clean your highness
Thank You King shit
