oh here we go finally at time square
cam's uh you know it is nice i look at
that mcdonalds dude it's like big ass
for tom yam and it is fun band I've
never been before timothy delaghetto
here time square baby i want to eat code
I'm in New York trick and i think they
close off the whole street for something
there's like crowds of people here I
don't know why cool yeah adieu let's go
see phantom of the opera or wicked to
shake halls minutes ago see Pamela opera
tonight it's not on a sweater pods
though oh that's where yell is ok adder
and go yeah try to pull down my hat
let's go to you shank up I'm gonna come
outside and mortal King and shank you
and you want to say shank you because I
didn't want to promote violence on
YouTube it's ok youtube frowns upon
violence and fire and by N and good
videos yeah I true hey I got any too
easy tips if you ever want to get Bobby
on YouTube don't give a fuck just walk
around with cameras or sit in front of
them and don't put too much work out of
your video does your boy feet up your
voice or show your tits or speed up your
kid here's the thing and you're going to
speed help your tips that's why I'm so
many subscribers baby i'm fucking witty
i actually am NOT I'm gonna I'm gonna
break your whole shit right now but I
know I've seen you but I don't know yeah
it's ok ok well that's why we're here
exactly I mean you don't know who i am i
don't you you are why i don't know
dude I'm Timothy DeLaGhetto you know it
is into the common man this is a funny
guy I can't i'ma try to freestyle like
everything like a show must feel toto oh
yeah when tim is like yet oh brother
skin in yeah that was right there
showing a grand grand makes to the comic
Jimmy yeah i was gonna come again yeah
yeah word I like house how we do I had
to jump in with someone who I am 789
gathering she's crazy man like i did was
not expecting this many people i had
people uh I'd like some fans come up to
me whatever you know sign autographs
until fucking davedays showed up and
everybody mob his ass and I was like
well great now I'm standing around all
awkward and shit but yo fun man fun time
fun time with all these people man it's
crazy who'da thought it's a lot of
people watching on such a park like what
though fuck is going on who are these
people I'm looking around like who are
these people hey guys just got right
here
he doesn't know what's going on
right a shirt
but I can't talk I got a bright ass
right onto I let's cut the camera off
