good morning good morning I'm gonna show
you cheer right now she looks so bomb
good morning my love sign of course we
got to get down on some room service
mmm some huevos rancheros it looked
fucking bomb before I started eating it
Anna yeah some huevos scramble yes they
started the boyo tambien and we're here
the pateros Pateros con man la toast
toasty Cafe go and connect a choppa
vanish muhfucka mi novia to add a Su Su
Su
Polonia drop him
we're clean
where are your clothes there's no you're
on the 101 somebody's heart oh it's
probably go live Duval with it getting
mad now
then I get anything I want tonight baby
and I am disgusting is also beautiful
and gloomy day in Long Beach we decided
to go get some brunch at a new spot
called a breakfast bar we already ate
most of it but he surf and grits are
prior-year really had some meatloaf and
eggs which is also five years would you
get baby and I got some naked cakes it's
like full week thank you make it gay
they taste a little bit healthy but with
all this butter I'm putting on it's all
about balance you know yeah be ready
bacon well it's really big well baby
you're healthy I need to be like you
because I'm like going in right now and
I sit at the breakfast bar which happens
to be right next to this Travel Lodge
here in Long Beach guys here's a funny
story oK you've all heard the story of
when me and she had met and like I saw
her on a friend's Facebook and I saluted
her DMS and all that but a year before
that I actually physically met her for
the first time right here in this
parking lot when she was out here on a
road trip with her Canadian friends and
the girl that I saw her Facebook from
like our mutual friend I was just saying
what's up to her and I met you for the
first time so we all heard the story if
you actually watch the videos yeah and I
met her and she was sitting in a van she
was texting and I was like hey nice to
meet you and she like looked up from her
phone was like hey went back to her cell
phone and just totally like dismissed me
I don't know you're a stranger I was a
stranger and you had a boyfriend
strangers linked right she was still
with her man at the time you know it's
all good I get it I get it but then
eventually you know like a few months
later after they broke up she was like
hmm send me a little message on Facebook
you know saying thank you for me
so nice were you yeah I said tonight all
right
mmm I don't remember but we'll go back
and research later today fuzzy on the DS
but yeah I definitely remember like
night I can remember like an Rick was
there to recover Julia and after that we
met and we drove away then you have
message our friend and was just like
wait do you think that Rick is cute no
because you make that look 11 we we were
both like damn that little light-skinned
chick in the van like all again and
that's the one I've been telling telling
her homegirl that like y'all like she's
cute or whatever and Rick was like I
don't know she kind of gave me a she
gave me a look I don't know it was like
look so I messaged our mutual friend I
was like okay can you ask her who who
she would rather date in WA - not that
we're going to date but can you just ask
her who she would take it from between
me and Rick she said she was like she
was like what did you say I mean you
definitely told me it was like the Asian
I guess I was like keep it red yeah so I
ordered a bunch of Thai food we so we
ordered a bunch of Thai food and I
forgot to get rice but they forgot to
give me rice or something like that but
I warmed up some tortillas and some
Hawaiian bread that I may eat with this
Thai food right because you know if you
watch my ig stories or my snapchat
stories you know that I like to throw
everything in a sortie I like to throw
all my leftovers in a tortilla and let
me tell you it's pretty fired hold on so
I'm going to come to LA have fun
it's a little Thai food this is a some
Kapow that I order all the time so the
beef kapow ER some spicy beef nice to
get in I'm Sam mm-hmm a little stiff
shot with the spine makes everything
nice little bit spies make everything
nice here we go
mm-hmm you got that man yep mmm fire
you're my Wonderwall
are you going smart right number where
you going
somebody who knew who uh okay I can't
get in your user base
how does openness to KUKA travel Sweeney
base m-i-a m-i-a do you go ahead go
ahead cut the most like you like okay
girl oh I know you're still unhappy
breaking off his tour I can't take that
day but as much doubting you puffin just
gonna run our tragedy y'all go anymore
Ness caucus my try number where you
going
smart right number where you going
I'm with you I love are you boys it's
about right never are you yeah I'm with
you
ha
he loves their thank you
bro
Oh
I'll get you a good teacher goodness and
a hurry hey good-lookin citizen look we
can see also getting up
oh yeah okay Parvati oh so it's like
super early and I have to take cheese to
the airport now
she had looking like we part of the
rhythm nation you get that reference
I was like if I make this joke I know
most of my subscribers won't get it but
I was like what'd she get it it's like
it's a Janet Jackson album Rhythm Nation
she was like she wore like all black and
she had boots on and like very like
military vibe who knows man maybe we get
back maybe like my my bun will be gone
hmm
and maybe maybe I'm gonna shoot like one
more move on skit move on theme skit and
then I'm coming I might just cut the
mother fuck off
I know but no but baby just like you
know regular haircut maybe a little
pompadour or you know see okay would you
like it but you know man okay bye guys
this is the Royal penis clean your
highness thank you King shit tonight a
stripper pole gets critted with guests
jerry purpdrank and we mentioned there's
a stripper what
Wow
it's time for don't rock
you
