girl I can't help but stare when you
walk by and I like it when I see thighs
rubbing together and Georgia's so thick
that I want to take a Bible a big old
booty behind finally come and my fine ba
what - come on that booty girl please
give me a piece of that ass is what I
like to grasp with these fingers I'll do
it all day yeah baby believe I want you
all in I dick hot dog yes that's what I
want you a hot dog bun buns up on my
dick in the middle Bo buddies
it's what I love
I love your ass girl in that's true
freedom got big old booty yeah get oh I
wish rooms inside of you and side and a
: girl you rock mom who in a but that's
what I want so cold bad in a but don't
care if it's bullshit a lot of pad and
the but but I'll do you good
in the but in the Bob yeah that song was
the shit literally
