come on i rap while playing with these
buttons ok yeah yeah uh huh shake ya
shit now anybody in the room you can try
and push me but you just like this mask
right here you straight pussy and when
nature calls I hakone haters like I got
fur balls in a yes you know I am NOT a
quitter because I sit her on these cats
like it was some kitty litter Big Jim
yes you all up on my zipper and I take
your moms and then you know I straight
flip her and yes if you say so I am
heavenly scent like I got a halo but
it's okay though i'm not playing halo
like you nerds but you know i got the
bankroll so uh yo this is what I got cuz
I'm mechanical with my roms like a robot
and I am a flow back because it just
keeps coming like I was a computer and
you neither drum comin up and yes I
suppose I'm lying if I said I wasn't fly
seeing my nose that's why it's getting
bigger and I don't pull the trigger but
I don't really need to because I am
sicker than anybody it's like it's
obscene because I am so sick i think my
skin is turning green like like I was a
monster and just a him posture and uh oh
yes the flow is like off the chain I am
insane and uh oh these clothes are off
the brain and uh you know that I'm
coming out of sight and you can't
penetrate my armor like a knife uh uh
yes and I am snatching up your daughter
even if you are a king like King Arthur
and you know that I remain able to split
these three cells around this roundtable
and I got cable so I am NZ Landon victim
yes you should come and take my hand and
yo maybe i can see you soon because we
can go in fly to the moon because I'm
like an alien not
Gonzalez but I rep from LA to dallas
texas oh yes i think you need to check
this rhyme one time cuz it's sublime and
uh yes i am flattered because i keep the
flames in my hat like a lantern a
jack-o-lantern Anna you should go and
wait your turn cuz it yes I am jacking
off when i see courtney marie there is
no slacking off when I freestyle this is
so sick because i am audible eyebrow so
thick and I'm like yo yo yo I don't suck
cuz up when I wrapped it be like holy
fuck and they'd be like holy fuck oh
yeah Big Jim yes I know you like the
flow yeah and you come to my town and
your cloud be gray like these eyebrows
and uh yes you see me flow now I got
brown eyebrows like peavy flow uh speak
speaking of pd flow and I know that you
see his hairs like a hoe and it flows
like a main of things on a horse and you
know i got the freestyles going of
course mr my voice is kind of horse so I
cough once you meet I so no remorse and
uh yes you know you can drive slow if
you see me and big Rick with the afro
and you need to pick it out we need to
stick it out I keep my haters in my room
no need to kick him out yes yes and I am
not aware but I got the hair like a
freakin quinceanera uh yes like I was 15
but I still split those crazy lyrics
suits me when I go and the beat is got
to stop and uh I don't stop cuz
