so last if shooting put it finished by
Wednesday 10 doing paper airplanes for
the next thing you notice I'm wearing
they won't have a t-shirt and all I
character is a slightly innocent
character who is um give it a ring Oh
bitch so like I was saying wasn't wanna
see what the airplanes represent is a
loss of innocence a loss of innocence we
see me I'm struggling to find my way in
life right now what is mine what is my
way that I can i can go forth go forth
and find myself you know and eric's
character what he does is he smooches my
plane in other words swooshing my hopes
and dreams of going into the world and
finding myself so then I come back as
surprise and I find my vengeance on him
for for crushing me essentially bitch
look guys this is the plan that my dad
taught me to make yes I hate my dad the
royal penis is clean your highness Thank
You King shit
