question number three dear DeLaGhetto
I'm a junior in high school I had two
boyfriends I've never been with a guy
for over a month this is bugging me
because I want to have a long-term
relationship but I always lose feelings
for the guy every time they try to make
a move my normal reactions are to avoid
people say I'm leading them on which I
don't mean to the same hard to get but
the deal is I'm afraid I'll have some
issues I want to learn the love like
everyone else please help Dominique be
well Dominique be boo bread it's
perfectly natural you know I'm saying
especially at 16 to not want to
necessarily happen to a hardcore
relationship yet I mean my personal
opinion and this is from experience is
that a hardcore relationship in high
school is really kind of pointless man
because a lot can happen between the
ages of 16 and 18 like your mind is
developing you're going through a lot of
stuff in here man you can totally flip
as a person in a couple years you know
I'm saying so like I mean I say do you
think get to know yourself like grow as
an individual before you go latching on
to somebody else in this hardcore
relationship I love you going all about
you this and this and that and um just
you know it's cool it's cool to be to be
not be committed for a while but I
understand your concern in the future
you know maybe you want to be in this
hardcore relationship and you're afraid
to love because hey you think you might
get hurt or burns or whatever you know
but you know like like the old saying
goes it's better to have loved and lost
than never loved before you know because
if there's one thing that's worse than
feeling like heartbroken it's that
feeling of like damn like what could
have happened you know like what what
could happen with that person who who I
wanted to go out with but then I
hesitated because I was afraid of
getting hurt you know saying that could
have been like the love of your life you
know that or that could have been the
person who you learned the most from
even if it was a wack relationship you
know um if anything like if you want to
happen to a hardcore relationship right
now you know go for it because like fine
okay you'll get into this relationship
chances are you guys will be hardcore
into it for a while you are gonna piss
each other off somebody's heart get
broken you're gonna hate dudes for like
a freaking a couple years of your life
you're gonna freaking randomly whore it
and then eventually you'll come full
circle as a person run into somebody
else who's been through the same thing
and now you're able to have this mature
relationship you don't saying like it's
happy it happens like maybe not it's
gonna happen exactly like that but I
mean shit happens man you you live life
you go to things sometimes it hurts and
that's okay because you learn from it
you know I'm saying if you know if
you're not made taking those risks then
you're not gonna learn anything so don't
be afraid go ahead do you think
Dominique go get with somebody but don't
feel pressure to all right live go do
now I'm just screaming at you cuz I just
I want you to be happy I care I really
do
