okay NAT 85 Ali rights hey you i'm a
huge fan and i have a question for you
would lots of use at the end if you
could meet three people dead or alive
who would they be and why lots of love
xoxo hhhhhh three people dead or alive
um let's see and let's assume we're all
eating Chipotle burritos or Roscoe's
chicken and waffles or something then
first person automatically comes to my
mind of course Jesus Christ I want to
see just what he's like in person you
know so much hype I mean I read the book
Jesus Christ um Tupac and because you
know to buck got invited to POC to
dinner come on you got you got freakin
Jesus Tupac we'll all freakin top chop
it up and who else what I want to be at
that table well I saw a big ass spider
hold on
hey bitch that's what you did huh so you
David no he's not dead he's not dead
he's freaking spider is humongous I just
killed a spider okay where was I Jesus
Tupac and spider-man no um I'm trying to
think of who would who would just make
interesting conversation with everybody
because I mean we got Jesus who would be
probably just really chilling and like
you know um just sitting back observing
people probably has a cool little sense
of humor and then there's Tupac who you
know is just so passionate about
everything and if he says and and I'm
trying to think of somebody who is just
really inventive and like inspiring to
me aside from the obvious like Will
Smith you know and um and like different
musicians and people of today I'm Shauna
thing Oh Oh Leonardo da Vinci artists
philosopher inventor okay so then there
it is Leonardo da Vinci Tupac Shakur
Jesus Christ all of us at Roscoe's
chicken and waffles and and then we
could have album together son the newest
supergroup Jesus puck da Vinci
DeLaGhetto what it is the mixtape vol 3
coming out soon oh he'll be dope right
or mixtape on of me wrapping as Jesus
and Tupac and Leonardo da Vinci not hell
no oh alright um I'm go to sleep this
has been do did I get a number 20 piece
the royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
