what's up Dyke no I'm not calling Ricky
lesbian nor am I being derogatory I
really want to know what is Updike what
is this oh oh distribution logistics oh
okay
club Rick back on set so we going raw we
got a special guest in the building my
og YouTube homie what's up dawg what up
look at that liz is crazy oh yeah oh
yeah you crate look at these crazy man
like the rainbows represent everything
I'm happy you know that you know what
when Jackie brought the rainbow
bracelets with a storm I was like I was
like you sure he's gonna be cool sadler
course he is because I'm cool looking up
the matching bandana come on shit cuz
he's comfortable with his manhood man
and I'm kind of mad at the gays clean
rainbows
I love rainbows I got every color man
they take one calligraphers yellow the
whole prison no no no no we we we got
yellow we got a dog are y'all day we got
black yeah yeah brown and black like to
say she was like shit so they're not
really the best color but with chocolate
or chocolate see don't we feel negative
right then you know how I know you
caramel y'all what I'm mad at is how to
get the whole rainbow here 1 2 3 4 5 6
colors 7 in the rainbow usually indigo
indigo yes and it goes in yeah ROYGBIV
only right I put on a special fit for
DeStorm today got the ROYGBIV oh oh look
at all we get the robber on that who
said that man could Rock the romper is
calling easy access hey how do how do
you piss huh look that right there let's
let it flop out we do the 5 slot there's
left we do this either side slide oh you
don't side and gather you see a native
even though that romp is common camo and
that's not even regular camels into the
custom doesn't come here
there's a goody brand robbery coming out
so get your goodie bread wrappers right
there look at that doing custom camel
goody robbers they come in all sizes the
pockets fit everything up to iPhone 8
the use is really dirty but they really
look at that you got the dirty rails on
joke Ron Young Jeezy's whoo that's crazy
we just wrapped up another episode of
going raw with a storm you know we are
here baby
I lost the good does he caught more
titties imagine ya do it
it was a total of Enfield episode we
just did a city filled episode in your
taxi yeah and I'm good Henry catching
you nonsense
you know what it was like I'm usually a
booty man but today was a titty day for
me eyes are all my travels and all of
the stuff I eat on the road it's nothing
like coming home to some homemade
noodles so mama noodles from my mama
what's up K on the body hey hope we dare
to go you get a feel today
you me where is he
Iron Chef Edna mode oh my god who is
this hey little mama with a straight
hair
oh my gosh here you get a new girlfriend
I got a new I got a brand new they say
the beauty of having my curly hair
girlfriend is when she straightens her
hair you have a brand new one and I
think their girlfriend
don't tell her oh man they don't keep
role-playing it's kinda hot not that I
want a new girl because I know but that
excuse me this hi so it's bright and
early in the morning and I'm going to
Santa Barbara for for Nikki limo SD
greens wedding so you know miss diva she
is I've got to get the whole team
together this is just the makeup girl
there's a hair girl in the other room
there's a stylist oh my god transform
nah miss Lonnie that true is hooking she
up beating her face as they say yeah you
know when you get like a when when they
beat your face it's like she's putting
the makeup on you why do I know this you
don't you know all the things cuz I just
a in a little really female yoji's Heike
just like in terms of like like trans
and shit like slang she's an old white
lady let's say I'll say Sioux City like
what does that mean Indian okay better
room all day what they're playing in
Canada I don't know I mean in her area I
don't really know if this slang
Toronto got crazy saying oh you know
like instead of like what you're doing
tonight they'll be like what you saying
hey what you say in an eye-roll what you
saying
and I know saying means something even
though I means like what are you saying
you know what you saying tonight what
you saying
and I reach you reaching tonight fast
that means like I come and do oh yeah or
let's see what did I just learn some
look you flog Google innovations come
through reach is like are you going to
like come out you're gonna come through
whatever when something's wrong okay so
so man damn those are your homies those
are your people man Amanda and invite
them that's police oh okay yeah yeah
what you sayin bunch of shit well I'm do
you guys know little my own vlog when I
was in Toronto yeah with the Toronto
homies
yeah with the Toronto Mendham she had
done noise
yeah done no way as we were getting here
as we're rolling up I was like I I drove
past the outdoor where the wedding was
at and they were like already at the
fucking altar sounds like yeah let's
just go to hotel Bay with bigquery
sorry love you guys though so we're
gonna take a little nap
refresh luckily my make it's already
done Oh baby I said let's pop in to is
like a real good that highlight I like
nice that's mommy I need money not move
money true money to uh you know I'm not
gonna on a hat or put a little bit on me
too just a little bit
why didn't even got bad she farted and
it smells like coconut water yeah it's
not like shit but like not that's my
coat I'm not hanging shit it's not like
a really Hardy stage like like yeah I'm
really not sure why smelly cat how does
something so wretched come out of
something so beautiful
everyone Durst and it's almost like it's
almost like God was like I'm gonna give
you this girl this amazing but but you
have to deal with this is poison gas
we can
gradually oh my god we're plugging oh
that's how it happened or drugs you get
drunk and then a blog outer berries I
guess whoa you get drunk and then you're
married
what happened also so what's going wrong
with Timothy DeLaGhetto control screen
app give me at the average because of
website category hashtag sponsors ahead
sign hunter gasps yeah like a captain Oh
leg up with a leg up on the competition
okay Nikki okay Nikki limo Congrats
okay it's the end of the night let's go
Eddie
and now I got helped you out what a
little song some thinking okay I can do
a question just so from outside or
inside out hi today a brown beef burger
with a little bit of garlic ready
grandma knows it kind of yeah oh my god
oh wait oh hello this what would you
like - dude you don't eat it Oh mine
comes what would you like to do Oh what
nein nein what would you like to see you
oh yeah that's right Oh both of them
right there okay cool what'd he do they
don't weigh after you're gonna put them
in my thirty in the morning but the
Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
