oh I don't know Jess checking what's up
y'all I'm in traffic as peruse and so I
figure you know maybe I'll address
something that a lot of people bring up
and I get asked about all the time and
that is is Wilin out fake and you know I
understand why people think that and why
they think it's rehearsed and that shit
but I'm going to tell you this um no
it's not rehearsed we come up with all
our own shit I mean okay here's the
thing here's the thing alright first of
all we shoot for like two hours for
every episode alright and they cut that
down to 22 minutes including a musical
performance so twenty minutes including
Nick's intro so it was like 18 minutes
of jokes out of two hours of recording
so a lot of the not funny shit gets cut
just like I used to watch whose line is
it anyway all the time and I used to be
like how do they come up with all these
amazing joke you guys are geniuses but I
come to find out they shoot whose line
for hours you know I'm saying
improvising shit and then they cut all
the good shit and put it together okay
now here's why it might come off more
rehearsed or prepared you know the fact
is like you know we we know
there's only a certain amount of games
that we play you know I'm saying it's
like lemme holla or like will play hood
jeopardy and/or we'll play like we only
play like a handful of different games
you know so of course
Monica so of course you know when you
know you're going to play a certain game
you might think of a joke you might
think of jokes some people like to think
it should beforehand like okay you know
this would be good for this game just
because of that game maybe not you know
so you're going to have jokes prepared
for when we play the game but they're
not always going to work you're not
always going to get a chance to state
your joke there's been plenty of times
we're about to play a game and I was
like yo I know I got a good one for this
game and then I didn't get to go because
like you know someone hit someone said
like a real I got hit her and do you
recognize that's the joke D me me me
being that's the game ender we end the
game I'm saying or it's been times when
like when I had that joke when we played
lemme holla and it went up to the black
girl amber and I was like yo hey girl
you know my favorite song is black and
yellow black and yellow like I came up
with that joke way before we we shot the
episodes but I couldn't use it for a few
episodes because it wasn't a black girl
up there you know saying it wasn't Wilin
out girl up there that we were playing
the game with that or it wasn't a black
girl that was up there when we played
the game it was like a white girl or
Latina chick or whatever so finally when
we had a black girl like I can use this
joke that I came up with you know saying
and of course like you know when we do
the wild spell a lot of the battle
rappers you know they have shit prepared
in their heads already that's what they
do
you know saying like conceited isn't a
freestyle rapper for the most part you
know saying his best shit is when he
writes it you know so he cuts the beat
he gets his bars off that he wrote from
people and we are going to have shit in
the back of our minds that we have ready
you know like for me it's easy because I
know they're going to come at me with
typical Asian jokes like dog eating shit
little dick joke so I have rebuttals for
that just in the safe already you know
because I've been rebutting jokes like
that since I was a little kid you know
like for example one of the jokes if you
watch like the Wilin out one of the best
of Timothy day logo DeLaGhetto while in
our compilation there's a joke that ends
it some say my most savage joke okay
stop trying to be black I really mean
stop it yo girl told me just kidding it
in a chopstick okay okay check it out oh
look that was not my girl
that was my side chick that's why your
breath always smells like my I had that
in my head for if Lauren when Lauren was
on the cast if she ever came Andy if
Lauren was ever because Lauren always
says some shit about like oh you know
I'm agent girl do this so I made your
girl do that and so that's why I was
going to say that wasn't Monica that's
why I was going to say that wasn't my
girl that was my side shape that's why
your breath always smells like my dick
but then Emmanuel called me out I didn't
know he was going to do that and he
called me out and he said yo girl said
your dick was skinnier than a chopstick
so then I was like oh he said my girl
perfect I can use this rebuttal that
I've been I had in the back of my mind
for him I'll fucking kill them with that
everybody went crazy so it's like you
never know so this shit's not rehearsed
do we write jokes to be prepared for
certain games like yeah of course and
sometimes what they do during the wild
style because like you know in between
each each game like you know it's like
cut take you know we'll take a little
break or whatever people just kind of
like
they're playing music well like you know
sometimes Nick will make the wash style
be like right before we play the game is
shit so sometimes people have been nice
in the past and they'll be like am I got
lost we I got Boston in the wall south
and remember I get Doughboy was like a
10 I got balls for you I'm like okay
cool let me get the spatula ready for
Doughboy and I'm saying or if someone
comes at me I'm like okay this
motherfucker is coming at me let me come
up with something for him real quick
like you know that's how it works you
know so it's scripted no do we have an
idea of what we're probably gonna be
doing in the episode yeah
we've been doing this shit for five
years you know I've been doing this in
for five years we only play like a
handful of different games of course we
have shit in the back of our minds ready
to go but when motherfuckers are like yo
this shit is scripted I'm like it's
really not bro like even when I posted
that vlog where we were workshopping and
we were practicing our freestyle and I'm
practicing wild style like and then
everybody was battling and shit like
there were comments like oh my god I
can't believe it's rehearsed when
literally I'm I rap to be Simone and I'm
like yo Niall said you needed practice
blah blah blah I literally say this is
practice and which is bullshitting right
now because we're because we're actually
freestyling I said some shit about her
jeans
I was literally saying shit about her
jeans how you gonna say this for her
stripper okay so now says this is
practice and I know you need a lot okay
and I can tell by jeans viennese a lot
yeah yeah I guess so and if we rehearse
this shit here's the dumbest shit if you
honestly think we were Hurst awhile
styles from what you saw in that vlog
why would I say some shit like Niall
said you needed practice on TV no one
knows who now lives he's the producer
while an hour
why would I fucking say that like some
people see some shit and they make
assumptions and they're dumb
because it doesn't make sense you know
y'all see a little bit of something and
you make dumbass assumptions that being
said new things in a while and out next
month is the season premiere which
chance the rapper is probably the dopest
episode I've ever been a part of let me
tell you how this is she was like this
shit was so lean
we shot like you usually when we when we
shoot the episodes we play three games
and then we go lifestyle right after the
third game because this episode was so
fun and so dope and chance the rapper
was so down just play everything they
Niall the producer came down from like
you know the control room and was like
yo we're playing two more games we're
making this an hour-long special this is
the best episode we've ever done we're
making this the premiere episode so
we're playing two more games get ready
we was like oh shit
this is crazy we've never done that in
the five years I've been on this show
we've never done that it was so dope
this was like the best episode man
chance the rapper episode stay tuned for
that shit man it's just tight I can't
believe I've been on this show for five
years ro five seasons my old that deal
my old also let me tell you this
sometimes they'll cut dope shit for time
purposes or for other reasons there have
been times where we watched episodes and
we thought yo I had such a killer joke
on this episode or I killed it during
this while style whatever whatever and
they just edited it did edited it out
you know like hit man and conceded they
got like they got a lot of dog shit they
they got some like dope shit that's been
cut because it just was too long you
know I'm saying and it's like that's why
when I do my wife style I get out there
I get one
I get like two bars out setup punchline
and I'm out and then if someone hits me
back then I might hit them again and
then after that I'm out and then
sometimes you just got it like if the
other person got a good laugh you've got
to let them get the laugh and sometimes
you might want to go a game you might
want to go back and forth forever but
sometimes you just gotta know when to
bow
you know I'm saying it sometimes when I
thought yo I had like a killer joke
Brodeur in certain games but if the show
is not all about one person they got to
let everybody get their jokes out so
sometimes you're dope joke might get cut
and that's just the way it is you know
I'm saying we got a lot of funny
comedians on the show oh fuck are you
okay baby yo kid baby okay baby the
Royal penis is clean your highness Thank
You King shit
