I'm on this a beard for a New Belgium
and we're learning sign language real
quick and so I just one more time so
please clear what the fine yeah yeah
China vagina haha
so we're joining with an aroused before
okay cool
act oh every day why god yes it walked
up and I was like I know these are my
vampire
oh they got like a fourth on right now
it's all good try to do this sort of
earlier I didn't blog him but I thought
you bro here's a picture look ya'll I
got not Asian fans in Asheville to look
good and a black dog was good
how do I wash my glass put it down it is
yep
push down oh look at that
I figured oh just all the way on with
there you go
bro-bro that's a good amount of head
there's you here to believe no come on
you got to give more ahead than that
yeah I give no it cheers yeah so pretty
here do it again
holy fucking Didion holy fucking shit
this is a slide this is like the willy
wonka factory for real oh my god that if
you fold my Chuck late would you like in
my body right
oh I had a tree Michael on my way to
heaven when I will complete that on a
tech so wrong before before we are these
all busy consumers
I was asking I feel real
Oh Oh do
cynic filled up not yeah I want to pour
it out
all right well you poured out for the
dead home yeah why do we do that right
now we're pushing the line out let's see
you have a line out do it okay I'm gonna
get your cold beer and flowing through
here okay very cool we brought
like satire is the best fat tire for the
records Oh
we compete in
Oh a little too much head on there drop
that sack yes like yeast propagate isla
yeah it's earth off and like you know it
said like literally like fuckin bile
like a slide on a microscope
now wait a minute and party owner like
you some of the echo leaders within a
couple weeks or so yet so I'm in this
eyes time machine type contraption hey
what's up man it's good it's good to be
in this time machine type contraption
with you liberals when you are riding
with with a what a sexy ass why do in
the passenger seat made it you do your
best
you've made it I do Pilates hahahaha
good for you - mm-hmm
all for you it's lit some wood our cabin
hey gotta be annoyed at the last time he
had a home like this when he's not with
no matter I'll take one jump families
everyone yeah yeah yeah
so set out the Asheville North Carolina
for coming out for tour de fashion on
that love it was a good time I haven't
had that much bigger in my system and
maybe ever
alright but I'm gonna be on six more of
these shows it's kind of emceeing and
having a good time basically so Boston
Chicago New York San Diego um
Fort Collins and Tempe Arizona
if y'all in those cities and you like
beer and you like having a good time
I'll be up there children come to say
what's up I'll leave the link below for
tickets and whatnot and now I'm actually
going to go spend the whole day flying
to get to Chia's part of Canada because
alone I haven't seen her family in a few
months it has been all LA trips and
she's actually coming to LA next week to
Beto like I got I go visit her family
sometimes you know I'm saying so flying
from Asheville North Carolina to Chia
town Canada if not I got a kid home like
I got like three connections today I go
I go Asheville to Atlanta Atlanta to
Toronto Toronto to Chia town so but you
know it's all for love
I finally made it to Chia town Canadia
and uh apparently my feet aren't very
appealing so I had my feet just uh
they're embarrassing what they're so bad
embarrassing I'll know though that look
I got a little bit of skin peeling off
how is what is the lot Oh gia kept
trying to like kiss my feet yesterday
and then I was not come close to those
feet maybe after we're done not right
now so right now and then she was like
oh
your feet are disgusting I need to do
something about so I'm here in her
little establishment if y'all never seen
her her place of business is here here
we are
yes Harry know what you guys want on
here this is what I use when you're
extremely terrible see this is like in
Dumb and Dumber when a the spikes at the
sparks are flying off his nails emember
we have
Oh oh it tickles
hey no I like it have to get rid of see
that what you're all then I love you
baby I know it's the perfect it's not
for you to know
alright stuff is that better or what oh
my goodness I'm not sure that we want to
show the people how bad they were before
I do it so this is his done foot be so
beautiful check about heal mm-hmm and
rest should be unwrapped this this is
what it looked like before I don't know
what the problem is bunch of like little
holes and things I don't know if you
want to show them this that's a man's
foot baby so see for not there see cuz
cuz I walk on hot coals every morning to
train shame on you
thank you my love I'm not having pudding
inside okay baby but any of the
treatment okay
all right I'm just trying to get you
making breakfast while singing along to
Moana okay okay that a little bun your
father's number
Oh baby what you got here huh oh man
look man she does my whole oh man my
calves are looking man you making me a
smoothie - yeah oh man look I need her
in my life
because uh apparently I'm getting fat
according to her according to it's not
according is a quarter - your love
handles the Royal penis is clean your
highness thank you
King shit
