so I got this new fisheye lens from my
camera and I'm just testing it out I
probably won't be vlogging all the time
with this thing because I don't know let
me know how you guys feel it's like it
makes everything a little bulkier on my
setup here and I know it looks cool for
a little bit but I don't know if you
like it's going to make you a legit like
dizzy or what I just always loved a
fisheye oh if you see um they're they're
cleaning out all the water that was in
my little waterfall here because the
water was kind of murky so now they're
just like cleaning everything out going
to put new water got a little golden
pussy right there go didn't see oh and I
know you guys are going to be asking
what kind of like camera and lens it is
a sony a 5100 okay and I'm using a
column here we go
this lens with a fisheye converter okay
alright if you must know there you go
in my head I bought this shit so I could
use it like a music video or something
you know just switch things up a little
bit because I just I always like a fish
eyes you think this it looks cool you
know see I've been waiting for this for
so long be making love until the Sun
comes up baby I just wanna take it back
now here we are driving around town
contemplating when I'm gonna let you
down girl you got me sayin my mama I
wish that I could pull over and get this
thing started right now I wanna do
something freaky to you baby don't think
they heard me I wanna do something
freaky to you babe
Oh they call me ti and then watch de la
ght Co deafening Jodeci every time that
you rolled me hold me
well you know never let go never mention
of the flow my champion against champion
please Ryan are you there ain't no
lanessa interrupt ain't gotta rush I
just wanna take it like this you see I
believe but it was so long he pick it up
after the Sun comes up
oh yeah I just want to take it slow not
tell me do you wanna get freaky cuz I
pick you out I will how are you like a
little hobby you later what ever ever
made you feel topic you bet I will ha
bui with you how are you real and one of
them may be aware
so my mom really wanted me to sing a
karaoke slide before I left no you want
it this is your black man yeah see my
Asian glass yeah
hey now usually I don't do this but I
saw these at the mall you move like a
tight son I just fucked your bitch in
some Gucci high tops okay so if you guys
didn't know uh recently Rick did a spicy
ramen challenge on his channel and uh
you know I never did that
maybe now you're going to do that Ricky
I will I will and um here's the thing
like I I never did that and watching him
do it really made me want to do it and
he was like yo there's like there's a
time to spicy version of that and I'll
let y'all get it for me so I got it
right and then I thought well where
would I put it I could put on the vlog I
don't want to put on my main channel but
then I recently hit 3.5 million
subscribers after being at 3 million for
fucking forever congratulations thank
you
he's on you know when that started
happening good because this
motherfuckers getting like 2 million
subscribers a month finish it right in a
few days you know but anyways so I
thought and someone was like you going
to do a freestyle like you used to do
when you hit all your benchmarks and I
was like I know I'll combine it and I'll
do a spicy ramen challenge freestyle and
I feel like it'll be adding another
layer onto it you were almost killed
like my hair got known this started
seeing black I was sweating puddle oh my
god gonna be so funny alright so first I
got a cookie noodle
I'm showing you guys behind the scenes
on the blog channel if you want to watch
the actual me eating it you gotta go to
my main channel you know how it actually
goes I just put in the dark ass chili
oil paste they had me throwin who said
this is crazy
2 times what you had Rick yeah oh my god
let's go let them know so after they
watch your video
oh and they see the pain in your eyes
trying to get this shit done quick
because then right after I do it got a
pack from North Carolina and hop on a
plane go do the Fat Tire Friday thing
with New Belgium so I'm in a rush just
backing my throat but Tim is Sibylle to
go shut out the little boat the noodles
kind of look like your hair
there's nowhere in this is not fair oh
my god I feel myself sweating huh
but I'm still not forgetting um I got 3
point 5 milli and I'm still alive
killing these noodles I eat your poodle
for breakfast that's not Asian joke but
it's still on my checklist you bet
respect this take another bite and I
will not neglect this oh my god I'm
getting sweaty
Oh tonight caught on tape liar something
I'm really good at doing is avoiding
shots well junior animal attack with
death errands and show it's time for
going wrong
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
