what's up guys good morning I'm in
traffic as always and on my way to go
shoot as always and last the last video
I put up on my main channel was that how
to party like bow-wow video that watch
challenge shit and it was actually you
know a brand deal for the fat tire to
where I'm going on to you in North
Carolina on this weekend but I make a
joke in the beginning of the video where
I say YouTube isn't putting ads on my
videos anymore so you know I'm about to
be broken ever and a lot of people were
confused about that joke so I'm explain
to you what's going on a lot of
youtubers have been concerned lately
because of what's known as the ad
pocalypse all right and basically the ad
pocalypse is YouTube's recent decision
to not monetize or not put ads on videos
that aren't family-friendly okay and
what happened was a lot of major
advertisers noticed that they had they
were running ads on videos that they
didn't necessarily want to be associated
with you know I'm saying like videos
that I be controversial or dirty videos
or whatever so they pulled a lot of
their ads and as a result YouTube you
know they're a company you to kind of
like look like yo we apologize we're
going to be more careful about it so a
lot of people got D monetized just
because of certain titles they had in
their videos like a lot of people bought
revenue on their video because of this
okay
I don't know if I necessarily got hit
really hard I mean like look last month
check with definitely a low one but to
be fair I didn't upload at all when I
was shooting Wilin out last month you
know I didn't upload for cool I probably
only put up like one video while I was
in New York and that was the one
advertising my fullscreen show going
wrong and let me tell you guys let me
tell you let me tell you it was crazy
all right speaking of going raw the show
I'm going on on the full screen app I am
currently making more money doing that
shit than from the YouTube shit because
what happens is a lot of these Netflix
competitors like fullscreen which is
which is a new app it used to be a it
used to be like a YouTube network but
then now they're focusing on being more
of like this app you know they're trying
to be like Netflix I'm saying they got a
bunch of like dope throwback movies or
shows and they have Monica and they have
a bunch of original content with you
know different talents including YouTube
challenge so a lot of these Netflix
competitors like hulu amazon and new
companies like fullscreen they have a
lot of money or they've been given a lot
of money or they but they have money to
create content even though no one's
necessarily watching the show you know
I'm saying like you have like go 90 the
Verizon app and you got full screen and
you got all these little things that are
popping up and they got money but they
don't have content so what they're doing
is they give cash like me shows um you
know they hit me up but they're like
would you want to do your own show
because I was on grace Helbig fullscreen
show and they really like me and they
want to do so means well by hell yeah
well contractually I get paid a certain
amount to do a certain amount of shows
but at this point bruh shit's crazy
right now because of what's happening
with YouTube and like we ad pocalypse
and
just like the way things are going on
YouTube I'm making more money doing the
full screen show than doing the YouTube
show so if you see me pushing that
fullscreen shit you can be pushing going
raw hard that's why bad like I would
love for that to be continuous you know
I still have 30 more episodes that ashes
the shoes so in sign language so we good
if it's a hilarious show but I
understand why you might not necessarily
want to sign up full screen with AT&T
customers you get full screen free for
years and I also get why a lot of y'all
you know when you sign up you get that
free month trial so I get why a lot of
y'all might want to wait until I have
more episodes lined up so you can just
you know sign up for a month and Jenna
just binge watch that shit you know I
get you I get you it's funny though so
yeah that's why I made that joke saying
YouTube's not putting ads on my videos
anymore because I definitely noticed a
hit like it wasn't like I'm still trying
to gauge if last month's check was low
because of that or it was because I
didn't really upload but I mean both
makes sense you know saying like Rick
definitely felt it I know a lot of
youtubers that are legitimately
concerned that they can't pay bills
anymore because they were hit so hard
with the ad pocalypse shit but also you
know when I was shooting yesterday with
with the finebros for another youtubers
react
I was talking to Rafi and he was just
saying that more so than anything like
YouTube is kind of a you know they took
a bunch of ads off to help appease the
companies just to you know like buy
titles you know like if anybody had a
seemingly dirty title and then now
they're trying to catch up to see what's
actually dirty was not he says people
are kind of like yeah it was low but
then it's kind of like its equalizing
you know I'm saying it's averaging out
again honestly I'm not as concerned
as a lot of the other youtubers you know
as I mentioned in my last in my 2016
skiing tears the yearly wrap-up I you
know last year was the first year in my
10 years in YouTube where I made
majority of my money off youtube you
know I'm saying up until that point
majority of my money was coming from
YouTube money last year it was from TV
shit it was from side projects it was
from brand deals so I'm not necessarily
concerned about it I'm still going to
create content because you know my
YouTube content is important to me
you feel me I'm still gonna vlog even
though like I don't know the volcanoes
kind of there I know he does that I
wouldn't say dead because like you know
back when it was on average doing this
thing the vlog Channel was getting like
a hundred thousand views per vlog you
know when it was at its most popular so
maybe getting two hundred maybe maybe
three hundred thousand if I had a good
some nail title combination right now
dish it kind of averages out to like 50
60 if it's a Chia one it might creep up
to 70 80 and then everyone so now I'll
get one that will be up with like a
hundred thousand and in the wild and out
one the battles from last week from last
month I feel like some like battle
forums linked is but actually it's about
to be like a million for one of my vlog
videos which is crazy has been a minute
since one of my vlog those seven numbers
but I'm still vlogging I vlog because I
like to vlog you know I'm saying I like
having this
this diary of my life this video diary
you know and at the end of every year
when it's like December 31st I sit back
and I watch all my vlogs from the year
it's kind of like you know Timothy
DeLaGhetto this is your life type
situation so I'm not tripping I'm still
working you know sanjohnno mean my goal
was not to be youtube famous my goal was
to be a TV film actor and that's just
going in the right direction you know
I'm saying i doing i'm doing TV things
i'm doing a couple little movie things
here and then i'm working on some bigger
movies shit i'm not going to lie guys
last year when I hit my ten-year and I
had the roast I Loki felt like it was
like my retirement year you know fans
well but I still wanted to create
content you know like people would argue
people could say that my my main channel
is dying because like yeah these are
kind of weak but then like if you look
at the skits I put out last year like
the Russia are ones but they hit a mill
I want to do with Inanna hit a mill it's
like people like the skits but
people like this kids but it I'm in a
weird place right now because let me
give you out of the real real talk okay
when I when I was four years on YouTube
up until last year maker was funding and
editing all my skits like I could be
like Gil maker I got an idea for us kids
they would get everything together for
me they would send me a crude and they
would have editors for me that was part
of our deal okay and then something
fucked up last year where there was some
misunderstanding and understanding in
the contract where they were like oh
well you're your budget to shoot these
videos is up them it's all it's all if
you used it all and I was like okay so
now what I got a I got a I got a pay for
my own production so I it's been a
struggle to regain my groove and get
back into the rhythm of shooting skits
consistently when now not only am i
sending them but I'm also the producer
but I'm also producing them you know
saying well I have to get a crew get the
location get extras if I need to get all
the production together you know then
because I never had to do that before so
now it's so much more of a half of a
shoe skits and kids are expensive row
like like getting a crew getting a sound
guy like doing all that shit like
sometimes it doesn't like I lost more
money shooting that rush hours that I
made back on YouTube 100% you know zan I
took a financial L to shoot that rush
hour skate but I wanted to do it because
I like creating quality content you know
but it's
it's difficult when ah but of course
financially it would make more sense if
I just did fucking challenges in
reaction video but I don't want to do
that you know it's a struggle bro it is
a struggle but I got a bunch of kids I
want to do man luckily I'm making good
money from the fullscreen show and most
ran deals that like okay maybe I maybe
I'm down to maybe take a little else to
create some quality skits to keep the
channel consistent but I'm just glad
y'all still rocking with me you know to
continue chisholm over 10 years I've
been 11 years be my 11th year but 11 is
my lucky number so I don't know I don't
know Davey ma my mom met up with a
psychic that told her 35 was going to be
my most popping this year and so I got
time if you guys like me having these
conversations which you I'm gonna start
live streaming on Facebook weekly maybe
Mondays maybe Sundays let me know let me
know what days you would would like to
watch me live stream on facebook
facebook.com slash Timothy DeLaGhetto if
you don't follow me on Facebook and you
might be asking Tim why don't you on
Instagram lives why don't you go on a
Twitter live and it's because Facebook
they just I went on live on I would live
on Facebook the other day and it was
like oh you can put ads on this you can
monetize this I was like oh done deal
because I was trying to decide should I
do Facebook so I do Instagram because
then you know all the live shows we kind
of pop in but Facebook is the only one
that's hain breath and you know your boy
got some things I got to pay for you
know I'm trying to buy a new house
John buy some other time
so the Royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
