what do I have to make you alright so
I'm doing a super lit panel with my
YouTube buddies here it's so let it
slowly
I got make noise clearly applies who do
I get they gave me a mic I'm not happy
about this
damn that's messed up I got a little bit
a little bit like low-key time low heat
and I spill my drink on this issue it
was good but if you don't know what's up
with baby I don't know I don't know who
are you bro maybe if he makes it a
double dude it's out of that hell man
good now Lucas is good like oh yeah now
I'm gonna tell him like yo up senior GG
oh you know the blowing over here and
I'll tell them my god I've seen I've
seen the video hi
he did what our videos and I thought he
was lying at first you know everybody a
lot but then he was like oh watch your
pranks y'all react no oh yeah here's the
thing here's the thing is like I Google
I would look up my name oh and the sorry
doing it through then like y'all reacted
to me doing it while announce shit and I
see man and so I yeah so I know I know
it's good hey hi what's up we doing good
hey I'm glad I ran into you bro I
wouldn't be more cover who's gonna lose
the real we would be really from their
work but I'm glad we do we ran into you
yeah we are here we are here we have we
are so I didn't get a lot of footage
from playlist I was just kind of chillin
drinking with the homies having a good
time I had to leave early anyways and go
back home to LA because MTV invited me
to the movie and TV Awards oh it's wit
it's my first time I'm over here trying
to do the no look at camera trying to
look cute you know I'm saying so here's
a little bit of that footage
it was raining earlier Bullock's welcome
stop but uh what we out here okay gonna
see it yeah
one of them one what's up y'all I'm back
in New York City for a quick little like
business trip and I'm saying I had
nobody up I'm not trying to turn up with
nobody this is strictly business okay so
basically what I'm out here for is
there's this thing called new fronts
where all the up-and-coming digital
programs they kind of like pitch and
make announcements and see if any
advertisers or companies want to invest
and get behind it shit like that you
know I'm saying there's a thing called
upfront through all the traditional
television shows they do the same thing
new front is for new media digital
content so basically I have a show that
I start a pilot for called underbelly I
shot that with a company called
astronauts wanted and so as part of the
big astronauts wanted pitch tonight I'm
gonna be helping present underbelly hi
welcome to delicious people I like
fighting stuff you know things like this
yes I got pepperoni jalapenos and red
peppers jalapenos do you that i'ma give
you ten would let the setter know if you
don't like this thing you should get off
because I'm here with my boy he goes by
Rick Ross yeah I like to beat it too
giving me pizza on deck I got that
delivery cool dopers cider which are
Italian salami is when that funky cold
sangria homemade sleepers over here
hey drill give me a slice of pizza oh my
goodness someone
and sigmax whereby wasn't going I got
nice back I'm sippin on that wine back
and hopefully some big companies get
behind it put some money behind it and
produce the rest of the season I know
underbelly didn't get a lot of views
when I uploaded the pilot on my main
channel but the people who watched it
really fuck with it so hopefully we get
a full season and I can travel and eat
and I'm have a brand new show to do and
I'm saying cuz there's YouTube share
breath this this is this YouTube YouTube
YouTube's in a weird place right now I'm
not going to lie this whole YouTube is
over parties interesting to say the
least so wish me luck
so this is me on the red carpet eating
because I think it's hilarious to eat on
the red carpet and it matches up with
the show I'm trying to sell to these
people you know and this is me on stage
giving my little spiel about the show
convincing them how amazing I am and how
amazing the show is and that they need
to give me money
and then I turn around to the not lid
but not lit grout hahahaha oh nevermind
we just went out and I got some drinks
and stuff we rented out Times Square we
ran out of time square come on campus
yeah the community it out for us right
now oh it's super wet super late Britney
Elena was good
Britney I am be some almost good Oh aoa
hold on hold on I've missed it okay
because I'm almost good
be tomales good now right now right was
good be some Olga's pain you lot you
looking like off we messed out right now
mess you mess you messed up hey get it
you know it just go let's go they're
yelling inappropriate things ahead so
I'm just getting back to my hotel room
in New York oh you boys getting sad that
out here well I'm just getting back to
motel room in New York and look what I
found
they got me some cupcakes some love
fucking cookies and a note that says to
a YouTube oh gee ain't that just the
sweetest thing long letter sort it's
from a dude named Brian pie who was at
the concierge best of luck and I wish
you all the success you certainly earned
it big fan Brian pie thanks man I fuck
with you man I appreciate that bro so
much love man so much loving these
streets man
thank you guys
yeah so I was chillin watching Chappelle
trying to enjoy my day and then this
dude is youtuber from New York was like
oh Tim can I come bother you so I was
like sure bro let me I say what's that
flared up and he agreed and I'm here
bothering him right now hey guys so sup
do they have a name Timothy Timothy do
like no I never did that I should have I
always like whenever I watch other
vloggers and I'm like I may all have
like names for their for their for their
viewers and shit I'm like I should come
up with something and probably it would
help something but I never I don't man
leave leave your ideas in the in the
comments for what you think your guys's
the titles would be because I know like
what else is like a pvp nation Oh what
that's not anymore but then this there's
I don't know man to come up with love it
with a who you broadcast they don't know
I'm Kareem wali I'm a youtuber so if you
guys are watching all my stuff it's just
my full name creme of wali and I'm
Facebook whatever but yeah I did comedy
sketches and also social experiments if
you're interested in that guy's the show
so when we use out here you know it's
bonding having a conversation
chit-chatting yeah yeah I think he's
called me baela go gay as you guys let
me know let me know it's a de la go
getter mMmmm and I love a glass of water
Saamy another pair keith is like
beautiful deep fried see we got going on
if he's on a special diet trying to get
sexy
I need to be on that podiatry right now
but
he's at Sophie
it's repainted Wow free range grass ah
you jumped at you oh yeah come on
oh no I was not known as a dead Lobos ah
stop stop it's looking at me he's gonna
rip your leg off oh sorry
well I'm on it I got sharks I got a flag
one two three - ha-ah oh you can squirt
yeah the Royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
