all right so I'm in the San Diego State
University I have like a little like
it's kinda like speaking engagements
last week three type situation there
take a little San Diego road trip we got
Rick here got you pegged and
civilization and I know some of the
comments gonna be like to him you may
choose it in the bag yeah yeah I came
out fit hey just a nice lady he knows
I'm fasting I'm the Greg Myers though
that's what it is if you tired - and you
think of me trying to put on our side as
I'm driving the people to is though I
got my hand gently placed on Rick's eye
and we just chillin my pops told me that
there's like supposed to be this like
amazing field of flowers on the way to
sd so we're going to stop off and get
some Instagram pictures hopefully it's
like super Purdy what do I have
make you okay so we stopped off at the
flower field in Carlsbad close to San
Diego and this shit's tight I think that
sells me baby anything do you think guys
oh sweet flowers for miles and miles
so pretty cool I guess
if he closes see like just for the vlog
run in and out I tried it camera-ready
Oh
Oh give it you know I'm taking so many
pictures y'all say a delicious brunch
spot called new in downtown San Diego in
this case you snooze you win am i right
I got a little grilled cheese sandwich
some Tomatoes too and a variety of
pancake
let me show you what I got here this
right here is the breakfast pot pie like
it's like gravy and sausage and a egg on
top of like a flaky crust so Bob you've
been wanting that whole I have I've been
in the mood I've been craving it a
mysterious person at snooze paid for our
bill ever pay for our meal I appreciate
it
you're the dead sad to the fan from from
Trinidad it was a girls a table like
right next to a who like she's like oh
my god I'm such a fan okay go take a
picture and it seems like you don't even
know the things you did to my vagina
you've done somewhat of a chance like Oh
what she paid for ever possibly or maybe
not
maybe she was so grateful for the big
love I've been there vagina over here
that you've laid I owe this man can't
kick ya
all right so I'm here at San Diego State
University I'm here at CSU trying to
figure out where I'm supposed to go for
this little speaking thing that's
correct yeah yeah we're going to we're
in the right direction trying to figure
out where exactly am supposed to be
question-and-answer thing is over now
he's meeting and greeting side I owe ya
dad wetter uh-huh represent what's your
name with the name
IANA yeah I love Kia pink they're pretty
sweet I love you thank you I love you
more though thank you bro
thanks man that's my dream all I hope to
love on cheesecakes yeah who can blame
them you know good tape right as we
leave San Diego we see the the famous
big old white titties and that means it
was a successful trip that means no I
just mean we're leaving San Diego the
big oh why should it bet you never seen
a city before these are the San Diego
today
shout out through all the students at
SDSU that came out so we mad love it was
a good crowd it was a lots of love in
the air low-key I felt kind of old
because I realized it was a freshman the
freshmen are 18 I've been on YouTube for
10 years they were eight years old when
I started making videos that's kind of
crazy
so it's crazy to think that I've been
making videos without 10 years old I'm
saying and 10 years later Here I am you
know in a while
thank you to everyone who supports Chia
and her Just Peachy movement because her
hats sold out on her first real
exclusive run on hand hey how you
feeling bigger um I feel it I feel that
I didn't expect for them to sell on the
first few days that's cool thank you
don't be like that
yay and we sent them all out yesterday
and you know we're just like power
couple you don't saying making holes
making money making babies yeah baby
you ready for that maybe a ring would be
nice first oh damn if I can't afford a
ring no one watches my YouTube videos
anymore so today on the super excited
because they're going to this place
called astral donut where they have a
bunch of different donuts and fried
chicken I've never been you can have it
in a sandwich like donut strikes again
donut or you can just get a donut and a
piece of our chicken so I'm not sure
what I'm going to do criminy else I'm
trying to eat clean I'm trying to work
out everyday but she keeps trying to
fatten me up why why babe I don't give
me sad so the wheels want to date you
this is applies and family are the stars
of fashion it's not bad alright so we're
here Astro donut we got a vanilla glazed
donut a creme brulee donut and a whole
bunch of chicken dark meat white meat oh
yeah
I'm intense to actually go to get that
good me and savouries we know got again
barter jigger
maradona
away
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King I didn't get to
watch a sex show those are well yeah
it's like a concert but like literally
well there's there's two things that are
crazy there's the sex show and there's
the Peep Show okay you go in and the sex
show is like you have a seat like they
bring you popcorn hmm food drinks
whatever and it's like there's an opener
that's like okay they kind of whack like
they don't really know how there's like
the net like it's just like a show
really but it's just like choreographed
bro and then the peep show is just like
a circular bed this just spins around
and it's just a whole bunch of watching
it jacking off I don't know I was like
this is the jackoff
but the only thing that's in your booth
is a tissue and lotion oh my glass wall
on a bed spin it a bad why the lotion
for you yes I think I'd be more grossed
out by that and I'm positive
yeah that's that's dirty and you can you
can see everybody so like my DJ I did
not like everything but you can see from
here up like my DJ was across there and
I'm like bro dude this is so weak in
both dudes next to them was just like
you just see their arms like this crazy
I gotta get about it
