would you guys take a girl on a first
date to like a boiling crab or a crab
boil type restaurant like would I'd me
neither I would also never do it why do
it what is your judgment showing
yourself like that quick is that
cementing that's what she's gonna hurt
you no see I'm fine with that
oh no cuz look on time like I need to
figure out if you like me no cuz I feel
like this I feel like no place like that
and you're getting your fingers funky
and you're getting your breath funky
that's you like admitting that nothing's
gonna happen you know I'm saying it's
like I feel like I need to keep
everything as fresh as possible just
just in case some shit goes down yeah I
really like my price road in that I'm
like
under six feet so it's just like it's I
don't get first date result me to what I
do quit playing the poon back in the day
back in the day cuz look yes he was my
here's my test to I used to like I would
go and I would order like if we went to
like in and out of some shit I would um
I would see if she ordered onions you
know I'm saying on her burger cuz if she
got onions and I'm like oh she's not
trying to kiss tonight but if she didn't
order onions up like okay there might be
there might be something popping you
know I never really went on dates I mean
here I was like due dates I do like do
you bring like five-year homeys with you
and then she brings like two of her
friends so she could feel a little more
powerful and that you'd be like an
outing
especially the summertime but yeah a
nice human would Co guys that you can
pull up so okay cool no more go hmm
that's was currently yeah I'd love to
take your bro in your environment of
your friends and they're like oh he's
more normal like this and then you get
her like centered in on like a isolated
date and then she sees how you are with
just her and then she's like I like him
and then boom not me bro I look back in
the day before like the relationship
shit I love going on dates Oh a car to
everybody in LA on the car it was like
yeah and plus like girls never turn down
free food so it's like if you was trying
to woo a girl would be like okay yeah
let me take you out like let's get some
food let's was love about me back in the
day let's do you when I used to go on
dates would be like I would meet
somebody do other shit you know I'm
saying and then I'd be like okay you
should let me take you out on a date see
like that you don't saying you say real
life like friend like what's not a date
what or sometimes I would even like back
in the day I gotta keep on saying back
in the day so they know cuz like I think
girls never turn down free food right so
you'd be like okay let's get some food
oh yeah I'd love to do that or like you
know I'd always say let me let me show
you like if you never had real time
I'm gonna put you on game and some Thai
food right and then they'd be like okay
yeah I'd love that and then you go oh
it's gonna be the best date ever
oh man this is this day bout to be so
they go date and you go mmm-hmm and then
they're like you're right and then then
you take your penis up no no no I don't
do that don't do that so G do you feel
like social media is kind of ruining the
whole dating experience now because it's
truly what you said you have to open we
almost noble person so well for you as
you take them up cause like you talk
something like yeah a month like yeah it
meets some of that and then I'm like
yeah I noticed god no she's not
yeah so do you feel like with all this
new like Instagram snapchat the social
media and how are you able to like hold
the conversation with someone before you
actually meet them you kind of skip that
off the vibe affiliates ruin it I don't
think it's ruining it like I feel like
if I was dating nowadays yeah I would be
happy about it you know I'm saying I
feel like it would just make things so
much easier you know you can always like
you can always have a new conversation
even though you get rid of all like the
the small talk I feel like everything
you kind of see online or is all the the
surface stuff anyway yeah so it's like
maybe now that now when these kids are
dating is like you've you you see this
you see your post about her favorite
movie all the time so you bring it up
yeah them before you it's almost like
you have research already yeah what this
what I was saying I can't talk to a girl
like if I'm walking on the street I
can't stop someone to say yo like you're
a beautiful what's your name can I take
you out I just let her walk by because
I'm so used to social media and saying
my hips are never like a picture so yeah
yeah like that's it yeah I can't do it
that cannot picture you guys Shia Pete
brought evil on wall by Oct I definitely
think you promised me
the other side because like you know cuz
like y'all hiding behind these beautiful
beers and now but meet me as a short
dude back in the day trying to back the
name boy before Tia before the proposal
respect to my shoe fell off Big Ups to
wifey 11 but before like even the social
media shit I used to I excited like
really love trying to get numbers like
in in person
mmm you know I'm saying like some like
oh it was almost like not a sport but it
was like let me see if I can do this you
know definitely caught like some elves
mmm yeah rejections yeah but like some
some of the funny issues sometimes like
I remember one time I just I walked a -
but I walked into a girl and I was like
and I was like five six - because I knew
she was with my same area she was like
okay if what it is Santa know about that
I cool I think it's almost any
relationship I've ever been was besides
my last like two I'd like to talk to
them like walk them through them yeah in
person yeah no shit I've always been
like bro it's that mainly because like I
just I in it in a sense for like you do
music if you go in the DMS you're like
so predictable saw business like and
this is Wendy ends are just getting
popping and like sliding in them and
hollering at chicks you know what I mean
when it's enough just got DN what the
stories click on Instagram and like
snapchat yeah though it's like yeah
yeah totally I would do that in real
life like if something at a bar happened
like and if some guy was like being
really weird to a girl and she was like
oh that's weird
oh I wouldn't be on the tail end of
something and be like or like you know
coming into the bar or just one little
comment that I knew that would make them
laugh like beardo giving you problems
and they'll be like whatever oh my god
then I'm like okay slide you know two
more chairs and then I talked to them I
lost my virginity to I like how it was
that it was that like a house party and
like back in the day when I used to like
actually approach girls I was chilling
and then I remember I walk it and I'll
rehearse this shit like 10 times before
that's true and I was like and she was
dancing her scene I was like I see what
you're dancing you see the like that was
you know because it was a lot of this
dude it was like oh I see over here
dancing you see and I think one of my
first laps was like so like um you have
missed what I think of that character
that's what I was do before no I think
it was like oh I don't know oh that's
what it was I don't know if you like
Asian dudes but I mean you know if you
want to hang out or something like that
boy on the contrary I think I think
American girls are easier to talk to
than Canadian yes yeah yeah I think
there's more socially like even when I'm
on sense in in America compared to like
sets on Canada people are a little bit
more reserved here depend on who you're
talking with like you
you'll find that some more reserved when
like the Americans are just randomly
dancing randomly like just doing all the
shit they're just open like while I know
compared to I don't know if you have
been are Canadians at like while I know
well it's kind of different cuz everyone
on wall now has a certain energy but you
can probably see like I see from the
vlogs everyone's dancing and everyone's
like shout and telling jokes like
they're just like opening shit so I feel
like it's easier talk to Americans and
gang babies no thanks yeah everybody's
just like yeah oh you know what to to to
to your point when I was because I was
gonna say oh my my fiance's Canadian but
to your point when I first first first
met you I was like hey what's up nice to
meet you and she literally was like was
like hey Rashad bro when Max and her
stables getting boyfriend's do that but
I persevered guys don't give up the
Royal penis is clean your highness thank
you King shit
