another another successful day of
shooting if you want to see these
amazing pictures I took of Chea happy
you can go sister well kid I am oh damn
it one way yeah when my hat is worn you
can't publish this footage Just Peachy I
see oh I haven't really been vlogging at
all I've been super busy with work and
life and things I'm a little bit
overwhelmed with my home life look at
this room it is a total disaster total
disaster there's shit everywhere I've
been shooting some blossoms all day in
my little homemade kitchen studio this
is just how things are going to have to
be for now until I can get it your
change to hold all of my things but
everything is a mess
look at this I made breakfast this
morning and my things are so out that
was hours ago everything is just a mess
a mask uh-huh of it excuse me while I
clean and get my shit together I am
working for crazy long days before I fly
to LA on Friday so let another round of
troubles begin I'm coming for you babe
I didn't expect you to be so close
you're near of one hour I can't see the
light but just in there for an hour I
didn't expect you to be so close a lot
of airports here baby scandalous whoo
okay so I'm finally back home in good
old sunny paramount California five six
- what's good as you can see my place is
a mess I'm trying to unpack on my shit
and get my shit together but luckily I
have someone here to help me organize my
life look who's back
want me to clean your home here Oh baby
you look see why not like every time in
these laws like my hair is a mess no
it's okay baby they just know you as
that girl that's always just you know
doesn't messy hair know that like
doesn't put any effort into her
appearance you know yeah I don't care
but you don't need to put any effort
that's the same come on vacation on
vacay so she is busy because she's been
selling her she just launched her Just
Peachy hacks after her vlog her popping
as vlog and she's like almost sold out
the uh-oh yeah just came out like a day
or two ago we have you baby
yep so now I bought all this stuff and
they can have just all cute mmm-hmm
look at this adorable ass shit hey hi oh
my little entrepreneur hmm I really just
like doing all this crappy stuff yeah I
know that's your shit
I took her into uh I took her to Michael
to get her CDs oh my gosh stickers oh my
and meanwhile it's a beautiful day today
it's so bro let me tell you I Love New
York but man it feels so good to be back
in sunny California I want some Mexican
tacos I want some Mexicans making my
Chinese food because that's just fire
I'm ready to go in and out I'm ready to
go to motherfucking Roscoe get some
donuts that you want to get at some
random spot wanna go Roscoe chicken
waffles all the things all the kingdoms
in my kingdom right baby yeah yeah okay
wrap your sh wrap it up B wrap that shit
up B holy crap - shit up B
absurd fun happy Sunday
have you cleanser
why do you think well the lovely people
at 2:08 rodeo on Rodeo Drive invited me
Oh three thank you so much thank you so
much wait have you come baby here's like
Sunday oh yeah
so they invited us can grub just they
probably want like a two-man boat
something which is cool Nemo example to
free booze mm-hmm
co8 Rodale we got some tuna tartare we
got some shrimp or order some other
stuff later
the feel is cute yet a reservist six
little kid you looking over other people
I'm just I'm gonna make you a booty girl
there you know are you flying if you
used to do stuff you're going to be
careful be careful with you wish ha ha
ha
it's got our shrimp and our tuna tartare
but cannot hear somebody try to eat it
really fast
mmm tonight our tiredness or song the
South was soggy cream song
and process good though right all right
here has a little wasabi kick - it's
like a little kick hit me in the back of
my nose yeah yeah in the back no no no
don't stop acting up Oh some sesame
shrimp mmm
credit yep yeah shut it out baby try
that out a little more thought salty
mmm-hmm fire actually super bomb like a
garlicky sesame and then I taste like
hold on what is this okay yeah yeah for
sure isn't coconut in there ever since I
watched Crazy Stupid Love with Ryan
Gosling there's a part relying Gosling's
like yelled at Steve Carrell character
we doesn't yell but he sold them and
he's like what are you doing who's
drinking your drink from a straw it's
like that you're stuck on a baby pig you
know you need to get rid of your straw
when you're the club so ever since then
all right when I left the club I do not
drink from the straw I fucking sip it
because Ryan Gosling told me to because
he's so cool in that movie I mean Ryan
Gosling set is so you have to do it
I know I yeah it's like I don't want to
be in the club sucking on a baby dick no
you know who wants another baby dig
nobody you I used to but I've upgraded
now now I skip it like a man I said my
foo-foo drinks like a man now good name
got it at my nose salmon and some fancy
things well yeah I got the night so I
got some gnocchi yeah and I threw some
lobster tail on there yeah and now for
the dessert that we don't have room for
you have so much New York Nellie me
okey-dokey you're gonna try these looks
good huh mmm my germs you're disgusting
why this entire ancient family
the following week
/ follow me creep hi it was a my girl
man
oh hey we going now we got there what
that's following a ninja no no no but
good no Goomer
if after a month in New York I'm so
excited to be in dinner at home my mom
you know my mom throws down in the
kitchen she and nothing she is here yo
she makes it YUM
she made a bunch of stuff check it out
we got some chicken medley for Kapow we
got some somnium chicken like hot and
sour soup we got some little egg rolls
here we a little Thai omelette which is
fired and we got this XI right here yo
okay this is my shit okay it's like you
almost have these like little crunchy
churros and um sometimes they eat this
with like condensed milk and sometimes
like my mom makes this bomb ass beef
like gravy stuff and you put it over the
little crunchy churros and you eat it
together was it God but I don't go for
whatever it's called it sounds like fish
but it's not it's crunchy churros with
gravy on it don't you think of that baby
get another one you ever might answer
that grandma used to make em beef Jerome
salon spell mm-hmm that's on my spoon by
your very nature
I mean said they do you everywhere they
do absolutely no close-up
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you
King shit that you said words instead
another day
what was the word of the day trying to
be disrespectful URL very lovely you
know they're so beautiful like I'm on
edge
