what do I have to make you high so uh we
got a couple more days left to let the
season
get a little evening date with Matt
right here Keisha pretty kappa actually
it oh my god
first time i'm popping his booty hole
oh hey yeah
oh thanks I mean I don't know you bring
it over subscribe to nig on YouTube
what happened that's it subscribe to me
on youtube oh hey last day or the energy
I gotta give it up for I think captain
Phil might have a lot of fun educate do
it goes let's down here to give safe do
we get up there have your child
what every father we come before you
month we can probably different humbly
as we know how same things about the
thanks for waking us up this morning
thank you for a lot of do we love Bob
for the spirit here the motivations of
lying here if you want these people
brothers please allow your anointing the
blowback of loving our ancestors name
and the universe name Amen three what
I know yeah hey let's still do it I want
everybody to do we go guys oh shit I
love you Tommy
they're now becoming shake that Laffy
Taffy that Laffy Taffy
okay
okay
whiskey windy junghwa to need a skittle
yes Larry huh and you Tommy put it she
called me every day
hey is this what taking on the bar basic
wildin out girl
I'll be working on vocabulary my answer
this blah blah basis don't ask me to
finish it don't y'all know I'll be cheap
so uh on the captain utter words
ah let's double counted black people on
us black hahaha
and the whole lot of people and they are
talented all the black bees
we shot two more episodes a while now
tonight
now I'm going to watch Matt stand-up set
Matt Wright does stand-up sarongs and
killing it dish thank you I'm the less
attractive white stunt girl and he you
know when he goes up and doesn't set I
pretend to be him a lot of white egg we
have to go for hair look man that's why
I'm glad I'm the only Asian on the show
bruh I thought all the producers you
better not get no no other fucking angel
my boys are cheese they try to get on
but you kind of had a no-fly zone for
them you got a lien homies trying to get
on the show
I had three fuck all of the agents
trying in a while now is only ie I right
Mac I won first because I look the way I
do right now I look like every vine and
YouTube douchebag coming everyone
laughing that has been taken that Bohol
haha I did I fucking hate those two
little words they make look like a
douchebag
you might postpone the easy thing ever I
use can't do it I'm at a level of cute
well it just not beneficial in the level
women are like okay and guys like nah
fuck that dude
now
okay
all right we got a most improved award
nobody does it better precision
MVP Chico yeah
one beginning for peace nah man nah
breakfast job man you know you know this
is dope you know me Carlos and email one
a - year I got written here before so it
feels good just be recognized man I
appreciate job
you know me I appreciate y'all and even
though I don't have some money I mean
you guys really did your thing c'mon
from everybody from top to bottom it
doesn't matter what your role was my
part maybe baby is the best piece and I
appreciate good last while out on three
everybody one two three Wow seriously
DeLaGhetto huh we're never leaving out
to get old huh too much money in the
ghetto that's why we always get home
oh-oh-oh
ready go
I'm sure I got okay no no no really we
are there it's a crazy hour man somebody
break it out we wanna break it up and we
are we are we really want our royal
penis is clean your highness thank you
King shit
