what do I have to make you my name Paul
I mean she's y'all think y'all teamed up
y'all this you just lose it since your
name's charlie that means you ain't the
Chocolate Factory in your the we Beluga
but in the round town with Glocks now so
wrong like you might Spock it you want
to be black we hope the Lupus but you
try to be white chocolate a whole long
respect these bars all you niggas be
faking we in the block whipping up eggs
you selling Canadian bacon
kisses huh you got up the l-word you
love it we don't thank you but laws the
n-word we really want to say thank you I
mean why do so much radium bacon it's
more so much you have in each way you
just promote breakfast because they're
girls that I scrambled their egg oh yeah
we thought this guy he cannot compete
with Corey's rhymes he's only wearing
this jersey number two the four-foot fun
huh you have to flow you can tell by how
they dressing down with nowhere to go
and you talking about scramble and eggs
you lost your virginity a year ago wrong
I really wanted em you ask the heavy
your noise so pointy it looks like you
dad will tell you you know what tell
dear I cut it because they can't rap on
beach and you know what D wrecked they
can't get saved by the benefit they look
like Zach and screech huh national free
I know someone okay we're happening
where are they we're possible
we ain't even mean even really puzzled
and I got it all why are you trying to
say puzzles I've already have both of
you salt going and this is something
you'll never know how do you even make
this show you ain't clever bro
your name's Clips because no one can
stain you for a full episode
there's the Bible talking place my right
hand y'all know how we do we're right
there but let's be honest that was only
hot because he was coming from the white
man done acts about me on a show be
poppin plenty guns a full episode my
rookie yeah I made 17 out of 21 ok
honest with the hey bring you here to
flee Nick watch stepdad were to battling
me oh wow you got to here you still win
LaRocca win and we look forward I jacket
from that is not know how here you go
now it's time for me to turn into my
alter ego pizza shirt I mean I could
still come through with a once arrested
your girl treat me just like this and
she's seen me and Jackie uh his dick
uh-huh I mean look all me why you even
trying to say
I got an alter ego you look like the
black version of mini-me from dr. evil
huh why are you even going against this
guy I know you know that it's great you
said something I was mad black you made
17 out of 23 I could beat you even if
ain't black John yeah you said oh you
said 21 ok well I guess I ain't got the
numbers right I mean you say in a baby
that ain't something right wait wait
something right slow wait dad y'all
understand when I said I just said that
cuz when you're this small everything
goes over your head oh my god
what happened would already talk like
that shitty small change you know I
ain't around the business a lot and I'll
see why you know because you like bogie
huh oh I'm - I like ball game just list
it to me clear
I think ball game but you can't make it
bring that ass here oh hey he's even
eating what ain't no life I work hard
but I'm by to keep which reason why went
on so many episodes because you know for
battle weapons a little brother and I
need bring them here wish I may
understand that's pretty clever but you
gotta be kidding me
about 86 episode all I gotta main they
speak that's a great ratio for the
people don't know all friends I kill you
in front of this camera sir walks up to
a soggy
I told with this thing it ain't nothing
for me to get the King broke your hand
if a problem start a flame you're happy
I got it I got it I got
okay with this rap shit when I have to
grab work on the cool down the smooth
it's neither
if I can put you with this hammer you'll
be looking so long tub everything you
make chemical you look like a new oh I
understand this guy already get ice on
it
what's your skinny ass up hey gravida
better better can't really like to add a
baby the moment to think counter falter
but I was going to workshops not a
homeless shelter
oh oh okay so far oh I think I need to
think quick move on the guy wearing
baggy pants that don't fit we hope that
you can talk sure they're true know what
you say I have no it said
take up to one take you out my back look
like a Fed I wish I can take this anger
and put it towards your friend oh yeah
you know oh you're gonna cut that right
I said you made fun of my hair
yeah I admit but you're so embarrassed
by your hair that the island Oh Rachel
boy did you like it because I can't come
on Don Juan DeMarco Go Go Thomas cube I
don't know if it's funny in whatever
world only thing I'm hiding and
everybody knows
hmm oh you kidding have their sex treat
yourself to the glass there ice micro
yellow but you're going to have tonight
to your customers coming for you oh
that's it oh yeah down oh it's help is
gonna put you money y'all got a big drop
stay down Randy I stayed out right bring
it Trump in you said choke that was
pretty obvious like when experience
unfolding this get out of there Roger on
you sad because like Trump's blocking -
I'm getting over Rio
okay how do you mean a wet so you're
gonna get over working away from we give
a career but be careful from zero pussy
and you might try to grab you here we go
first
okay stop now said this is practice and
I know you need a lot and I can tell by
jeans Viennese a lot like it go my knees
a lot but not stuck in that little
shrimp do you walk around here like you
with him man stop walking with their
lips which that yeah who the fuck around
minute like you need roll de marzi
honking all the money Berlin I don't
first thing that you think of maybe
detective and yeah
look so okay you know you like you know
you like shrimp and you should come with
me too because after you eat the shrimp
imma eat the seafood clatters I can see
that your woman is item to school I mean
you talk about seafood but that ain't
really what I do be I'm vegan
don't fuck with that shit shit hanging
up these you ain't got beat that's all
about the batter lows big it kind of
fills in that school she said I got your
dick
don't trip on I get you now said you can
handle room
don't trip I'm a legend
let me handle you that may be hard for
you so small no matter where I met
Stadium street ball I'm a ball oh I'm
still don't act like you wasn't on my
phone you made the call Oh Arsenal 1654
you is in my room
no go so people can help you out and
show you how to get to that plus one and
that's what this shit is about is plus
laughing good job y'all right
konichiwa and happy birthday I just want
to say her battle of that excellent
camera work I am very study in Oh
angles like I appreciate you oh yeah
yeah everybody killed it I think I think
they put me against you because they
knew that like I would be nice yeah you
look so pretty today and it's a birthday
so really oh how can I go in on your
luggage this bathroom is truly squiffed
Keigo bin why are you just like a
biscuit very funny very funny that was
rendered Emmanuel Hudson it is all right
that you know that I am not lying if you
were to get on a school but all the
children would start crying
why cause you look like the president
you my friend need to go and find it
fake it was so bored they gave me no
home so I don't trip your head is really
big if you sneeze your door front me ah
very funny very good good thank you when
it comes to spinning ride everyone here
knows that I do work
I breathe past you in the hallway and
your dress smell the booze uder I don't
know if it's because you did not shower
today or if you're just usually smelling
that molecule I do but my friend please
do not come to rehearsal smelling like
outside again you already have one
person here that makes us rinsing that's
great the end of all of this we shall
remain friend hey I'll check your own
okay you know check it does yo call he
bit right so I always come to rehearsals
late I mean close to an hour
you probably spent so much time picking
out your Jersey you forgot to take a
shower
mmm hey yo when it come to spitting fire
you know ain't later
I pull the biscuit out of that spot you
you gonna get ghost like Patrick Swayze
yeah I'll let you listen we all know my
name is completed right if you fill out
a biscuit you won't shoot it to an
editor rockers and now I still come
through and I'll be dead in the block
and I wasn't late ever her see today you
started at 11 o'clock yeah now they're
rehearsing start at 11 o'clock no boy
flying just smacked at me probably start
crying um you always talk it how you
would take the gun and get right we're
from the looks of it you probably never
even been in a fight back I mean yeah
Charlie clip just affirm that back it up
I got come on I got up what's up pussy
jumping in we will go so far we allowed
maybe you get get it to who I'd like to
eat like a come from the zoo
nigga oh let me go are you home sake
see I ain't got nothing to say to
somebody say something I don't know yeah
I guess you just said something Oh since
it make it say something I guess I gotta
say something all right
that's the case you want to get rowdy to
go to your skeleton with all that shit
you still I say nothing hmm I think you
just say you bluffing and you let your
strawberry muffin
hey-oh you look like somebody very great
uncle big cousin let's go grab this it's
fogging up you can't see nothing
boy I gotta go gee dresses yeah he gonna
go out right
can't go fuck no by you he need brain
show up that his brothers at he says hey
yo so y'all know without your flop in
reverse order one way the bottom row
your cheap is more crowded than a New
York subway
hey yo when they come to Carlos you
better give them respect if you ever go
to jail niggas is going nut on your neck
is often all that fake hip hop I'm
excite the bang heavy metal like
Slipknot huh I bought your bitch blossom
you the one with the Gucci flip-flop oh
okay I put this girl and I went gonna
say shit all she want to do is lay down
and take dick exactly how about you fuck
my girl that's not playing you ain't
never even around I didn't fuck your
girl I just got the head and she loved
to make a sound
Oh baby I swear she ain't Clementi she
took the nun to her face and then she
took my glasses got warming to the
picture to you I'm a nigga still rock
keep ah mr. come food boom he's over
here with two blocks and got friends and
crazy fuckin cuz I'm in your car Oh nah
these are here boy - gunfire okay ha ha
ha ha
that you made that
there now things to work on if you're
light on bars your light on personalized
get with these motherfuckers who do this
shit trust me they will help you they
will help you this is what we're here
good job we'll take a quick break the
Royal penis is clean your highness thank
you King shit
