what do I have to make you
oh just bill city engineer about your
life though you know and I'm in New York
and I got a little pull the hair yes how
many this gentleman right here your cell
bro he offered me from this liquor I
appreciate you'll find a fuckin jerk oh
yeah oh yeah yeah oh oh oh oh
New York's finest dark a dark rich is
that is no one out live think yeah you
know I did what I do feel way to be
happy guest today and then we had to be
at the table and I'm gonna make us wrap
a little bit of course yeah container
only get a menu bar oh yeah we do the
real line will be moving on to the 16 it
night out back
get from in the build on hey all that
gives you a nice warm up your China work
it's right thank you a lot I literally
do i rewatch love or like horn oh it's
your turn with me to snow and is your
job not building on I adore that oh my
God thank you so much new people are
good fuck some poor niggas all day today
all day I gotta watch what I say
FCB mike says to me take your green with
jealousy like him know when Hanna slow
no matter what the weather beaten Barten
straight fighters oh stop up in the
streets I can pop your tire girl
I enjoy simple fires but I'm still gonna
blow like solos and both wires so tired
state breaking his back mom's hair
getting great you stayed making it black
oh I'm gonna track the whole plan to me
go team go ahead of through the pain
like I got a no please reading sympathy
everybody noted a memorizer your lives
that I'm on the road to fame told your
game I do a better than her fella do you
say what's up to my ball - they never
blue tattoo roller bag and what happen
if you smell 50 Emma goes back Oh
so guess what it is Carlos Miller's
birthday what's up Chuck
I got the best friends spider-man alone
Finch y'all don't have one uh-huh green
juice for the super you break up any
area your penis like really hard
uh-huh like when she hits your paintings
of like like dance specific green juice
yeah you can hang your head off of it
speaking of happy get a hat attempt
today like yellow jab me a hat this is
loose bro I was walking around forever
21 and then the fucking had to say low
sunny somebody some haters gonna be like
that says low fuck you guys know it's
lows oh yeah ant ant ant
mother brother get me this car Dan in my
little brother he's a moment look look
at them come in you catch it you on my
birthday shit oh my god it's all not
birthday shit from Michelin this shit
click on these pages but we are you
birthday present suit all these J's like
all these days what's not like all these
days maybe these were present yeah I
bought those for me okay yeah fuck the
buyers they take their tentacles to
yourself make everybody laugh oh oh sale
oh oh oh hey oh you're sweet
they're always with babies anyway I was
looking on in it oh it's a family affair
yeah hello hi everybody's on the cell
phone but it's still there
uh-huh was good and I'd want that you're
welcome to everybody because I hate what
at the meal oh you're welcome
huh yeah though you know no Tony Tony
Antonio Tony oh dude no on everything
now you're paying for everybody
he was like I'm putting in a dollar for
every buzzer dreg a me if I'm paying for
the milk so this next little clip I'm
about to show you is some behind the
scenes of the wildin out workshops no we
do this every year before we shoot the
season to UM get to know the new cast
mates and to teach them the new games
and to sharpen up our improv skills go
to any questions practice any blocking
shit like that all right
I'll Cosby with that view oh I'm a duck
without the bill it's the murder with Q
I'm a doctor without the ill yeah I'm MJ
with Kapil yes I'm Ling with the field
I'm an actor real doctor with Sid hey
boy I'm even real burn man oh sandy oh
hey opposition to God for you I'm weird
what's you Johnny yeah okay so this game
right here is all about mirroring
whatever character or vibe the person in
front of you is giving off you got to
come up with a character and then you
have a little conversation but you have
to imitate whatever the person is doing
Nicole absolutely black rushing in my
life is five oh you know no no I am from
south out of money
that repeal what a me anyway you'll
you'll see the tattoo on my face I also
just made easy and Joel oh but whatever
whatever
we go with this sheet we just don't know
what he like it would you come up on DC
young Mexico where would that person st
mexican busy young as you feel I was
that was Mexican in one way is to a joke
next to me what's good love SEC react or
what the grand come I'll say like what's
the Mexican version of DC oh okay so I
see you coming up with the hair machine
normal flower around here I need you to
bring that full-on year that's funny how
better video with my hand ladies in DC
those five times what else with this
roof you know what are the what are the
Mexicans are how do you act I just
waited to japones like no typical
Mexican food cool and they were like
walk is gonna be extra I was like fuck
you mean walk is across the UK no
chicken if I'm ready to came to see on
slide if you must eat a little bit like
a chicken you must be busy
ha ha ha hold on a stay where y'all just
come along like this empty a foot if you
have nice and sell out of ideas races
there right now that was a Jamaican very
unless a person problems and he is right
it's not some brown dude right here a
lawyer but Dwayne yes sir the loop when
I approach you ah Gary
this motherfucker is testing me waitin
up that's really Republic you ain't
around all these climates and not doing
what I tell you to do all these private
he better joke um I will do my best to
be the person you want me to be sir on
your knees I mean
hahahaha yes a whole little layer in
between on this show you could have a
funny joke would be like ah how would my
sixth grade teacher say this how would
the guy works at up several other things
going to get you to another layer and
he'll fun oh I got some more shit I got
to edit because I can't forget about my
YouTube shit even though I'm out here
working on the TV shit you know your boy
is grinding on both sides out here I've
been in New York for like a week now be
out here for like a few more weeks if
you're in New York and want tickets to
go see Wilin out I'll put a link in the
description below and also don't forget
to watch the new episode of going raw my
show on full screen tomorrow we got -
exp and this shit is how Larry is
alright here we go that's what happens
when you eat too much snitch fallacious
epic are but you called it how many of
those you get imma go for the ear right
yo back
ok so cool I got really a firm cartilage
ooh I don't have a very squishy face a
lot of coal Alaska I was really big
nostrils so you say you're not fazed by
this nice one fat lose a couple of these
don't sound
alright job gonna a royal pain is a
clean your highness
Thank You King shit
