all right so good morning
I'm about to do this video that I had in
my head for a long time now where I've
seen both parts of a whole new world
right so I got Lonnie here with line
yeah I got Lana here Megan um half my
face to be real pretty
I mean pretty girl version because you
know I'm already pretty so yeah I'm over
here a jukeboxes house slash studio and
uh Emma should be good she's about to
get 20 million views watch yeah yeah so
I didn't finish this shit um and I'm
telling you man y'all ready bro y'all my
Papa John's my boy Duke come with those
videos on ants enemy fire beeps yeah
what you didn't do this to me I'm doing
this willingly and I hey what's wrong
guys we got a we're good hey good good
you know what I guess I'm man cracking
pray I appreciate you bro Oh new
Fantastic point of view no one to tell
us no or where to go what they were only
dreaming all that way to my very first
booty Barre class it is some booty class
but it's all ballerina abs with their
little pointy little toes and their pas
and their pulse phase so my girl teach
me style is teaching tonight and she's
going to teach me about some Bui games
this is where the booty stomach happened
before sorry sorry you're often Ranieri
oh so this is the booty danger room
it's intense but I was doing all sorts
of shit I was like and this is the girl
that destroys all booty hi everybody off
yeah this is it about this channel tell
them is very nice cable but just like
tell them hoes it is alright students so
I actually like I was you know I am
sweating
Aaron's gonna love it right because go
for topless no bro you doesn't go
exactly the same spot No
originally I was just keeping it
together well I just got done shooting a
one of my favorite segments that was on
a TV called dad jokes as soon as I
comedy like yo this my shit they hit me
like yeah I love me a corny joke I feel
like people don't appreciate that enough
so absolutely not good game man very man
did you come a fire with the fire with a
fire I'll check out three two one
check it out God that booty workout was
insane my speech was on fire from the
first minute up until the very end
it was amazing my booty bump to get so
big I wish that I could have filmed me
in action and doing some of the moves
but Tim isn't here when I need him to
film me when I want him to show me but
it did the workout I swear so I were
back on sing back I'm back with Jean
Tatro so as I've said before man not a
lot of people I originally fuck with one
day for four or fuck I fuck with YouTube
and for a nice and I fuck in this
business dude did he take a leg Anna
thanks for coming on my show a row and
then perhaps I got that new shit on full
screen man I need to download the force
we have to go watch to see it director
sure god it's a great show aka it's a
great loss I'll just buy a super
positive ions of energy positive
energies energy sodium high in this very
high energy high bod and I love it and
he has facial hair now what can you feel
sparse it is this is from the side I had
something done
I just wanted to clear that up because
I'm sure they will be common on the
weekends when I am not at work painting
nails full-time I am at home working on
my blog stuff so today I will probably
just shoot some things right something
post some things and if some things just
do some blog things but first I need a
smoothie for breakfast because I'm
hungry Santa got above us other stars of
action all right so uh the end of the
night I'm shooting the special thing of
my boy Matt right gentlemen Matt was a
I'm the token a twelve-hour now expose
the lie boil Wilin out go go
we took that we picked up like we would
not a while now I'm getting slack make
dinner Magnum yeah yeah damn give it to
them no now kids like I'm a model
mm-hmm I'm a ham I'll - hey and yeah
ladies getting another clean beautiful
uh-huh tickle you can find me everywhere
just don't blow your nut though go -
grab a look at my nuts and go FK it got
burned by hot tea real story true story
laugh like that so we are here shooting
this thing and I mean that's all I can
say really look like reform is all my
hope not but it's what go edible
beautiful going on Vimeo y'all wait for
that this new it what you what you have
a but well over free for both love
dissolves a content in free fire
we're talking about shit watch they
coming up with the ass cheek
I'll get free $400 Gladney Dominican
ain't no life after a full day it is
3:00 a.m. I'm finally home that was
three shoots in a motherfuckin day brah
three a.m. much it started at 11 a.m.
that's a 14-hour day son what you know
about that
son huh your boy is out here go right
ding grinding you know what's crazy is
this shit I saw tonight with Matt I was
supposed to shoot this like two weeks
ago and he was like a bro we shouldn't
this thing it could really do big things
and some opportunities for this and that
I wanna get to details but basically I
was supposed to go to the Philippines
the island of Boracay for my birthday
week ish with Benji in them and booze
both but I canceled my trip to that shit
because we were supposed to be shooting
this that week and then the day came I
was thinking like I'm gonna make grown
man decision I can go to the Philippines
any time to turn up let me get this
worked let me see what this potentially
could lead to so I cancelled the
Philippines trip and then the day we
were supposed to shoot Matt was like bro
some shit happen with production we got
a postpone so I could have went into the
motherfucking Philippines but it's okay
man it's all part of the grind it's all
part of life you know everything happens
for a reason I was actually breaking out
that week anyways
and right now my shits looking kind of
nice I'm kind of clear right now so
maybe maybe it was supposed to go down
like that so I would look cute on camera
you know saying oh well either way
what's done is done
we shot it it looks amazing and now I'm
ready to oh I got a couple pimples
coming up under here but it's okay it's
okay I'm in my bed
I'm comfy flying in New York on Monday
for some ol Wilin out shoe your boy is
tired
good night so royal penis is clean your
highness
Thank You King shit oh I'm sitting
together I get on a mistress going blah
do you enjoy the dictate in general I
don't know anybody who's been like yo
look at this bombastic thing here's the
thing Shannon we don't get some shitty
Thomas : that was a close one
this Apple
what's the best way to go about being
president director is you okay yeah and
your stupid beer who's your selfie and
they big
