so this is our couple o'clock take a
nice lovely walk nowadays here's a tip
okay fellas always make the girl walk
then go
appreciate it no going to appreciate it
later when she's rubbing your feet and
they don't stink because you are putting
a lot of effort into the walking and
girls should always walk on the inside
yeah I thought you that no way that's a
little nice okay there's two reasons why
girls should walk on the inside and I do
it now just kind of instinctively but I
heard one reason is because back in the
old days if a girl was walking on the
outside that means you were selling her
that mean she was like a prostitute and
I also heard that like you know just
push down on the outside because like
just in case if it was an accident
accident a John driver came he would
need first instead of you right I didn't
hear that until I started growing up
around all the Mexicans out here in
Paramount that's where I learned it from
that's why I do it but apparently it's
like a rule or kind of like an unspoken
rule everywhere like I have this always
known that weird I mean even like loser
children like you put them to the inside
yeah I guess that makes a men and
children women and children video women
and children
things will never be the same what I
used condom disgusting all right it's
that time of the week when I gotta take
kids shipper back to Canadia hi thank
you for a lovely visit it was a good
means of a good weekend I was I'm not
even like how did you get another tomato
yes every name yeah same but it's like
but we put on for the vlog you know we
would offer you guys but you can be able
to maintain this vlog we go back I'm
gonna keep plugging away or well yeah I
can do it I think it's cool I mean I
like this place cause I think you've
loved it I think you love it I think
you're addicted
how wiII I do when you find like move in
LA you know it
will it or will I get stickier than
Aggie now maybe like you know we can be
just too much
well maybe you break out but I am
keeping you from the diamond what I'm
actually getting a diamond I'm keeping
it
and it's mine okay would you give me
back the block camera though it's
fucking a baking bricks in the
background because after this we're
going to shoot a couple of those of my
TV show on full screen called going raw
before that on the full screen app if
you don't have that downloaded yet oh
I'm going to get I get out and this is
going wrong do you enjoy the dick pic in
general I don't know anybody who's been
like yo look at this fantastic thing
here's the thing Shannon
let's read woohoo we gonna get some city
from surely that with the Cold War this
apples
what's the best way to go about being
president direction
thank you okay yeah and your stupid beer
who's your selfie and they actually got
a bunch of like good moving shit on
there too so he's gonna watch my
favorite and then stay tuned for a new
show on on Netflix Chia exposed
she has gone what Canadians gone wild
with Chia happy coming soon
give a little kingpost EP but I'm not
sure when I'll be back in LA although I
do know it's going to be like six weeks
six whole we let me keep log in so thank
you
finally they did all my troubles all day
yesterday I went to work early this
morning I got groceries and I shot a
little video for my blog now I'm just
getting ready to go to my girlfriend's
dinner party for her birthday
we're going for some Korean barbecue and
I hope that's all because yeah girl is
old and tired so I'm here on the set of
my new full screen show is coming
exclusively to a full screen app called
going raw one of my first guest is your
boy what's up dogs and I'm honored that
you have me as one of your perfect man
I'm just glad you could make it bro you
don't fuck with you man just don't it
was like shirt you're not sure there is
a nice Sara dog would you get dead
Oh magic dope also called very brand I
fuck with it yeah maybe awesome dope
shit on theirs like yo thang better mix
net effect oh oh okay yeah I'm a cop
tonight I think you need to see her
getting turnt job hey hold on of that
Timothy she's not a thread both at Red
Bull Red Bull but did she write here did
she write here oh is that for real
you call it's real heavy feet here it is
if he bullshit is not oh it is real yes
oh the adobo the open it up we'll get my
family that celebration we are good show
that Timothy oh good one so we just
wrapped up another episode of this show
king bad fever order I am bro oh yeah
unfortunately no I just automatic
thought ematic video moves that a
portrait selfie mode this is a
motherfucking a chamber I can click
record button what is right is it
abortion Sophie Oh Oh cuz look cuz like
oh you can do it like that and when you
flip it when you flip it it knows your
selfie and
yeah I was like what are you talking
about there's an inside joke in there
you guys won't know until you watch the
show but uh thank you kickback for
coming through
yeah it got a little messy yeah I beat
him at beer pong nothing at all y'all
being so good guys wait so I'm just
settling back into my cozy Canadian life
I was just in LA for Tim's birthday and
now I'm back home so my life when I'm
home is very different from my life in
California I wake up every day I go to
work for 9:10 sometimes 12 hours a day
and then I come home I'll eat really
quick I'll go to the gym come back home
take a shower
chill and then I honestly just spend the
rest of my night in bed blogging and
I'll do this for a couple of hours until
I fall asleep and then I just wake up
and I do it all over again so my life at
home is very much like clockwork and
I'll do this for five or six weeks until
Tim and I have another vacation and we
can see each other again so it's pretty
different from what you guys see in
California all right so uh I'm heading
for the club because my dude Myron was
like man your birthday this we come to
the club I'm like fine I'll come to the
club and then coincidentally might
Toronto avoid them what
my man man's am i Toronto man them are
in Tampa those will close it up man what
up roses unders may see I prepare 200
and we went along with them well they
actually now bring all the emphasis on
the beer and I feel like I can't if I
grew a beard I would I want to I would
want to put flowers on it like other
seconds oh you're like membership yeah I
just mean us with the flower beard I
can't do that mine and just do that
Hawaii yeah they was I wanted them to
sabrage at night but it's also super
late so I'm gonna holler than everybody
in the club oh there is no yes bro oh so
good apart yeah
thank you
whoa
Oh
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
