we just will cough I have a little bit
of dead head this morning I actually
don't mind it because I really dark
circles today so what we're doing is
cooking some freshmen I'm making some
eggs that I made some turkey bacon these
are probably burnt already kids warming
up his fuck warming up and fuck so in
some leftovers in there make it some
leftover fuck vessel today I don't think
we're really doing much are we not in
today we are we're celebrating you
because it's international women oh yeah
breakfast egg and coz you're an
independent woman and you can do
whatever you want so every year on my
birthday I get my mom flowers and how in
tradition now I do a mom flowers and I
feel like I can't do anything on my
birthday she's the one who went through
labor she won the care of me she's won
it pushed me out or got her tummy sliced
open because my head was too big so I
was give my mom some flowers
she was waiting in the car right now
I'll get the flowers no that's so tim
has a little tradition for his birthday
he always buys his mother flowers
because she was in labor for like 11
years I think and to my surprise he
caught me my own little honey bunches of
old I figured you know I might as well
you hear what because you love me I love
you and cuz it's Women's Day a thing
that me is you and you are a light in my
life
he sings you him now is going to get
into the habit of giving me flowers on
his birthday in hopes that I never have
to endure the labor that his mother did
on when she delivered him you'll be fine
if you got those you got those wide
berth giving hits
you'd be a start
we slide out like a slide let's just
hope my pelvic region is large enough to
twist and shimmy and shake that baby I
did I kick their butt yeah hey he's
gonna take as hedges like me babe
they don't you have you got them here
happy birthday
well maybe you don't know you I know I
should clean this for benefit I wouldn't
in that works I love you too mom
so we out here at the shoreline village
in Long Beach having some beer oh in the
celebration of International Women's Day
we're having some Rafi now why would
that what of it because women they don't
super cool things they keep it raw you
know I'm saying yeah they got the
natural flavor they don't need to do too
much raw and they say like you know like
rockets like vagina
so be growth babe Women's Day okay
grow grow real women and blows would put
those other people good so Karen is
walking around Long Beach like force
them to take some blood photos for me I
take amazing photos by the way he does
take some of the good pictures
I like I I contemplated being one of
those guys is just like take pictures of
models all the time for Instagram
especially good to use that I'm pretty
good mind about which is like things
because the model goes on like all week
lad of it well scan looking scantily
clad no I feel like you would be paid
hemp ensign Henson Lee handsomely all
right I'm down models was good
we're going to start a new India Graham
Disney taking pictures of people but
he's gonna be row expensive so unless
you got the money oh yes I'm good right
now can't you look a little blogger now
look at you oh hey wait a second wait
who's looking like it is it getting a
light oh yeah find out light find a
booty like a okay miss what the cakes
are like our saying hi to the peoples
right now they're like subscribe to my
channel hello people ascribe to my
channel this lovely lady right here she
bakes cookies hi and she brought me a
cookie cake for my birthday what so
single cell I don't know who you are
my name is Nina aha sweet Nina yummy aha
and I brought Shimla thank you and I'll
thank you happy birthday I kill hey hey
let them know thank you thank you we're
gonna find your cookies it look me up we
use cookies all over follow me at nina
love na
go you BVB just super fire baby what you
trying to get a piece of cake cake cake
cake cake cake cake cake if I get a
piece of egg cake
dun dun dun dun dun Dhin Dhin Dhin Dhin
Dhin Dhin Dhin Dhin and it cut the cake
come on cut the cake
this is so good oh yeah yeah what you
got to do warm it up throw us some ice
cream on there
mmm alright guys so I'm trying to lose
like ten pounds um before this next
season Wilin out we head to New York um
at the end of March he is next to me why
is it every time the cameras on the air
superb - you are a gluttonous creature
eating ice cream and cookies next to me
in bed
but if Nina's cookies Reese's Pieces
service comes this business beautiful
you are the devil not me
listen what I must want to watch the
film RL and three days I know you would
give it the good hey you know excuse me
I get - oh hello
Okoye yeah I'm human McQuaid come on
juggle on the camera get everything how
real man to do um can I take my safety
make a noise
no on the button up yeah you go right
ahead
he really hurt himself different that's
probably really hurt no raise it hurt me
we're at the Nike store and I made him
buy these men leggings because I like
the way that they look on guys and Tim
has particularly muscular legs so I
thought why not show them off in some
tight spandex leggings like baby I'm
still like you know as I wasn't
comfortable like this is Rock'em yeah
without he stores like I saw like they
didn't look bad how they look when I was
walking without the story I mean I like
them but I can understand the feeling of
being uncomfortable thank you you know
but you can't do look in those you can
see I'm working them out right now yeah
this is gonna be so if you could work
out for us all yeah well yeah you feel
it mm-hmm my hamstring yeah good one
mm-hmm does a good job like that yeah
yeah man I think we're so cool what
airport there were no where's anymore oh
come on they're so fun I like everything
like a suti kind of ease in there oh
they're so cool so if your butt
okay get out hoverboard at me oh that's
actually scary I did flinch
in no world
if you want to
ever die we look around and view it
how you feeling Hans been awhile
understand it's the goal and I don't
like it oh my god but I feel like this
one's like way more cocky Oh like a
little more sensitive yeah the black one
that's the trend that is quite practical
oh my god what the Oh baby don't fall I
mean it would be amazing vlog footage
with no flaw okay with everybody
everybody else's hello kitty hi come on
oh where oh you're so enthusiastic yeah
Oh came out of nowhere Oh someone's want
some attention
oh hey I gotta go if you pinky mr. green
Oh what do you want what you doing over
there
I'll get a little stretching close it
I'm gonna company over we're just gonna
take some pictures
so apparently this hat has been in the
complexes he did why the fuck am i I'll
never miss you never see like I kept
been here for years she should be there
by now that's why I was saying man black
pussies are the friendliest you know
there's the Royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
