look what I get you you're exposing me
remember when I told you guys that I was
all irritated because I had to check a
bag for Tim's present I'm about to give
him his gift hey hold up your hand it's
a big bubble thing mmm can you open it
but careful it's fragile oh my god if we
adopt a child it's our baby
maybe I think I know what it is what I
think it's liquor that I can't get in
the United States no no I like No
am I wrong probably whoa no I know you
did I knew it
I met beauty that you're taking a bag
like she got some alcohol so Hennessy
white is so good but for whatever reason
you can get it in the United States for
whatever reason we found it what time is
Jamaica
okay nope Holly and Brandon brought it
back from Mexico twice Thank You officer
and just one shot I'm going to put all
over your body and drink it up Oh drop
out of anyway I will do with that but
that's the half way so so me and Tim are
your timid I know me and Tim Tim and
ideas are just hanging out at home I
booked him a dinner reservation but it's
not until 9:45 we have some time to kill
where are we going it's a suppliant
so we're just hanging alive we're going
to stable if your fucking Hobbit feet
out of here look friggin Hobbit look
okay just know that I'm not Panda okay
then Peter Jackson if you are ever
looking for a cab fare casting for the
next Hobbit he just need this guy is
short and big-ass feet all you have to
do is put some hair on there mr. solo
and this is how 10 feet red are the
majority of his right you see the way
he's like big tails goes over the other
toe sometimes I'll just like do this and
I'll untie them but literally within
like a matter of seconds they will just
go back to their natural resting state
you know what I think I'm rethinking
this T of vlogging big ha ha ha ah it's
gonna be fine look what I get you you're
exposing me fuck you're there your
fucking make love ha ha ha dopey fuck if
I was alone she is but he has the most
chickeny muscley legs I've ever seen
and he hasn't worked out a Dainius lies
you're dead chicken but cat watch it
he hasn't worked out a day in his life I
don't know where he gets these caps from
the old Chicago cetera so he doesn't
deserve these he doesn't George a dog
can't beat and then
hey this give this toter composter conds
we'll go back how comfy so chia made
birthday reservations for me at some
mystery restaurant I don't know where
we're going baby where we going on it's
a mystery
yes to know and of course I'm taking
forever you're a women women am i right
am i right okay never mind that booby
looking right so you can take all the
time you need visit if you going huh I'm
in a block oh my god
ah
so I'm just trying to get ready to go in
this birthday dinner and nothing is
rushing me we still have so much time
and lisas freaking out
debo Lido mint sinful night when we are
late we need to be low-key don't
understand la reservations are in West
Hollywood so folks for life now we're
fine thanks
a significant placeholder in all this
rage and to might not giggle sighs you
got the holy fear what slug ha ha or
maybe it's a big coincidence
what's that all y'all happen to be nice
what's up dog what's up so we go home
again seated we're getting some
happy fucking birthday okay so you know
I never plants it for my birthday but I
thank you everybody
that came out thank you yay thank you
guys oh you focus yes thank you happy
birthday Spencer yeah
good day for real though hi brother
Benji - thank you brother thank you baby
thank you putting it together thank you
far as I can okay thank you Rick and
Benji presented of a
so it's my day of birth and my lovely
boo thing miss Chi is cooking me up a
little breakfast thank you baby the best
um birthday breakfast makes him a nice
birthday breakfast I'm sausage and runny
super runny fried eggs let's hope you
like this man some avocado for health
want to drink um watermelon juice
watered-down sure baby
also can be my token I'll be brave yeah
babe of course a zombie thank you babe
you know what the best present is waking
up to your beautiful face baby or
anything of a beauty rack we have it she
actually has the best she sleeps so
angelically you like I'll look over and
to literally be sleep like this incense
yeah we're not truly when you're not
drooling and like a cheese puffs isn't
hanging out of your mouth but like yeah
which you just knocked out it's like a
lot it's like
it's pretty crazy pretty amazing you
burnt my toast I take everything back so
she is over here taking a time-lapse of
a tree or some shit
and now we got dinner plans we got
places to go
we got to meet up with the fam we have
that tree going babe let it cool away
don't move don't move it's gonna mess it
up
notice it is wet this tree is lit oh
they're happy you room I said it's
nothing it bothers you look cool again
give the car keys no luck from court
right Neil he ain't even a cop getting
the core get to where the core is crazy
go
what'd ya get in a coma getting caught
they would get out running at me right
now
hey hello welcome back welcome back from
Thailand yeah you said you one Monday
fun day for a while
uh-huh so is it Sunday Oh today is
Sunday that's right oh you got me a
d-trix me we got like a portal we got
some scrimp we got some spring rolls
we got some fish it's a snack over there
and I've lost some of that Georgia gold
KFC that everybody is talking about
okay openness what you got for me at
present I should say mmm look I know
that it fit you never know it says oh
it's aki-nee's Athena belches sir Lena
Belcher on Bob's Burgers my favorite
show
I love the royal pain is just clean your
highness
Thank You King shit
you
