it's my baby's birthday it's my was here
helping any fam through the skid of her
hey was that gas and uh yeah it's crazy
how your booty stuffing looked real from
here like it looks like I questioned
every girl nothing Dan it looks like you
just either did like a mad squat or
maybe you got like some shots a oh whoa
okay go ahead I thought oh yeah okay
momentum all right so uh we are here in
your fans house shooting a low paying
for her channels you got a new channel
about the lots of drop and I can't
believe you haven't made YouTube videos
until now damn that's height let me get
you into good lighting because you got
the softbox I am hello oh yeah making
subscribe to her channel when it's
already night that'd be nice
it's cool they know that is that Muppet
baby you're cool is really flexible Amy
too much too much guys aren't supposed
to be flexible like that it's not even a
good thing if we're talking dirty the
girls he can put his head off his legs
all the way up fellas I used to work
with this girl at California Pizza
Kitchen who was like who was like yeah
me and my boy we're getting freaky last
night and I his legs up and everyone's
like what sauce it was what kind of I
kind of put this up look I'm down to
experiment but the effort
my legs up have an insane work week this
week because I will leave for LA on
Friday for Tim's birthday I got him a
couple presents but don't tell him he
loves presents so I'm going to crush up
the next four days and I will see you in
LA if you are wondering what I got Tim
for his birthday I don't have it yet
I went above and beyond for this so when
I get it in my hands I will show you and
he better damn well love it okay so
whenever I blog and with other people I
always like shout out a vlog warning
because a lot of people will my friends
personally not everybody wants to be on
camera you know and she is not you know
she was just getting used to the camera
Rick hates that shit so it's like I
always need to give a warden Lee I got
vlogging vlogging so everyone will kind
of sit up I remember like I used blogger
Rick when he would be comfortable so it
was like everything is not looking right
present like I was like vlogging and
then he sits up you know so we have a
special guest here today so if you watch
vlogs on YouTube
ah this guy's been doing it for a long
time is one of the og vloggers I mean
that's that's true it's true his logs
killing it though everyone give it up
whoa give it a hug for bit what's up
before bank what's up what's up what's
up
oh my god I mean I'd honored to be here
and I didn't expect that kind of
introduction of course man and by the
way I'm loving this Thai beer I might
have to switch it up Thai be a chimes
imma go over to the Thai restaurant dude
or better yet why don't we just go to
Thailand and just start Tom beer it's
everywhere here China bails it how are
you bro I'm good man hey you're looking
good you make me feel like I should push
ups wait what yeah I called you to do
some push-ups couldn't get all this weed
you push no I said you make me feel like
I need to do some push-ups
all right by the way I'm going to put
Chris on the spot but Chris would really
look
or demeaning you because he's known new
crew me and why you got it why you got
to put them out well you got to put them
I got embarrass him like that haha but I
was telling him that get ready because
Tim is one of the coolest guys on
YouTube I think most people might not
know that for whatever reason sex
I love the man I love they can just drop
off like totally cordial and I have
etiquette and be classy you know you
know go rap on stage yelling and
everything it's about it's a it's a
balance about having a balance you know
people are complex I feel like one
minute you can be talking about how much
you enjoy a jiggly butt and the next
minute later you guys look that's Lexi
doesn't Lexi so you can go you know give
a gift to Chia helps me a romantic yeah
I have to dig Levi behind your living
room that lizard she is underwear
actually that's on okay so one minute
you can be playing with eglee and so I
want Jamie but in the next minute you
can be talking about how much you
appreciate a girl's personality visit
humor it's my people are complex you
know I'm saying I can say fuck one
minute and I can say how much I love my
mom another minute you know my same work
week is finally over I am now at home
trying to pack for LA but I don't really
know what to take I'm too tired to do
this shit right now
I will probably just think like one
thing and then just buy whatever I need
over there which is like nothing cause I
don't plan on leaving the bed ever and
that is not in a dirty way but I do have
Kim's present do you want to see you so
what I have been told is that white
Hennessy is not very easy to come by
very easy to come by or do people say
it's hard to come by
whatever
it's hard to find so I went online and I
was going to order this from like
friends and shipping was absolutely
insane so X that idea
thank God my friend Holly and Brandon
were in Mexico they were just coming
home
I sent Holly a text and I'm like girl
shut the duty-free see if they have
white Hennessey there I want to get it
for Tim's birthday let me know if they
have it they did and they brought me
back a bottle and this is going to be
tins gift so Tim you Oh Holly and
Brandon because they brought this from a
land far far away and he was like a man
I really want to eat some our mom thank
you some more like delicious to eat and
so okay so like I like to go to spa
called the big cats in Long Beach
because I feel like it's better than
Boise crabs don't be mad at more than
how much they love you all so we got a
bunch of seafoods and shrimp some
crawfish some crab legs and some corn or
and I yes
I never think that
bro it the only time I don't take people
back as well here because my hands go
Henry sighs minutes later so as you can
see we killed that whole thing
aha how's it been G a 10 out of 25
that's a long
well then we sing gringo it was actually
really I want to bring this awesome God
in here I would do that you see it's so
greasy but it's so good this is mystic
now my fingers are going to smell like
that sauce for like a week so see a bass
sorry if you want to like it's gonna be
like licking my fingers or the next
couple days it's going to taste like
this right here
no she gets you on Friday yeah don't
blame me she does well let me just do it
oh that's me oh so guess who's back from
Thailand
finally hello
hey what's up dad how are you what I'm
talking my mom so I am slightly annoyed
because I have to check a luggage this
time around and I hate checking a
luggage I am carry on life but because I
have this big bottle of alcohol I'm
going to double triple quadruple wrap it
in this bubble wrap that I got from the
post office today but if this thing
breaks or cracks or spills in my luggage
I am going to be right but it's all from
my baby it's my baby's birthday it's my
birthday it's my so paranoid of the
Tennessee breaking on the plane or in my
luggage so I've literally wrapped it in
so much bubble wrap I think this is how
I'm going to give him his gift what is
it I wonder hand Nessie
we made it Sally now in this waiting for
him to come it sees me yeah there he is
mr. Maserati
you're late Oh
yeah royal penis is clean your highness
Thank You King shit
