was good American I'm ty Fieri and we're
looking for America's greatest diners
drive-ins and dad what do I have what up
though you already know you know how to
switch up the look new year new me going
for that Jun Tao you know say there is
no more Tim it is only ty Pierre DG them
yeah look who we got here DeVoe so Sal I
just want to give a shout out to town
you know I'm saying cuz he like a real
good dude and it's so light I just want
to say Tim thank you hey having me at
your place of course done and um hey
yeah yeah - she lost like 60 pounds man
it snappy and say stick this man is
looking sexy right now kind of like okay
jawline cozies love it okay okay you
know I'm looking at low you know okay
ladies so let me give y'all some tips
uh-huh so basically you don't say on
what I'm doing this intermittent fasting
okay you know I'm saying so what you
want to do is this is real this is a
real thing okay
joke around a lot but I'm trying to give
y'all some real tip how does it work
what is it so peep this knot right
depending on your schedule so what you
want to do is you want to eat for a
window of eight hours
that doesn't mean you eat for the entire
eight hours so and if you don't eat for
sixteen hours I mean for me I do 12 to 8
is my eating window uh-huh and then I
don't eat after 8:00 all the way to the
next day till 12 kg body time to just
get to do it yet so you don't eat after
8:00 I don't eat after 8:00 and I don't
need before 12
you don't eat before 12 Oh interesting
16 hours fasting now also what you want
to do is I'm only consuming 1500
calories okay
within that eight hours this man is
taking this is serious not playing
real sex which is sexy for for me oh
that's beautiful man
that's beautiful man you know what dog
know that God you know what dog yeah
give me a hug bro how did you this I
appreciate this I just did a skit with
this man had to bring - you down here to
shoot this skit cuz I love ya they don't
know how far me and you go back yeah you
like the originator yeah and then I kind
of stepped in the game - a little bit
well yeah and then you know so Tim he
had real loud in the best dish but you
don't say so Tim you know same in Tim
went bend down so like 2000 left
mmm 10 is been a hot minute mm-hmm in a
hot minute song again shouts out to this
man you know I'm saying low everything
you're doing thank you bro yo you know
I'm fuck with you - a rod don't stop
come on son
I put him in a video way back it was I
had to deal with haters you was
screaming in my ear
remember that don't get me to delegate
Oh more like Timothy no they're not like
the first joint
I was hype as hell because you know Tim
you know back then was killing me
ai yah right all right no shade Oh Tim I
feel like you still up there
but just I mean I'm still I'm still the
top of my game yeah it's just not as
many people are watching but you want TV
on YouTube you want teeth nothing evil
on YouTube you're doing real thing I'm
on TV now we're on TV you're doing it
real big which was the goal and you did
it Thanks that was like your new year's
resolution for like 2012 do longer than
that but yeah yeah since I was 12 and
you did it now I'm gonna be here I got
some questions by the way about flight
Riley now stuff but I'm asked to that
you know okay
nothing I want to know some stuff all
right girl all right that's why you can
say see put the cameras mm-hmm so uh
Eric I are working on a cholo rap album
man Eric gave me up he's like hey man
can you hop on this track and I like
how's like wait you want me to do is I
just like oh oh it up
all right so make sure you keep an eye
out for that show low comedy album
follow my boy Eric could be doing
already and then my homegirl Sabrina
from high school can't do this eh what's
up brought her little children's over
and let me tell you this little girl
gave me the baby fever bro cheer
I'm ready get your ovaries ready because
I'm about to plant all types of seeds in
that bit video leave the video see
so then I had to fly to London Ontario
to do like a college gig at Western
University CSA brought me out and do a
meet and greet judgey little talent show
hi Patti no fast guys silly hoes FAA
terminals is all I have
oh my gosh yeah
okay so after a long-ass flight delay
like six hours and like missing a
connection I'm here in London Ontario
what's up guys and it's gonna be like
doing a little meet greed judging a
talent show of parents engagement events
some clubs shit I don't know what you
know what the tunnels go I do it's
called Western boy oh I just learned
that like earlier hey what's up guys
never been here before yeah it's cold
it's all good I'm you I'm used to it
and agrees we all your meeting agreed
where we have where we yet what you
trying to say about Rick would you try
to say no take a look around
where are you reach the Rick's you
citizen he's used to his life bro with
the goodie hoodie yeah and the
primitives a papi
hello what is this alright this for your
Betty are you
uh-huh thank you and what was this so
it's not safe in the airport you know oh
let's go that's pretty handy
oh whoa damn well thanks yeah no please
turn up that's good are you I'm at
Webster University you learn it Ontario
make the noise
and I love si si once again shout out to
si si and Western University for
bringing me out showed me mad love I
appreciate y'all and since I was only
like a 30 40 minute plane ride away from
Toronto decided to stop by Toronto and
say and reach to my Toronto mandem so um
I had to go alright so um I'm in Toronto
right now and you know I had to link up
with my dude a lot early engagement a
lot of all that shit Asian alien gang
shit a whole lot a whole lot of shrimp
sit a whole lot of mussels sit and feel
it shout out the tap this boil boil out
here hop hospitalizing us you feel me
I've never been up into you in a boiling
crap yeah yeah same shit same shit
so we out here fill me it's not dirty
then it's not anything exactly then what
you wear gloves for Bo well like with
enough to this we're gonna go to the
studio and I got like five tracks I'm
vegan
yeah the royal pain is this clean your
highness
Thank You King shit
