so I'm in Las Vegas because um risk road
this road Greg I stop talking stop
talking a blogging risk rose was like
hey Tim can you come judge this beauty
pageant I'm putting together and I was
like oh anything for withdrawal or if
it's any math and then what a treat goof
is here as well what's up what's up you
got some acting on bun popping right now
and and so we've got to go scrutinize
and analyze these girls they coming in
without to interview them super late
currently I don't know why this course
is posed all seductively like this but
uh I'm not mad though she could get it
or he could get it or whoever he is
whoever she is they can get it Dulce
what you thinking nasty man you either
wanna find it on your sown as you Dirty
Dozen
guys guys you guys might not know this
what do say is dirty okay okay so at the
Casa de san and OA response what is this
what are we doing um it's raining
hat when you danke Schoen yawning good
thing y'all don't know about that
okay continue ranches cute is actually
right there you see it you cannot go in
there unless you're in one of these
little oh this will be abusive
ribbit the animal mommy
Wallabies peacock peacock yes one of
these horses and over so and 1p Mankin
one time and wonderful on the waterfalls
I say months no penguin
oh my god yo it's late get on that plane
his old acquaintance of mine is it with
I got a China women baby jealous no a
somatic
who all he still has the plastic on the
furniture like a look like a Asian or
black family doesn't want you to stay in
the pillow
okay gold gold this is cool I think you
guys need to get off your phones enjoy
the moment get off the NAP chat hi where
I take all my first date we're drunk and
then we take off we're gonna take them I
don't have enough gas money to go to
like Arizona wait that's the engine all
right
hey what's up girl
all right guy what's up dude damn horses
are big de lo ok could you be but that
can be what you want is like the biggest
of them all oh hello oh yeah these are
all pure blood Arabian horses and all
their things go always occupy see well
cool that's why they're worth so each of
these swords are worth over a million
apiece Janice Wow jaw line is on point
crew oh my god all your pooping yeah and
I she's like Dan you really gonna fill
me on pooping get out my face
thank you Joe cool alright look at you
oh my god both I got I oh yeah
yeah hello Serena let me get you so many
subscribers oh my gosh hello hello tansy
oh cool just a mini Mannix with mini
horse doc what's up bro hi a lot right
over here no doubt tight yeah this
wasn't worth thirty million dollars
eating okay i'ma leave mommy alone okay
always film is but danezaa thirty
million other but it's true with us how
much is your about way yeah two million
familial seeking and I'm working here
today oh are they cold there's a whole
like this on top he was like well I'm
fauna never sue we take you now to it's
fucking car blog pick them up they're
fine they're like noodles oh my god
cool oh yeah a cockroach freezing
shivering oh my finish whoa monkeys are
cool oh my gosh oh and he's like
speaking like like like r2d2 if you cool
we call our names will come yeah you pop
yeah Charlie Charlie Charlie give a lot
denser she has a g40 damn why
oh my god that's so tight oh I owe you
that much
sound without right
cool I know you're coming
come on oh there you go he's got a chick
yet enough yeah enough cool she should
be better
oh my gosh they're all is they're all
escaping hello oh my god
you'll say you're sending negative vibes
of animal if they can simply say it's
gonna jump on your face yeah let's say
yeah okay it looks like are you gonna
like going you know my finger if I do
this I don't like the pink part awesome
cool tight oh my gosh oh it's late it's
late
all right cool
all the times I put a pirate oh sweet
and if you just scream in my ear work
well this is cool okay sliding inside
warble here we go and I don't show on
it's the day of the actual bomb pageant
judging these ladies on there
lots of things what else Fitness fitness
mate prep stage president overall
appearance overall appearance I've never
like judge somebody on their like body
like supposed to do you know I've never
like I know broken it down on with
numbers before so Harry finds a little
weird but you know okay yeah everyone do
say you look lovely really nice oh thank
you thank you
probably okay I'm wearing um like a kind
of like a velvety maroonish blazer and
full black but up this is actually um
Jevon see but nothing someone that's in
my house yes um one lesson of my many
friends there was like we have this guy
that with styling us or styling me for
like a red carpet event and he bought a
bunch of options and then he wanted
dirty red okay I thought it was funny
you're friends with me I messed up
there's a stylist and then I was like
and I was just kind of like going
through my closet and I look like old
citizen is obviously okay okay he wants
to you want you google is you hello
good job today
kill me I've got Dungeness it is really
hard and low-key awkward for me how are
you I'm doing beautiful you're doing
beautiful you look the dress is on point
thanks a killing that sup bro the
flannels on point
what's up yo shout out to reminisce got
us a Remi
how does it feel you got your face you
put on your head I did you girls know
girl from ex apena ballerina but you
know that's what I've been saying
I got rickrolled always always always
love me I thought it's all fake it's all
for the camera the Royal penis is clean
your highness Thank You King shit
