all right so look who's in town what do
you think of my new airplane is Lance
Lance any - so baby
Robbie Canadian the weather now for this
is not the medium weather yo it is Ryan
I go home it's like honey
it is smell seeing and war and I did it
this is kind of crazy apparently there's
like a hurricane passing to LA right now
so it's a raining pretty hard but hey we
are officially out of the drought la is
no longer in a drought so that is the
evil this excess water no I think we
should see I'm gonna take a extra long
shower today because those goddess bless
those and I see so max I just set my
head of the window through a course of
shit and I didn't even fucking recorded
stupidity yeah oh no that's that's
that's that's not we injustice this week
it's clean
bro so G and I left la around like 3:30
it is 7:20 right now we've been in
traffic for four hours not moving
because it's like it's pandemonium out
here in LA like it's been raining so
much that freeways have been getting
shut down because they're flooding so
everyone's just fucking all over the
place trying to get home we literally
didn't move for like an hour and a half
on the freeway she was crazy
at one point means you switch places
because I really had to pee so I took
our little coffee bean cups and I he I
peed in her cup it got filled up I had
to cut my stream off y'all know how
difficult that is
I had to clip my stream have her hand me
another cup so I could continue ping oh
you peed know that I have to pee you got
a few baby oh yeah you got a poop I've
been holding my pee and my poo and who
knows what else I got a poo as well and
uh this is crazy bro especially this is
kind of a short visit so it sucks that
like we spent like the whole day just in
the car oh well oh well worth to carry
baby yeah that's all that matters babe
you're going to the Manchus pond I can
see your face you know having a whole
green soul
and I have to poo it's like the
beginning of this is p.m. everyone is
going and all the fucking blue lights
are coming on guys sucking people up
apparently like over in paramount almost
Rita shut down because trees have just
been like falling down and getting like
an uprooted and stuff wild and madness
la we don't know how to handle rain bro
like yeah thank you I'm glad we're out
of the drought but this is ridiculous
alright so the rain has cleared up a
little bit and we're excited because
we're heading to Seoul query so you
don't know so Clarice is dope as music
is in today's like going to be all these
old-school artists along with a couple
new school artists like our Kelly Erykah
Badu yin yang twins Pretty Ricky dream
Maya ja Rule Asante DMX
oh it's wit taken - you got the lovely
Bobby Deen of course we got the lovely
year ricky shucks AKA d snuffer we out
here in this uber and hopefully it
doesn't rain today according to whether
the line is crazy so uh so uh hopefully
uh hopefully we get there on time to
watch the Yanks winds I'll make sure
granel meter whistle while you twerk
what you know about that song you know I
found baby yes I do
okay alrighty you guys used to run each
other back in Canadians with us on or
what you know baby smell of where are
you music only well the line to get into
this shit is crazy different here we are
in the VIP lion's just still crazy
mmm-hmm I got the regular line over
there for the not important people - it
was crazy oh my god Wow Wow John is
passed in right I know I was just
thinking I would have bought all types
of food right now so there are long-ass
line but the line is kind of live so
like a lamb and a we are eggs
super groggy retired banker instances
and mothballs and indira heirs imagine
killing right now but now we can't do it
anymore
I know I thought it was like a meet here
cuz a good majority of it sue like
you're like they're always like humans
are like
always hoggin City never came home down
so many calls you're laughing
oh I know this was a very
Oh
Oh
heeey
monkeys
love
important
ha
I have a surprise for you what is it I
think there's no not ice cream not yet
here hold the camera are we doing
I'm following you impressive
announcement I even kind of what's in
that bag I was looking for something you
know how you've been debate debating
possibly vlogging maybe since you've
been like a idealize and maybe blogging
and sit on your blog Amy okay well you
got me a new laptop no but I got you a
long time oh no you didn't me or you
babe clean it David okay it's a prank
it's poop in there yeah is it for it
yeah baby it's a it's the same one I
used so you know how to work it it's be
showing a 5100 for all you motherfuckers
that ask but I got you a cute one see
look it's white that's it's tight huh
hey hey
I love it yeah your exact same how can
this wonderful later awesome okay you
think it would be cool we like you know
have some music from my perspective and
also just uh from your perspective okay
so we could like like a split so I was
like I'll put up parts of my blog I'll
be like meanwhile in Canada and then
I'll cut to your part I can show you my
from bitten fingertips you be like hey
y'all gonna do some nails today y'all
and then you can destroy Christmas make
your fucking job and shit maybe it might
not show my job but mainly and you can
be like about the wax dis vagina y'all
in exactly that for necessity your blog
persona is you from the salad okay y'all
about the bloggers about the vlog is a
Brazilian wax I'm doing also a is so
cute yeah like it Thank you very
you love them in don't drop this thing
no it's sensitive yeah you've got your
six too many times
well yay so now you have to long on a
blogger sisters or people well into this
boyfriend
this is our minimum order would be 22
trailers I said there's no near that 22
years so royal pain is a clean your
highness
Thank You King shit
you
