nineteen are you doing back there
underneath it
alright so we're at this beach and the
water is like super shallow you could
walk out mad far and it's like all just
ocean look how pretty it is
yeah it's super warm so yeah so - yeah
hey just want to get away from going
from a lady Lane I know talking so much
oh and what dab-dab oh my god I was
getting to the phone checking my phone
don't tell my phone so we ended up on
you are pretty late check-out
you got my drink got my dad got my mom
hi mom
mom hi and uh oh
it's like pillows almost be Cooper
though this couples making out
everywhere so nice and I am getting
triggered so there's uh there's there's
fire dancers now my mom is enjoying at
it you can see
yeah fresh out the box like up here a
new wave I'm tight like that chicks in
Paris you can't embarrass new like when
your parents do a new dean help kind of
hard switch from that spot going to a
new hotel is called the Intercontinental
Hotel out here hey this right here is
all I want
chill in the pool plus beach
violation super peaceful super nice
is they hi
I now Monica's receives inquiry bro
though it's been non-stop family
shenanigans like the past be a bro
I wanna believe in silence with my last
day on this island
then climax emphatic eat everyday then I
go back home
then I go back oh yeah I bet there's a
girlfriend I have a girlfriend yeah like
this party her name is akia it I was
building it well that's a strange name
I know it looks really bad strangers
what do you want to do it it fit what do
I want to do under the record of the day
I want to I want to go catch what along
with these I want to go catch girls yeah
I'm not got any girls um I want oh wait
was a girl didn't know like oh you're
right there's nothing steady that and
then we come and we have and make that
same thing you don't know that is
recording directly one most serious yeah
girls think like who you did it that was
a very quaint go on okay so at this
restaurant right and it's like in the
middle of like like a jungle you check
it out check it out this is the
restaurants this middle of it okay so
what's going to happen is we're going to
we're going to eat on that rock over
there we have time for that school slips
oh good cute yes
the big ones Dana oh no I don't yeah
that's gonna be my there's a goose yes
are you think no I don't want to do Dora
Dora Dora get closer
oh wow okay I see the phone now is ever
deal would you want that one CMZ oh my
god it's real
Wow Black Swan you a coon is hey yo yo
plane no no they might not they might
not making sure they got it wrong Billy
I've ever seen a Black Swan before yo oh
my god it's so close oh my gosh hey yo
white cat black swans what's going on
hey cutie hi
we wave nice but alright so after life
what felt like a month in Thailand oh
it's actually just two weeks I'm finally
heading back home I haven't been away
from my work for this long in like ever
so to be gone for two weeks and not be
shooting nothing or doing anything just
felt crazy so I'm raising it back home
I'm ready to get a haircut from my real
barber I'm ready to have some in and out
I'm ready to get back in the gym I'm
just ready to write I'm ready to work
man because I'm feeling crazy right now
I'm actually at the airport right now
I'm very much against going back home
and what's dope about when you like
upgrade the business class or whatever
you get access to the lounge
alright so I just took a sheet in like a
private bathroom it was amazing with
toilets would like the shit that cleans
your butt and I'm not going to take a
shuttle word before this like 15 hour
news wine I gotta do oh you're so good
to be going home I mean don't get me
wrong I love time and it was beautiful
it was so great the actually spent some
quality time with my parents because we
haven't traveled together since like I
was like 15 so I mean I was still but
I'm eating at home I didn't get back to
my bed I'm gonna get back to my boo cuz
she's flying into LA like a couple days
after I guess that Lane so let's go baby
let's come out there
fuck it and I'm also ready to just jerk
off in the privacy of my own living room
because the growth I've been gone for
two weeks and a half at a time I'll
sleep in in a room with my parents so
like I had to like jack off like a
fucking teenager caveman and shit going
to the bathroom lock the door turn the
water on put my headphones on with my
laptop right and sometimes at my mom's
house it was the Wi-Fi so I have to
connect my laptop to my cell phone hot
spot just so I can watch some porn
fucking jackoff
oh my god the struggle is so real
everything seminars all I ever know now
that I really know what I know damn pain
not a cat
make it rain opponent is all I ever know
so laughs is all I really know when I
was young our comes didn't know which
way to go always new eyes up the Royal
penis is clean your highness Thank You
King shit
