1982 I haven't really flogged since the
Mexico trip the last login' you know
with titty not to Chia she his body
looking all nice in the camera and me
like complimenting how dope her titties
looking stuff so I figured I'd catch you
guys up there's some like vlog footage I
forgot to use and I'm going to show that
to you guys right now like this little
clip from Toronto when I shot a video
with the homegirl yes come on how about
you know more gals Oliver take your
hands up
kak√° outlet well what Lucas didn't eat
them
Oh Sony Somali I need forward okay and
put your bum that me out of that
Archibeque okay Agra if you don't know
no I know on Burgess time green oh why
would you do that you know I'm injured I
had another ten days before decision II
happen I so I was behind the scenes
diamond doll home girl from Toronto
Sheba notch we were trying to assume
something together for a long-ass time
and she was like yeah I'm gonna come
through let's do something real quick so
go knock out a little Instagram video
what's good how are you
it was so these their home girls look
good y'all gonna be on camera you don't
have like you don't have like knowing
you're not lining nobody about being
here tonight you're good
hey I'm so glad people are feeling that
BuzzFeed parody video man a lot of
people or like sanyo that's like the
best get seen in a long time from you
Tim it's not ever
and I'm glad y'all like that because
that shit was like 90% improvised you
know I'm saying it was just us like
turning on the camera and I had things
in my head I wanted to do and say and
then I we knocked it out so I'm glad
people responded so well to that video
all right so I'm here with Pat hey a lot
Pez why Pez you know Wow first of all
look at it beautiful great marveling
amazing you like you axe or what do you
do well I used to but then I just decide
to laser everything Wow very efficient
I'm sorry
oh it's invisible um you know what I
think I'm gonna decline a condom fact
high-end prostitutes never had diseases
okay come on blog ah it's like I have my
main YouTube channel or do you like my
skits and shit like that and I have my
blog channel which is like behind the
scenes this is what I'm doing with my
life
this is like you know my family is my
friend I'm friend your friend acting up
on your friends today yeah yeah Hanabi
I'm paying him the standard friend rate
thank you thank you yes yes show some
Google G later this is lianna Mendoza ah
how are you excellent you're going to be
in my images out of your light here
you're going to be my skin today I have
to find my light I'm an actor too super
funny super goofy met her at a while
announced what's up with that yes
federal law and ah this was way back and
yeah what's up with that Nick I was too
wild I was - out - out I really looked
and - out so that was literally is yes
for real appearance
but we doing this little skit it should
be a funny one what's up bro welcome
back good what's good we out here we out
here now I'm saying he was here when I
shot another skit sandy and I he didn't
like get deported or anything and rape
this here that recently he said he's not
deport any of the cichlid penis
yeah you're good to go you're good to go
good morning so I'm back in traffic and
I wanted to address something that a lot
of guys ask you know whenever I post a
picture with you we go on a little trip
you know people are like yo Tim why
didn't you propose when you're gonna
propose I because you guys see us going
on these like really like these uh dope
little vacations to these beautiful
locations and I'm rhyming I'm a poet and
I didn't even realize likely and you
guys are like yo I bet he's going to
propose he's going to propose in Mexico
he's going to propose whatever and like
one time specifically last year when we
were in what Foucault we got this like
really nice private dinner on the beach
like it was just our table on the beach
and I went I was snapchatting it single
tlg everybody was like yo Tim bout to
propose and I tell you why I don't
propose when I go on these vacations
which year it's because that's it's to
be safe or her no safe anybody who
doesn't really like romantic Beach
proposal or anything like that she just
doesn't want it to be something she's
expecting you know I'm saying like when
we were having that dinner on the beach
and everyone was like Tim's going to
propose I was like babe they think I'm
going to propose to like you better not
propose here so cheesy and so that's why
it's like I know her I know the type of
shit she likes and I'm going to like
spring it on her when she's like not
even
long ago no one self enter freely I'm
going to spring it on her when she has
not even expecting it you know saying
she's not expecting it y'all won't be
expecting it and trust me with the title
will not be clickbait I know a lot of
these bloggers like to put she said yes
and she finally said yes at Monica 101
South tarde they like to push you said
yes as their titles to get them uses it
trust me trust me when I put when I put
wedding proposal or she said yes or
she's going to marry me or whatever the
fuck the title is on my proposals log it
will not be clickbait I promise you okay
not that I click bait anyways what I
mean I really I still feel like I don't
really click bait you know I'm saying
like for me I feel like click bait is
when you put something that is a
misrepresentation of the video as the
thumbnail you know all my thumbnails and
my title
Monica Papa Jewish all my titles and my
thumbnails relate to the video you know
I'm saying it might be a little ten
seconds of the video but it still makes
sense I can't name the fucking video a
ten minute vlog about going on Hawaii
and then I see a lizard and then I make
a funny joke about your booty and dance
you got cakes and oh my god this is our
first vacation with our family I can't
do all that you know I'm saying I need
to pick a little specific part make that
shit title you know so anyways click
baiting like that don't even work for me
anymore not that I click base but
anyways it won't even work for me
anymore because my last vlog was like
she is titties the the thumbnail with
cheese titties looking nice like looking
really nice and views were like weak you
know I was like oh it's like okay maybe
I get that they're sick of random girls
as a thumbnail but she is titties I
thought y'all would appreciate and it
wasn't even me like exploiting her it
was literally me just being like damn
baby it titties a looking nice but uh
not even some chia titties we'll get
these log of users it's okay it's okay
though
I'm not mad I'm not mad that's why I'm
not sad I'm not mad I'm just like I'm as
I got surprised I like a lot I didn't
knew her at City we're going to get them
to you but I guess y'all don't like she
titties man which is the same because
Chea titties are a or one breath let me
tell you she thought about suppose yes
this Hollywood girl and make sure she's
so lucky a she's our son my gosh thank
you
it did not be missed it oh my god my
gift
yes lala land right there or I couldn't
don't feel like you think yes that's
exactly how did you know did you ever
hear about that thing where turtles are
never lost because they their home is
always on their backs
monkeys are super cute so I got this uh
I just got away on my like a surprise or
not okay na masa so I got done being on
Megan's talk-show the right now show
with mega batoon Megan's last show not a
song show the left I won't make
something called the last track
damn it's wit Meg it's like a race yeah
maybe maybe this is the last rack ready
so everyone tells a joke any other has
the worst joke has to run 400 meters
left track yeah I want to lose that just
to exercise you guys are cool you're
cool you girl you grown no I don't let
my face
oh hey are you wearing this your well
batteries exhausted oh no I decided yeah
royal pain is just clean your highness
Thank You King shit
you
