what I'm taking video first let it let
it let it go anything flow though
because it looked cool with like the
silhouette kind of coming through oh
hello is it me you're looking for
Godspell anything to me and then
memories and
Oh Jamaica Jamaica
what so part of my duties as a boyfriend
on vacation is to take pictures and
video of her for her blog Just Peachy Co
if you ain't know and what we have to
look forward to on your next blog post
mrs. happy I just want to post a lot
more about my boyfriend's mm-hmm how
amazing he is yeah I think that would be
ideal everything that I think that's
what the kids want to know about you
know they want to know what about you
not really in our relationship and they
want you just relationship videos on all
they love that yeah they love that ship
they want you to leak my news we've
really seen every part of you no not the
important part whether your arm what oh
my god it was like I grab I go I thought
it was like gonna be like a fucking bear
behind me so this is what I was telling
the internet the other day that I was a
person was concerned could you know how
I lost my laptop oh they found my laptop
by the way thank you God thank the gods
thank the universe thank based god thank
Buddha if there's anything on there that
is a detriment we don't know nothing
nothing naughty nothing naughty uh but
there was a potential big kick because I
have one really funny dick pic and I'll
tell the internet that I don't Drake
sitting on this on the top of it oh no
he's just good that was two actually
okay ask you dick pics but I wouldn't
want to leak the squidward one because
I'm lived in that one but there's a
drink one that I almost considered
putting up myself because it's so funny
and I remember when views came out and
there was that app where you could put
little Drake on all the different like
scenarios and pictures okay so there's a
really funny take quick
first of all my dick looks amazing this
picture and second like so I put a
little tiny Drake sitting on the tip of
my dick and it's so funny and I want to
be
but today we give in only for money only
for money I'll wait until like after we
get our reality show on vh1 like after
I've like been a movie star for like 20
years and then after like that girl from
the Teen Mom yeah the one to do the sex
days yeah um Farren era yeah yeah so
after I'm like a super big movie star
and then I fall off and I do like a
reality show
after the reality show is over then I'll
post the dick pic ok yeah and then I'll
post Thiago dnalien a news I know I've
never even seen you naked
yeah one of these days man one of these
days she's going to show me a little
something-something right okay I'm an
idiot
what okay okay we're gonna do right now
mom have you see the most beautiful girl
in the world
anything and everything you understand
here little suit go for really writable
well now I never fall how much would it
take you to eat some other spin spin
like a like a glob below that fan in
your mouth right now
Emily assimilator housework fully
furnished
oh you escalated beyond oh why no I mean
it's bastard beyond Oh or is it estas I
know you're trippin that's that's my
answer
you can okay how much beautiful going to
put a mouthful of sand in my mouth just
to put on my mouth no swallow
you are out you re see I'm a cheap date
baby
Oh peligro
Jonah a cantilever EDA slavi you got
that slavi bloody government pig
we're going down dark dangerous trails
all right they're going to find the
ancient Mexican Negro on a lot
cut Pacific Odyssey is backed up by the
way this is America where a I think you
asked if you could use it the whole
vacation continues Jackie I'm going to
take one of these cactus needles shove
it up a butthole okay see hey you like
that kind of stretch on your buckle a
little bit what else I can give birth
yep we're going to do means you're going
to do like the divorces do wear like the
woman gets pregnant but if she puts the
baby inside the guy and the guy gets for
that what they do now the male seahorse
is going to actually give birth to baby
whoa
did you imagine being trapped in there
and in the milky horses of body yeah and
in there there I died guys we just baste
some death-defying lengths just to take
cute pictures for Instagram so y'all can
have some shit to look at okay nobody
has ever been on this bus before ever
this is unchartered territory all right
and we Came risk our lives you saw Josh
lava meant day danger fighting like the
cat died Oh Dead skulls fucking poison
ivy
rattlesnake shard mountain shards
transported back to Rathore's rex came
up and tried to like the finger are
broody all those crazy sounds just my no
because you know you've heard your stink
no they don't want you to have a human
though right here guys look we're
watching our vlog from last year in
Mexico they don't want that but you know
what skinnier I know it says we're we're
in love we got back my farm kid firstly
lazy baby no pain no gain
no pain no gain
no I don't really go on for hair so okay
kiss it kiss mom shit kiss it woman help
yes oh my god guys celebrity sighting on
cue that lizard from that National
Geographic special when like all those
snakes are like taking you around and
shit and you're like holy fuck bro
that's a lot of fucking lizards and then
you like jump and sit is that you sir
sorry is that you
surveying is that you that wasn't that
quick oh okay alright whatever
what an asshole right rude celebrities
man one clip goes viral he thinks he's a
shit what do you have to say about your
friend over there being a phone alas
hello oh my god it's so messy there's
something oh my god there's so many yeah
yo means don't tell me I'll just playing
around don't attack me tonight I'm sorry
watch bye now
all right now
so tonight is the night of Chiu's actual
birthday her birthday night her parents
made some reservations at a day counting
on the resort and I might have two
glasses of wine
oh my god turn up now oh you looking
baby you look so lovely in your little
black Joe Haeg hold on hold on hold on -
again - hey
hello something-something my socks
together have a shirt of your old lady
huh
I'm still the same as when I was 16 yeah
baby you're finally legal so tonight we
can celebrate I got closer you're black
because like you're out here paparazzi
is like dis dress
I mean your boobies already doe but this
dress is doing something to your booty
something that'll be booty right now or
perhaps it's that I've been working out
know what that oh maybe maybe that's it
maybe you working on baby oh yeah booty
game booty game the high danger but I
came to music a thief when was he
succeed
the royal pain is to clean your highness
Thank You King shit
