ran into a bunch of youtubers that I'd
like Connell fuck with Loki sorta play
movie together we have a few together
but we still in it that's nice she was
like she was like I heard Tim was in it
I don't want him I don't have no typos
we talking about okay so it's Christmas
Day my mom cooked dinner as usual and
you know we got some steak and we got
some mushroom and we got some pot see
you we got some fry rice and we also got
this dome cock ie but there's a chicken
feet in there I just repeat it so Peters
never had a chit you ever had a chicken
foot before no okay cool so we're gonna
what would eat with it we're gonna
document its first time let me get the
whole thing in there boy usually it's
like you usually just like take a chunk
of it or put the whole thing in your
mouth and just kind of like spit out the
bones you know what's not bad you know
chicken foot it is like pink like a
little bit like pigs feet like a pig
yeah it's like a smaller pig's foot yeah
e-baby second silos too nasty you girls
too but I recorded it who sells chicken
eggs Chi Chi Chi Chi Chi Chi Chi dude
if you don't know what durian is it is
it's considered a delicacy in Thailand
but not everybody likes it all right
it's a super acquired taste it's this
big-ass fruit and it's steamed yeah
that's what pretty food but the people
that love it love it
all right the whole time we were in
Singapore Peter was like I want to try
some durian I want to try some dairy and
luckily for him my mom has some here
frozen meal yeah yeah get some of this
durian bro get you a chunk of this I've
tried it before
dog gyro oh my god let me tell you right
now this Nell is that it'll hit you it's
not helping okay okay second one well
you gotta try like two or three yeah
it's okay to spit it out it's okay it's
okay it's okay
yeah that's what a durian looks like
okay looks like a Pokemon okay so for
years my whole life my mom's been eating
it in the house and so I never wanted to
try it because the smell was so strong
and so gross they wouldn't let it in
there's no way I remember yeah you
in the subway to Singapore because of
the smell when out there there's hotels
they they say no durian signs okay well
yeah it's not allowed so I I tried it
for the happy or door on everybody I
tried it for the first time my glass
weak first couple bites on my urns
alright but no no like that aftertaste
what yeah and then it just it tasted
like a bunch of different things like I
tasted like meat at one point so
Everlasting Gobstopper bro Oh welcome to
the family
this way a cheer Vegas wait till you
guys travel
I was good we out here in Toronto for
New Year's Eve I'm here with 52 times
sake
sock is I was just telling Benji that I
got these like I got pimples on my
forehead so I'm gonna take all my
pictures like this tonight will Sevilla
was good what the fuck we all just said
we still getting pimples man and any
right some bullshit breaking out like
with some teenagers you know what it is
dawg I always feel like I always feel
like God gave me pimples to keep me
humble you know I'm saying because I got
a lot of good shit going on like I could
easily become a cocky ass person but he
gives me these pimples and and so I can
like I still have some insecurities you
know I'm saying so it keeps me grounded
you feel me that's pretty tight with you
all pretty you see a dog you pretty
yep for the dogs that monastere that's
no good
so you don't blog anymore so everybody
that wants her vlog subscribe to me
we're here at the party the party tired
so it's reasonably what is it it's a
low-key dimly lit here to you your
family loved ones yeah keep it safe guys
protect ourselves to protect yourselves
keep it safe no you know you know it got
you know it keep your cover please
time is all the time without a raincoat
no more fun
we take that momentum into the media
grab somebody love right now let's count
around
don't be a baby crash a Lebanese
weddings we're at a Lebanese wedding
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
