Stadium status Oh ambition why would you
with the banner aunty hey dong you
looking good bread you can find me in
the milk carton oh my gosh dirty
I found a dirty video part I don't know
what the fuck that means
but it sounded vanity
yeah
so we just clean the mutability like a
private audience bunch of people that
like bought tickets from PD flow and
that's funny that's a good movie the
gossiping in one of these days y'all
gonna see this shit oh they're kicking
us out all right hey good job bro good
job done yeah hey hey oh my god oh my
God look who it is all the comments
everybody's gonna be awkward because
they're like BFF let me let me tell you
guys it was awkward oh my god no was it
was it you know what I kept doing them
when the scenes popped up I was like
like Jeff likes it when usually about
the look like
okay so we are here at the Pantages
Theatre in LA
my parents wanted to watch the Kenai
it's a musical about old Thailand right
right the relationship between the
teachers from
uh-huh
so it's all about some thoughts about
Asian dudes getting white girls so we're
here to celebrate tonight good for
people that love music okay what you're
gonna do for Facebook then and this is
the premier
top high school Sakurai they took this
picture outside the theater yeah and
then look inside
BAM people line up oh my god oh yeah and
all these old white people would like
this crazy look
oh my gosh yeah you're right can you
watching there so I feel bad for people
that didn't showed up late yeah yeah
look for them okay son I mean this I'm
gonna enjoy I didn't say it right oh
yeah you know yeah high school soccer it
was good
it's what y'all been waiting fo a knee
what people pay paper fold payment they
can't stand it dating want something new
taking Australia all the time when I was
popping he thought would be no vote
but it's okay we are here buddy Sears
kid
yogi
Oh
Oh
not my boy no yeah I would be must be I
don't know any arrows happening yeah I
smoke my boy who else will be doing do
it we go oh here we go
fuck ah ah get yo dish shit Oh G hey
what's happening girl free stop hit
brother without free stop right we're
starting we're starting it you attend to
me oh oh oh they told me it is charted
I'm drunk off Hennessy and Bacardi yeah
I'm like Cory love a hip-hop ah yeah
yeah I'm rockin flip-flops to the beach
yo everybody come reason yeah I brush my
teeth with Chris oh man hey wait egg way
okay okay now you're gonna flow yo yo yo
yo I got bars but I'm still the clown
I'm out here getting drunk in k-town
everybody come around we found it bitch
you like the sound in yo its know us
down there black to the white pretender
yellow yo I hate it just like Carmelo
yeah here with my fellow to us through
Santa Claus ooh yeah
no oh my don't pause do ya
uh-oh
how are you gonna rubadoux you brother
dudes Oh
check it oh yeah beaut spike out of you
let's go you ain't notes what is she an
inator Sally oh oh no know how to rap
that's what I'm gonna be like we about
here in this bar yeah oh I don't know
what prize web are yo I'm sorry yo I'm a
pirate oh uh uh confetti
what must forget II yeah meatballs up in
the halls the halls with la la la la la
I come at you the halls with boughs ah
oh I shouldn't be saying this but yeah I
know that be drop that you know hey yeah
thank you go give it going gone
yo yeah I'm like at the club I got them
hoes man I can't be cool like I must
know me yeah and it's so Thrones in yeah
then I'm like I'm gonna chosen one I'm
Jesus Christ everybody knows that the
dude is nice yeah and I got the ice on
my wrist of my neck but I show respect
everybody come real hit the day when I
hit the door and uh yeah give me some
all hit the floor oh so nice big team on
the track
big Tim my breaking girls back full hit
it
back that's dog more everybody knows
that I gotta pass a stack money check
account everybody knows I'm a hit Oh
does whack that's on account the Royal
penis is clean your highness Thank You
King shit
