other youtubers don't need to read tire
burn my talk I was up you all so I want
to do a little video just cuz I'm in
traffic well today I'm not driving I got
my love you
chauffeur uber driver live driver thank
you baby
and carry on I don't know if you noticed
or not but since the beginning of the
new year I have not had any ads on my
blog channel alright and I left a couple
comments pinned to a couple of logs
saying alright y'all so right now I
don't have any ads on my vlog channel so
you know hey if you want to support go
to my main channel watch some videos web
of blah so I get a little revenue this
month and and some of the comments were
like what Tim no dude no just monetize
your videos it's cool it's cool
Tim get make that money I'm like guys I
know I like making money alright I wish
I could make vlog channel money right
now if I could because the vlogs have
been kind of consistently popping right
now they don't like here's the situation
alright you might be wondering why I do
not have ads on my vlog channel and
here's why
December 2017 I officially ended my
contract with maker studios alright they
are a MCN or formerly maker studios now
known as now known as the digital
network right so basically you know my
ending my contract with maker and cuz
you know it was a couple you know a
couple things I just felt like maker
wasn't doing anything for me anymore
there was no reasons for me to be there
they used to provide like production for
my videos I used to have like a crew
editors or they used to get me like good
brand deals and then as Disney kind of
really began to take over the company
you know brand deals were few and far
between I felt like you know
communication was wack as shit at me
and and you know they told me my
production fund was up for my videos
which was dumb because I never had a
production fund in the beginning it was
just them making videos for me you feel
me
so eventually you know if you watch like
the last couple months of skits I I
liked produce all those I funded all
those and for the Moulin skit out for
the move on skit that was fuck velcro
yeah something like that okay well
alright so cheer for some reason it's in
she gets hot no she gets really so she
gets really cold for whatever reason and
she always turns these vents off alright
my body just runs cold I always prefer
to be warm and that's what it is
I don't make fun of more people wanting
to be cold cuz you're weird I'm not
weird
anyways so but that's like handfuls of
kids I was producing them myself
the Mulan skit was literally me like
tweeting and being like who has a horse
I can use does anybody have a horse and
then like just doing shit myself
alright which is cool which is cool I
like it I like producing I like doing
this shit it's just a little harder and
you know which is why I like the skits
are like kind of few and far between
right now alright but I'm working on it
okay anyways
when straight so when straight okay or
that either one which Street yeah okay
you don't work so when a MCN takes over
your channel okay they take over your
adsense which is how Google pays their
partners right because they kind of they
say that they can you know make your ads
worth more money or like you know or
just a bunch of things they do but they
basically take over your ads so they can
control what's happening all right so
when my contract ended with maker all
three of my monetized channels Timothy
DeLaGhetto
the vlog Channel and timsbakery all got
boom boom boom emails we are no longer
you are no longer monetized you're no
longer partnered you're lowering a
partner at all to all three emails right
so then I was like oh shit now I kind of
have to start all over again and and the
thing about it is so my main channel is
still monetized because III hit up my
youtube contact to do Francis although
Francis you know I'm leaving maker can
we make sure my shits monetized they
went in the system they're like okay
you're good you are partnered officially
but here's the thing I needed to redo
the same shit for both my other channels
and also change a whole bunch of shit
with like this this like this like
serial number so that they're all part
of the same Adsense and like so they're
all linked together but then like but
then those channels need to be approved
manually for whatever reason and like
it's the holidays and like the part and
the whoever is working at YouTube is
taking forever to re partner my shit so
right now I'm just waiting for my
channels to get re-approved and Ari
partnered that's why I have no ads but
as you can see as you can see I'm still
cranking out content on this channel as
you can see
for the love for the love even though
some money would be nice so that's why I
don't have ads right now if you care
maybe I just maybe this video isn't even
entertaining maybe I'll just delete the
whole thing who knows but that's what
okay thank you the Royal penis is clean
your highness Thank You King shit
