man I can't stand the pain ain't no
girls come sucking on candy came here
girl now you know it's me bring that
mistletoe I mean groceries yeah all
right so we having this goodie meeting
at Ben g-spot right Benji and Sylvan
spotless eye doc and he hit it with a
little dab um and I'll buy a man if we
have this meeting at your spot are you
cooking though no he's dead
but Vangie gets down so then she kicked
up a little cilantro salad here for us
mmm some lime dry some lime dressing you
don't say a little onion soup fresh
onion soup now Ben she's cooking up this
crazy look at this fuck how long you've
been cooking this up for dogs I've been
doing gone insane for like eight hours
oh that's all you got there's some
oxtail in there it's only oxtail Oh Anna
just shit on rocks bomb and then he hit
me today he was like should I get the
Colbert to waggy you I was like man
let's go fancy with it get that way you
oh look at that marble see that marbling
in there that's fat all up in the meat
that makes it I could bring the flavor
out you know I'm Sam wag you cows are
like a specific type of coal baby from
Japan and they basically fucking like
they suck these cows dicks and shit they
give them back rubs every day and like
they like give these cows manicures and
pedicures like they they texturize these
cows like fur and skin and then like
they like wax they're there thread the
cows eyebrows and shit and that's why
the fucking meat is so bomb mmm
this don't make you wet if this don't
make you wet if the oxtail and the waggy
you and the Benji you don't make you wet
then you a lesbian a pinche two times
mm-hmm number two times with a Z mm-hmm
send the news
send the no or September noona you know
you can't send it to Benji mm-hmm and
then Benji will show me later on since I
can't hide that shit popping up in my
phone you know
someone's already got from you
I don't be saying you news rig mmm
oh my god that these that big-ass these
oxtail looks crazy getting to fan oh my
gosh we are a lot in here I love you so
much gotten a game above us are the
stars of passion there's no place in
this world are you liking your your own
creation retches fire this is sort of a
baker certified mangers I got some thank
you thank you yeah am i with eating nine
man hey guys we out here on La Brea we
got some Sun she's trying on some new it
we found this Luthor with like some dope
shit actually that was good is it's edgy
as hell uh
wait option two wait let me change I
like that
Oh me get that looks dope actually micro
you like you don't even need to wear
with shorts if you wanted to now this oh
yeah yes we'll be out but I mean yeah
nail guy - field material it's so soft
that's nice yeah right my stuff max I
mean all I got is a jean jacket huh
don't know what I care about my jean
jacket this is flight oh what's that
how's that work tied around
hmm yeah not like that would you wear
that to this I mean it looks good let's
get with your fit now actually yeah
it doesn't look weird
salsa's asses
that's cool beauties right these feel
funny no good
negative all right negative on the
whatever the fuck that thing is
all right so we gonna sneak in on e9o
while she's changed yeah true it was
just now I just said that so I can put
it as the title of the vlog like
creeping on a Nana in the changing room
looks so weird
what is that dress is a dress yeah Oh
missing
wait that's backward I'm sure the shorts
uh your booties not hanging out that I'm
not sure your boot your cheeks are not
hanging out yeah your butt is not out it
may be of you if you like bent over and
torque nish it it would pop out but
those oh is it you gonna get like a
coochie wedgie or a fucking I feel oh
you don't feel comfortable having that
much ass out I got you right let me see
what it looks like oh you want to see
why is this always my life oh it's such
a go-to as we all go to the answer this
is mine let's do this oh okay so no fish
ah but look what low-key they low-key
flatten flatten the cakes out a little
bit so you know you're not feeling that
all right
oh no it's yours oh it's a dress
that's one of the things you just wear
like you just get out the shower just
put that on and that's it you know when
you go out go about your day this la you
don't say sorry aren't you aren't you an
Instagram model isn't that what you do
find ha ha ha ha oh my god I'm Dan now
my kid you ain't no those aren't those
dead skinny tall yeah That's not me
Seattle's aren't don't that's not that's
not what I like that one a lot yeah let
me see turn around villainous
no but the other one has more detail
yeah no go yeah boy okay try we'll just
try it on I like it better than the
green one
look at the detail oh look at them
details oh just get them both no you got
to choose one stop overspending I know
you're gonna turn around real quick
Wow yeah you were just talking about how
you need to get rid of clothes you're
gonna buy two jackets I bet you
everyone's gonna say this one over that
one that one's just a blah one this is
more like I mean you right it makes your
outfit cool I mean it doesn't need a pop
a little more
it does watch the vlog but it's about to
be winter time though I don't even know
like a jean jacket you don't need a jean
jacket I'm being loud cuz there's no one
in here
oh I like it we're at the denim store so
you got to get a denim jacket all right
I guess you're right that one's let them
- yeah that's like real denim that's
make denim all right trail okay so try
it so it's settled I'm gonna get all
three no what try the purple 100 the
pro-bowl you're getting for sure
definitely no all right get these shorts
these are bomb can you just try them on
just for fun for the vlog just try these
on I'll do the manager I dare you yeah I
would I would wear these oh oh you're
gonna try it on right here okay do you
want me to block the camera oh I got my
cute bar oh my god those are the ones
you work for my video remember that
makes this vault is looking right
all right cool yeah don't worry we're
not looking at your sack are we gonna
get all these okay
I've been zoomed right into your legs
all right
them squats look at those quads you be
squatting but you don't be tan in them
legs oh those are actually not those are
actually not that bad
what the hell you're welcome maybe it's
size bigger what size is that no don't
be a loser and pull them down those are
actually not like as bad as I thought I
was gonna make funny when you put them
on but no those are cool those are
actually cool all right let me change
into my jumper yeah jumper the jumper
looks media yeah okay yeah give me a
walk okay
oh damn you almost fell right now yeah
okay okay Oh walk it out that's a good
one okay okay
oh damn job ei get it get that oh my god
I wasn't ready the Rio penis is clean
your highness thank you King shit
