my mom always told me laughing about the
money
damn it makes life so easy and then
people around me will stop acting funny
you don't keep all right so me Eric just
landed in Orlando decided to get some
steak grab moves Chris and Ruth trips
Eric's vlogging and so we're gonna we
made a little bet whoever can guess
closest to the bill doesn't have to pay
so we got some steaks we got some
appetizers it's all gone now we got
these drinks right
I also go a little lot to tell in there
you forgot about that fun so Eric's at
165 I said 220 here we go oh I was a
fucking waiter kept you in a combo demon
damn it
all right so baby's room all right so I
got a pain and he's you gotta put out I
gotta I gotta put out and I'm also gonna
get on that fucking crisis right shit I
think I think I could pull this off
Wow I am in Orlando and I was gonna warm
up this steak I had earlier they don't
like microwaves aren't available right
now so then I was like I'm gonna go in
on this leftover corn cuz the corn was
fire battle like I ain't got no utensils
though you see this shit right here this
here is what you call ingenuity brah
angel of bug annuities mm-hmm turkey leg
and about to get on some rides chill -
chill Dave just out here relaxing and
it's a beautiful day in Orlando Florida
super super fun little bro date
go finally my favorite movie tale as old
as time until is old as time say little
death time tale as old as time Harry
Potter time so Eric was like it was like
hey man you want to buy thing 1 and
thing 2 sweatshirts and take super cute
Instagram pictures off like
Oh Pierre
right
Oh gravity I'm not sure how much I'm
allowed to tell you about what we're
actually shooting but we're going on a
zero-gravity plane or in our cool Top
Gun
we just did our training and I'm gonna
be doing this and every time it does
this we're gonna be is gonna be
oh yeah I'm gonna I don't throw up i my
my my my my poop is gonna come like
floating out of my shoes okay so in the
plane and this is tightrope jitters tiny
okay so as I was editing this vlog I
realized that like I couldn't get
footage when I was on the plane actually
floating around because it's for this
project and like every time the plane
dips and we start to float like it's
only like 20 30 seconds at a time so
it's like you got to get the shot really
quick but basically what happened is
like you lay down if you've never seen a
zero-gravity thing you lay down and then
as the plane goes will you hit zero
gravity and you just start to flow so
it's like me and Eric were like woah
floating around and shit and it's like I
can't even really control where I'm
going like is at one point where I'm
trying to get the shot but my legs are
like my ass is just in the camera I'm
floating around you know I'm saying it
was amazing no bra like I would do that
shit again and again and again and
hopefully the thing we shot gets picked
up and I get to do it again and again
and again but just so you know it'll be
coming to my channel really soon the
first episode that we shot will be
coming to my channel real soon and um
yeah it was dope zero gravity is the
shit okay
back to the vlog
I want to do it again when I'm not like
filming and working and shit you know
you did me that problem
I gotta know
so have you been a plan we're definitely
perfect I got a dew of gravity boner
when I was up there
I poke them with it on activate when I
was floating around all right so uh me
and Eric are on what's you today oh shit
this is this is uh this is that search
Street so we're in Church Street out
here in Orlando about to hit this club
about to turn up a bit for our last
night out here in Orlando we haven't
turned up at all we've been working yeah
grinding trying to make work money work
whoa uh so we're gonna go turn up a bit
my boy 22a
turn up a bit with my boy Tony ku find a
poopy in the club and girl I'm boning
you know I'm not my stuff girl's name is
Chia you know I'm out like I wouldn't
wanna be a see a bitch I'm sitting on
this Remy everybody knows that I usually
sit honey with that pineapple I like the
Snapple best stuff on earth and I'm like
yo can I go to motherfuckin okay
sometimes after the club you gotta buy
some McDonald's at 3:15 a.m. and eat the
McDonald's and I'm underwear
Ericsson is underwear he's he's on this
super diet so he went to McDonald's and
ordered a salad and who would chicken
nugget in there a little bit yeah you've
been naughty put a little chicken nugget
in there you see meat all week and all
I've been doing is eating
bro using nothing but salad a grill
chicken all weekend I've been going in
low-key not like nothing fried but like
I've been eating it up you know I'm
saying but I'm still trying to tone up
and shit cuz you know cuz cuz you know
cheese no one dumped me if I get fat but
I'm out here you know I'm saying Sookie
no but yeah well then though it was fun
we shot our shit we got our work done we
made our money we had a little fun
that's what it's all about you know I'm
saying balancing balancing work and
balancing fun you know and making this
money and
and living life you know it's all about
balance you know you didn't say it up I
think one of things were broke
think we want to think to Doug and so
now we're gonna you know before I go
back to my room we're gonna snuggle you
know I'm saying jerk each other off
probably just we got a flight in no we
got to be for the airport in two hours
so turned up no sleep seem no sleep bro
nobody the Royal penis is clean your
highness Thank You King shit
okay I won't hold dear Santa come on you
know me I've been good can I get some
holes beats me I can't stand the pain
ain't no girl come sucking on candy came
yeah girl now you know it's me bring
that mistletoe I'm eatin groceries here
and it's Christmas time I'm just trying
to find me at Christmastime yo yo maybe
a loony the pitch but now I'm gonna be
living like the Grinch
