all right so it's right early I'm out in
fucking far as Santa Clarita for the
YouTube rewind thing that they do every
year I got invited back look like out
with me hey Finn didn't say those things
up here said man this is there is a
fantasy in here we have to turn up
uh-huh is Hennessy and eggnog
it's or chocolate and honey yeah well
maybe that might go down about 19 it's
chief so apparently this set right here
or like somewhere around here is where
they shot the Beyonce lemonade video
okay so I'm gonna go sniff all the seats
to see if they smell like Beyonce's but
hopefully and Beyonce its Beyonce's butt
so it's not disgusting it's like it
probably smells like you know honey and
lemonade and we're on set oh they gave
you guys the cool sort stores and they
gave me like they were like okay just
wear your own sort I'll thank you to you
too got the sweat bands just true man
they have all that stuff you need to get
out of your shop your own outfit you
know honestly anything was mine I'm not
gonna lie bro
I am I saw you wearing the headband I
walked away the way that like I want her
to know her Hugo Schneider gang later
khx is a g7 here time to smell the steps
guys yes so we found the door that's in
the Beyonce video they're having a
little photo shoot
this is adorable oh yeah come on
amateurs
you are taking a horrible flip yes work
okay now tilt your hips flick of the
wrist work eyes smile with them mm-hmm
Smyth yes yes I watched America's Next
Top Model
does it smell like Beyonce yeah can we
get a nice like it's like Cinnabons and
money so now we're getting running man
less death for this next thing so
occasionally protected winning a
challenge the door okay
- all right it's a last scene of the day
that's the other day and we're just last
end of the day we've been doing this
shit all day son all day but we out here
though is a 4:30 I got here at 6:30 a.m.
this mother these dudes are done what
time did you guys get here - I got here
at 10:30 but I was only on separately
like five minutes for real Saint brah
I've been doing the the new running man
shit for like the past like four hours
oh that's confidential none of us is log
into a video dress you know good people
I'll fuck with these guys you know I
don't fuck what a lot of youtubers I
fuck with you guys haven't seen the
video yet which is out on my main
channel right now we did like a part
three of those Christmas freestyles
we've been doing there was use a hohoho
there was mistletoe ho and this time we
sing about how we didn't have we don't
have any holes so it's a it's called I
want some holes for Christmas
I flew these motherfuckers out little
crazy yeah little crazy to build this
thing yeah shame on you know the j ra y
ez Andrew Garcia shot and who are you
sir is the farm brother hey let him know
Hannah and it's his birthday tonight we
got this little video together it's
really funny and now we're just chillin
kickin it um you know just bonding with
the homies haven't seen them in a minute
oh my gosh that is right
oh my god I'm a poet and I didn't even
realize the Christmas dear Santa come on
you know me
I've been good can I have some holes
please man I can't stand the pain
sucking on my candy cane yeah now you
know it's me girl bring that mistletoe
I'm eatin groceries girl I need a booty
the piece cuz now I'm kind of grumpy
kind of like the Grinch now you better
back up cuz that ain't my baby might
present some wrapped up oh yeah that
ain't my baby though oh he's gonna eat
it there maybe though
yeah so one more time up there girl I
just need me like one more dime
motherfucking car honk
yeah
ah
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
