so my mom got sick didn't feel like
cooking oh thank you so we decided one
day
we need to be fast you need to look
in
hey yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
I'm a big one why how's that big one oh
yeah you guys are watching failarmy on
mtv2 but listen to the narrator listen
to the narrator you might recognize that
voice hold on everyone's covered their
age it's new showing off on his bike
would be a great way to eat and she was
right
the own words always get their phone
numbers to fail army member must undergo
change training by submitting himself to
the experience guys that's my boy that's
what I've been in the studio doing for
like fucking eight hours every day and
shit a nice arm trying to get this money
trying to get this money but you don't
care about that right babe
I think she's a gold-digger machine
messing with no broke bricks you know
alright so if you didn't know time
machine has a bunch of bus stops all
over LA in LA area so I was like yo reg
let's go take pictures with one of them
before they take it down the closest one
to us is right here in Compton
Alondra and Atlantic a content content
content Compton that's the inside joke
so here we are here's the bus stop
here's the rig here's the rig travel
time chapter what does the shit call up
a few times don't have travel through
you with it Nick time to see if you
didn't know as the webseries I do it on
my channel views are really shitty but
it's really funny it's funny it shit
baby you welcome to Compton baby you see
it like two minutes from my house
technically being confident there you go
oh cheese on it too hey all right I can
cross that off the bucket list I was on
a billboard this year and I was on a bus
stop a bunch of people sitting on my
face all year and your number in the
bathroom stuff and my number on the
bathroom stall call here for a good time
mm-hmm
hey thanks Upper Mississippi darkness
Hey
I yeah
d-did you say about Thursday
bitch you are on the hunt for some good
Thai food because ever since Thai smile
closed down we're missing our fixed you
know it's the big big the flea she makes
it a fix and what you craving babe would
you crave which one the wolf or huh and
some we don't yeah
okay guys I'm gay
to be some these games that guy cousin
uh kapow kapow kapow that so run away to
this spot in Garden Grove that had a lot
of good Yelp reviews hopefully we'll
find some shit that I mean it's
definitely not gonna be as good as my
yawning it looks like the vlog camera
makes you yawn it pours me you're just
bored of me I'm bored yeah I know so
we're gonna see if we can find some
quality typography as good as my mom's
of course but you know we'll see how
they thought the Thai food up in Canadia
where you're from a cherry Delian choice
I'm worth it
there's restaurant every that's been no
it's she yes how'd you like the Thai
food babe get some second best to New
York families are short yeah I think so
too
out of all those spots I've tried and
I've been trying to taste Thai food at
this might be one of the up there ones
yeah yeah thank you hear me speak timing
huh uh-huh
call Quinn Cup that means thank you with
your boy and if you're a girl would you
say babe and you do a little bow do your
little thing
no no what your hands ain't I'm go
what is happening over here no no your
oh my gosh yes honey
all right so it's not Monday but it is
fun day it's a rainy day in LA and my
mom made this like crazy ramen mama
noodle concoction it's like chicken legs
and ooh baby hello
I'm into chicken feet and I know my
ramen that Umbach ramen did I call coach
I haven't been delaying I mean it's Thai
ramen it's a mama noodles there's some
bacon in there or Heller their own minds
Edna mode and yeah this will be very
good for the rainy day right you ready
for this baby
hey you gonna have some of this chicken
feet mmm she's alcoholic you'll need
only one fit in it oh all there's only
one chicken foot in there ah oh babe
you're gonna take one toe and slug it
out just like it up woman huh Oh chill
with the fire boomerang all righty
yeah so why was it are you not gonna do
it
what instance instance yeah okay morning
good Morgan won't art me don't wanna
fuck fresh people oh instances so I'm
about to drop my baby off at the airport
because me and my side chick over there
PD flow we're going to Singapore cuz I
got a little thing I'm doing with maker
and so-called maker boot camp I go teach
these young Singaporeans how to make
youtube videos even though I don't even
know what I'm doing anymore you know but
uh uh free trip to Singapore hey turn up
your side it bro
huh babe babe are you sad you're not
going to Singapore yeah so sad I
actually really love Singapore not
Singapore's the shit yeah it really is
okay let Peter take this go to Singapore
yeah way record my reaction cuz that
wasn't a good one reaction better I'll
turn the camera on next time um and uh
hey Dad
temple the Royal penis is clean your
highness thank you
King shit
