good morning you sexy motherfuckers I'm
back in Vancouver once again and first
of all let me just say don't forget to
buy your ware - ho ho ho's that sweater
now in maroon instead of blue this year
and ladies you can buy this - ladies
love hos guys love hos
everybody loves hos who don't love hos
so where - ho ho ho is that order it now
so you can have it in time for your
Christmas ugly sweater party I'm hyped
right now because I saw that there's a
Nando's close to the hotel and if y'all
don't know Nando's is like it started in
South Africa and it's just it's
basically like rotisserie chicken but
it's bomb it has this peri-peri sauce
and it's all over the fucking world
except for in the states there's like
two in the whole United States there's
one in like Maryland or some shit and
for whatever reason is not in the states
like that so I'm high I had it in
Australia all the time I had in England
so I'm ready
look man I'm so excited right now
sometimes you just got to walk somewhere
by yourself and order some food by
yourself and sit there and eat it by
yourself I'm gonna show you guys how to
eat some chicken a lot of you guys don't
know how to eat chicken man see this
shit right here this is how you eat
chicken all right no cartilage left on
the bones no meat left on the edges and
fuck that salad all right so we're
walking down downtown Vancouver what's
up dawg all right
this is Jamie oh yes this is Mike and I
know you guys don't normally see me
hanging out with white people but this
is work and it's work just keep saying
it to work like we can hang out no no I
know I love it and we're doing anything
and we're like it would make a joke cuz
I just remember this is work and at the
end he says you guys man I got a sign
out now okay look I hired these guys to
hang out to show you that I don't hate
white people okay homie nationale I Sun
made two teams shit all right so it's
the last day on set for action one movie
will for me anyways for me and another
YouTube friend who I've met on set of
the movie and you know we're bonded now
what's up see what's up did you say
friend
maybe we're friends we're friend friends
with Timothy DeLaGhetto how's it feel
bro I feel very accomplished I could die
happily this is a Brandon Rogers you
don't know every time I do a youtubers
react all the comments are like oh my
god Brandon all brands every time I do
youtubers it's on Tim it's true it's
true it's true and driver here hello who
are you sir oh hi I'm Ken
how are you I'm doing this fun in the
rain okay after three weeks flying back
and forth from LA to Vancouver the movie
is wrapped it's called the action one
movie produced by awesomeness films and
you know I got a little part in there
I got a few scenes it's not like a crazy
big part but you know I got a few scenes
and I wasn't going to turn down three
three weeks in Vancouver and um and they
when you got some followers they pay you
kind of nice to promote the movie when
it comes out so I'm not mad at that
Vancouver you were rainy you were gloomy
but you were beautiful thank you for
having me I need to come back one day
and just chill cuz Vancouver is nice you
know I'm saying good food out here a lot
of motherfucking Asians and you got a
man so instead of flying straight back
to LA chia is flying to LA today for
Thanksgiving but she had a long-ass
layover at the Calgary Airport so I was
like you know what babe I'm gonna be the
amazing sweet handsome boyfriend that I
am and fly to Calgary to wait with you
during your layover and we'll just fly
over to LA together so now I'm just
chillin here waitin can't find her where
she at here we go a wild cheetah has
appeared let's see how long it takes her
to find me come on babe follow your
heart and follow your loins your body's
calling me babe
follow your nose I smell like pad thai
and you know I spray Burberry Cologne on
my balls
so just well no not you sir get out of
the way with your fucking old Navy
sweater come on hey baby hey Milo baby
since we're sitting yeah the whole time
not about you we came out here
I'll sit in the whole time trying to
surprise allure and then she texts me
she's like I'm baby liking to the other
tiles like what yeah what yeah what wait
what it's all good this is like an
interesting shot actually yeah but it's
not focus on you
Saul I haven't known just what I really
know fast guys and silly hoes
everything's the terminals is all I ever
know
so lemon no he's on I really know what I
know champagne and all his cash make it
rain bonus he's all I ever know so
laughs he's all I really know guess what
just happened on the way to this
audition right now fun ah damn fucked up
a don't trip the Maserati is fine I'm
fine
that actually happened a couple months
ago I was on my way to an audition I was
making a left turn and some dude just
kind of only wasn't paying attention to
what don't trip dad I'm sorry I didn't
tell you you guys were like you know you
guys were like on a trip or something I
didn't want to worry you I don't want to
stress you out I handled it all
insurance covered it's all good I'm fine
the other guy's fine it's all good I'm
thankful to be alive
it's Thanksgiving happy Thanksgiving
everybody heavy things getting my love
and I'm thankful that she's in my life
and um and I'm just thankful too for you
guys for watching we're still watching
the vlogs even though like you know it's
like they've all kind of it's like half
the views they used to it's all good we
still here we chilling a goodie brand of
black Black Friday sale tomorrow the
black hats are coming back the black and
white annoyed hats that is and you know
and while we're on the subject of good
eats and YouTube I'm thankful that I
have friends that hold me down and we're
able to grind together and make money
together and hustle together I've had
the same friends like over 10 15 years
and we still besties and we still make
it moves and it's beautiful I'm grateful
and I'm thankful to you guys for still
tuning in consistently whether it be on
the vlog or the main channel I'm
thankful I was able to do a web series
the last episode of Time Machine goes up
today
and youse were super wack on that so I'm
probably not gonna do any more of those
probably no more web series on my
channel for a while but I'm still gonna
be cranking out skits and um and yeah
then I'm thankful that I was able to be
in Vancouver shooting the movie I'm
thankful that there are still new movie
scripts coming in to my email every day
and I'm hyped and I feel like you know
uh you know I'm thankful that I was able
to make this living on YouTube and no
matter where it's going I've there are
like really really dope opportunities
popping up and dope doors opening up and
I'm definitely thankful that I can make
a living off of doing what I love to do
man
and Jung and I owe a lot of that to you
guys and to my family for holding me
down and to my boys for helping me
continue my hustle and motivating me my
girlfriend for being so supportive of
everything I do
and don't forget to check out her blog
as well and um and I'm just thankful for
you guys man I'm thankful for life I'm
thankful for help I'm thankful for just
everything man I'm thankful to be here
I'm thankful for you guys and I said
that already
um I want to thank God first and
foremost yeah I doubt bro but I know I'm
blessed and um and you know that's it
man thank you guys love you peace the
Royal penis is clean your highness thank
you King shit
