I like this I like
I like that I like
what is good you sexy motherfuckers as
you can see I'm not home right now I am
in the beautiful city of Vancouver BC in
Canada they said yep with a sweet little
room here I'm actually gonna be here for
like a couple weeks well in and out cuz
I got to go back to LA for some shit too
but I'm out here shooting a movie with
some Jimmy Tate rolls in there fuck with
that dude heavily so you know I got a
little part in this movie nothing crazy
I'm not like the star or anything I like
I got some I got some scenes but uh yeah
you know so it's bright and early but to
go to my first day on set and it's cold
outside I really can't stay baby it's
cold outside
all right so uh when I tweeted where
should I eat in Vancouver everybody were
like yo you've got to go to Japadog and
then for some reason theme of learn
Vancouver with me what do y'all do it
well why are you here what are y'all
doing up here Oh Tallis so Vancouver
like super Asian and these it was like
tap they kept their their heads are
touching the ceiling right now it's
crazy
now hey
oh hello hi so I'm about to try this
here uh but but try to see I didn't get
invited to you to black though I didn't
get it I thought to try this here
Japadog now after a couple days of
shooting it is 3:00 a.m. and I need to
go back to LA for a couple of days to do
some voiceover work and to shoot some
shit for another shit and don't forget
to get your king
hats that is like they asked me what
kind of hats I wanted to make of a maker
and I said yo let's do some King shit
just put King on a hat in Japanese these
are dropping Monday Monday in my merch
store link in the description and now
back to LA
that's God silly hoes airplanes and
terminals I
he's all I really know fresh off the
plane fresh out the uber just got to
salami studios to record some more shit
for this MTV - so got a long day it's
the eight-hour session I'm fuckin hungry
all the hell with a scone later all
right so it's 9:00 p.m.
I've been in that studio for eight hours
doing this doing this for eight hours
alright so on this next clip blah blah
blah
how are you something who me yeah who
ease up man I'm Marky Mark man hey bars
behind the sound boards yes sir yes sir
so for eight hours I mean I was in that
booth saying shit like um so Billy Bob
here he's about to experience one crazy
something something I got I'm doing that
voice for eight hours and and it hurts
but it's okay you know getting this
money all right finally back at the sex
castle all my fucked up couch and Donald
Trump is the president-elect of the
United States of America and the other
night I all of you noticed about I put
up a video on my main channel for like
an hour and then I took it down quick
and a lot of people like Tim why'd you
take down the video um like like what
happened I didn't get to watch it you
know and I took it down for a few
reasons I'm gonna tell you why um one
reason being because after I put it up I
noticed that I needed a haircut my shit
was not looking crisp also I looked mad
tired in it oh my God he's like silly
reasons but I looked super tired the
lighting was not complimenting my face
and I just was not looking cute in the
video and also after I put the video up
I realized that like you just can't win
in this situation where everybody is so
divided and everybody is so everyone is
so hated like nobody likes Hillary
nobody likes Donald Trump it was like if
you support Hillary then they're like yo
you're supporting a murderer you support
Trump they're like you're supporting a
racist rapist
and um but my main point of my video was
just saying that um even though shits
fucked up and there's a lot of arguing
and disagreeing going on we just need to
handle ourselves and be better
individually and a couple of things I
said in the video
got a little misconstrued by some people
because I was saying that Trump kind of
woke up the racists in America that were
being quiet racist and then him winning
made them feel like they could be more
bold with their racism but but some
people thought I was calling all Trump
supporters racist they thought I was
calling everybody in Middle America
racist they thought I was calling every
white supporter of Donald Trump a racist
and I wasn't saying that I was just
saying that the ones that were closeted
racist
definitely got a little bolder or a lot
bolder when Trump got elected you know
I'm saying and here's the thing I didn't
take the video down because I was afraid
of offending people I just don't like
all that arguing on my shit and in my
life
you feel me like even when a hater is
talking shit in the videos like yeah
I'll comment I like a joke or I'll talk
shit back but after like it's up for a
couple hours and people read it and
laugh I'll delete it just because I
don't like that negative juju and I mean
I could redo the video and now that I
have a haircut and I'd probably you know
word a couple things a little
differently but is it even worth it man
like a video like this you can't win you
know I'm saying you make a video about
that and it's just gonna be nothing but
arguing and back-and-forth I just don't
have the energy for it man and yeah I
could private I could like make it so
you can't comment but I don't like that
either I like people to be able to voice
their opinion you know mmm we'll see but
my main points were that I don't think
Trump is gonna build a wall I think he
was doing all day
more for entertainment just to get
people riled up and to get that boat
that wants the wall but I don't think
he's gonna build no wall I also think
that um with all the craziness going on
in the world and all the fighting and
all the segregation and crazy shit going
on I just think you know we need to just
like just do better as people when I
read the tweets about um about like
Muslim girls like hijab II girls afraid
to wear their hijabs because like they
don't wanna like get threatened or be in
danger like that so sad man like that's
their culture bro like respect that shit
man like I couldn't imagine living in a
world where you're afraid to practice
your beliefs and your culture because
you're afraid of getting hurt you know
I'm saying and you know at the same time
also it's sad that that um that older
dude that white dude that trump
supporter got got beat up and pulled out
his car like that super sad and all the
riots man like shit's wild man like
there have always been and there will
always be people that have hatred inside
and are gonna hate you for no reason
you can't control those people you know
the only thing you can do is control
yourself and how you act and how you
react and I always say that life isn't
about what happens to you but it's about
how you react to what happens to you and
that right there can totally improve the
quality of your life if you just always
remember that that you have control over
nothing like literally nothing except
for how you react and interpret things
you know and you can choose to be
negative you can choose to be positive
that's on you but and there's nothing we
can do now but hope and pray that trump
does a good job you know he's the next
president there's nothing we can do
about that right now so um you know I
hope that all the problematic language
she was using was just all for show
and I hope that he rises up and uses his
knowledge and skills as an entrepreneur
and businessman and entertainer and uses
that to his advantage
and and does a good job you know I'm
saying until the next election when we
get like you know Michelle Obama or
Kanye in there or you know hopefully
Bernie lives long enough we get him in
there you know oh but before I go check
out these new hats that we're working on
with goodies oh this is just a sample
but that's it all right that's it all
right
yo yo a new goodie hatch coming soon
this is my idea it
yeah goodie brand calm the Royal penis
is clean your highness Thank You King
shit
