what
no real don't do it this is a magic
brand-new restaurant in a fly Vista
called the chicken or the egg they say
they're gonna hook me up with some food
I said okay I will never turn down free
food so we are here the picnic fried
chicken sandwich that is the chicken as
you can see then we got some egg here we
got the steak and eggs breakfast
sandwiches bomb we got some hashbrowns
we got some Buffalo cauliflower you
ready for this breath and what I say Oh
tater tots yeah
I'm out here shooting this shit oh
there's a bro what I'm doing out here
dome reduce my partner error on the
project we shoot in this dock you series
mm-hmm it's gonna be really incredible I
like to say all that all of that man
what the hell him what it's about but
okay call me a big shot
okay so we're shooting this little intro
right now show me some cool shots man
right now it's just some cool shots I
mean you know this is me trying really
hard to look cool you know my right side
is my good side he's most my pictures
I'm looking I'm looking that I'm looking
that way I just left that shoot for the
for the documentary series we're doing
and um I'm in NoHo so I hit up one of my
home girls I was gonna say she she is no
ho megabit tune what's up yeah so this
is the funniest shit I hit up Nagin I
was like yo let's get some food up a
little blah and the first thing she
sends me she's like Wienerschnitzel does
good address are like yeah I'm to help
cope and it's like the most random shit
okay so I've been a wiener schnitzel in
motherfucking years but then is your
first time so that's the right thing I
mean that looks good that's it yeah take
it take a bite let me see your wieners
dissing like subparts um supposed to be
like it's not gonna taste like a street
dog you know it is like the McDonald's
if it's the McDonald's with hotdog okay
but if you're creating up
but
delish bad I'm bad not bad
did you know that schnitzel is actually
not hotdogs at all you've been to Europe
and shit I've been sick even like you
know Ostia schnitzel you have to behave
you had smooth that's just it's just
like breaded breaded me click ready
breaded beef really yeah not even hot
doggy at all maybe the schnitzel is this
is Greta it oh look at this hmm what
maybe this is the schnitzel no you're
wrong Jim etymologies you put them
together don't make it words I so we in
this hotel room shooting escape for
Rick's channel's the Halloween skate
what's up how you doing so what's up so
what's up what's going on here bro what
you got going on here bread Oh what is
this about man oh yeah ah what'd you say
I didn't think what you say what did you
say
hmm hmm hmm just another day just
another day on set you know we look we
don't like doing this shit man we do
this ship to entertain you guys okay all
right look I am disgusted Oh yuck over
the entire time gross Oh gross ass boner
here's what ya'll don't know about guys
it's like we get when we're really
grossed out we get boners too
Tway tibay my super the ego moves up
super and also he also man to we do
sliding single don't say anything
incriminating
don't say anything incriminating Oh
mother so anyways he was mashing this
shake last night my mom BJ Vargas White
House given a nice little complex you
two for lunch meeting situation actually
I don't even know what you have what do
you have it here sir who doesn't want
time you'll be I'm never gonna turn down
free lunch and when I saw that the
homies were on the list as well what's
up we out here yeah looks good and I
said sure let me break some bread with
the homies because we always miss I
always miss their events yeah partying
you know you know you be doing because I
not me I'm not showing up we have a good
Indian food landlord and no cuz they do
Korean tatoeba to Korea
fuck you be the Indian people ops but I
love you I thought you were making a
joke when you say we be because it was
Indian food Indians only beef I thought
you doing like a a little bit I want it
really deep like a complex complex fun
oh you're is really even random people I
mean there's no beef there's no beef hey
homo gear swing starving Jay your feet
traffic what it is like me
live tonight I'm in a boat just missing
the Renault I'm here at the bait booth
neither they hooked me up with some
dopes here yesterday so shout out to
them and dr. Kiley hey did you get your
braids redone oh whatever nice so you
got a redone oh you did okay okay hey
Lindy I'm saying you know man
cut the swing flow I'm going with Zohan
King like Jamie that knit row and am now
yo chick is on my dick with no hands no
support like kids with no top put on a
big smile that shit's like Botox so
don't worry about the kid don't go cuz I
make my own money like Kidrobot what
Scott what's up good yeah yeah whatever
it was good yeah yeah do it I'm at the
urban ears booth and they hooked me up
with some headphones we did some for
cheer Oh with the Just Peachy logo a
great peach yo she's like fun she's
gonna give me such some dope ass for
that right there bro and then we got the
goodie joints a
so well thank you thank you
urban tears I'm trying to find my way to
my panel right now I'm like low-key loss
but luckily I made some friends
yesterday on the on the Cassandra Lee on
the staff what's up I'm lost too but
something and then and you are Jodie
Tolentino yeah Jody turns you know and
Cassandra Lee and their help no we won't
I think accepted a job which means write
in Spanish in case you didn't know they
don't like but like you know but I like
oh my god teach em is Lavar SI los vamos
por favor okay okay okay piso mojado the
fine and hey perro - no padam and a fan
you'll see he agrees he agrees padre
nuestro que estas en el cielo
santificado so i'm on my panel with fuck
jerry and some other creators just about
being entertainers in the new media age
and someone's like what do you find
funny right now
and I was like yo the mannequin
challenge cracks me up so everybody said
let's do it
fuck beetles in the city immediately to
confiscate the money
flowers but you said you do see just
make well me that girl is a real rowdy
small world all the friends know me new
young all living like an old king with
release the cash watch across slowly
Frank are still trying to get
yeah
yeah don't go do
don't you
bitch
okay so I just walked out accomplished
con where I ran into this Mary also well
honestly uh-huh you didn't do it in
YouTube there are YouTube I saw the
roaster some 10 years 10 why - Rick -
Rick summation flight Danko knew thank
you thank you both
hey thank you faith in you ain't got to
do all that bro you ain't got to do all
that Jim don't handle man I made him do
I made him do that you guys got ketchup
back there this is like wait hey how was
everything so good this is what my
favorite trick oh good it's not too
spicy for you no okay I like that oh
yeah you know dumb bed I really want to
go that burger place where you're
talking about in the car what you're
eating right now what's up bro hey
what's up man Tim I don't worry I wasn't
trying to take your chick or anything
away no I'm not worried about that I'm
not a sexually threatened by Asian males
Brad it's really rude what you say it's
like I haven't like a gay best friend
you know what I mean relax bro did it
look like you're about to get all kung
fu on me you know what I mean get the
leg up Bruce Lee do do you gotta watch
Bruce Lee movies your agents so you'd
love them go-go dancer what happened to
you racism Rick racism happens the Royal
penis is clean your highness Thank You
King shit
