Hey yes how did you do it where were you
when I was pixie yes okay so I haven't
been vlogging much since I surprised she
liked the amazing romantic boyfriend
that I it was a pretty good reply what
does that you you like that very there's
a pretty good supplies supplies there's
no joke about an Asian guy who hid in a
like a like a janitor's closet and then
the four surprise party he jumps out and
he goes supplies and the guys like no
actually that's a janitor's closet the
supply closet is a down the hall but
yeah anyways anyways let me tell you
guys if your girlfriend starts getting
sticky you all you got to do is do some
do some like a spontaneous shit hit her
with a little surprise present or a
surprise visit and then she like fucking
loves you why did you think I was
getting sick of you no but you're just
like you love me extra and ever since I
surprised you I feel like what what is
it baby
you don't love me extra you like all
like extra affectionate and not put on
pretty sweats for me put on the sexy
sweats for me this time babe so gia
dragged me to the gym right cuz
apparently she's becomes a little gym
rat while I was gone
you're not gonna mess up my flow as you
can see she's working her glutes cut to
clip
this is she a half cease workout plan
they recorded me freaking away just a
little bit there's a little bit miles
right behind you
your chimpanzee way to the bank we're
going to the bank quickly cuz not only
does she work out but she's also makes
her own money like a little boss I'm a
drug dealer yeah she was out here
selling Molly's to Canadians Drake's
birthday so everybody's on Molly running
amok in the streets or runnin Canuck in
the streets gosh Canada puns and little
pictures of Drake on the Molly oh yeah I
don't do drugs that was a joke gia does
not do drugs she does not smoke how
would you feel aren't you glad that I'm
one of the 1% of dudes out here that is
not smoke weed babe
is it 1% it's like a very narrow it's a
very small percentage like everyone
smokes you know I'm saying but I do not
need does that please you
yeah that pleasing to you mm-hmm
all that but all that beard boy so after
working out we decided to get a nice
healthy dinner
as you can see I got a giant steak
covered in what seems to be cheese but
it's delicious
shrimps and scallops asparagus so I can
get some nice stinky pee tonight
that is like yeah it's like sick what is
that sweet say I hate when sit with you
tweeting about me oh my god
oh that's gonna help your job baby
Salman sat alone this is kind of healthy
too it's just it's just fuckin protein I
don't know I don't know about the jizz
but the jizz is delicious
yeah you look good hey miss forehead
popping hey hey baby look good
they looked at me kneeling alright so
I'll head back to LA get some work done
local visit many times that's okay
hopefully customs immigration doesn't
give me shit I'm actually a global entry
person doesn't mean yeah because Chia
encouraged me and I hurry up and get my
Global Entry fast she's a nexus and what
that is is like it basically kind of
helped expedite the whole getting
through customs process kind of like a
little VIP get through customs thing but
they still give me shit like the other
day I guess I got a little comfy a
little confit going through customs and
dudes like it was like I don't so uh how
your girlfriend I was like hmm Internet
he's oh okay what do you do for living
on YouTube so okay getting a couple Sam
sent me straight to secondary but that's
what you get
okay so in LA shooting a little
Halloween special video trying to turn
this around in Halloween in time it's
like two days if I'll hello hello uh who
not you I'm here getting the light so I
can see you clearly who are you what's
your name I'm Xu and I'm cosplaying as
violet part from The Incredibles sweet
and hold on oh hello who are you I am
Tasha Leah and I am cosplaying kami
white finished a fighter hell yeah
bye bye cosplay fight cosplay fight
cosplay fight no okay and we got of
course you know I gotta have Rick here
shout out and we got the news from
subplot productions what's up y'all
appreciate you helping me out once again
I wrote this shit last night um because
uh he told me she had like a cool
costume and she wants shoot so I was
like alright cool perfect get a little
Halloween thing together and yeah man
yeah bro just knocking it out knocking
it up mm-hmm
open recording yes it is recording why
and so it's the end of some sky cute
yeah just gonna keep it on you nice and
nice until you get totally to awkward
and uncomfortable
we twerk for you and I'm gonna give you
a treat okay all right
now close your eyes oh okay you know
surprise you with the air okay
open your mouth oh okay well I don't
normally eat ass but uh y'all the cute
look like it's no good so okay oh shut
up bitch shut your mouth Mulan right
here good morning you sexy motherfucker
was good last night shoot was successful
and went well I ended up just sleeping
in that hotel room that I got that we
shot in cuz um this morning I got an
early ass voice-over session for an MTV
to show they got me just doing like the
narration and shit like that but it's
gonna be a long as voiceover session
like from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. so um you
know just trying to make sure the vocal
cords are rested and sexy you know I'm
saying trying to make sure I can deliver
right now you know cuz voiceover money
man that's that's that good money bro I
don't even have to look cute I mean I
already look cute you know I'm saying
regardless but I don't have to smell
good but I always smell good alright
alright so I've been here since 10 a.m.
it's about to be 6 p.m.
fucking long ass voiceover session for
this shit um but uh you know I'm saying
making a mojito try bruh right ok so you
already know it's Monday so you know
what that means it's Monday Sunday
Funday
as always my mom cooked up a crazy meal
we got some tom yum gai boo Oh Tom Yum
Goong we got some it's like fish with a
bunch it's just crazy spicy not me so
that's like fish with a chili sauce
quick picking fish and we got some duck
here quack and we got some veggies here
look how cute this is guys look how cute
this way
guess what y'all a year ago we shot a
webseries and it's finally coming out
time machine every Thursday is gonna be
on Tim's channel so make sure you are
there and you post education song and
you are subscribed it's super funny is
it it's funny cuz I made it but I
remember like watching it it's funny
it's funny okay cool so it's funny so
y'all can see some fun shit we hold
these truths to be self-evident all men
are created equal
Koby big dude this is a game relax why
don't we play something else guys yeah
yeah Tim doesn't want to play anymore
because he's a little bitch what'd you
say to me do I said Tim is up little a
little bit ever come at me like that
bear for me
the Royal penis is clean your highness
thank you King shit
