don't eat poop good morning guys it is a
beautiful beautiful Wednesday morning is
it Wednesday yep got it right no it's
Tuesday almost got it right
that means Ally's birthday is in t-minus
Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday four
days I can count I went to college yes
very nice incredible move the downward
Kitty you nervous bud okay okay and with
the tails organ that's good saying I
just got back with evil from the vet yet
get his vaccinations who's not very
happy with me it's like the everyone
said every year every three years I do
so I don't know if I really mentioned
that in the vlog set but diesel had a
couple episodes where he would kind of
stare off and then he would shake a
little bit in his teeth with chatter and
it really made me nervous I I didn't
know what was going on I talked about
again today and got blood work more
blood work basically done to see if he
potentially was having actual seizures
which of course me I'm freaking out and
terrified and you kind of like you you
think the worst and I hate to do that
but I think you think the worst to kind
of like prepare yourself for if it is
the worst
however got the blood tests done and
everything came back crystal clear he's
bought the book was really really good
so that's wonderful however if it
happens again my vet said to make sure
that I go ahead and I film it that way
she can get a better idea of what's
going on but what she thinks it is is
just kind of like a muscle spasm being
the fact that he's older dogs get
arthritic we all know that he's got a
pretty loud mouth so he he could
beginning our three knees like in his
neck or in his jaw and that could be
causing that all the stiffness and then
chattering is just kind of like it
reacting to being stiff yeah I feel a
lot of relief I was very very nervous
today they had to shave part of his neck
and I felt so bad he was shaking so much
I just I don't know about you guys but I
freaked out so much when I go to the vet
I freaked out more than I think the dog
does I know that they don't really know
what's going on and I know it's going on
so my mind races and goes to like the
worst spot ever even if it's something
routine like hey go in just to make sure
that he's doing okay I still think the
worst or if he's going in to get a teeth
cleaning I still think the worst so he
does have a little infection again on
his mouth which we saw that one coming
because diesel Jorma dog that has so
many issues bud but you're still the
cutest and I hope you don't hate me too
much anymore
he was hating me for a while naturally
when I come home they all start singing
go dude Marley and then Zoey starts
doing it in the diesel with his girly
voice they're probably gonna do it again
we can't learn and talk speak hey speak
act like a worm good job miss you mimics
with Molly bass it's hilarious we can
speak Greek a good job speak speak
alright time to replace this little guy
so that way we have this guy and then we
have a filming here and then eventually
we'll replace this one just nod your
head that's what I've noticed in our
relationship just nod your head so one
of the cameras are in the hospital I was
talking with a guy and for the a 6300
I'm noticing that it's quite heavy
versus using this so with the lens and
then the what is this is the power zoom
the mechanism in there just makes it so
much heavier so I went and I looked and
I found this really cool if I can find
it with one hand so it's the Sony 16
millimeter one it's just a single like
flat knob that's all it is just a base
little yes well yeah this is just a
simple little lens it's only got a 16
millimeter you'd know zoom or anything
like that but when this goes on to the
6300 especially for logging no longer
does that camera feel like it's a lot
like this because the weight it's
probably gonna feel just like using that
I think this is gonna be the long ago
we're literally about to buy one of the
weirdest random things anyway so we're
about to buy one of the most random
things I think you've ever bought in the
vlogs I took a dump receipt
get a dumper seat Ellie had a little bit
of issue the other night I had a
powerful moment really although that'd
be even better story though I'm not
doing at slo-mo so it just makes you
look weird I've actually I've ever been
down a toilet seat aisle or toilet I'll
I'm by mistake you're still doing it by
the way I realized the first couple
clips of this thing we're kind of faded
and I'm trying to figure out the
different picture profiles that was
lovely good job though also though look
at this okay figure this out when I talk
like this
it used to suck right but now when I'm
talking like this thing diesel D good
boy now what you guys can hear me what
it was it was the stupid thing actually
it's not stupid it's actually very
practical what a dead cat fuzzy little
wind dampener thing so when that was on
it it just basically pointed everything
to one direction which is you know what
it's supposed to do is a shotgun mic
however when it's off it's got more
microphones like sensors on the side so
that way what I going this I start
talking to you like hey Rika you guys
can hear me pretty well but the color I
see the color I'm still trying to figure
out what I like because all right so
let's just do this so this is pitcher
profile 1 and we're gonna snow switch
and then you guys are gonna just have to
tell me
alright in the comments that little eye
up there or that little eye up there is
what you guys are gonna have to vote in
or tell me to comets are so this is
pitcher profile 1 now this is pitcher
profile 2 so it looks like it's less
saturated alright and this one's 3 I
believe there's a little bit more faded
Zoe where you going
peace now so this is 3 maybe you're a
good indicator cuz you're so blonde yep
now we're getting into more of that I
guess
more cinematic feel so this is for sorry
I couldn't count for a second you got
did your profile for and now we have
pitcher profile 5 which I kind of feel
is a pretty decent one
I can't he'll know it's kind of hard for
me to tell I probably should have showed
this on my face too for whatever if you
guys can like the other one it's all the
same so this is what I say 5 this is 5
and continuing down the line this is 6
no this is not a toy everyone thinks
this is a toy rick is going after this
is not a toy so yeah this one's a little
bit more matted you know the saturation
is down a lot
alright so even more matted this is 7
and I've been noticing I'll show you
something else to what I was gonna get
but I feel like when now that cuz you
guys decided that we're gonna start
shooting at 60 frames per second - you
know every once in a while we're gonna
do some cinematic stuff at 24 anyway so
this is that one this 7 picture profile
7 one more I think there's one more so
this one's 8 and I feel like this is the
most matted of all of them and it's it's
a lot darker so I feel like it's
definitely got that cinematic feel I'm
sure I can make it different but I don't
know I kinda like the vibrance but then
a part of me likes the a little bit more
added kind of thing but as the other day
that's up to you what you guys want
anyway but I have noticed that now I've
gotten better since I was always trying
to say now that I'm shooting the 60
frames per second per your guys's
request I've noticed that it's not as
like jiggly and jittery and stuff like
that because of the fact there's more
frames per second but once I get the
other lens off there off of this one has
a better stabilizer it's gonna be even
better because I was gonna get I was
just getting on the profile that I like
kayln egg together for lunch save
because not only are we hungry
like general bucks my birthday is this
weekend and so we're gonna go and hang
out of Caitlyn's house if I'm hanging by
the pool and maybe take out the boat so
we're just kind of like talking about
what we wanted to do and like what food
to bring but it's interesting it's my
31st birthday and like a huge part of
news I got you something huge and the
craziest then another part of me was
like really would do anything to create
a relaxing day with my friends and
family and just pretty until 2031 which
is I don't think that crazy right no
it's not what I was saying is that I got
this which is what Frankie told me and I
should get it's this what does they
called Jean I don't I don't know how to
pronounce it
pretty awesome gimbals the one that he
uses but here's the thing I wanted to
get this as a way to make things not so
jittery and jiggly for you guys but at
the same time I figured be cheaper just
to get that lens actually is a lot
cheaper than keeping this thing and this
thing is so heavy it's so bulky
it was just isn't practical but the
quality is much better as you probably
could tell the last couple clips we were
like walking around that was the g7x
mark - this is the sony a6300 160 or 300
or what everyone to call it I never
thought I'd go to the dark side with
Sony I've always been a Canon guy
they're totally different things Sony
and Canon to me Canon was the good side
and Sony was like the evil side what I
think it was is that the sound is awful
on all the Sony it's like the Sony V X
1000 or whatever the one that's
equivalent to the g7 X mark 2 was like
kind of really obnoxious as far as sound
wise for such a small thing where I
could just use the Canon but now that
I'm stepping up everything and I got
shotgun mic it doesn't even matter the
problem like I was saying is that it
doesn't have a zoom feature but when
you're vlogging you really shouldn't be
zooming anyway it should be so on your
face but now I can just say that one
time I'm gonna need to actually do it
I'm not gonna be able to so now you can
see what I was talking about utilizing a
new area yes
oh by the way guys want to see something
cool it's actually working you look
carefully it looks like it's actually
spreading this actually might work
anyway the other day I went to the store
and I got sidetracked and I got Rika new
harness cuz she's bigger I don't want to
walking out the door cuz right now she's
scared but if I pick her up and put her
outside that might be a little bit
better we're gonna try to get Rika on a
leash in a harness in our long trip or
long road to be able to walk with us
hopefully you ready to come outside jobs
that make sure you don't fly out of it
my tail is going crazy the dip of the
but she doesn't know she likes it
you of course literally he must have
known that boy most obnoxious color to
go outside do what we're trying to do is
or carry out here cuz I don't want her
to think that she could walk out the
door cause she's terrified so right now
she always associate Sour us picking us
up
alright ready there you go that's the
first time she's ever been on the ground
never been in the grass you're on the
grass be a long process no now I know a
lot of people have like outside cats but
we just don't want to lose her and I
think she's a little too afraid to be
outside by herself I'm just a little too
I don't know how well that would go
Buzz's funnier and cooler to have a cat
on a leash and walk with bunch of dogs
there's a Navi tail that's a good sign I
love happy teller just stop now have you
not noticed yes I didn't know that was
thought the whole time
she's getting a little up there goes
petting the leash this is weird this is
the opposite side
another lizard the guarantee is she sees
a lizard her Minds gonna explode you are
not to eat lizards okay getting on her
first walk
I have a twin sister she lives in Canada
I want to introduce you guys to her this
is Nadia can you guys see the the
striking resemblance sisters over here
well guys after editing this video I
realized the camera was all over the
place I still have no idea what's going
on that lens that I just got was worse
apparently he's not opening I don't know
what's going on the aperture the part
that lets the Sun in or the light in
it's not doing so eventually I want to
get it but there's a lot to do it this
is so easy I just turn it on
point-and-shoot
no-brainer that one's like alright you
have to sit down watch 40 minutes of
YouTube videos which is I'm not
exaggerating it's what I've been
watching that's definitely another lie
but as you saw we just finished up doing
some of the face times the Skype calls
if you will for the patreon group that
we have going on if you have no idea
I'll put on the link down there
basically it's a way you guys can
contribute it CTFxC and as a thank you
we give you things and there's a whole
bunch of stuff it says
patreon.com/scishow XE it's down there
but coming full circle I just have to
say thank you to the last few people
from the patreon group for the shoutouts
for February 1st is Carrie Ruez Johnny
bullets Karen and Renee Stevens and last
but not least Patrick and Cannon thank
you guys so much for an awesome February
I will see you guys tomorrow as always
love you
