slowly trying to get Rika to like water
and she's distracted I don't think she
likes it down it's awesome
where is it where's the lizards well I
don't know this is how I usually spend
my morning is helping diesel find
lizards
I don't know if you guys remember this
was for a wedding right we were gonna
use this for a wedding and we never did
then we were gonna use it for this and
it never did
so all these moms gonna do something
crafty with it yep you think that blades
gonna do it
what help just the bigger parts just
peel right off still got these damn
sandbags I've used a few actually I
planted a pumpkin seed a couple of them
and couple them were actually sprouting
I also just threw some one randomly in
the front yard so you look for that I
don't see any it's kind of hard to know
though but just some squirrels ate it I
don't know I'm really hoping that'd be
so cool pumpkins just hidden in this
area ally found out there's a was it
called shop of Palooza it was like an
indie market downtown and rather than
it's such a beautiful day and it's
getting nicer out so rather than driving
and you know wasting gas and polluting
the planet we decided to ride our bikes
plus it's more fun
the day goes by so fast and every moment
counts baby I don't wanna miss a thing
we can sleep under the stars I can sleep
under the stars I'll hang out and hotel
bars riding someone in your car you can
sleep under the stars
did you really we're all over your shirt
oh my god
this is my luck a bird just completely
tell me is on my face I think I've heard
of it so much it's under your top your
shirt though yeah it's all on your pants
and it's on your shirt where yeah and
right top there it's okay hey let me get
these are the squirrels I used to always
come because they're so ballsy you're so
used to getting fed back I know I used
to feed on peanuts and bread and I'm
still a little pissed about that so I
can't believe out of my luck ally just
missed it that a bird just pooped all
over me I hear it's good luck it's good
luck right I think that's just somebody
who made that up because they got pooped
on that's pretty cool threading the
heart of st. Pete right now and there's
a giant gecko it doesn't matter where
we're at ally can always sniff out the
fresh lemonade always sniffing it out
that's the best part this is a store
inside of an Airstream
literally inside of an Airstream
at a trailer
she gets her clothes in the trail no
this is awesome food trucks are actually
one of my favorite things alley
I know we talked about Ally wants to
start one maybe that'll be our side
business with YouTube so vlog starting a
food truck is that it's risky is doing a
restaurant right now okay if you're
gonna be this is how we know if we're
gonna do this not like you having crazy
foods like yeah
I wanted to be like a healthier like
that healthier version
bacon boots it's just like carrots and
grapes and celery
I want to do it I want to transform them
listen
but the thing with that please outside
yeah no I have like like friends and
sick they have a partner
and they have not
and then they had a chicken sandwich is
which 'some
I didn't take it from people there's
something romance about what we're doing
right now sharing a romantic meal on a
park bench from a food truck yeah it's
kind of like our wedding yeah they are
really really good
be very careful I think that's the spot
that's the spot right there damn bird
traveling north wait babe wait this is
the guy wait wait it gets really
demanding I did wait
right yeah I didn't do it
it's just started talking now wait I'm
not doing it it's actually kind of cool
especially if somebody can't see wait
makes a lot more sense now wait that was
the business of helping anyone that has
like seeing issues out the door they
don't have a job anymore Sub Pop almost
every day I've been taking Rico to go
see her little flower she freakin loves
this thing ready for it
but if they're a flower that's her
flower
she always gets pollen on her face - oh
no what there you gotta get all your
shots oh I get such a run around
I didn't bites it's a GU went like 13
miles and it feels like nothing like I
forgot how easy that easy but how much
fun riding a bike is at how much
exercise you can actually get and the
distance without feeling much it was
interesting though cuz we went downtown
a st. Pete and then there was one thing
then there was another thing and then a
bird did on me and then there was
another thing no joke I got a change
okay
literally I'm not even kidding when I
say a bird pooped on me I was going and
I saw the poop go and I couldn't stop
like I couldn't hit the brakes and it
landed on my leg splattered everywhere
people on the bench started snickering
rightfully so because if I saw something
like that - I would laugh my ass off I
guess what I should really ask is have
any of you guys ever had a bird or
another animal from the sky world poop
on you big old load right on your head
leg arm your food like I like you know
it'll be a really funny thing and I'm so
gross but if it ever happened I know
it's happened to once in this world
somebody's eating and ice like a vanilla
ice cream because you'd be like talking
your friend like oh yeah Gary what's
going on yeah no I just got this cool
ice cream but yeah this when he's over
here just from the sky right under ice
cream so you'd be kind of like yeah no
dude I would have totally enjoy this
thing and then I'll meet up with you and
then yeah where I'm coming from that
don't you feel like that scenario has
happened at least once in human history
and if one of you guys are actually
watching and it happened to you I'm
deeply sorry but I hope it was on camera
this is actually kind of cool if you
guys notice that when I talk sometimes
in vlog in the kitchen I just end up
doing circles while I'm doing it I just
a second comfort thing or habit I don't
know what it is but anyway what I was
gonna say is yesterday Allie and I were
going through talking through something
because Anthony Anthony Padilla former
Smosh guy I've known him for about ten
something years it
him and Alex wasabi were saying
something along the lines of being the
og youtubers and somebody said that I
was doing it longer so I got the
thinking I was like happy and I'd okay I
went and I found out YouTube I created I
beat him but I created my YouTube my
first youtube Kent account was in
October 2005 2005 twelve years ago so
then I got to thinking I was like howl
up my other accounts like my Twitter my
snapchat Instagram like how many years
and stuff like that my my PayPal my eBay
things like that like how long I've had
these other accounts and I actually went
through and made a whole list and I'm
going to show you guys right now it's
actually got a mind-boggling Facebook
for 12 years YouTube for 12 years
Twitter for 10 years Instagram for seven
snapchat for six years
Gmail 13 years okay get this eBay /
PayPal 17 years damn I had definitely
been around the block on this social
media stuff having 17 years for eBay
that blows my mind when I saw that one I
was like oh Jesus mm that's insane even
like looking at a Facebook that was so
long snapchat feels like it was
yesterday I don't want to say I'm old
but Jesus I am been doing this so it's
actually really kind of cool to think
about like I've been doing this with all
these social media but I don't buy space
my space was probably 2,000 I don't have
it so but a lie Journal okay so we're
going back so that's probably 17 years
as well so my space was 2001 2002
because it's not as much as other ones
but it's still long cuz I don't even
have my space or life journal anymore I
don't think anyone does but what I was
going to ask you guys another question I
have for you other than pooping was to
go away from the poop I want you guys to
tell me in your cut in your comments
below your comment in the comments below
what is the length that you've had your
YouTube your Instagram and your Facebook
like how long have you had that see if
any of you guys can beat me at was 17
years yes see if anyone who can beat me
is 17 years for an account and it can't
be myspace because you probably don't
use it if you still use it then maybe
we'll account and no live journal
Journal or anything like this and stuff
like that because I know you're not use
it friends if it was this Friendster I
know you're lying
