please please give every supervillain a
window to a larger she's she's quivering
over here Oh somehow they know this is
their house yeah girls welcome home
check it out guys which one's your room
as investigating this is our room just a
man it's always making sure to check
every room Marley's already up so you
got to be careful see this is the second
floor
checking it out I'll be careful going
downstairs no here this is all yours
that goes confusing them there you go
that's all yours run around on top of
just moving in
remember the mattress
they're happy
Mars already testing it apparently it's
morally approved first I want to say
thank you to Lisa for not only hooking
up the CTFxC with the discount if you
guys didn't know Lisa calm sigh CTFxC if
anything upgrade your mattress is this
an upgrade see if anything upgrade your
mattress and help someone who needs one
it's like the toms and mattresses don't
shout
listen if you fit here to the California
King was worth the extra C especially
when your girlfriend is an ostrich as
ostrich legs and pterodactyl arms those
X are a couple inches
no really it helps I'm actually kind of
bummed I paid all right five times the
amount of money for a mattress that's
smaller than this just for our name
brand I'm selected media so the chaos of
getting ready for a festival for
Savannah and is like we're moving out
this is how I pack this is how she packs
this is how we tag we do know we're gone
for only two days we do we pack like
we're moving for you it's better be
prepared than a P that's how I feel I
think it's my favorite thing that you
always bring is this backpack oh yeah
everywhere I think I was like everyone
left in the front seat Lissa finally
just got back and we're just sitting
here by herself in the back crammed in
the back seat right now enormous time
just a couple of guys took the contrast
and where's Marley but he went to go
find you guys ready go the beach I stood
out here Marley are you still there
hotel room that's not our hotel room and
I know that something done it's not a
big deal
no we were supposed to check in at 2:00
we got here at 5:00 discuss delays and
things of that sort
and our room is still not ready so right
now they have us in a temporary room we
can't really leave until they have our
room available because we can't leave
our stuff so that's where we're at right
now how are you enjoying that Savannah
Oh lovely mm-hmm can you tell that we're
so thrilled but I guess a good thing
about this is the fact that it's not too
shabby every room but it's definitely
not the one that we wanted also the
weather is like so crappy outside so
well actually it's looking better well
nope I lied there's like storms
everywhere so it's really not looking
that much better
no I recorded it I'm recording I can't
tell if this is the beach we're like
it's a dog beach or just a beach where
people are like fucking I'm bringing my
dog little prancing
I'm gonna push it down you guys can go
swimmin
but bury you in the sand look like Zoe
doesn't want to work anymore guys so I
think we have to switch the marla vision
go hang out take a friend Zoe be right
there ty you done get some sunglasses
I'll stretch them out with your big head
here a bud so I thought for sure he
would totally knock him out but he's
totally accepting him right now
like James said he's kind of accepting
the fact that these are guys at Stan his
face is like alright I guess is gonna
happen
Thanks pose but I think beach day was a
rousing success
you end up waters or you look like
freaking Jabba the Hutt right now I came
to the apartment to grab some things got
the TV some bedding maybe a stand some
dog treats got their beds just all I
need in life dog beds and dog toys are
you gonna chill their mark is that your
princess bed over there nice white bed
to match the white dog do you see that
here's the funny thing - he's so
freaking stubborn as you saw from the
almond he wouldn't scoot over for Zoe
it's something though he's like the
clinging do a little bit of the pitch
little dick
you are a little dick sometimes I'm
depressed
we'll get you some xanax but one thing
they're gonna realize about roughing it
at the new house roughing it is that
there's no Wi-Fi yet I have to use one
of those hotspots in order to do
anything online
it's weird become so used to Wi-Fi it
literally feels like I'm walking up
camping inside a house that makes me
sleepy just watching him and you go over
here to this one she's is wide awake
watching every move you miss Wi-Fi to
actually it looks like it's decompressed
now so that means comfortable hey dog
ass
hey we could share the bed we could
share it if you really want I consider
you an edit and I don't have to go
outside make sure that not eating poop
or rolling in poop or chasing a bird
they can just go out do the thing when
they're done they can come in see you
are these right there I'll have to worry
about an alligator you keep my honor
awesome look at she comes in what she
wants you didn't roll in poo cuz there's
no poop out there what'd you do did you
do something bad first time taking a
shower when we first move in the other
house it took me problem I still this
day two years later I still don't know
all the switches in the house now I got
to relearn all the new ones in this one
right tie there's a towel right yeah
this is sweet already has a towel ready
for me all right you guys can't see this
up here but in the meantime just watch
Marley
