hello Internet so today I'm buying a
house it's official guys new house
before we go to the wedding we're gonna
go check it out
make sure it's still there can't make
sure you but I want to make sure I
didn't just buy keys that would be the
biggest ruse ever like congratulations
here's your house so good morning
Internet charges up with his mom kind of
exciting news and then we have a wedding
I'm super excited about that I gotta get
ready I also have to get all Charles
stuff ready because God knows that he
has not even attempted to get that ready
for this evening so welcome guys to the
new Casa de Trippi
we will start moving in very very soon
we have a lot of shade for pool oh I'm
pumped for the pool even though it's
such a nice yard though another pool
we're not this one Thank You Julie
within the wrong wine well it's on your
dime
Touche there mom so thank goodness I
checked on jars closed for the wedding
because unfortunately the shirt that he
what he was going to basically do is
wear what he wore for the last wedding
that we went to which guys so easy if
you have a notice on I feel like they
could wear the same thing over and over
and over
nobody's going to care girls I don't
know why it's different but it's
different I'm wearing what I wore to the
last one I don't really care I have to
go get him a new shirt because I just
pulled it out of I guess he washed it in
the washing machine which I don't think
it's a machine washable friendly I have
to go ahead and get the clock and go and
get him a new one because it's got
stains all over it a black shirt with
crazy like I don't I don't even know
what's on it I actually don't even want
to know what's on it but Hank now I'm on
a mission to go vitamin E shirt
gotta make guys I'm freaking stoked new
chapter in life needs a new start first
sentence this is a new sentence guys and
I'm happy you guys are here take it with
us it's ceiling fans it's the only thing
I know we have to get because the air
conditioning is freaking baller only
what this is what Floridians are stoked
about air conditioning I just got his
shirt and hopefully he doesn't destroy
the fun which looks like one set across
from the crown
and somehow he manages to ruin every
single one better purchase more when you
buy the house from him he gives you a
beer I don't know what we're gonna use
this for I think it's just to be my
pizza my pizza for either Ridge mo to me
my root beer fridge must be a cool thing
my job mom time you take a job mama
trippy is it this wouldn't happen
without Molly trippy all right now I got
a little wedding we're coming back up
here and hanging out the house the
traditional ripoff throw to the ground
who's like this poor truck jackknife
himself Oh off-road it mom
you got this got it 4x4 he's the only
front-wheel drive or whatever 4x4 these
are country roads holy moly new keys
your house well you got a son Jesus
Cherokee smell I've been signing papers
all day all right guys I got to turn you
off Ali's got a secret project working
on I can't tell ya Rotel don't tell him
yet and we'll tell you a couple days hey
stop eating that what are you eating
are you eating rabbit poop that's one
thing I'm like pretty stoked about Molly
can't eat rabbit poop or run away
anymore I am gonna miss this I'm not
going to miss the fear my dogs getting
eaten by an alligator though hey stop
eating that what are you eating
you're eating rabbit poop that's one
thing I'm like pretty stoked about Molly
can't eat rabbit poop or run away
anymore I am going to miss this I'm not
going to miss the fear my dogs getting
eaten by an alligator though Hey stop
eating that what are you eating you
eating rabbit poop that's one thing I'm
like pretty stoked about Molly can't eat
rabbit poop or run away anymore
I am gonna miss this I'm not going to
miss the fear my dog's getting eaten by
an alligator though definitely pretty
bittersweet about moving because there's
a lot of CTFxC memories in this house
but I'm really really excited about
moving like I said whatever new chapter
you need to do a sentence and apparently
this is Marley getting in as much as he
can you know like sometimes change will
be really really scary definitely poop
into the background gotta be serious and
I was taking a shit I'm not scared at
all I'm really really excited about this
this change and I hope you guys are too
what this just kidding you're not gonna
get my sandwich just you wait
there it is what on our way to the
wedding I'm all snazzy like a all black
always in a car full of dog hair Allison
Hall black also at a carve dog hair but
she looks a lot prettier huh oh yeah so
the hair doesn't like like a vacuum but
she does enough money to like when you
roll down the window she lurks the rack
in her hair
seelix play harder than any i'm very
pretty gonna get ready
from the earth nope
I actually forgot seriously I shave
here's like I was shaved my beard I was
like why are you shave and I was like
makes me look younger and skinnier but
apparently when I shave I do it really
fast and then this spots so you look
like an old man so I look like a like an
idiot Callie and I were talking about
group texting and I saw this on Facebook
no God please no I feel like that's
everybody's reaction oh group text how
much I hate you bitch gives you a DJ the
party right here there's a lot of treble
in that oh yeah a little bit of trouble
extra trouble need a little trouble I
got no sub over there get it max nice to
speak quality with music to say guys I'm
very disappointed them go see it squeeze
it if you haven't seen go look at jinx
like Instagram is snapchat all that
stuff you look like a grizzly man just
go look at it you'll just see exactly us
and I was really bummed I was hoping he
would actually have it and Ali's doing
stuff for everybody else
move I found oh my god coal's be he's
got the beers Jade shaved his off
fleshly mine off today
yes
big old manatee right I used to come
here when I was little she's got a new
one
which one is news
they're the weirdest animals
boys showing off
Florida weddings you got air it out and
can't air out your honor that was the
first one to roll up sleeves and I
convinced Kohl's B&J I felt like such a
jerk being the only one so it's a bit
mark your next focus on the middle
ground oh it's middle ground you're just
going to hold it like that like rolling
thank you
so here is our table this is like our
old table border
now if you want what you wanted except
the case of the giggles
someone moved me again I'm laughing got
the giggles my wife is giving Jake the
giggles giggles the jiggle-jiggle
congratulations
I need numbers man I need numbers
I'm Jerry caught it very card
shenanigans
okay now what are we doing is we find
Jess Wes okay
sorry babe put your rod away
now for the fun part moving time here
Marley squeaking a little toy all night
if you guys are brand new to CTFxC
welcome don't forget to subscribe
everyone else hello again I don't know
what to say next I'm so exhausted I'm
sure you hear Marley guys want to say
thank you guys for being so fucking
amazing yes that's it that's all I want
to say and I'm gonna go to bed
hope you have a great night and hope you
enjoyed today's video bye guys
kudos sound of that I know this is the
boys a dressing does it whitter you can
play in at the
into go let go I've been acting
fuck let me go so
yeah tell me
20 holes are on this to become legal
have like little kids
trampling through it all the time okay
that's quite ER I'm gonna go through
those go waste lighter you want go away
I'm looking for my dad there come a
little bit no right now
but I just don't dentist's office and
I'm here is Dana and what we civilian
Selina
my hand at the dentist's office for this
anyways but what you could be too high
