yes I know hello Internet
all right I'm gonna get blood you hang
out I'll be right back
Ali what to go st. beep I hang out with
Savannah I'm gonna do a little bit of
cleaning a little bit packing got all my
dogs all packed they got all the dogs
packed well I got me got you packed okay
I'll be right back
gotta go good luck so I was at the gym
today some guy told me that my pants
make me look like I have weird but bug
legs but I'm trying to understand
I don't know I don't really think that
was a compliment
Johnson's less than my body now as my
taxi driver believes of the meter
running and just wait and I get out here
he's gone
I called him apparently he went to go
down down the street so essentially he's
running the meter and making me wait I
think that's wrong right I'm just hoping
right now that he stopped meter at least
otherwise he is a very smart guy he
knows how to play the game for that I
can that shame so before I get the
pressure washing I just wanted to tell
you guys
okay so we're moving what is it like a
couple days now and that means still
packing as you guys saw or packing
everything over here packing packing
that means we got to move that mattress
over there better move the bedrooms
mattresses as well I was complaining
about that in a video a while ago and on
Twitter and this company called visa
it's a mattress company le ESA they
actually approached Danny and Travis
before - there's CT ethics ears and they
wanted to give you guys $75 off any
mattress that you want so if you go to
Lisa comm slash CTFxC le esa.com saw
CTFxC you can assume my stupid little
face
y'all refresher so you can see it you've
seen with stupid little face the promo
code will be automatically applied at
checkout and here's the kicker part for
every ten mattresses that are sold one
goes a homeless shelter not only are you
gonna put your butt on a nice mattress
but you're gonna be helping you know
other people who don't have mattress
it's packaged nice and small so that way
you don't have to worry about like
scheduling conflicts you know like
having a company you know the moving
company bring it to you the regular
regular mail like the UPS nice little
box like this and then once you open it
it starts inflating itself to a giant
mattress whichever one you want to get
and I noticed probably one of the
weirdest things that I've showed in a
blog as a sponsor the reason why is
because that mattress in there I had to
pay a lot of money and I haven't wait
forever to have it delivered and this
one is just as good as you know that
mattress over there for like a third of
the price of that one over there and and
that company definitely didn't get one
to the homeless shelter I promise you
that Charles already have a freaking
mattress why do I need another one is
your mattress comfortable because this
is a little fun fact
okay given that an average person sleeps
8 hours a day which we all know you guys
don't you sleep more that means an
average person sleeps 229 961 hours in a
life basically what I'm trying to say is
you spend a third of your life weeping
if not for you guys this is do this for
like you know homeless shelters because
I think that's the coolest thing about
it and get yourself a nice mattress
upgrade to a California king which is
what I am doing right now I'm buying
mine now and it should be here in a
couple days just before you move free
shipping and 100 a trial so kind of a
no-brainer right there especially if
you're spending a 30 to life sleeping
and now we start cleaning because if
we're moving they need to spruce up the
house a little bit right lot got the
pressure washer I'm gonna do all this
stuff to do the screen and make this
house look nice and cool lizard you're
so lucky Diesel's not here now if
there's no but oh you found a bird now
that's a stick she's looking for birds
so he wants nothing to do with me right
now come on Zoe I swear it's not a big
deal all right I don't think they gave
me the right stuff because this does not
seem right ma I left the nozzle in the
back of my mom strong awesome this is
what happens guys when I try to do tool
stuff it just doesn't work
all right I'm gonna show you guys a
quick before-and-after before
you
okay so I just got to Melissa's came
here because we are gonna do the podcast
today because it's got to be able
tonight can't be late on that anymore my
things charts at home playing around
with a pressure washer which is kind of
frightening kind of frightening already
looking better what are you doing over
there Marley you guys want nothing to do
with the pressure washer this is why I
like the pressure watch the most when I
clean like instant brand-new but we are
about how I got some really psycho here
I know I'm a little tired today thanks
Melissa
so we're gonna ready to do the podcast
the blank page because there's nothing
done yet girls lose more weight let's do
a club yes something girls rule guys
drool
ba-bam ba-bam I never thought I'd be so
excited about doing housework
look at that brand-new we're gonna do
another before and after before so we
just had the scariest thing happen we
are getting ready to export our podcast
and my computer just decided to be an
asshole and do whatever the hell I
wanted to and we were freaking out
because we thought we lost the entire
podcasts that we just well recorded it
was beautiful so we do want to put it to
waste but thank God
Thank You Melissa computer for being so
sweet we had two interests putting our
brains together we figured it out I know
we had an intro that was going over and
over and over and over it was not good
yeah that's not good right aliens you be
bad wanna see what Tyson did oh oh
that's a very it's like the Headless
Horseman bones it's oh that looks like
it's the intestines yeah oh yeah
sleeping shit-for-brains right there and
that piggy
take a Lizzy to take a listen to me line
sensor we're gonna help us with our song
and after ya buddy
things are starting to look pretty damn
good Charles the manly man who says I
can't do stuff like this Oh everybody
or if this will work okay before
how's it go totally work hell yeah hello
up today is just about growing up
talking about mattresses and cleaning up
your house but you know what it's an
ordinary day gotta love it
how's it gonna look freaking cool you
know what I can't wait I can't wait to
show you guys the new house do you guys
want us to do like a tour we got out
before we'll be getting that reason why
we haven't done it yet is because
obviously it's not furniture in there
and I feel like it's gonna look kind of
stupid you know you can't really grasp
what a house looks like until you know I
mean so once we get all that I promise
we'll do like a house tour if you guys
want want to see what you manded no I
didn't want to this is electric so I
didn't want to let you keep myself hard
anymore for spraying water on it but you
can't really tell now but in the daytime
this is all bright white and that's
bright white can you tell it's all white
over there and not white it's all clean
over there you can tell that thing's
gone now the spots gone I didn't want to
get that all the hoes I'm a pool cuz I
didn't want to miss being honest all
right so I guess because this was in my
pocket because I didn't want to get it
wet they kept trying to hit my password
and obviously it wasn't getting correct
because I can't read my mind and now
it's locked out son of a bitch I'm
making cilantro lime chicken burgers on
the George Foreman oh hang on can you
see it - get it look at it oh really
it's like a summer zucchini and squash
baked
yes basil in it and it has cheese and
bread crumbs and onions and
deliciousness all in there well no wait
do you ever cook no he doesn't ever cook
you cook pizza right no we're gonna be
healthy I know this really doesn't do it
any justice but it's really yummy okay
how do I turn this off finished product
I didn't know if I told you guys we're
opening up a restaurant and Ally's gonna
be the chef and I would eat everything
they weren't enough don't know don't
think about it okay well you
power-washed a lot today okay
I feel like Cara watching should be like
a new exercise that's more fun we can
eat 400 for those yay
don't drink for those what are you doing
do it
you hear ow
these are the moments guys that I
finally get on camera
what again little itty-bitty waist
around in your face yeah Ally's she's in
the shower you're free you're free for a
little bit until she gets out alright
guys I hope you enjoyed today's video
chill day just hanging out the house
hope you guys had fun and if you guys
are brand new to these videos you better
subscribe otherwise I'm gonna find you
not really but really subscribe alright
guys I'll see you tomorrow as always go
does it was they get to play in as a kid
to go back yell I've been back the
entire
but we go
yeah Tamara hooks
funny how old run this become we will
have a little kid trampling through all
the time okay that's quite her I'm gonna
go go away spider you wants go away I'm
looking for my dad come a little bit now
right now
but my circumstances office and I hear
it's stained
Selena
would be here I'm not sure eat one hand
at the dentist's office for this anyways
but what should be - hi
