hello Internet just a second I'm on my
way to the dentist to go how to get my
tooth my friend 26 and to get that
cavity felt very insecure about my teeth
so having a chip on the front of them
just does not make it better about I'm
going to get that fixed now so you guys
remember mo little asshole decided to
like sneak out so what they ran into the
woods right now hey little scape come on
Kobe let's go find them biggest fears is
my teeth like cracking and crumbling and
filling out my mouth or being hit in the
mouth and my teeth being knocked out ok
you're coming with me bud just you and
me we're looking for a cat find them
cope you usually do he'll like try to
run out and Kobe will like seriously the
belly flop on top of the cat and like to
lay on top of them until somebody comes
to get some every time except except it
obviously this time where are you I kind
of have a reoccurring dream that happens
since I got this like little crack oh I
do this little chip I'm like oh my God
my dream is coming true my dream is
coming true even though I know that's
not the case
and that's not the case where's he
usually go cope you smell them kind of a
dead end we're gonna go this is the boys
I used to trap there this is the woods
they used to play in as a kid I used to
go back here all the time I haven't been
back here in part like 20 years
obviously well where's he go cold yeah
tell me where he looks 20 how overgrown
this has become when you don't have like
little kids trampling through it all the
time ok that's a spider I'm not gonna go
through there go away spider you wants
go away I'm looking for my gat though
I'm a little bit numb right now and I'm
not sure if I'm drilling but i just got
done dentists office and I Hewitt's
Jaina and what's your sister's name
again Selena Selena hi Selena sorry you
can be here I'm not really sure you
wanna hang a good dentist office with us
anyways but what should be too high Kobe
you are doing anything a shopping cart
that's strange you're terrible tracker
right now spiders but you're too low
yeah I'm getting all the spiders and
Kobes is missing every one of them come
on buddy get help me here till they let
me go first maybe I'll scare something I
have boots on I feel like I'm drooling
right now I'm trying to look or you know
to see them drilling give the office I'm
watching some vlogs are just awesome I
don't know it always just so flattering
to me it feels so lucky to be a part of
this rail because it's really I don't
know it's just so flattering it so
awesome to see people and to meet people
that find entertainment out of our lives
which to be sing a little it seems a
little weird our life is definitely a
little weird but they're also great they
all love child they all love with kings
I used to scare my sister back here it
was called the man in the woods and
we've come I think was a great around
this area like we've got chairs back
here and we brought like carvings little
bot knives and we would carve into the
woods give us one two three and kind of
things like that like a really scary
shit just doozy around here you smell
him he was around here wasn't he Twitty
the girl code good we were small you
lose them
khob it's big ass spider dude we have to
go that way that's why we call him oh
cuz we meows he sounds like you're
saying though can you guys see look no
chip not yet so I guess I kind of like
the dentists he's bright orange like you
how are we missing him Oh guys that
spider shit that's a fight spider want
to hear a dumb story if you look very
carefully on my eye you see that little
scar next to my eyeball back here there
was once a bunch of bottles and as a kid
I thought it'd be awesome to break them
with a stick and I was smashing with
stick and one of them was full so the
carbonation shot up a piece of glass and
nailed me right there almost lost my
eyesight right there so I thought it'd
be a good dinner and I wrap a Caesar
salad hi mom get down I like how i fix
my AC yesterday and I follow up by being
all skittish in the woods by a bunch of
bugs well Kobe I need your nose there
you are just don't get bit by snake
Charles
huh butter webs look there's a little
max little poopy head crazy but still
kind of crazies getting a little bit
calmer yes Max's flea biting my hand mom
yeah what do you need you to google
could you do don't kind of know he's so
gentle he's just flea bite that's what
diesel does who has now become my weapon
please comes out here eats a bag of
chips and then leaves well there's the
tire guys I found the timer was telling
you about hasn't left in 30 years so
I've got this little thing on let's see
how max okay I thought it was very funny
he was run again over here making trails
work for himself he's getting stuck
again Kobe you can't go through
everything you're not juggernaut that
starbucks cup before starbucks is
literally everywhere this is now going
to me my spider stick or snake stick
whatever stick see the woods mo let's go
I remember this tree jesse is like a
face with a horn I always thought as the
scariest-looking treat especially when I
came out here at night have an idea just
got to the house I guess mo the Catholic
just got the surgery is missing and kind
of ran to the woods so I'm gonna go me
some there and hopefully we can find him
then I go help I'm oh I'm go help my
moat where's moe where is Moe that's the
question of the day where's moe
everything's just like so dead back here
moe if you're in a tree i'm gonna kick
your ass we get you down first then we
kick your ass not where I need to be
the fuck outta here hey lock co e you're
not doing your job bud dude I was in the
woods and you're looking at flowers you
son of a bitch I've showed you his MO
before guys i just wanted to show you
how skinny she gotten your skinny kitty
cat she's 13 years old now she was my
first cat and she used to be such a
bitch but now she's so sweet here I'll
share my water with everyone and you
just drank all my water that's okay as
long as you find them oh okay good it
take this is a trash I think that's the
trash take oh come on Dog the Bounty
Hunter get it because he's a dog come on
you silly boy don't let this stupid law
get in your way you've upgraded the
category we've upgraded to swishing
around a cat can wet wet cat food
believe it or not that he's had this
ultra hot cleared out and people ride
dirt bikes through it that's kind of
crazy to think about now your mom put
all this crazy stuff back here and look
it actually looks really cool looks
nicer but you don't know where the
snakes up oh that's sucks thanks honey
deeper and deeper into the lab like fill
up my car hey go for round two after
this please don't worry your mother
Jesus lenexa spider web you're fucking
kidding me right
somebody's waiting for you yeah you can
come out now grumpy Ali's beautiful
teeth have been fixed already show them
you already showed him I'm sorry I
haven't seen them little pretty deep
okay got extra my mom she says mo came
home was hungry asshole I knew he'd come
home cuz he does this all the time he's
just a little dick there he is he's
sleeping on my bed it's funny I was
talking to Ali it's kind of funny as a
kid you're so fearless and I was editing
today's video and I was like going
through all that stuff and like watching
it again i can't believe i just want
walked right through all that stuff
without actually looking and then i
remembered as a kid going through that
at night and not even gonna miss shit
kids just the fearless anyway hope you
guys enjoyed today's video we will see
you guys tomorrow as always have a great
night doodles
air filter all the time what is it
keep their for their life and when
little bit further than he anticipated
that
that's a lot of shit get you a bigger
bucket no pictures of the power
