don't judge me
yes that was a chicken burger time
allowed I'm off chemo as of today was
yet yesterday was the last pill shut up
called it a chicken it's a chicken
burger chicken sandwich um yeah so today
it was the last day technically of the
chemo and I wanted to treat myself to
something disgustingly awesome right now
we're going to say P because we're going
to do the walkthrough of the new house
Allie chipped her tooth and a little
chip on her tooth so we're gonna get
that filled I don't know if you remember
I'm somewhere somehow tour I think was
that tour where the beach balls were
going all over the place I hit Travis
like in the mouth was a microphone and
he chipped his tooth kind of the same
thing so it'll fill eyes too
- there's one too
you could grind it I'm gonna bring I'll
bring it
but I'm gonna do it cheesy star wipe
don't make me do it that's gonna be our
new thing guys cheesy star wipes are
awesome Hey cheesy star wipe all right
that was an uneventful star wipe hello
again uh I was going to say if you guys
didn't see yesterday's video we finally
did the dress up challenge where I was
wearing Ally's booty shorts and I was
wearing my awesome my awesome clothes
with black pants black shirts everything
I was looking through the comments
yesterday apparently you wore it
apparently you picked the best ones best
outfits but I warm the best
you have no idea what I'm talking about
guys go watch yesterday's video that's
all I'm gonna say just go watch
yesterday's video and we'll make sense
you know everyone's afraid of the
dentist because it's nice tranquil
little thing smart actually very
relaxing so I don't know if I'll really
get in that guy's it's not big but he
would tell you see things here something
I'm very insecure about
I always tell Ellie she has the cutest
smile in the world I know it's a drift
masters are to New York and can over
like answer them to be still ask
questions
usually the other way around but
thankfully they're super nice
and social care
here I made a friend over here I don't
always man yet still working on it
hi buddy came about a few things but the
cavity I'm a little disappointed myself
but that's what you get we don't impose
on to my future I'm in there getting my
teeth cleaned and they're all like
freaking out like oh oh my god is that
your boyfriend out there those the kind
on outside of I think so he's all right
and they were freaking out over him but
it was so fun either in the doctor
Bangkok there you go that's your
boyfriend my teeth cleaned interred in
in a knit knit and in and in it look can
you see it because the double tapping my
camera no this is your camera I didn't
break your camera you broke your camera
so broken no you broke it he broke it
anyway so I have to get this is yours I
Bluff mine in here this is totally okay
so I had to get these to file or this
one I have a small chip on the front of
it so I have to get it like filed down
and then they're gonna do this one too
and I have a cavity which I'm really not
proud of but I'm an idiot
and I should have gone to the dentist
before and I saw this coming so I'm
gonna go get that done but I'm still
kind of love to learn guys go to the
dentist
Plus seriously floss floss floss floss
floss it's got no mindful bottom jeans
and boots would defer with the fire with
the third the whole club is looking at
work
just gonna go just door without Ali now
yeah what do you think of the yard
because I'm playing you'll play in the
yard we're doing one of the final
walkthrough
there's a ball Kobe Kobe test out the
yard test out the yard buddy
looks like Kobe like the yard
alright so we're doing the final
walkthrough right now we have to get
like a rug for the dogs change this up
here cuz he turned off he still is
amazing how cool it stays down there
huh weird Kobe goes testing on something
else but guys I want to go inside look
guys I gonna test it out Ali is this a
door a window into it okay there bud
shake his toes ball away and no we do
stuff too big anyway try how would you
like that if I was just going like this
I got I've had him since I was a puppy
he's so probably so funny doesn't matter
he's like okay you can do that to me his
fun I used to hide M&Ms and like
that is jail right here oh my god
Charles when he was asleep and then he
would wake up he'd be so happy you
didn't give him chocolate
everything that's why everyone's always
saying I never seen
we can reuse it this is literally the
area that everyone utilizes and occupies
that char's of their house publishing
room kitchen diner office bedrooms arias
and guest rooms withdraw our guess
double french parties we are eventually
going to forcing swimming pool back here
and we're going to try to do showers mom
is documenting a heart-shaped pool I
want to do a beach entry so Zoey Molly
can just uh and because diesel is a big
pansy so Zoey
yeah but I think it'll be better for the
dogs to for their legs if you're the
only thing guys is that we need to rent
a stripper because I need to find out
that this is going to strong enough for
my stripper parties hey just you sure da
guy or do shrink those is flaring
would I be
say you know it everyone got a good a
plus report card except this one yeah
you did do it she watched her kid just
look for the poop looking for it he's
looking for lizards Jesus bean chill get
in that ride and my T's are freaking
killing me right now
well I've never liked the dentist but I
always thought that feeling after you
get your teeth cleaned but I have to
tell you that my gums are killing me
they are so bad school lets me come on
Ali I trust you on the sides diesel I
don't trust you yet
you're still you're still learning get
on your spot good job everyone settled
that's fast one thing about aliens and
long legs we've got those Teradek alarms
those clusters legs
come on Rocky
come on Rocky I gathered a little
running partner mm-hmm raki chill out I
know you're excited too darn char I was
doing such a good steady pace and then
you came up and you scared the out
of me lost track of my pace
unfortunately cuz tar was being char
come Aidid oak don't get any rabbits
come on oh did you hit me out of gear
again you did Ali took feasel for a
little walk and I'm drying marley out
right now but she rolled in earlier
when Tom took her to go to bathroom
don't Curley air-drying marley it's
always just long for the ride hmm seems
I'm gonna drop don't worry guys the new
place we're moving totally has awesome
places for me to drive the golf cart
around I would move nowhere else gotta
have my big red whatever the hell we
need this thing
chillin though as you can see everyone
is kind of getting their little snuggle
spot Allie's watching the challenge of
yesterday by the way guys like I said if
you did not watch the challenge of
yesterday the dress-up challenge this
was your guys's idea want to get a
little cuter so yeah guys make sure to
click the the challenge video right here
it's yesterday's video go check it out
and let me know some more challenges
that you guys want us to do because
Ali's addicted to challenges right now
you mean that out awesome I look in the
booty good anyway hope you guys enjoyed
today's video and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night
toodles
what
yes thank you
they're quite comfortable
but I can see
Oh
thank you ma'am
really yeah dress oh my god we there
anything gonna fall out again
apparently diesel likes button II just
can't lie
