it's like I do I really really do it's
like an hour and a half away so what do
you want to say good afternoon hello
Internet hey Kyle nervous I know what to
say right now we're doing a little
research don't show I'm just saying
we're doing some research nobody knows
what it is unless somebody knows
eagle-eyes has some eagle eyes they'll
know hey you guys see nobody slide chill
chill it complains guys making big plans
so today is the day we're gonna finally
accept the challenge Jesse and Jeana set
out challenge for the dress-up challenge
a long time don't bunch of youtubers
then I got a text from Jesse saying I
better do it so today's the day we do it
challenge accepted dress-up challenge
geez already to dress up
cheesy star wife Ally wouldn't pick
three outfits for me of hers and I did
the same thing of mine
and now I gotta put yours on first who
those first paper-rock-scissors shoot
son of a bitch see these aliens I was
actually trying to figure out outfits I
was like what do we give her a black
shirt or a black shirt black pants or
black pants so I had to mix it up online
so pretty there you go nothing and it
was fantastically tight I told you I was
gonna do the whole outfit accessories
and all that's what girls are all about
it's accessories so why is it taking you
so long I love that you complained that
I take so long to get ready but I feel
like you take so much longer
the crop-top honey those are pants you
put them on your body show off those
curves
hey I like good things oh I gotta give
you guys a close-up of this one Oh God I
must say I'm almost thinking that you
wear that outfit better than I do honey
I'm gonna have to agree with just your
pants a lot more we rip the pan my jeans
like one time to jump on stage or like
yeah like that this is like oh you look
like such a babe I'm starting to think
you look like something I should be on
the red-light district though Oh baby
fine okay oh my god you're such a little
freak
all right so now we're waiting on Ali
funny yes but you got to grab your balls
and look me and turn the Hat to the side
like an idiot what's that it's so good
you comfortable is that the SD card no
joke we were just looking for that
you're they say about big feet babe well
brain I got a big brand the Internet see
my brain
I don't know that under where's Bertha
Joe pull my underwear up get my clothes
back
I'm gonna throw up
alright Internet round one who won that
okay well next one next one next one
this is this same necklace gawa just put
it on it has a bottom it's fun so every
time you want to give me shit about
singing too long check out them cares
don't run in those heels oh you look
like a little pretty princess look like
a total babe hey that's gross
that's exactly how you get men to pick
you up you look like such a babe do you
go baby
thank you sweetie yeah don't grow funny
yeah you did so pretty
did you tell me go tell well you looking
super fat I must say that you're cute I
don't know how q you are as a girl I
earned $1 at least I'll give you a
dollar to take it off I see the thing is
I feel like when girls dress up as guys
is a little bit not cuter but like they
can get away with a little bit better
that's what you can you can just say you
look super bad it's a combination
between warped or and I forgot I had
these pants
nice going to be writing my a little
like lowrider bike well first you got to
hike up and then skateboard down
longboard down blog boards got a a
longboard see again I feel like you
could rock those I guarantee there's
like quite zero outfits I could give you
that you can
Batroc that's why I don't wear those
pants the zippers broken now I remember
yeah shoes it's nice to me there's who's
working it better me rally my
quintessential outfit I'm not wearing
the short short son of a bitch oh man
this is the alley outfit I'll be right
back you see as I hide your junk
hey what's up 21st we have the same
shoes oh just wearing my shoes
thank you ma'am really
oh my god please I need to go out again
it's a really white legs honey
the bodies are not develop you just look
so cute
where you going oh you're so pretty and
we're gonna I bought all day I thought
it's just accentuate your ass check out
them some daisy dukes
but do you look so pretty
Oh shake that ass and this is outfit
number three for Ali so at the CTFxC
beanie a pvp shirt a trench coat crap my
black Jill gets I'm not sure now the
board choice was a joke I was be trying
to get you to come out here topless yeah
oh and and the Jordans
oh boy that is priceless you do look
like Fat Bob now you're making me feel
like those are girl pants there the girl
pants the whole fucking time let's do a
little close-up on this old school shirt
whole school Jordans nice see everything
I'm giving you you look pretty damn good
in it's not fair
all right internet in the comments below
who wore it best and who picked out the
best outfits I learned that I picked I
think you did wear this and you picked
out the best outfits too although no I
mean the short shorts I think I totally
rocked best
all right Internet in the comments below
tell us who won also let me know if you
guys have any other like challenge ideas
especially in days like this where it's
pouring rain in Florida and you really
can't do much with it inside dress up in
each others clothes I actually think the
next one I want to do is the clothespin
challenge for the we the kings and I
like goofy your lots of root beer let me
show you look I like root beer I'm
Charles Trippy root beer it's
non-alcoholic
diesel you're gonna get wet
summertime showers pretty it's nice I
like it every once in a while it would
be 95 times
both not Marley so much but Zoey I don't
know if this helps you with your dogs
being frightened but every time I show
them the rain they kind of calm down he
didn't want to come in so I shut her
outside and now she wants to come in on
your own terms huh still freaking out
come on pop up
what's hide what's hide from the rain
see the Thunder is going away I don't
know if you guys knew this trick when
you see a flash of light count like
one-mississippi two-mississippi
three-mississippi kind of thing and the
second you hear the Thunder
that's roughly give or take how many
miles the the Lightning is I think it is
obviously it's not a science but it's
cool little and now you know it was so
unimpressed about everything all right
so now back to my regular clothes the
Lightning has stopped and everyone is
chilling I figure this is the perfect
time to say good night to guys hope you
guys enjoy today's video a Lynette we're
talking about like maybe doing more
challenges that way we still film every
single day but we have kind of like a
not a day off but the kind of a relaxing
day where we don't have to necessarily
could do a lot of filming anyway hope
you guys enjoyed today's video
definitely and we will see us tomorrow
as always have a good night
toodles toodles say Bravo
I don't like how is it a little
something technical I'll try think of
something
I was anything a little bit more worth
it okay
back in of urban to those available
look there than a punk-rock Joe well
I'll tell ya free parking
I gave Ally my chair and I have to sit
on this makeshift thing
