good morning guys as you can see the
background the dogs want to go somewhere
and Alex just trimming me up right now
but I go golf cart going with oak oh
well Kurt and later today guys I'm going
to go see string yes going out let's
catch you later my bicep that's strung
out we're gonna finally go see them have
you ever seen them no I'm like super I
feel like maybe I have a boy like a
vegetable he said don't take up and I'm
like no
Dylan just realizing my touch here since
2005 I've been on the internet for 10
years yes I'm Eugenie it's not including
myspace and so alive during all that
stuff friendster
20 years on the internet would you gimme
haha personal assistants guys girls walk
/ go / ride okay
I over the wrist I won't do it again can
you do more than 10 I know we want to go
no let it be known Internet this is the
most I've ever trimmed on my favorite
ever like when you're sure can i see I
didn't have one because everyone was
making fun of me for all the black
shirts I decided to get a white shirt
and I figured you know what credit wants
it go and look at this they sent me more
Zoey Marley toys at some more dragon
shirts there you go buddy I'm just
realizing i don't have one shoe on show
me your running stance show me your
wedding dance let's dance pants no those
are still standing no right here no show
me your pants
I
hmm i don't want no scrub scrub as you
guys don't fit no look from me by the
way no I was talking about yesterday
what the hell did you just do the other
day I was talking to Ali i was like
thinking of like why is made 15 and make
16 seems so like like such a date in my
life I couldn't figure it out and I
opened up my itunes and it's right here
May sixteenth by livewire that's why
that song has been grained in my brain
well babe I thought it was something
significant to do with me nope getting
so I got bored Marley want to see is
your dream okay check it out guys look
mark can you go see Marley going after
all the squirrels your dream thing mark
is her dream drive don't I don't know if
morally hate squirrels or she just likes
to chase him you sir are having to wear
that slobber blanket all the time now
you think these was wearing that because
I is cute but its its necessity
especially on the golf cart it's a
slobber blanket and one date let me see
here I love how they above the opposite
ears let's go Pete go with your ears
combined you guys can actually hear you
form a single dog you'll be like the
first concert I've been to in a very
long time I know what I'm Iranian
especially one that I'm not playing it
I've all of the freaking play or open up
for a strung-out that'd be amazing leave
the frickin lizard alone
you're worse than Marley with uh
freaking squirrels road lizard you must
leave the lizard alone you must you must
what's he doing to you nothing he's
doing nothing now this first time ever
seen strung out my first time seeing him
if you guys have no idea who's throwing
out its ass band right here they take my
shirt off over here that tattoo now
that's armpit hair that's gross this
tattoo at this one thus we the kings
that's pizza this is my first tattoo
ever and when I was like 17 or 18 years
old thinking at a 17 a little pal I got
at seven feet but I did the fan of pies
like it feels like 20 years now
yes till we got a cool we'll bring you
guys along go to speak you guys in that
my phone if they catch the camera I'll
sneak around the back because I know my
way around the venue there's a venue
with the Kings actually plays a lot if
not I get caught for that I'll bring in
digha phone you guys are a few guys will
be in there were dating you want to say
bravo you're lucky i'm going to i don't
let al easy go get a little too big but
they're parallel parking is impeccable
it's impeccable I was trying to think of
something yeah thing I was
trying to think of a little bit more
spores it ok oh you got it I'm Tonya I
am awesome I'm just gonna say it I had
to parallel park like a suburban in the
tiny spot at back in a suburban too ok
cool sorry bill great store
what's greater than a punk rock show
well I'll tell you free parking
chivalry's not dead I gave Ali my chair
and I have to sit on this makeshift
thing and this looks like something from
the simpsons had to do it mini corndogs
movie corn dogs as you can tell it's a
fantastic atmosphere date night saw the
day 9 terrain on the freakin dress car
nice early
no no
always like Italian well we're trying to
be a good Samaritan and move my stuff
over cooking demo room we had water here
fully the market all over myself well I
don't feel that it's rainy already it
was cold and I couldn't react other way
the entire tables my pants keep riding
up right now because outta here hovik
whole block block minh hai feeling there
sir I hate wedgies found it
so I can't hear a word I was trying to
talk to me and I can't hear a thing what
Oh Garth Garth Sookie cars Joey cars oh
my god anyway so that was throwing out
that was the bands and I grew up
listening between AFI and strung out and
hunt you a hundred bergen of AFI they're
the ones that pretty much got me into
the hole playing music I was like 15
years of age 15 years of age this fall
right here they change I want to say
it's like every couple of months yeah do
you think about like how many different
I think it's cool remember we're playing
that show here in st. Pete and I met
Santa Claus he was right here it was
dirty santa claus and i was trying to
talk to me that she sounds like you know
like Charlie Brown like the pink indulge
was like won't want what walk walk walk
walk walk walk walk walk might offer
though the motor feels the motor sitting
the modem it's been a long day guess I
have taken my chemo that was the day end
of the day for the subject day for ya
now we got you home put poison in my
body get the internet working no one
knee reception anyway guys I hope you
enjoyed today's video it was definitely
a blast I really really enjoyed getting
to see strung out especially since it is
on my body but I have to take night five
of the chemo I will see you guys
tomorrow as always don't forget to
subscribe because of brand-new and have
a wonderful night doodles take it off
take it off
big hit me
take it up
you
the
it wasn't you they love to do the wife
goes off you'll block yourself
we were just playing a watch okay
watching no you don't know that yeah
they want to show me important as
hats off look right there over there any
and he still lives on this beach
