probably you just thing ever while he's
been clean that'd be weird good morning
internet it's so pretty out happy
Thursday are you on the lizard hunting
adventure this morning and I believe so
because he is in a bush and Marley is
wandering outside shooter then I had a
good catcher so it is so beautiful out
today I'm gonna go get char up soon cuz
we have some work to do and it's too
pretty to be sleeping great hello pet
peeve of mine is broken light bulbs so I
want to go today and just go through
every light bulb in the house that one's
dead that one's dead and that one's over
here peanut whole line is dead right
there shake that ass watch yourself
shake that ass shovel what you're
working with shake that in watch
yourself this is sick than it is a dead
rat up here that's bullshit really
that's not funny seriously you're so
full of shit I think I see the dead rat
oh my god do you want actually clean who
are you I don't even know who you are
anymore can you say it clean God what is
cleaning alone what is cleaning time
i'll give you a colonoscopy Blue was 40
of immersion where they take these and
they fuck each other yeah but it's
really not good for you to choose up her
five years play the air guitar do it do
it
you're telling me that you just had the
prime opportunity to play the air guitar
and you chose those chords in many cars
those are the soul of whores oh that's a
really great solo you just did or why it
is super bowl okay is that weird ya
gotta wait awhile you park that what you
used to do ah that's why you do let
there be love hey symbols like this oh
oh hey does he yell all right that would
make sense for you there's no light of
our there's no yellow line is they're
not nope solve it yellow line no yellow
well I lied cut is one yeah it's still
there I see it on your chest chesticles
breasticles wallet and wash don't do
that come on let's let's let's be adults
here okay let's act like mature adults
let's get through this all together mmm
light bulb shopping you're so bad my
pops holding down you nothing the
visitor light bulbs not Thomas Edison
right wasn't some nickels tech saw this
kitchen
yeah Nicolas Cage the ticklish cage
pixels that leave me hanging again I
always leave you hanging Ali we can get
a bunch of black light bulbs be like
freshman in college again we need is a
lava lamp at a strobe light though we
got some dusters I've got some lights
some light bulbs this is what we're
doing today welcome to adulthood
beautiful babe all right so now we gotta
find some paintbrushes we do some spots
before it moved I just got it this one's
like stuff take it all the route Oh like
it Ali has probably the greatest punch
ever hold on that wasn't a better than
punch you know I've got my arms hurt my
turn fuck no you hit me I'm your
girlfriend this is Diesel's one
direction audition tapes you both are
gonna join one direction baby ever since
that one dude Lester at one direction
diesel wants to be in it give me the
next one to go you do 1d in one go that
man movie21 down so he's a soaring much
is this gonna be the freaking Zoe's 20
Braxton show me your voice
I'm gonna leave all that in and tell me
if your dog or your animal freaked out
hey come here can you guys hear it what
under no one lightning cracks as you can
see she's over here diesels over there
you're you don't ever shake I feel so
bad you're scared and I don't feel good
right now that what you want to you pick
the spot and I'm hanging out with you we
are kind of in the process of moving and
for those of you who have not moved
before it is incredibly chaotic it's
really stressful moving just packing
yourself up in general is so
time-consuming and tedious and annoying
and I truly was thinking wow well you
don't really have that much backup but I
completely fooled myself like i said
earlier Tarzan feeling too good so we're
definitely going to try and take it a
little bit more easy today and you know
just enjoy our Thursday together and I
what I have no idea what that was I just
freaked me out so I've been sent on a
mission to go gather the dog food
because Charles is still
feeling really well but I wanted to try
and get a little bit more organic stuff
that I can't typically get on my local
grocery store get get Charles little
treat I know it's not the best thing in
the world but this is probably the best
root beer I've ever had in my entire
life Lindsay actually introduced me to a
wham the boys went out on that boat like
I don't know maybe a few months ago and
I figured you know what I'm gonna go
ahead and get char some that delicious
root beer just as a little surprise
because she's been wanting some for the
dogs too thanks for bearing with us guys
I know it's facing kind of boring and
kind of uneventful but you know that's
awesome days are I'm gonna cook dinner
for us and I'm probably gonna go for a
run and see if I can wake him up in a
little bit beet swirl referred him right
I are you protecting him oh you would've
protector I know sir he knows that's ok
cuz Molly does it I woke up and alleys
shore miss all this cool stuff she got
old-school root beer and organic organic
earth core root beer here ok here's a
little contest you know like an
old-timey the cowboy times whether like
hey Johnny give me a sarsaparilla it may
like roll down what looks like a beer
it's a fun little fact that's Borella is
essentially root beer so all those tough
and gruff Clint Eastwood characters in
the movies just wanted a root beer just
like me by definition every time you
guys say lose my man card and actually
getting it every root beer I drink I try
to make things
you're asking for a sarsaparilla like a
Drivetime like we're provision yum idiot
what oh my god maybe just destroy my
whole theory yeah me honey today being
day one of the the key ball in my body
it's just kind of making me very tired
and kind of hurt my stomach and my body
essentially it hurts my stomach and it
hurts my fingers hurts my arms hurt my
foot anywhere else when I guess I'm just
trying to train and that's okay yeah I
don't know how I did it somehow my
zombie sleep I managed to feed all the
dogs you did it I'd never mind i managed
to take something for him a zombie sleep
I thought I felt like I fed the dog I
did take my pills so I did something to
my sleep I got you Oh Marley quick one
of these all nice like who is that
that's you just crumble I'll get a cup
okay good cuz via the nose look any
tomatoes so we got chef ali mushrooms
yes okay squash because it's better for
you now say it italian fucking eat it
that's in town that's funny that's all I
grandpa said you liked a lot of Italian
grandparents said that it makes me
really attractive excuse me say such a
video he said Jason to be a video he
says hi Missy you guys move to New I
don't have a thing with Cisco son it's
living let me down low cuz to you got
dumped like a truck Chuck Chuck guys I
baby move your butt butt butt no this
gives going I just trying to edit the
video mu two grueling something and I
let him looking down low Kashi guy comes
like a Chuck Chuck Chuck give you good
good what what it movie but what what
living the vida loca on alone let me see
that I
it's not see thong and I said I phone
you're so cute well thank you guys so
much for all the well wishes on Twitter
and comments and the videos it really
really really means a lot so I just want
to say thank you personally so here's
the day too okay well hurry home hmm
almost lost that one I'll see you
tomorrow as always doodles I guess this
is how you do it at night but I'm
getting real upset now we are three go
yes day what I do that Oh Ally that face
that's weird what you think that's weird
but it's weird no please no I'm a
vegetarian sir insects aren't me yeah
there they are hi day I doubt there any
form of meat in that insect don't chew
it you chew it three alright guys what's
getting kind of late and I have to start
this stuffing
