yo come down here yeah so we had to
remove the baby gate and now this little
idiot
sneaking up here no you stay down to
shower play pinball what are you doing
up here it's a whole new world come here
go ahead good no get kitty good kitty
good kitty come on let's go
Mar they want a treat what a cookie
remember two days ago I don't know how
you got back in but I'm gonna remember
to do it this way okay uh-huh
seriously keep the hell out of my house
don't you come back no more no more okay
I'm I'm laying I blame I get it I'm
gonna be that dad just being annoying
Marley when does your ear ever bend like
that try a new style yeah do you break
your ear yeah it goes it's coming back
to normal now it's all curly that's
weird
okay oh that's my spot something crazy
is going to be happening later on
tonight Ben and Charles are gonna do
something incredibly fun I have to say
yesterday was so much fun for Charles
myself and I think Melissa I think she
enjoyed the way that we gave her her
early Christmas present we definitely
wanted to do something a little bit
different out of the box because
obviously if you guys know us you know
that we don't do anything normal that's
just what we do we'd love to do things
that really surprise people and we
almost do things more for our enjoyment
than the other person while we were
doing this entire thing we were laughing
the entire time especially because I
love to get into character and being
Santa Claus might have been my greatest
feat and I was so proud of myself you
guys did not watch it make sure that you
guys do click there's a link down below
that gives you the description to the
video les are from yesterday if not make
sure you watch that before you watch
this video so stop right now
tart is going to be leaving soon - huh -
Orlando to do something really fun with
Ben I
they make call Travis and Danny and kind
of a guy's day you meet up and do
something really really fun got my stuff
no I just got my backpack pack got my
shoes tied tight I hope I don't get in a
fight back to school go back to school
this is gonna make sense you guys are
ready to see something super exciting
I'm a little bit bummed out I'm missing
it but I get to do housework high five
so this is a tonal last minute decision
and I feel like I've made the worst
decision like the best decision at the
worst time I should say born Orlando
normally that's maybe an hour half two
hours max depending on traffic it's four
o'clock now and I'm not gonna get there
till 7:00 so it's make three hours just
look at that traffic bar right there
just 20 something minutes right here and
I'm not even out of st. P you know
what's really kind of funny is I've
always been like what's the lumbar
support on a car like you know the seat
because it always like feels like it's
going like this but after lately last
couple drives to Orlando totally get it
it's amazing like right now looks like
I'm farting but now I'm just enjoying
this pressure on my lord
now that I discovered this I shouldn't
say discover I knew it was always there
to discover the fact that they're
feeling so amazing this next road trip
Ali and I are gonna be doing soon either
December or January
by the way can anyone let me know when
it's possibly going to snow in North
Carolina or northern Georgia we did it
last year and it was like January but I
kind of want to do before that just
because we have touring Australia and
New Zealand that the early next year
like February so I want to kind of do in
December but I don't know if there's
gonna be any snow does anyone know on
the East Coast where there might be snow
the chart left and I am just being kind
of hanging out at home with the dogs
trying to just hey you know dude the
casual cleaning up around the house I
feel like it was only cleaning for like
20 minutes and sunset and it was like
about 5:15 but it it's still like
catching me off guard
even though the time changes all over to
go but like I cannot get used to it and
then 7 o'clock rolls around and I feel
like it's 10 o'clock at night I got
exhausted I don't know if you guys can
see I fell asleep I don't know I don't
know this is 30 this is what 30 looks
like sometimes it's pretty rough on
Friday night you know the fun thing is I
just now got over that bridge where I
said hi to you guys or said we were
leaving I wish I could drink coffee so
or I can like so drink coffee but the
problem is even five decaf or even if I
get like no joke a Frappuccino which has
a minut order those refreshers like a
minut amount of caffeine like I started
getting like I feel it oh my god I'm so
tired
I know I've caught snack so what are
they doing they're cooking yes everyone
that's Meg this silhouette is Kailen
this is Meg
oh there's Tommy Tom so we're having a
romantic night on the dock right now
I'm lighting it screaming okay line
dances so romantic
well it only freaking took three and a
half hours but I think I'm here I smell
rubber so my assumption is this is the
right spot I just went off roading in
the wrong spot
I'm gonna see if I can find bad so
snacks is teaching me all the ins and
outs of this place flap and they make a
course with cones right now it's like
the feed through d-class drivers so they
really like kind of you know figuring
out you see some guys it's the first
time ever doing it I'm nervous you can
tell but their way into it
yeah okay that's pretty gnarly yeah
one
right
I can do that
that really is like us and Mario guard
Eliot
Vanna organized it so I we can all go
and ride one of these things
terrified she already do this I thought
today right-hand drive car this taste
this car right here
that's my brother-in-law everyone saying
is there's never a dull moment
never
my face is gonna be taking me out now it
looks like aggressive and like impactful
price the smoothest day
please
all right so everyone say thanks to
Tyson he'll be social like Twitter
that's odd Instagram it when is it Tyson
don't walk don't put it on screen go
check it out oh thank you check out
there we go to what you should like it
was awesome a little a little frazzled
right now you were doing so fast
oh that sounds like an airplane take it
off
that's what's party
that is probably one of the coolest
things I gotta say thanks event broken
this up and Tyson over there is o WC
right osw racing check them out I'll put
all this information description this is
gonna be boring driving home he's in
there on i-4 in traffic like for three
and a half hours I'm just gonna start
weaving in front of everybody so this
part he built it myself from scratch
basically 240sx broke it you bought it
I'm sure the camera just like bobbing
around but I don't care what I just
drove it is a 1994 Nissan 240sx to the
factory convertible they didn't make a
huge amount of them under the hood it is
a Nissan RV 25 which is the engine out
of a style
in Japan it is a 2.5 litre straight-six
it's turbocharged it makes 490
horsepower cool Scott the car we can
chop the whole front off and then remade
it all out of this tubular steel so that
when I crash because that happens a lot
happened today that's 50 yeah yeah so a
normal car has like 40 degrees of
steering angle we use different
suspension parts in the front make it
get like 70 degrees it can go way more
sideways in the back there's actually
two sets of brake calipers though one of
these is for the normal foot brake and
then the second one goes straight just
to the hand lever okay so like pulling
the e braking a normal car to like slide
it out right dedicated set of calipers
for that jeez there's way more to it
than do you ever think right this is
really really doing I'm super
embarrassed from the last event where I
went off-track here it's been fully
converted to an aftermarket fuel cell
this car actually has three fuel pumps
there's two inside the chain one on
either side so it doesn't matter which
way you're sliding it's always floating
here
the big fuel pump that goes forward
right okay can't put three or four
bodies in there maybe half a body about
140 horsepowers live you've dipped it
out yeah yeah just a little bit
high-level grassroots car this isn't a
professional competitive car but it
could be a pro-am car right professional
level right it's just a simple little
key it's like a skeleton key almost my
sister had a better key on her diary
I used to pick my sister's all the time
just wanted to show you all this
obviously a lot more to drifting than I
could ever imagine
so we do this here Werner Lando
obviously yeah that's where we live this
is Orlando speed world if you want to
check us out we're at what's W drifting
on Facebook okay you can find our
schedule there we have a website
oSIP trip calm where you have to go
schedule what's going on pretty much
anywhere in the country where you live
there's going to be grassroots drifting
yeah you just have to find it so if
you're into this and you want to see it
wherever you might be like check out on
Facebook like ask your friends are into
cars like that do they be drifting
around here because it's really exciting
it's really fun and it's a bunch of guys
camping out where it is this is probably
the most accessible motorsport for
someone who wants to get into okay a
motorsport and doing something on track
you can go buy a twenty five hundred
dollar car do a couple basic safety
modifications to make a drive a little
bit better yeah get out there on the
track and do what we were doing here
today right right right
so you guys gotta check all that stuff
it'll all be in the description because
it's pretty fascinating
we're all just like old like game Xers
just move right into this because it's
an extreme motor yeah that's actually
pretty good now like this look at this
parking brake that is a bungee cord on
the ebrake it comes in a pack of five I
didn't notice that speedometer I don't
know it's just about two bucks that's
how fast I was going he's going
that's so funny that's so cool remember
Taylor how long ago was that when we did
those Roman Adam Lally myself cold do
you remember what it was freezing no one
thought it was freezing so it's probably
about a year ago okay let's just do a
flashback and that was it
you're gonna find that cliff dude
actually they can fight it I'll pin it
and they'll find it every night because
you're my favorite thing on Twitter hey
guys you can play dude it's like this
video so this is one of those things
where I can't believe I actually got to
do another little thing on the bucket
list but check this out
my keys it
that means that is the first time this
year that I've been able to do that
that's how cold it is actually it's like
sixty degrees and I got a drive home
down so here we go for that I hope you
guys enjoyed that definitely kind of
have something different something new
that we've never done before
finding out where people rather first
things first high heat
find food third thing drive home that's
gonna be last everything else is more
important first at this point spark or
apparently our cat can parkour
yes you bark are by the way there's a
feather she's playing with
