he's still big freaky baby figure nope
right there right there
Coby show them out a son yeah you get in
the pool too okay no more jumping on
Marley I know that's your favorite game
what are you doing dude what are you
doing go you're 8 1 2 okay huh
we'll do that until he drowned so you
have to like stop him if you look in the
past CTFxC videos over the course of
seven years it's funny when he got fat
one time code was so fat he would try to
do it but would just stick on the top of
the water
he couldn't ever do it he's gotten
better he's a better shape now
so that's a good way to start the day
however I have to start the chemo again
it's always interesting they were sent
into this little cooler you think you're
getting something cool like fruit or
cookies but now begin poison delicious
lunch No
listen this is the champion right here
in this rain I need to do a glance and
see where I'm going as I start chemo
today I can't really run as hard as I've
been doing this past week so I wanted to
get one last good run in because I'm
kind of I've actually been digging it
I've been really feeling really good
about it and every time I take chemo it
always like drains my body and I don't
want to do that and then drain my body
even more so I'm trying to be a little
bit smart never mind that you guys are
in a plastic baggy so yes tacos
 starting to do all the condensation
which might be worse than the actual
freaking rain almost worked
I gotta find a trashcan it's walls gonna
have to chalk that up in the bad idea
pile
by the way guys if you guys are
following me on Twitter what you guys
should be I posted a poll for you guys
to vote and let me know your favorite
designs for a new item that we're gonna
be trying to release by summer
it's actually an item that you guys have
been asking for years since probably the
beginning of me on YouTube
I just have really never had the the
means or the way to know how to do it
and out it's kind of pushing me in the
right direction helping me a lot with it
but I want you guys a really helped
design the pattern so if you go to
Twitter so if you go to my Twitter
you'll see the poll go there vote and
let me know and then that way we'll have
it by summer I find it more fun when you
guys helped design the item do you guys
have any guesses on what it might be
alright I really have to turn this off
it needs to strike me I'm gonna run into
a bush start with I made it four miles
get ready high five we're doing it I
don't care what you say we're doing one
two three we have no cups everything's
packed up so since it's not just Ally
myself we rally and fill Oh get Melissa
and Phil we bought these the other day
so we're gonna have the cricket in larva
there's a larva of my bets like girls
there's just one larva pretty bugs yes
the hungry none yeah I really feel I can
already feel it coming out come on you
got this baby yeah
all these you'll eat an earthworm I'll
eat a worm my god it's a light one we're
getting your mouth they're moving
I assure you guys the crickets are dead
I don't want to eat it your best friends
no no oh my god no this is crap this is
going this is a future boys anymore
manager
Oh Ali that face it's weird what you
think that's weird but it's weird
no no I'm a vegetarian sir insects
aren't meat yeah are they I doubt
there's any form of meat in that insect
don't you chew it three
all right guys what's getting kind of
late and I have to start this stuff
again starts to take this right now
we'll watch a movie and then pass out
because it always makes me feel kind of
crappy gonna I don't care I'm gonna kick
your stuff as long as it's making me
feel better get rid of that brainslug in
my head
don't care if you guys are brand new
don't forget to click that little
subscribe button and hang out with us
every single day and on that note have a
good night
then we're gonna analyst
