and then there was a monsoon what are
you doin she loves the ring in a weird
way it's kind of peaceful i like it
gurgler p you know how i told you guys
felt like I can't keep a plant alive and
I watered it and I gave a proper son
that's one plan of mine there's my basil
plant but look there's my cactus he's
alive well because it's rain and there
he's here you goober what it is if they
get too much water they'll die but
they're already judged best way to wake
up today guys branch toast after Marley
toast there's still gloopy's can't get
rid of this we got a lot in the
office right now so we're not really
tied to moving really fast so we can
come back and forth a little by little
and get like computer stuff on the
guitar things are very fragile TVs we're
adopting this rule if we haven't used it
in three to five years we're donating it
that way when I'm moving junk from one
house to the next and take away things a
lot his hair timpano their burn this is
a prime example guys I have no idea
where we got these these yours
mama you see me too you're so
intelligent so tell you look like you
look like Ali no more know what okay
I'll take them off but babe I'm putting
glasses on dogs all right time to focus
Charles hey looks like a Wolverine got
to your your your pants so I'm now
remembering moving is freaking expensive
for a box is like five bucks just a box
there how is that what you have an ice
cream mama trippy your mom is that
really an ice cream maker does it why
are we not made ice cream mom why do not
remind me about this thing this is
icater mess with some people we turn
around braids around who likes braids
see I think it's the hottest thing
you're broken you look so pretty I'll
get back to work
what do you guys OE that's supposed to
have that enough to take that back don't
know how you got that all of course
Molly nice one not sure how you had that
one too you guys are sneaky imagine you
did it yeah guys just a little reminder
these are about twenty five dollars for
the oops I forgot Mother's Day sale be
it both of them Zoey and Marley for 25
bucks and their custom handmade because
people always wanted their own Zoe
Marley so I made a Zoe Marley for
everyone because they're mine but now
you last night drone going through some
stuff to pack up and I found these I
don't know if you guys are old enough to
remember these things they're like
Batman cups I don't want year with these
red McDonald's from 1995 give these
things have a quality like that anymore
but then the little sucker found that
was like I think when I was a kid 1989
that's ready I need your help bring the
hammock in ooh there you go transformers
1986 earlier better considering know
it's a drizzle tonight for the rain you
did how is like I feel face evil guess
what I hear the biggest pet peeve ever
okay it's not my biggest but one of us
is tough aware with not matching lids
like look at all this all these lids no
Tupperware go away do worth the work
figure plants are going swimming now
poor Zoe she's like hiding much as she
can stupid freaking lil ol I'm won't go
away hopefully the new house doesn't it
it's definitely lighting but so funny
because the new camera never has it only
the old one is this your new hiding spot
kodali make you a little tip sooo nice
tent now that the rain to stop I'm gonna
take the little twerps for a little golf
cart ride although diesel is not very
used to this girl's gotta show how to do
this let's go enjoy the rest of the day
that we have now the rain has stopped
the rain is gone we could see clearly
now what I said just a second ago
wrong one day perfect guys five say the
twelve these those new day games one
sorry I know digital zoom sucks so bad
my god that thing's huge asli if time to
leave this place when you see like a
14-foot alligator it is time to leave
everyone good everyone secure you
alligator we're leaving I don't want to
go closer says the guy who dies first in
every bad movie we're gonna keep going I
didn't listen my own advice I had to
show you guys I don't let you guys get
to see what an alligator's so I feel
like it's my duty to show you guys
basically a giant terrifying lizard
there it is okay I've seen enough time
leave let's just say I'm oh now he's
moving let's just say I'm so glad I
don't live on these houses I lost Nicole
whoo
we gotta go
ah ah
Oh taking you in the box
mr. dazzle you know I feel like me why
you should be like this Oh girls how's
Carl all right so here's the deal can't
make each other laugh can't smile this
makes my forehead look normal we're
gonna animals I don't know well where my
mom always said end up so great we're
here that's weird it doesn't pick up
dogs oh why smart why are you so smart
computer hey hey hey hey hey hey can you
hear me Zoe pretty stole the toy Sodor
that's not yours so as you can see i'm
showing out a photo booth for the first
time no I've seen it before no you
haven't happy would not do you think it
captures this doesn't make you have a
weird face we do this look son wait for
Ali right now she's gonna run and I'm
gonna scare the crap out of her
I knew it you did not do that they're
there all right let's totally crop
dusted you stop there running with you
though the eggs are like 14 and 5 14
feet longer so I wrote on you I keep up
with the exercise regimen of 30 minutes
a day still doing it and then Ali about
the devil into this house no but it's
okay can I prove it you can't say no to
pizza but here's the thing i'm just
going to limit myself to one slice I
don't think does it actually happened
all right do you think i would actually
beat kohli one day yeah push up suck man
my trade off a bunch of fruit and then I
can have deliciousness a slice is
probably cuz like this guy's we have no
more cups heavy plates as a problem
about moving is like the intermediate
time so just to make sure I don't just
fill up on pizza Ali cut up fresh
avocado and fruit even though I'm
probably ate the whole box hmm day two
in the box like I said so again thank
you guys for brand new don't forget I'm
glad you caught that again guys if you
guys are brand new click that little
subscribe button and that way you could
take this whole moving adventure with us
and maybe I want to put you guys to work
I don't know yes I'd say yeah all right
guys have a great night doodles kit off
nailed it moving in like a week or two
weeks
yeah surprise remove e sar√† morrow are
you okay you're so pissed off how you
like it are you laughing my lady just
pissed off
