good three o'clock in the afternoon
Internet today we clean if you can't
tell I've already started boxes clean
then we get a box because we're moving
in like a week for two weeks yeah
surprise movie so we gotta get the boxes
back up how does this even physically
possible
I literally just swept and I vacuumed
and I mopped and look there's already
freaking hair right there Zak from you
girls is that from you so this is one of
my favorite things about Charles it's
his fashion sense this is new guys um
actually for fall of 2015 he's a he's a
head of the Trent oh the Marty McFly you
know one gets that you're awesome yes
are we still all over the place March
your turn God they all have that same
face every time you start doing that
stuff
keep going bitch hey I hope all the moms
out there had a really good and
wonderful wonderful wonderful Mother's
Day we love you guys without you we
wouldn't be here unfortunately yesterday
char's mom couldn't do anything because
her cat moe hurt himself so you guys
keep your prayers out there for Moe and
for Marlene okay step one for moving
vine boxes so we just drove around
finding boxes so I'm sure you guys have
heard the song everywhere now funny
little story about Charlie puth he
actually made the first CTFxC theme song
like five or six years ago and it's so
proud so technically this is a CTFxC er
which is awesome got another dad joke
for you guys
why can't you run through a campground
even because it would be R and because
it's past tense because he's sleeping
dad's past him Catherine
haha it's really dumb you're dumb
everyone's listening but Marley yep so
movie day is coming soon and that means
packing the box
I don't know how I'm gonna do this how
am I gonna do this oh thank you for
bringing me an avocado
I might get hungry I so gotta move all
this stuff hey so that is my box you
cannot be on my box Oh
avocado sorry Ketchum Marley
it's very hard to catch a Marley unless
you have food then it's very easy
how you like it
are you could imagine that she's is
laughing oh you got a puppy kiss
I see why that's terrifying Marley yes
right there babe
cuz I don't want to pack I'm gonna make
her do it and I'm gonna make you guys
watch on the time-lapse Zoey careful
time-lapse time
we're going to pack up the election of
iPhones iPods right now first off I want
to show you guys this this is the first
vlogging camera back in 2009 when we
switched from the was it flip the
old-school shuffle okay that's not
that's not funny in itself what's funny
is hold that real quick there's we put
next to the iWatch or the Apple watch
the exact same thing it's crazy
that's a good bigger crazy isn't it yeah
hi
Ali Ali Ali Ali what you want nothing
it's bad Charles I'm playing well yes
yes what speak now that man or forever
hold your peace
this is a virtue item I did probably
seven years ago underwear doesn't think
it's time with a cook time for a quickie
with Charles Trippy oh my god there's
the little what sighs II know my slaw is
a small oh my god good try one uh-huh
while cleaning up I have to show you
guys this totally I have to show you
guys something
no PA all right so July 2nd 2005
suspense thriller my old band plays
their final show and I just show you
guys this
this was beep this is pre we the kings
this is what we the kings was broken
image so that's my old band right here
we're the Kings I thought that was
hilarious you know it's like one of
those things we're like you never know
where the world's gonna take you this
was like my final show as suspense
thriller for all I know my final show
playing music you know publicly and now
I'm in we the Kings which is broken
image which was opening for my band at
the time the world works in mysterious
ways
cheesy I know but it's true I mean 2005
that was that's 10 years ago that's when
I started YouTube actually this is
actually literally when I started
YouTube 10 years ago which is even
funnier
Charles do it Charles Charles Barkley
torch our banks Charizard chip indeed
char char come over here and we just do
one thing for me I'm gonna sing the song
and you do okay the whole thing okay
right girl you're twerking do it girl
you're drinkin you know you're twerking
so please keep twerking oh do it I'm
singing oh please keep twerk in it's a
lot of Brown this is just unbelievable
whoo drop it
no this is not to talk for the girls
this is so we were just in the other
room when we heard diesel crying and
this is why he was crying he was doing
bad stuff stuck in there it's like this
is why he likes women Marley get along
so well to get up you do bad stuff
together buddy
here you go back up how do you bring it
in there I don't know he probably went
like that was probably that probably hit
his shoulders what enclosed be a
controlled chaos so far I know people
always say you know exercising makes you
feel way better it really does keep them
up on the goal just thirty minutes a day
that's all you need just thirty minutes
I'm just walking around or just jogging
you feel completely different all right
Internet we're gonna go watch a movie
hope you enjoyed today's video and don't
forget to subscribe because a brand new
well nope no I skim milk they up my
leave jewelry floor
hope you guys enjoyed today's video by
the way we already know friend is
missing an eye we have to fix it you
lost he's winking right now cuz he lost
an eye I shut the door too hard and he
lost an eyeball alright guys we'll have
a great night and we will see you guys
tomorrow
doodles bye guys
Michael you spectacle vampire using keys
over here like should be I should be bad
having electric wait up
