you smell like Doritos so do you Kobe
and pose and pose and pose and pose I am
on my way to go meet up with a few of my
really great girlfriends I kind of spoke
about it briefly the other day but we
are going to the big guava music fest
which is in Tampa it's a two-day event
I'm not going birthdays I'm only going
today I'm really one inch hard to go
unfortunately he's just not all about
being in the Sun all day it's just not a
thing I don't blame them it's like 90
degrees outside I kind of think that
we're at I'm crazy for doing this but it
is something that we've been planning on
for awhile it's big lava that's right
all my favorite people so we're gonna go
all right go all right Kylie the
festival as you guys saw I didn't really
feel like it would be a good idea for me
to go in the Sun all day today so I told
her she should just go and just film it
for you guys and in the meantime I'm
just gonna hang out with the bitches
these are two of my most fabulous
girlfriends right back here hello and we
have a driver Mike I don't know I just
met him tonight driver Mike
Fiona Nisha not on our way to La Paz
super excited I'm ready
we are not doing right now
seriously we were stuck in talking for
so long
yes made it we have made it shitting in
the street I'm so beyond grossed out
right now I just flicked Marley's poop
into the woods and I got a little bit of
my fingers there used to be this thing
in Tampa like kind of like this low
running trail and there was a there was
a marathon going on and so he decided to
shit in the street and the marathon was
coming I felt so guilty I literally had
to pick up the shit in my hands and
throw it in the woods barehanded I did I
loved because I felt bad for the people
running I felt like I'm karma level went
up that day
Rose put my hands
considering how crappy yesterday was
actually I shouldn't say crappy of a day
it was crappy start of the day as the
day went it got cool in court and it was
kind of like one of those reminders as
it always is for me every time I have
one of these stupid seizures is that you
know things could always be worse you
know look gotta always look at the
brighter side cuz you know what I mean
like crappy things happen all the
freaking time but if you really think
about it anyway every single time a
crappy thing could you down how
miserable would you be
oh you look at little Houdini over here
hello Dini
this is harder so stupid like claw
machines just going to commit huh so
don't move your head oh to be so awesome
I get it it doesn't help when you come
over here mess with things got it you're
just like a claw machine
never seen them before
so we're super except like Anita have
you ever seen fashion head speaking
cloud machines oh by the way I got it
I used to work in a movie theater and I
my job was to recalibrate amongst other
things they had claw machines so if you
guys ever wondered what if those cloud
machines are rigged the answer is yes
what happens is the owner of the machine
is allowed the the clamps to be extra
pressured X amount of time so like every
20 times so he plays the claws are
actually stronger this is just like a
slot machine I always thought it was so
fucked up so I had a calibrated for
every three times somebody win and I
remember my boss being so confused as
why he had to refill the toys so often I
felt guilty I felt that's gonna messed
up because you're really messing with
kids most of the time or drunk adults
here's my luck guys I let Zoey Marley
off leash for literally 30 seconds like
you could probably count it maybe 35
seconds maybe I'm over-exaggerating all
of a sudden this old man came around
with a yipping dog one of those dogs are
just so annoying there's gpo pio pio
basically Marley came around with
another Marley and so that dog decided
to get a little bit rowdy and go a
little crazy and the guy decided to yell
at me he's like doc you can't have your
dogs off leash blah blah blah blah blah
I'm like I'm so sorry
you know they just let him up for three
seconds he's like that's the law you
can't do that and he's a butcher name
and I'm like Chris he's like what's your
last name
Hemsworth hoping that he googles Chris
Hemsworth and she store everywhere so
little things guys I don't care it was
funny I mean we laugh Tokyo Drift this
baby
that was not Tokyo drifting at all oh
there's a bird what was that a fast this
is like an adult playground it really is
I love it I talk to Charles earlier as
telling a news like
probably making fun of me at this very
point in time
what are you guys doing
for once in time oh no I just caught you
Marley you're actually being good you
just telling her shut up
exactly something that we all made so
much money for
the two of you suggests to you and he
literally gave us
so I'm still doing my goals I just met
my exercising goal I exercise for over
65 minutes today high-five
every time I run around I always smell
like you know those flowers those white
flowers I'll show you guys think they're
magnolias but they smell so freakin good
I don't have them on my yard but our
neighbors do so every time I Drive
around or run around I would smell them
sir oh I'm walking around smelling see
if we can find something to put up in my
house oh and by the way I'm a complete
idiot never got snapchat recorded video
when you're doing video like the sound
coming from your music so I accidentally
leaked three we're the King samples of
the new songs for 2015 I didn't believe
them because I was like fuck it whatever
so you're welcome guys can't wait for
you guys to hear that new album and get
back on the road believe me
there's so many memories on the pad here
one was there one was there another was
there another was right there oh and
then we're getting kicked out
are you done Carly wearing my pants
right now it's one of those tours I
always tell you guys it's one of those
tourists when you're on it you want to
get off of it and when you're off of it
you want to get back on it's a love-hate
relationship I love the contrast right
now I'm running around literally my
neighborhood trying to find like a plant
like a flower to put in the house and
Ellie's at a concert granted she asked
me to go I doesn't feel like going all
right my dear World Wide Web it's time
to go to bed well this for me you guys
might just be starting today that's
that's cool start your day have a great
day this is your first time watching the
videos you have to click subscribe we
will see you guys every single day at
Alice thing works I do these videos
every day so subscribe everyone else you
know the drill
love you guys have a great day doodles
cut jump the gun on that one
let's try again doodles biased sees the
two stroke things toodles then bye guys
I need to bring all those milkshakes to
the art babe
watch at the camera every time
it's all over place those with jumped up
dead
cannon how the cannon people
I'm the euphemism
are there
gazongas
