other things you appreciated that I
think is he's perfectly content they
your that's what states are going out
all right who's ready to meet our
exercising goal we're two for two this
week you especially little pudgy like a
little marshmallow man you need to get a
bigger head Marley you'll hardly reminds
me have you guys drove the video game
earthworm jim that's for some reason
every time I see Marley for some reason
she's reminds me of earthworm jim little
exercise regimen just I've been doing
pretty good last couple days
- the root beer I have an addiction guys
I'm sorry I'll get it I have a root beer
addiction he used to be a much worse it
was a lot worse I've started with a
patch the root beer patch this magic
there was a patch then you put on your
body and just puts a little bits of beer
or sarsaparilla on your body so I am out
trying to get a nice little walk in you
know cuz it's really pretty out and I'd
rather like be working out outside and
then being inside of it Jim I figured
come outside get a little bit of a tan
and a little exercise I have recently
discovered that my word choices for new
things that I see new experiences that I
have tend to be very limited I might
like to say that everything is so
amazing or awesome or beautiful and I
know that I need to extend my vocabulary
on that and I promise I'm gonna try and
do that I don't know when I think about
things that are awesome and amazing
beautiful those little words I just come
out of my mouth
I love taking the girls here because
everyone who comes here regularly now
knows Zoey and Marley little pup
laboratories I guess I'll speed demon so
I'm enjoying this beautiful day
you know herding dogs right now group
on.com if you have no idea what Groupon
is if you basically have been living
under a rock and internet rock I guess
everyone knows Groupon you guys know
Cooper on that one website where you get
like deals for super cheap
during Mother's Day which is coming up
guys don't mess up your mother is
important this Mother's Day they're
doing this whole Mother's Day shop where
they have like hundreds of items for the
mother in your life whether it be your
mother mother-in-law a friend's mother
like having it awkward every purchase
from the Mother's Day sale 25 cents goes
to the Children's Miracle Network which
donates money to children's hospitals
all over the country and and Canada if
you need a gift for Mother's Day if
you're kind of slacking you forgot about
it you're welcome for reminding you
click down there a link in the
description and click the little section
for the Mother's Day site not only will
you get something awesome for your
mother
but you'll also be helping out
children's hospitals and if your mom get
something cool for yourself you deserve
it so win-win
call me the blonde Rocky I'm so corny
it's gotten a little too hot everyone
who wants to take a break
alright so you ready to go home loose
women but this wouldn't literally stop
walking she didn't want to walk anymore
go go
they never realized that's a frickin
ledge and I just cleaned them yesterday
oh now you going in there Marley has yet
to Oprah man I don't really know if you
guys knew this about me I feel like I've
mentioned it before maybe you picked up
on it but I love music and I love going
to festivals I love going to concerts I
love checking out new bands I love
everything that has to do with it it's
just I would rather be able to hear than
to see any day it's just something when
I have happy days that's how it reflects
my mood I don't know I feel like so many
people can relate to that one of my good
girlfriends is coming into town this
weekend and we have this event going on
and a bunch of amazing bands learn be
playing there that I've been wanting to
see forever but if you guys have not yet
been to a concert or been to a festival
I definitely recommend it it's
exhausting but if you love music and you
love that band I say go for it
you know when are you gonna get that
chance again well when they come back
around on tour but you know I think that
especially now since I'm in my 20s
definitely definitely tried to have as
many experiences as possible because I
feel like one day I may not be able to
have this opportunity again so pretty
lights oh my god super excited to see
pretty lights I've never seen pretty
lights before so we definitely want to
see them Passion Pit come on come on
guys I don't know if char will be able
to make it because I know that being on
more tour I think he just gets a little
drained out from going to a little music
events or
anything that has to do with being out
in the Sun all day because that's all
that they do when they are in Warped
Tour so I was doing the dumbest thing
right now I was just imagining what it
looked like the banks and I thought that
if I used my fingers that it would
resemble what they look like and you
guys tell that I'm a little bit
delirious to make you feel uncomfortable
okay I'm done okay so there's the bird
but I think about when I was a little
kid I had as a kid
what we would do is we'd go to the beach
all the birds would be on the ground and
we'd run and we'd scare them off so it's
kind of like what Marley does now going
back to being an adult I'm on a mission
to find a sewing needle because I hate
to try to fix my ugly toe this right
here oh if I need to tooth brush stuff
you guys know how your girlfriends are
keeper when she's rocking out to refuse
sir can't figure out a stupid yellow
line if every time we get a branded
camera it's completely gone like two
weeks into the camera's life don't worry
we're gonna put this chicken over here
I'm gonna put this chicken here and then
we're gonna do all right my mouth then
we got barbecue sauce and then we got
Marley making sure nothing falls what do
you got over there buddy what do you
think well you got there bud I'm pretty
positive that had a plant on it did you
plant over I let me hear this not
anymore bye-bye basil that's so cute
though we're walking up like this I
seriously can we hug this here's a
little tip for you guys if you want the
jars from the candles what you do is you
put it in the freezer and then it should
pop right out what you missed is the
first one popped out second one doesn't
want to pop out his name is all right so
we'll fix my ugly toe oh my god I can't
believe you know when your name washer -
we should sanitize it's not that bad
your feet smell terrible honey no they
don't
yeah will you please just five your toes
off I don't I'm pretty positive you're
capable of doing that bark I don't think
it's gonna it's like dried-up blood what
am I really gonna do this I can do it
this right here you want to do it no I
just here put it right here guys so
creepy I don't know why I'm so intrigued
by the disgusting mess that you're doing
- what are you doing I'm trying to get
the skin guys I would I would seriously
show you this right now but it's really
awkward and I can't stop staring look a
little closer suddenly pop down
seriously yeah so crazy wait what is
that - Tom okay
is everyone okay Oh crazy what coffee
I'm not
put your phone my face I'm not stupid
put your face so much pressure it's
pushing down on me it's pushing down on
you it's on the floor so much pressure
you told me ice cream and please keep
this blood out underneath me so much
pressure honey I just don't did you
stick far in there the reason being is
that uh your toenail will fall off it's
already gonna follow you know but I
wouldn't dig too much in there to let it
grow a little bit I'd rather fall off
and that way to get a new now that's
ferocious yeah but right here ya don't
have to put the camera on it to see it
yeah look with your eyeballs and you
don't lose that needle would you like me
to sing you a song no did you only know
- hey hey what do you think put those
little things away all right guys on
this note I want to say good night I
hope you guys enjoyed today's video
don't forget to subscribe if you guys
are brand new and we will see you guys
tomorrow as always
you need to make sure you don't get a no
no you guys make sure you gotta go make
sure you don't get a tan you like the
tan line okay your tan line
now go away
you like
are you really gonna take any bomb
