ah do I sit do I stand may v be with you
guys come on little Jedi she's kidding
Joey it's a silly toy Marley just
doesn't give them a half yeah
you literally spoke Marlene she doesn't
care well so stubborn Marley is come on
little Luke we're done really look on
the ground
she said the voices not me so it's Cinco
de Mayo which means the greatest holiday
for me
the non-drinker that's Cinco DeMayo
dance salsa I just learned how to do it
at the last show he's to go I did I can
salsa now this girl this dude they
taught me they taught me how to salsa
that show the thing is I can't shake my
hips I don't know how to shake my hips
these hips do like I don't know how to
do them just be careful it lives in
there watch out everyone hanging out
does she know what to play anymore then
we're playing trying to jump up on here
it doesn't so that I laid down from
outside and since then she tried to jump
up here my now Harley she goes over
there I let your thought to be back we
got two little divas over here your diva
look at this one she's the only one in
the pool not like miserably hot you know
pull afloat oh now you're both are just
chillin you can share come on get there
I'll sit down on her face sit on her
face I have to say the trend of like
fluorescent bikinis it's definitely a
good trend fun you need to make sure you
don't get a Charles no no you have to
make sure you got to make sure you don't
get a tan you like the tan line look at
that you have a tan line
now go away oh that's so smart I like
him you like tan lines
weird
how do you know I know it's guys things
are usually gonna take it ease off
that's how much was this well $12 I know
it's a Roxy that's kind of impressive
Ali's keys she's very good at bargain
shopping you're very good at it like
right up there that's we need to put it
yes we're trying to fix my ugly toe
remember you guys before a show I
actually kicked my toe
you're very toes I could braid them okay
freedom freedom kappa b i think that
secretive mile is kicking in right now i
know what have money would that be if i
put little beads on your toes that would
be pretty funny got it let's do this may
the Cinco DeMayo be with you
got some lazy dogs over here big ol
Pratap now everyone's happy she has her
own little seat everyone's comfortable
my girls I keep looking up and so he's
likely rain to the Sun just squinting
constantly he said help Zoe well wear my
glasses put your glasses back on you
don't want to be bring your oh those are
in your ear balls run the cat up you
don't want to be cool look how cool you
are when you're like that so much cooler
look how cool you look your cool dog
and we're squinting and I check it out
you're so cool now okay I think they
want to spot that bed Marley come get
your spot
didn't you take your spot no she can
take mine I'm totally gonna get Zoey
right now she's just lounging right and
I'm gonna be annoying yeah
all right we'll try a little social
experiment guys okay be honest guys did
you hold your breath that entire time be
honest
ally lost sheep Marley
can you please get off Maura come on
can't be on there
Marley I'm trying a little harder get
off please
have a conversation with her maybe
she'll understand Howl's get on
bodyguards whoa there he goes
so in the pool in the pool good girl
char Charles you know what I said about
chairs in the pool yeah I just told you
you won't it does not look yeah yeah
yeah this is a good thing about this is
if there's any spiders on him after dead
use that tail Marley after being the
pool dogs musket bath and let me tell ya
what she's excited it smells so great oh
she's like seriously why's is happening
I don't understand I told you I was
gonna try and swim for now I don't wanna
swim anymore now you have just blowing
bubbles all over me I really don't like
it though she sounds like yeah oh boy oh
boy oh boy and I was always in it hey
Lamar a new dance oh all right
try not to be a doofus this time I like
it cuz Marley stands up for herself now
no she liked it was funny she had a
really angry girl she's like just
kidding
well I didn't quite beat my goal of
everything
four miles not too bad I come back and
some I can't be it
Ali made the Miss Mexican fiesta how
many calories they burn so here's the
good news though I burned like 500
calories and his root beer only has 150
whoo score and Ali has all IQs hot sauce
so good guys so Ali and I are watching a
movie called black hat I have a soft
spot for like hacker movies just like
Ali has a soft spot for like horror
movies or scary movies hacker movies are
like this they're so goofy I think it's
because like all the animation they do
to symbolize what the computer is doing
the best hacker movie of all time is
called wargames with Matthew Broderick
it's like a 1980s movie the best one
second best would be hackers with
Angelina Jolie when I want watermelon
take the cash
I don't have time for you
I'm too busy starring up please
trees get out of my face okay what's
that okay so this is the fountain but
Ernest Hemmingway his favorite bar was
closing okay and it was like I kissed so
much money down this toilet I'm going to
take it with me you're kidding
the urinal from his favorite bar which
was the original sloppy joes bar a
little private Lagoon in the backyard is
when you go pack
I know Lindsay and we're breaking the
law
yep there you go
