I woke up super early take my medication
I promise I was not going to do this but
fuck it may the fourth be with you guys
suzay about the sleeping past 6am right
now and I have to get on an airplane
feels like I want a lot out so good
morning Lindsey and I came like a rough
corner to this little local top it's
really cute kind of Queen yay Lindsey
right now is getting her blog up and I
am doing some females and you're going
to go explore a little bit of mine i
left the screen door open so the girls
can just go hang out I look at this two
peas in a pod just chillin outside
enjoying the Sun you're just talking
about you just saw these two girls like
on a scooter and they're kind of like
struggling we're very shaky very stringy
we're just talking about how it kind of
will give anybody a scooter they make
you ride around a like parking lot once
and i got luckier pro pinterest thing
out she saw these scooters videos and
this guy had like a GoPro and his hat
and out of the corner you could just see
this like little asian lady like
freaking out about to crash into him and
then Mitchell she does like this like
legs out
oh yeah I'm actually really glad that we
did not ran scooters this weekend
because I think would have been really
really bad especially with the group
girls over here with yeah well you'll
see right here I probably would have
been the worst scooter driver ever I'm a
much better Walker that's good no I'm so
good at I'm so good at walking I got
this down well most the time you get it
sometime Wow gonzo check out fast car
reef jakari they're native to this area
so I guess this is a fish fund you put
the money up right there and then it
slides down into the little bucket right
there you smart man you whoever built
this car we was things girlfriend in a
long freakin time where is he where's
girlfriend we gotta go for a run you get
some exercise back in if seriously found
my candy shop I like me a lil our pods
us so right now I'm trying to figure out
which ones that I want I don't know what
imma get I might have to get a few kind
of mad about this take my favorite thing
about all of these like to pertussis and
marinades is the name of them yeah
fighting cock good tool farts barbecue
sauce who's gonna drive be made
Hemingway house kind of excited because
that's the one things that i do want to
see you at the casting six toes when i
run with the girls it's like double the
work cuz i have to keep going backwards
trying to get them double the run to be
honest I was Felix is a tool checking my
phone with the Apple watch the one good
thing about this thing is that it really
motivates me to work out and exercise
because its head like a video game keeps
all your stats and your scores come on
Marla we gotta go you just don't like to
leave without Zoe alright well wait for
a second if I can't find Marley she's
always right by Zoe while there's the
annoying sister but she loved Zoe
so incredible so beautiful everything
about it in all of his books oh my god
is real she's so pretty you seem like
have a little bit of history tax receive
nowadays nobody wants to think of the
show that or say anything that has to do
with taxes Oh shh don't tell dr. Zoe
still even know Zoe come on oh do you
never notice these trees are so weird
that was completely fall this one's do
like some weird arts thing Molly refuses
to use as a bridge trolls gonna eat you
next time so you ready go swimming so my
dream has always been to have a
wraparound porch on house so I guess
it's the closest I'll ever get is
walking on one here we are walking all
the way around this house play out any
but I want to go ped all the cat
breaking the law hi buddy oh my gosh
this is so cute i'm not a huge cat
person but i will say they're looking
kind of cute right now kind of cute Oh
what's the cat cemetery for a moment of
meowing gonna kill long hair hi kitty
royal pieces so so any pride I want to
try an experiment I'm just gonna open
this and see what happens do it he loves
their pool that's definitely the first
thing that we need to do when we move is
to put a pool in the house that in the
house let me fucking cool too though a
little cat I don't have time for you I'm
too busy staring at leaves and trees get
out of my face okay what's this ok so
this it's a fountain but Ernest
Hemingway his favorite bar was closing
ok apparently and he was like I've
pissed so much money down this toilet
I'm gonna take it with me so you're
kidding this is the urinal from his
favorite bar which was the original
sloppy joes bar your own little private
lagoon in the backyard like when you go
pet pet I know Lindsay and we're
breaking the law yep there you go put me
down there I swear to god I'll never get
and by by Hemingway house thanks for
letting me touch all your pads as you
just found this the warts burn you want
to know why I feel like I shouldn't be
touching it remember ferns be safe
you're probably eating bugs do during
the cleaning so I'm just like listening
some audiobooks wait for a league at
home enjoying this beautiful freaking
the weather you guys obviously can't
feel it through the computer but just
trust me just trust me it's beautiful in
Florida right now audible com is a
sponsored the CTFxC and I've been for a
while we've been doing this like CTFxC
book club audio book club last month we
did escape from alcatraz I believe it
was and it was a little bit more serious
because it was like historical this
month or this time I wanted to do like
something a little goofier more satire
so thanks to one you guys in the twister
for recommending this it's called you
might be a zombie and other bad news
shocking but utterly true facts and I've
been listening to it for a probably
about I don't know about an hour right
now kind of grossing me out but it's
freakin hilarious so this is it guys so
if you go to audible com so CTFxC search
for this download it for free then let
me know what you guys think and just I
want to apologize in advance that these
facts are kind of crazy I've been kind
of like cringing and laughing at the
same time and actually if you guys want
to suggest any other audible books tell
me in the comments and I'll let everyone
know but like I said if you go to
audible com set CTFxC you get a 30-day
trial you get a free audiobook and
that's what I'm suggesting for this
month so go check it out guys you might
be a zombie and other bad news shocking
but utterly true facts and as always I
want to say thank you to audible.com for
sponsoring the CTFxC and giving this
opportunity give you three books
everyone so go check it out guys
audible.com slash CTFxC very fresh
coconut water just for these little
keeps see if I can find them so cute
loving key was
oh my God look at all the babies and I
want those palm trees in those plants
yeah Lucy just wants an orca that'll
grow in a tree I just wanted to work it
that like I might work is that like take
care of like their children and then
there's one just growing out of a palm
tree hair like Lindsay was just talking
about how she just purchased her
beautiful new home and keys and oh shit
there's fine we got a lease out there it
is a brown stuff around a porch exactly
what I wanted watch this guy's when
Marley's not wearing her collar it makes
your head look super tiny you have a
pinhead hurry pinheads go inside
that what's up there
turbot
I think you should use this one there's
nothing like a butt blaster on this
little place so got me like smells
amazing but I am happy so you remember
that whole thing I'm tell me what I was
like a video game check it out two days
in a row here you guys ready BAM that
one two three so close I'm standing in
my sleep tonight girls Allie Saum yep
she's huh what get up and say huh she
comes to me attack the secretive gaining
girl's heart pizza mmm watch out
father's been eyeing all day I love hot
sauce yeah so I got some good hot sauces
but I got you something really cool now
when I got green lava but that's not
what I'm excited about the peanut butter
all organic hot peanut butter sounds
crazy but it's so freaking good awesome
thank you baby you know I got me llego
is okay yeah turn it on apparently my
girlfriend is never ever ever seen Star
Wars
what is that called a saver Oh saber I
come on over I already homered its own a
minute I ran over Ken yeah go away from
me yeah he ate my pizza gonna fall away
I'm gonna get protected the galaxy guys
our internet well now Ali's back home
she's asleep so I will see you guys
later doodles some southern this house
and then the line to take a picture and
I am
screech ah
what's after you come around we're here
