Ali had this great idea my sister has
been wanting a bike for the longest time
but you had probably know my sister she
cannot make a decision ever so we
thought it'd be kind of fun to surprise
her with a bike possibly dressed as
Santa Claus a little bit early
he's gotta find a Santa suit though find
one you think they have a Santa so this
is what she needs is that the one you
were looking at it's got the back but
then there's this one thing I think she
would like that
got that nice little quickie sound I
really liked that and it's got a little
back bar which is what she wanted
I like the tires they have your butt was
good in those jeans damn can I get your
number
that one's kind of cold got to get a big
big old one I think what was it a couple
years ago we surprised Melissa with a
giant trampoline
we got a top it now with the boys it's
hard to talk about I think that's a
that's a pretty good one I like that
diesel Zoe Marley all have one right
little Rika one could be a cat toy so
it's gonna be
let's get lit it might fit you versus me
you might have to be sand on my head's
too big for that stuff you got a beard
right you got the beard that could be
funny it looks like you just I mean it
kind of works but that's part of the
suit think that honestly kind of does
don't run into people or do whatever you
prefer
and it firstly doesn't wait for me crap
we have to run now because hey Siri when
it's sunset 5:30 and it's 5:05 and we
don't know where Melissa since right now
we have to kind of run hi guys
alright so you have to get your Santa
suit on I gotta find the GoPros oh crap
I'm gonna disrupt Rika and make her all
crazy like your pants I got the GoPros
did mom give you the edibles I like
calling of edibles it's more fun that
way did you get your edible you need a
40 of them yeah you little Stoney
baloney and ready for the reveal oh my
god you're gonna fall so bad on that
bike
alright we gotta go there she is
that's gonna be a merry freaking
Christmas - militia oh those cookies
injury
oh my god my mom's gonna be so proud of
me I am Linda coma Santa coming your way
this Christmas just rip it there we go
okay so we are now running on fumes I
think we can get this
this is cracking me up everyone driving
by is is lapping their ass off you're
gonna hide the cameras now and hope
Finley doesn't give us away
actually I will to put all these guys
just so creepy
things like diesel super good morning
you people cameras so I'm waiting for
Melissa to come outside so I can drive
up on it and show her her awesome
Christmas gift from none other than
Santa I'm just waiting for the text
hopefully it comes very soon
come on get out the door get off the
door shut the door then Ben you might
want you bring him in though I don't
have matching spa wait what's that like
that coming down the street
naughty Lister's you're not this girl oh
this is the story that you're going to
yeah this is yours
that's yours that's earth will you
please tell your it's not a hickey I
promise it's a burn oh I've done Santos
done nothing it's time to always curse
himself hickeys oh I'm gonna wear this
out tonight anywhere we go
I have to park over there and that had
to like army crawl on hydrogen I
couldn't get her see I had to shove her
out the door popped up everywhere you
shoulda saw me getting that one I
thought every crawl and hide so Finley
wouldn't see me we're so worried about
the Sun - so you're just gonna have to
put a basket on Audio is falling
so gamma lately oh ho ho Merry Christmas
hey ho we got a bike now you can be a
part of the biker gang here she comes
my job here is done
nice bed so you like it joke's on you
were taking it back mrs. Claus I'm
coming home later he's not gonna know
what to do with himself I'm making the
mouth like no with the Apple watch you
know Santa and the one that's what he
wanted for Christmas so one strand of
blonde hair
so how surprised were you were you
terrified I was literally army crawling
right there the window I think got air
across the window and I'm like you're
crazy I almost opened the door cuz I
have to open the door sometime to make
him yeah who would have ruined it again
Finley is a good runner right Sam
probably traveling foot he's either
gonna be scared or be like
I know it is now he's like I got it I
know who do you think he knows it's you
well successful we did it Julie's gonna
knock you on your ass this Anna why does
Santa have that accent your hat fell off
again that's way funnier that you were
Santa and that me yeah she does she
doesn't like hold back I think the
neighbor kids are coming to say hi to
Santa getting character babe he's a trip
all over himself he's like so cautious I
know it's my mom
Aly is no longer Santa feel like Ali was
the best Santa I didn't totally
awareness
are you guys are gonna like one day he's
just gonna wiggle alone and being the
same a super dick we did a lot of
exercising today so we're celebrating by
stuffing our face leaves up carbs I
meant to film this earlier but we got
into it a little too soon I blame you
too well guys I truly hope today was an
awesome day to watch Ali as Santa is
probably the greatest thing in the world
I think it was really good because I
think we really surprised most that
she's been wanting a bike for the
longest time so it's kind of fun you
know to be able to do that the way we
did it thank you guys so much for
watching please don't forget to
subscribe and send this video to all
your friends and family that want to
left the alley in a in a Santa suit
maybe she maybe I'll get her to wear it
more often
no it's creepy it's like Bad Santa let's
get as many likes as we possibly can and
if it hits a certain number I don't know
what number we should make it
Ali has to wear it out walking around to
Target and stuff like that for an entire
day 200,000 by tomorrow night and I'll
wear it around like serve use juice okay
can we do it it's it's good it's gonna
be tough I will I will wear our entire
day thank you so now you have to send it
to everyone so challenge I hope we can
make it that's YouTube if you're
watching future the hell out of this
video I'm tired I gotta edit now I have
to go edit you guys right now so I can
go to bed I will see you tomorrow have a
great night and Rico wants a bike there
you go oh you wanna watch The Simpsons
okay
that's correct she says goodnight
