good morning Internet I know how we're
doing at the Travis and I are the only
ones up right now is how I supposed to
feel your honor really what's up about
the miss our flight so we don't stress
like a Rhode Island any longer otherwise
we survived they survived you girls are
impressive kalyan did you have fun did
you have fun that's what weekend is
coming to an end Lindsay and I are gonna
go now stay at a different place just
for the night then back to reality good
learning project welcome you to Atlanta
pleasure means he did with your seatbelt
securely fastened it's getting to a
point was not even funny that we're at
the Atlanta Airport anymore
haha the Atlanta Airport thing is not
even funny anymore I don't think we have
any more shows until the end of May
maybe June and Alaska knows stuff of
that so this is currently what Lindsey
and I are doing is this having a few
drinks sitting by the pool uploading
getting things done and enjoying our
last day in the keys so much fun I don't
know the how the girls did three days or
i should say three nights of this
because last night oh my gosh it just
rated me absolutely drained me just like
the southern miss beech yeah well
there's two like more houses
so the southernmost house and then the
line to take a picture and I am gonna
get away tell you no way we'll be back
but oh yeah I end up here moving
dominance by everybody screech at what's
after you come around here Sean I said
the bird
did I sneak in the house should I sneak
in I guess nothing ah I snuck in no one
forced down yeah so put everything under
the cushion what what I know who they're
what can I possibly be saying i am just
want the attention okay now i feel bad
we got a very young key lime pie in us
and so exciting so delicious I mean so
we're staying at this like really cute
little better assist I just love it
because girls left and we just
stay another night I know I say I love
everything I love everything but it's so
very cute all their theaters are really
like cold so much character and Marilyn
every single movie theater need to have
Marilyn what's that is kind of cool it's
loved it and glazed doughnuts oh my god
glazed doughnuts he had a good old he
kind of reminds me of the guy we just
saw oh my god she looked drunk guy we
just saw yeah oh yes big booties right
there I think that's a but there it is
so this is I think the Museum of Art Sam
whatever wants give me anything well now
I have to edit because I was trying that
on the plane and I completely failed so
you have the right idea right there yeah
your consumer they're gonna keep my feet
warm look a little half a swag eat your
own bed how crazy is that right now is
not to window words I wish was talented
but firstly I'm the observer yeah I have
to watch
all right scoot over scoot over for
doing this and what about you all right
wanna sleep well i'll see you guys in a
cheesy start way who wants to say how i
woke up your shouldn't be embarrassed
you did don't punch her there's no need
to punch her you're kind of rude you're
kind of rude right yes so Lindsay took
me to the thundering Tammy matuszak yeah
and Linda's patch of beach but it's just
perfect brings you got it's not talking
like that really rough trip yeah just
cuz you put me a reverse doesn't mean
you can get off the car get here
oh it's like I'm singing I'm you song
one I get mental focus this is what kind
of sucks about the college shows cause I
kind of wish like they were just two
days are longer sometimes because
traveling one day playing the show the
travelling back just like i've ruined to
raise I'm just like I sleep through two
days as you say so this giant bear
behind you and only wants to do with
Edith dog names Joey zero given
one hi to hai three hi uh thousand cool
points whoever know that where thats
from here that ok decals are coming out
I don't know why everything in Florida
is associated with dinosaurs to me
florida australia everything just wants
to kill you i think i went to try to
find joy in marla's millet i'm going to
try to put them on a holistic diet like
Tyson and I got a letter in the mail
from the area where I live saying my
sprinkler system was going off randomly
it wasn't going on at all and now it's
going on too much see I can program
things but I can't forget how to do this
stuff which is hope there is domestic
life everyone together everybody say
over here
simple and wildly intrigued wild hmm
sandwiches today's one of those days run
pretty much catching up like four days
and like behind and just kind of
relaxing kind of hot enough I think I'm
still on Mexico time right now you're so
good specific time my body is completely
hating me right now so I'm gonna kind of
watch some documentaries on netflix i
know i like documentaries okay i'm a
nerd and you see the boy you must have
lost look at all i'm russell in a young
have you seen my show yet this is the
boy look we run into sup go to say it
anyways hey guys and click hide and he
recognized us earlier when we were
hanging out with our guy that was the
broadway musical broadway yes like it's
going on I wouldn't say I'm the star of
this problem
yeah older brother younger brother right
all right guys I would go to bed I swear
my eyes are open I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video don't forget to subscribe
you to right now and I was about it yeah
there's one some broccoli where is this
asparagus Ali comes home tomorrow with
some super stoked because we haven't
really been able just to be able to just
relax and that because lately I've been
having all these shows so I hope you
guys enjoyed today's video don't forget
to subscribe his way in New and go check
out the year 6 montage if you haven't
seen it already and love you guys
Oh
bill
