hello internet and welcome to year seven
so as you can see I'm with Ali's mom my
mom and we're meeting up with my dad and
Melissa and as you can see I'm at the
airport
why you ask good morning guys welcome to
the CTFxC
there is that brother I haven't this
something there's something about Mary
going on with my head that's for me my
mom's like you got something in your
hair that cake so charge uh stuffers
them something from Mote Marine
basically in regards to Ted Ted is now
officially named Ted as far as this
Airport answer look Ted the pop you've
adopted him well I have to share with a
couple million people
yeah thirty years though well things
might have other baby puppies somewhere
he's happy motoring
they like Charles CTFxC actually have
you dumped it says I'm pretty cool it
mixes all because of Megan's who are
really really hard it's another great
thank you
you did it has only just begun
yes it just keeps spitting it out he's
teasing all the little baby come on tag
nobody's coming round he runs his dog he
runs the tag he runs the tank it shows a
present avatar oh I feel like it's gotta
be one of these
oh my gosh it's like being the president
oh oh that's so perfect that's what the
vs. is because I put the certificate so
they had to bring security and
everything we had a nice little group
that came thank you she's in charge of
the airport my brain actually put this
all together Charles are now trying to
get this first certificate
sorry the certificate of adoption put in
there it's official I own the fish we
just found out he's eight years old is
the whole myth like true like if they
pop off you're kind of pushing down when
you pull them out of the water and they
in play play there and they inflate
underwater okay and they can push it
back yeah
I don't think we ever have either yeah
actually not great for their bodies to
pump up I would have anything that looks
a lot of pressure on her
and there's spikes on them yeah you're
famous now time ago somebody actually
put a name tag that says Ted you can see
that do you see that little residue of
tape there mom
no no somebody actually one day I came I
landed on there that said Ted and then
the next day I guess the airport ripped
it off but that's it the tape residues
when somebody did it yeah friend they're
out
that bro
he's over it so hands down that is
probably one of the coolest ways to
start unique ways to start you the seven
coming back down
that bro
and then so cute look at okay oh he's
Chauvelin what'd he say mom
Oh
never
all right
good have a little celebratory dinner
now at lunch I should say Ally telling
her mom about what happened in Mexico
and her mom's like I know I watched your
stuff
oh go say hi so you guys remember when i
pre-ordered the new MacBooks in hopes
that there were gonna be faster and
cooler actually take them back right now
there's no SD card slot or no USB slot
and any of them just kind of makes this
thing completely $300 $17,000
which is insane it's like your purse so
we figured this would be kind of fun to
do
Danny told us several times to come
check this out I've always wanted to do
that real bald guy drive to golf carts
around maybe that's what I should do in
between tours I'll just drive a golf
cart around picking up two golf balls
since we can't play real golf we have
these giant holes
you got this I don't know what to tell
you
just hit it harder next time now you got
a point
the comment below is alligator winter am
I gonna win
firefire one why are you playing so
terribly I'm like kicking your ass your
plans we're playing a game Oh guys the
round one went to me I'm gonna risk you
guys
Oh
you're only that much off I've been on
the redline the probe shot is the white
one not the red one
for where to go to so once I really tore
one that's where I've been trying to hit
so bad I stopped it's not my game
it's not my game I'm a basketball player
not a golfer
Charles has 128 points and I have 26
remember the tip is where the ball is
going to go see watch your hips
oh that's so bad I've never seen
somebody tears in my life
round three me rally approach on how it
can approach shot designer I heard that
if you have the lower scoring love you
actually
it's very true actually start off round
three good sopressata pickled peppers I
got the chance again keep crushing it
Ali wants a good feeling about getting a
pro shot get a pro shop in oh I got the
yellow that'll work all right guys round
for our me I'm actually figuring it out
that I'm actually doing a lot better
with girls club I don't know what it is
got a yellow alleys in the lead right
now
she got better so today May 1st is the
first day of year 7 of the CTFxC in the
daily videos and not missing a day with
the CTFxC I'm actually right now looking
at the Guinness world record and that
thing alone is amazing I remember as a
kid I remember as a kid going through
the Guinness World Record and being like
I want to be in that I never knew how I
was gonna get in it but I just wanted to
be in a Guinness World Record
I know a lot of people on Twitter we're
kind of saying congratulations to me and
I just want to say congratulations to
you guys for watching these videos for
sticking through all the ups and downs
of life with me I mean there's been a
tremendous amount of crazy stuff that's
happened in the past 7 years well being
able to have the privilege of going back
and watching my life documented on the
internet and just seeing you know
sharing and commenting with you guys and
the drive their mark let's just have a
break to see what Marley's doing what
are you doing and I honestly don't want
to sit here and take all the credit
because honestly it's been a tremendous
amount of work for myself and my family
and my friends to help maintain the
CTFxC I say this a lot of times like
when I'm speaking on panels YouTube is
like one of the best dreams I never knew
I had
zowie though say thank you hey thank you
mom alright Internet Wow go to bed now
Ali's gonna wake up at 3:00 a.m. she's
going to Key West I have to wake up at
6:00 a.m. get on another plane go to
Rhode Island even though we were there
last weekend and I just want to say
thank you once again for amazing amazing
here if you haven't seen the year 6
montage click up there and it's not
clicking there's a little eye up there
and if that's not there links down there
in the description so make sure to go
check that out guys and I hope you guys
enjoy please go over there and tell me
your favorite moment of your 6 alright
do you love them I love that very much
yeah you know you love them yeah bye
guys
beautiful day super fly superfine all
those hair look shaggy dogs okay
you're learning
