well I sing some blues with me hi are
you in just in the best mood I really am
I just had one of the most amazing trips
of my life yeah
truly I can't even tell you how blessed
I feel to be at a point in my life where
I'm able to take trip a trip if anything
but a trip like that and you know be
surrounded by such good people not only
just like friends and family but whole
mindset on life and the way that they
live life they're just so happy and I
don't know it was just kind of one of
those life-changing experiences and I
just loved it it was so beautiful I
can't stop thinking about how beautiful
was here's a random question have you
guys ever just you know needed a pair of
scissors but then you open up what's
quote-unquote your junk drawer and it
looks like this and then you realize you
have those random shit ever
for example that's just actually got
helpful don't know what this is digging
it out don't eat it
the one thing neither was Caesar's all
the rubber bands from the watermelon
thing girls what's the thing with me my
baby girl gone
I really like the blues I stubbed my toe
don't know which way to go
you're the good singers I know now check
out after I got organized they just got
that whoo high five so now I can sing
the blues whatever I want with Zoe and
cut something if I need to so time to
get a haircut I looked in the mirror and
I realized how long my hair was getting
all at all sides and tomorrow being year
7 the beginning of year 7 I needed to
look nice and presentable because
there's a nice surprise happening and I
don't want to tell you guys until it
actually happens tomorrow it's a
surprise to me till recently
okay you guys ready this is before and
ready 3 2 1 star wipe
why Vegas my eyes wrinkles
you look like Roberts Melia Robert De
Niro I bet you could do a good Robert De
Niro scenario
Robert De Niro do his face I don't know
how to do just do what the fishes did
that's a very strange Sun in your face
look at this beautiful babe better stop
at that stop sign Alto Alto Alto sir you
don't have my version of stop would be
listen to me no good fits bigger they
make it mad at the hand I'll make a stop
on super fly fly super fine superfine
got all those hair look like shaggy dogs
Cocteau no way you're learning so I was
going through my backpack and cleaning
things out and I found 20 pounds this
last time I was in England I haven't
clue actually gosh I don't even know
that was a long time ago last year yeah
Wow hey do you go good
you could lose yours the radar is up do
you have Wi-Fi I do buy all the way well
you're looking like a stud muffin oh no
Sarah Maris on you the other day
somebody sent me a picture you guys
remember when Marley fell off the golf
cart you ain't grant after a squirrel
your head to feel a little bit better
cheese red white and blue Marley the
broken
no squirrels worth jumping off now one
thing I want to make sure when I have
kids is that they're not afraid of dogs
cuz I hate when like you know you're
walking your dog like every time I walk
so a Marley they're always like this
because they're goofballs you don't I
mean I feel like what it is is like what
you've instill that fear as a child as a
parent you know that goat they grew up
and they're scared of dogs you know I
mean this is actually coming from
something
I was actually bit by a dog no joke
right there that close to my balls and
I'm not afraid of dogs
I get the caution come on so any day
a lot of fret and then at Florida
Waterfront equally beautiful look both
ways wrong these are the Florida lizards
mexico's lizards - way cooler really
that's like three seconds cooldown mode
go in Zoey I want the entire day without
opening up the Apple watch yet so I'm
gonna eat dinner I'll he's made an
awesome dinner then
nice little unboxing mmm deliciously
healthy nope
here we go so we got this plastic
container then we get all this designed
by Apple in California stuff just how
charges alright see what this baby looks
like oh of course there's a pull tab
right there if I'm an idiot
there we go surprisingly cool I figured
just a watch would be kind of stupid but
show up and take my money Apple just in
case you don't know how to put on a
watch Apple make sure here's the thing
I've heard that people putting on the
wrist with tattoos that it hasn't been
working my Junior right it's kind of
funny never won a wristwatch in years
having a little bit less time along one
there we go
have a watch hey nose turns guy on how
does it turn on I don't know if it's
supposed to go right over my left so I
guess the good news is by having on my
left is that I'm not gonna do that whole
thing apparently tattoos are supposedly
goofing it up the sensor so I guess it's
a good thing that I have no sleep on my
left arm powered on right typical Apple
logo so once it boots up its gonna ask
for your language English well that
stinks I'm gonna go hang out at the pool
hang out hot tub time all the things
installing I'm gonna go in the hot tub
keep an eye out done sinking I guess it
just goes through the whole app store
grabs pretty much applications that are
actually compatible so I guess these are
all your favorites so you can scroll
through it it's my dad my mom so again
you could tap on the person they call
and I guess it calls from your phone
hi I can hear you through a watch you
can't hear me at all alright hung up on
ya but it's kind of cool especially when
on the road you know get it on the Delta
app you got uber on here can you find
your phone yeah I don't know so what do
you guys think the Apple watch is it a
flop or is it pretty cool
you think it's rad tacular she's a sick
she's just saying that cuz she wants
this one because it's green wouldn't a
watch I will have to give shut up your
mouth microphone hey I'm talking and
it's going to text lols stop it and then
it does this thing you send it as a text
message or an audio so if you guys are
actually curious on how this thing works
you don't necessarily have to have like
a satellite signal for just this thing
just what it does is uses your your
iPhone as a relay and then sends
everything actually Internet when I
asked you do you think they completely
kind of dropped the ball with the whole
situation about being called the Apple
watch I think they should have just
called it the eye watch like every
single thing that they have is I
something the Apple watch no I watch
sounds a lot cooler I think so too
so I don't know which side do you think
if you're right-handed do you put on the
right wrist or do you put on your left
oh got a phone call I'm like Inspector
Gadget
you're creeping up you just push this
little button apparently this entire
thing right out or is it like a clip
thing see just let's light up that place
on your phone super cool see right now
I'm just moving the watch on or moving
the phone around which is super cool
it's super cool look at you you're so
high tech no tomorrow is the big day
you're seven is starting but right now I
uploaded a montage that another CTFxC R
actually made so write up this video you
can click and check out the video it's
right here on the screen I'll put it in
the description as well so your 7:00
tomorrow holy shit I'm sure we're gonna
have a nice reminiscing moment tomorrow
a sappy moment I'm sure anyway I hope
you guys enjoyed today's video and
please don't forget to subscribe
especially if you guys are brand new
because we've been doing this almost a
decade which is freaking crazy
have a great night guys see you tomorrow
I hate when the plane
like the air conditioning and it's like
smoke for the system condensation first
I'll call that a great day
