so you guys remember I ate that freaking
hot dog coming in handy right now we're
gonna swim in dolphins with the ocean in
the ocean there you'll trap a dolphin
your hot dog just bought you a doll
Thank You Danny we think this is our
taxi we just got in this random van
drive us somewhere apparently thanks to
her I don't know what just happened the
guy just dropped us off and just drove
away it's like you come back to pick us
up right you guys know what this happen
it's not an adventure traveling overseas
unless you get lost with a group never
get lost by yourself I think we found
the right place now
so that was probably the coolest thing
ever the Wi-Fi boys cannot have a
concert here so we just got done with
the swimming with the dolphins and it
was amazing we had so much fun and the
pictures are even better but now yeah
this little lizard guy hunter that lives
like underneath we didn't have any video
was because the animals and they are
they are the coolest place the animal
that we were on was beside and he was a
rescue animal I rescued dolphin but they
get a ton of open space and it's just
beautiful watch oh all right
there he is what are you doing that
daisy dukes
it's all wet so everything's riding up
that's a completely duck and then it's
like a Mexican snowman
you're like a lizard you're like Pancho
why just absorbing all the sudden you
need a heat rock music go on
things are getting pretty freaking so
since we weren't able to do any video
from the dolphin thing we got a bunch of
photos and they didn't have any thumb
drives and I don't know what computer is
I just wandered off from this random
computer don't think I'm suppose to be
doing it right gonna do it it's all
Spanish two things it's the Spanish and
it's Windows I haven't been on a Windows
computer in probably three years it
feels like so I think I'm doing
everything right work with us I mean
with dolphins was awesome giraffes
trying to keep his Jordans all clean Oh
show us your iguana run there we go mmm
pizza I know where Mexico you know way
to Mexico order pizza
oh my god any of it ma'am do you draw
fennec Mexican food
now one thing for the Mexican food I
don't know why I'm so fascinated by and
then here they're like and then just
just imagine how big an actual dinosaur
a little bit
Coppertone
it'll be full for weeks is this like
feeding the seagulls in Mexico or trav
and a bunch of Sun what I'm hanging out
like the rest of you guys think Baywatch
even though I see one right here I'm not
gonna not gonna do it not gonna do it
okay I will do it
just cuz that is gonna play with them
all right now I promise no more losing
no see it's right there hey there sir
Pangaea
critics up there do you not understand
the concept of trust fall babe casually
sitting up Ali is protecting and saving
all the snails you feel bad for them
close up his little house
except this little house tonight touch
it because this is why you're touching
he's so cute so char is purposely
drowning Travis right now there he goes
drowning trav on his birthday happy
birthday like that actually
that's a feel char you know oh he's
alive jam your friend down with a poking
stick blocking down to take some
beautiful pictures on her last name Cabo
amazing congratulations everybody forgot
about happy engagement guys Craig came
fight doll you and a whole brand the
sauce
perfect well I'm doing I hate this place
t-bob together you in a coma two shrimp
just you not Josh so today was a
momentous occasion congratulations
where's your fiance head back to the
states tomorrow morning
Travon I've been gone since tour yeah
crazy gonna be great to go see the girls
like whoa
oh my god Yolo Yolo once hope you guys
enjoyed today's video
swimming with dolphins all that fun
stuff I will see you guys tomorrow as
always have a great night
why is that oh that's very inappropriate
once I get out the mouth there oh no
guys bye from Mexico guys we're all
sitting here the game they're a little
crazy but that was pretty awesome
