good morning Internet so today is an
interesting day because we are going to
Cabo Cabo San Lucas I was a cable Kaiba
keep we'll go to cabo wherever you ha
well yeah we're going to Cabo for a
child's birthday first we didn't know
how to get the the rental car so we just
left the rental car at the hotel who's
gonna call enterprise be like hey we
just didn't return the car we rented
from you if you wanted to right here
trav left his phone in the shuttle and
then I don't have my passport right now
ally has issues flying to meet me in
Atlanta but apparently have to get it to
get to Atlanta and then we're eating
ally in Atlanta and then us three are
flying to Mexico which would be really
funny the first you've been the avenjet
where ya bow before I was saying Lucas
is my favorite spot so my wife Ginny
hooked the whole thing up and she called
all my friends not me knowing and I
found out a couple days ago that were
you gonna call it no I'm freaking stoked
snacks is causing problems over there
well take it easy
hot dogs maybe we could use a hundred
dollars that I won and buy another hot
dog
so I got a flirty thing for the GoPro
make sure we don't lose it while we're
in Cabo and I got Ally a new pillow they
finally took them out the sad day Wow
Mexico even a snake skinny on cactus for
the record eating a snake and
contemplating a rattlesnake I never
realized how badass the Mexican flag is
yeah like oh so we decided next over
there relax me before we got another
plan Pam we've been on like 15 planes
like five days yeah hey guys
big big giant red head yeah look who's
here guys me and him I can't believe hit
a hot dog off the ground
hundred bucks babe
with Cabo
and I don't know that is
we're here for Travis's surprise
birthday surprise there's like literally
oh look at you think you look better
than all of us on we get ahead we get
off the road for like six days retired
so we just landed got outside the
airport and never seen that there's a
bar literally right there the second you
get out of the airport
so all these were just chilling waiting
for people and drink it interesting
the mean mug your purple was a little
bit prettier let's lead the way Josh I'm
just gonna follow you this is amazing I
mean it could be a little cooler right
Oh have fun look at the towels towels
don't do that
Oh got it
go for bud all your cameras actually you
guys one of those I'm really stupid if
you guys ever noticed when you're in
water for a long time you get all pruney
and stuff like that
the reason why this happens is so you
can naturally grip things it's like an
evolutionary thing it's just we haven't
lost it yet it's like so you can grip
things in the water and now you know go
baby go
I like looking on your butt what you
gotta hurry faster Ted I'm so sorry
Mexican Ted poor guy
I am so genuinely loved about the
Blowfish right now I tried to bury him
did you actually find is alive
hey crabby see you must evil grab it ya
know just exploded
you get some waves right there pally
phones the little hermit crabs Larry and
Jerry it's actually the first time I
think I told you guys this is the first
time I've ever been to Mexico and this
is absolutely important and this is
absolutely gorgeous this is the craziest
part if you look carefully see how the
rocks are formed this is water over time
running it over it
they're like little passageways my pants
are completely wet
now this bathing suit is completely dry
thank you following that Oh perfect I'll
get pinkeye every time I present my face
poop turd that's it the canister right
stick your finger in the crab all that
deliciousness I'm just gonna take that
thank you
I'm just gonna take that one too yeah
you have a good sir babe he's got like
hidden talent that nobody knew about
Danny you like feeling crappy about it
and then shark him he's so competitive
hence why I have a hundred dollars in my
pocket
look how beautiful that is that too but
mainly the sky hey is the best way
saying I almost always wins
look at this comfy comfy bed I'm gonna
end the vlog and then fall asleep
cuz I'm exhausted because now we're on
the west coast in my body thinks I'm on
the East Coast it's one of those things
were it's all confusing anyway so I
really hope you guys enjoyed today's
video we're here for another few days so
don't forget to subscribe so you can
make sure to watch all that awesome
stuff and if you enjoy today's video
don't forget to click little thumbs up
button right there lets us know that you
guys enjoyed today's video and if you
guys didn't know there's a little I
button there with a little secret links
and we will see you guys tomorrow as
always have a great night
oh my gosh oh my god
city street as a wall at the wall gutter
yeah any regret that any chewy dirt any
hair
hate the whole thing I'm doing it out oh
my god okay Kelly
what's on the end of it right there
that's it Oh oh my gosh
oh my god you have the fish you don't
get it dude oh my gosh slow quick slow
fingernail grease oh my gosh don't do it
for nothing
oh my god we're gonna eat that
