good morning Internet so Ben and I drew
the small straw today and we have to go
to Buffalo early when I say early it's
not 4:00 in the morning it's not 2:00 in
the morning it's 9:00 in the morning so
good morning are you driving oh my god
you said not early it's still early I
figured I'll do a little GoPro
time-lapse is there a black box guys
this is our black that's pretty much our
little black box one frame of us daddy
can you say good morning can you say can
you say good morning Charleston I have
something coming up - I can't wait for
you guys to see I'm so excited it's just
we've both been working so hard like we
can't we can't wait to take this little
thing that we're gonna be doing on soon
so not really doing you many details but
you might not soon enough you'll find
out soon enough
but now I'm gonna go do some yard work
plant some plants and hopefully they
won't die it's a new fun game u-haul can
you wave the opposite way
and this is so yeah
it's a fun game try
oh yeah oh yeah
I dropped you guys this water can't have
nice things Charles I try the skin and
I'm not gonna drop you so I've been
keeping up with the runs during two
miles a day trying to do a little bit
more but it is like honestly I think
it's like 89 or 90 degrees out today so
if you can't tell him like beet-red I
have been getting done everything that I
need to get done
plus I'm working on other projects which
I've been able to get that or work done
on that as well good feeling I'm like
really proud of myself I'm sorry I'm
kind of like
fluffing myself up and making myself
something really good but I'm just super
proud super proud so this is the only
thing keeping me safe feel like I'm just
gonna focus my focus on you guys if I
get dizzy so instead talk to you guys
the whole friggin time
that was fun
like all the entire time I'm upside down
that's only thing keeping me safe that's
it
things go in girl the light blue or girl
in the blue blue ten bucks
oh yeah I got ten bucks of the girl on
the right oh I think that ten dollars
later I think I want to go with the
underdog sale huh don't see I win
because I was seeing I was completely
cheating that's jealousy that was just a
straight push that were 80 miles away I
promise to God that we are here you know
we just we pretty much win around like a
pin just come outside and like wave your
arms in the middle of the street you can
you see me wave your arms where there's
no spots over it's like a wave
your hands out I'll see you stand in the
spot or something alright I'm pulling
around you I don't know there's like two
sides of the festival now you walk all
over the parking lot do we park like an
hour ago everybody's first drum set is
this coming
chattering mmm
that's Gary how these riots gonna get
built so quickly in dismantles so
quickly he's massive holy cow look if
you guys I would put my hand up towards
him but I don't want to scare him but
he's like literally he's probably about
the size of my hand maybe a little bit
smaller to the stage hot dogs that used
to be the gusting how do I see that
hundred bucks to eat that I will give it
to you you'll do a hundred bucks no get
on how's it grosser before okay I'll
watch this yeah finish it oh my gosh oh
my gosh oh my gosh
Siri that's a wall that's a raw gutter
yo any regrets yeah any chewy dirt any
hair ate the whole thing I'm doing it
out you have to finish it you don't get
it dude oh my god oh my god we're gonna
we're gonna meet that end people work on
it
yeah that's the grossest part no no I
know Joe amazed that you're doing this
right now oh my god we don't care that
we're late for 600 hundred dollars
easily oh my gosh are you Wow Wow
I love to try that I can literally bar
that with my welcome walk on stage I
mean hot dog vendors yeah have a good
show chuckles water so mana and
wherefores I hate hot dogs
I think I once thrown up the word Wow
the hot dog used to produce parts
closest partners okay I'm actually your
eyes are watering
that's the grossest thing I've ever seen
you do
so Danny being good is word there you go
I'm not gonna be able to buy a dog from
this month you are a man of integrity
and Wow
daddy's a man of his word
I know I like dysentery now all right so
you guys remember it was a buffer fest
right Lee came and he thought it was a
cake right why'd you bring a cake over
the fort
mm videos oh is it 2000s video that's
right see I'm losing my mind but this is
Lee she came I know somebody shot their
finger off wait there's no bottom part
to it it's gonna hurt coming down just
get ready okay definitely
anti-climatic right there what yeah if
you put something down first
OD or something how Sheree thank you for
the dollars hey thank you for the
entertainment please subscribe
hey we got it we gotta let everybody
know we just ate assuming hotels the
past week we just got off the second
floor the thing that we're still sailor
and week we don't fully know where
anyway guys so tomorrow we are actually
being able Ali and we are actually going
to be stuck flying to Cabo they're
saying like cobble or cave oh yes Cabo
San Lucas and that's in Mexico which is
interesting cause I've never ever been
to go so it's gonna be a nice vacation
so make sure to subscribe because this
would be a bunch of awesome hopefully go
throw footage hey it's not your birthday
anymore
it is extravaganza your birthday you are
yeah I will see you guys just proving
yeah we cannot dance right now meeting
freaking pictures this is where the
children
don't plug it off children don't walk
