come on guys so this is how we're going
to start our day I'll show you actually
kind of careful you guys remember I
don't know if you remember hopefully you
saw the video we went to harvest honey
for the very first time with all the
honeybees I just heard this walls
uploading the video it's not exactly a
honeybee it's one of those things are
called mud dobbers there is right there
so Oh God look that Stan I don't want to
kill it them and I like that type of
person okay you know you little thing
not gonna lie these things terrify the
crap out of me
gotcha now I gotta say to you didn't
really think this through just in case I
get bit or something just can't really
get bit you find something big enough
and I'll have anything there's a peace
table good standing paper
oh man I'm an idiot
sometimes I just don't think it out you
go go out the door is it going hi
garrison sometimes he does not think
when there's a crisis but he's free and
I didn't get hurt and if you didn't see
the honeybee harvest it would be like
was it my girl Macaulay Culkin and then
this is the brood the larvae went once
they get a few days old they cap them
over this worked perfectly
I couldn't even plan something like this
to let you guys know about that video
all right
by the way guys this one say thank you
so much for letting me rant yesterday I
feel so much better you know new day new
whatever you know like new morning new
day I don't know what I was trying to
say how's that saying what's that saying
another day okay that works too I just
kind of needed that every once in a
while so thank you for that right Mar oh
you just wanted to go outside now you
want to go back in it's been getting
cold or what what's the temperature it's
like 70 77 right now this morning it was
60 something that I was 57 degrees this
morning and last night it was the same
and Zoey I don't know if you guys
remember every time it gets cold so he
gets this burst of energy out of nowhere
she starts flipping out and just running
everywhere that's gonna start doing that
and I think Ali and I are planning to do
a road trip again thanks Mara really
pretty she ate that well yeah we're
planning on doing a road trip this
either December or January we want to go
see snow again like we did last time the
dogs like just so much Ali liked it so
much and that cabin hopefully we can
find another cool one she found like a
tree house which I think it might be a
little too cold but it's an option
trying to find something cool I think
like the hostages that exist out there
just so amazing
I think northern Georgia like the
northern Georgia Mountains would just be
beautiful we did it one road chef and
then I ran lever it was that road trip
was like birthday and then we went
whitewater rafting and I ran over a car
in an army tank I washed the car now
guys
wasn't a bad day and I was actually just
driving down the road and we saw an RV
tag and we're like no it's just stop
there's a little tourist route probably
best one I've ever been to if she wants
to go back out you jerk make up your
damn mind we got one for diesel and we
got one for Zoey Marley getting Zoey
Marley in here is like the hardest thing
because obviously Zoey's hips and
obviously they're like 40 pounds always
like 40 or 50 pounds i Diesel's probably
like 60 pounds right getting them into
this little cart is kind of a tough
thing so I was thinking what we need to
do is kind of like cut it right here and
then do those like like like these
things right here on your shoes and then
putting them here and then you can tie
them like that way we can this will flop
up more you can put them in there you
can close it you can tie it all up
it would be safer you don't think so no
I don't think it's gonna work the way
you're thinking it's gonna work it's my
concern so after much deliberation and
showing Charles that Ellie smarter than
me
I'm not smarter than him but that the
back door might be small on this thing
but it's still something that come on Jo
Marley gets right in there she's good
come on girl there you go
come on in hey what's up everybody
welcome to my crib he's smarter smarter
than I just didn't want us to cut it all
up and then it just I was just a pain in
the butt no I know he's proved me wrong
we just got to make sure that this is
like stabilizers where we are the dogs
getting in there we need to put that on
your bike - we will Ally's mom said that
this pet shops in this area has like CBD
oil for dogs
Mazzilli all that close dos is open
they're open so we're looking for a new
collar for diesel and I bumped into this
and scared the crap out of me thought it
was real if this thing moves I'm to be
freaked out
it's fine some of these dog things oh by
the way fun little story yesterday I
gave max some snacks for Jessie his dog
and there were the cookies that Ali made
a hint it was so funny I was like game
domes like hey she suggests me is like
what is it okay cause dog treats Halle
man he was is it good and like
immediately he knew that I already tried
it cuz I was able to say no it's not
very good for humans and then I look up
he's already eaten
but my point is that that some dog food
looks more delicious than some human
food so we just did a drug deal for dogs
now I'm just kidding it's a sounds funny
if I said ok you can the vehicle and it
had products for dogs like natural
products basically Hampel islands like
their joints anxiety things of that sort
now all of our dogs have all of this and
obviously we don't want them to have any
type of discomfort especially since
they're older so I think things are
affecting them so much more anyways we
went into this place which was amazing
because my stuff is like natural organic
we got this stuff and we got them some
edibles we called it a bite Alec you've
called Atomos thank you but this is
amazing just what I kept thinking back
was like the biggest thing I think oh so
we is we legate for one of these super
15 and went for a walk
yeah for this because it's like 1 or 2
drops
I take CBD oil I don't know if I've ever
said that it helps with you know this
and seizures and things like that so now
they have it for dogs with joints and
stuff like that so it's that's
definitely a step in the right direction
I think but the lady was saying she had
she described her dog she was awesome
she just got her dog doing the exact
same thing like bowlegged and doing the
shakes the little stanky leg that Zoey
does like we have the way so a dropper
whatever it's worth a shot
we're gonna do anything that we can to
make them feel better as llama rific
wait this is yeah this is where we got
all the other sweaters also this is the
place where I got my robot where I build
my robot so naturally I want to build
another robot it's 50%
buy one get one 50% hell yeah I'll build
a bunch of robots nothing beats my
little robot brush so was this third
thing as a kid or connects I don't know
if your own oh that wasn't connected it
was the ones would had the screws and
the metal pieces how I do remember is
called I think as a rector said that's
what it was an erector set I freaking
love those things and it was like the
adult version because you had screws and
like screwdrivers and stuff things that
you could hurt yourself on but there was
so much cooler than connects well what I
was trying to say is I just love
building things
Kanaka things I could never be an
engineer but it's still fun I got a toy
I'm a build smart robot well it was that
are the solar one but the solar one
retarded light obviously and son and I'm
Macklin pocket has done put the Sun
still up and I'm impatient we can make
your own bikini
we get to move your shaky are you
nervous
you bring me I even made it like more
anatomically correct bigger than sound
like you're saying a name just sounds
muffled yeah I know that's how small it
is kind of matches all your plaid what
Rainier has like plaid
he's like a lumberjack reindeer yeah
indie hipster Ranger hipster reindeer oh
man I might be doing this all wrong I
want to get bottle rockets those would
be fun look at this one is a giant
pencil I love doing these things there
was so much fun as a kid I think like
years ago for my birthday buying myself
one of those things I think was in
Tallahassee so it had to been like five
years ago or something like that
come on that's the proof he does not
like that
that's hey he's pissed off already you
get a drop her girl over here won't
figure out a way we can have one and a
half no I would just do one for right
now you want one is this supposed to
help with like their joints yeah she
likes it of course tell me below
we got the CBD oil which is what a lot
of it was like oh my god you're getting
your dog high no not really
we're just getting something that's it's
organic and all-natural and something
that's gonna hopefully help them for a
little Zoey I'm sure you guys have seen
it maybe you have her do you have her
tail cotton there
we're trying all these different things
to try and help them out and especially
this little one so Ali and I are
currently doing a you now live show with
everybody let me just show you all our
friends hang out hi everyone say
everyone say hi waiting for the hey hi
ha ha hi I think there's all the icons
my favorite thing so what we're trying
to do
hopefully Ali and I will talk about and
this is for you guys too
we're gonna try to do a live show every
Wednesday that's that's the game plan
hopefully we can stick to it but just to
let you guys know to every Wednesday
around 7:30 or 8 p.m. Eastern thank you
we'll let you guys know all that fun
stuff so that's what we're gonna plan on
doing we're doing it right now so also
I'm gonna be doing something with them
right now and I'll film it with you guys
and you guys are gonna get the see
behind the scenes so what we're gonna do
is so I was gonna get a little confusing
but what we're doing is we're doing a
live show but what I want to do with you
guys and you guys is that we're going to
build a robot hopefully that is the game
plan is that we're going to try to build
this robot last time we build a robot it
was this little guy I don't know if we
didn't do it live but we did this little
guy and he was quite stupid he just did
this guy stuff pretty much all he did
he's kind of cool my first robot we're
gonna see if this works this right here
is the parts this you got this we got
this and we got this wait do I need a
screwdriver I probably need instructions
if this is okay see look oh my god
number one please read all the
instructions before you start adult
supervision and assistants are required
at all times I'm reading instructions
already Jesus Christ these are the
instructions
is smoking
I'll be working there
apparently it's a new toy Internet we
did it all of us together how do you
guys feel about that was it worth the
wait
it only took two and a half hours I know
if I seemed a little bit less job while
vlogging over my robot he's super smart
well guys I finally finished the thing
it took too long I hope you enjoyed
today's video please don't forget to
subscribe as always
this thing's annoying is hell I'm gonna
build more of these I'll see you guys
tomorrow good night
