no but I wanted to ask you for a favor
our buddies in 21 and I've always wanted
to get them on those fake little wings
is your women can send one of those like
what I know sure
she just likes to make you see those
like if in that all right so we're gonna
get Duncan some wings thank you okay
so Danny and I are playing more my
favorite games ever I think it might be
this guy
oh they want to play I don't know if
it's too early to mess with Danny I'll
try my best but I bug you all the way
back in one seat hahahahaha I'm used to
live on that cuz that's gonna be awesome
I just blacked out that right hand right
foot yeah this blame you get a good look
at this plane we're gonna get that will
shut that going on my way to the post
office and then getting some plans for
the house and then I'm doing the podcast
later always my sister's birthday so
happy birthday Kaitlyn but can't wait to
see you Duncan saw little note is
expressed
sitting there and we got this real
inspirational message from someone finds
both out front that a plane with the
rainbow in a pot of gold I thought it
was a penis I don't know what that looks
like snacks brings a hammock wherever he
goes to find a long dress for my little
but hoping impress on you soon
off to get some plan so I'm working
through 10 then there's like so many
things life like this is amazing only
wish I was that talented to plant all
these but I'm definitely not
unfortunately half the stuff that I'm
looking for
trying to improvise so many pretty
flowers you nobody's in a whole bunch of
Mexican this dog sees you punk-ass bitch
kitty all right come on through really
go oh my god take chases watch how he
chills by holding his hand on his bill
and so Texas they're like a like a big
goal of the slurpee hahahaha to the
stage I never lean years thought that
the day would come when I guess I look
forward to planning plants and cleaning
the house and buying a new you know do
dishes and a new vacuum things like that
but it is kind of fun so apparently they
have is awesomely clean water a little
river please this awesome you can
see right to the bottom this is awesome
you're gonna start here we're gonna end
up way down there in a second so what
we're gonna do is I have my GoPro thank
God and we are gonna go swimming dude
you're the best part no alligators now
there are alligators that in Texas are
just in the form of turtles they're
reptiles
that's some shrinkage the catch catch
some oh when I was at home depot i came
across this like really really cool
thing i'm so excited to show you guys
look at it it's like coolest cactus I've
ever seen I don't know if you guys can
see I'm trying to focus it focus on the
cactus I'm super excited hopefully this
isn't a plant that I'm gonna kill but
yay look you know how like sometimes
when or like that experiment that you
would do when you were younger and like
elementary school or they would take
like the daisies are the carnations and
they would stick them into like a
colored water and then then the desi
would turn that color I don't know if
this is kind of the same way that they
do that with this cactus anyways I think
it's around it's the coolest thing in
the world I'm kind of obsessed it's song
to buy into that
the party
it's scary but that's a bunch of fishing
in the plan so we're at Melissa and I'm
taking the dogs out real quick I'm gonna
go feed them and Melissa and Phil and
jeans and I are all gonna do the podcast
happiest dogs around no come on Marley
are you ready to go you hungry ready for
dinner so that by far is the best
pre-show so I just got to show you this
is jose and he got me some galaxy socks
by the way he's the guy who played the
hook on die young you know dude that
play right you got a night every day
this is a guy who played it getting
ready to go onstage I actually genuinely
feels so good right now my skin chilled
off is it is it will miss Murphy to sail
skin feels great yes like what is she
real killer will take your skin I like
your
Oh Felix fair skin
from
I feel like it just like baseball we get
pizza never asked I always find pieces
like after baseball practice you go to
Pizza Hut so because all the bananas
I've messed with trav he's putting
bubble gum is the puller sutter home
waitin
stop standing my powerade all right guys
we have I tried my best we couldn't get
it we're trying to switch to a ten
o'clock in the morning flight but no go
so we all have to wake up at six note we
have to wake up like 55 eat in this blue
yeah this is a bad that we're trying to
figure out how we get back oh wait I
remember this we won't buy that I
remember where yeah yeah I know real
well guys if I I see you guys tomorrow I
mean don't get like that was too dark i
don't want without that one yeah cuz he
feeding his foot and then we're home for
a couple days I think Alaska this last
isn't gin we're home for a long time hey
I'm show me sick it's all good that's it
I don't even know we just gotta get off
we've got to go home and then sleep
alright guys hope you enjoyed today's
video make sure wish trav a happy
birthday in the comments don't forget to
subscribe because a brand-new and have a
great night doodles
sideline is low
