she's thinking thing guys would be here
alarmed so I'm going home tonight I
believe it like 10 or 11 in the morning
and then I leave tomorrow morning
the Rhode Island oil pipeline game grab
any one of those is a yellow blue
that's like it's that early okay okay
try that now taste it I use the fun part
try any other color
No so that blue doubt that days just
like the orange we all the same right
we're really really excited because I
got upgraded but then he got really
really bummed because
set a video camera hi video camera
7:43 am pleased to meet you do seat
belts fastened come on dad yeah every
single day three years now right you
literally just got off a plane first
thing I do give blood we we came back
from North Carolina then to Rhode Island
and then
I see one one with crazy eyes shake
you'd be good
you could go fatty number two and behind
out of the door number three a
sleepyhead
where I'm going to be right now can't be
sleeping all day finally figured it out
where Marley's are back like this
I'm going to enjoy this 12 hours that I
have do you own something asshole how do
you do that I was looking right at you
since we were going so quick the airport
knows us they actually let us leave our
equipment there because they know it so
well cuz we're coming in and how so much
I can't tell if it's worse that the TSA
people know you or a random flight
attendants know you get hey everyone
needs to break need a break so you put
the camera down your mouth
so he's got like a long tongue mother's
got like a spoon tongue that's all she
wanted is one delay in the pool is
everyone just chilling in the pool now
have some fine swim in their Mahr that's
some fine swimming you'll get to the
Olympics in no time barley
like Baloo can kick this cave I made
sure your phone wasn't in there I texted
your phone you know it's funny when you
go underwater and your legs come up you
look like a seal your butt looks like a
seal you get a seal but what do you
abuse well over there any guesses of
what may have happened Gil Marty go
always have electronics on your person
you know watch Marley
I always wonder if Marley's using hers
tail as a as a paddle watch Marley's
tail I know we've done this a million
times was this so funny I think she
actually uses it as another paddle first
things first getting home have to fix
the stupid sprinkler system because the
grass is starting to die because it's
getting hotter and hotter and this is
what's kind of funny okay so think about
the Egyptian time you know irrigation
you don't have to do aqueducts nowadays
I literally hit a button for right and
then you over here and this magical
piece comes out technology so Melissa
and Allie and my mom I think are going
to a fashion a fashion show today and
look at Allie looking all snazzy it's
the creepiest thing in the world girls
do this
what do you got on your head you silly
girl you got my underwear on your head
did Ali do that
yeah look at everyone all dressing up
he's so cute baby you say yeah what
about me
no one's complimenting me okay this is
called three days no shower
and she's gone all right give me a model
strut be fun you're not fun okay so we
came to that it's a musical fashion show
The Mamas in the back Mama's in the back
Oh see what cute
so as you can see Ali went to that
fashion thing with Melissa supercilious
oh she was gonna do that like months ago
so I told her she should still go and do
that cuz I figured it'd be kind of fun
so right now I'm just babysitting or
puppy-sitting
she's brown here
thing
what is what is it now oh well that was
my first DeSoto which was very
interesting it was actually really neat
the girls had beautiful little girls
that were out there to kind of giving
them you know that first little wind of
whether or not they want to do this when
they get older but it was pretty neat
and it was neat to see what Melissa
always talks about I think I'm so far
away from ever being of princess or
queen that would never be my thing but
it was definitely fun to be a part of it
and see it char Polly would have loved
it
my name is Kali and I make big there's a
huge amount of people I guess that are
in that deciding factor so paint realize
how big these things are I'm like I said
this is my first time ever going to
something like this and never ever did I
actually give this extreme look we saw
Marty oh she's in her bed
have to leave tomorrow do another model
pose yeah all right Internet well I
gotta finish packing up right now
because I leave tomorrow morning for
like thing like five college shows and
then the surprise trip out overseas I'm
still not gonna tell you yet so I will
see you guys tomorrow as always I hope
you guys enjoy today's video bye guys
