do you ever sleep
oh hey bud
what are you doing
I'll switch it up the camera
so today I'm making sure I do not get
the video of way I'm sneer working my
favorite favorite workspace the red
chairs bends over there eating his
cereal observing it's all done and I'm
so pumped your sunglasses look like you
can shoot lasers out of them all right
go to the game
going to asheville north carolina it's
beautiful it's one of those small plans
literally the front and they
JJ back there Sundell back there
somewhere it was like literally wanting
it does
well as most dramatic dispenser ever and
the emergency is now an empty where's
the devil emergency ever sleep I don't
have to sleep in the lobby I literally
just woke up to the many calls and Koli
and Hunter call in the hotel room police
finally here hey jammers God he pushes
fight back the perfect amount of time
I wish you were when we put him in the
back it was lonely great day the perfect
i replied
we're desperately looking for Carolina
barbecue all right a BBQ but arrows
point is gay okay if you could always
change it up though and just have a say
like bring back queen and then in your
mouth stick it outside the box someone
get out try all right apparently got to
the smokehouse it says opening soon
you guys are obviously not open right
hey babe and what see what I mean look
at this tater fries mmm BBQ or I could
see you you're drinking a starbucks hey
it's shoutouts I didn't answer your
facetime call earlier I'll call you back
with Charles isn't around she's like
five jokes behind right now for the
delay is so bad so the alcoholics is the
van pretty much left Kolton ice pack
fire stuff for literally okay we're
literally in the back two corners of the
seat how it goes guys who's the shit
first hard get the traditional docket
hey you know where with a wheely king
show is excuse me do you know where the
parking lot is yummy imma get this we're
all agree here is coming from stratas
it's girl don't scare don't be I hope
she puts her fist through the window
he loved us oh he's gone asshole he's
gone sorry and I'm going to my peace and
tranquility over here on the right side
yeah I can't even look out the windows
its foes on anything dine friends I you
get out of the middle oh my god oh god
don't do that don't don't fucking dick
Spiegel don't you kiss that take us at
this ah you shut that fucking job oh
I'll get easy slide back oh I this is
not the right way this is how not to get
invited back hi hi
ah parking lot see I feel right no you
find a parking spot source in their
sleep in my clothes my head on the
ground and then decided to show me this
little trick you tilt the chair I Gerald
knock a chair over then you get a pillow
oh that's genius dude is room for two we
can make it suck it but there's that
really well we would have to be real
close we're really just they got a room
for 11 and a half she's gonna do okay oh
yeah alright guys I gotta show this is
storm that's really your name right
we're matching yeah we're both like the
galaxy yes I love you so much she pass
out three hours yeah Beth out
your way
is
you
do it you need to have something to push
it though like from the wall I guess
what yeah
I got Duncan's just supervising I don't
know cool was it I love the sound of the
dispensary eyebrows Oh snack skillet
good I'm sorry just how very cute it
took all the low announced the projects
you dispute oh no oh no travis has to go
back to his headphones you got 36
seconds I'm leaving 70 nasty other
so as you can see from the footage trev
get pied or cake they should say still
keep already here comes
2 rakaat that that would've been amazing
there's a big piece kind of reminds me
of like 2012 when demi lovato pied us in
the face here I'll show you the clip yes
this is old-school
the funny thing about the Demi Lovato
thing was it was set up that we couldn't
do anything related to food and then she
came out and pied us all in the face
irony whatever thanks man appreciate
thank you thank you I was like she had
nights I came into their account oh so
good it was a cool yeah you take it sir
Duncan is driving right now and we ought
to say thank you to snacks back there
for snacking uh Travis with a cake then
he did was both of you guys oh well they
sent me any yeah that's pretty good yeah
for sure Cole anything you want to say
about tonight um that it was fun alright
guys see you tomorrow morning super
early have a great night doodle I said
it's gotta be what's up crap let's just
go in the bullet out
it's so easy haha are you enjoying your
westenberg birthday
