going home slowly everyone went took an
earlier flight but couldn't do it with
the medication I had to push it back a
bad food
goodbye Detroit it's like will land at a
95 we have to take off at a 1 by the way
don't judgment so I just got to my
sister's house and it's like gorgeous
out I absolutely love her view but
anyways so we're gonna start setting up
for hurley well hopefully it doesn't
rain though because there's a lot of
paper involved in a luau I've discovered
home sweet home where's my favorite fish
hey bud there's Lincoln there they are
oh three of them am I kidding you Oh 3
i'll be alone okay where's Zoe Zoe floor
I look good Claire you're so okay q so
cool blowing up things for kids party
boo boo and everyone that's how you line
up tiki torches sunk right in you make
him perfectly perfectly even just like
that it's perfectly even I said yeah
Zoe's rolling around in the grass right
now she's trying to act like nothing was
wrong look what i just do anything I
didn't do anything what what did you do
did you just break that you sir are in
trouble you haven't been feeling good I
know because I've been gone you did now
hi my so girls come here would you sir
look at you Caitlin what don't you get
you this Dean
we know succeeded don't see those we're
in Sam's Club this is like this is where
you buy all the that you don't need
but you always yeah like hey guys I need
to answer I made sure I knew seven
pounds of cheeses it looks like it's
underwater it doesn't like glad saying
really we need maracas alright so
everyone's doing their own thing right
now your feet look a lot better you're
not eating your feet anymore so now I
have to get this vlog uploaded so
yesterday's vlog I apologize so much
guys if it was a little late because it
is a little late but the good news is
yesterday's video was 100% worth the
wait I think cuz was so funny and goofy
if you didn't watch yesterday's video
yet go watch it I have no idea how it
happened i was uploading the video and
then somehow i got into the deep dark
pits of youtube you like when you watch
one video then you watch another video
so right now I'm just watching the
history of the one of yours don't know
why or although basically all that back
history as she say david schwimmer was
on it the note i didn't know that Keisel
you're not a lot of go chase lizards so
you guys know Daniels turn the guy from
home alone he was actually the voice of
the narrated that entire thing here at
this guy right here that guy no diesel
no more lizards and my stomach is really
really really killing me right now
because its last last day actually
second last day of the chemotherapy and
that's always worse I've take one more
tonight and then I'm done it's a good
show amazing music probably the best
music ever for any TV show ever Oh
trying to find what crackers we need for
the article I crackling noise Kaylin oh
no no no we don't check out the pinata
she's faced down yeah I know I know we
forgot everything ready no Lincoln you
can't come outside right now tom has the
cat in the tree rapunzel Rapunzel found
your hair all right no squirrel and
lizard hunting please ready go swine's
and whines and whines and goes to the
same spot you're such a doofus a lovable
doofus get me up from editing so you can
just stare at something pal you got to
show me what you're looking at here can
I help you I'm trying bud I'm trying oh
boy oh boy oh boy oh boy you got laid
galen it's your birthday and there's
sunshine Oh Clara if she dumb okay
nobody ever says that when they get laid
the city oh yeah this is my family don't
love them look at this turd so curious
so you guys remember a few weeks ago
when i had to wake up at 3am because i
was a nerd and I don't want to pre-order
the Apple watch I also pre-ordered the
two new macbooks the gold in the black
the black slate or whatever you want to
call it actually want to hurt 12 inch
macbooks I was immediately thinking
who's gonna be as good as mac book pro
so Ali has a macbook air right now and
she's go searching more videos on her
channel so I thought it'd be kind of a
nice little surprise to maybe you know
maybe give the macbook but apparently
these aren't nearly as powerful as
microprose or even this powerful MacBook
Airs obviously didn't know which one
would look cooler the gold or the black
slate so I ordered both of them with the
intention of bring
one back before actually all the reading
I've been doing now might've taken both
of them back because the fairly powerful
as a macbook air they're just basically
iPads which I don't really understand
like why would you have a computer iPad
actually sees the ohm because
anticipation
so remember I was talking about the
wonder years earlier today it's somehow
again in the dark pits of YouTube and
now I'm looking five mysterious sounds
ever recorded and five giant monsters of
the sea this actually leads me to a
question Ali I have a huge internet too
i have a huge question for you but you
go wrong some people believe the door
aliens right i believe that there are
more alien like creatures in the sea
that no would be right now in the space
i think there's more creatures in the
sea de we've yet to discover
absofreakinlutely broke like your
feelings and space are you kidding me of
course I do all right internet your turn
you figure are more crazy sea creatures
or more crazy aliens example I have no
idea what the hell this is speed
appearance portability battery life and
things like that this is gold this is
the gold one can barely tell it's really
gold yeah it's kind of like a rose gold
champagne or rose gold what champagne
works too okay well it does a gold oh
nice small so this is the old one can
barely tell it's really gold yeah it's
kind of like a rose gold champagne or
rose gold what champagne works too it's
really tiny there's no devil and I hurt
for me would you like feel it yeah I
heard the keyboards a little different
to blow over it's really there's not
much there wow that's really crazy yeah
so this is the slate or gunmetal I like
this one it's nice come next to each
other I like that I kind of like the
slate a little bit more too yeah I'm
going to run separate benchmark tests on
this thing and see if it's any faster
this is the macbook air obviously I know
if this means anything to anyone else
don't go to the new macbook
it's actually pretty close to the same
which is actually pretty impressive okay
so if you look closely let me see the
sides there are no USB drives there are
no Thunderbolt drives those stay on the
side there's only a USB what's called us
bc which is what charges it so it means
no more magsafe so more no more more
like for me who's a complete klutz it
always tripping over cables and yanking
out the cable this will just bring the
computer well with you and then the
other crappy thing I'm noticing is
Apple's of course making you buy an
adapter air has an SD card slot a
thunderbolt and another USB compared to
that mm-hmm Thank You vana Ali and like
pisses me off I'm like I have data right
here it doesn't what the charging thing
or this make a small one we would want
to do is make it better than the
previous which would be either make
better than macbook pro okay yeah so
here's the air it's actually it's
definitely lighter but not that
considerably later pc thing then we go
over here there it is again and this is
macbook air my opinion don't buy it's
essentially getting an ipad there's no
its asset to me is essentially you're
just getting an ipad cuz camera you
can't you can't I'm sure you can edit
but there's the I'm sure you can make
edit do all that fun stuff but like
getting things on to it I feel like
would just be a complete pain in the ass
my opinion if you're really going to be
serious about editing just get a macbook
pro that macbook air is even work pretty
well anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video today's the last day of
chemo I don't like you for house do this
at the end of the Volks I always just
walk around so I want to take that alley
and I gotta watch a movie and we're just
going to chill cuz that we have got to
see each other last couple days so I
will see you guys tomorrow as always
have a great night doodles bye guys love
it probably
yea big come on got me bro
go
come on he's like a dog like a rabid dog
take my hand
