where's the pedalboard going sir you
can't bring that on the plane sir no
those have been bands in the 20s good
morning happy Friday
it blows dispense forever
we are all on our way to the Drakh park
where tool this is really gonna probably
be one of the most exciting and
overwhelming times of the dog park
because walking three dogs that are
fairly large is not as simple as it
seems so this is definitely going to be
very much like the circus keep
forgetting diesel you arm it
a little private jet over here it seems
like
basically
now I've actually managed to do the
impossible which is walking three dogs
at one time all unleashes I don't think
they're complaining too much either and
they're looking very good so far so far
so I guess I'm lucky dog walking master
right here come on guys Tallyho after
you pee yes ultimate dog walker when
they want to be and then that happens
and then so he gets the line up the butt
which is not good okay there you go
ultimate dog okay and we're here if you
have no idea where at there we go that's
right sir blue is kidding it in there
that's a deep any movie I'm gonna knock
that down we're gonna have to fight that
one sauce if you knock this down this is
Ben's mating call
I was just thinking it out for those
people that actually are professional
dog walkers and they have to walk like
oh my gosh and they have to walk you
know eight nine ten dogs at a time I
applaud them I applaud them so Zoey has
walked the most appropriately so she has
allowed to have her leash off whereas
that little tick turd over there and
this one I just don't trust him
completely yet so today is I think day
five and six of the chemo because I end
up Saturday and it's always the worst
ones like I always tell you guys my
stomach is my stomach is completely
killing me right now I feel like
complete crap
he deletes his entire project so I
probably will never ever do that again
walking three dogs on leeches is the
most difficult thing I've ever ever
imagined ever imagined and when we were
going around there was an older man that
was walking his dog and he brought him
around and he was like a little like I
want to say a chihuahua makes something
like that anyways Marley being Marley
you know being the little bitch that she
is like charged at the dog and scared
the guy half to death and I was so bad
but he he kind of laughed it off so
thankfully he was okay with it but they
walked up and they asked if the dogs are
really nice and if they pat down
and then they got wrapped all around the
people because of the leashes that I was
doing it was just like a big man come
down to the thing and we have those stay
there don't do it like you lost a job so
after all these shows is still looking
beautiful know that oh yes that looks
good
diesel was Leonard lizard hunting and
unfortunately Marley was not very happy
with that so we had one of our first
puppy fights which was very overwhelming
I think they love each other now which
is a good thing definitely scared the
crap out of me did you do that are you
okay now you friend I think they are but
yes that was very very scary know how
you guys like if anybody has dogs and
they big in fights it always really
freaked me out and it really really
overwhelmed me I get kind of like
emotional
I like they make my kids and I get
really upset if something bad happens to
them yes I know I love you too
Carl's kind of like make fun of me for
it but I get a little bit nervous and I
just I don't know it makes my heart like
stocked I get so nervous about it but
everybody's okay now you won't be doing
that
we do that first before we're tired so
Ben and I are gonna go fight right here
fake fight in this Abbey and she's gonna
film because I can't do it
there were ties
finish him
is that
good job you're welcome thank you so
much
I would say thank you I don't know if
you guys can hear that source don't make
it so crazy kind of like I shouldn't
have said stomach every time Charles
goes away unfortunately she's kind of a
cranky pants when it comes to eating her
food and then of course these guys like
to stay here and make sure that she's
good okay girl but thankfully Charles
will be home tomorrow so I think then
she'll be better but we're trying to get
her to eat yeah you can't pudding girl
okay well I'm gonna sit over there for a
little bit I'm gonna go for my run cuz
I'm still trying to keep up with a 2
miles a day at these little - they don't
want to leave her side I'm so sorry so
though you guys keep her safe okay so
it's a police attack it's one see what's
inside it
hello it's we get in there get in there
you got the gun it's the preparation
that this guy does this have you ever
gone step using it was an MMA fighter so
like all this is like completely Nolan
today the challenge contenders contender
one ten to two
probably shouldn't do it here baby bro
come on he's like a dog like a rabid dog
oh yeah
watering plant on a Friday night Brad
Pitt in that one movie where he ages I
think you guys should do this next
oh I'm going underneath that yeah that
looks that's very deceiving when you go
there you break your neck Ben and I
legit almost a snap their neck because
they looked like you know you have to go
over that little white curtain what
happens is this giant wall so we thought
we can go underneath it next thing you
know snap duncan is supervising us today
thanks dad
we're doing a live show right now
you're giving me like the saddest puppy
face right now do you miss your dad you
miss Charles boring tape but you know
what it's the perfect Friday so have a
good weekend everybody I'll see you
tomorrow
doodle I claimed our Charles is already
gonna say doodles with the whole color
chat is that so toodles
for my hands it's impossible five six
seven eight
no I saw horses David look those little
I got an early flight home actually I
have a question guys close as a kid what
was your favorite favorite freakin toy
like the bounce house thing the
gladiator thing that we do that's
definitely a whole time I'm not gonna
say Tootles but I have some friends that
want to say so I will see you guys
tomorrow as always okay I'm in Michigan
sighs Detroit slash at Auburn Hills
say something guys hey shirt there bud
together see mom
and pan out
