good morning guys any guesses that's all
yet and then guess the location of where
we're going cue the intro if you said
the airport and Philadelphia you are
correct and you want a high five from
Danny correct most of the time that
we're gonna go say hi to take various
what's a high
LeBron and now the security way
kind of like the best buy store they're
starting to recognize me here at the
airport security it's a good thing
because you kind of get through a little
bit faster there he comes slow but sure
wait feel like I don't even want to say
we're at right now it already know sir
Sir gentlemen don't you enjoy our
departure security please make sure
they're by your departure gate first
item but clearly photos so I'll use my
headphones the other day to run and I
forgot the portability my backpack so we
had to go all the way to the a terminal
so I can get some headphones okay now
I'll be able to edit my blog population
you want to do the errands yeah I
thought that I want to lose weight and
it's not that I thinks I'm about you
because I think I'm em in decent shape
i'm a skinny beanpole you know
thankfully i got good genes in my family
and I i can stay pretty thin so I'm very
very blessed for that but um basically
what i want to do is I just want to get
a little bit healthier I want to tone up
a little bit more actually I'm going to
the Bahamas boo I'm going to the keys
really soon because Kaitlyn's
bachelorette party is going to be
happening soon
yelling go
I'm done not as fun as I thought it
would be
just what's garden want this time I got
to do that again cuz daddy's pissing
really loud p on the side of the toilet
I like hear it anyway guys yeah we're
back to the same exact freaking hotel
feel like we the exact same place I'm
gonna upload the vlog and fall asleep if
girl bends like falling in love was that
is actually working today so we have
we're gonna have to get them together I
got a shot at it it's really creepy but
I just got a shot of him an angel face
next to each other I had we call our
angel face o bends and love so glad
we're going here and not there right now
char constantly makes me go to bestbuy
so i'm glad i get to run errands and
have nothing to do with this but I sure
i'll be there though probably later this
week
I don't know they don't get my spike fun
like so
no I don't feel like he's like that I
don't think he should I was like fun
this is a freaking badass gym probably
one of those gems we go over there you
could work out you can look at the games
you wanted to or you know Luther King's
plan whichever one comes first sir
everyone really can so everyone who was
concerned about Jesse Ben's dog she's
doing great good perfect so I know a lot
of people were asking about that so yeah
thank you so much for all your good
vibes because I'm she really needed she
was touch and go for me but now she is
um back to being the best dog ever and
now we're gonna play wall ball cuz we
didn't we didn't get enough time last
time we're gonna die oh we're supposed
to be sound checking so Duncan had to
take the ball away ha hey are we gonna
start a new game with Danny it's called
bein this song he's just gonna do a fill
already do it
and pan out it's the little things guys
it's just a little thing so you're just
hanging out with me and Marley has a
mind of her own and diesels lizard
hunting all right everybody time come in
oh and there she comes hey that means
you too come on the door is open come on
please he never wants to listen to me
come on it's like my first age ride he
gets out of the car left it running this
new technology kids didn't have the
emission seventies and you need sleep my
future to bottom
that's what we do now tej
so weird saying to easton peeps that
we've been blast three times in the same
month right now
I got everything I'm gonna be wasted
water
no sir is vodka line
you guys want to see something funny but
why
i will show you something that probably
your brain so old can do you do this and
you put your your strawberry here and
it'll hold up so you don't do that whole
garrison well trained Greek as a kid
this was always my favorite thing I've
never understood it until was older why
ambulance is spelled backwards on on a
ambulance I don't know actually is it
right looks right now on the screen see
also stars the rearview mirrors can read
complete heartless as if the signs are
like big enough and loud enough this is
by far my favorite spot all the candles
i'm like addicted if yes Charles I have
way too many mmm i feel like i would
spend my last dollar and cables rather
than feeding myself are just terrible so
what one can be here this masterful
travis has been DJ travis all day take
floor what would
ah so it just finished work out you
probably can't tell but I'm completely
drenched and disgusting but it feels
really good and now I'm off I don't even
know time it is what time is it 5 30 I
have to go take the dogs for a walk so
they don't pee in house and then I'm
crying on me just like a lonely night
with myself work on a few projects and
maybe watch a movie I might even go in
the hot tub I don't know if it feel that
spontaneous crap i have to go home and
clean a little bit so just kidding I'm
not going home and relaxing I don't have
to tell you guys look who's back mr.
JJ's back how long do we have you watch
every week we got it for a week yeah we
have mr. Benjamin over here Benjamin
sense Benjamin Mills you're gonna top
that there will always be toys oh hey
see sleep such a nice guy right
oh yeah you're such a nice guy right oh
give it mar we get inside Marlene get
inside I own did you though kiky hey
baby hi I'm coming oh okay what are you
talking about earlier you goofball hi
that is like the best awesome I've ever
had it looks like you guys have been
having a little fun on the couch you can
do it oh really really you feel better
so his legs were hurting her because we
went to the beach and like the waves
were a little bit rough but she was
running around she was like it so
excited and and the words of Melissa
trippy she was a spring chicken but now
she's just been kind of hurting through
past few days so we're kind of just
babying her a little bit and letting a
relaxed nothing too crazy nothing too
crazy you got this done got back there
you go cubis right now it's like still
do didn't comment
right now good yes all right yeah I
think it's a good workout show's over I
had to go back to the hotel because i
have to take chemo because we're flying
out tomorrow i was going to go hang out
with everyone but just taking the
chemotherapy i already feel kind of
crappy i've talked about this million
one time said I know this is a diary of
my life but it's kind of like a weird Oh
heartburn it's the best I can describe
it's like you want to burp but you can't
burp it's just you feel nauseous just
crap all day Ali told me and yelled at
me and said I can't do anything crazy
today anyway guys hope you enjoyed
today's video I'm gonna go throw that
poison in my stomach and we will see you
guys tomorrow as always have a great
night doodles they're insane okay I got
it do you think you're coming with me p
right cuz you are big hole baby stay
gold baby and a big old boots off
your honor we're lucky
you
