afternoon internet so I was trying to
get some anything done and zoey is still
being lazy right now as you can see just
want to get up so i've been using zoe as
my new desk you're going to be
productive nope nope you're moving
you're moving don't move good girl one
thing that I've been doing is kind of
doing a little bit of more research on
youtubers I don't know I feel like it I
should know it's kind of bad that I
don't I've just been kind of watching a
lot of different videos and seeing what
people do and it's actually really cool
and fun and unique to see how different
some people are and how similar some
people are one thing that I love that
they all do is that they all like to do
these challenges or most of them to
Charles and I have been talking about it
and I think we're gonna start doing
challenges there's one in particular
that I'm his friend Jesse from prank
first prank had recommended that Charles
and I do tomorrow i leave for a couple
shows people playing philly surprise
surprise and I think we playing New York
or Michigan oh darn I can't do my
laundry cuz marley's audit well I guess
I gotta do something else hey open Zoe
still in bed think she really heard of
legs did you hurt him cuz you didn't
stretch yesterday you didn't stretch
wait why do you have this you charging
your iPhone hi everybody Oh max what you
crazy buffoon hi everybody max you
little stay down you gotta learn to
say they're insane and there's the man
who is girlfriend oh you do do you in
your friend oh okay I got it do you
think you're coming with me p right it's
cuz you are big hole baby
big old baby you know big all goofball
no wonder where it left me most so close
so close hmm so yesterday we were at the
dollar store I bought a bunch of kooky
toys yes I said kooky i bought a build a
straw which is amazing then i also got
one of these stupid little grow things
gross one hundred percent of its
original size so what are the views i'm
going to set up a GoPro and we can watch
it grow together science so i think all
i have to do is just put water in this
thing was most boring toy give kids
sponges they'll love it got it in their
water let's go south to go pro and we'll
just check on that in like 14 hours ok
so now that I haven't successfully
gathered it's the weirdo we're have to
go do the podcast and he's actually
gonna go play with Tyson so that's good
are you so happy right now was it like
two months ago I think it was it comes
it was in March we come back from that
show and I basically had that super oh
overdose on the vimpat basically I
almost had a coma is what the doctor
said I could have gone into a coma
because there was so much of an overdose
that they accidentally put me on so what
we're doing now is we're going to the
going to the pharmacy to make sure
scream let me get the whole history this
time that way nobody can put me into
coming
mama's got gonna do this I'd all right
it's kind of scary to think about cuz I
couldn't speak couldn't move like is
everyone's I've been looking at me
they're just looking out cute Chloe is
right cope my bud you guys want to see
my history look at that that's one
medical history right there well let me
do it you're driving look at all this
guess how much I had to pay for my drugs
guys fourteen thousand dollars
thank God for insurance no that's not
with insurance I had a day all the zeros
all the zeros for the insurance
then you see these nice giant chunks and
I'm
I'm responsible 80 total prescriptions
I'm a pharmacy guys should totally get
Ali a bigger size since the other size
wouldn't even hey bud hi pal there's the
best friends and now they're
disappearing and diesel peed on the
ground oh look at the two best friends
oh well hey relax all right I want to
resist every freaking urge to do one of
those how many youtubers does it take to
do a light bulb because it only takes
one charles i am the handyman I'm
completely admitting the fact that I
dropped the bag of bulbs and broke
everyone except two so we're just gonna
admit that fact from the record a single
for my head
remember the other day I was asking if
Marley's new spotters brand new that's
it where is it there was definitely a
spot there yesterday we're held it go
could have sworn yesterday there was a
spot between her eyes how I'm not seeing
it probably was dirt which is
gross check on it good girl so we're
trying to take the dog on a little puppy
adventure we're gonna attempt attempt
yeah I going to dinner but I think we're
thinking this is a really bad idea oh so
I just want to show you guys well
anyways see that right there diesel Pete
and then it kicked all that on the
sidewalk I don't know if that's like a
big fu or what but it got all over all
over Melissa oh there you go so Ali is
still with Melissa and Tampa I think
they're doing the podcast for meal
uncensored and I'm just hanging out with
though because she hasn't been feeling
good because I think she strained
herself a little too hard going to the
beach me know crazy by the way guys
here's a fun little fact I just read it
on our comment section you know that
weird noise than Zoey was doing or she
was like take it easy back on the road I
don't know it's called scientifically
but what that is is basically a dog's
inverted sneeze mystical reverse sneeze
and if you heard this from the bed if
you like come to do this with their nose
really quickly it'll make them stop we
should go check on that stupid thing
right now
can you guys even see a difference
probably by the time I get home so today
is officially day one on the chemo it
took it last night and I have to take it
again tonight and then unfortunately I
have to travel which is kind of scary
because I hate traveling while being on
chemo but I feel like I'm going to be
nice and healthy and no one would be
helping but at the same time it's just
one of those things where I just want to
talk and just vent that cali right now
that's Ally right now can anyone guess
what song that is a billion cool points
for anyone can actually guess that a
turd do you have mr. yeah yeah mr diesel
yeah Jason loves diesel this is how you
do girls night is it not haridas max day
margaritas everywhere taxes are finally
done oh yes fajitas vahida endeavor
lemme just oh and then we have a barking
dog in truck over there so I'm just
gonna let that keep going since it's
going little by little in the meantime
I'm going to build a giant awesome straw
for my root beer
oh boy it's working the scene just
reminds me of his mouse trap who's here
mr. goofballs here you kind of lay it on
top of me right now and you start
editing so I need your help tomorrow is
a flight and I have to take this crappy
poison those damn fish aren't doing
anything I guess that's true equipment
all right guys hope you enjoyed today's
video and here's the day too Cheers have
a great night guys and we'll see you
guys tomorrow it all are you sleep
already I know oodles
I think you guys back up a camera back
come to save your guess
Oh
