I don't know what it is whoever got this
cat the sushi thing
she's been batting around carrying
around the last day and a half so Al and
I are starting a new habit you know
we've been doing all the running and
stuff like that but I think you can only
do that so much until your body gets
used to it so Ali really has a gym to a
membership Ali already has a membership
to the gym you know I'll leave that in
there just so you see what I was talking
about yesterday so we're gonna try to do
that or we aren't going to do that and
then maybe make that more of a habit so
that's what we're doing today
so I found a dollar a pound
iPhone cables and chargers today I found
on the main road a watch it's broken but
it's still time to watch
should you play the lottery I think so I
mean like it what's the crate wait come
back I didn't look whatever it's a Rolex
I highly got no that's not I don't have
anything L beg er oh you know what
you're doing is when somebody comes home
the thing we do now is you go like this
we messed with her belly so that way she
gets used to stuff like this there you
go
found a watch kind of funny right that's
actually really crazy a little convex
then hopefully a million no other side
of the watch attack attack what silly
hey your buddies here attack Zoe attack
yeah you better watch out some ferocious
dogs that one just gave up on you
already big manly man with a little tiny
kitten right she's still wearing it
though she take it off you know what she
went Marley's got her outfit she's
showing off her Ben did she still got it
on you still got that on and using my
old phone to me like looking at my phone
it's like using my like having my
girlfriend download tinder for me so if
you guys didn't believe me how chill
Rica's become just chilling licking is
licking his fingers and I'm a dog person
yeah we all are oh man cat dog oh man
you a good puppy puppy huh no just as we
jealous dude yes she wants a cat so that
she was literally no joke shaking so
been just left so nice to see been yeah
oh look at this hang on she looks so
cute she's like I hate that phrase
probably really warm though she was
literally sure in earlier Marnie what is
the Sheep set are you feeling cat nice
and warm green looks good on you bro
just keep it or warmer I told you how
would you feel your dad shoved a sweater
on you that you didn't want to wear
she's been so sleeping so tired I think
it's just literally the weather and
you've been more annoying than ever you
know she looks like she looks like a
soccer player yeah a little soccer
player so we're very delayed on this but
um I went ahead and got some of our
photos printed out from our wedding
super excited because I really want to
serve pudding well you know what he
photos up because they turn out so
beautiful say road just like filled it
but I still have so many more to print
out but I just wanted to show you guys
some of them because I'm obsessed with
them and right now I think I'm gonna
make Charles go with me to go get some
picture frames that way we can actually
get them put up and not procrastinate
any more than we already have because we
are true procrastinators you know what I
take the fact I am a fascinator and I do
it effortlessly in this light man I'm
standing around his light and he'll look
like really spooky and scary Oh
this is definitely one of my favorites I
loved that one hello this one of us -
you just turned out so beautiful about
you guys actually kind of warmed us and
I'm really happy you did about cat
litter and Marley being a little jerk so
what we decided to do we got the baby
gate we made it enough so Rican can
actually get underneath it but not
enough so I say go underneath it see if
she can do it
come on yeah yeah okay maybe she doesn't
know how to use this she'll figure it
out and then Marley can not squeeze
under there although she is like a
hamster she might be able to figure it
out but hopefully this works I've never
seen somebody so excited for picture
frames
Alys can freakin so stoked not like
having things I'm like wow that's so
crazy
yeah like white snowflake sprinkles like
things that I would never expect to find
like for instance a french fry cutter
you can find some of the cool stuff in
the world and then use it for something
completely different
I found something super cool and quirky
and I'm like hey we can use this for
this and he ends up loving it so see I
think he's I think he understands now
he's got the fever what's that said hot
chocolate oh oh my gosh we should shall
I make some I could you know what I want
to be tonight because it made me super
jealous the other day is that they made
s'mores and they didn't wait for me
alright so here's the deal I'm not
really sure how to kind of go about this
and how I'm gonna word this because this
is something I'm not good at all and I
just want to be brutally honest at this
point you know what I mean
so it's okay so today I just I just had
a really I don't wanna say a bad day but
just a really kind of a frustrating day
where one thing turned into another and
it's always the little things it's
always the stupid little things
that end up becoming more of a more of I
don't say problem but more of a pain in
the ass
I mean this has nothing to do with ally
myself or anything like that you know
family or anything it's just a personal
thing that I'm just I'm just I'm not
good at like expressing kind of how I
feel a lot of times I just I find myself
to be like putting on a like a mask or a
face to where I try to psych myself out
to where I don't let things bother me
but today I just got so frustrated to
the point that I had a hard time picking
up the camera and just filming and doing
things like that and like I said I just
want to be honest with that because I
have to be honest with myself as they
get older I'm starting to realize more
and more that I tend to kind of blanket
or ignore when I'm having a bad day or
when I'm like not feeling up to
something and I feel like when I was
younger it was something I could do cuz
like it's like oh you know what just
ignore it it'll go away but like when
you're older I feel like you can't do
that you can't brush things off you have
to like hit things head-on and like I
said I'm not completely I don't want you
guys to think I'm complaining my job I
don't want to think I'm complaining
about anything like that because I I
know I am very blessed and very
fortunate to get to do what I get to do
and have all the opportunities but it's
just sometimes I'm here I mean I'm human
so like sometimes I found myself in
situations to where I don't I don't know
I just I don't want to do something like
I just I want to just shut off and I've
been fighting that for the longest time
because it's not healthy and I try to
talk to you guys I want to talk to you
guys right now like I would talk to Ally
or a friend of mine and it's become one
of those things where
if I don't do it it bottles up and then
it explodes like today it's just kind of
the little things just kept building up
and I just exploded like mentally and
it's just it was a tough day it was just
a rough day for me and I hope you know
that it's something that I can get over
I mean I shouldn't say that I know I can
get over it but something that I can
work towards the better myself because I
feel like I need everyone needs to
better themselves they have to admit
when there's something wrong
and you know a lot of the times like
thinking about it like I have am MRI in
like two or three days
I always it's almost like clockwork
just before these things I mean they're
terrifying I always find myself in
terrible moods and this like honestly
just fearful just afraid I know I'm fine
I know I'm always fine but it's always
this it's the unknowing and it always
frustrates me and always it frustrates
me because it's frustrating me that's
make sense actually like that it's one
of those things like I said makes sense
in my head but I don't ever know if I
can convey it and yeah I mean like I
said I just wanted to be completely
brutally honest about how I feel today
and why I feel like it and um yeah so I
don't know I just I don't even know if
this makes sense or anything like that I
kind of just turned the camera on I had
no real plan I just wanted to just speak
like I'm not gonna edit any of this I
just wanted to speak how I'm thinking
and I mean I feel like the point of
these videos least in my opinion when I
started doing this stuff was to make
people laugh entertain and stuff like
that but I'm human like I said and
sometimes I have a bad day and sometimes
I don't want to do anything I just want
to just chill but I know that by making
these videos it makes people happy and
it makes me happy I love it like I said
but sometimes I just have a bad day and
I have a hard time pushing myself to do
something cuz like I find it to where I
let those things bother me to a point to
where like it becomes that situation and
I don't want to do it anymore and I just
I don't know like how to express that so
I mean I don't want to talk in circles
because I know I'll end up doing that
but I just wanted to talk to you guys
and explain why it's so hard for me to
like put on it I don't want to say put
on a face because Who I am is who that
you guys watch like I don't fake
necessarily my personality is who you
guys watch but sometimes when I have a
bad day I try to you know like psych
myself out or put a mask on so that way
I don't put something negative out into
the world I always believe that you
should always put positive but sometimes
when you're having a negative day it's
kind of hard to push down that
negativity in yourself or frustration
and then make positive what's the
content because it's like make positive
thing make a positive day cuz you're
going through something yeah I mean
that's kind of what I just wanted to
talk about
I hope this made sense I mean I
genuinely feel a little bit better kind
of like talking about a little bit more
look yeah I'm not I'm gonna stop talking
cuz I think I just talked in circles
well yeah just thank you guys I just
wanted to say that truly helps me being
able to just talk to this camera this
piece of glass in plastic and metal and
know that somebody out there most likely
can understand it relate to where I'm
trying to go with what I'm trying to say
so if anything out of a frustrating day
I can look at that as being such a
positive thing if anything's of such a
negative feeling can turn into something
positive for somebody else I got a I got
a chalk that up to myself as being
stupid and having to you know make
myself feel better and it does and so
thank you
