you have it no I have it I had the
camera the whole time good morning guys
good afternoon I do your best impression
of me no thank you my name is Ali do I
talk like this I don't ever talk back
you talk like that's weak you talk like
that but so today's alien eyes date day
basically all of us can we haven't seen
each other a couple days because all the
traveling and I gotta travel again and
then every time we're at home it's like
we're busy doing L doing work and here's
the funny thing we're going back to
Philadelphia and like a couple days like
no joke I just I didn't even realize
that and I look at my calendar like are
you kidding me so what do we do bday
today we're gonna get stuff for my
sister's birthday oh-ho oh-ho it's
Mickey Mouse a whore get over here oh oh
yeah oh oh fuck you oh I can't wait what
I just get laid I did get laid in public
Oh
so close your clothes many so close
welcome to Hawaii want to get laid girl
yeah and then they just like put these
on them and they're like oh I'm still
pretty cool we you struggling the whole
town is talking boy sixlets jellybeans
gourmet without jelly belly I know what
other fun things she can vlog get her
bubble camera you think it's taking
taking video photos but it's blowing
bubbles the first kid is going to have a
bubble camera these it safe at all what
are your six-week all right okay I got
like this you sure you got one of these
will allow it guys wanna see something
creepy look at this does that not look
like me right there see how go by again
I stole my image they stole my image
person
oh are you free but the airport okay oh
wait is English on the side yeah you are
so weird I just don't you think I can go
do the whole wide it over to your doing
it out to my dancing is infectious
what are you looking at I wanted
together I always feel like there's like
a bat behind me I wanted to get a pinata
oh why aren't you I don't understand how
this goes with a luau I don't know if
it's only one way to find out we can get
it and put little like jars of alcohol I
a bottle hits it hits something the face
all right let's get a pinata lady no
it's good left shark I like left shark
up there ellicott you place are like
little does she know her fate I found
some fun little things booby coconut
bikini already planning with Ali fine no
internet let's have a vote right now if
it was your party and you're going to be
drinking and having fun if you're of age
would you rather have big giant chalice
like when you're drunk and going like
this could be spilling everywhere or
yeah or you do something like what Ali
has a sippy cup I would totally vote for
a sippy cup it's cuz of your trips and
falls you know what I mean remember
these this is that all that does amazing
amazing invention all the crazy toys I
don't even know what I want right now Oh
another whoopee cushion obviously the
other day so I don't think four hours
are just fun
here you want her to have a crazy straw
I have your answers it's called a build
a straw I'm not this time to lose it's
terrifying it's a terrifying noise ha
totally got you didn't I I want to look
I'm a Maserati and I can't park hey you
want to see jackass parking okay I'm a
Maserati I can't park I'm a Maserati I
can do whatever I want no yawning on our
date night no jaani well date afternoon
/ the evening you still see the Sun in
at what time do you dinner
so we're both so bad we can leave it
even better so late so we're trying to
get back to doing it like when the days
still up with a son still up be honest I
think I don't know much hi how are you
talking to a camera she gave us a minute
so I can finish my conversation with the
eyes
and now he can't remember what it was if
it's hungry cactus ago I was talking
with Melissa yesterday and she's doing
this like bikini body challenge so I
said you know what I think I'm gonna try
and do that myself but basically what
you have to do is you know follow this
meal plan follow these different things
obviously already screwed up so I'm just
going to do what I was initially gonna
do which was go ahead and do the run s
we have to run like maybe like 1.7 miles
a day or at least two miles today so I'm
gonna go ahead and I'm gonna go get my
run on little nightly Drive you guys
having fun nice relaxing zooming singer
but down the canal we're back to
relaxing so yesterday plus it has one of
those dogs shadow firmware things and I
guess I did too much on soda because you
can see what else you can see how white
Zoe's right here then decide so what she
is
oh my god that's how much that's how
much access / she had see if you guys
can see those creepy eyes so come on
let's go yeah looks like there's an
alien that's a Zoe it's creepy Zoe you
need a ride your ride I'm working yeah
so during the little girl like ol run no
words the poop in here oh go home yes
come on buddy you'll be so much safer
you just listen to us one go oh my god
trying to help you that's all I'm trying
to do
gotta eat snakes come on buddy we're not
gonna hurt you we just want you to go
off the road because we saw two dead or
switched ones their prior brothers we
don't want that okay see though that way
good job good boy all right all right
girl thank you see this is why we were
trying to move him guy this one I got
smushed this is why we try to say the
other one there you go guys finished it
2.51 miles I look like cop but I feel
great this guy went with me being also
doing a bikini challenge look at that
mondiali hey it's your lucky day it is i
found a twenty-dollar bill at the dollar
store which is a kid at twenty dollar
bills like giving a million dollars in
yeah and i bought the vanilla ice music
video and Ninja Turtles Teenage go ninja
go ninja go spin hundred dollars when I
was like I think I was like eight or
nine years old on the side of like a
curb between two cars and my mom was
like watching this other kids I'm on the
kids is like he need to ask if it's her
money so I went on and us anybody if
they lost any cash and then we have so
much was and nobody ever pulled five
hundred dollars and I bought everybody
ice cream hey thank you so remember the
other day I told you guys I stubbed my
pinky toe on my suitcase that was lazy I
didn't unpack here I'm just going to
show you what happened see I wasn't
faking it at all I heard so freaking bad
so bad Zoey make it feel better you
always make it feel better thank you you
see this little mark on Marley's face
right here that one right there has that
always been there cuz for some reason
Ellie and I think this is kind of new
she's growing another little mark
another little spot in your face they do
something there you go good go all right
in there so before we go to bed I'm
gonna have Marley break dances into the
intro oh by the way guys if you notice
on the screen right there I think it's
we opposite so I think it's there but
cry
there if you click that little I we're
going to start using cards instead of
the annotations cuz I feel like cards a
little bit better especially when your
mobile devices so if you're probably on
a mobile device you've been getting them
so it's just a little update I wanted to
tell you guys so if you guys ever see
the law that little I button up there so
what that is click it there's a bunch of
cool little stuff in there brick kids
frequents rootkits all but all the way
okay have a good night guys oh he's a
pig that nobody around me close attend
little loose which is that tight spots
on d'box who you're asleep they killed
on you
all have been
Oh
incredible
