so here we go again so we were riding on
a shuttle with one of the other pilots
and he was sitting in the back and he
literally went like this Danny do it he
like he farting so I like that it
on himself I got screwed you're like
supposed to be long rides in that tiny
cockpit we visit to himself going home
okay we're doing the hunger walk and
look who's here and we're I think we're
all in dead last dead last but you know
that's good last was good to be in dead
last I agree I agree but we lost Phil
and Melissa probably a good 15 minutes
Phil and they're probably gonna poop
around us but will being that will be in
the back to report I agree I agree
listen Phil are meeting us they actually
just finished the race I don't know if
you guys can see them play up there so
Danny got TSA free this time and
unfortunately I didn't get it but what I
did was I just was all jumbly and I told
a couple jokes and I'm very smiley and
she saw that he was calling me out and
she let me through
so what are we learn kids and be
persuasive in your lying it works every
time ninety percent of the time it works
all the time it's cuz he was talking
trash and she heard it all whole time
she was like you want to go and like
that would be so funny we pushed our
flight back from 6am could flow 30
because we were smart yesterday I showed
you one of my favorite things about you
know the clicking you know people like
get to the gate as I click click click
click click this is my other favorite
thing I've showed you guys this a
million times look where do they think
they're going to go there's only one
entrance and I could get on that plane
faster
whoo and they made it good job guys okay
giving up her warts and they just gave
out an award for first place for 75 and
older which is crazy that's alright so
the next one Mel 72 74 we also have one
participant in this let's coming up with
Douglas Campbell that's incredible this
is probably the coolest jungle gym I've
ever seen and melissa is going to go
ahead and jump on it right now Alyssa
read the directions Melissa it's like
the human centipede up I hope you guys
are not getting sick oh okay all right
well I want to try and press pause but I
don't know how to sew just landed sorry
buddy like this is exactly i'll do in
Atlanta Airport every 20 minutes get to
the airport or get to the plane at el
disfraz I have 20 minutes to get to the
plane otherwise they leave me haven't
gotten the blog up so I'm sorry if
you're watching this in yesterday's blog
was played she was dealing with this
almost missed the plane so close um the
girls are actually gonna stay with
Melissa for tonight tomorrow because
Ty's been a little lonely and we wanted
him just to hang out with his cousins
hang out with his cousins but I'm gonna
go actually I'm going back to Miami this
weekend I'm gonna go to this thing
called the art walk or just something
that I've been wanting to do for a
really really long time so I am now
Miami bound today was a lot
actually I'm super glad that my mom came
my mom is like the craziest Walker she
loves to walk she will walk literally
anywhere that's the one thing that we
used to do all the time so it was really
cool that she had to come also loves
that there's some CTFxC years there and
PT use so positively Jersey night which
is smellin Phyllis thing it was a great
walk for a great cause and it was just
this perfect it's a great great morning
but now I am Miami bound I'm actually
going to be out there for some work
just got the plane and the first thing
to do not get food clerk bathroom it's
upload the vlog all right now we wait
for the car make sure this uploaded
again sorry guys like a really bad
nothing i could do so i'm finally in
miami with you guys in McCoy's devin and
there's the seal we are doing the art
walk right now and a lot of people are
staring at me like I'm crazy the Wynwood
wall the Wynwood Walls quibble Wynwood
Walls girls night slay go fight win
so amazing all the hard work
okay wrong
so much different over
now
so I just got to the apartment and most
had told me that she's out walking the
girls out back so what I'm gonna do I
know they're gonna smell me coming up
the stairs not cuz I stink don't reject
any prank is the wait honestly I had no
idea how we're done this where the kid
well cell phones and here's the thing
guys nobody around me because I always
hit the best hiding spots so it's him
little lose if you're the best hiding
spots come on you boss cuz you're just
sitting like gilts on you you're just
sitting there
hold on
you're just pressing like how you do any
of this is raping it's just unreal
that's seriously look incredible i'm
sorry this is embarrassing hi hi Tyson
found me Tyson's on the founding good
boy you're good boy like hell I'm even
working on this oh I think a half an
hour it's amazing thank you so much yes
my other one I did write the whites on
us better you think I love this watch
over you little I like this one I need
more followers on Instagram I am cm what
did the MC Evans I am see Evan on i
underscore am am underscore see Evans s
EEE
be honest all right guys go ahead and
follow him on Instagram so I'm currently
heading home it was such an amazing trip
I kind of saw a sign of like miami-fort
Lauderdale that I haven't really seen
ever I was a girlfriend we got well I
got to work time and then I got to enjoy
it which was like the best part about it
because that's all I wanted to do was
kind of go out there you know what I had
to get done and then seized of my
greatest friends that I have I honestly
like if you guys have never been there
definitely definitely worth going wind
wing walls but it's amazing definitely
worth going so what do you what do you
doin over there Melissa and making Tyson
food oh she's she's not making us dinner
no she's making Tyson dinner organic
ground turkey quinoa and though ooh
parent meeting she's wonderful if you
guys need anything pet parent but parent
although we don't know what's going on
we kind of lost the sense of urgency
there you go hey now we're gonna get and
die you're gonna be real happy is that
okay okay so look at this Tyson is
getting his dinner well this is supposed
to last him for a whole week you see
it's either your dog he gets to
soon morning into such as well
who knows the last like three days
better get chemo over here yeah that's
Kieran then I got a mill it but I did it
the wrong way I was supposed to bring it
to a boil and then add the green oh but
I didn't and then we go look over at my
dog see i'll show you what my dogs doing
uh she's over here eating a tennis ball
Zoe don't make us look that bad Charlie
left his camera but you guys can see my
finished product there's the quinoa and
the millet yeah okay I'm off of the
CTFxC ma'am
excuse me ma'am hi guys ready home so we
completely rather feed the girls before
leaving Melissa's yeah ready all right
internet well I gotta feed the girls and
it's been a long day of traveling long
weekend for both actually study for a
weekend excellent was a weekend for both
of us Ali's finally home I'm finally
home if you do little whippersnappers
now do enough set enough then we're all
working on our beach bodies tomorrow
okay really new water Oh package you're
like getting packages like the most fun
thing it's like it's a Christmas every
day have you guys ever gift wrap
something for yourself just because you
guys go it's my other shirt believe it
or not I didn't have enough shirts so I
had to get another one so I guess this
is convenient if you guys didn't get
your CTFxC dragon shirt go to CTFxC
Merce calm under you dark grey heather
gray or the black tank top that was
perfect timing Thank You dftba I could
not plan that better anyway guys I'll
see you guys tomorrow as always have a
great night doodles
were they smart to just give us one of
those huh so I just got this from an
awesome kid named Caleb and look at this
