my send-off crew
except this one doesn't care there we go
again it would be a trip without going
to see your little buddy I'm trying to
find out how to see this guy Lizzie
there is Warren's head in a couple days
here we go again
dang so what shirt he wants this one
that's a literally take my shirt off my
back and give it to later yeah I'm not
taking money don't know I'm gonna get
what I want alright yeah it's like a kid
like a Christmas they don't want that
one huh brushfire thing to do when you
get on Clinton so we just got to Atlanta
our home away from home and actually I
wanted to tell you guys a few this would
be the perfect place to debut my new
single no they have Danny here
Diddy he's an application on the iPhone
approached us to show you guys their
brand new app and so what you do like I
said you download the app you load it up
and you can write little personal
messages to like the song beats and like
the rhythms and stuff like that hey I'll
show you for example here's mine you
pick all these songs then you can write
the lyrics that you want it to do you
hit play it generates it there you guys
go
and then what you do is you can send
with your friends on messenger by
clicking that button or just click the
download button right here and then
pretty much you can upload it to your
Instagram your website your Twitter
anything you want and here's the thing
guys I think my song is probably the
best one so what I want you as a do is
screen graph or upload your video with a
hashtag
d d di TDY and then send it to me cuz i
think i think wants to be the best but
I'm hoping and one of you guys can write
a better song so Thank You Diddy for
allowing the airport to be a little bit
more fun for me pickle tiny this plane
is barely fit
and we're filling again boarding the
video while Danny and Hunter get cars I
told my drive but they've been like the
idea I just realized what Hunter was
actually giving me it was actually my
phone I thought was his phone he just
wanted me to hold losing my mind
remember what snacks was saying that he
hurt his finger look at it now on your
expression I'm just like Danny Danny
look at my finger and look who else we
got those back please Joe if you don't
hang on to the handle it drifts away
Thank You front desk girl the one that
hates me because I was talking about how
the discretionary I was becoming stuff
to test on my butt might be super ripped
pants oh yeah and okay I wanted to buy a
new pair of pants
but nothing just you know me with the
board just a bit I can't like put my
legs and like a chokehold
but I want my butt just to be like
and now snacks and I love the talk on
camera that's how quick was for him and
you think so we walked in and I got this
such a really bad thing of deja boo'
like looks like exactly like last time -
these guys it's like this is Dunkin
Donuts
at the end of this street that we were
just on there's a Macy's because we
found it Danny just sniffed it out there
you go all right Travis I think it might
be your birthday Kona bud sorry guys
just me mister the worst
you can't these are so fun though how do
you get that with me boys
dodge dodge you keep rocking in your
dreams buddy keep that dream alive
Bobo's stranger next to him or the sound
oh well Danny there's only one way to
find a house let's make a mistake throw
it I'll say snacks to the last minute
snacks it's free quick so before sound
check
I'm just looking for toys I'm trying to
see if they can bring down the
basketball hoop see I was gonna pull
that out then I got distracted by this
thing literally a ball foil tape
we're gonna make some noise
so I get back into the green room and I
lay down they got me
I was whoopee I never eat Chipotle again
do the airplane like oh my god it's
coming full circle the beginning of the
video poop and farts will always forever
be funny we're all in our 30s or like
would you jump right one do either
running to first base okay so a bands do
backstage on the plane that's the best
part of my day
were they smart just give us one of
those so I just got this from an awesome
kid named Caleb and
look what I did
where my skills ruining the game this is
like getting to the grief touch the wall
Dan you're about to play Dan get down
alright time in the video
alright Internet I've always wanted to
sign this one off
alright internet well thanks so much we
went ahead and got some ice cream again
since we did that last time we were here
it's a solid tradition don't forget to
pick up your new be a dragon CTFxC
shirts go to how to dress like a dork
calm you can find it there yeah that's
right that's right it's still live and
we'll see you tomorrow
doodles Jesus it's on Marley Marley sits
on Zoey somebody sits on me
for all giant family giant weird dog
family so Allie's went with Savannah
to a concert I think was in st. Pete
today tonight for a friend's birthday it
was just one of those concerts those EDM
things where they're just dancing all
the time I can't dance
so it'd just be miserable for me so I'm
hanging out watching the girls and boy
sorry
these all hooked you watch your leg
