get a little rambunctious you don't want
to see up here that bit mission
accomplished seem to be completely
honest I don't think I'm completely sold
on this whole wearable situation and
then this one's like 10 grand that I
don't get it all I was about $10,000
watch
I just bought $10,000 watch I know I
don't get it
I wanted to see it somewhere to review
Italy I want to review it you did it
again
shut up and take my money I am actually
heading into CP right now because I'm
going to go and have lunch with my
sister with my mom and then I'm actually
going to be going shopping for her
birthday because she is going to be
turning 27 next weeks they're gonna
throw a little luau and walk tomorrow
with filmless and actually my mom's
gonna join us sandwiches
I did about that because Caitlyn's
birthday his sex again I'm trying to
find something for char and for
Caitlyn's husband I think
yeah co2 that one no one's gonna cool -
it looks really touristy which ones but
did I choose I don't know those two
let's try these two I like those two it
kind of comes around because a lot of
people always ask why I film so much of
my personal medical stuff you know like
the doctor visits and stuff like that
and the reason why it just seems natural
for me one but the reason why I really
like doing it is because I like to feel
like I'm not alone and people watching
these videos to feel like they're not
alone that they're not the only ones
going through this because I've noticed
when I say something on these videos
that's kind of crappy somebody else says
they had it and another person reads
that comment and then it can't they
basically the community is formed a
friendship is formed makes this big-ass
community stronger so I was with my
sister and my mom today I think I told
you guys that earlier and I just got a
call from char that he had a seizure
unfortunately so I am going to run back
home right now and try to make it feel a
little bit better because I know it's
really kind of hard on him
I know it's hard on it because he was
doing really good and he wasn't having
any seizures so I'm just gonna go home
and we're gonna try and make the best of
this day so I know that yesterday's vlog
which would be the one that you're
seeing well yesterday so yeah yesterday
what you would've been seen yesterday I
know it's been kind of like a hellacious
here for you guys and for us and there's
been so much that's gone on and
remember I don't even know what I'm
trying to say because I'm My Mind's kind
of boggle because I'm clearly upset
because I hate when he has a seizure
because I feel terrible for him I know
it just breaks his heart I'm sorry I'm
just kind of reacting because I'm just
upset I'm really upset
when I'm upset that I wasn't there when
he had it because I've pretty much been
there every single time since we started
dating and I feel terrible that I wasn't
there because I know what's really scary
I'm sorry uh I know it's really scary
for him I just don't want extra stress
in his life and we're trying so hard to
get past all this negative bullshit that
went on this past year because there was
so much good that came out of it that do
seizures can go I don't know I went on
rants and it has little to do with the
seizure but this happens every single
time so he gets super nervous she goes
and grabs the bone and comes laid right
back next take her nervous twitch very
sweet dogs are very intuitive terrible
guard dogs it's okay though the only
problem the more nervous she is the
harder she bites that bone well I'm back
Internet I just woke up literally just
woke up had a seizure probably about 45
minutes ago and I had to wait to tell
you guys because I needed my strength my
left hand otherwise this was just
falling on my face like every single
time I was trying to pick up anything
the cute thing though Zoey never left my
side she was there the whole time
Ali's on her way back and I'm just gonna
take a little nap it's not very good at
it
are you hunting deserts I love garlic
then you got my bar over there doing
what she does yep happy as can be
you didn't kill it did he bottles did
you get it no you got to care though
diesel you've got his tail you're not
supposed to catch the lizards oh I don't
know diesel go over here
oh my god that's so sad it's not the
craziest thing an animal can do it no it
no but it loses a tail so can run away
and move so the animals the eight
creatures trying to eat it things are
still alive is that crazy you just make
your money back no more lizard hunting
your band make us I'm a go welcome Olli
I know it looks kind of weird but half a
jalapeno some avocados I'm gonna put
some tomatoes in there and I have a
partner that's helping me right now
hoping that I'm gonna drop something and
then I got this one sir
what is going on Oh cheer up Charlie
knowing no I'm sorry
I just want you to feel fit just this
thing right here right there we all know
it's that no one can say it's not you
know you have some pretty stylish hair
though it's good even watch it that's
why you probably smell so bad - that's
not so bad though you do what it's gross
it's really gross sometimes they don't
brush my hair but he just refuses to
take a little shower so I'm over that
excuse because I think that's crap
that's crap are you playing are you
thinking with your friend got off the
phone with a doctor immediate orders was
for him to lay in my hammock I'm not
kidding you said you have a hammock and
I'm like yeah actually I do doctor you
like laying it and go to bed
girlfriend
and they'll get as this the one word
that you listen to you listen to that
word more than anything else I got all
shook up you're such a goofball get some
rest okay she's staying with me you're a
good girl you're a good good girl
he's just resting okay I could talk
louder mm-hmm recuperating properly
getting enough sleep so that he can go
ahead and do that tour tomorrow he
actually has to go to somewhere I think
it's I think you said somewhere and
Philadelphia
I'm not honestly I'm not really sure but
thank you guys for listening to our
rants earlier I know it was kind of
annoying and we tend to do that when
something like this happens but we
really want to make sure that you guys
understand how we're feeling and this
situation at hand and kind of keep you
guys and all up as much as possible and
this is a really tough time you know
it's really really hard on chart
obviously knowing that it's hard on his
family it's hard on his friends it's
hard to me I know it's hard on you guys
too but I just want to say thank you
guys so much for sports seriously thank
you so much for your support again I
hope you guys enjoyed today's video I
know it's a little bit you know quiet
there wasn't much going on but thank you
so much for watching if you guys are new
make sure that you do hit the subscribe
button right down below let us know if
you like it too make sure you hit the
like button we love seeing if you guys
enjoy the video that we put out for you
and we love you guys doodle you got it
Zoey's view one two three UK all right
there's a deep dig into this one two
three you almost got it got a diesel did
it good thing that's on camera otherwise
Ally's I can't believe me so mom is
still rocking the iPhone was iPhone 4
but she is rocking the yet the Nerds
case which is awesome and I'm like we're
gonna get you an upgraded phone but she
was like I was like never leaves an
iPhone 6s she's like that was the big
one
the Danny phone the big Danny phone I
had to go get the mail because about
