and what are you doing laying on chart
time to get up the sun is shining thank
you on him stop sitting on me
yeah you're such a good boy and then you
know this reason why right over here say
good morning good afternoon actually I'm
currently trying to get up yesterday's
video the challenge video if you haven't
seen the challenge videos to touch my
body challenge video Jesse and Jeana
told us to do probably the funniest
challenge video that we've ever done so
I'm trying to make sure that gets up on
time right now because I'm actually
going to do the inspection at the house
obviously the house does not have life
is so the video is almost online but Ali
keeps knocking down my tethering excuse
me ma'am Dizzy's find a kitty hi kitty
what are you belong to don't let my mom
see it
we're back let's see let me see little
apparently the other day that little bug
was some sort of like fighting bug so
it's a very very good thing that I did
not try to catch that bug he should be
so good at catching little bit so we're
thinking guys I ended up getting this
house that way we're gonna do is take up
a little bit of this and put a little
pool over there because we don't want a
huge pool but it'd be nice you know to
kind of go into a pool can you guys see
the swarm of gnats
all right finding places where Zoey
Marlene geez are gonna dig up first
think back in here had to come by and
check this out since you guys had this
one with the bathroom is the coolest one
which I have to agree all right so let's
check out the twerps big old twerps who
is all you mark you got it it's always
you
one two three good catch
all right there's a D so you gonna do
this one two three and you treat oh you
almost got it got it diesel you did it
good thing that's on camera otherwise
Alys I can't believe me so mom is still
rocking the iPhone what is this iPhone
floor well she is rocking the the nerds
case which is awesome
and I'm like we gotta get you an
upgraded phone she's like I was like
hearing at least an iPhone 6 is she's
like not was the big one the big Danny
phone
who farted it smells like a pocket apart
right now what give diesel get them
everyone gets diesel ever go get diesel
and again brawl attacking these oh yeah
and Marley come on we gotta get him then
again appreciate you not punching me in
the balls today so I was backing up all
my footage off this computer since I was
losing all my space and I have a big
giant like database like redundant
system anyway basically I have every
single vlog ever that I've ever done the
raw and exported and the thumbnails
because I am a digital hoarder I will
MIT it and I went through and I thought
some old old videos for like the 80s we
did this a long time ago there were like
CTFxC throwbacks and I felt like I
should put some of them in here right
now so
he's grinning he's laughing off the side
of his mouth underwear I got the crash I
know as if the stuff I purposely put on
the internet wasn't embarrassing enough
now I'm digging for things that are in
the 80s did notice myself so I'm just
getting some editing done outside and
I'm just watching diesel because I feel
one day he's just gonna do what Marley
did that one day and just kind of fell
over into the pool
Zooey Marley have squirrel friend diesel
has lizard friends sir lizard in there
well help you hunt it very well help
I hope you okay we're trying to do it
together you gotta promise me you don't
eat I don't see him I just think he went
crazy
once play frisbee so remember when you
were good at frisbee you guys got a seat
this is Zoey now playing frisbee and
this is Zoey before playing frisbee
she was a monster get it back good job
Jesus it's on Marley Marley sits on Zoey
somebody sits on me
we're all giant family giant weird dog
family so Ali went with Savannah to a
concert I think it was in st. Pete today
tonight for a friend's birthday it was
just one of those concerts those EDM
things where they're just dancing all
the time I can't dance
so it'd just be miserable for me so I'm
hanging out watching the girls from the
boy sorry these all hooked you watch
your leg one he did it again
so he's hooking yeah careful bunch of
legs
y'all tangled up with a little pig I
wasn't really up for going to a concert
because we actually had the play concert
Saturday that's the only weird thing is
that when you're touring all the time
and you're playing concerts all the time
the last thing you want to do is go to
another concert shake out the troll it
works every time 80% of the time it
works all the time
hey hey beautiful
hi Savannah good you know I was about to
burp oh no I was about to burp every
time I talk to you I feel like I need to
give my left arm done now gotta get it
going
the you barking at
is this why he's crazy Zoe so I want to
take the dogs out and somehow don't know
how it did it my frickin door just
locked by itself cuz he owns one of the
smart doors so apparently was being a
dumb door so I had to go to wake up my
neighbors older people by the way and
they were freaking out with all these
fees instict added dudes on a tank top
and so called my mom couldn't remember
her other cell phone number the only
number I knew was my dad's because he
had my number back in the day so I got
had to come save me mr. diesel what are
you doing sir is this your first toy
you've destroyed apologize well okay
after freaking getting locked at my
house or go out for this so I'm just
gonna end the video guys I hope you
enjoyed it don't forget the CTFxC dragon
shirts that we made with two animals
it's finally available you can get yours
at CTFxC merci calm and you can get one
in five or twenty five or sixty seven
you pretty much give you guys you know
what I'm trying to say and don't forget
the cursor punch that like button so
that way you guys let us know that you
enjoyed today's video and if you're
brand new subscribe have a great night
doodles oh we didn't we didn't do this
last
I don't know I do it again your belly
your finger yeah what
it's uh better known
and squeezy
your arm head no I wish there's somebody
to take away this game around it so what
do you turn it off
