good afternoon Internet I don't know
where my boyfriend is oh there is yeah
okay we're gonna go to the gym I'm just
kidding I know so we thought we would do
something really fun today cuz it's kind
of been something we've seen a lot it
looks like a lot of fun and I feel like
I could get Charles really really well
but we're gonna do see that's how I work
it out that was a good one we're gonna
do the touch my body challenge and I
have a few things that I think I'm
pretty excited are you excited yes um
good one
I have such a body yes and good one oh
that's a really tight shirt yeah I'm
super tight okay I know
be afraid of the man in the really tight
shirt don't worry this little while ago
you know tooth and Oates actually we did
on the podcast do's and don'ts of what
guys shouldn't wear well here's a sermon
boys that slobber oh my god that's your
dog
nope nope flowers the different games
slobbers a totally different game of
anything Marlee I think he needs help
yes he'll mark
he already cut up me
now this kicking some butt right now
she's a 700 Emily wait apparently now
I'm at zero
motivation
because Miley was interested what
happened
sit sit
so I was over with Jesse and Jeana
recently last week and they suggested
that Ali and I tried the touch my body
challenge which looks really crazy I had
no idea what it was so i neva watch
their videos and a couple other Internet
videos interweb videos ok so the idea is
you gotta close my eyes I got a
blindfolded and then I have things going
and so I can't hear and Ali's gonna take
my finger put it on part of her body and
I'm supposed to guess vice versa not
like a rug not like going like that but
just a tap like a tap like that and I
screw up she slapped me on the face
every time she screws up like at the
tickler you know I do want to remind
everyone he's asking me to fuck him
I'll go first I've already got in my
head okay he's right though touch my
body whoa use my right hand because my
left hand is completely dead yes you're
pulling it down to watch now now I can't
see like between your two right here
it's in between your mouth and your
lower mouth and your chin no what is
that okay do you might tell what was it
your boob been held that feels like the
same damn place it is dead I see your
Berbick know that my baby had no idea
I'm 0 for 2
okay ready so fuck I go into what any of
these things I okay ready your ear yeah
you got it your love back your leg your
buttocks your fat ass okay ready
that the tip of your nose your - yeah
your fuck yeah you need a pedicure okay
I feel like we're playing airplane for
the baby trying to feed him baby food
pretty much is oh we didn't we didn't do
this flap I don't know
do it again your belly your finger yeah
what and squishy your armpit no no no
your mouth yes no thank you
your feet your web see your feet yes no
what is that
yeah elbow I'm either collarbone yep
those are your lips no it see no no
please don't tell me that's your butt
it's your butt out system here nose no
your neck no oh well so can you show me
between zoey and diesel I'm gonna ask a
good your nose yeah I can feel it yeah
you got it I got it
your boob don't care where I get her
it's cheap nope is that your butt yeah
your butt no your by both best one know
was I was like this if you like it
squishy I think I won though well that
was the end of the touch my body
challenge and I believe Ally may have
won that one but I know her but but but
I know her but I know miss you it's
Harry because who started this challenge
I always started it but I know Jesse and
Jeana did it
thank you this is so much fun oh stop it
over it's over
alright Internet well after that awesome
little challenge it's time to go to bed
and I just want to let you guys know cuz
you probably were asking what shirt
Allie and I was wearing the entire day
it's a brand new t-shirt it's the CTFxC
dragon we actually met up with two
animals calm as you guys can see on the
inside of the shirts and if you guys
actually remember from Warped Tour they
helped design this and we've been in the
works with
thing for a very very long time and I'm
very very excited they're available in
heather gray dark gray and a black tank
top so go to CTFxC marcom you can see in
the main video how how awesome they make
you so I'll see you guys tomorrow as
always have a great night
be playing with yourself right
