so he's like shut up Zoey after a bath
is a most cuddly friendly thing ever
she's like a giant teddy bear she's so
fluffy it's so I have successfully
managed to be an adult today and get all
of our cleaning products because we are
going to do a super clean on the house
because we have some fun things that are
coming up that I think you guys are kind
of catching on to but we aren't really
super clean today we have to actually be
adults today you okay buddy don't cry
are you crying big boys don't cry it's
like this
and then it's like this your allergies
getting to you Zoey you want to help
them yet allergies won't tell what to do
Allie's dancing to the brand new we the
kings album oh crap I partial prints off
Ali goes and get some things done comes
back with Eminem's you know what they're
on them your eminence in good wait
there's Cadbury in these that's from
choosing Hayes day guys I'm retiring
this broke-ass camera if you guys have
no idea what I'm talking about this
thing you see it the funny thing is like
I was talking about the other day was I
put this camera on a actual stationary
light that didn't move and it somehow
got knocked down and broke that's how
this thing broke was it two days ago
we're playing basketball to put on the
rim and that once got touched skill Just
My Luck I'm putting it in danger it
doesn't get hurt I don't want it to get
in danger and gets hurt got the warranty
so we're gonna get you guys fixed got
this little speck to from the water
where do we get that spec last time I'm
not sure the moisture do you remember we
did it feels always
varsity it was oh you're was is one of
threw a snowball at it duck wow I lost
valley I don't know if I always do that
see if you find Ali they're blonde has
anyone find her yet
first clip on the new camera ah look at
this wait we're gonna drive by it
because it's so freaking awesome is that
amazing duh duh duh
bunch of Ferraris all those Ferraris
nice car I wasn't being a douche
like if somebody goes up nice car what
they have a Ferrari no I if you have a
Ferrari like the must step every way
would be like as we're driving by hey
man I'm not yet that's just the bomb I'm
not telling you how did your driving by
I'm talking about him you're like out
and great next one I agree but we were
driving by so I had to get my
compliments out fast fuck you
so you can you guys tell any difference
from the previous clips and now this
clip so much cleaner don't let me drop
this I swear Charles you're driving me
nuts you're driving me home internet I
don't think that you understand what I
put up with why I can't be attack oh my
phone oh oh no when you into ditch boys
your face you got it how long do you
think internet this camera is going to
last actually internet I want to play a
question game or the eyes I think
Jacqueline 42 I want to know how many
cameras are now broken from the CTFxC I
know there was a lithograph which means
like you know they got a little chart
like a little photo chart of all the
cameras that died and when they died but
I'm actually curious from the inception
of CTFxC to right now how many cameras
have died I would like to know internet
how many have I broken oh I already know
that zero
because you broke mine
the one time my life I want to be a zero
the one that sounds like a boy dog is
Zoe the one that sounds like a girl talk
is diesel dude your balls need to drop
stop the NDP you're so sad hi hi got you
guys something oh look the yellow line
is gone problem solved here's your
disgusting dog stuff sounds good doesn't
it you can help me rip it up to make
sure diesel get some most disgusting
looking thing I've ever seen their take
it you want yours sorry take yours take
it she was like I'm above this you're
the funniest one is nibble nibble nibble
okay don't want to do it on camera I
respect that
think about it
ah
minus
fun
I goodbye
live
I can't lie
I
I can five
I can fight
I can find
I got blood
so the last time I tried to grow pizza
turned out to be a complete disaster I'm
going in now working against nature are
you gonna go swimming go swimmin mark
what are you doing hmm what are you
doing okay guys we'll know if you check
out his a gear that he's got going on to
specialist you're being so patient for
pizza well the thing is it's going to
completely burn a walkway I know it well
telling me to pizza master doesn't that
camera look so much better oh yeah I you
can't break it rousing success nothing
is burned got salad to offset the uh
yeah the terribleness of pizza it
doesn't exist sec
oh I scared you I know sorry buddy and
unfortunately kind of tickled him with
the little string that's connected to
the camera sorry I'm looking for my dead
sleep don't give me that look he's like
mom you're an asshole crazy there
anyways so guys thank you so much for
watching we hope you really liked
everything today we did a little a few
little grown-up things along with well
some boyish things cuz you know Charles
Trippy anyways thank you so much for
watching make sure that if you guys are
new go ahead and hit that subscribe
button and we love you doodles
I like my ideal example
hey babe hi guys HYFR judgment here's my
egg right here okay now it's time for
Ali beg it reminds me of dinosaurs the
TV show all right kind of like because i
think is a sick thing but yeah so our
first Easter together guys what do you
think is mine better or valleys better
boys mine better cool though 12
