we have lost Danny so Duncan try this
and I are going home pretty early right
now happy easter by the way I don't get
it it's a rabbit you know I don't get it
either he's turning around it I don't
like it but you're cold kill it it's not
a pet there's airports like ghost town
is nobody at the airport right now just
waiting on this guy
reset almost off don't need anything
so stuff flying into sarasota i decided
to fly them the Tampa should I go get
some stuff done mom out there and I
wanted my boat oh just want you home I
just want to stand in the Sun right now
ah son I missed you no more snow for me
up since four o'clock going back to back
it's so funny as I go back to bed she's
getting up so Zoe got a bunch of tennis
balls for Easter and Alli was saying at
six in the morning she was known i was
sleeping and I like felt my art be
touched and she was like scenario so
many since I feel yellow ball and she's
like right here transit around she's
like I wanna play you want to play at
six in the morning just got you she's
not the big mouth like Kobe for to mouth
go away you don't talk on the red ball
please Zoe come on Berkey ball here the
ball thank you don't buy the blue one
confuse the hell out her you're going
over oh you're right so you go home
you're drunk go home you're drunk
so I don't know which one jason reitman
oh good I was terse so happy remember
when I was showing you that video of her
with a stick a long time ago yes like
she is right there okay cleaning out the
river get it up molly is now in charge
of all the toys now if you look
carefully zoey is now Sonny along with
Ali get all that son so how good thank
without a man little does she know the
pile of pretzels are two of her right I
think she can beat you in staring
contest ready three two one go we're
heading home because we are gonna go
make some Easter eggs I've never done it
before guys Easter eggs I'm a little
poop an egg it's going to be big just a
romantic
who are these guys who are these guys hi
hi that's huge huh you give it a jump
right over soon hi I haven't really got
to see you but what hello oh you're you
you're getting straight up air now dude
well watch out for the quantum oh my god
oh my gosh you gotta calm down all right
you sound like a girl don't don't do it
do you did it you just solidified it you
are now getting a bath there's the
Easter Bunny very she sees something
else there's a beautiful sunset so I
figure you know what I'm home might as
well try to do this nope you got stay
inside we don't have a fenced-in yard
yet Alli looks like that's all Zoey
wanted just wanted to hang out in the
pool and cool down
oh my god it did it what's going on sad
Easter bunnies nobody wants to hop with
you know bunny loves you use only one
alone you're so funny menu oh look how
cute you are so this is always spend our
happy to look at you a little rabbit
look at you we're big heavy rabbit
family knows how over here you have to
put it in water you know what's funny is
they had no directions on food colouring
like four eggs no Charles um you dummy
you just your dad your whole tongue
green look at me i might look like a
child but this one acts like it's not so
cool so we got the basic colors we were
all did read i'm a strongly resisted
yellow yes you had two jobs was the
other job to grab more paper towels sure
into this was not in the job description
that's water what do i need this because
I'm leaking so honey honey honey I get
sent to do all the crap wait I got 44
glasses Oh ball look at that cuz we're
gonna make a purple just give me some
drunk Easter eggs baby that is way too
much our internet so here's the deal
we're gonna have a competition and
you're going to vote if mines better
you're gonna say Charles if Ali's better
you're going to say Charles gentle
cheers egg tears mmm
I thought was on the web for googled you
add vinegar to food coloring when
diagnose oh man I knew each kid this one
day what it's Travis oh my god you're so
strange hi bad yeah you gotta add
vinegar oh look look he follow the fuck
I kind of like my I think it looks
painful I like yours thanks then all
right guys time for judgment here's my
egg right here okay let me do mine here
that melts time for Ali's egg there
reminds me of dinosaurs the TV show I
don't know I kind of liked it cuz I
think it looks like stained glass yeah
so our first Easter together guys what
do you think is mine better or as Ali's
better or is mine better school though
one two three I did that right there on
your forehead how many good he's on
easter egg oh I like oh you're like
internet look it's easter egg look at me
Hey look at it's right here Oh colorful
funny Queen lace thanks I know about
that Easter Bunny all i know is that
place east of my legs no i don't know
about that East ability I don't really
know that that's really funny no honey
all right all right so this is why you
do hard-boiled eggs even a little it
kind of breaks oh shit shit shit shit ah
he's really funny no what no what to say
about the peace of mind select leg egg
please just a bunny I like to depth at
Easter Bunny like to lay them a fair
telefona fun and it's super line if you
don't hard boil eggs are burning alright
guys I hope you had a wonderful
wonderful easter if you celebrate or
just a great sunday today right now is
the last last day of the fifty percent
off sale at CTFxC merge com so if you
guys are planning on getting it today is
the absolute last day so hope you guys
had a wonderful day and we will see you
guys tomorrow as always
too much energy see we said I bali your
ball and i was like walking out of came
out here and look what's going on
she's playing catch with her cat oh
really now you're not going to do it
