good morning guys I'm kind of rushing
right now a Leland's and Mike that was I
didn't watch like half an hour so that
way I have to go get all this kind of
taken care of in the next 30 minutes do
they go pick up at the airport
super rushing I think I can get it done
it's 146 she lands very soon so I got to
get going
otherwise I'm gonna be thanked what you
want you've become a beggar because you
have
oh yeah a pink bag it was there was a
tree because I don't know a park because
I know first I felt Neverland yep nobody
wants it
really okay so we're five he's here
Oh should we do the away yeah that's
definitely ass I'm not too lost I found
her way and she's out of here watch out
cos Marley is scary again Marley stop
scaring her all day today and kind of
hit me when I picked up Ali not feeling
too good so I just took a 30-minute nap
and I broke the bed last night
honestly we're temporary fixing the bed
every no yeah I have a good idea though
I think I have a right would you keep
break and we just keep setting you back
up this is gonna be a fix what could
happen it what I'm worried about it's
like the dog or cat get into there be
blind by my sweet-ass
I won't just for loan cucumbers I mean
yeah these something more sturdy like
this that's what we need fence post we
need to get a couple of these because
those won't fall roughly like that do we
have to buy a whole one is the finance
part if you look right there on my
shoulder like I literally want every one
of these the cheaper ones the one thing
we needed to get the more expensive one
and that's actually really fun mm-hmm
sure so they can't cut it with the
electrical one but we found these I
think this one might be a little bit
better so I'm gonna put you guys over
here and you guys make sure we don't do
our self
we did it
I'm fairly confident a screw was afraid
of screwing it up this is what it was
that's 37
tells the twin
doesn't look pretty stupid cat what are
you doing up there
watch smart a bit all right one two
that's in there sweet
I'm gonna do what I do the girls there
we go oh now we got to see it how long
it takes
come on Rica boop boop I think you're
just enjoying it in there I don't think
she wants to come out
lately what she does is she runs and
Boop's around the face and then men's
away wait for it maybe she won't do it
wasting a lot of SD card footage blood I
don't know why she does this to Marley
all the time oh that was a very polite
attack this was this being good over
here this one I think I just caught her
eating poop again chopping so freakin
gross mother you shamed that face needs
to be on a poster does it says yes I eat
poop turning it a little cold out and
she's getting bit now she's like 2
pounds probably up 3 pounds now it's
cooler out because I keep saying the cat
keeps shaking I experienced your pain
northerners yes I know you're cold you
made my my bones quiver you think she
could fit in it there you're through you
know you'll put your foot through cat in
a sweater
cat in a sweater she's still wearing it
all right so she's still a little too
tiny get some water
you lose it okay I want to try again
yeah she's too small for it still she
over here begging to look at this
they're both begging now oh three of
them so we this is your fault too
yesterday I realized I screw up so bad
with the editing I didn't realize until
the video already went up but I did so
many double clips I think I even did a
triple clip in there mistakes like
mistakes or restarts in the vlog
yesterday so you haven't got like I just
said you kind of got the
behind-the-scenes of what happens when I
bring get scrambled I go run through
everything and music to a cut it down
turn it montage G you know out all the
little bells and whistles to it so that
and then I and I make sure that none of
those things like actually happened
but I wasn't here this morning it was
all me screwing that up I didn't have
well I didn't have quality control going
on but I hope you guys enjoyed
yesterday's video anyway despite that
yeah I luckily it happened at the end of
the video but yeah I just wanted to say
that because I was editing today's video
I'm going to make sure I don't do that
again
even though it's kind of funny I should
keep all screw-ups in all
all screw-ups should be in the video the
video will probably be like 40 minutes
long but maybe one day he'll actually
try we should just do a completely
unedited vlog like every clip that we do
just goes in raw it would be so long and
possibly super embarrassing actually
yeah I see right there I just screwed it
up in the comments tell me yes or no
maybe maybe we might try it try
something new it might be completely
embarrassing a terrible idea but worth a
shot
