yeah angle angle can't come back thank
you come on hi I'm gonna go get my hair
did I know for a lot of guys out there
like okay you're being like super
dramatic I don't even know why you're
even telling us it to cut your hair so
doesn't looked over but I have cut off
this has been confirmed seven inches
seven inches in the past two months this
is huge for me my hair's up in this
short since I was in eighth grade just
so that you guys know he is still
pooping in there did you guys see Ali's
beautiful hair
it's like a hair model this is gonna say
I bet you can't do that without falling
over now whoa it looks good babe I
really do like it Thanks heavy those
that face your dessert oh we always love
you is Marley uh you're Kevin Costner
what are you looking for Zoe she she it
was there bear I always think Zoe's
crazy when she's looking under the couch
or the sofa for those who will say sofa
but she always knows what she wants does
anybody say Davenport I've my grandma
did yeah with a small kiss she shall
wake ah you're poking me you're the one
who tells me how to shave my beard I
know I'm just said I'm not waking right
now nowicki no Marley looks like a
bodyguard now everyone behind the velvet
rope please Marley you need to wear
pants use your legs okay get across the
legs Miley all right day too I feel like
this one I'd have to have like snake
boots all the time there's like no yard
though I'll the dogs would have a very
very small poop place
fighters
I just put me out
I don't like this don't like this at all
the spider webs everywhere give ali a
spider written flower it's cool it's got
one of those nice little quaint red
doors I got you a flower might have a
spider we wait till the camera turns off
and then look she's alive laughs oh I
thought hungry
a hungry lizard yeah let's hurt or don't
cross
you up all in my grill right now
right my mom picking up the flower you
on the ground I know but there's just
bugs in this was trying to be nice
lizards full bar for the non drinker we
could put a lot of root beer back here
is the only thing I'm worried about this
like newly are for the girls and boy
I've set up for my this will be Marley's
doghouse okay that's creepy do I play
this is a deep pool it's like a lake
back here look at you see the trees
growing into the pool honey that's not
fun
hello got though I don't get it you come
with the house oh my god you bigger than
Marley hey no door for pooping yep star
right here and over there can't take up
that whole room look at this whole room
best yeah look at this giant room it's a
five bedroom okay I getting that again I
promise it won't turn off her hot this
would be a good you would just like have
to drain it and it's a perfect like
skateboarding pool it's like one of
those pools that you just want to dive
in no way too big what do you think I I
think it's way too big wait like the way
beyond those neighborhood this pools to
fuckin be no the pool is not too big I
mean I'd say it is pretty hurtful and to
jump right off the ledge just know this
is the pools of perfect size I love big
pools I mean don't you know I love
really what about Tessa well I you
pissing me off
you're stupid
husband
we didn't have we had to come back so
you put a table here you put a pinball
machine somewhere here go check upstairs
yes we'll get an elevator for Zoey
marlane diesel see if the bathtub works
better see the Hockomock she got so much
good here today so worth it watching my
mom try to look over a fence part of the
funniest and cutest thing in the world
Allie what is this you know everything
about nature what the hell is this thing
oh now which was here catch
honey please mom Thank fast ready you're
such a liar you're so mean to your
mother and me your mama hot heart attack
diamond cluster this is where we could
put you know right here right there this
is where you go we're going on like open
I don't know you want to sit in it gotta
make sure the waters on your probably
trying to get somebody already here's
the funny part listen you see this
closet your big ass this is cushioning
you've got to go does it work take fast
got it I'm is my favorite thing to do
with Kobe Kobe you drunk Kobe are you
drunk yeah I'm wasted special
assessments since we don't know about
the my mom's helping me with this whole
situation it's kind of exciting guys
isn't it it's really exciting goes well
you excited Marlon look at me look
excited rah Kobe you drunk are you drunk
did Sarah
all right focus inspections is there
anything on here that the check to make
sure it's not a burial ground or
anything like that I don't know pacinos
then you leave something on a like a
realtor thing is this on an inch ancient
burial ground oh there goes yeah you
want to make sure there's no ghost mouse
yeah he recommended a Ghostbuster said
we can have film inspect I think Bill
Murray should be here there we go there
we go say I can do it for a minimal fee
wearing the same shirt from yesterday
and let me let me just go ahead and
let's just do a close-up okay guys let's
focus right smell it it smells good well
look what Philly suid he's ironing a
shirt rich are you're such an angel this
is a limited supply limited quantity
positive vibes your way that's my hand
Oh recognize that here ah look at that
thank God because you were starting to
smell filthy DD Terry oh yeah like how
I'm just gonna do this after just felt
you kind of look like an angel right now
you're not just like yeah this like you
give this beautiful glow on your face
and then you step back and I realize
that that's a lie these bread so
tomorrow we have a show in New York
luckily it's just a one-off and I don't
have to pack a bunch of stuff I just
literally need probably pants underwear
socks and a shirt there we go not to be
packing shirt check no I don't like that
shirt I don't like that black shirt
there's got to be a better black shirt
do you want to tell us about the fifty
percent off set yes I guys it ends on
monday ends on monday no but seriously
guys the CTFxC mercom sale where we did
for 50 / selves we're just fifty percent
off all the shirts the hoodies the
beanies and at the iphone cases a couple
other things that sale is going to end
monday so if you want to get those
shirts and stuff like that fifty percent
off CTFxC merge calm last time we'll say
it monday Monday
the face with a beggar Louis Zoe we're
on the same team she always gives you
away yeah good luck I'm going to go to
bed tomorrow I have to wake up at 6am to
go to New York so I will see you guys on
these alleys gotta wake up 6am I've
gotta wake up at 6am pretty mainly an
awesome sandwich on a Saturday alright
guys I hope you enjoyed today's video
don't forget to subscribe you guys are
brand new and I will see you guys
tomorrow OOP doodles you're a lucky
fellow like that haha
you didn't even taste it taste it this
time Tyson Tyson hey things can we be
like you so much time you got a half to
share time I know you
yeah I know you miss your mom all right
Internet well it's time to go to bed we
were puppy sitting right now and there's
my show you something ready so he's so
sleepy
okay squirrel let's go
