good morning Internet we are going home
ready Dan yes Ben
April Fool's we're not going home I was
some day today's the worst day to be on
the Internet
I'm not going online at all today I
don't so they I'm gullible I believe
everything just got to the airport and
Ben and I already know coming up today
we were gonna call hunter and tell him
to the pilot wanted to fly him home
earlier we felt that was a little mean
April Fool's Day which is still time we
should like prank that era it's so early
I almost gave my hotel key he has my ID
let's go home
what's that behind you no work there
forever
what's up the magic come on play play
long nobody wants to play apparently
nobody likes each other
colas over here Danny's way over there
just us three
now April Fool push you off the
tournament it's like the worst break
ever
it's called panic it's not Prince Drive
this is too white we can't figure out
what the number is
it's three hundred and thirtysomething
we just can't figure out what it is to
do some photoshopping
official hey double that 731 miles per
hour
Danny just doesn't like the play right
so rather than going to the be terminal
which doesn't have anything as far as
like food or like the sky clubs are like
closets we decided to stay in the
international one because that's a big
comfy red chairs alleys waking up right
now and she has no idea that we're on
the way home
so I think I'm gonna like do a little
April full stroke but I can't come home
tonight good morning good morning
sunshine
I have some bad news
I can't come home until next week no I
can't shut the toilet
we got booked for another bunch of shows
then I'm a terrible liar
every time I lie just gives a big grin
on my face does it touch these things
because they have somebody
deserve
let's touch
or
exactly life in it one more flight and
we're going home
and Danny Knight won the lottery 32d hey
hi guys oh my gosh as you can imagine
the first thing when I get home the
girls want to play oh okay what what do
you want to do yep
you can't play Jenga you have thumbs
well we don't have mousetrap so he's
always fair game in the world that was a
fight all your eyes water
well dry rocket
let's give to the fish done playing
you're in the bud now we got to go I got
to replace this camera which one that
little white one yeah oh wait wait wait
yes sir
guess I'm supposed to be in there we're
trying to leave
oh yes we got to go I'm glad you guys
washed your feet really quick guys I
just wanted to tell you about this
little team-up we're doing we're teaming
up with roadtrip nation for the
pre-order of their book it's called road
map can you guys read it so bro that
it's kind of like it says right here to
get it together got for figuring out
what you want to do with your life it's
kind of one of those things I liked it
because it kind of reminded myself about
you know 10 years ago when I was doing
these videos online I didn't know what I
wanted to do I was in college I
graduated college what I did was I kind
of just explored and took a chance at
making videos and it turned into the
CTFxC and everything else because
everyone struggles with that what am I
gonna do in life you know I mean but
nobody ever likes its sits down ago what
do I like to do in life I think this is
a really awesome book on top of that
since we partnered up with them they're
gonna give a poster every single person
who gets this book like pre-orders this
book you just email a copy or your seed
to what's on the screen right here and
you'll get a poster and you'll get a
poster every single one of you guys will
get a poster with one of my favorite
like quotes it kind of like represents
how I feel you don't like represents Who
I am but five of them that were going to
have specially signed so we're gonna do
this and this is one of five because of
this I have to say thank you to roadtrip
nation for like interacting with the
CTFxC and allowing you know posters and
stuff like that for buying a book I
think that's kind of cool if you need
more information the link is down there
in the description so go check it out
been home for three hours and we're
already at Home Depot got the plane
basically we need to get an air filter
and we need to clean the ceilings
completely April Fool oh very I'm really
loud here that's my work go back and
talk a role for the last clip apparently
made a lilo
she's okay I promise
look how can you like that's adorable
wake up pushy ballers stop it act like
an adult you know what I find on my
teeth or you know it what's that I mean
what suppose to Tyson Tyson josie ty be8
eautiful
Elliott feels insane she laughs at
nothing Tolleson option here editing is
users laughing about nothing she's about
a bit of funny like April Fool's prank
but it really would have been a
profitable
Oh
and I was in the shower and they stink
bombs in the bathroom laughing about you
laughing about that scenario in your
head
hello hello mr. pal okay wait what are
you doing goodnight
well guys we are going to head off and
go to sleep because we have to get up
pretty early tomorrow
um doctor's appointment November I
appointment
yeah MRI appointment we hope you guys
liked today's video if you did make sure
you hit the like button and if you're
new guys make sure you hit the subscribe
button and we will see you in the a.m.
for me the afternoon for him I'll be
damned
altogether well kind of
everything's me damn damn it tomorrow is
going to be the a.m. for you typically
it's not you guys all know that have a
good night guys have a good night guys
we love you too
doodles
Beibei hey I didn't see how do you get
out of the play place I'm just talking
to slide
I'm real I'm genuinely stuff and when
you think about what places
you know electrically put a little love
search it was what was fun at first
now I can't find my way out all right
I'll call you when I'm free
