good morning Internet look who I found
okay good morning looking at a beautiful
girl it's shell I feel like a cover a
lot of surface area with this girl right
here yeah
and you got the shell of a backpack good
morning Internet
I'm what the holy hit snacks with this
excuse me driver you go to Starbucks if
you think you're riding in that back
seat look at the new protection guys I
dare you oh oh look the protection fell
down money free money
hey do you need some batteries
our bulbs they're so expected I'm going
to play anyway like a snake
gotta play guys baguette hide because
I'm not supposed to be in here ok
everyone Shh nobody tell anyone I can go
higher wait wait how the hell do I get
on that one
these are awesome this is fucking cool
nobody could see me up here now not even
my mom
this was a lot harder than I did that
slide I wanted
it's the only way to deal with my 6 feet
tall
I'll hold the shocking King your backup
hey hey I need you how do you get out of
a play place I'm stuck in the slide
cocks I'm genuinely stuck and playing
these things out play places you know
like it was what was fun at first now I
can't find my way out
all right I'll call you what I'm free I
just farted
I think you guys I think some of you
guys think I'm overreacting but
seriously go in a play place if you're
over 6 feet tall and see how it works
it's not a place it's not a place for
the big where's that damn slide
Wow all right boys this lad oh there it
is I almost Danny was telling me the
whole time I was up in that play place
there's a mom and a kid just watching
like there's like no way juniors going
up there before the show and just check
out the local local shop Arif so to make
sure snacks feels a little going welcome
and the we the kings tribe I figured you
know since his name of snacks them a
shirt that has a giant donut right now
enough playing around time to get
serious Charles got a vehicle the guys
get in the car and go play a show and
tomorrow you're going home which is good
because I cannot wait to see Ali and the
girls I'd miss them all very very much
and hopefully they haven't pooped on the
floor including out it's like an old
town big concert we the Kings so I'm
just sitting here right now guys it's a
big fancy chair
I'm drinking my non-alcoholic beer that
has 0.5% alcohol I stood up and I just
realized but believe it or not I feel a
little buzz buzz bloodlust because
there's been like three camera or the
last time I drank alcohol Internet was
all it's got it on camera anyone on the
Internet
no the last time I drink out Internet
does anyone I think the last time was
2011 New Year's Eve where we did the
stacks of a cans and when I was doing
the Internet
so I figured Duncan needed a new back
figured that would be a better
background for him this for Duncan is
Duncan's new background there you go
look how good it fits been perfect
perfect snack sir 172 weeks next yeah
every time you see snacks guys give them
a snack
so today is a day of gift-giving so
Travis apparently got me a gift is in
New York City yesterday I saw the thing
and you know when you see something and
it makes you think of a person this
directly made me think of myself better
is Charles so I decided I had a big you
know thing I was like do I be a good
friend or gonna be selfish I'm choosing
to be a good friend so what do you think
this is from New York yeah let me set it
up is it a caricature of you you go
ahead and actually uh you know I'll set
it all up that sandy have we piqued your
interest no I know you have people get
on in here I don't know this is gonna
focus well when the lights come on yes
oh my god amazing dude
coolest thing you can ever come across
in New York City I'm alright oh my god
that is amazing every light works come
here buddy thank you you're welcome
I saw it I was like man charnel is pro
and want anything else in life uh no no
just a pizza sign I'm gonna put that in
the front of house so people put her up
every time I turn it on Ali has a big
pizza
like what for dinner Oh make me a slice
be like it see you I'm with you
everywhere you go Duncan I totally need
a cherry to completely fight right now
or 11 dan you got some - what you got
some fighting force or you got some
swords over there yeah these were like
my favorite things as a kid as fast
because they actually hurt
the umbrella so if you look at the think
of an umbrella it's actually pretty
intricate you want to mean like there's
a lot going on
alright guys I don't think we formally
introduced our other member we the Kings
this is Dan hello guess already no
snacks
well we haven't seen much of Dan it's
been worries been busy he's been busy so
I just want to make sure you guys know
Dan now the next time at a show you'll
be able to put data face the face to his
name so next time you see him say hi and
we've snacks give them snacks
this is how we get Travis to go come on
follow it like a gecko make sure it
doesn't turn yeah sometimes you just got
a blind eye it's tough love guys there
you go look at that hey down your dog
they are right here
there we go so the show was fun now I'm
just waiting for Dan Duncan and snacks
so we can go back to the hotel alone by
myself and this is somebody do the other
day but I feel like I want to try it
again if you guys have snapchat open up
right now pause the screen and then take
a photo and we will be friends forever
on snapchat I think that's how it works
believing you you don't in here you
stuck here did you ride Liga we did
leave you pal automatic doors freaked me
out a press it into like three seconds
later starts closing what if there was a
zombie apocalypse and you could just cut
in the console eight o'clock scared the
shit out of me oh my god leave him here
oh my dude my heart is racing right
what does I pull up next to this truck
will you stand oh my god Ali saw this
truck yesterday that's coffee on the
interstate
congratulations Thank You Travis for the
pizza sign oh thank you very very much
the Travis trough for the pizza sign it
doesn't count if I have to remind you
let's not lit up right now
screw you're humping we got pizza he's
gotta be ready for you he's ready I'm
gonna tell her oh my god there's two
Reds you know how this I got this scar
where's playing and Ninja Turtles geo
Donatello is dead
and the guy I heard that do you know
that for the first time ever band is
going to say toodles Rudy tennis
toodles goodnight guys now slowly bend
over let slowly put it in your mouth
I just realized why I said how many more
hours we got about four more hours
see what ali's doing
yeah we got out there
be so fucking on I was Noble
my best attempt neighbors knew each
other
instead they get to drinking coffee
