good morning Internet hard road trip
made it on a road for about 3 minutes
already going for a pit stop it's Dora
it's a fun fact the things sprinkled
donut never was in the Simpsons until
the movie true so true so 20 fat fun
fact now you know
Danny's on a gluten-free diet like eat a
bunch of carbs so still eat some that is
a lie
so you're saying hey Zach will see the
delay on this thing ready
she's going down all the way to Virginia
is honking a horn he pulled over look
what's up against lock yeah it's
still going hold your breath is that the
one from England France our internet i'm
about to make your brain explode
doesn't help them bouncing all over the
place snacks drive drive a lot smoother
try to show the internet something you
ticket know how we're traveling in a
minivan there's a minivan and Disney
song soon dude it's not real helpers of
Beverly Hills a farm this house
traveling HP that's be good that's a
good one the first thing Ben does my see
him as he gives me sees his pants yes
you always have to test it not so bad
but my fingerprints on it now IDO see
hell yeah I'm gonna risk it guys
hopefully no one steals my phone it's
almost dead so I have to do this well
that's that padding in instalado I'll
hide it up here I'm gonna hide it right
there no one so I wanted to try this is
unfiltered ginger ale so it's got the
little chunks of ginger oh I apologize
sir ginger in jenin quite unfiltered all
right you're turning red there get your
now for snacks has those horrible
hiccups I had a South by Southwest all
right so want to put your mouth on
whatever top part oh dude I feel your
pain so you want to put your mouth on
the top part okay like that now slowly
bend over and slowly put it in your
mouth
I just realized I'm a drink first I just
realized what I said how many more hours
we got up four more hours let's see what
Ali's doing
this place feels like this where every
scary movies never filmed haha our
painting based off of ya look at that
house way up there dude yeah I think so
fucking awesome I was normal naked
drinking my vows to never seen each
other I was just at they gets drinking
coffee every day
hey Austin I need a walk outside drink
coffee make it where you're staying the
waves some sand oh my god fucking
awesome like right after like I'm glad
side man it's so dark in this house i am
going to be sitting on the couch i'm
going to be sitting there with my
computer i'm probably not gonna do much
besides that for today for the rest of
the evening but yeah awesome weekend and
kinda excited Charles comes home and I
think two days baby tomorrow I'm telling
you I really gonna work on this
girlfriend stuff oh yeah so we are gonna
go to bathroom and we're gonna relax big
things a little bit fair since I can't
drive but I'm not driving I'll be the
gas station attendant such a video on
Charles get it together Charles get it
together alright internet what doesn't
belong
crap I gotta make myself dinner I just
fed you guys i don't know what i want to
eat mmm iran deeds there it is guys to
see the fire Charles left his camera
inside of the van and he's now looking
for right now there's no idea where it's
at you have it hey go bud all right
internet we made it between snacks and
hondo we have successfully and safely
made it to roanoke sorry one more show
tomorrow I believe with the home
which is going to be nice because had
this alley and the girls so much right
now okay so I was really excited one
thing that really got me excited besides
seeing the girls dancing diesel um I
came home and there was packaged for me
which is very rare because usually if
there's any type of package it's usually
French are anyways so my friend Lydia
got me this awesome gulf and I really
really love it I really do I just I love
it okay so it says you guys it's gonna
be backwards for you okay can you see it
okay so it says haters gonna hate
obviously it's gonna be backwards for
you guys but again haters gonna hate she
knows I love coffee and I'm super
excited because now I'm gonna be
drinking out of this mug so much just
got to the hotel I had to call my nerdy
girlfriend as you pull your glasses up
off your nose miss you big old nerd knew
I don't want to see you where Zoey
Marley right hey move out of the way I
want to see Zoey Marley what cat crap is
that I'm getting hey mama shoulder Louie
your mom got a some Easter eggs these
things she should have hit him she
didn't hide him very well
maybe maybe she did I cut thousand it
tell me if you see I have a booger why'd
you say do a book come on day one he'll
have one here there he is he's back
alright we're waiting for Duncan's
krewella this is my cameo from a live
stream is my ultra there you are i don't
thing you're accidentally and you like
oh god oh god so this is the key to guys
and they don't have root beer floats but
they have ice cream and root beer so she
combined it for me your first one you
ever made it was off right
the whole really good well that was a
good throw what is that thing though
got that's a rubber baseball go in those
streets go get it Ben get it get it Oh
bring the ball never again hey Danny
ready yeah you ready yeah yeah we're
going alright Internet nevermind be
running to the wall tomorrow's our show
and then the next day going home so I'm
gonna finish editing the video cm
editing it's like what you just saw
right now it's like magic Shaw see you
guys tomorrow as always have a great
night and don't forget to subscribe as a
brand new see you guys doodles scream in
your pocket oh no I dropped it oh man
the iphone look at the size of that
battery in there
just the battery that's a big batter
right there glass shards everywhere that
the iphone 7 yeah basically guess it's
the only one he's such a dick big fat
cake is an asshole
