good morning Internet we're going to
looking out on a day off
this needs better elevator music so
we're hanging out with Jesse we're gonna
try to fly this thing up dating right
now so we're gonna make sure we don't
lose it he doesn't lose it
we got treats over here we got hunter
snacks and treat Jesse was like it
snacks coming over
well actually what do you say jeez
Jesse's like his treats coming over like
oh you mean snacks no it's my Wario to
the berry there we go or when you shave
your beard you'll be treats Oh what did
you just say pay for it and you'll get
it
Yeah right now that's fine where's the
tattoo place a shark eating pizza man so
Jesse and I went to go get some lunch I
want to get an apple pie apple pie guys
you could you could seriously like it's
like dogfish no yeah dr. shell had 120
IPAs alright so I gotta go get this
thing
replace guys I dropped it oh man drop my
phone look at the size of that battery
in there
that's a big so snacks okay
treats is getting some new pants as you
can see we totally ripped his pants and
Jesse is fixing this guy up dating this
guy so we can go try flying around we
were thinking about putting on a
building and having a pipe from his
window but we don't know how to get on a
building two heads accent here if I can
climb on something our old sound guy we
used to call him like the squirrel cuz
he could just fluff like climb up
anything moment of truth wow it's
talking to you too might wanna put on
the floor yeah I guess the update words
internet just like it one knows normal
we almost got it G has passed out
that's an officer camera but she knows
that Miller's
that reaction though that's like a swift
kick all right so we're all crammed in
whoo Jessie up front we're trying to fly
this thing before we lose the Sun right
now it's the golden hour 15 minutes just
Aaron yeah he does that all day long
he just stares on the corner over there
we're gonna see if this works I got the
other one
there's snow still here we got Gina here
for moral support and for the smart
support like when we're doing something
stupid she can tell us we're doing
something stupid all right so I'm gonna
be filming for this so I'm gonna put you
guys down right here
we didn't die we did it
we did it boobs dude bamboo little punk
though the guys went back to the hotel
and since I don't see these guys in a
while I'm just gonna hang out for a
little bit and just annoy them for a
little bit well I gotta fit that's also
taking their their Wi-Fi right now
because my phone as you guys saw I'm an
idiot and drop my phone and a broke and
rather than just replacing the screen
because it's it's really frustrating for
me because there's always a little ding
and I'm paying for the warranties I just
snapped it I snapped and it snapped I'm
sure you can go see it on Jessie's
Channel I think you filmed the whole
thing yeah the iPhone 6 does bend as you
guys will see over there
brothers causing problems over there so
Jesse figure it out that there's like a
simulator version of this which is so
much smarter considering all the times
that I've crashed mine who remembers a
time that I went in that little like a
little canoe that was an inflatable
canoe in alligator infested water anyone
remember that stupid so before I head
back to the hotel Gina wanted to make
sure I was nicely stuffed by this little
family dinner since you know on the road
I don't really get to eat much I don't
eat healthy no I don't either healthy
right now so we're having a nice little
family dinner I do that dessert
I'm not that dumb yeah thank you
I did that the Zoe wants to she popped
her head
bamboo nose is a weight you get up here
this is what you call nyla trying to be
nice for food well she doesn't know as I
have no food
oh now she knows I shouldn't have said
anything
those eyes now wait Gina say like trees
just say the word trees alright guys
well I gotta say bye to my really good
friends I'm Sutra brother buy your
sunglasses on because I got a line there
my hater blockers gotta make sure bamboo
doesn't slice me in the face
oh you want to put the door gonna go
with me no you could see here look at
snacks and Hunter
look like a fish what are you doing
there snacks
yeah he's a shark he's a shark why you
got that sea creatures on this arm cause
he's freaking sharks
all right guys I'm super behind with it
now but I just learned something really
cool I want all you guys who have
snapchats to open up your snapchat and
take a snap of this right here
everyone snapped this okay everyone take
a snapchat of this okay hopefully that
work and now we're friends on snapchat
why are you nice oh you put on Simpsons
for me because you know what it's coming
home
thanks Deary
so Danny and I are completely catching
up on our gossip right now this is one
of those moments where it's like I can
watch it if you can watch it it's kind
of sad some of the things we end up
watching just a couple of guys go back
to editing a barrel earlier I was
talking about chocolate milk as a kid
well Danny surprised me with some ice
cream
those little kid ice cream things what
do you think about Zayn leaving one
direction that the thickness of
awkwardly
like a shovel you're using a spoon has a
mini shovel
alright Internet well I'm going to go
for there's everything then go to bed
because tomorrow we have think it's like
an eight-hour track I don't even know
why I walked out we have like an eight
hour drive so I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always
bye guys I just creep down right there I
guess we didn't think about that
there you go buddy
now is it that I think Ben and I killed
that one
that looks so fun that was so button we
did we need Crisco
Duncan created a new game it's called
cow
