good morning Internet we are in the car
driving to Jersey for our show and I
just want to show you look at this in
Jersey we are in Jersey right now we we
made the cross we made the cross so
everyone is editing their videos right
now we all be productive because last
night was crazy
I feel super technological right now
like just the car it seems like we
should be in the CIA or something Danny
Travis obey it Travis and you shall
receive
Ashley's got our balls you got our balls
protect them wait I just realized what I
said Oh
focus focus focus so it's incredibly
amazing really we're going for a walk
good morning poor hunter looks so sad
these are like inflatable so he's just
sitting on one side
I love you my voice denied more Bunch
go swimming Oh double jump
don't thank me that I can get a guy that
spot you from behind you like a graceful
antenna yeah and we probably do just who
did that I'm not Travis Travis fucking
asshole anytime you want to had a bar
with friends or whatever like and they
say something you guys like yeah like me
going to like that personality of their
career that's crazy
you know your face is as big as your
your hands as big as your face we're
gonna fight it out we like that so hey
dude back in the day I love melody they
did they did the strong test didn't
punch you right in the face yeah yeah so
we finally made it to the MS whoo
there's like so many people that's crazy
see we should have brought these oh we
should have brought Cecil crazy so here
it is
team skinny mini yay so okay so we're
walking for my aunt Jamie and then her
favorite color was red say hi everybody
Danny told us their farm span is how
tall you are
yeah so it's right there isn't that nuts
yeah your arms are proportional slices
I'm on that wings bumper guards right
next to yours oh my god
that's crazy well I'll play this there
you go there sure is your wingspan let's
stand next to it oh you're actually kind
of taller than your wingspan you got
short arms ping-pong balls dude what I
guess we didn't think about that
what it's just gonna go out that was fun
there you go buddy
now it's this dad think Ben and I killed
that one that looks so fun that looks so
fun we did we need Crisco Duncan created
a new game couchsurfing yeah
look what you started Duncan no it does
go right here is the best place I think
we can move up the floor there it goes
don't feel good we should take this on
stage and the crowd are you feeling the
burn feeling the burn for a good cause
behind us it's pretty day so we made it
finally made it to the finish line it
wasn't that long of a walk but it was
good let's have fun - awesome awesome
look for our aunt Jaime's
damn skinny mini seams can even it bomb
bomb diggity dum
so the only person that I cannot be in
arm wrestling is Koli I can beat Jesse
can beat this whole band I don't know
what Monica I could be Jesse the loser
will have their hand smashed into a
sauce whether it be blue cheese or
barbecue sauce of shame a son wants
that's gonna linger linger I'm getting a
divorce if you lose stalemate
stalemate all right you guys can start
here we go Oh pull them into blue cheese
put him in the blue cheese Cole your
face is like close-up of the bicep Oh
one day calling one day I'll get you one
day I'll put blue cheese on your fingers
the worst part is now that's the kind of
smaller doesn't go way mm-hmm linear
swingers so I just got a notification my
drivers here and I'm not even kidding
I'm gonna show you guys his name is
Aladdin Aladdin is literally coming to
pick me up right now
please Jasmin's boom what you do late at
night just get some exercise
you're the adult
probably so we just got back from the
show I have freakin exhausted right now
between last night going out till 4:00
in the morning and today's show then
tomorrow we actually no tomorrow we're
gonna tomorrow we were gonna drive where
we decided to stay an extra day in
Philadelphia so useless
I didn't say toodles last night I'm an
idiot
it was the other thing I wanted to talk
about oh yeah if you guys have noticed I
kind of stopped using annotations on the
videos I've been using this little eye
thing if you look at the top left on the
screen there's that little eye if you
click that it shows yesterday's video
tomorrow's video the merchandise and all
this other cool fun stuff it's like
YouTube cards I figured I'd start using
that stuff and subdued the annotations
the annotations will always be at the
end of the video can always just be like
just click the I you know what I thought
I would reference something
well they plugged in my clock and reset
it anyway it's off see you guys tomorrow
as always I'll he just got safely to
Miami and what it'll call her right now
actually I wanna call her now a memory
she'll say tools it's like she's right
next to me isn't it crazy it's
technology anyway don't forget to
subscribe does a brand new I have a
great night everyone saying good night
you say total dammit this is what we
grew up with guys
Oh
he told me out
there's something that men to play guy
apparently at this game so Ben and I are
trying the old-school game of Tron
powering it believe
