good morning internet so first things
first Danny charter somewhere like
Michael Jordan stop Jordan do it look
I'll stupid this trash can is dumbest
trashcan I've ever seen in my life just
a comparison Oh go to Philly what you
would feel confused so thanks playing
your ipod get another plane for day off
and silly sir please hurry up sir oh no
I won't under bus
Dorsey but some Rick that usual
so right now I feel very very sorry for
spring breakers unfortunately this is
what you get to look forward to for the
last few weeks in March and then
beginning leaks in April tomorrow
hopefully this is not happening recent
being is that my cousin my sister and my
grandmother and I were all going to be
doing a walk in honor of my aunt my aunt
Jamie she had ms and of course she's not
with us anymore but we wanted to go
ahead and show her support such while
we're going to be doing a walk in the
morning so what I did is I was in charge
of getting the really funky and fun
socks which I have tons of them but I
thought it would be great just to add on
to my collection and then brought in
their collection we got donuts oh and
pineapples so yeah so we're gonna kind
of like mix and match with the doughnuts
in the pineapple my aunt's love fruits
and she'll antenna it's just like
everybody else so I know they're your
perfect that they weren't perfect it's
just a great way to depict the entire
you know personality of who she was and
that's exactly why I got this accident
guys one photo guys we can if we publish
one photo to Atlanta but Danny and I
have this new traps are you in on it too
wait okay who's in on it challenge is
sending on snapchat you have to send and
how fast you're going Charles has the
lead with 255 right now these snacks are
gonna do this you have to do it before
we lose service service or else you
can't send the staff and I won't tell
you that Frankie it's very tricky I do
it my voice adjust your mom's now it's
so cool sweetie this wine on the back
yeah i got mine so trav and I literally
the ledge oh yeah my necklace we see
mine right there
get it
we gonna be Danny
apparently Danny still is higher so I'm
still trying sorry for this man guys but
I'm going to keep doing this until
you're on over the truth 315 to 93 93
okay she 150 3769 miles per hour I need
you by a considerable amount wait like
your offense do a dead lift it yeah yeah
let's throw some this this was coming up
sir stand back come on let's all help
now thanks i put the camera down
my payback honour comes inside what's
wrong are you in dan is turning the
front z to a lazy boy all right let's go
sir I don't think you guys can see me ah
ok so ok hi sorry just get it all and
we're yeah seriously now you guys are
all itching yourself diesel are you
supposed to be up there Miley what are
you doing come here come here she's like
screw yourself and then I got Sodor over
here hey girl hey you Joe hi though what
are you doing say hi say hi like I love
it when it rains but sometimes when I
have things that I have to do I don't
want it to read on these days not these
days and the dogs aren't really thrilled
about it you guys aren't having fun are
you are on a mission right now to see
why or what video ok right now look at
this video so cute it's like the q's
video in the world right baby bunny
being nursed by a little thing still 42
dislikes so we're trying to find a video
of just anything with dislikes a Baxter
relaxes in the pool 4467 dislikes he
ain't here Baxter way why would anyone
dislike this video they hate us because
they ain't us did was the cutest thing
I've ever seen my life look what we
found guys nyla bamboo come here I
remember the last time I've seen you
guys play soccer awkward is kind of just
sitting it's just like it's it's gonna
eat your snacks those are the first time
I ever try essentially seafood but it's
a lobster roll never tried seafood no I
didn't want to cool once maybe
second time the first time I did it and
choked on a boat what do I never did it
again and what seemed to have hogfish
years old eat seafood is important now
we about to go to the barcade which is
like an arcade with old school new games
already been there one time but it was
cool you got to have activities at a bar
i hain't just going to allow bar and you
can't do anything just stand there and
drinking especially if you don't drink
you just like die guy
son of a bitch a little bit hot down 31
you on visit our childhood
I told you
bring it bitches in that face I'm
playing the role of grandpa right now
add the course all on my jacket I'm just
walking around any corner this is what
we grew up with guys this is all we had
get out of the way I'm fighting crime
boss
this may be so much fun all right flash
turn it over his truck he's I I was
talking shit this is the funnest week he
told me out whoo and
there's just some things on that mental
a guy apparently at this game so Ben and
I are trying the old school game of Tron
I'm having it believe it or not I've
never played ride ever
this is the problem with old school
arcade games is that they're so simple
like Mario is so simple they're so hard
that makes me sad the simplicity makes
it hard have you ever played Ron kind of
yeah Wow
oh you the other one
it seems like running around in armors
the least productive thing to do to
fight that's still cold for me yeah
that's go over 30 right now you're like
ha I was trippy huh baseball back friday
with us flashbackfriday back
for this game I'll just a cab right now
a loser has to slow down together
Oh
Oh
Oh
I
like four to three and the water sparse
they spill my fucking water oh wait oh
there's right there we're so good you
hey hey oh hi fight fight yes where's
the other two come here so it's gonna be
an early start tomorrow but i'll make
sure sure you guys have and then
tomorrow we are actually gonna do the
road trip so we are going to Miami oh
the one thing you said that would
actually been an accident the one thing
he asked you to do fuck you up on a
skateboard this is the most tempting
thing no I did it I did it I later not a
roll across the motherfuckin soon you're
gonna get problem
like a fucking childhood dream right
there I don't know you're here it's in
thirds for snacks over here used to be
an MMA fighter you Fanny Becky ok today
was a very good day off yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeahs going to go try to edit you
guys right now and then kind of get some
sleep because the show is tomorrow
anyway I hope you guys have a great
night don't forget to subscribe if you
guys are brand new and I will see you
guys tomorrow
at the Toyotas made me look cool this is
a good thing about the next your friends
guys is that you can just seriously you
know we don't mind are and what world
she did something
you can put your mind just a couple of
guys
here we go
in the class
said the podcast yes and it was good it
yeah well we hide Erica and there's on
the bathroom and they're successful oh
so excited this is really I'm so I'm
gonna walk in something together classes
