good morning Internet can you tell where
I'm at look hey Danny you know you're
supposed to be on a plane tonight
so that means more possibilities of
upgrades for me so I'm cool with it
do fish ever sleep never stops
they switch sides finally this is a new
side it doesn't boil it I asked if I can
fly I said no baby so you're saying
there's a chance
every time I walked through the airport
and I see another flight going back to
Tampa I I'm always tempted just to see
if I can get back on that flight and go
right back home it's always those times
I remember like really really super
tired just ask Duncan if that was ours
bit in the other side what is it the bin
sir your vagrant you can't be doing this
sir
yep Travis and I got on it good news you
and I made it guys good luck right hand
right foot and we are going to do the
podcast finally a lot of things are
going on this is a good thing about the
next your friend guys is that you can
just seriously you know you don't mind
her
so you can put yours on mine
get the couple of guys
here we go
in the class
you said hi the podcast yes and it was
good yeah it was really good at all
we hide America and there's in the
bathroom and there's stuff that Phil oh
I'm so excited this is really sad yeah
I'm so I'm gonna walk in summers ago you
should know what I want the classes
actually don't give me your most
expensive drink because I can't afford
it I'm actually gonna bring it in and
then you open it in front of them oh oh
this give me this then you're gonna make
sure that when I get a fellow's can put
it back in there Allie your muscles look
ripped right now let's check my ABS
accurate so sorry believe me we're gonna
go eat for some reason I don't believe
that Eric capital of the world
always use your lower back this is just
jerk it jerk it off the clean jerk ah my
favorite favorite cat hotels where they
give you the freakin cookies those
cookies
oh this is all you're doing here Apple I
glad those glasses on with that all
you're saying that's perfect soft jazz
Solly needed our four-hour drive to the
venue please be quiet I'm trying to be
are we there yet
Koli you're the dad are we there yet I'm
gonna show you the process
we stand
Oh God thank you and the process is done
before you guys even knew what was going
on
I
hi hi did you guys have fun today I'm so
sorry that I had to be gone for a little
bit
hi my bar hey girl how are you and
where's Zoe it's always way over there
so now I need to get all of my footage
together right and I look for a Best Buy
there pretty much nothing around this
entire area
Travis what'd you do to your camera
what'd you do to your camera ah how do
you do that we do the real question is
how did you do this even if it was my
camera I know that I cannot do something
like that to my camera you drop yours
religiously and that sound that it makes
it's just cringing no it's yeah it's
like you have like the crash pads yeah
and you're trying to revive it and your
cameras like saying like yeah I'm dead
take me back home like you let me die in
the ground listen to it it's super sad
but this that was cool it's not a
black-and-white TV no for you like no
shits yeah oh noes all right know the
truth guys see if it records
gallica take my pants off you guys want
to see Ben's tinder profile yeah later
look at this Santa there we go oh they
oh they Olleh Olleh be so emotionally
connected to it the internet what do you
think should it go with beard or
beardless you got the soccer player but
then you also got the baddest beard
right like yes do you chop down trees
this guy gets like women in menudo nice
nips dude you know isn't like leather
like tight are you guys all ready to go
sleep are you ready are you ready - are
you ready - guys please Zoe what about
you what what are you complaining about
what's going on I'm gonna take you
outside give me two seconds two seconds
uh golson's podcast yeah goes through
the podcast and I hope every day good
day good night and we'll see you
tomorrow
man versus light
the entire show I was having a freaky
battle with a light gun I turn around be
like right there I was kind of like with
Beavis was this somewhere so how a
Summerfest tour that's what it was
so Danny and I are driving actually I'm
sorry Danny's driving this yeah we're
heading back to the airport
it's good got the wheel for a second
season like a driving drunk driving feel
buddy that was incredibly dangerous do
not do that at home no other gas
stations were open it actually worked
pumps that stay open so I'm having the
worst day ever as far as a fat luck with
gadgets as you can see I broke the
camera now look like this is my kit my
phone good there I'll get her to send it
to me all right yeah tell them the
ironic part he was he had his case in
one in and his phone in the other he was
putting the case back on his phone and I
dropped it oh you're seconds away by
almost victory you enjoy that I just
look at this so pathetic I keep looking
at this camera little pathetic hey don't
touch any of my gadgets over here the
things this keeps feeling like I can
feel it's like focusing constantly now
I'll stay away from gadgets all right
guys I'll see you guys tomorrow as
always don't forget to subscribe you
guys are brand new and have a great
night I hold on Kansas wants to say
something
hey guys Kansas wants to say good night
putting my hand over my boobs I'm sorry
telly I'm sorry people we're realizing
more and more that Diesel's got the most
manly name but his bosses man card years
ago we've been traveling so much I
literally just now unpacked my suitcase
from Salt Lake City Sundance was that
Sonali was this Sundance I have to wake
up at like 4:00 or 5:00 in the morning
and do the whole flying
