playing with the pops yes you guys and
then I realized that I didn't give blood
after the last time my big chemo which
every time you go through dose of chemo
they do blood just make sure your I
don't know what they're really looking
for just basically to make sure you're
doing okay so I gotta grab a taxi really
quick because Ali's getting some stuff
done she's gonna st. people with our
family good afternoon we are gonna go
get healthy come on really
I can understand one of you but you I
look up to you as a role model for her
get up I was just like kind of thinking
about what type of music people listen
to when they exercise and I have a
friend that really loves like soft rock
music when she works out I could never
imagine like listening to soft rock or
jazz or anything like that when I'm
working out but I heard that a lot of
people do that they like the
soothingness of it but filming and
running not a good idea may but now I
can say that so I was talking more to
char about the whole road trip thing
like I said we're not really gonna give
too much away in regards to it like
we're not gonna really say when we're
gonna go or for how long it's been
something that I've wanted to do for a
long time and now chars like why don't I
just go with you so I think I could be
kind of cool adventure for us a new step
in our relationship because like I said
before char and I are very similar but
we're very different I can be outdoors
and and you know rough it a little bit
I'm not saying that he can he's done
work for but I don't really know that's
like incredibly roughing it but I know
that it is I've been
on tour with him once or twice and it's
done we completed two miles not much but
it's something
look what they did to me you're
protecting I know have you guys ever
seen the movie goofy movie a goofy movie
and there's those possums in it that's
what Marlee reminds me of look at that
right there
that's perfect exactly what you remind
me of those like little possums that are
all over the place in the goofy movie
that's Marlene right there if you've
never seen a goofy movie you are totally
losing something in your childhood right
now or adulthood don't like a nose you
do it how did I completely miss it
diesel look it I'm bleeding
so Ally is that the little dinner or
what I guess it's like a wake I'm
sliding inside puppy-sitting right now
hey you know what that means with you
I'm pushing you in the pool sir you are
going in the pool did you don't know how
to swim yet I'm pushing you in the pool
just don't tell your mom and I also just
looked at my calendar apparently I'm
gonna be gone for like a whole week
because it's kind of like a mini tour so
a mini college tour what sucks is I was
only planning to be away for like a day
maybe two or three days max
every time is very quiet you do
something very cute is happening or
something very bad but luckily this time
is rigged
were the three best friends that anybody
could have with the three best friends
that anybody could have were the three
best friends that anybody could have yep
well friends they're my bitches what is
that buddy what's out so it's coming for
you oh it's going under the bed okay now
he's got a hope it comes true how is it
so there's so many dog bones under here
show them how to be a dog oh okay I get
it tomorrow just comes a smacks it like
a little jerk I'm getting this thing I
just saw this it looks like something is
like crazy on fire so I just got to my
sisters and I have the one thing that I
was like super responsible for with this
grandma's cheesecake all of my family
like my immediate family is getting
together I'm kind of having the one
dinner that my grandma always loved to
make and yeah we're just around times
the crucial part of a vlogger making
sure before a long trip you have every
single thing you possibly need from in
Ethernet cable to a power supply to just
various cables to custom ear plugs I
didn't know why I had those most warp
core but also I have in here this
backpack has so many things in here
depends to extra I swear this is my
ativan it looks really bad I probably
should get rid of this I swear this is
my ativan but what it gets crushed up
looks a little questionable part I
should get rid of it before getting on a
plane I can just imagine sir what's this
I swear it's my ativan that boarding
passes for other planes
I got multiple chargers from cameras I
don't even have anymore
I'm thinking ahead so this is what my
little Graham used to make all the time
obviously there's a lot missing but it's
blueberry cheesecake it's phenomenal
but now middle dad's mom so our other
grandma we call her speak grandma
my grandma yeah it's funny yeah they're
both really little but we called my
dad's mom a big grandma and then a big
grandpa and then my mom's tired for
milligram a little hand plus or grant
little girl and plop some grandma and
Papa yeah like in Berkeley yep right now
Lincoln the cat that's my nephew and
they're stomp
Lincoln your weird cat not many cats
like water this weird chest does my and
he likes Tostitos I don't think so
it's like kids not air okay we're all
going on the Gulf quite ride even you
diesel come on diesel you know you get
up there get up jump up watch Zoe Zoe
get up tail she does do that
so apparently Marley's driving now we go
down mark hold on these are you getting
your boat legs lately I know where it's
cool eh somehow Marly drove us is Flo
Valley
don't stop wagging your tail so we
stopped by gonna tell you not allowed to
have fun Marley and I'll add that fun
you either diesel no one thought that
fun be careful any stops upside that's
fine no not all of this is yours and I'm
ready to the Manila right I got me some
it I'll tell you get that I'll take this
no I won't kill you okay believe
it it's a baby
oh we're worst guard dog ever there's
nobody at the door Zoey's such a sellout
yeah what do you think I'm putting my
hand over my boobs I'm sorry Zoe I'm
sorry diesel you're realizing more and
more that Diesel's got the most manly
name but he's lost his man card years
ago you okay we've been traveling so
much I literally just now unpacked my
suitcase from Salt Lake City
Sundance it was at Sun tally was at
Sundance I have to wake up at like 4:00
or 5:00 in the morning and do the whole
flying thing
oh and I think I'm gone for like three
or four or five days you gonna miss me
okay anyway where's more air she is they
wake you up I'm sorry
we're going to Kansas feeling a little
bit I'm trying to meet up with Jesse and
Jeana and then we're doing New York and
then Georgia
I don't bunch of cook bunch of colleges
and stuff like that so just follow us on
Twitter and snapchat so definitely don't
forget to subscribe if you guys are
brand new and we will see you guys
tomorrow as always oh I always
forget this
the shirts are half off right now that
their shirts there's hoodies
there's iPhone cases there's posters
there's babies I don't know this might
be a baby there or something like that
at CPAC Merce calm so we'll check it out
guys now I'm gonna go back doodles
shameless plug my impression of a movie
with Melanie be that Freddy
oh thank you all she's still there oh my
god my dog get my girl she get last
impression of my man
