hello everyone good morning sorry I'm in
a good mood right now because I wasn't
for a run on the one of the main roads
and this was in the middle of the road I
know it's not that big of a deal but I
thought the dollar a couple weeks ago or
a week ago and now I found that charger
that charger is probably a good 30 or 40
bucks so and it was on the main road so
there was no one I could give it back to
you so anyway anyway off to Orlando and
back now we got the long drive I was
good to go on earlier but it started
pouring rain so I kind of postponed it
plus I wanted to walk the dogs cuz I
don't know how long I'm gonna be because
I would've felt really guilty but alas
I'm on my way now I gotta pull an ally
though get a pit stopping at some
Starbucks even though I don't really get
coffee I just get the girly Frappuccino
I guess they're not girly they're just
delicious and I ran so I'm allowed to
have it you know I've got to watch my
figure weirder
yeah I'm actually really proud of myself
you know I don't want it like I don't
want to like talk like bla bla bla bla
like you know like look at me look at me
but like honestly I'm actually quite
proud of myself for the amount of
exercising and discipline I guess I
should say that I'm able to do this well
missing a day normally get super lazy
hathaway Ron I'm not this is not an
apple product or sment I wish I was
being paid to say this but I'd honestly
the Apple watch ever since I got it like
it's just turned into an I told you
before an awesome competition to where I
don't want to lose so I just keep
exercising like the best thing I ever
bought check it out guys Lazydays
you guys should all hit them up on their
social media and say that we should do
another trip because Ali and I really
want to do another trip they get to see
all the things that we didn't get to see
Glacier and Yosemite because if somebody
was on fire unfortunately when we were
traveling we couldn't really get there
but we should do another one sexy mini
tour
she's so sweet I just can't get another
decimal one I think I'm the baby
whisperer that looks like that married
good to see quite a few times birthday
girl
just possible go Taylor everything's
blowing off hook that scallops in there
but
you're dead man where's the 28th fastest
car ever style points
I got to see my niece over here she's a
shy one our she's the most serious
little child you ever seen Kinsley got
your anybody who holds her sounds like
she's got Jenny's attitude Kinsley's got
yours machine there's a smile yeah I
kind of smile oh we got it
Oh Taylor you're a big a professional
right now
I wanna I want a dachshund I want a
wiener dog
maybe a wiener dog I want to dive into
it like a diamond right now
hey Boston's are pretty good it's just
that the same there's no legs no legs
wrong it looks like something else there
bud
I'm glad you you know God thinks that
it's cool when did you buy it it's like
I remember when you were this tall kids
her sign she's found the first oh yeah I
got her to smile for the first time I
think it's my face Taylor is that your
sunset I like that Ellie I just want to
say that you were invited to our party
but you chose to meet your real family
that of our family and Charles is
currently stealing much chocolate yeah
you're like the Baby Whisperer I put her
to sleep she was uh she was not happy
right before this moment Charles and
choose a psyche okay were you doing all
the work that's cool so I'm gonna need
you to stay the night just like this and
inclement weather just to celebrate that
one birthday my mom's hitting on Charles
that baby looks a lot like you both look
at these toes I just got daddy's toes
she's gonna be hanging upside down in no
time
you gotta get those orthopedics used in
the eye Carter all right Charles we need
you put the rest of the babies to sleep
yeah my nephew my niece hated
chubby-cheeked uncle Charles always
wanted a boy there we go buddy
hi hi yeah I gotta get one of those
I'm tired it's okay dude buddy's hungry
yeah yeah Orlando traffic this is gonna
take me three hours to get home no big
deal I am out taking a little stroll
around my brother's neighborhood which I
know I started two guys yesterday it's
so adorable
Harley ended up having a little bit of
free time because I you know I was
watching the baby and then I was
watching the baby for my brother and now
he's inside snuggling with her and I
have to say it's so impressive for new
parents because you really do dedicate
every ounce of your time to these kids
and you don't even get the chance to
really do anything because you're so you
know consumed by your baby and you just
you're constantly with them so I wanted
to make sure that while I was here I
gave my brother and Carly the
opportunity to really just spend some
time with themselves and do the things
that they needed to do without feeling
that they needed to bring Lila with them
because it can be really it can be
really hard I mean when you bring a baby
anywhere you are packing up everything
that you own literally for the baby but
now that she's inside with Matt and
relaxing I'm just kind of walking around
this adorable adorable neighborhood
which by the way I don't know why but
some of the back of these houses remind
me of the house in beetlejuice which
coincidentally is one of my favorite
movies of all times I decided I walk
around I just gave tark Hall and I
actually leave tomorrow
so Carly and I are going to try and
spend a little bit of time together
later on and then we're gonna have
dinner tonight with the family and it's
gonna be really nice and I'm looking
forward to it and I I'm just having a
great time here
it looks like I'm evil right now use my
iPhone to
illuminate my face oh yeah today was
awesome I'm glad I got to do that drive
actually I'm sorry didn't that drive
sucked I'm glad to see everybody and
going for Jenny's birthday or surprise
party unfortunately I missed it because
it was on the frickin road the whole
time got to not meet Carter and like
obviously we were there when he was born
we got to see him after a couple months
and finally got to meet Kaia obviously
I'm like a wizard apparently I better go
to sleep obviously I'm like a wizard
apparently I made it go to sleep
although Travis he did most of work but
yeah now I get to meet Lila in less than
a month and I'm pretty stoked about that
too so it's crazy guys like all our
friends are just fathers and mothers
right now it's kind of crazy
that's when you realize that you're
growing up you know what I mean first
sign that you're growing up is that
what's the joke you're going to Home
Depot second sign is that you buy a
house third sign is when you're paying
off your car fourth sign is I think when
you have kids and everyone because it
becomes parents I'm sure there's a
couple other things in there that kind
of justify being like an adult not
justified but our steps to becoming an
adult so I probably missed some stuff
got another two and a half hour drive
Porsche and I didn't get to a seedbed
which I really wanted to go see snacks
I'll have to come back up I think I
might see him Monday hopefully by the
way the hometown show is going to be
after Christmas I think I think don't
hold me to it it might be December 27th
don't hold me I will let you guys know
as soon as it gets closer might be a
tentative date so just keep an eye out
if you guys have no idea what I'm
talking about
we the kings does the annual hometown
show which is always free this will be
the 10th one supposed to be
six-one I've been a part of it's always
special because we always have family
and friends we don't usually get to play
in front of them
very rarely work towards usually the
closest we kind of get where am I
supposed to go I will a guess now and
hopefully a bunch you guys will come to
the hometown show because it's always I
want to call it a drunken debauchery but
it's always a lot of fun but make sure
you come okay I guess I'm mixed hey
Marla come on Marley come on Oh what are
you wanting for Zoey what do you want to
say you hungry who's hungry okay Erica I
go alright now is I got a friend I
completely like a hurricane store I
don't wanna stay destroyed but I
definitely made myself at home and I
brought everything out here kind of made
a mess Ali comes home tomorrow morning
and I want to try to have everything I
actually was you you did it all didn't
you you'll tiny tiger yeah I'm blaming
you
yeah I just want to clean up some things
that way when she comes home she doesn't
have to deal with it maybe some laundry
and then kind of like and then kind of
like the dishes or stupid things like
that so anyway I'm gonna go do that I
will see you guys tomorrow as always I
hope you enjoyed today's video
I know I know today it was pretty much
babies galore but that's his life so
anyway I hope you enjoyed today's video
please don't forget to subscribe and
definitely click that like button for
all the cuteness so that was today have
a great night guys alright so my goal
right now is I got a friend I completely
like a hurricane destroy I don't say
destroy but I definitely made myself at
home and I brought everything out here
kind of made a mess so before Ali comes
home tomorrow morning and I want to try
to have everything I actually was you
you did it all didn't you
until tiny cat you'll tiny tiger yeah
I'm blaming you
but yeah
yeah I just want to like clean up things
too that way yeah I just want to clean
up some things yeah I just want to clean
up some things that way when she comes
home she doesn't have to deal with it
maybe some long jury maybe some laundry
and then kind of like the dishes or
stupid things like that
so anyway I'm gonna go do that I will
see you guys tomorrow as always I hope
you did too I hope you enjoyed today's
video I know I know today it was pretty
much babies galore but that's his life
so anyway hope you enjoyed today's video
please don't forget to subscribe and
definitely click that like button for
all the cuteness so that was today have
a great night guys
bye
