happy Tuesday everyone so I went to the
gym really quick so I'm on puppy detail
right right diesel come on squirrel
friend
so diesel about squirrel friend well
trust me without a leash okay okay don't
tell your mommy look at you you don't
need one
I probably listen better than her come I
gotta take a shower just stares at me
come on that's what the hell he did
everyone's ears are doing something
crazy right now
it's like the intro so something called
you uh an owl
oh hello Skyway oh I think that was on
camera right up his butthole Lee today
we are going to Ali's grandmother's
funeral it's why Ali sisters in town I
think I mentioned this last time when I
went to a friend of eyes daughter's
funeral that I always wear black but I
always like to do a hint of color like
so that's why hidden color to celebrate
life you know cuz you know I don't
understand the whole black thing I never
understood it something unusual about
this place I know them
generator Kaitlyn this is another time I
want to do it I might get carded but I'm
doing it see all the good stuff is
always under the kids stuff like I got
victory I got it got my corn dog I don't
even want this anymore I just wanted the
corn dog you want the chicken sandwich
screamo this is hardcore okay my
impression of screamo van would be like
I can't do it yeah but I was gonna come
in with a nice melody it'll be nice and
pretty
oh my god she left the kid oh my god oh
my god she's still there oh my god I
have my dog in my girl but she just
laughs oh I'm a trouble that six that's
the best impression of a screamer band
you'll ever hear
I was kind of like I don't know start
this I feel really weird earlier last
week
sharkon told you guys that there was
something happening with my grandma and
two ended up passing away and it's kind
of been like a rough two weeks rough we
can have to kind of really you know kind
of going through a lot family stuff a
lot of personal stuff with him it was
really tough I mean I think anybody
understands like when you lose somebody
you're not yourself like sometimes you
don't know how to deal with it you don't
and like I dealt with it in really weird
ways like some days I was really sad
some days I'm happy and fine like I kind
of didn't acknowledge it and there's
days when I was mad and and I
unfortunately Taurus other shitty into
that but I do not get on the bad side of
Ali I was talking to like Jenny and tell
Lindsey a while ago we were going to the
beach and like Jenny had brought up
something about how you know people look
at death is such a negative thing and
it's such a scary thing and how it
should be a beautiful thing and like how
it should be something that's more
praise like you praise their life like
the life that they lived and how you
know wonderful of a person they were how
they affected your life and you know I
didn't really think about that too much
until I did today you know and I heard
some people talking about my grandma and
like you know just sitting around
chatting with my sisters about my
grandma and just all the positive things
and it kind of made it a little bit more
real for me about how I need to focus
more on the positive rather than the
negative of the situation even though
it's really hard because it is really
hard like one thing I kept telling
Jarvis like I didn't want the vlogs to
be negative you know I didn't want them
to come off negative but it was really
hard for me these past couple days to be
in them because I wasn't myself I
basically told her that it doesn't
matter because these videos are Diaries
of our life so happy sad we have to put
it out there so that way when we
got it we can actually have the actual
diary stuff that you guys already know
but she's still kind of new to so it's
kind of explaining that's why we have to
keep doing these things and it doesn't
matter if the vlogs are short happy sad
glad try think of another thing for
we're adding boring like I was really
like kind of debating on sharing this
with you guys like even when he first
told you guys that I was having family
issues and that something was around my
grandma like I didn't want him to tell
but I am thankful because I appreciate
you guys like being so supportive it's
weird for me cuz I'm still trying to get
used to this whole you know people being
supportive that like okay people other
people being supported besides your
friends and your family as where that
sounds like like okay because I've
definitely been off and I know that when
I'm off it brokes off on you and vice
versa
you know when you're in a relationship I
think when somebody's feeling pain you
feel that pain too or when somebody's
happy you feel happy too or you know I
mean you really do you feed off of each
other and I think that these past couple
of days you know chars been trying to
make me more uppity and happy and I've
been sick so that kind of sucked too
but and she got me sick yeah but I'm
like trying not to cry because I don't I
don't want to cry because I I don't know
I don't really like to show that no yeah
but I just don't I don't like to show
that side so it's like so we just
basically wanted to kind of explain a
little bit what was going on today cuz I
know there was a huge gap in the video
like it was a morning and the nurse
night so Hallie kind of wanted to
explain what was going on with you guys
and and you know it kind of sucks
because I don't we don't you know one of
the big things I kept telling terms like
I just don't want them to think our life
is like negative or or the dreary or
anything like that just because you know
life happens and and things happen that
aren't always positive inflated life
yeah life is life but you know char
keeps reminding me and other people in
my life then I least expected her
reminding me that to find out the more
positive in the situation's you know
like like she's in a better
she would have loved to watch any of the
videos she would have if we got our
computers you're gonna loved it I'm
sorry if I've been like a little weird
and not of it like I said it's been kind
of like I feel like a lot of what you
guys have seen lately has been a little
choppy just because I've been asking you
trying to kind of respect my feelings
about not putting me in the vlog too
much because I just I haven't wanted to
but anyways
later no we're gonna end the night
positive so let's go make a cake out of
a watermelon we're gonna make a
watermelon cake guys we're supposed to
cut this watermelon it's eat the cool
you're gonna be sick last last let me do
that you got sick okay please do a
little too much more no that's good well
that's like oh my god they get it's
herpes you won't straight forward aren't
ya we sent this to us on a nerd on the
Internet cream but yeah I feel like if
you put like icing on a new weird baby
gross I feel like I would be a really
upset child yeah happy 10th birthday no
open up the cake cut the cake Oh what
are you doing she's like hitting me we
are going to go watch some cheesy movies
I hope you guys enjoyed today's video
and don't forget to subscribe you guys
are brand new and have a wonderful night
yes have a wonderful night thank you
guys love you
to say wait today in the video you know
it that was totally real no I'm gonna
choose to believe value I guess I go I'm
gonna choose to believe that was real
and on that note I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video and have a wonderful night
we'll see you guys tomorrow
doodles
thank you
of course
the
you're gonna do it
