good morning Internet you like that
little natural dramatic pause okay we're
flying - flying Flint Michigan Bulger
semi-pro jokes and then we're playing
the University of Michigan the first
things first it's the first time ever
just walking up this man and I'm through
just gonna start leaving these terrible
terrible things they say through I'm so
tired
Danny's head this is crushing in Atlanta
yeah hi this is my favorite thing about
Atlanta Airport the plane train because
the litter assist get on the plane train
what is the little jingle that down to
my sleep
get on the plane train wandering around
looking fine it's like a lost child we
wait for everyone else slowly we found
one more reach on the plane there dunk
oyster out there is you can find a
mother hat you had
the key there thank you
I'll be nice I'll go up it up
oh it will be husband cam and rather
than being rude I decided to switch my
seats
he's super what's going on Kenny G
hairstyles one time yeah literally this
is almost like a recreation right now
guys Kenny G was sitting just like this
and Dani and I were just like this
really holding look there's no way
there's no way and turned out to be
again how you do Google a carrot oh
hello
couldn't you see hello tool and there's
the crazy but and you're getting so big
how big you are
there's a big as Lola they go a long
tail flip miss a good Mega Ball
Swiss Michigan basketball for the
Michigan let's go tropics and we're
literally in Flint Michigan all of the
tropics
let's go tropics there's still snow on
the ground well out here but over there
I assure you I'm not lying you it's 30
degrees right now
it's crazy think yesterday I was like
swimming and hot sweat in my swimming
pool
now freezing cold I know right back
there hotel time oh my goodness
these beds are so freakin comfortable so
I'm gonna take a little rest a little
shut-eye if you will and then got a head
over to soundcheck first wait I got
upload the vlog first things first
again you found him angers our trusty
tour manager cool I just got the MSE Oh
hunter found you so look like anyway so
I grab diesel and we are heading back to
the house I was getting some work done
today and then I win helps my mom out at
her house my older sister's gonna be
coming in town
dude just some family stuff so we were
just getting everything ready today and
char is at Michigan State I think that's
what he saw and he was talking about
campus is like absolutely beautiful I'm
a little jealous Oh beautiful
all right we have no nerd rock today so
you have to piece everything together
no Hollow blue guys the draft no Hollow
blue or shenanigans just so you know
we've kind of a flashback right here do
you guys remember the whole Demi Lovato
tour I think that was in 2011 every day
was these one of these every day was an
auditorium like this and they were
progressively getting more and more
beautiful it sounds so good the only
problems that gotta get rid of all the
seats I'm gonna go on a little
exploratory adventure until I get bored
I think Danny's walking around doing a
podcast
Oh
so this is like in a video game giant
freight elevators if my childhood has
not lied to me a bunch of zombies are
gonna come out of this thing right now
great now I'm lost great great now I'm
lost cause this is a smaller one when
you find a camera on stages are there
Charles Danny your camera has been
hijacked it is now in my pocket
underneath my underwear thank you go get
the zip box go get the zip locks oh of
course I'll sign your shoe yeah I don't
want to be hit by his ball sack but I
want to see what I want to see how else
can ready to do an interview what was
your name one more time Leslie yeah I
got my prop I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do
it
breaking the rules we have a new member
of the company of CTFxC his name is
Duncan
he's now a full-fledged employee of the
CTFxC because you're but here Zoe hi so
they're smart and there's mr. Dees going
through weights here from char because
he's probably gonna call me and let me
know how the show went
back to the hotel the whole Oh hold on
very late to cuddle motel sir we also
nicknamed him Barbara's baseball and we
are now leaving for the hotel this is
the hotel Caravan trunk is still open
bus is coming oh no I was coming my nose
go get the chills you're gonna get those
random chills and if all you got those
chills when you pee
yeah you ever get a chill when you're
peeing maybe I have a seat like you're
like peeing and then just go like that
yeah yeah never remember that I think so
it is all over no okay me either
I gotta go either at all all right we're
leaving Michigan State University right
and they want to say goodnight my hands
it go back in my pocket guys Thanks
