good morning good morning good morning
good morning it's not morning it's still
fucking morning early afternoon is
morning
it's morning it's not when does morning
stop for you guys
it's morning no that's not true yeah
that's not true yeah so 11:59 a.m. is
still morning but that but 12 p.m. is
the very last minute second of the day
on your birthday I still your birthday
but then the day after it's not your
birthday okay anything at all a human
I'm gonna feel the dog probably would
accept me grandpa Inuyasha
in a car as you can see all right
back me up Internet can a dog you're
like seasickness or nausea the car
sickness II never said they couldn't but
your explanation of why she was jumping
on the floor as opposed jumping on the
seat
well one she's a little dog and it's
lower than the seat so of course she's
gonna jump to the floor
not because of Naja when a car is it
moving is look I'll clean the car looks
right now
see she has Naja that's my job that's
not that's why it's clean is that too
big
honey don't poke me there cuz I have no
job
don't look at me that way you're giving
me NASA the kids bill gets way better
stuff I got queso and chips a nice nice
burrito some apple juice the water and a
chocolate chip cookie life lesson guys
order from the kids menu if they don't
let you order from the kids menu that
means they're hiding something there's a
reason why you can't have it because
it's awesome
oh yeah we go to a strip club so we
decided we're gonna go to the local zoo
the Sarasota zoo and as I was making a
joke that it's right next to the strip
club so we're gonna see many types of
coolers today I haven't been here pie in
20 years
Grass Valley wants to get a giraffe and
hey baby got your flats on remember
going on field trips and everyone being
like so excited which trail you want to
go otter trail if you're the ones that
look at Marley all the time like a tasty
snack you're a mutant
you were super shredder so what did the
bad husband I will say to the wife owl
when she said Roger is going over dinner
I'm going off the trail babe look
there's a dinosaur lost in the jungle
and we sort of working devices so yes or
not I guess we're to have that loss if
we still have working devices right oh
my gosh I love the zoo this is the only
way you can communicate with a lemur we
like to party party we like to party
party enjoy it
I'm so sorry he's so strange he's just
sitting now I'm just enjoying my hey it
almost makes me so sad like just looking
at me like please let me out
that brother can you give me a lemur
that's cool hey buddy hey I'm gonna give
you a little bit of advice see those
little nuts and bolts if you turn those
counterclockwise yeah those right there
you couldn't turn those counterclockwise
no the other way because I gotta kiss my
ass you're so pretty look how he said hi
buddy
hey I just may see you wanna hug him
what is that we are at the jungle we are
in the jungle actually kind of funny
like I did not expect them to do that
but they come over like well yes sir we
do like the party I will listen to your
tune ally loves the zoo's hey duck
you're not supposed to be out there
you're ducking around get it you're
ducking security I've pulled it today
did you spit at you look how did it go
just spit at you look at that chicken
it's the Fabio of chickens is he coming
over here look at my stuff look at my
stuff hey ducks quit ducking security
get back in your cage and then this
chickens got the best hair style award
right there I got some fabulous little
chickens not there I swear if we ever
had a long legs yard we would just have
coats I think so I think that might be
how they do it hello I know
no thanks I tell them I know I know
yeah you put your finger there we'll see
what happens they gonna get over her
fear of birds but she loves flamingos
obviously the way she's dead
baby I think you just stand like them
you'd be okay yet the horns
hey babe whose job Wow nobody sir pretty
wide angles are paying pop yes the
shrimp yep I'm gonna name this one
Gilbert Gilbert cool huh he's getting it
good job bud come back every time make
sure you kill Verde but oh don't fight
me you big baby poor
take it she's a piece of grass she I
challenged you guys today early
something next couple days find
someplace in your area where you live
that you've never been to or haven't
gone since you were little and go there
excuse me mr. peacocks you security
security yeah you better run this is all
my damn pills I'm a freaking fart I'm a
pharmacist okay Gallagher watermelon hey
I told y'all so Mike hey it's okay
to buy new pots you know just a few
extra just a few extra a few bucks your
utensils a few pots to cook with you
could buy some Tupperware not a big deal
not unmanly to do these things just want
to show you what I'm actually cooking
with the pasta right now
yeah that's linguini in a wok linguini
and a la king and then I heard a little
mermaid outside do I got a mermaid
belly flop okay almost well you almost
had it
get up there champ we'll try again I
look I look like a poop I look like a
poop because this is why I look like a
poop because I'm good the blackness
under my eyes don't you freak anyway
alright guys well so the old man is
probably gonna be heading to bed soon I
figured that I would try and end the
vlog tonight we just wanted to say thank
you guys so much for watching if this is
your first time please remember if you
liked it make sure you hit the like
button make sure you subscribe you're in
Michigan I will see you guys in Michigan
okay he's really tired and delirious but
if you guys are in Michigan he will see
you guys tomorrow
which would be today sorry about the eye
makeup I'll remember next time toodles
