hello internet you gotta take the car
and get leg repaired or something like
that there's something that says you
slept in - no I slept in why do you
always have to put me into that category
hi my name's Charles Trippy I'm the one
who wakes up in the middle of the day I
believe your name is what however this
is how I woke up this morning exactly
we're late to drop up the car for an oil
Charles dammit we miss oil change again
it's kind of like one of those things on
under that think about home alone
perfect example below like where he's
like I think she says and then the
husband says we did it again no they
both say it okay you coming out with a
what is that oh I feel like a chameleon
right now I know though how do you get
back there stuck you know fat ass if you
fart if you fart on me I'm going to
probably high-five you oh yeah just by
all means little no jeez I hated movies
what I don't like emojis are you going
on record right now to say you hate
emojis I'm going on record I hate him
you choose she has gone on record
she hates emojis oh yeah like does it
mean that if you didn't give me a heart
emoji or a thumbs up emoji that you
didn't like me oh god the end of the
world you didn't give me a heart emoji
that means he doesn't like me
Oh God he didn't give me a smiley face
super Grinch emoji that means he's angry
I'd to Sun Fire Magic yeah of course you
do because there's one night I love you
you know like the super good was the
super green I've see some ladies tonight
should be having my baby bear baby bear
Holly where's your special ball he's
your special ball how they jump in just
go there she goes Marly Phelps going one
two three there's still one sweetie oh
good
the internet do you prefer to be the
little spoon or the big spoon you know
it's it's nice to be the little spoon
every once in a while you know what do
we you can do some of the big spooning
yes for that second very friendly we'll
take it out do your best impression of
me
teenager I was thinking a joke there's
so much stuff I was making a really bad
joke you had 12 or 13 items that the
lady let me through the 10 up 10 items
or less and Ali's giving me a hard time
how about some carnations remember in
school where you pay a dollar to get a
carnation sent to somebody or you put
the carnation in my food I and then all
of a sudden the carnations blue this is
just like an unnatural arrangement isn't
it silly
you left the book on the most you guys
want to see my idea of romantic right
here right here this is it anyway so I'm
going to take this go to bed
relax gives much much rest as I possibly
can so that way okay dahlias old
sickness and things like that also if
you guys didn't know I think I said this
last few vlogs that the CTFxC merged a
lot of the shirts and about a bunch of
the posters there's stuff like that or
like 50% off time to end the night and
since I'm on the chemo so I have to take
the stupid freaking poison like I always
call it I've been feeling really good
lately guys so that's a positive thing
so if you guys are brand new don't
forget to click the subscribe button and
we will see you guys tomorrow as always
I was perfectly planned by the way it
was babe let's took off your foot
