good morning guys sword swishing it
around this time I'm up first I got so
over here yeah you're cute too he'll be
here protecting Ellie so she's up and
the first thing we have to do because
she's not feeling too good we have to
get her some medicine you get the flu
what do you need
get some drugs yeah keep this thing out
here something smells so bad right now
oh I'm actually wearing one of the
shirts guys I just totally by accident
did not mean to do this but it's going
to seem like I did if you go to CTFxC
merge calm this and a bunch of other
shirts or fifty percent off right now
until they're sold out so you might want
to go check it out because they're
selling out pretty fast I know it seems
like oh look that I'm wearing a shirt
that's on sale not totally too I
actually put this on because it's for
sure I grabbed we need to get out of
some medicine my entire life I've never
seen this unique fruit they're
definitely unique I've never seen that
my entire life they want ginger are we
good
it came at the right time yeah right
secondly get home from all the traveling
sickness now I just gotta make sure I
don't get sitting
I know what no I'll repeal it
this is fun didn't want to make like
turkey burgers and stuff yeah that's fun
looking like a little heart ones oh my
gosh it's my watermelon heaven
everywhere watermelon living the good
Ally found hi that's pretty good that is
kind of funny gonna hop on in here
I think you can when you're sick or if
you're a kid it constitutes a ride who
wants to smell our basil leaves no one
Marley it's a peanut butter tree oh now
you want to smell it okay well guys are
avoiding it like the plague if I catch
you peeing on this I'm going to kick
your ass so we decided to get a little
bit more natural and get the actual
plant so we're not just killing the
leaves it smells so good you feel a
little bit better no sure Frank you
can't take care of somebody you must
have a doctor jacket that's pretty much
the things that I've learned in my life
hey okay what you're supposed to do
those are supposed to do that take that
and dissolve the entire thing in your
mouth
tastes like shit did you say I like a
chameleon absorb the Sun hey Marley
looks a little hot under there too and
now I gotta go put on my chefs off it
yeah I where admit oh man I many stylez
right now baby kaely on started a
sandwich crew doing go swimming Zoe's
already in the pool I thought I'd
Surprise them but it looks like Zoe
surprising me
I feel like the end hasselhoff baywatch
yeah I'm starting to get the hairy chest
on Myon I could eventually be him Marley
you jump before the ball is so I know II
guess every time she does her father
wall know what we think all right for
the rockiness I'm on a hammock hopefully
nobody gets seasick Marley go my dog
looks so stoned right now yeah man if
you really think about it sticks are
kind of like bones for trees no yeah
well they just repel the shit out of ya
fuck you calling me when you're gonna
bet your ass ain't tough she was ok I'll
get out squiggles is back might really
squiggles you're not squiggling me out
you're just hiding me from view
currently use them I look like a monster
right now snarling me to really interact
as much unfortunately just some
eyeglasses this my precious dr. glasses
babe after you put those socks on you
are going to lay down dr. Charles says
come on
he lay down I could do everything want
to lay down first order business just
lay down water at least I'm not feeling
too well right now still not to know
she's all curled up so I'm making some
food basically chef Charles is back in
the kitchen for the galleys always
cooking for me to switch it up get up
get up all the way leaving no room
there's oh I feel a bit still I good I
was still not feeling good so if you
guys actually have any home remedies
that you guys have used if going through
flu other than using you know
over-the-counter medicine like any like
you know like the nasal pot and stuff
like that just because you know Ali
doesn't like to use chemical just like I
don't like use a lot of chemicals we've
seen what happens every time I take you
know my chemicals are something that I
was goes wrong speaking of chemicals I
think today yeah today's Wednesday
actually start on chemotherapy game
restarted I was gonna start another
round so yay for more chemicals whoo
he's still doing old guy right there
thumbs up five high five okay shut up
Frank well here's to another five days
of kicking this brain thing's ass anyway
I hope you guys enjoyed today's video so
I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
don't forget to sue if you sell upon
these videos don't forget to click the
little subscribe button and don't forget
guys CTFxC merch com its launch of a
bunch of shirts and stuff like that a
fifty percent off to savings I know
shameless plug but the savings so see
you guys tomorrow as always have a good
night
awarded any possible
welcome under the name a damn beautiful
woman now hurry up to the turtle as very
girdle dirt turtles review-journal in
the very dirt old turtle this is the
wing nut
hey buddy so I'll see you guys tomorrow
as always have a good night doodles so
see you guys tomorrow as always have a
good night doodles
