wallet phone key vanity we left that at
the freakin hotel as you can tell it's
really really good morning like four
words 35 or 45 in the morning we decided
to go home a little bit more look at all
the coffee places are kind of like cruel
irony one that I could get all the
coffee places are open literally Ali
thinks that her throats going so going
home though oh it must be fate
Jada's bring me to you to buy something
cool and seriously know how to get me
delay the flights and put me in front of
gadgets I love gadgets oh yeah this is
funny
I'd give me that juice that's so much
fun I think Ali went to venture for
coffee so I'm just uploading the vlog
right now you let's fly the least busy
place in the morning at an airport as a
Chinese buffet I feel like nobody wakes
up in the morning like you know what I
need
Chinese food anyway dude get up there
now let's go stand in the hotel my
dignity is at the airport I'm losing
everything
I think if the eggs are Oh or alleys big
old long legs what happens when you
travel with a long way
like a spider go all over the place
the alley button comes to get you now he
so with the power of persuasion and the
fact that Ali was so damn cute this
morning we are going on a new plane so
one on a little bit earlier now he's on
John Tudor right now so
a super one
your eyes go cross-eyed when you do it
in the event of any possible changes
thank you welcome onto the blame a damn
beautiful woman now hurry up you little
turtle that's very dirt on there turtle
turtle that's a very turtle turtle this
is the wing nut doing that this is what
keeps the wing attached
where is it
hey buddy yep bro home get off
Kobe she doesn't call thank you big
dummy hole already and first four
seconds Zoe is going for the eyeballs so
second we landed unfortunately Ali got
bad news
her grandma's not doing too well so she
had to race over to the hospital
feels so fucking bad for her family so I
really wanted to go but Ali asked me to
say that because tonight I wasn't start
chemo and she wanted to be super strong
for her and family and she felt like if
I went you know be really extra
stressful for me and she wouldn't want
to cry she felt like if I was there
she'd be really she'd break and she
wants to be super strong but I actually
think you know considering the day and
everything that's happened in the travel
and everything I think I might just push
back the day of chemo one more day
because taking those pills like I've
always been very open with you guys it
really kind of messes with your body and
anyone else has ever gone through it I
know there's the IV drips
there's the drip luckily I don't ever
have to do the chemo drips because you
have to sit there for hours and have
this like IV drip essentially poison in
your body and you sit in this room
terrifying
I'm I'm so thankful I can just take a
pill even though that pill makes me feel
like crap
I know it's doing something good it's
killing whatever it's going in my brain
second she wants me up there and her
family needs me I will be right up there
I will take a cab I'll take an uber I
don't know what I'll take I'll fly I'll
ride Zoey you guys can today just keep
Allie and her family in your hearts
because you know it sucks this type of
stuff just sucks it happens it's life
but fucking sucks you know I mean when
it happens so actually what's happening
today right now and I'm so glad that we
came home a little bit earlier because
we were supposed to be home at like 9:00
p.m. but just fate we wanted to come
home earlier I know she's so thankful
that we've gotten home earlier hanging
out with the last holes you already do
it well while I was talking did you
already do that then I ball down here
and there's another one how did you do
that so fast
there's one hand side for a little bit
never wear black around Zoe Marley
George mistake come on guys let's go we
got to get some walk we get to walking
in this is what I like to call Zoe's
modeling pose the one thing I hate
actually many things one of the many
things I hate about flying is like when
you stick dude up you know like so long
I just run run run guys got a Forrest
Gump it so before we lose the Sun I
wonder what kind of just those are it
appears that Zoe's not a lot
Zoe this your lounge go girl there's no
way gonna be a lift your leg to do that
your butt showing put your clothes on
speaking of that guys have you ever
noticed like in cartoons like Donald
Duck and Mickey Mouse and all those
stuff actually Mickey Mouse is like that
actually Mickey Mouse is part of the
outlier because he actually wears pants
but it's like Donald Duck has no pants
but he has a shirt on for some reason
way goofy has pants on but no shirt does
he I just kill my own theory
duck tails that's another one like all
the duck families they have no pants on
the Ducks just like the flash I think
I'm just walking here and I realized I
have no idea what I'm talking about
right now I'm losing my mind or I lost
it or left it I left it back in Austin
this is how I get it so to pay attention
take a stick throw it up overhead it's
scary now you're paying attention huh
everything to do is scare you Zoe
good luck Zoe watch out for all the
Tigers and the zebras and the Cougars
and the porcupines fuchal pines and the
porcupines
Puckle Pines let's go
zowie being chased by a demon a horrific
demon green eyes come on demon oh my god
the demon is coming watch out marley
it's coming for us come on hungry
who's hungry oh okay you know you be
polite next time
does that say Marley no that doesn't and
I know you can read me you could talk
you speak English
broken English so why are you laying on
the freaking pillow how he's in the hot
tub I had to go do
I
ma'am you're messing with our moonlight
unfortunately I know it sucks we didn't
have to do a lot of the things that we
wanted to do I go out of the tech stuff
but you know when you're only there for
like one or two days you gotta cram it
all in there but we did go to the
haunted hotel and we did get some
awesome pizza yeah we'll go back we'll
go back
I'm sure the band will be Tori's Ross
and any time we've every time we have a
tour we go through Austin Texas today it
was one of those days where it kind of
reminds you that you know life is real
and you know how important and precious
it is and that you have to make sure
that the people that you're around know
that you love them so I will see you
guys tomorrow as always have a great
night
none of that
our dad
I know but I really want your guy's
opinion
