good morning Internet as you saw the
drones with me I have to go down to
Bradenton to help my mom she's selling a
house did you want to get some awesome
drone shots so naturally she called me
the best drone pilot in the world
obviously it's sarcasm because I don't
know how many drones I've lost my career
of YouTube good morning good morning
it's nice and freezing cold and I have
wet hair but it's awesome look at this
backyard that my brother has pretty
amazing and apparently that's all I
preserve out there it can never be
touched and it'll always look this
pretty and you can obviously see that
dead leaves are changing and that's like
one of my favorite things ever about
fall and I've seen it twice as here and
I feel like the luckiest person in the
entire world but it is nice and cold
it's like 30 degrees right now and as
floridian not prepped for it but I'm
loving it absolutely loving it you know
what's so funny about Saturday I'm gonna
go right into it today I was running
around by the way did another five miles
today look I think I'm not like forty
miles so far this month and what is the
content sidetracked what I was trying to
say was that I was running around and
there's all these yard sales going on
so who's like running and then
everyone's not stopping and jogging and
going into all these like guards sales
well yeah I wonder saying is that
there's always a lot of junk but every
once in a while you can find a gym for
example like you have them done that
I've never did but there's always those
stories about like a grandma or the
mother or something like that
selling a Mickey Mantle rookie card
which is actually if you look online
there's actually stories about stuff
like that where like a mom had no idea
or dad had no idea and sold their kid
because they left the stuff at their
house like Mickey Mantle rookie cards
things like that what is the most
expensive baseball cards and like
Waggener or something like that so I
always go just to see if I can find like
I would I say a Mickey Mantle rookie
card had a garage now I know I'll never
find that but if I do
via a PA happy man a truth literally
using a dog bed as I see so cute yeah
Linna little one hey are you doing
what's this you like this is not a phone
this is a camera how are you good
morning
are you gonna get ticklish I know that's
your your tickle spot yeah I'm chillin
I'm telling with dad baby this is like
her favorite spot in the world and you
wanna know what's even better about this
but she's watching the house I was on my
way to help my mom
I saw the I don't know if you guys have
ever heard of kite boarding but
apparently there's like some sort of
competition or something going on this
is the most I've ever seen and I just
want to show you I thought it was so
cool alright I'm gonna see if I can get
down here without killing myself alright
there we go
I always wanted to try that that looks
so freakin fun okay so that's pretty
cool
one day I'll get to try that thing as
you can see I'm wearing my chucks but I
think they're slightly too big so I'm
afraid of killing myself but I missed
them
okay now get the work back to work
whoo I probably shouldn't admit this and
don't tell Ali but I almost have lost
the drone for those shots I don't know
what happened I guess they're
disconnected from my phone maybe it's
the iPhone 10 maybe it's not like
totally set up for it anyway so I
learned something very valuable and
anyone who has a Mavic or anything like
that if you ever get disconnected from
the app and you can't see where you're
at there's this little button here that
I didn't know existed if you hold this
down it'll send it like home so long as
you have connection to the remote hit
that button I was panicking I was
driving the car back and forth and I was
like oh it's gone I'm gonna up dead I'm
dead I can't get another one of these
but luckily I looked at I took a breath
I looked down I saw that button and it
saved all those shots and my drone I
don't want to get another one of these I
like this one too much I tell my
customers also how was that landing
pretty sweet right I'll called is it
turning 30 geez it's like I think it's
like
that's gorgeous support no it's all
green there now green everything's alive
well you look pretty
thank you directions in a quarter mile
the destination is on your left I
changed my serie to the Australian
series just because I thought it sounded
cooler because Australian accents are
way Corr
it really if driving directions is right
there
so check this out my mom's selling this
house for a friend and I just have to
show you the back of it oh yeah this is
the man cave that you have like 40 cars
in here if you wanted check this out
this is awesome if Ally saw this we'd be
moving here there's a river or something
over there does it come with those two
owls yeah it comes with tout become a
nice shirt rockin the old school so it's
been really nice today we've just kind
of been like hanging out her in the
house
really just hanging out with Lila the
thing with the baby is free see in the
woods I just heard it
I don't know what that was but it was
totally crazy
there's a lot of wildlife that's out
here I saw rabbits the other day really
freaky huh but anyways like I said she's
a baby so she can't do much and they
can't leave the house because it's
always like a huge thing so we've just
been hanging out with Lila just kind of
relaxing catching up things uh bad
swords plus it's frigid cold I'm like
freezing my butt off and I think I'm
getting allergies my eyes are like
killing me right now but it's been so
nice just to relax and hang out and
catch up because I feel like we only get
to do that like once or twice a year
unfortunately just because they live out
here so I'm taking full advantage of it
while I'm out here only downfall is with
the time change
I get like dark at 5 this is biking in
Starnet ten dozen I talked to you guys
but it's really dark out but I think
what we're gonna do tonight is we're
gonna hang out at the house cook some
dinner drink some beers things of that
sort so I'm looking forward to it big
ceeze is going one person to the other
person and then on me and now Melissa
Wow thanks Meg so Carly and I just went
to the grocery store to go get some food
because we're gonna stay in tonight cook
dinner and just relax because my brother
is now off of work but I will do this I
am freezing my butt off I'm not used to
this mother whatsoever I just can't get
over how beautiful she is look at her
she's like all-new sleep watching I have
no idea what but apparently it's one of
her favorite shows and by the way this
thing is like pure magic but she is just
the most beautiful precious thing I've
ever seen in my entire life
Lila and I are hanging out can't see it
right now she's got the cutest cheeks
I've ever seen you guys remember my
brother but Lila is so cute she is
definitely a spitting image of both
Carly and Matt her cheeks you guys saw
him earlier and her lips cutest things
I've ever seen and then her eyes are
definitely Carly's I will tell you that
we're just hanging out she's like I had
good sleep and milk and I feel great
nice little bonfire going I think this
is the exact same one we have isn't it
the hell is that what is it bud that was
a little terrifying I'm playing the game
of dodging the smoke nice smart man
Oh watch out what's like that is gonna
catch you on fire is that the the fan
doing that No
why is it doing that it's gonna catch
everyone on fire
yeah look it's like you're at the
bonfire a tire babe way to go Meg there
we go get the nice toasty one is this
one of those Duraflame logs full of Kant
chemicals well dirt never hurt delicious
you you have spread I have stuff on my
face and on that note enjoy that Megan
so these two are done and that was done
I am so so tired I'm waiting for Ali's
clips to finish uploading because I'm
going tomorrow to Orlando and I have to
have this done before I go to bed so
hopefully this finishes I will see you
guys tomorrow as always please don't
forget to subscribe and click the like
button for Ali's beautiful niece or my
beautiful knees - alright see you guys
got import yeah fine
