hello guys we are going shark fishing
today you guys can't go
you'd be shark bait you guys just take
over Travis's house is left you guys
yeah hey buddy hey lock you lock your
daddy outside but this is like Jaws five
left shark Oh wouldn't it be funny if we
find we actually catch a freaking shark
that has like it'd be left in myself and
then you can take your chair
overseeing this yep you're holding the
rod we want to get a shirt update still
no sharks and Travis and Danny decided
to hold their - look I've never seen the
water this clean in Sarasota Bradenton
ever
a lot of ocean don't you see any fish
and chips a lot of fish no Jim we have
discovered a shark Arkham Oracle Kobe
Kobe an or a flooding trip we discovered
something in the ocean I don't know if
you guys can see in the darkness of the
water there is right there right there
how could you tell that from here so
many questions
I've never seen that ever been here for
30 years I've been here for 30 years
I've never seen that there
does a whale pubes still that given up
the girls you go stubble beach
fortunately we catch these sharks but I
think catch that tiny little fish well
we didn't catch any sharks but I did
three of fish unfortunately we didn't
catch any sharks however we're just so
funny we were laying on this little
beach right by the pier and we saw
dolphins and you guys named catch Jack
here's the cool thing and you see the
thing is we couldn't go swimming because
we were in shark-infested waters the
water see the water would I've never
seen Mac - he said there's a big fish
and I felt really bad for him because he
was in there with all his dead friends
there was a big fish in there I felt
really guilty so I pretended like I was
catching him and then I went up and I
dropped him into the ocean my bad
so I saved a fish to that I feel like I
feel pretty good about
jumps right into a shark's mouth anyway
so Ali's going to a concert tonight with
a Savannah again plain snails snails
definitely not music for everybody but
it's nice to go out with your
girlfriends and like you had a day with
the guys like I had a date with the
girls with Josh's face this is the first
thing that I noticed when I see Charles
say do you see it see the fingers like
there's four fingers that's shovel and
to think I actually tried to put some
suntan Sun lotion the sunblock yeah but
you medicine 170 that put 70 on I know
well look at it obviously protects you
see your stomach Lucy
you see the difference oh my god and
then look at okay Ally just pointed out
more when we got our sandwiches
they threw this up here okay we've been
ready boo BAM strawberry vanilla right
there vanilla Oh somebody knocked this
up out my there's my sub Marlin you
dickhead kids taking my stuff away from
me shouldn't be letting this happen but
it's so damn cute the van and I are
having our ladies night we are both
getting ready right now and I am
completely burnt like really burnt like
I look like Lobster I said that Charles
looked extremity and vanilla earlier but
I look like sorry at all so anyways
we're gonna go see really cool DJ
tonight kind of continuing that girls
day earlier I was with Jenni and Lindsey
and it was so awesome
char's really tired and he just wanted
to stay home so as I'm getting ready I'm
like realizing more and more out burn I
am and I was kinda making fun of Charles
earlier and I feel really bad about it
no I don't I was making fun of him
because the way that he put on a
sunscreen held like this handprint right
here I don't know maybe that's my fault
maybe I should have helped him put it on
but look at this it's terrible I'm sorry
I can't get over it I know I already
said it earlier but I can't get over
help like burn I am it's crazy
anyhoo next time I will learn to lit you
know put a little bit more sunscreen on
so since its kind of nice and relaxing
and quiet I figured I'd do some editing
outside it's like with kids when things
are too quiet though makes me think
she's doing something wrong so many
different cameras and angles in one vlog
like right now this vlog has got four
different cameras like iPhones GoPros I
know you guys enjoy and appreciate that
kind of stuff because I feel it's kind
of cool cuz they come out like refreshes
your eyes you get to see different
angles and all that
my burn is increasing its increasing I
took my medicine and I'm feeling a
little bit dizzy nothing nothing at all
like it was earlier if that's the worst
part
I literally you guys saw me covered
myself an SPF 70 I think it was and
still somehow anyways so before I get
super dizzy or anything like that
I'm just gonna lay on the couch with the
girls and watch a movie
and like I said guys I want to make sure
you guys know this so you're not
worrying at all like it was the last
time it's just like I think it's just
drainage cuz you're just tired and I
just was going oh the bed earlier I
think is what I think what I think I'm
trying to say is what I think I'm trying
to say Internet is I'm gonna go to bed
early so I will see you guys tomorrow as
always have a great night doodles
and I didn't kill anything
my hair
a black Adan
any snorts perfect time
