hi where they goin I'm Carol now I get
to see here nope it's not enough room
for to have enough room and not enough
room for do you know what I always find
funny
you're always waking up when I'm like
ready to fall back to me
so last night Allie wanted to watch a
scary movie classic a classic scary
movie and we watched poltergeist yes we
did cuz she was always telling me that
it was always so scary and it is but you
have to accept it for what it is okay
seriously I was just having this
discussion with Charles out every single
movie that I present to him there's a
flaw in it but if it's a movie that he
chooses oh it's spectacular I give it
three thumbs up cuz I have three thumbs
yeah that good
hey poltergeist was good but it was oh
now it's good no but it was cheesy as
hell it's a scary movie back it was made
in 1987 alright internet was poltergeist
scary when you watched it for the first
time because oh she's trapped no look if
she can't figure out how to do this but
somebody always says I wanna to have
some fun I got a feeling I'm not the
only one you have to call this the
bitch-slap thank you
those bed so we can get out of a leglock
I got sound like either yet really
strong legs honey oh don't do it let's
do that honey and kick you Charles
Charles
look let's be adults I will remove my
legs Jan I'm tickling my mr. is mine
upper let go oh come on you got this
what up Bobby this is a bad time to tell
you that the part series I don't have
the fucker which are things it's gonna
be smart to try and get both dogs up
here long enough you just tickle me that
listen just like a weird reaction
stop it Charles I love the reaction yeah
grizzly though I feel bad for people to
have annoying boyfriend's like Charles
you got
and we got a dog trust me boomer she
doesn't trust me she said you're a big
baboon tell her mama tell em to you big
baboon I don't want you to hold me no
more about this I never noticed the back
over here's how pretty they are for free
Brown I've never noticed that shut off
your pretty ears Marlee oh yeah so
pretty just amazing oh Jesus oh oh
alright alright I think that's my cue to
get off keeps telling you to move your
big ol legs we get there
go on look at all these crazy tellers
they spread apart
boom put it over here
that is like we're all right guys this
might be a little bit too TMI but our
toilet is clogged
I wonder who did it oh fuck off you know
wasn't me
hey what time were we supposed to be
there whatever okay because we might
have a little bit of an emergency I
clogged the toilet don't you can't tell
me that that's him
don't freak me out we've got enough
going on yeah well I clogged the pooper
so we're getting up and then Melissa he
did the one thing that you're not
supposed to do and that's keep flushing
it and now it overflowed cleaning up
pooper juice I hope that you're clean
even if you're not making handling me oh
hell no I'm not cleaning it up yeah okay
you don't need to go there yet in the
relation ah you know although I did I
did want my hand on our 14 times
yeah but he washed it he's so gross do
you want to go for your basic or do we
need to go for the super plunge what's
that
you didn't feel like that could get the
job done wait you need to look for the
ones that have the cup action
well blunder plunge got it coupon my
hands there fuck you stop I'm not
kidding
take a flashback to like Something About
Mary right now god that would be
horrible go on to his first date and
clog your toilet toilet and have nothing
to clean it with how do you explain it
I'm just now realizing the Internet is
now watching me clean up a clogged
toilet
god I love anything shower
that looks unsafe and fun at the same
time do you remember like as a kid
always wanted to stay in the back of a
pickup truck
yes I did though that was always the
coolest thing as a kid sitting in the
back and then when you got bumped up
every single time I Joey you know funny
like
yes actually I think my dad did oh and
they're going on the interstate that's
ballsy
my aunt Lee and my dad they used to take
us over this hill in st. Petersburg
every what they called it and then pump
it over
it was a huge hill and you'd go over an
assassin we possibly could and then we
were dying okay looking out the window
Marc you're doing over that goofball
Marlee miss you the girls are doing
episode 7 other podcast and rather than
being and making a bunch of noise I'm
gonna take the dudes and girls out for a
nice little walk or stroll was that what
would you smell some scary but he
started shaking all right ty doesn't
want to play so let's let ty hang out
with the girls
I think they retire with something like
a storm or something because it looks
like ones coming whatever it was he's
more intuitive than these two girls
combined cuz I didn't even know when I'm
in the areas like parking lots where I
can't get hit it's kind of a fun little
game to close my eyes and just let the
dogs take me places like seeing-eye dogs
I feel like they'd even look what was it
okay weirdo very good guys Internet I
can't obviously see right now sorry
they're doing pretty good hold on I
sensed the car
you guys were got me hit luckily had
that sense big old ass that's a good one
ex what's so weird is the way that we've
ever been hit on that you guys are
something is great they're seriously
amazing
but anyway so she so Ali went to hang
out with Savannah for a little bit since
she hasn't seen her and we're all
watching comedy stuff over bill burr and
Melissa brought out the rice krispie
treats worst thing ever you like one
square I've had one square was a
rectangle okay and Zoe's my pillow right
now do you have security system right
there look it's so so scary one of our
security system is two sitting there
wagon the other ones hiding like
underneath right here Molly that does no
good when you're under hidden there
alright so it's now 1207 I was gonna say
1206 but just changed so technically is
a new day so we gotta say good night
guys I hope you enjoyed today's video
tomorrow we're actually going shark
fishing tomorrow so don't forget to
subscribe to get a brand new and we will
see you guys tomorrow s have a good
night
doodles get off check out the pocket
yeah
Oh
and I didn't kill you
my hair tell her hair
a blackened on
any snorts perfect time
