hopefully diesel is not gonna want that
back Ali's been up since like 7:00 a.m.
basically just cleaning up a little bit
cuz she's like an Iron Horse she'll just
keep going going gone less like they
could go sleep
that sounds bad I put her to sleep
I got sounds bad too I make it go take a
nap that sounds better okay where the
keys
wait the keys treat the keys hey Tony
where did you pick him up boo
it won't want hang out in the pool I
don't you haven't seen him in a while he
look like he cares at all huh well
thanks well I'm gonna go take a shit
Robbie wants to go say hi Oh what is
that what's that do it it was one from
the other steps what she swam with Zoe
Zoe
she's like damages give me a match give
me the bad girls oh look at those ears
look dude good girl no girl you're so
close
someone's here nice pink fillies here
Bellco around back
Scout cookies odo II know she knows his
over there she pushes off the other so
maybe if you started the other side
chill do it I just saying he's supposed
to be sick right yeah hey you know you
stayed home from school today
okay you look fine to me
oh there's the other one your turn No
yay good girl
Indus Brown I can see your bra thank you
for nose hey that was your reaction
like who's I thought that's my dear cuz
it looks like a zebra fair enough
it's a white bra Oh show you this oh
that does look like a zebra that's what
I was looking at where you say you're a
shim you say oh that's pretty honey yeah
right internet whatever I just did never
do it do the complete opposite just I'm
gonna change my shirt okay she's not
working it's a van Gogh trying to figure
out what Marla was doing every time I
came out here and I remembered sometimes
when I wake up in the morning I wake up
at like 7:00 or 8:00 in the morning feed
the dogs let them out and I had a muffin
this morning couldn't figure out what
Marley was doing but apparently I
dropped some little muffin kernels come
on give it a rest okay you can see the
storm coming in
then all the Sun beautiful this
and I didn't kill him
my hair fell here her hair don't you eat
my hair fuck it y'all so I said hey sir
but your handle block is on any snorts
perfect time
Oh
they'll wind
oh I win
No
Thank You Leah okay so over the course
excuse me ma'am
yeah excuse you're back over the course
of how we how many months was it a few
months we have had a nice don't you give
me a wedgie you have had a nice little
prank war with domain prank war and and
a wedgie war that's continuing and what
okay
this is this is serious guys I want you
guys I want everyone here to tell me
which of the domain pranking war
websites that we've done is the best one
okay the first one it's just a simple
one which is one we kicked it off with
this Charles wins again
and it was just a bunch of baby photos
of Danny well yeah might be my favorite
the other website was living with
genital warts calm so when you went to
that website it took it to the dlv Danny
Lindsay so that was a nice little break
and then the other one we took it to so
the other one was Danny Duncan dot fail
so we're if you go to the website had a
bunch of gifts of Danny just screwing up
basically and then we had one of my
favorite ones ten carats that look like
Travis you go to it's literally ten
carats that look like Travis and those
are the four websites that we've made on
the domain pranking war basically what
this is is this like a domain pranking
war and what it is is you can go to
GoDaddy calm and use the promo code
CTFxC and you could actually get a
domain a website for dollar ninety-nine
and you can do this all your friends so
I can do to Melissa I can do Melissa
trippy is a turkey
calm yeah that's nice anyway so you can
go to CTFxC deals slash go daddy the
nice little quick URL so you can
remember a little bit and you can get a
domain you can prank all your friends
for dollar ninety-nine and I expect some
good ones Dyson so we drink all the
water
those are those water water moles well I
guess we gotta get some more water I
don't want to do okay we will go fetch
some water put in the warm bowl anyway
guys go to see tip ah super d CTFxC deal
slash go daddy and get a domain and
forward it to all your friends for only
a dollar 99 so there's limitations you
know for some websites check the website
for details and go check it out guys and
let me know your website's
well Internet I hope you enjoyed today's
video fuck you see what you guys aren't
seeing go watch Moses video she think
you just not seen you don't think we
should be more of a triangle no for a
wedgie I'll see you guys tomorrow don't
forget to subscribe has a brand new it
looks like she had too much sugar is
your goodness I liked it when you caught
me big pot but it is back I got the
GoDaddy deal and make some awesome
websites and prank your friends cuz I
know that try to beat 10 cares that look
like trav I feel like that's pretty up
there right there think you might be on
or doing with general or warts calm that
was so one my favorite ones one two
three
I don't have much pleasure
nah no no come on
okay
you're at
I don't feel sorry for you anymore
