okay so we just got off of the plane
kind of the same thing that happened
yesterday with taking an extra thin pot
has made him feel the way that you feel
style so do you see right now and we are
on the plane and we're sleeping and I
woke up and he couldn't talk I couldn't
talk today doc gooden yep I couldn't
talk it was like you had a seizure
I can give you a high five all right you
couldn't talk and and the way that he
was directing is not good
no they're weird and you get really
scared and your pupils get huge yeah
it's really kind of crappy because
you're trying to find a good seizure
collection and then stop working out
very well hey Internet
hey Z be serious I'm trying to buy
negative I know it's scary but you
should be serious because this is scary
and this is serious
you're so dizzy you can't walk shiny and
that's terrible it's it looks like it's
a terrible feeling and I'm so sorry no I
took some course or poor person's
wheelchair no no they're good here you
know they're gonna take care of you and
the guy next to us was super nice and
helping out in any way possible but I
have to say that is scary for me and I
know it is for you the worst part is I
was dreaming about that bagel place
landing on with wanting that big the
entire time I'm like completely busy
right now I'm sorry I didn't mean to be
reversing this there I go like this you
are one person to be both se√±or the two
person two people one ally to Ally's one
ally it looks like it drains you though
- yeah am i white you're fairing up
really mm-hmm I don't mean to be rude by
saying be serious but I think that this
needs to be seen because this is really
scary yeah if anyone in the Internet is
going through something like this get
help fast
don't go away it's honestly he wanted me
to film when all that was happening when
not really talking or making sense that
can stand up straight but I've still a
it's really threatening to see and I
know it's probably really frightening
for him and that's kind of the last
thing by where the camera and hold it
make sure I put on the braids otherwise
i'm group movin all hourglass
towards the elevator it's right over
there
that's cool though I got that two of you
then just one of you that's hot
I put glasses on because I was freaking
everyone out and I was freaking myself
out
I wasn't freaking everyone out I was you
know the only thing I've got in the book
to thing is I don't really care about
gets about freaking the one out
and tell I freaked her out see what they
did was they liked my galley said they
increased the medication and made me all
dizzy it's kind of funny like I just had
a moment of clarity right there
I just saw the guy right there and just
had a moment there II just
it's header like when I move the camera
this is example you know I'd want to do
this that's how I see right there that's
how we see whatever you're still that's
what happened is like the moment of
clarity Jason what did you bring me
thank you
it's very sweet of you I'm sure fills
that could be happy about that
all right so we have to make a temporary
stop at the apartment and then we're
going home
see you guys in a second this is my move
now because I'm a lovely by the way guys
what's the Fed Tyson it's feeling much
better yeah right yes a big old mouth
all right y'all take it out yes you do
I got a relatively early after we landed
and got a little work done and decide to
let char sleep it's one of those things
where I know traveling I mean just in
general it exhausts the hell out of me
so I'm sure it exhausts him too and I
can tell obviously but I know I was
sitting there doing some work this
morning and I don't know I kind of just
I didn't realize how scary this must be
for him how scary it must be
every day to wonder if the medication
that you're taking is going to be
working for seizures or for for you know
his story little goofball up in that
head of his
but you know I think people tend to
forget that this is real life and it is
scary
he gets exhausted and she never does
himself a little bit but he does it
because he loves you guys so much and
she just loves making these vlogs that's
something that really brings him a lot
of joy and it brings him some sense of
comfort and you know he just never wants
to disappoint you guys
he doesn't want disappoint anybody you
know when this whole thing happened on
the plane you know what he said to me
because I'm freaked out anybody on the
plane any of the flight attendants or
anything of that sort and you're worried
about everybody else anybody's family is
going through something like this you
stay strong I know I haven't been around
for a very long time with all of it but
it's just as real to me now as it was to
him look I am have Charles and how
strong he is and
jingim pushed through all of this it's
just it makes me feel like a wimp it
really does because I see how strong he
is but I also just wanted to say thank
you guys so much for your love and your
support I know he's sent out a video
earlier today on Instagram he just
wanted to make sure that you guys knew
that you're in his hearts and he doesn't
want to disappoint you and just like I
said thank you so much for your support
so I thought we could turn this day
around so get the up side of things you
know things go slightly sour you got to
turn it around and make sure that you
make the day the best that you can I'm
sounding like really stupid right now
like oh gosh motivational speaker right
here but in a lot excuse me mr. ty can I
go over there on eat lunch that cool
with you because it's delicious lunch
as I come home every single time after
shows or tours gotta get the girls so
this is what my dad did every single
time on the tour he'd always give notice
and I had like a toy we get Coby
something Coby I got you somebody hey go
buddy thank you go enjoy that thank you
now it somehow got Zoey to eat now she's
happy it can be like me all I can really
honestly say is I'm so thankful that Ali
was there and that gentleman that was
sitting next to us Emmy we had the
window seat so I had the ILC so I was
like I couldn't move at all so if you
had that dude was stuck that dude was
going anywhere see what happens is like
I get embarrassed it's I don't want to
trouble people but I'm also kind of
embarrassed for situations where do I
know it shouldn't be embarrassed about
anything that that has to do with any of
that crap but like I said I'm so
thankful that I was there otherwise I
would've been crawling out of that plant
I literally would have been my hands and
knees trying to crawl that plane people
would have been looking at me probably
would have gotten arrested all these
chemicals are just mixing with each
other and and that's what ended up
happening doctor said I should take
another prescription to offset seizures
but this time I become a freakin lunatic
when it comes to trying to walk and see
straight it was weird because I've had
like seizures you know my left hand goes
out my left leg but this one was really
really really scary really strange
because Ali would ask me question and I
like I was understanding but I couldn't
speak I just don't know why move around
so much make jokes about situations like
that because that was really honestly
but you said terrifying I was really
scared my humor is how I cope with
things I sometimes have to remind myself
this is real life this is really
happening this isn't a TV show this
isn't isn't like you know production
this isn't anything like crazy like that
after remind myself that this is real
life and I'm really going through this
stuff I just want to say thank you guys
really honestly from the bottom my heart
for understanding that yesterday's video
was a little bit late because I didn't
want to start editing until I stopped
seeing double so you guys didn't have to
see double clips over and over again and
I just want to say thank you guys really
honestly from the bottom of my heart for
understanding that yesterday's video was
a little bit late because I didn't want
to start editing until I stopped seeing
double so you guys didn't have to see
double clips over and over again huh you
did they're probably Clips anyway don't
forget to subscribe to guys for
brand-new and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always
and
Ali's lifeguard in charge they think
your worm
yeah
baby is going fishing right now there
are hold your foot I got you
keep working
and let them learn
