good morning Internet so we are doing
the whole time to wake up she keeps
getting up and going back to bed so we
were supposed to find him tomorrow but I
figured since we're going home tomorrow
we should just kind of like get a
red-eye tonight and then that way we can
go home a little bit early do you have
everything
yeah Julie as you mind yeah yes it was
fun though
who's the dancing machine though me no
what is that
who is the best dancer yes and
yesterday's video answers me no it
wasn't you it was me this time my
impression of Richie Sambora on living
on a prayer they're getting I COO six
ready
I guess that whatever now the difference
or not you got each other and that's
alright already we didn't do it so the
new married couple we're still alive
that's a good thing
you're alive - who's the little guy
that's George George George see you
later bye guys you should knock that
over did you just knock that over right
now
- how much was at least three dollars
this is Ellie 350 you're gonna get on
the plane with that
so rather than the boring drive back to
LA we got a crazy driver we wanted to
make it so you guys can drive the
carpool lane now
drift up to more than two or is it just
- well good we're good we're good
oh pretty Sunday
around got that beer with you there I
know isn't it it's so beautiful
navigating through the mountains of
green is so beautiful like right in LA
is like this yeah but right now it's
beautiful all the pelicans on the rock
brush it's so pretty we just decided to
stop and take a detour and go through
malvo I've never seen so many pelicans
is a high amount of pelicans it is their
rising we pissed them off and now
they're rising against us they will come
and babysit first thing I do sees this
sees my I like your hat
this poor kids gonna have sleeve by
times 18 is me yeah likes playing ends
gone alleys on charge in charge
they think you're worm
yeah baby is going fishing right now
there I'll hold your foot I got you
it's teamwork and lesson learned
get on the side of the rope breaking the
rules so starting to getting a sunburn
so Alice whisper me
can you see it be coming out try kiss is
it really bad I start chemo tomorrow and
the pills are one more day today I've
taken one more pill and I'm dizzy as
hell so we're like Charles is like I'm
holding them up it's so dizzy I'm so
freaking dizzy right now and Ally's over
here holding me up I'm just like what
I'm doing is this pretending like I'm
drunk so it's not so embarrassed
yeah and this is Donna kidding I'm not
kidding right now guys
I swear him that drunk hey guys this is
why drugs suck synthetic drugs are just
bogus they knock you out more than
freaking anything else Charles took some
little get some green ones that I get
some right but white ones I had some
black and blue I don't know if they're
white you old I didn't know you you put
that picture up the other day the
medication he has to take the chemo
pills you had to take an extra pale
today and it's made I'm really really
dizzy yeah that's my drugs suck well you
have good amazing friends that you can
lean on yeah here's leaning on me now
I'm gonna go in here and she's actually
leaning all over everywhere okay good I
feel like different than anything I've
seen with you see you guys this is why
you have to have really really awesome
friends so when you're stumbling down
the street and you're not sure we're
going so people don't think you're
jacking in San Diego 30 20 bucks an hour
oh they give me cash I'm sorry did I owe
you and take debit card debit card this
is why you have to have good friends no
matter what videos anyone else says
that's a number one thing that you have
to work on whether on the internet with
the real life or whatever it's very
important you sound like you're drunk
hey I do it on it no matter if they're
just regular friends your life runs with
faces I swear I'm not drunk I really I'm
not drunk at all just medication this is
why synthetic drugs suck too as well is
that you have no idea what its gonna do
when you take them the first time
really have no idea what's gonna I was
literally having fun with my second
family basically and all of a sudden I
will get a lead I'm like oh boy this is
gonna be a fun one huh I can see you got
daily baby really yeah I could tell like
you drop something on the ground I get
out the keys always wear sunglasses it's
the key all right so I slept a little
bit
now we're going Oh where's my frickin
phone
you go sir okay so slept a little bit
passed out the shape has down a little
bit and now your
you're doing good
you guys didn't see the other video
drovers escalator how he has terrified
pretty much of us but okay I go to put
the camera got it put it away guys we're
gonna so apparently you don't have that
party going right now so like a
gentleman I decided to stay with Alec
gentlemen the only way well guys we're
going home so before I fall asleep on
the plane I just wanted to say good
night
hope you guys enjoyed today's video and
then I felt the beard
you
