good morning guys I have just got up
right now I was getting yourself
together
thank you your pool to drop her off one
last look through yeah I know I know not
going anywhere
woke me up mmm buckle up girl we've been
trying to keep her in the car as long as
possible or take away when he actually
do have a trouble she's not crazy and
psycho
so obviously you saw Ali left today I'm
really honestly really bummed that I
couldn't go luckily her brother and the
little one will be here and what's a
date
less than a month so I just have to hold
out for a couple weeks I wish I got to
go but at the same time it was really
important that Ali went I really wanted
her to go so it was important for me to
make sure she got to go she didn't have
to worry for anything today is gonna be
the first day Zoey tries her new brace
side and walk great though just gotta
get this on again
so do you want with Ali's mom because I
don't know if he said this before I
think we have many times but her dog
Lola is she's kind of like neurotic like
Marley or Zoey when it comes to like
loud noises
but for some reason so I think she's
kind of like Marley with Zoey
Marley always calms Zoey down as much as
she annoys nobody Zoey she always calms
her down and diesel kind of had that
relationship so when Allie goes out of
town often Ali's mom wants to bring
diesel I think she's trying to steal her
finale oh and by the way a lot of you
guys always wonder why we put Rika in
the other room and I feel like I should
just say the reason why we do this is
because just like at the beginning Zoe
Marley didn't know what to do whether
they thought she was a squeak toy and
the same thing was diesel because he's
not here all the time
so last night actually last couple
nights I've actually sat here and
watched The Simpsons
we did it this morning he sits on the
couch I let her run around he didn't
care so hopefully that keeps going
because then we can just let Rika run
around because right now she's got her
own room that way we we always we did
that because not so much to keep her
safe but just let the dogs kind of get
you story a little bit more because they
especially the girls they have never
been around cats and I don't think
Diesel is either so and when she meows
we said a million times we've had two
puncture some toys because they squeak
just like her her meow anyway long story
short that's why we do that I always
figured that I should tell you guys I
think a lot of you figured it out but
just so people don't think we're cruel
and horrible people because you know we
love our animals even this little jerk
who's actually trying into a pretty cool
cat as she's about to do something
probably bad this is one thing I do love
about cats is that the simplest things
and the cheapest things will entertain
you
can't find my phone luckily the Apple
watch has a little pink thing hold on I
need two hands for this if I didn't have
this thing I would literally never find
my phone where is it it's like over here
somewhere all right seriously what the
heck is this thing
it's my the whole time okay
that's what I feel like today that's
what I mean I'm not even kidding that
literally just happened I'm gonna be
completely honest I have freaking loved
and hated the whole daylight savings
time which by the way why do we still
have that cuz I know is back in the day
with farmers and I think Benjamin
Franklin invented it didn't he or the
concept of it couldn't be wrong but I
just don't understand why we still do it
but lo saying is that it confuses me so
much like right now it's it's four
o'clock but it feels like it's seven not
only that it's winter so everything to
see a lot more gloomy I just feel like I
can't ever get anything done like after
I'm running I ran by the way six miles
today so high five I'm still after
uploading the video and then running and
then walking the dogs
I get so exhausted but at the same time
I have to do all these things I just I
just I don't get that's why I ran it
doesn't make any sense what I just said
but at the same time we just learned
something about daylight savings on
Finland so I had that bike chop order
another one of those bike things for the
dogs because they only had one so I'm
gonna surprise Ali for one for diesel
and he just ordered it he just called me
about 30 minutes ago so we'll go grab
that
so that way diesel has his own and we
can all take a little bike rides like
family bike rides I know where those
people did it all the time but we are
I gotta give it to him this is okay so
if you ever in st. Pete this is Tony's
bike shop nicest guy in the world
literally just working out of a tiny
little garage that hole in the wall and
he will do this specifically for diesel
and he gave us a deal so now we have two
of these yo do you want to go for a bike
ride we got a tail hey okay we might
have to break down and get a stupid cat
tree maybe we could put it in that
corner or something uh yes so obviously
I wasn't able to do much today but I
think later this weekend I'm gonna head
over to Orlando to see everyone because
I know Ben's working I think he's doing
EDC right now which I was actually gonna
go to I never liked that kind of music
that instance music but I figured it'd
be kind of cool to go to unfortunately
because of all the reason that like
things with festivals he said it was
like super strict so it was unable to
get any extra passes so we'll go next
time yeah so today I just kind of
enjoyed just being quote-unquote home
alone and just kind of hanging out and
just getting some things done just
really honestly just hanging out and
enjoying the day which I don't normally
get to do and it was actually pretty
nice but I do wish we planned the st.
Louis trip a little bit better and I
could have gone but like I said earlier
it's more important to me that Ali gets
there than myself so as long as she gets
there I'm happy guys having fun back
there
it is definitely hard to record well
going forward and holding this behind me
you guys are actually really good in
there Internet actually nothing cute is
this is my niece huh you guys remember
Carly hi what are you doing look I don't
know what that thing is
do you know what this is no not yet just
like I yeah I look so cute though oh my
gosh
oh yeah nose well there you go I know I
was just saying how much I love these
shoes their little little like horns oh
you look so cute
the Internet's gonna fall in love with
you I already know you're gonna be the
next little Gerber baby but even cuter
oh is this what you want is this your
favorite thing in the world okay ready
go get literally the only toy if she
likes and I got you a dinosaur what does
that rika that one happy dog okay so
it's about what is that 7:30 right now
let's see how long until she breaks that
thing
well--there's please let it last for at
least a few days
not a few hours do you not like your
dinosaur yeah it's not like you guys
need any more toys Jesus we need to
start don't hit me although you guys
have kind of done this this is all you
guys some of these are throw up from
tour you guys gave us so I officially
blame you for spoiling our dogs and cat
all right does anyone know what movie
this is because if you do is the worst
movie in the world but it's so good
honestly this is a movie a you literally
used to love so much my sister and I
would watch it over and over and over
again well I'm gonna tell you right now
it just doesn't hold up it's kind of
like unfortunately I watched three
ninjas recently and I loved I love that
movie you know rocky loves Emily loved
it but I watched it recently and it just
doesn't hold up but this would be but
this movie's the exact same thing so if
you know this movie you're awesome
Lila she's good she's good it's like a
good like personal time that I'm getting
to have with him I'm really happy about
it so thank you honey for letting me do
that
like here this broccoli image right a
long time so I'm pretty tired I've got a
very sweet
