get your bowl full of peanut butter
tomorrow he's gonna take it wherever
she's at there she is okay you got a
share hang on
oh my god they just both look at me like
switch up the running area so we went to
the park hey the girls you don't listen
to men with six sharks on you land
sharks Florida land sharks those are the
worst you guys didn't know fleur-de-lis
in sharks we have them all over to play
surprised we haven't seen one on camera
a while basically instead of front fins
they have like little legs and they just
pull themselves across the land
play frankly it's a little bit
frightening
my dogs hi
causing workout they're always in the
back oh wait she's right there and right
there you tricked me
Marley lay off the mushrooms you had too
many you sit like such a goofball it
just adds to your character Zoey want to
go another round we did one in half
miles if we do another one
are we done one in half good for today
would you just rather look at the water
it's pretty the wind just coming off
this freakin pond or lake or whatever
want to call it is this beautiful right
now I got a hair appointment in like 15
minutes
and I called a taxi then went to the
wrong place so right now we are racing
to get back home with the seat can be
the taxi guys they got him in this golf
cart not the other one I would never
made it we beat him this is Megan and
she's cutting my hair hello
she's the one that makes me look that
stupid so when I look stupid because I
haven't seen Megan
almost done what's the weirdest story of
cutting some of his hair yeah do you
have one
and say names first and last
I don't have any
I always feel like when you're like
cleaning people's hair that a bit weird
what do you think internet looking
snazzy
yeah I'm just chilling on a bench right
now waiting for my mom because I
couldn't get a taxi
yeah that's pure like I'm in like
baseball practice again you know like
when you have to wait for your pants and
the worst part is great over there
they're selling girl-scout cookies and I
might break I've been rescued here we go
where's Toby Toby's here Toby what are
you doing back there wrong direction
yeah yeah I should be driving right now
I would I'd be doing better okay Tyson
Zoe he heard he heard the girls in the
blog and all the other dogs on the CTFxC
Oh barking that was some cute suit if it
seems pretty awesome girls it's right
here girls he's over here look you
missed them there he is
they don't even care though ok Colby
wants their medicine all right
there's yours there's yours cuz you're
bigger that's only I always make a mess
she always does it she takes it out
takes a couple kernels out and puts it
on the ground to watch he'll do it again
I just won't do it now make me look bad
sorry alright since I ran bawling
three miles today with the girls at the
park I feel like I deserve a cookie now
that I feel I deserve a cookie versus
like when you're a kid you like just
give me the cookie these are the cookies
I got the trefoils or truffle oils or
whatever the cold I feel like those are
my dear ones so we're gonna try a little
experiment today a little science
experiment I saw this on the interwebs
well never mind oh yeah wait we can do
it
we have eggs one of you guys sent this
to me and I thought was funny it's
weirdest thing I've ever seen you get an
egg okay given that you tape it up you
own you throw it around and sock your
heart boil it and then basically when
you open it the yolks on the outside
it's almost like completely reverse I'm
pretty sure I should tape it up a little
bit more but
I don't want to spin it around a few
times by holding either end since I
don't have tights I'm gonna try it with
this sock
son of a bitch the sock wasn't long
enough someone to see Valley may have
left one of her socks doesn't like
really tall long ones a nerd can you
hear me now okay hey hey all right so
you know you're tall sexy socks that you
always wear where are those I need to
put an egg in there you want to put an
egg in my socks I have too much other
way to break the egg I think I just
broke the egg this is what I just did
right here okay then we'll find a
regular egg I look the same like the
same egg oh it's dropped it how
long do you boil an egg I don't know and
now we put it to the boil and water see
if this works and we put it in a bowl of
ice oh god please don't break alright
let's try this got out of the boil vise
okay I don't think this is gonna work
fail this is a failure you can't succeed
unless you learn from your mistakes not
inside out so I've done my research and
I'm going to try take three the problem
is I don't know how long stupidly enough
to boil an egg
sumbitch it's still not doing it
so you'll figure this out attack get the
trespasser I like you back with gifts
what do you messin with unless gave to
us all to me mother letter although it
does say thanks Charles and look for
everything
how many Texas you have in your Emma
No hey that was a good birthday present
cuz it's the thing that you always say
that was happy birthday Ally true is it
really just chalk that's hand what like
it's fruit into this there's the purple
I feel like it's gonna rip your hair
home bring him back Reb we're updating
with purple I totally get to do this see
ya fine as long as it'll come out by
then we had a bit of a wedding we're
good great except for it's just Chuck so
you can probably just buy chocolate I've
got them big girl that's enough oh
that's pretty good feel like glorious
beautiful I don't want a green beard how
long did I take to go away oh you trying
to poop hard-charge trying to you
think you'll go back to the red streaks
ready we'll do it but right now do you
think he'll go back to the red streaks
he most stages I don't know what it
looks like there may be a gecko helping
a green lizard
I like Kermit car was my favorite are
you still talking to the camera
yeah why don't you just go off and down
so this is why you don't give Ally candy
late at night or a camera oh my gosh
they look really cool absolutely an
idiot but hey I'm having fun
Oh everything she told you pinched my
nipple you've been doing it more do that
but don't move stop moving okay stop
okay stay right there
I said stop good every in this I'm
looking at look into your eyes it's up
and recording no little bits Muffet did
not have rainbow colored hair I don't
know what are you ally always has this I
know what it is well I know all your
tags just come out like that no clues
but sometimes are we walking around you
look like just like a little goldfish
that's what a goldfish looks like yeah
it's called the goldfish so I guess even
do guy green all of your fees is it
still your hair but why would they be on
the top of your head I was looking in
the mirror and it kind of trips me out
like 2005-2006 you get it trip you know
but the trippy
back in the day like that YouTube
YouTube videos with the red hair I know
bad choice everyone has a bad choice and
design or style or hair or whatever
anyway I'm going to bed I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video don't forget to
subscribe you guys are brand new and
have a great night doodles
we got Zoe Hasselhoff over there
but the beach bum
again
I'm filming ladder
farthest on a ball and she's not letting
anyone have it back and so he keeps
making a little dog
