morning birthday girl come on good
afternoon a girl this is a birthday gift
from the entire CTFxC alright so this
was made by the entire CTFxC and a bunch
of friends of yours okay ready hey honey
so I just saw you in the studio
literally right now recording some drum
parts we just want to say happy birthday
we love you and so happy that you're
part of the family happy birthday Elly
this is really inappropriate because I'm
shirtless so let's just fake like I was
shirt on right now hey just wanted to
wish you a happy birthday hope you enjoy
your day wonderful birthday
congratulations on meeting the
underwater level the pyramid level
you're now one level higher happy
birthday love you okay
so if you guys ever seen Ali's birthday
video and a bunch of CPM X ears made
with a bunch of surprise YouTube friends
of ours the links down there in the
description as you can see earlier how
they teared up a little bit
no cry-baby like my phone started
hurting my muscles get weak and the next
are crying for now we have you struck
peed your pants like earlier I didn't
act I you know I didn't
I feel like when you're tickling
somebody and they threatened that
they're gonna take either pants I don't
feel like people are gonna be like do I
feel like that people keep late and
continue yeah I think a goal so it's
like oh yeah find Zoey turn around there
she is already in the water looking for
fish
oh god that's cold that's so cold guys
get in there Marley is that what you're
not going in there it's your birthday
ally
happy birthday Ally we got Zoey
Hasselhoff over there look at the beach
bum I get it like a bum get it I'm so
clever
uncle waka waka Marley found a ball and
she's not letting anyone have it back
and so he keeps making friends with
little dog I'm not going out there do
some vlogging for me
he's dealing out something through the
vlog so they can relax she's not having
it whatsoever there's way too many dogs
there for her to relax she sells
seashells by the seashore
- them so she she shall try to see shark
Zoe it's always doing a good job filming
for me today you get your gift looks so
pretty
excuse me ma'am you're working no
sleeping on the job how pretty you look
everyone's already passing out the thing
about Marly at the beach is he rarely
likes to go in the water unless we're
here but wha she's on the sand if you
look so prestigious and like she owns
the beach look yeah this is my future
husband sit here thank you jack
there's a Jack Russell very I don't
forget to see it he's already owning him
internet this is severe trust in a
relationship right here at any moment
she could just fart on my face actually
if you did it I would give you a slow
clap I'm not really sure for you guys
have ever really seen chars scar but I'm
trying to show it to you it's really
hard to pull it up but it gets a little
red when he's out in the Sun but it
starts right there and then it goes kind
of up and around
no it there's no it's right here you can
see right there it kind of like goes
around like that and i keeps continuing
all the way around his head it's cool
battle in there baby it's really funny
because if you feel it you can feel the
in that piece yeah you can't and it's
funny cuz he's got a little dent in his
head probably why is so stupid you want
to get one of those ones I wanted to get
those ice cream cakes where we can draw
on him you fuck you for not normal
person ever had about that you guys are
on guard duty okay make sure no sharks
come up okay sharks Zoe
he hits a cock-up
Marly always goes to the perimeter and
make sure nobody bothers us okey
is that your place
thank you for filming the internet
thanks you Ally decided she's going to
start her own because you know they're
all like dolphin Cove palm tree lane
paradise or Fox Chase lakeside woods I
say I'm gonna call my tits and trees
well you're gonna take a left
so you went to this fancy place right
because Ali likes seafood can I eat it
so I figured since it's a birthday you
know obviously we're gonna go get some
seafood the funniest part about the
whole situation is Al and I both suck at
being fancy dinners I'm wearing some
jeans with holes excuses playing with
regular stuff - anyway guys so I'm going
to turn the camera off for just dinner
and out that I was you guys have to
didn't officially eating her first
swordfish kind of I was hoping I would
have the sword
when I go so my dad save the day
Hank I and again twice in a week I know
right
my dad said the day two times this week
at Ali or a carrot cake which is her
favorite favorite cake right that's a
favorite one another 10 more minutes of
27 is a 20-18
18 about being 18 28
I mean I'm fuck thank you guys so much
for the video I was not expecting that
Annalise actually I was giving char like
a hellacious time last night trying to
figure out what the hell he was doing
all day but thank you so much it makes
me feel so good because in all honesty
you know it was really hard for me in
the beginning and it still it's hard for
me here and there but knowing that you
guys care enough to do something like
that for me is it's very difficult for
me to actually explain to you how
touching it is and thank you so much it
means so much made my birthday just
absolutely spectacular it was one of the
best gifts I've ever received great guys
how am I gonna top that now shut up no
getting but um I don't really think you
think you think you think you think you
to everybody you know CTFxC the CTFxC
group 18 and up you know all the other
youtubers that and friends of mine that
you know left a little video message
everyone that said happy divert a happy
birthday to me online thank you guys so
much I never to million years don't be
sad little guy okay look how big this
guy's gonna be he's gonna be a big one
squeezing me there it's found it
strangled we can't like they say like I
want to stop being emo now I was going
to movie I think we both should stop
eating enough dessert watching no so mm
- hey Internet well it's time to go to
bed actually kind of funny enough I'm
literally in bed editing this talking to
camera right now so I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video don't forget to
subscribe you guys are brand new and as
you can see on the screen this is the
video that all the CPM ik Sears and our
friends made for Ally on our birthday go
check it out it's really really really
awesome I just personally honestly for
me Charles
want to say thank you guys for being
such amazing welcoming people and I hope
you guys enjoyed today's video and don't
forget to subscribe like I said blabbity
blah Charles you already said that good
please do it
