your hair please do it do it give it
your all hello guys time go to the
doctor so alle got some fruit cups for
us and if we just brush our teeth
and by the way guys red grapes and
pineapple do not do it on orange juice
do not do it nope really yes there that
the red grapes I go
syphilitic bases last night when I was
trying to export the video I must to
keep the power cord because it didn't do
it so I'm having to do it right now in
the car so I got the fruit cup
exporting I got the converter what's
this baby
Ali West birthday tomorrow
what do you want to do tomorrow turn 26
yeah 1326 you told old you know you
might want to buy to check there old man
alright so now I got to see if I can
tether to get this thing online all
right guys I'm seeing a minute so I just
bought a whole bunch of sunflowers
trolleys bit there and we're doing it so
apparently I was snoring through my eyes
first time I've ever done that
there she is sure
let's get it good hair my dad's here and
apparently being way gone black a little
tricks like that so I don't know what
name she said it's like staving diary
I've been coming up with some
anti-diarrhea recipes well for your
constipation can make it smell princess
okay okay good
we'll be a Tooting no come on mom and I
remember it good at heart
dude theme park what rhymes with heart
bro rhymes with heart heart there we go
now yeah I don't talk about that okay so
but they tell you foods high in fiber
but then are they say don't eat foods
high in fiber people have such strong
man in push me away this one's always
hard because the angle oh yeah kind of
awkward right for his first wo rld okay
backwards dl r o WM q thing stethoscope
window pillow book yeah congratulations
well small with your eyes
only you can prevent forest fires the
Smokey the Bear but like has but me okay
nothing anymore
honey your pants oppose them thanks for
noticing
don't follow me catcher I know yeah
there's a birthday tomorrow
this old lady will hear yeah thanks
excuse me sir I'd like you're older than
me so don't old lady don't get me
started
okay am i old lady I'm well
all right so that's this one that's last
month prior you guys can see and it
looks to be the exact same which is a
good thing that's Ally's pay huh
beautiful brain yeah you have a
beautiful rain babe the beautiful brain
full of pink what a lot Oh a duck whack
whack whack whack whack so we're gonna
go see my uncle my aunt but the thing is
we have no idea where to go so we gotta
go find my sister to give the address by
the way good news is the doctor right
guys my super you're my rock your wife
superwoman
got a read up on your stories there baby
looks just like yeah where was little my
grandma would always have like National
Enquirer stuff all over her house my boy
hey what's wrong
huh what see this is my toy you leave it
alone the best part about this is just
listen to Tyson
oh sorry Tyson has room where it's not
like we're someone we are snuggling sir
once it goes down he's comfortable dog
but getting him down is like impossible
so we look okay Gagen tell your dragon
yeah
tasty oh you again for your dragon oh
you just farted on camera she did she
did she did this it goes tennis shoe I
see if she pees or fell self I got it on
camera film you go help your ally go
help her what's he doing you go help
your ally go help her what's he doing
miss my hips don't lie
please do it do it you tear all we're
seeing with you Tim so she gets back and
well it was at 10 20 minutes until Ali's
birthday so we have to technically stop
the video right now so that way she has
a nice little birthday surprise for
tomorrow it is true I made a leap your
pants because I tickled her so much I
have particular empowers hope you guys
enjoyed today's video
actually I want to ask I the comments
have you guys ever laughed so hard you
peed have you ever done out yes so be
honest guys have gotten so scared that
you peed just a little bit just a little
bit so also doctor news amazing news
let's talk about that so the doctor said
everything is still is it stat that
static it's like to us there's still not
moving it's still not growing it's still
in good condition right now every single
time to go to these things I'm always
terrified of selling Ali I'm always
petrified to go to these things even
though that's why I go every single
month the doctors actually want me to go
every other month that's but I'm so
paranoid that I've been going every
single month think what I know it will
be fine I know Tyson's gonna be fine and
this how the world works so before you
guys go you can see on the screen right
now there's a bunch of CTFxC r--'s and
youtubers that made a video for Ali's
birthday you can click right here and
you can go watch it or you can click on
a link in description go see how many
people you can recognize I thought it
was the sweetest thing in the world and
I just wanted to show you guys directly
don't worry tomorrow actually gonna film
her reaction watching the video so
that'll be fun but until then the CTFxC
made this amazing video for Ali at her
birthday and I just wanted to upload it
and say thank you personally I know
she's gonna be in tears click right here
or go in the description below see you
tomorrow special
right hand free
and now I lay there we go
so further replay Ally fat cheated I saw
everyone
