hey honey so I just saw what the CTFxC
is doing for you and I had to be a part
of it so I just wanted to say I'm
actually getting on the plane right now
so I can go see you and kiss you on the
face but until then I just want to say
you were the smartest funniest most
hilarious woman that I've actually ever
met and user of all happiness in the
world and I hope you have a great day
bed and you're my old lady even though
I'm older than you all right I'll see
you in a couple hours
hey Ally I'm Chrissy from Las Vegas I
want you to know that you were so
beautiful inside and out and that I the
CTFxC 18 and up and a few other faces
you might recognize wanted to wish you a
very happy birthday thank you so much
for everything you do for the CTFxC and
thank you for accepting us
wholeheartedly
I truly hope this is the best year yet
happy birthday whoo we love you hi Daddy
I love you hey Ally Amy waters here from
Salt Lake City I just wanted to wish you
a very happy Ally day I hope we have a
fantastic date as you of all people
deserve it I just wanted to thank you
for being someone that the secant vexy
can look up to and we're not only
putting a smile on our faces but most
importantly putting a smile on Charles
face and just thank you we love you so
much and guess what I found the snow hey
Ally I'm Denise from New York and I want
to wish you a super happy birthday
the CTFxC a tuneup group wants to send
you as much love as humanly possible in
your birthday we've all seen how strong
you've been this year and we've seen
your awesome personality shine through
thanks for giving us a glimpse of your
life happy birthday love you bye happy
birthday Ally I am confident that you
will get your wish and this will be the
best year yet how can it not be when
you're a part of a family like ours we
love you happy birthday happy birthday
and they have a great day nothing the UK
happy birthday you rascal happy birthday
Ally
we love you t meal whoo we have a
wonderful day we're so excited and
grateful to share this first birthday
with you it's a true treasure thank you
for being in our lives and being such a
wonderful happy birthday Ally I hope you
have a birthday as beautiful as you are
and I hope to meet you someday hi Ally
happy birthday all the way from Hawaii I
hope you have a wonderful day and I also
have to I see you again sometime soon
Wow Bali happy birthday I hope you're
having a great day and I'll see you soon
hey Ali happy birthday may your day be
as awesome as you are fabulous sorry the
kids are here we know that's only the
only reason why you happy birthday we
hope you have a great day
bite Gerald's nipple that's our birthday
present to you I don't know hey I just
want to say happy birthday thank you
being so amazing and funny and kind and
sweet
everyone just just for being you and
he'll be the good one did my craziest
bun just for you happy birthday Ali from
me and my dog Odie in JJ's happy
birthday happy birthday Alley Cat I hope
you have a great amazing birthday I love
you so much
and I can't wait to celebrate with you
soon happy birthday Ali I love you very
very very very very much
Ali happy birthday hope you have a great
day
CTFxC for the win happy birthday Ali so
happy to have you as part of my life a
love you oh happy birthday Elly happy
birthday and welcome we love you so much
and I hope that you feel comfortable
with us you're our family now happy
birthday I love you
hi Ali my name is Kaden and I want to
wish you a happy birthday from the CTFxC
family to you happy birthday Elly hope
it's a good one
Ali I heard that it's your birthday and
I'm in the studio right now with the one
and only Danny Japanese in the studio
literally right now recording some drum
parts I just wanted to say happy
birthday we love you and so happy that
you're a part of the family and have a
good birthday year thingy I don't know
how old you are I was gonna try to
figure it out I'm gonna say twenty seven
twenty eight twenty six twenty seven
twenty eight you're you're there I know
you're not 30 yet are you
I heard you like snow so here you go oh
yeah I want to wish you a Happy Birthday
make it an awesome one and
hey Ali you just want to wish you a
happy happy birthday the first time me
and Liz met you you you treated us like
we had been friends forever and and it's
just so awesome to be around you you're
always so happy and you have such a
wonderful smile and in such a lovely
personality and and we just we just love
you so we hope you have an amazing day
and we wish you many many more and happy
birthday my name is Denise ahead enough
from Las Vegas Nevada here - was she the
most happiest birthday ever
much love hope to meet you soon one
level higher hey Ali this is Jordan from
Columbia South Carolina just wanted to
tell you happy birthday and that I love
you bye hey Ali it's Liza from Sydney
Australia and I just wanted to wish you
a happy birthday I hope you have the
best day with all your loved ones and
hopefully I'll get a chance to meet you
soon
love you bye Ali what's up happy
birthday happy birthday you're a strong
independent woman and we just wanted to
take a minute I don't know I don't know
Ali happy birthday I hope it's a good
one from helium myself save date hey
sissy happy birthday I hope you have a
fantastic day I love you so much and 28
it's just gonna be a fantastic year so
happy birthday hey Haley it's never fun
in Jersey happy birthday you'll feel a
wonderful day and enjoy yourself
welcome to see
sexy is that wonderful to see you in we
hope to see all of you happy birthday
Ali this is really inappropriate because
I'm shirtless so let's just fake like I
would shirt on right now
happy birthday Ali um I have no shirt on
right now I just gotta have a shower see
so that's the reason you're right Ali
look at the best day from all the way
over here and I assure you okay I hope
you have a great day
love you lots I have an awesome one
happy birthday Ali hope you have a
wonderful day and just remember today
it's free reign on freakin Charles love
you hey Ali
happy birthday god bless many more to
come
and I think you're terrific young lady
and you and Charles make a great couple
and wish all the best bye bye take care
hey Ali its Sean from yellow card just
wanted to wish you a happy birthday I
hope you enjoy your day miss you hey Ali
um I just wanted to stop by and say
happy birthday and I hope you have a
great day
hey Ali I just wanted to say hey I just
wanna wish you a happy happy birthday
well that's great hello Ali happy
birthday
some Canadians it was lovely I got
nothing I got nothing happy birthday
Ally it was great seeing you happy
birthday
I'm Karen and that's Mia we just want to
say happy birthday Ally
hope you have a great day the CTFxC does
love from me and Brittany and little
cameras over here wave cane say hi happy
birthday Elly we hope you have a
fantastic
happy birthday Ally I hope you have a
great one hi Ellie I'm Shireen I'm a
proud member of the CDF exceed 18 Plus
Facebook page and I wanted to wish you a
very very very happy birthday
and I hope that it's actually the most
amazing we got you this puppy would you
like Peters I just wanted to wish you a
very happy birthday in school just
wondering what you a happy birthday hope
you have a great day it's a birthday
happy birthday hey happy birthday
from me Hunter burden this is Ryan I
like to wish you a happy birthday
Hayley everyone from the I just wanted
to wish you a happy birthday from
Chicago I hope you have the best year of
your life you're an inspiration to a lot
of stay awesome side happy birthday Ally
blow your candles see I made a
demonstration
happy birthday Ally from Tijuana Mexico
keep being awesome having awesome day I
hope hi Ellie
happy birthday hope you have a great day
and ciao spoils is so much a great one
happy birthday I hope you have an
amazing birthday
are you ready tonight from our family to
you Ally
happy birthday and I don't think you
never really met Jedi well she kind of
did yeah but jenny was still in your
belly it's kind of weird but we all wish
you a happy birthday hi ollie RF is down
here to wish you a happy birthday
with the pyrotechnics happy birthday
your birthday pyrotechnics are in my
drink happy birthday Allie and you for
sharing us with us we love you
hey Elliott Sabrina DJ here heard it's
your birthday birthday happy birthday
Allie for me and my dog Lulu you are
truly awesome and we all love you have a
great day
