everyone's is lounging around still got
the glasses on yes yes and actually it's
not morning I'd love to remind the
internet but it's not morning cause in
German means a whale's vagina
you'll comfy
you look coffee look what Zoe's already
done it's between Zoe and Tyson certain
yes sometimes it gets absurd no this is
absurd this is absurd yeah I thought
that was baby hahaha you had a community
I'm not a snake Tim you had a pet snake
I had a Python six foot Python oh I
didn't care about your opinion
it's honestly I'm trying to pee and I'm
always right
I love electronics and I know everything
cuz I Google the world if what I'm using
right
I use Internet and Google Google Google
this is what I have to deal with all the
time so fried love Google without Google
I don't think it's right but I'm Jeong
Ruby oh Slurpees fur I see I see that's
the correct answer
correct answer we're gonna try impedance
oops prayer he literally just put a
camera in front of Ali's face and things
that she says to herself just talking to
yourself some up a bear
can I just pick one out and they you
have to try on guys front I get the
penguin out I had one but that I just
saw this oh my god
alright so much madam do you want do you
want the Waldo one sure or do you want
the American looking one looks great
perfect perfection but America so
apparently the one I got was entirely
too small about to be American so Ali
and I gonna do the classic game of
Twister I haven't done that since I was
little you want a pony
no people die more from Hana mrs. and
lions and tigers got it
yeah go baby
he knows what's really hit a wall of
unlimited childhood memories ma'am how
you feelin Tyson I don't know if you
guys have found out or knew if you guys
are subscribe to my sister Channel
well basically mr. ty has bone cancer
but that doesn't mean anything cuz we're
gonna kick some ass right ty if I can do
it you can do it she announced it on her
channel like two days ago so if you guys
can I'll put a link in the description
below and she'll explain everything
little piggy for Marley and then Zoe so
you always get the dragon okay and this
is for you buddy
you happy now Zoe plate it I have
definitely broken Zoe when she was a
puppy he's on his medicine right now as
you can see his eyes are super dilated
cousin you heart
yeah oh
from the burning tree nope Tyson I know
right hand red all right no no no not
time we got a playbook for you to use on
this drugs right now so I get to choose
so I want left foot green you're welcome
you're welcome Ali sorry that kind of
backfired for you
you wanna I'm gonna keep using left foot
blue blue dream friend of you doofy
would you move to left hand can't do
that was I left and I all right on the
right I love what Charlie clearly can't
listen to instruction left foot blue
oh I look like a frog okay even know
what kind of charm where that's not
you're a little bit your right hand on
your right side of your body I try to
move my left foot this Oh your left foot
where's your left foot even supposed to
be right now
okay right hand green oh that wasn't
that fun now I like it there we go
payback's a bitch
so on further replay a leaked in fact
cheated I saw everywhere yeah mesmerized
by Bubba duty - right now you look like
Kristen Wiig character from second X
alive the target girl yeah hey you're on
drugs Tyson yeah and you're really just
right hand in the air are you Charles
you're supposed to wave it like you just
don't care okay that's the rules
ah you look like you care right now
we're gonna get really pathetic there
you go I got the twist one more time
little peek through a little picture
there we go okay stick that butt up
higher Ally
there you go that's good
now go Gary cows are so cute Jason
everyone screengrab this this is Tyson
what are we March yeah he's mr. March
see this doesn't make any sense though
because none of these things are actual
bones in operation to be like actual
bones now for some reason you eat your
video game and controller
I guess you test there somehow I eat
this man ate some headphones three you
guys are fed shows they're so big I
don't know when the whole thing for so
much smaller I may because they're more
rewarding for kids
Oh worse
honey your arm study you Sydney you stop
touching cheated your stuff at a cheater
if your turn
oh god I have the two last hardest ones
assholes okay Michael focus focus focus
better come on down
look how pretty she is so greedy ha just
kidding bring it all back round back
bring it on back bring it on back
sorry I'm just loopy Twain so noxious
tonight I like it Charles your face is
obnoxious you understand you don't want
the marbles to drop right I know I'm
sacrificing some ideas our idea is
you're a plan of a clever individual I'm
I'm sick I've said in a setting it up so
when Wilson goes on knocks down
you got this babe don't tell me what I
already know
there's your thumbnail right there she's
so much in you I don't see and it's like
making
redressing really this games pretty easy
um you're the one that has a marble
oh yeah just wait you just wait shit's
gonna get real real oh shit there's
nothing to it work that man is
completely stuck so I felt bad for you
red Ali when the upper boom and a legate
right back wondering why the hell you're
ready to flip it so poised I felt so bad
I did that to you Roy you turn it right
around all right guys time to go to bed
but first I've got to do this freaking
thing okay so I didn't tell you guys
tomorrow I have to do another MRI check
out which is like you know the monthly
thing that I have to do so I'm gonna go
to bed now so I'm nice and rested for
tomorrow because I've been kind of a
lack of sleep you go with the show
traveling and stuff like that anyway so
in the comments I want you guys to tell
me your favorite board game as a kid
mine would either be clue or crossfire
so tell me in the comments anyway if you
guys read new don't forget to click the
little subscribe button and I will see
you tomorrow Czar's doodles so do I
Oh
the internet read or watch we just
become in colors
so lecture I'm a fennec I need to get
some ginger I don't have any Jordan so I
have these old sore leg on that we cut
you short
okay okay George I told you George
ComNet good
your white legs you really white legs
