good super freakin early in the morning
guys we are heading to San Diego
I am bringing Travis's guitar for him
because I'm a nice friend yeah I know
I'm a nice friend wait I gotta say bye
to my sexy driver who was just waking up
as well little bun head so we are flying
to San Diego
you guys haven't figured it out yet so
we're flying there tonight playing
tonight flying back tomorrow examples
that you know you're at an airport two
early stores aren't even open sleeping
you pitched actually sleep that's
actually a legit question good morning
good morning he came down a little bit
happiest dogs around getting their
morning walk in so the girls and I are
out getting our early walk in actually a
very very early start today because I
had to drop off shar at the airport it
just so happened that I couldn't not
fall back asleep so got the guitar going
you're not allowed to go anything
anywhere without Elliot I wish I can't
eat worthy in there to start editing a
little bit for today and I realized
there is no computer in my backpack
let's just happen
so Danny how much money do you the don't
work guys I'm gonna get this online even
if I have to jump Danny when he's not
paying attention it'll go on that so
craziness is officially struck Carl's
left his computer at the airport which
he has never done before he's never
forgotten
pretty much anything in the house to do
with YouTube so we're kind of in a
dilemma because I'm in st. Petersburg
running a bunch of errands and now we're
gonna find a wild goose chase trying to
make sure first we can get the vlog
that's supposed to be of today as in
today as in right now which tomorrow
it'll be yesterday so yesterday's vlog
so I did a little thinking and I
remembered when I got that pat down at
the airport that I had put my computer
in the security bin so right now my dad
is racing to the airport security to
turn the computer on so that way I can
remotely upload the vlog so that way we
don't miss a day
I'm a little anxious right now loading
you with four yeah he's probably trying
to watch the growing process friends so
I find it crazy I always started off
saying oh we're starting the day off
right we're going for a walk it's gonna
be nice though it's really dreary
outside then I went and jumped to it's
gonna be a really crazy day because John
left this computer at the airport well
now guess what problem solved
back to being a good day my friend Devon
is kind of throwing me a little like
birthday get-together thing and I'm just
getting or at least I'm gonna try to get
what I need to get for my outfit first
Saturday but I'm gonna keep that a
little bit hush-hush until Saturday but
I'm super excited and I'm super excited
that we got the whole vlog thing the
whole computer thing every every little
detail that has to do with anything
about YouTube is now solved alright so
now we're good and the only reason why
this vlog is gonna get up and the
records going to be intact is because my
dad is being a badass and Danny is
allowing me to use his computer even
though I just lost the computer easiest
thousand bucks I've ever made waiting
for my dad to upload the stuff to me so
that way I can upload the vlog I switch
the the time do you see at the bottom
when you tap the screen on your phone
and it's like on the book there's a red
button and then a left side and then
it's got a little switcher button right
yep perfect
don't do it again
all right perfect all right dad you
pretty much single-handedly saved the
vlog for today no everything's online
now I can take care of it from here all
right thank you daddy love you why are
you seeing it like the fucking blue
black I know I saw yeah I was with him I
saw wait wait gold and then all of a
sudden now I can't see white and gold
anymore I never saw white really picture
to my mom she's like oh that's white and
golden like really my dad saved today so
I have to run back to the hotel and
upload did you good sound like the bird
every time I come inside and then you
got this crazy buddy yeah see hi
everyone save the beer gotta be honest
guys I honestly thought I was gonna miss
a day
I hope my dad a beard
and now he's gonna put it back come on
strong Duncan wwt CD who would Travis
Clark do we could set that up Duncan's
got the only table hey buddy it's gonna
be fun getting back on the stage you
don't wanna show them off they're
immature that was daddy's he was working
out for two weeks
I have fun I'll give you this have a
wireless is wireless issues with the
guitar again yeah all right every time I
see a plug like this it makes me think
of like an evil villain killing power to
the world or something like that
it's just evil evil plug right so we're
doing a little photo shoot just a quick
one album cover guys this is for our new
single I'm thinking sunshine stairwells
a chain link fence
alright look do it cooler no no no no do
it cooler a little bit upset with myself
I should be out having a good time but
I'm not because I have a big day
tomorrow and I would rather much much
rather hang out with the dogs right now
actually I think diesel lots of girls
die so I gotta make this quick
how dare you film right now when I have
to be I'm sorry I'm going to take you
call them say mommy take me out now
right now we got Zoey over here Zoey
what are you doing do you have your
charts out here
kidding kidding kidding kidding and I
got Mar Mar she's hanging out in
Diesel's bed these are pants these are
pants with wide legs wonder what that is
these are big hoop earrings cheesy retro
glasses those are all things I'm gonna
give you tomorrow I want to leave it as
much of a surprise as possible even
though I probably just rode it but this
van has a glorious beard if you actually
meet Ben smell his beard it smells
delicious it smells like lemon so when
you see men at the front of house
look at 10 carats that look like a trap
number 11
hey guys you hear about the guy that hit
the hit by a can of soda he was lucky he
was a soft drink
so Ali couldn't come to this show so she
sent her surrogate again there we go the
kids got to make sure Travis is right
yeah we're good
everybody in this room if for three
seconds you can be completely quiet
Charles will do a dick windmill the
entire next song you got the alley bun
gone oh shit I just knocked it but out
look at that beard the Ben beard
well Internet I have no idea how today
actually came through didn't miss a vlog
I'm editing today's vlog the one you're
watching right now thanks to Danny he
was taking a shower and I appreciate it
the internet the internet is very
thankful we are gonna end the vlog but
this is gonna be a little bit different
so Ali's gonna say goodnight but the
thing is using Danny's computer I have
no outro of it I have none of the outro
stuff see you tomorrow this is the outro
song for only today cuz Charles is
stupid and dad left his computer at the
airport this song sucks
