good morning Internet this is my banana
dolphin I saw this online I had to make
you banana dolphin no banana came with I
Caitlyn is here with me my sister we're
gonna have a sister day kind of full
sister afternoon char is that one with
the dogs doing his char thing I don't
really know this is why I hate going to
Cheesecake Factory got that got that and
this is where they seat us right here
rain front of all of that straight
shenanigans
free pizza okay now you got my attention
there so Ali wants to start learning how
to edit so I got her one of these cool
little things to go on the keyboard that
gives you basically all the commands so
like if I'm gone
sure all those pills I showed you guys
yesterday well I'm out of a lot of them
oh Oh Ellis that was bad bad so I
gotta go we get little refill I think
when I Drive to go through the
drive-thru at the pharmacy it's like
crazy foreshadowing what I'm gonna be
like when I'm older
bumblebee golf cart pill pickup Charles
ran three miles today now it's my turn
to go and work out I did just cheesecake
factory and I'm still trying to get
healthy well super healthy I'm trying to
start 28 well
my 28th year of life off properly I want
to be healthy and it would be happy and
I'm happy but I still need to get
healthier than I already am so and I
think you could always get a little bit
healthier so now I am off to the gym
three years ago today the 24th of
February three years ago was when I
found out that I actually had a tumor in
my brain this is thinking about health
and three years ago since I've actually
happened I'm trying to think about like
how I felt the day that the minute they
actually told me about that I don't
wanna get all emo but I just noticed it
was the 24th can I get your number
girls I have an idea so you ready get up
here I have a great idea I'm gonna have
the drone chase the golf cart
but surely I'm getting my chops back get
it cuz a chopper Josh I other battery's
about to die in this thing now alright
going home you guys to stay out here
beware of the Bobcat Zoe leaving any day
now we're not just waiting for you huh
whenever he's always ready to go we're
leaving three years ago was the day I
found out I had a tumor in my head
first off can't believe it's been three
years second off that tumor and I
was thinking about like what has
happened in the past three years and how
I felt back then when I found out a lot
of people always asked me how I felt
when I found out that like the doctor
told me I had a tumor the honest answer
is I have no idea how I felt like it's I
remember the doctor coming in saying it
was a tumor
and I think Danny was with me and I
remember joking around because that's
like my failsafe for like being an
uncomfortable situation or anything like
that I just joke around hence the reason
why everyone thinks that I'm so immature
it's not that it's just that's how I
deal with things 2:24 three years ago
that is so crazy
another reason perfect example why I
love being able to film every single day
of my life is that things like this I
can go back and see how I reacted and
see how I felt and kind of relive it hey
what the frickin monster then we go over
here and now look at it it's pretty much
gone
I remember I had to fall wrist bracelet
forever because I was so stubborn I kept
getting up anything guys if any of these
videos I hope if anything I go through
this it's sucky that you guys can get a
laugh out of something honestly that
means I've done my job correctly so to
24 2012 so I was just kind of maybe
about six seven months into we the kings
forget about all those amazing things
places I got to go all those places I
got to meet you guys that thing back
there like amazing
all those happened in the past three
years it's definitely a slap in the face
kick ass
keep kicking ass no matter what without
you guys brought me being on event to
you guys the way I have I don't know
where I'd be
I think I would have gone crazy I think
I would have legit gone crazy
I would have been the guy in the corner
just like talking to himself that would
be me although technically I am actually
talking to myself raise a second Ali
just came back with a bunch of health
stuff and she's so sweet she's like look
if you can do this and then you can have
the chia seeds and then you can do this
if you're not eat you don't have enough
time for food you're so adorable
adorable little nurse and then tonight
I've been saving for this one I'm
totally doing this birch beer guys Marty
get the bug get that bug Marley
do you feels like using a video game I
think
listen Ally's new episode of the podcast
is live links down there in the
description well it's just weird I was
giving used to this whole vlog thing
won't you just behind your glass wait
put your hair back in a ponytail oh so
cute no no honey no that's like me going
like this hello I am Charles Trippy I am
Lois is Oliver and I wish the internet
could see what is there we were actually
trying to introduce you but yeah this
year a little bit soon blood jumpy
welcome welcome
you know just make yourself at home we
do have another individual that's really
quiet and calm and nice and respected
with always skeptical act like you've
been there charlie okay shut up well yep
if you having fun and develop ool
because if you jump out of the pool
I walked out of the time applauding you
because you're Oscars but we still got
that game
so you guys can go listen to that
episode so much fun
can you put the link in the description
below I can push the thumbs up and we
will comment the video right now go
check out the podcast guys that was a
fun one to do and like I said thank you
guys so much for letting me talk to you
let me just vent it's been a while three
years with this whole situation but we
will kick its ass thank you so much for
watching today's video and I will see
you guys tomorrow always doodles
whose lives authority
come on honey
 doors
yeah you know weirdo
with what hanging out yep
hey big boy what's your name
