I have no idea but she doesn't like that
noise is that offensive is it very
offensive diesel is not feeling good
today so I'm cooking him some rice and
some ground turkey and I think I'm gonna
put a little bit of broccoli in there I
might not do that but his stomach is
upset so hopefully he feels better hey
Boyd how are you feeling yeah I got a
little tummy ache
yeah his I took him for a little walk
this morning and he's just been throwing
up all morning and he's that a really
upset stomach and not the best way to
start the day is it buddy
I hate it when our dogs aren't feeling
good it always just makes me feel
absolutely terrible I'm gonna credit you
guys somebody sent me a link to a place
where they have these braces for dogs
like hips hip dysplasia and just all
around things that Zoey's in like
encountering right now with her
arthritis
so as you can see what it is it's
something that kind of braces the dogs
hips and I think it pulls them up so
there's less pressure I've been waiting
to get this for a while and now it's
time to fit it on though and see if it
works I'm very very hopeful
I hope the words let's take a little
walk so I think we're discovering this
is the important part this is what the
lifts are out because it's not supposed
to be a harness is supposed to be a
brace she's not moving anywhere there we
go Wow look at her legs they're not so
like crossed around that kind of looks a
little goofy though I definitely don't
care as long as she actually can walk
yeah cuz normally her legs are all
crossed look at that no it looks fine
but like her legs are usually like this
but she's walking completely completely
apart I think one fell off never little
thing you fell off pooey it's kind of
funny being back here trying to show Ali
see that palm tree right there yeah
that's where the cops try to get me
that's where I hid a week ago huh I'm
such a wriggle if you have no idea was
it last it was last week last Friday
when I went out campout for the iPhone
10 dangerous we had I just watched that
just watch that video and you'll see
what I'm talking about I'll put a link
in the description here's my game plan
just outside of the well yeah this
weekend no he has this weekend Ali's
going I'm taking this back by the way
way too expensive Ali's gonna go see her
niece for the first time in st. Louis
and unfortunately because of the timing
and we weren't able to find anyone to
watch the dogs and honestly the tickets
jumped so high within a couple days we
couldn't just like swing it right now
yeah but I didn't yeah now that yeah and
I looked at every single airline
but like just in 24 hours it was
dramatic difference
it went from no joke two hundred two
hundred dollars six seven hundred close
to $800 that was her Delta that well
that was Delta even though wasn't like
the frontier and all that what it's
gonna suck I unfortunately can't go this
this round what they're gonna be here
for Christmas so I get to meet her
get to meet her then so I was looking at
baby blues for his niece so we're
obviously look at baby clothes for Ali's
in the East right now and I was walking
through and I saw this one and it kind
of got me chuckle on a little bit
because there is no way any kid nowadays
this small knows what that thing is
hopefully they know what that is I just
thought was kind of funny so two things
Ally's never had Pocky before like look
at this this looks big
it doesn't even do it justice on this
thing see if it does it on the iPhone
not at all
definitely looks way better on the
iPhone doesn't do justice how's your old
lady brace going actually looking a
little bit better I'm leaving tomorrow
to go and see my brother my
sister-in-law and my brand-new little
baby niece I'm so excited about it first
up I'm excited to see all of them and to
me Lila for the first time I'm also
excited because it's gonna be kind of
cold I'm like I really want the cold
weather and I know I'm gonna be that
person that's like all I really want the
cold weather and then I'm gonna complain
about it I was the hot weather
but right now I really want I want the
cold weather really really bad but
usually before we go to town we always
get pizza here's the thing I still nap
packed and you guys know me I tend over
pack so I'm gonna try my best to not
over pack today I do have a little gift
for Lila and I know I I feel like
sometimes maybe I'm buying too much but
it's like I don't know about you guys
but I love giving gifts and I love like
making people happy even though she's a
little little baby like it's just so
exciting to me to have like a nice and
to be able to buy her things so I gotta
get that I have I have some gifts for my
brother and my sister-in-law like soft
to give to them that have been in my
house for so long I have a feeling we
haven't done this in a while I was
trying to find it for the longest time
look she's like the Halloween cat going
up here we go hey Zoe 20 I think Zoe
attacks the laser pointer more than the
cat does
I feel like this is like deja vu all
over again
you're traveling more than me lately do
you feel better so I look evil because I
feel like I look evil with my mask on Oh
as you can tell the night is ending and
I have packed my stuff
it's what I'm wearing tomorrow I always
go comfy with the flannel and I get to
finally wear my jacket
it's really stupid but it's a jacket
that I've had forever and I got until a
long time ago and I absolutely love it
but I finally get to wear winter clothes
and not actually look like a complete
weirdo being in Florida because if you
were a big giant winter jacket and it's
you know sixty degrees outside people
start to judge I don't blame them
whatsoever basically all my pegs are
packed and I literally am ready to go
diesel is picking up on what's going on
Nia how are you feeling are you feeling
better
do you think that you're gonna be able
to handle the animals home gun could be
a challenge you can do it you can do it
but I'm gonna miss everybody I am I'm
really excited to go but I am a little
bummed out he's constantly on tour now
it's just like this has been kind of an
exciting couple of weeks for me and I'm
very happy and I feel super lucky that
I'm able to do it I have a super leap
like it's way early I know right
okay well anyways I'm the type of person
when I have a flight or have something
like big I have to do the next day and
it's relatively early in the morning I
cannot sleep at all so I'm really hoping
they get a little bit of sleep tonight
because I know that as soon as I get
there all I'm gonna want to do is hang
out with my brother and sister-in-law
and my new niece I need my rest
I need more obviously I need my beauty
rest over near what happened 82nd what I
was gonna drop it I'll be on my toe he's
not gonna do it look at that tail
Marley's already in bed she's actually
in Diesel's bed which is so funny she's
probably gonna confiscate that the whole
weekend I'm predictable that wasn't too
bad actually looks like an evil dragon
alright guys don't forget to subscribe
and we will see you guys tomorrow as
always say good night Rica you didn't
say good night goodbye good night
Internet we'll see you tomorrow
