smile look like gem fun good morning
Internet back up the doctor's no time to
fill up I'll bitter work but look at
this this is pretty sweet
dr. tightening so much in my life
actually trying to end right right now
by the way this is pretty awesome kind
of handle right now almost impossible
Ali come here I look inside your brain
oh look inside your brain it's great
we'll put it there just imagine falling
in that so I just got done with my
doctor's appointment and here comes the
car I just got done I just got done
uploading the vlog and the state had to
stay functional guys it is super early
in the morning alien are zombies but I
just got done for another doctor this
was the forget their names
this was the seizure doctor at home
doctor seizure at the left ologist
that's what I call it I guess thank you
everything everything is okay my brains
still there they're just yeah they're
just trying what they say
basically what they're trying to do is
well I don't want to say the cause of
the seizures because I don't think
that's exactly what he was saying but
what's gonna be the best result to
controlling the seizures well it's going
to be the best thing for you whether
it's certain medication taking off
certain medication things like a
cocktail of pills which is gross and
it's crazy because they were asking a
lot of questions that I've never been
asked before in regards to how his
seizure goes so this is interesting both
the doctors were asking is if Ali or my
mom ever filmed it because they were
asking because they want to know what
you know what it looks like and it's so
crazy we're just thinking about it
because we film everything in our life
but that's one thing we've never got on
camera guys that's a new house it's a
new house right there okay right there's
our house Kobe's hanging out Alan I just
took everyone out and look he didn't
want to go he didn't want to go did you
know I'm so tired
here's the dork come on ty char honey oh
my gosh such a dork
oh yeah you're a weirdo
I read dark my butt hanging out yep hey
big boy what's your name he's four times
the size of Zoey and it's all your cute
very cute
I'm gonna call you her she looks like
her she ate a few Hershey's you big boy
oh you're a cute boy wait that's a girl
we've been calling all boy the whole
time I'm sorry we calling you a boy the
whole time I feel like a little kid with
stuffed pant legs how do you get dirt
out of your pant legs when I was a kid
how did I how did you get that time tide
shout baby yell at it you want to pickle
it I think you should pickle it I don't
know if I don't have a bird I can't
catch one sorry mom got some special
bandanas for everybody so the boys get
this one Diesel's got his and then the
girls get their little polka dots Cassie
how cute you look yeah yeah yeah
she's like I'm cool booth like this this
is vanilla chocolate this is white
chocolate here other was dark chocolate
I like to say that that's caramel this
is caramel that was mocha well you like
together you know look like a new book
Zoey are you really going to ban the
eyes I'm so sorry mom where I know he's
really annoying don't you be grumpy when
the road gets bumpy just smell smell
smell let me happy don't wear a long
face it's never inside be optimistic and
smile
smile look like gem fun what you do look
like a you look like a fly thank you for
making me feel pretty you're beautiful
you know that I was thinking Oh
beautiful right now though you don't
yeah Joey chillin he's ready to go home
I have a new game it's called snap alley
it's almost impossible see if you guys
are following me if you guys are
following me on my snapchat you probably
already figured out let's shut dick look
at the demon dog Oh together over here
this is that Jack game okay
why did you take a photo of the dog yeah
he's got to do right
oh that's video you guys but I already
know from Lee the kinks on the Skyway
Avenue well we are currently on it now
and you can't even see the sky way does
the fog I look at there it is right
there couldn't even see that
I think that look like go ship right
there just showed up we got a snapshot
it got it I am deathly afraid of bridges
like driving over bridges when I used to
drive over I almost would just like
close my eyes it's like that movie what
movie was that where the person was so
scared oh it's true man shit I just look
how creepy this looks too I'm sorry but
I'm using my computer I'm trying to edit
trying to stay punctual
that's my new goal this week is the
state function one of the videos because
I realized I'm sorry guys last week
other week videos were kind of all over
with the schedule I was trying something
new it didn't work out so I'm going to
try something else
I'm afraid of bridges here's a Truman
Show and out is that ironic because what
I do is I film everything I used to
memorize okay
a reoccurring dream about going over
particular bridge but I can see all
these cars like going into the water
nobody's gonna stop that's also ironic
because that's unfortunately what
happened to the Skyway
all right so today at the doctor's we
decided to tweak the medication just a
little bit so I'm messing with it right
now every single time I do this I feel
like out of the pharmacist pretty you
guys something this is this is what's
crazy I'm going to show you guys what I
have to take in one day just one day
this is just one day morning and night
Ali did you ever see us leave this no
that is one freaking day guys that's why
no this is the first time I've ever done
this it kind of freaks me out a little
bit chemo and then yeah then one with
chemo I have another I know they're like
three or four pills it's kind of funny I
feel more of a drug dealer now than I've
ever possibly could ever imagine in my
entire life by the sadness it's kind of
weird to think about long as I'm alive
okay hope you guys enjoyed today's video
doodles I guess who has the best big
smile
nearly did them defeated
for now I know it's a fake one
good dog
don't give up
and got these ones
it's a little love muffin here's the
Chuck
