okay pop up come on go running go
running that's that cool schedule that's
a Zoe so you know Marly I have you guys
have been wondering why I've been
assortment of blankets on the couch it's
because of this little jerk All Right
see you guys acting like 30 minutes -
miles - miles in let's go for three
which I actually hate running but love
it at the same time
home stretch home stretch three miles we
can do this
never mind that ugly slow motion so
guess what today is
time to get my taxes done day I also
know that with taxes a lot of people do
their own but to be completely honest
I'm a little bit freaked out to do my
own so I feel like I would miss
something or I don't know III honestly I
feel like something would go wrong if I
did my taxes on man so I have my mom's
good for anything for years for me is
gonna do him but I don't know I I'm sure
there's so many people out there who's
done it and am i weirdo because I don't
do my own taxes vacuums and look I just
got a new dinner plate growing up I'm
like refusing to do it I know you guys
probably think I'm like the most
immature human out there but I guess
what it is I am NOT going to lose sense
of who I am and I love to be goofy and
have fun even though I have to grow up
ever so every once in a while so
we all do them was actually talking to
try the other day and I was like ah char
I bet you everyone thinks that I'm like
this immature adult and you know I'm
just the person that I think I have a
pretty quirky personality and I'm so
thankful for it and sometimes I am a
little over the top but it's just who I
am and it's just because we're having
fun and I say and I challenge everyone
honestly I challenge everyone to this
like be yourself
have fun and who cares if people don't
like it or they don't understand it or
or they aren't the same way if you're
goofy and you're fun be goofy and be fun
if you are someone who's more reserved
you were sore but I always say step out
into your box step out of your comfort
zone because at the end of the day it's
your life
be happy make fun to yourself I always
dance in public it makes you feel good
dancing in public I promise you it's
gonna make you feel good but honestly I
was like I said I was talking to
charnot's you know what I am so happy
that I met a person who can be just as
goofy as me in public and in life
honestly just in life and I don't know
I'd rather smile and be happy then
you grumpy and negative for listening to
my heart to heart as I ramble on all of
this comes down as I go get my taxes
done what you guys want to do now since
Diesel's coming here today and they're
sure the girls are nice and tidy right
we're gonna have a puppy day that cool
with you guys let's go with me
I saw this one meme online it was like
1990 it's a good kid flying a kite and
then it shows like 2015 I just realize
hopefully you guys can hear me I have
the waterproof casing on here I figure I
should just start keeping a waterproof
casing on this thing since I keep
jumping cool with it and look who's here
okay I know it sounds really stupid but
we're having a girls night and we're
gonna paint males and that's what we
normally do in girl's face so I got
Savannah a little gift it's in there oh
oh I'm gonna drop everything but yes I'm
adding to her glorious little nail
polish collection if you thought I had a
problem I got it from her
well check that off is the first time
ever putting a camera on a pile of ants
it's Zoe
super Zoe this is a girl trying to take
a selfie oh shit I keep recording okay
you look right here hi back okay camera
a giant cotton ball what are you doing
little princess sitting on nice clothes
what do you do over there it's so funny
so not sure you guys can see this but
this is what the window said to my hair
the weather tonight is just insane so
you know that moment when you're just
like randomly taking photos and you just
so happen to catch the perfect photo
that just like speaks for like a million
words it just captures the essence of
the situation well I give you this
now if that doesn't capture the essence
and attitude of this dog that I don't
know whatever will your new mission
internet is to make that photo
the next meme the next grumpy cat spread
it like wildfire Internet look who's
here where is he
there is hi diesel hi buddy welcome back
Internet look who's here where is he
there is hi diesel hi buddy
welcome back come on Zoe hang out Oh
guys are better than the last time all
right guys well at that time on the
video where we say good night I hope you
guys enjoyed today's video if you has a
brand new don't forget to click the
little subscribe button because we will
see you guys every single day here have
a great night
doodles
Oh
I doubt there
here
you
Wow now you're the one who's causing
that ruckus you big jerk so loud
