she worked the window they didn't give
it to close that was a English starbucks
didn't give her coffee cookies oh so
he's a little pissed off
alright guys giving blood again please
have to go for this a little too all
right a little tube I always do the left
arm pletal all my tattoos you can do
double bed show you guys this they
apparently really mean the chuckles II
so those of you living in Florida know
that there's the monsoon outside right
now I just got caught in the rain
running back from the grocery store I
love it those are just like the best
moments anyways so I had a really cool
thing happen today and it's still kind
of like amazes me that people recognize
me from Charles flogs but I had this
awesome girl come up and we chatted for
a while and i have to say thank you guys
so much for being so nice to me it's
still like blows my mind that you find
me interesting kind of like northerners
with a snowstorm not as severe it's
definitely not as severe but we can't
really do much so I have decided that I
was going to go ahead and get our health
start done today while we started
yesterday but really start on it
I went I got a bunch of fruits and
vegetables so we're gonna start juicing
a gun Charles and I have goals that we
want to reach and we're definitely going
to reach them um so yeah that's our plan
per se kind of lay low take advantage of
the fact that it is raining the drove
back whew finally I'm walk towards
somehow it got destroyed I don't know if
you guys remember when nerd rock and i
were trying to fix it and like almost
took off the rocks finger anyway so i
just said screw it and i sent it off and
got professionally repaired hate these
things as a kid i love them because they
made things more exciting as an adult I
can see why my parents hated them this
is seems like a waste see I'm not the
only one that hates that stuff right
Marley you hate it too i get rid of it
it's gone it's in the trash oh Sh it's
raining oh shit i'll try to talk trash
are you having enough with that
grumpiness are you telling to shut up
see so we stop being so grumpy my leg is
no shit yeah you have no shits go play
pac dogs well you guys I need two
players it's a two player game Zoe
Devlin's women in a while yeah get that
jump in the pool house that what you
want to sit I think the Internet's
missed a little more loose women action
no one's gonna be fun of your body you
still got a beach body through the
trolls okay I was wondering like if Zoe
Marley were like wild dogs but they'd be
okay I feel like Marley would because
she actually eats everything but Zoe so
picky she would refuse to eat something
she'd see like you know like a pineapple
and she like the auto like pineapples
get yourself comfortable there Marley
geez come on go type come on come on
it's go inside feel brat look at out
cheese came back from the health food
store getting healthy oh my god who is
not in love with Blair at this point
nazy a little not in love with Blair hey
this is a healthy dinner it doesn't look
good Lucy it doesn't look good but it
still is just have half of an organic
mush or alcohol could be hmm thank you
I was gonna do the whole one I figured
no I think this is good eating healthy
exercising good 2015 I have a little bit
of fun news actually I don't think Ali
have I told him anything about South by
Southwest so yes that's the other thing
I forgot to tell you guys we will be at
South by Southwest I will be on some
panel I'm gonna find out all the
information soon we're in the talks
right now but yes Ali and I will be at
South by Southwest a lot of people were
asking I the first time I've ever been
there let alone have the privilege to
speak there so I get to represent the
CTFxC out South by Southwest so you guys
get to go with me this I can't tell you
it has to deal with the band and getting
ready for another tour another CD I mean
I trust me I love being home and I like
my time to dispute my friends and family
Zoey Marley you know an ally and
everybody but there's a part of me that
always misses being on tour it's like
one of those things when you're on tour
you want to be at home when you're at
home you want to be on tour stupid it
sucks I know so if any of you guys are
actually going to be at South by
Southwest make sure to come hang out and
see the panel it's basically about
here's the short version it's about
humanizing the life in the digital life
and a life of likes basically what you
said finding love and a life of likes
not like I don't think it's meant to be
like a relationship I was like Boyd fine
girl but more like human love
connections connections like friendships
communities thinks of that yes when the
lady said it's finding love in a land of
likes I was just like that is poetic
want to go Austin we're looking scary
place want to go find a ghost such a
pretty girl Zozo guess who's coming over
tomorrow diesel Oh where's diesel you're
like it's my least favorite person she
loves diesel she doesn't like me you any
other every time to use those here she's
died but doesn't like
at all but the second diesel leaves she
loves Ali and let me just pan over here
Marley was diesel you're crazy feller
fruit cup is it was that was a beached
whale yes I would love a fruit cup yeah
what how does she know I didn't make a
noise and all you want to do is hit me i
know i'm sorry i'm using my fingers it's
close I didn't dare you dare you just
off of the cookies outrage and I have a
good u-turn oh my god Wow yeah you're
the one who's causing that ruckus you
big jerk so I hear there's a cookie
there's your cookie she's like I'm happy
now did you call it genius look at these
dos did you call it genius do you need a
help with your snapchat and now because
is it true that Charles is bad it has a
better snapchat I kind of do agree with
that you're great babe you're great at
snapchat stories oh good I would
subscribe but I don't like you there
it's called genius yeah and he's on your
yet Oh
you got that I should be in Rocky y or
liking Greece you know when he has like
his his sweats on and his own you have
the most comfortable sweats I've ever
seen I know you wouldn't you know why
they're so amazing I get like lost my
words right there David I was like I was
trying to do like a little rubbery like
this is where you were and you kind of
went that way well he wanted to go here
those things like where do you say like
rewind like oh yeah they're nice thank
you I'll get you a pair okay sorry I can
ever when Ali talk to me i can never
focus cuz he has this one had a weirdo
yes I do I know you don't know just talk
to them about what we're gonna be doing
yeah super exciting Rivera I know I'm
super excited guess what else is coming
up and what I really want to brag about
it but I'm really kind of excited what
why whose birthday it's yours you know
what I have to be honest this has been a
crazy Ally's birthday is on for 24 115
okay no just kidding guys it's 33 87 ok
anyways let me go back to what I'm
saying ah just let me say it anyways
this past year has been crazy crazy I
never anticipated it cray cray yes super
cray cray I never anticipated to be that
way but I'm like really excited about
this birthday she ever anticipate
talking to these guys what your birthday
I never did and thank you guys love you
all I think it this year has taught me a
lot about self confidence and being
proud of who I am and what cuz you're in
here just missed out 27 you know the
history of the 27 guys don't you see why
would you birthday is so couple weeks we
don't do that i won't i won't i won't do
it yeah i'm just super excited I don't
know what are we gonna do for my
birthday well guys I need your help what
should i do for my birthday laser tag
anything I don't know what to do guys
this is where your help comes in right
where's nothing has the internet guys
give me smoke what I do
I'm excited I know I don't act like I'm
gonna be 28 but I'm 13 I'm not gonna
write she's already there's more
expected of guys like when a girl likes
Goofy and weird it's like oh she's super
immature if this is your first time
watching thank you for watching if it's
your thousand ten thousand one would
know what number we on 2121 as of today
time watching thank you so much for
watching if not hit the subscribe button
down below I love you guys he loves you
guys we love you guys you'll see us
tomorrow as always as always yeah gonna
hey doodles doodles it glenys fun
including this actually hopefully I
don't do the same work cuz this is a
sign of me not doing my hair I need you
guys do you want the alley bun or should
she do ponytails all right forget that
we're always gonna do a leave on chill
in those
remember as a kid nothing a retiree I
think I'll issues once a year and then
four more pairs that after tonight one
time
here
they kicked that first one yeah
