good morning Internet so I'm just
editing right now and you just have this
staring at me right now
can I finish editing yet your favorite
toy okay
okay do it
sorry vision joy so he's all about her
fair tour right now alright supervisor
I'll get back to work
this is second look at the best buds hey
buds buds want to look at me as it never
likes to look at me when the cameras on
Dyson come here I know you're looking at
me guys dig me oh here D this is the
camera
if so you know we hit the princess so
Ali and I'm gonna go for a little stroll
and we have to leave the puppies because
Tyson looks so sad and I make sure
Marley's in that there's Marley
it makes your buddies in the house cuz
look at this face I can't leave you by
yourself
we'll leave the girls with you and you
guys can watch home-and-garden TV you
okay you want to buy a house look for
the perfect doghouse
find the perfect doghouse guys since I
got you no gray hair yesterday they
would be old people and feed some
squirrels getting the bread wait I think
I see gray hair in the earth if you will
throw bread they will come alright so
I'm trying remember how I did this last
time
it's yeah they are they're all behind
you right now
dumb shoelace
come on squirrels where are you and the
sound of music
you said squirrels I think so so pretty
out isn't it such a beautiful day in
Florida cuz I offended the birds you
probably did when you mentioned
squirrels they're like squirrels come on
get it I'm not gonna hurt you I like
squirrels
my name isn't Marlee you squirrely son
of a bitch maybe it's not your day we're
friends friends
look at this squirrel just give it to
him by your hand babe
we just like touch my finger looks like
a little plump one he's a fatty
he's peckers maybe it's a female are you
press these really eating that bread
besides a platypus I think squirrels
want a second favorite I don't know
Thank You girlfriend I'm sorry there's a
silly little girl you like chill bitch
I'm eating my bread oh hi growing right
now what color shirt am i wearing black
okay that's good
so gentle thank you ma'am
do you remember as a kid not being able
to tie a shoe I think I tie my shoes
once a year and then that bull wants a
pair and then after I tie it one time
done hi keep that first bud awesome -
this is where we should have been fun
right pissed take it nice and strong
okay it's a moose with boobs
but
here's a fun little thing guys if you
ever get brain freeze take your thumb
I'll put our the palette
oh you Lulu the mouth and it will go
away and now you know on our stroll I
picked up a little because your night
I know a TD
kick it in live in Chuck's guys we don't
want a 12-bit about here what do you
guys when you guys run and you fart
doesn't it feel like an odds like boost
like at night just boost don't spit out
play Mario Kart I'll get you with the
red turtle shell I win
losers winner so like you guys already
know GoDaddy is the sponsor of the CTFxC
and last couple months Danny and I have
been going back and forth with a thing
called domain pranking this little thing
we came up with where if you go to a
Danny Duncan dot fail or various
websites living with genital warts calm
it's just like yeah right it's just like
goofy things so instead of hitting Danny
this time I'm going to hit Travis so if
you go to ten karats that look like trap
calm just cover there just go there and
here's the fun thing if you guys want to
do the domain pranking as well like if
you want to phony and prank my sister
you want a domain prank me go to GoDaddy
calm and go get your your the URL that
you want like I am cool calm whatever
you want to do and on the checkout type
in CTFxC and you'll get the domain for a
dollar ninety-nine then you can forward
it wherever you want even a website you
can be awesome you can like hosting if
you're not even CTFxC 30 I think you get
hosting as well for like 30 percent off
or something like that would make sense
with the 30 anyway so I got to find the
perfect carrots just go to the website
10 carats that look like tribe comm
Ali's helping me right now haha
apparently that was available go figure
what this was talking about guys when
you checkout with your domain have promo
code type and CTFxC and apply that and I
showed you guys before this is the
important part on how to actually do
this so you log in to your GoDaddy
account after you buy your your domain
and you see what it says domains go to
manage you click the domain get forward
right there for domains and this is
where you're gonna add a forwarding
address so for example when I just made
for Travis is right here so I do that
then you give it a little bit of time
and then when you go to 10 cares to the
lake tribe comm it will take you to the
website and that's all you have to do
start pranking just remember guys CTFxC
is the promo code to enter to check out
there's some limitations that apply to
see the site for details and all that
fun stuff and the Travis I love you man
it was Danny's idea it really honest it
was tense I blame Danny
then if you go over here you're gonna
notice and Marley kicked all the dogs
off the dog bed Tyson's got this bed
Zoey's got the entire couch you know
what I'm slowly realizing guys as I was
editing today's video that my main that
my main thing that I did today was feed
squirrels the gray hair is gonna come
back fun amazing right
I've no idea what's going on what is
this it's like how you doing take Donald
Trump air and I won't look at this
listen here everyone I just want to say
goodnight to y'all and for once I want
ya I'm doing this I just want to say I
want to say it guys
I like how Ali when you get on the rise
that one
turning everything off very scary
now he's getting what's a heart-shaped
doughnut and I gotta get get Phil ice
cream
and it's midnight ah right
you bring
so Zoey did you take the toy is this
your toy now nobody else and I have it
