who's that Spartan in my teepee who's
ready to go for a run
apparently I am I just woke up literally
got out of my pajamas guys ready to go
nice pose Marley everyone wants to see
your butt Marv ass happy Valentine's Day
everybody
hey it's a day of filling of love in
hallmark so today we thought since
yesterday we did our Valentine's Day
challenge as you guys did not get to see
that on the screen you can click right
here oh just look at or just don't look
in yesterday's video it was a nice yes
it was fun because Allie and I don't
really necessarily celebrate Valentine's
Day but I have a feeling we're gonna
accidentally still celebrate it didn't
we say we're gonna go to McDonald's we
did so you're gonna be okay hang on so
maybe we might end up at McDonald's with
a little candle of dinner I don't know
what do you think you want to go there
sounds disgust I haven't had fast-food
and probably oh my god that sounds so
disgusting it is and I've been
appetizing in a very sarcastic manner so
anyway so we're going to say Pete and
we're gonna lay out with Melissa and
Phil ally and Melissa are gonna do a
podcast for next week and good things
coming and we figure you know what if
we're gonna do sometimes you want to
hang out with everybody I feel like your
exaggeration it just makes the podcast
not so chatter so there's some good
thing it's coming
tell them there's definitely some things
coming guys in the podcast next week so
make sure you are subscribed to the
podcast and ready for it dude I have to
tell you it's awesome I love girl like
girl
chitter-chatter back and forth it's
really funny
you laughter a great chart oh sorry bro
you think it's so funny I do I laugh you
think I'm playing the funniest person I
do I think I do you think you're the
funniest person in the world yes I am
you're the biggest hat in the world too
so guess where we're at again I'll show
you can you see it can you see it yeah
we're back at Best Buy we're here every
single day I'm so excited I'm so excited
I just thought I would let you guys know
that guess what we're back here again in
all honesty though I feel like char
should be part of there like super buyer
rewards program where they just give him
a free TV or even possibly a free camera
every time he makes the visit or at
least once a month because I have a
feeling that he's here almost every
single day
yeah almost every single day but yeah so
we're back here again I'm so happy I
know I said that earlier but I'm really
really happy this is a real smile
I'm excited What's Wrong mama is he
taking forever are you excited to go C
Mon this son fell go see Tyson
she's like I'm over this weird so
patiently waiting for char story of our
lives
oh I need that we need to challenge you
to a basketball game but I used to be so
like ropes you were just out there you
know we're here look what I came back
with okay
so Ally was in charge of food and she
came back with a pizza heart because you
have a pizza my heart don't love my
little bag because you're such a pretty
princess now you know what technically
breaking the rules and enjoying are you
technically breaking rules no gifts on
Valentine's Day gift I'm gonna be
sharing it with you so it's not a gift
that's a goodie bag it's a good value
watermelon sour cream a receipt for
every bag that you carry around with you
okay so this is our version of
Valentine's Day and I feel like this is
the best way right very nice it's very
nice and hanging out relaxing and so I
just want to know in the comments below
how do you guys celebrate Thanks
can I keep on saying Thanksgiving
Valentine's Day really you have a piece
of my heart
mm-hmm get it you just so cute is it so
cheesy very quite do you think would you
like to really show that relish I guess
either put a relish
now you don't and to make it even better
the birdcage is now on TV so for
Valentine's Day since we're just kind of
relaxing
you got to choose the scary movie so
we're watching a scary movie now oh you
guys got to see this this is pretty
messed up right now alright so I just
got back from taking the dogs go take a
walk okay yeah I said we can watch the
scary movie on Valentine's Day and I
come back and Ally's is lighting all
these freakin lights these candles and
I'm like are you gonna turn the lights
off
sir plan is to try all the lights of
dart doesn't yet say that with others I
come in to watch this movie too as you
can see Miley likes them just about as
me I need some pillows both hi well one
better than the other good spirits don't
need keys does that mean since you're
tall and blond that you knew the first
to go
now there is to be rules to movies like
scary movies and more movies pretty much
in general I don't really think there's
too many rules anymore but in the club
getting tipsy totally asleep
you motherfucker you snore
what just haven't see gee if I see my
explosion let's leave head syndrome I
just had to show you guys this
by afternoon times alright we're gonna
make a nice little nest right now watch
a movie I don't know if we're going to
survive this one maybe I'll see you guys
in a second maybe a long you know he's
doing it you guys so I'm gonna say good
night for you guys cuz they're already
in bed and I don't think they probably
felt a good night so see you guys later
ah
Oh
no my life monsters never life
roll the dice
you're starting to like the life
it's not it's the holidays
