good morning cat you want to get out of
there please I really appreciate it and
trying to clean up and you're just
making things of it okay now you're
gonna do that I really appreciate it if
you get out of the freaking thing I
gotta get everything out here and you
got to read some letters got to put away
some gifts do you want to go on tour
okay so I thought do you want to go on
tour subcat back oh yeah your new circus
here's one see some pretty deadly look
at this that's what's happening to
suitcase is that there's like this giant
and like up there done this metal thing
from the side just popped off and the
worst part
Darrin has the same bag exact same thing
is happening to him so it's definitely
defect so I'm going you like this huh
you already bent it dude
all right so whoever got this she
obviously likes it
all right you done are you messing with
your best friend Marley is that cat's
best friend I think you just hate it
don't ya like please get away from me so
we came up with the fun little idea that
we're gonna do as you guys know I've
been doing videos on YouTube 2005 so
going on 13 it feels like a lifetime
older than try some of you guys may be
watching these videos which is it's
insane it's insane to think about I was
going back through old skit videos on
the Charles Trippy channel I downloaded
the first couple of vlogs on the CTFxC
and I kind of want to watch them and see
how bad I know they're gonna be bad see
how bad they are but just like seeing
the progression from like the beginning
until now it was to be funny is they're
probably the exact same thing so we're
gonna see I think here mannerism I
figure I think that's really the same
thing but so let's see here I was 20
years old when I started this stuff yeah
I was 20 years old when I made my first
YouTube channel 20 first one I want to
watch before we get into the vlogs I
want to watch when I didn't do the first
video on the Charles Trippy channel
because I think it's Zoey getting a
stick cleaning out the river
which isn't really a skit or anything
like that so it's just adorable so you
should probably go watch that oh this is
one of the first one it's called
apartment pranks we threw a pie in
Jeff's face so back in the day in the
titles you would say everything
apparently this was the first one that
we're going to look at it and I was
beautiful look how small that is it's
like this big as resolution we've got
the Slayer shirt I still have that
Slayer shirt actually if you guys didn't
know at the beginning days of our videos
two mustaches were a thing those are
those things I prank do it as my my
attempt of bleeping through that slow-mo
okay now remember this area I do
remember this video about to come home
and let's just say he's got a little
surprise waiting for
was gone bro okay so here's here's a
funny thing these are like prank videos
before prank videos which is so funny to
me
there was a little montage everything
that's the funniest part I love that's
uh that I love how that thing is right
there is perhaps here this was called
epic journey of parties cars foosball
and explosions so again very descriptive
and the titles
that title I don't know if you're trying
to make it so India with our little
titles Andrew W K oh man I remember this
I got those little RC cars for Christmas
little drive-by I'll wait for it wait
for it
I love the slow motion and that was that
video oh man this is kind of
embarrassing
well welcome to my life but before I
need you okay so this one is called
strip club adventure
this is also really good funny look at
the graphics I got a little bit better
on that one what's so funny this is one
of my fellow Mac know that carabiner
right there I still have that that's the
one I have oh nice there's another funny
thing this is one of the first new
cameras - its what's so funny is I don't
remember having ever was like the
ability to come up with these things I
have no idea how I remember that alright
so yeah the idea is he's locked his keys
in the car and we really did this - we
literally stood outside of the road with
that sign out there for about 30 minutes
and it was the funniest thing and the
funniest thing is people actually one
person actually pulled over and asked
what we were doing the other people just
honked alright so this one is day one of
the CTFxC this is before all of this
this was just the idea of doing these
daily let's just address the fact that
my head barely fits in that shot one
year just one year Skyway Bridge which
is funny because this is when about the
same time Skyway Avenue came out look a
little mark look at time mister time
good-tasting with a box all the time
Marley has not changed - gizmo good old
Kobi
it's so funny like stink some things
just do not change with these dogs so
cute
no way yeah I can't remember who did it
I think was Zoey so that was day one of
the vlogs I know what I appreciate is
that you still filmed your whole day and
it was still like entertaining as it
wasn't just one clip no it's the entire
day the whole progression of the day now
this one is gonna be the first video
that I was actually officially
introduced into the blog yeah so we're
jumping ahead 9 14 six years five six
years later now I can tell you that I
was so nervous we were trying to figure
out how we were gonna do it because
obviously Allie was considered
blurryface back then rude her face she
was all pixelated Oh squiggles I'm sorry
squeals that was like squiggle literally
squiggly face out so you couldn't see it
just at the beginning
Allie was obviously very new to this
whole concept of filming your life daily
and opening your life to be Internet so
she was obviously you were very
uncomfortable and we're so uncomfortable
what it was let's just weird a night and
I think at that point I'm kind of I
finally understood what you did right
this is June 22nd 2014 and we have
jumped up to 1879 days on this one and
this is all worked or things was
California so let's go for now that was
your first appearance super dark bus
made you fall asleep just getting up
there what are you doing there buddy
if Jana Jae Val's insane so here's the
secret damn few more tattoos actually
Vinny taking us out you guys guessed on
the stage
oh sure who's that Lincoln Burks yeah I
remember him okay this is the one that
Ali freaked out on along your hairless
custom talk at the offense here in
your eyes we just connected you two
together
I want you to close your eyes
and I like no one open your eyes stay
perfectly still
open up your eyes
you'll meet you
that so
that's the funniest thing
those such an interesting trick does
they have no idea it's a few times that
I actually danced that red what's this
what's this bitch right here yeah look
at that guy behind you
that's Brian
never loss on tour was always the
funniest things that's all lustrous hair
I remember that the camera now remember
he he can really was it you know you
granted you said you wouldn't take care
of it that was one of the fat for I felt
so many times I don't know now may have
been fourth time right there yeah excuse
me man
okay okay
hey Jake
I remember going to maybe a tribe I call
the side we just we were just messed
with Derek and Jake every single day
there's our song so the next time on
tour guys we got to do this again anyway
guys I hope you enjoyed this little
blast all right yeah there's a dog-cart
thank you guys so much for subscribing
and like crazy past 9 10 11 12 13 years
now also also before I began Ally
uploaded a new video on her channel I'll
put a link down or in the I up there so
you can click that no it's like wait oh
I see your left it took me forever to
figure it out up there so we will see
you guys tomorrow as always have a great
night
