good morning guys so I woke up and I'm
kidding I woke up like this I like the
pillow was on my shoulder and I woke up
this thing's like staring my face no
sign of her she's a baby tiger I don't
know if he doesn't notice that and then
so easily I'm like very own okay thank
you now you're leavin today we're gonna
do something a little bit different it's
not even really that dependent as for
why it's been a while since we've
actually done a Q&A so we decided today
we're gonna do Q&A I keep showing you
guys like you can see it but there's a
bunch of questions we're just gonna jump
into it the first one is we're gonna
start light and then we'll get heavy
crunchy crunchy or smooth peanut butter
it's very important I like crunchy I'm
all about countries with country country
have you guys learned anything else
about each other since being married I
learned how messy you can be can't be
you're just as messy it's true so that's
why I always clean yes that's Touche
yeah I always think I accumulate all of
my laundry and then I just once I have
no clue what explodes
well once I have no clothes up then I do
laundry yeah and then it's a lot of
laundry and then it becomes a huge mess
but I do it I do my laundry knowing I
didn't think he could be more annoying
but I'm really knowing I already know
that that's that stuff later but one
thing that we've learned since being
married is uh our communication can be
off sometimes just because now we're
like couple so we use that as an excuse
like oh we're married like it's
definitely the nice little excuse that
you can just pawn off what is the hobby
sticker joy or the thing you do nobody
knows about yet and you've never shared
you know it's kind of funny that that's
like a catch-22 because if I've never
told anyone
it's probably because I don't want to
tell anyone and then I just answer the
question and I tell everyone but I
really know I can't really think of
something I like to sing a lot I like
singing this all time I think you guys
are kind of
on that the secret joys I don't think
I'm a good singer he is obsessed with I
buy so many things at once I think there
was one two years ago some headphones
I'm still waiting for secret joyous
that's the secret but a joy of mine
would definitely be technology in fact I
just before filming this I got a new
piece of technology delivered I'll show
you guys later
but I'm pretty stoked to show you guys
but one thing was I think daily long as
you don't really get to keep too many
things to know it's kind of hard to do
that because if you can't really it's
kind of like another secret of mine and
I think yours too is like private time
what do you do to get through an
argument any tips something I can't
remember what it was I think was a
comedian one thing that I always try to
do is like even if we're really mad like
I try to make a face like I'd like words
like arguing and it'll just go like that
and just try to make a goofy face and I
hate it
it usually breaks it breaks it because
you laugh but I'm a little bit different
than you yeah I think we both know I
mean I mean I think I can't take it
that's a tough time to anything
seriously where sometimes if we're
having a disagreement I'm like let's
just get to the bottom of this so like
be serious right now so that I don't
have to do this all freaking day and
then and then like it's interesting
because then we'll separate and I think
that's like a really big key to our yeah
it's like separating because somebody
come back yeah then coming back because
sometimes when we just like try and tell
each other sighs we don't want to hear
it I don't know I'm like I'm right yeah
you're like no there's like any argument
with anybody like if you're yelling or
arguing with somebody and they're
arguing - I think politics are so weird
cuz you're just going back and forth and
no one's gonna win until you calm down
separate and then come back and you're
like steam so thank you okay would you
visit Japan again 100% I had so much fun
want to see
have you ever dealt with people
contesting that recording people in
public is against the law I think I
think what they're trying to say is like
have I ever or Ally ever when we're
filming somebody come up to us and be
like you can't film here
it's against the law something like that
and actually it's happened to me before
but it's happened in places that are
private so like they have like museum
actual signs that say please don't
record in here yeah we're very
respectful when it comes to I mean in
public is kind of hard we try and keep
it just on our faces with people in the
background you know we don't we don't
try we all in front of people I think in
public it's legal yeah but but I see
what it was yeah yes like we're very
respectful about it in the end if we're
doing something with someone like for
instance when we went and did harvesting
the honey I always ask I'm the type of
person I ask my family friends anybody
that were you know going to be shown how
penalizing are you comfortable with it
like that does that make you feel okay
are you comfortable being on film some
people say no I'm not really like I
don't want to be on film so we don't
film them we don't you know we might
have their voice if they're comfortable
do the blurry for anybody about like
saying like it's against the law no not
recently
what is something weird that the other
person does that you love okay so I have
one I love it when you like Rhonda you
do your little kick when I like kick and
go up he's going like that yeah a little
like I don't know it's called like a
it's like a very cartoony like I think
you guys have seen them she run and they
like kick your feet aside yeah I don't
know I think if that sounds like a name
or anything and it's not necessarily a
weird thing that he does but he used to
bug me so much he loves to update
everything on my phone and now I'm
looking at it it's like a term of
endearment because he's like so
concerned like he he sees this new
happening
I think it's so excited about it oh my
god I want to update it I'm cool I'm use
that I don't really care about emojis
tell me now but I love that you like I
was going this way and I do love that he
has strong passion for very weird things
you hold the world record for the most
consecutive days flogged and that's
awesome yeah but do you have any idea
who the second most consecutive days
blog title belongs to and if so have you
watched any other planting honestly I
think we do I think we met them I can't
remember it was that family I mean
they're from like oh the Jolie's yes I
didn't think that's her name I don't I I
think you guys know who I'm talking
about but I think they might be right
behind us yeah I'm not sure but it's
honestly I had no idea if anyone could
vlog a week a month straight and that's
me and yeah not lose your mind because I
think that's amazing
like us yeah yeah a little crazy right I
think that's amazing so whoever is
second whoever's third whoever's
vlogging tell us in the comments we
really want to know then we can check
them out because one thing about YouTube
is it's hard sometimes that's a question
in there too actually I want you guys if
you're vloggers tell me you're vlogging
name and how many days you've been
vlogging because that could be actually
a way we figured this out would you
rather eat mayonnaise okay I said that
weird mayonnaise or ketchup what'd you
do oh my god I died
I hate ketchup I hate it but I would not
want a spoonful man
so I'm gonna have to think edge of it
okay so you got to do that and I got the
mayonnaise oh my god
I can tolerate mayonnaise but I slave
like a scoop
how can my feet smell they don't have a
nose but that's very clever
what's the first thing you and well
Charles and myself had in common I think
the first thing we really recognize
talked about the type of music that we
liked but I think the first time that we
really connected is one day we are
together
yeah I've ever in the car together and I
put on his TV and he was like what who
you listening to and I think at that
point I was what I was listening to you
through strace honestly I think was
stress I think was the sooie sooie
I say let's hit su album could be one of
you but and then I had under oath on her
something and you're like oh my god yeah
oh my god I think that's honestly the
first thing that we had our in common I
think was our music like a like I think
we've just like the same stuff to do you
and Shay still taught of course actually
I think I just talked to him it was last
week but yeah of course he's still one
of my best friends and I love him to
death
well yeah we still talk so this is
actually a pretty heavy one I've been
diagnosed with cancer lymphoma how do
you how do you keep so positive
throughout your treatment to keep your
keep away the thoughts of what if and
Jonathan I am so sorry you're going
through that what I did honestly was I
don't want to sink nyle but I just kept
my mind busy with other things like
luckily he had the vlogs I was able to
keep you know the band
I was basically stay busy and stay
positive and humor like I have the most
during that whole thing and during now I
still have the most morbid sense of
humor about that kind of stuff where it
makes people uncomfortable I know I do
around here
people of my parents it makes people
super uncomfortable but it's kind of
like how I deal with it yeah we have no
right around that's all personal and I
just I hope you're doing well and keeps
keep strong dude
doctors are amazing in all that fun
family I think it's a yeah stay around
friends of family as they say friends
right friends Frank there we go
he's right it's a friend when is meal
uncensored coming back I feel like such
a turd I do feel like such a shirt
because I keep saying like god no but
soon as new Mexi melissa and myself we
keep talking about it and then I have
strong feeling it's going to be very
very soon I was working for the word
she's she had a lot she was going
through in the past like young years or
whatever and then you know she started a
new relationship and she really focus on
herself and I feel ease a lot but I love
her and I think that she needed time for
herself and you know what when she's
ready I'm ready and we've been talking
about it so I think she's ready and I'm
ready and it don't happen if you guys
have no idea when she's just talking
about what meal and sensor it is cast
well it's an alius podcast that they
have so like she said they'll be coming
back soon so stay on both of them make
sure tweet them and say when's it coming
back when's it coming back start it now
let's not keep on me in vice-versa yeah
what's a good way to comfort your
significant other when they're having a
bad day I know with her I can get her
chocolate or gummy bears or jelly beans
so I have three go twos so food is the
only way to comfort me yeah he's a very
positive person extremely positive
person and when he's having a bad day he
kind of holds it in he doesn't really
want you to know and he definitely
doesn't want to show it I can be a
little pushy sometimes feeling tell me
the song to him it's wrong but I've
learned that sometimes it's best to just
like take your mind off of it a little
bit and then when he's ready to talk
he's gonna talk and I think the same
thing with me it's like good I love that
you listened to me but you do try to do
things to me
happy like my new chocolate yeah yeah
which isn't necessary but sometimes it's
something it breaks I eat almonds hard
guys jelly beans in gummy bears
sometimes it's it's what breaks the ice
and kind of makes like okay well why are
you having by day and then you could
talk about yeah yeah that makes sense
so what's it like vlogging every day you
guys are awesome what does it like for
you for me I think it gets challenging
because I always attributed to like the
whole Simpsons day that kind of
situation where the CTFxC we've done
almost not I don't say everything but
we've done a tremendous amount of things
so we definitely duplicated things yeah
it's kind of hard to come up with
something every single day that yeah
hundreds of thousands tens of thousands
you know two people will watch and think
it's amazing so what about you it's an
amazing job and it's such a co-op tunity
that has presented so many more
opportunities for us so I love that but
it can be really frustrating it could be
really tiring it can be what people
don't realize how hard it is to be a
blogger
are you doing it's like not just ah
sweet you guys yeah I mean it's just it
is there's a lot that goes into it and
you know you never we're very hard on
ourselves because we never want to put
out anything that we wouldn't want to
watch ourselves I think that's the one
thing but he always rules like don't I
don't want to put out anything that I
wouldn't want to watch myself and there
are days when it's it's hard for us
we're like it's raining outside we can't
really do anything were in this house
what can we do that's great and then we
start shooting each other with nerf guns
or we have like a water fight inside the
house do we necessarily want to do that
can you both still do a handstand I am
knowing I don't know either I don't
think I ever could
Wow we got it so the answer is that when
going through your brain surgery did you
ever experience depression how do you
cope with it I think this is kind of
like going back to what I said earlier I
don't think I had depression I mean I
got bummed out when I started thinking
about things but coming back to what I
said earlier sense of humor friends and
family that's kind of how I cope with it
vlogging talking to you guys having
conversations just talking about it kind
of like made things a little bit better
that's that's about it for that question
so what are your top three favorite
Netflix shows top five though was just
doing things on Netflix not originals
yeah cuz I don't have two top three
that's too tough - stranger things
change things
I love Kimmy Schmidt but I know it's not
a Netflix original and then glow
I love glow those are mic those are
right three I love glow I love Grace and
Frankie I love girlboss but I don't know
if that's in the Netflix original I
don't know either but it's on that song
I eat so cool it goes up there for me
is it true Ally is a better burger than
you would be great to see a challenge
video between you two well I just so
happen to have some bubbly water love it
I'm trying to make finding like gulping
air that's mine my rose
that's a good one it sound like a
blow-up somebody is your answer
oh I don't even want to try I give up do
you feel like you miss out on things
because you vlog that's kind of like a I
guess it's like a catch-22 because
because the vlog I do so many things but
they might do all these things oh come
on that one but because of all the vlogs
I get to do these things but when you go
do these things you're constantly
filming so it's kind of hard to immerse
yourself so I don't feel like I miss out
on things I feel like it's a lot harder
or more challenging to make sure you
focus on the things more it's a little
camera scream I think sometimes it's
yeah it's hard to focus on what you're
doing because you are kind of concerned
about how you're capturing it on camera
but I think too that we miss out on
little things sometimes just like the
small like just being by ourselves not
with camera just relaxing kind of day
like sitting on the couch all day on
Sunday to watch TV or sports or do
absolutely nothing we don't really get
to do that at all
but for the most part I think it gives
us a lot more opportunities but it's
hard sometimes not to live behind a
camera yeah I agree
so we're working on what does the Fox
say
ring ding ding ding ding ding ding ding
ding ding ding I don't even know if
that's right does daily vlogging take at
all in a relationship I think that it
takes a toll on a relationship and
certain aspects that I don't think it's
something that destroys your
relationship because you still have your
life outside of your job initially and
that's what it is is a job there are
certain things that we struggle with
deciding on shoot log it or not and when
we're still working on that but that's
the same thing with anything in life I
think that you know you have to learn to
compromise and make
decisions together it gets tough but I
don't think it's a determining factor
for us I don't think it's gonna make or
break us and if it gets to that point
obviously we're not gonna do it yeah I
mean it's I think it's daily bloggers
have a unique situation where they're
constantly on but I don't think that we
do that I I feel like we've we'd be able
to were able to we're very soon over
people who you're mad but like whatever
similar people so we can kind of make it
work
there are hard days there are great days
I mean it's just life I mean it happens
all the time I don't think it takes
necessarily a toll I feel like it throws
more unique situations that we have to
handle that makes sense if someone there
in your life who would you want to be
the narrator Morgan Freeman Morgan
Freeman
how do % there's your answer hey Melissa
McCarthy can you try to do an Australian
accent please all right
I was practicing this with Danny last
time we went to Australia okay I'm gonna
go The Hungry Jack's it's a tall mokona
I look under Jax it's pretty good okay
and then goes around the corner the
iPhone X worth it
the jury's still out still trying to
figure it out I'll let you know soon
what is your opinion on youtube today do
you think that it's changed for the good
or for the worse you guys are amazing
stay awesome thank you I don't I want to
kind of bite my tongue a little bit I
honestly think YouTube is going in the
direction that I don't agree with I feel
like it's hurting a lot of youtubers not
only myself but I feel like a lot of
people are having issues with making
YouTube a living anymore like getting
flagged to monetize all those crazy
things that happen to you to them I
think it's like I think it's like the
companies that are working with you to
buy things I think it's you to be
implementing things to make advertisers
happy but at the same time I think
they're making people who made the site
unhappy so it's kind of this weird thing
I think I don't want to bite the hand
that feeds me kind of thing but YouTube
knows what's going on there's enough
voices and I I know I don't like where
they're going but like I know they have
probably a plan and I have to trust them
so that's my thoughts on it
butyou want to fight ally while riding a
giraffe or Charles while wearing a bear
suit
I only know how to answer that how does
it feel having a cat after all of this
time yes love you guys
well look what we have here yeah I
honestly Ali and I were never cat people
but I think to us once you started like
syringe feeding an animal you kind of
grow accustomed to loving it
and we can turned out to be a pretty
cool cat and the dogs you started pick a
lot of dog tendencies and a lot of cat
people are like I'll let the cat be the
cat but the thing is we want huh she is
turning into a pretty awesome cat look
how calm she is right now so this is
unusual this is actually a perfect time
to show it I never thought it'd be a cat
person but it's not like it's like I
don't necessarily the cats I like my cat
so I'm gonna do it for today's Q&A and
vlog so we just wanted to say goodnight
please don't forget to subscribe
and what's Alec's favorite thing to do
hit the like button thumbs up and we'll
see you guys as always tomorrow
