one you guys really want to do me a
favor stop shedding both you a little
pitter-patter of puppy feet what are you
doing my pills I have to take I don't
think I'm sure the Internet does how
many have pills I have to take twice a
day so hopefully hopefully they figure
something else out whether or not they
biggle eyes marijuana or they legalize I
don't know anything that anything come
on medical doctors do something this is
ridiculous
Darla's cool I think we mentioned a few
times that the holiday that Ali and I
both hate the most is Valentine's Day
it's not that we really hate it it's
just we find it really pointless so
today we wanted to do something a little
bit special and do a Valentine's Day
challenge
Oh doom and the best part is you guys
chose the questions and you guys chose
the punishments so right now we are
getting our Valentine's stuff we need
balloons right babe it's v-day
oh my god get that off here I got you a
balloon you know how to drive me crazy
flowers this will be yours after we're
done playing you can carry the balloon
though I knew she liked this oh how did
they get you something they are blue and
following you everywhere
pee gotta pee gotta pee gotta pee go
bananas in pyjamas oh my god I know it's
not I actually hate ball time it's very
it's dumb
so Charles and I don't celebrate it
Ellie and I both have to sleep that we
don't despise Valentine's Day but we
feel like why do you have to have a
specific day to celebrate the love and
the cherishment of your significant
other well like all the time kill
yourself we have questions that we all
pulled from you guys off of Twitter and
they're pretty simplistic questions I am
a little bit worried that you might not
know you know what middle name for a
long time shut the hell up
consequences are as chosen by you guys
to eat wet bread yeah throw flour to
face a lick a dog toy pie to a face
person feed cupcake eyes closed so we
got cupcakes and ball to the face you
roll it six-two some of it
or do you go first you you pick first
okay which one's the questions childhood
pet names of course
now one thing he no excuse me Larry one
thing I don't know name one of my
childhood pet name isn't Coby Coby is
the childhood pet of yours I'm 30 years
old um I feel like I should know this
cuz you guys say it all the time pants
do you think let me think I'm in the
moment here yes no it doesn't really
rule actually okay how about if I get
three right in a row okay okay I dropped
it just grab it holy cow never seem to
have such a challenge in this that's it
favorite songs I feel like you should
have wrote this down because you're
gonna change it I'm not gonna change it
I will stick to one favorite song I love
you but seriously okay roll the die
lines in the sand by Sparta tell you
that this is a shame for for is wet
bread so now since you have some wet
bread I don't worry I'll do this for you
but the whole thing don't spit it out
I'm not gonna water for you okay come on
you can do this and you think that is
that gross
go home go right now get some bread dip
it in water try it a guarantee film
yourself doing it celebrity crush Kate
Beckinsale that's my Tina Fey which one
is it
Tina Fey okay
we all can't be Wonder sir okay favorite
beverage I must say copy figure that
right it was a really close tie with
lemonade though yeah first time - I'm
gonna go with your first tattoo was on
this side and it's not covered up it's
this thing back there yeah raw really
nice your sexiest one oh fuck
for wet bread oh so you need to turn on
wet bread no let you do it
check it out this seems like a tame
prank thing but this man makes you wanna
gag isn't it
that's weird rice this bread bread is
made out of water eating the food right
now I just wanted to put that way I have
one thread breath I did it - biggest
fear I don't know if you have a big fear
thanks nope
what are they family oh that's some
bullshit that's everybody's fear that's
a that's okay it was what okay that was
he bad no no no no okay if it wasn't
that one if you spiders whatever so
either way you lost one like a dog toy
oh look half my life get any worse
is it good one you know internet you're
evil
I'm gonna throw up looking from top to
bottom what's big it got a lick it
favorite animal the annoyed iam I think
the internet knows we're talking about
like exotic animal no favorite animal it
can't be just a dog can't be that simple
it's not that simple okay yep
did you see that that's actually been
really good I'm really impressed
I'm a little nervous I almost went for
the real simple like it's a giraffe
favorite food sized meal other than a I
was a pizza or meal this is like going
outside the pizza realm yeah yeah we're
you still sore eyes don't see the spider
you're crazy I think you're seeing
things
Oh figure it out I don't know what is it
your favorite thing we never had it okay
so we've ever had it no I can't say that
know if you're ready done you gave up
its sushi I said we never have it Oh
sushi is my favorite that's not food
that's a style of food
oh come on favorite food or meal Oh
Melissa this is for you I'm 6:30
that's good right
yes I'm pretty sure Kevin okay eyes of a
nice close if you only knew what my
favorite meal was that's one you happen
to hear it's under oh no favorite Disney
movie monster sing nope what is it sir
that's bullshit you told me it was
Monsters Inc I didn't no no it's art no
I like monsters think everyone likes it
I've never seen it roll the dice cuz
you're you're you're starting to cross
the line six what's this the pace okay
so one of you guys thought it would be
really fun to put a ball to the face
what did you want to be when you grow up
so what did you want to be you wanted to
be a marine biologist
nope you wanted to be pretty got it you
ready guess but that's not it what do
you like astronaut we discussed this cuz
we both wanted to be astronauts oh shit
person foods cupcake cupcake how's our
vanilla
definitely vanilla cuz I mean really
know how was possibly gonna okay be sure
that later on though you text me
got boy we're gonna find best
Valentine's day ever
significant other shoe size okay
and you're Chuck's I believe it's so is
your shoe size 10 wrong what is it I'm
gonna have to flower to the face father
wait for this one one winner how we
celebrate our Valentine's remember guys
Valentine's Day is just another day but
I'm happy I'm spending my fake
Valentine's Day with you anyways guys
I'm done thank you so much for your
suggestions even though some of them
really sucked this is the aftermath
happy Valentine's Day no one it is time
to go to bed
today's the last day day five of the
chemo so I'm gonna go throw that in my
mouth and then head to bed I hope you
guys enjoy today's little Valentine's
Day challenge we thought was gonna fun
thank you guys for giving us the
questions and the answers and we will
see you guys tomorrow as always don't
forget to subscribe and have a great
night
doodles
the bank bit baby baby baby baby baby
you think I'm bad baby baby yeah
everyone just watch her hair baby baby
baby you know what in a public life got
