there are problems the quarry the rest
of the apprentice a team I like to call
me Canadians are now leaving no shipping
out stretch first go protect us Ali and
I have been having the greatest day ever
of doing absolutely nothing nothing just
paperwork and emails I guess that's not
nothing it's a lot of that running
around
I've happened I really he's actually sat
down on the couch and she squealed just
so if I come in this section of the
house there's always like a line of
yellow like right here do you guys
internet internet do you see it so
imaginary
what are you doing cracking I need help
with you guys want to see something else
that's gonna be funny and annoying at
the same time so I bought those terabyte
six terabyte hard drives and look at
this I opened it up install it look at
that four thousand gigabytes ak4
terabytes all right let's give them
their chew let's see if I can go into
your hair come on this one it I sense it
collaborate
always like you know how to sing I do
know how to sing damn it why do you
think the part of the camera it's
because you're always like this I was
gonna show you guys something that's
pretty close I have to tell you that's
probably like the ghouls Building look
at the optometrist and the windows our
glasses you go down seriously seriously
you got Jimmy I don't know how good line
it up and figure like
anyway charmers skwiggs
we enough
Oh
without expecting that one but that
gonna be okay
gonna do without the bumpers I got a big
fat zero on the first one got a big fat
zero just you and me
in the comments below Denali gonna win
or am I gonna win
what you gonna do don't mess up you
better not win are we doing two or three
right now no I'm just saying I want the
first one no no I won the first one so I
get a back massage right she always gets
out of them that's out of three others
you have to play three of these six
weeks is winning this time
injury such a headache right now it
feels like a bit like a bowling alley
right now you like a peacock with their
camper when you bounce it down if you
seriously get that left handed okay good
I feel a little better about myself
because I feel like a bowling ball
hitting you sorry
I think he thinks that he can actually
be bored
otherwise it's kind of crazy really
completely bad and now you're currently
good because they always save my good
news for lack of an emetic that's why
because I like this it's because I saved
my coffee
or Twitter that's like Babe Ruth in your
home rugs or somebody away that's cool I
came back and won by 110 charges baby
twice one literally strike strike spare
strike my childhood this is what this is
like buying gold as a kid even though
it's like brass player hockey so we
decided to leave some tokens for the
next person this is not a joke look
where it came out
not that out of the slide I just won
ma'am
you think I'm bad baby boy just watch
your hair baby baby you know what life
got that fun can't make fun of yourself
if someone else will someone seriously
else will alright so I have to take the
chemo and like an hour and I always
trying to date baby and I need something
just like a little bit because I had and
I feel really this round of chemo I've
actually felt really really really good
so all positive thoughts lot of positive
thinking
knock on wood I think you have a
different look on chemo this time you
know what I mean like having this year
being more positive than last year I
think that it I think positivity and
like putting it off to universe cos a
big change it sounds almost cliche when
you say it over and over again but it's
actually really true it's really true I
can tell you so many times when I
negative like I just felt like then I'm
gonna just like keep coming keep coming
and then when I would be more positive
about things even if it wasn't going
perfectly thank people want to come
towards me yeah and it's not even just
about the people it's just like I feel
like you're you you yourself want to be
more thanks much happier yeah you just
want to be happier yeah I think positive
thinking is the power positive thinking
is pretty amazing job but I can track
this hair no one
why mmm baby baby baby baby that always
gives me a smile I do
righto helped ally with the podcast so
they can have stereo mics now and all
the Canadians all the Canadians in the
lone yeah so if you guys didn't know the
episode 3 of the podcast is live put the
link down there description yeah it's
just like knowing that you guys are
there to support you can appreciate what
we do and even if it's strange and weird
and we're strange where you still could
be there and if you guys have any more
ideas for them to talk about just that
reply them on Twitter you guys want to
see some really crazy and even noticed
this until someone on the Twittersphere
told me okay so yesterday's video was
day 2115 which was also february 11 2015
mind explosion like up here Oh cuz right
now alright ideas are like like down
here like let's listen Ally don't ever
no come down here
down here listen Ally don't have very
good English but the Internet has good
idea great who's Ally Melissa's ideas
are down here but if you bring it up
there's me Melyssa eight five this is a
four or five chemo we're almost done
with this round of chemo and I feel
pretty good actually so don't forget to
subscribed as a brand new and also a
friendly little reminder the CTFxC
beanies a CTFxC murse calm I think
there's one two three there's four four
colors good for summer for spring for
winter for some dice a summer for summer
all also birthday season which is 365
days a year
so you can be all snazzy like this and
they keep your noggin one even for big
heads okay now I feel like I got off try
have a great night I'll see you guys
tomorrow
she's having fun with that now bye guys
the oil actually keep my hair like this
I look like Alabama of dapper tall yes
no joke that didn't even happen
have you ever noticed when you drive
home with your dog they do that when
they start seeing something they're very
familiar like for example the giant
field we're going to I don't know
