and the fun police so Ali and I don't
have any maple syrup in the house so we
decided to volunteer and go get some
because you know we gotta have some
maple syrup and Canadians nice hoodie
there
we're like matching hoodies kind of cute
right baby is very potent so breakfast
where's butter so we decided that you
know the least we could do
I'm gonna go get butter like that cranky
you all your pancakes two people one
movin within six seconds no joke got a
nice little kick this is not really
Canadian breakfast just a nice bright
room ate it you did it oh you gotta fix
this there we go banana pancakes which I
kind of burn regular things bacon eggs
just take some time and then Marla
becomes friends with everybody there you
go you can go be friends I just have to
go pee show everyone your asshole let's
see my new hairstyle is called Charles
stockbroker hey darling
would you like to buy some stock nope
nope it's not working it's not working
get it coming over more would you like
to buy some cutlery oh yes okay sorry
this is cutlery this is the vacuum
cleaner Charles winner and this is
vacuum cleaner Charles I've used the
back you know my hair how would you like
to buy some vacuum cleaners hey how does
it go just give me five minutes real
quick I just want to know how's your
vacuum cleaner working them got some
dogs in there
I call this nope the flock of seagulls
the flock oh you can't leave you alone
what and actually get my hair like this
I don't know what the hell you look like
I look like I'm a dab of dapper Charles
do you not tap her I'm very dapper no
joke guys this didn't mean to happen
okay no you gotta stay in shape no have
you ever noticed when you drive around
with your dog they do that when they
start seeing something they're very
familiar like for example the giant
field we're going to now we're just okay
I'm trying to ask them have you the gala
now we're trying to figure out if it's
just a scent thing or if they can
visually see cuz she was made a good
point like how lost dogs uh you know
commands find their way home it's by
spellers and buying or is it both I
don't know I feel like a lot of it may
be sent I think it's gonna be a scent -
it's kind of nice to just go get old
nice little walk
Marley as I say that Zoey both of you
but I was gonna say it's nice to go out
and get a nice little walk when it's not
a hectic walking any of that Sun those
legs come on Zoey
get out last place you might as well let
go in there because we got to clean them
anyway don't drink it okay Marley goes
in the actual pond oh yeah come on I
just gave you okay over here only
hmmm I can't believe I want you to on
this water
hey come for me bro stay with my dogs
but you're eating the freaking Hawks now
got your back bro think about ladies
girls
why are you oops are you hitting back oh
there you are you're hiding behind my
hat so they're definitely mad at us
right now unfortunately we had to throw
them to the very very back of the car
because they're sopping wet because they
ran through the mud if I ran through the
mud and char threw me into the back of
the car I wouldn't be a happy camper
either rock out I was thinking so funny
when they always have speakers that come
out of rocks she was like rocking out
literally
she'll be right back if you want to get
some food though you're probably going
to eat oh did that what you want
these are so good already
boys smells I like foods behind you know
what is but cold weather and ice cream
it's amazing mix what's on my ice cream
what I already shared with you guys
counter your fear of ice-cream pyramid I
don't like Pete I do I just don't like
oh man I don't like cold stuff and very
weird
well we were on our way home but
nincompoop over here aka squiggles had
to get some more coffee I'm tired I
haven't slept well I'm you know this I
know that in the past couple of weeks we
haven't we tried slept like 3 hours in
the entire time maybe maybe maybe three
hours do not even think about it what
we're going in the shower
starting back to running faces okay
she's got some crazy eyes going on oh
these guys are so polite they've been
here for like almost two to half days
and at once did they ask about this
thing that would been the first thing
walking into the child turn it on now
sure do you know somebody had that your
friend to make them turn it on to free
play that wouldn't be wrong right now
that's it's appropriate you guys have a
pinball machine and you're charging your
friends you are a dick no I want to
thank you and I'm gonna he was something
that like reverberates boom
well now no to sell me loose map you
stick around make it worth your while
pally and I are doing the hold then and
now childhood stars I used to have such
a freaking crush on Ella so Atlantic hey
dot I want to know what Veda looks like
Veda you still it's the same girl
blossom from blah I don't want to
remember that what well those are not
about Oh windy oh my gosh
let's see everything valleys a fair one
look at her look at her go she's a babe
she is she's a babe wait go back go back
like you're missing all these people oh
my god that's I love her Phoebe Cates
yes that song is that Pheebs
yeah Natalie Portman those people out of
the water she's babe hey dude
yeah she's aegis bitch Christina
Applegate is big scene obligated did you
know that she I believe she had breast
cancer she had a double mastectomy I
didn't with it Meredith children hmm she
is a babe oh that's my favorite movie
the labyrinth Jennifer she is a babe she
is a babe you can't tell me this isn't
have you ever seen The Lost Boys oh my
god no he's not to see the rotten thing
Rufio not much doing look at her
what is in the water oh my god honey you
know what it doesn't even look any
different
Heidi you little biatch I already know
what Claire Danes looks like she's the
bomb diggity
Wow what's up with all these girls going
bad look at her she's still beautiful
flawless Molly Ringwald
I love her she's the quintessential 80s
baby that she's the baby such a babe
she's a babe
she's a babe those babes come on babes
guys
she is the babe she's a babe good ending
which was a big fade
I think Punky Brewster I don't know
there was a lot of babes in there then
and now punky brewster your bed she's a
babe your bed mm-hmm I think your bed
hirato she's a babe right Allie
sir watch it or you can sleep outside
and scooting over every time Billy is
cleaned it's like three days he's just
but just giant puff ball
as you can see honestly so I wanted to
make sure that I gave you guys some good
goodbye and I just wanted to say thank
you so much for watching please remember
to hit the subscribe button now below
will be here every single day I think
he's just a little tuckered out fourth
day of chemo it kind of takes a lot out
of him but we love you guys thank you so
much for watching and doodle I gotta say
it
seems to be the happening place to do
the things where they all beat up and
then they do the Fast & Furious the
Furious Tampa Bay dress that's exactly
I'm technically healthier than you yep
Broadway that's fun
are you dead - well I'm not 30
