well good morning actually I should say
way afternoon Internet we're all
recovering from playlists little by
little wait who woke up the last of the
quarry was quarry nothing wouldn't mess
with you yeah next time you wiggle blast
zoe is slowly trying to kick everyone
out sir you're currently in her spot
yeah she'll do that can they not read
can you not read the pillow Allie got me
that awesome hard drive she's here by a
hard drive but I need more space there's
only one left
son of a bitch
ah that or the rest huh that that was a
strap to go with that one she's only in
America yeah dude don't don't you buy
things down here
oh because they didn't bring it to
Canada cuz they test all the bad stuff
first America
sir I went to spartan kick you in a sec
the good one though
Fouchet playing air hockey air hockey
it's two players due to fish babe this
was a tap the fish and chill oh crap
hey I'm crap I am why are you firing
torpedoes at tiny little fish
nachos
quick you're crossing the line there
then no oh
I die what's wrong I'm hurting so bad I
always got a broken back
I think Marley or Zoey broke her back
okay don't fall asleep so I had to go to
the other Best Buy because all the other
hard drives are sold out that one see
what I need to basically do is I need
five this is gonna sound crazy I know
it's gonna sound crazy I need five six
terabyte hard drives now before you say
anything let me explain myself what it
is it's called a raid system so if one
drive like fails it backs up to another
Drive I have every single footage since
2009 of the vlogs and any videos like
skits that I've ever done on the Charles
Trippy Channel or iPhone videos
basically what I'm trying to say is I'm
a digital hoarder I admit it so Charles
has asked me to vlog in the car this is
me vlogging so yeah if you can imagine
right now I am having the time of my
life because not only did we go to one
Best Buy we are now at the second one go
figure
like I told you before it says
Disneyland - can't stay away girls have
shopping problems when it comes to malls
charles has a shopping problem when it
comes to Best Buy I'm not sure if you
guys actually got to see the aftermath
of Charles little spill from yesterday I
need to go get this clean for him
because this is really bad now you don't
want anybody sitting in a sea and then
up granola up the bud not good not good
not good yeah it's kind of embarrassing
I get best boy for award mobile massages
what are you doing in here sleeping
as you guys control stone one of those
nice relaxing days catching up numerous
days of jet lag numerous weeks of jet
lag I feel like it is really crap bodies
doing it little single hot tub party
it's like a lonely hot tub party right
now I'm going in look of it yeah yeah
face
right
look at the camera what pissed off
well why don't you go back into the
water there we go one Canadian half the
waters gone have the bullet owned all
the cameras are safe phones are safe
Carano you missed the action
now that I figured out the game but the
game is afoot did you get it no I just
gonna it's gonna fly
it's on again seems to be the happening
place like where everyone's gonna do
their work where they all beat up and
then they do the fast and the furious
Daleks are passing the furious Tampa Bay
drift exactly I'm technically healthier
than you I got broccoli that's prized
how you did - well I'm not 30 yet guys
there we go OOP this is my artsy shot no
you look like you did room fancy shot
Charles left his camera on the table I
didn't steal it you left it I believe
for a 100% okay in my defense yeah you
couldn't pick liked any of this are you
one thing that they all said about their
cameras somebody took of the newest
Charles Perkins detective here it's
great that is still we're still playing
catch-up from playlist it's been great
having the Canadians here I hope they
stay for at least on one more day I'm
not really sure what their plans are but
I hope you guys enjoyed today's video
don't forget to subscribe because a
brand new I will see you guys tomorrow
as always toodles made the full speed
where
what we saw on yeah but you got smart
you got it on ice
well it's good marlis now pay attention
so what I fear is that it is national
pizza day there's just in Canada
