playlist now over time to go home
the awkward moment of trying to film and
take all all your luggage feel like
we're always here I don't know why they
even bother giving you a lunch
I'm never going to do it
they're torque
thank you very much how's this just show
what I had look at seeing here fruit to
I limited my amount of french toast to
one does you know me Howie 20 French
toast
ever going home to see the girls now we
are nice and full time to go home yeah I
guess it's actually time to edit right
now
I forgot I fell asleep last night when
Ali Jesse and Travis and I we're all
talking in the hotel so I don't know
Jesse and traveller oh yeah no you were
something there I was like they're
probably recording and we feels like a
big fool you're so full of shit I know
you didn't do that you're such a liar I
know when you're telling the truth and
you're not not even worried that's funny
because I wanna know why in my face the
problem about a mobile office you end up
spilling things all over yourself I was
defeated by a perfect eye my word I have
a vacuum cleaner his name is Marley well
shit happens
shit happens guys love the song
I have this on I have a screen dim so
she had no idea was uh recording this
and I just revealed it
I feel so pathetic right now I'm editing
and just sitting here and my food fell
so I'm just sitting here like this and
just cait's tastefully eating granola
when you go on the couch Oh beds are
made Marley Marley would've made himself
a bed Marley
that is not for you that is for the
apprentice 18 and now you're on this bed
you something dick you can definitely
tell Coby and Tyson we're here there are
toys outside you guys never bring your
toys outside not really disgusting out
every once in a while I'm getting a
whiff of whipped cream that's a might
has stuck in my nostrils
I know I've showed you guys that's
probably a million one times but home is
where the heart is so he already shown
they home is where the heart is
Bitsey Joey Joey oh okay okay I'll stop
okay Marley clear always where the
barley is home is where tomorrow yes
being at the one that originated it was
really really neat and I loved meeting
everybody I knew that char had such a
good time he was so exhausted he
actually was late to a panel
unfortunately but he is Charles Trippy
definitely amazing to meet all of you
guys and thank you so much for the lab
thank you so much for the support thank
you so much for bringing me into your
world and you know I want to say
approving of me but allowing me to be
there so thank you thank you thank you I
am exhausted but we have Corey and his
whole crew coming over and staying at
Charles house so right now you're just
getting movie house ready and I gotta go
get food and all the stuff we're so
underprepared but it's gonna be a fun
week
mm baby poop what's the try some baby
poop that's right right well this really
she comes before you wolf it down they
smell it okay
smell it and see if you like it see you
would probably not like that yeah try it
yeah it's just leaf just ground it up
you're not gonna want this either I
promise they're apples watch did you
guys this is a little fun fact did you
guys know the stickers on fruit like
apples and bananas are actually edible
world's ugliest carrot yes I can't give
you those we care of Marley you can have
this carrot nope you have that one so on
top of sustenance look at Ali brought me
this is a big gray this is better than
chocolate look at that a six terabyte
internal hard drive for my drove oh that
way I'd never lose any more data so
everyone say Thank You Ali one two three
thank you and thank you I have like a 32
terabyte reg raid system I literally
have every single vlog since 2009 backed
up just in case like and you can export
something or anything like that
definitely a lot of never-before-seen
stuff there's a lot of funny stuff that
I just never you know forgot to put in
or just read something really bad in it
like somebody was doing something bad or
saying something really vulgar there's
so many things on the cutting room floor
because you think do you think about a
24 hour day and I film what was 10
minutes 15 minutes 20 minutes you guys
see but if you think about it there's
got to be so much stuff I have to cut
out and dirt truly is so I should
definitely do that we got some intruders
in the house
and they're desperately trying to get
Marley to pay attention to it right
that's okay
tomorrow is the most difficult dog in
the world to get attention good good
watch this Corrado you see that thing
right behind your shoulder open that
thing right there instant friends oh how
are you today good well we are
celebrating Titans birthday so Melissa
was nice enough to get darky ice cream
for everybody including Phil including
you're gonna have some all the birthday
pups tithe defending your honor there
char how dare you it's Tyson's birthday
hi though he's sick honey he is eight
he's 56 in dog years he's about to
collect Social Security this is because
I'm gonna money they're ready for this
so I don't know if you guys see this but
she's just but there she is
this is what we saw originally before I
walked over this is the same ice cream
that we Churchill on yes
but he got smart and got his own ice
cream well look at that marlis out
paying attention amazed so what I've
hearing is that is national pizza day
just in Canada oh they're everywhere
yeah yeah there's a national or
international you know what it's just
frickin pizza day like your rule I just
like my roll it's just pizza day I feel
like every day should be good too big
all right where's your pizza tattoos
yeah are you on time out on your
birthday okay yes I know
so Corrado is going to be the winner of
the week if he gets this award yep new I
know right find me in the face just like
the other day yeah buy her sir I'm done
he came in the door after you so I mean
Corey might be able to show you
I think it might be this phone slide
that up for it we might I don't trust
this this is not gonna do this 1% up
it's really fun it's not going to shock
you okay that's really pretty
well the pic like this I got this okay
let's do that
okay concentration yeah hold me back
well the finale
Tyson's awake now guys everyone's in bed
now well get the bed Corrado that's it
I said that one wasn't bad don't listen
and I have to start this again
so I'm gonna go to bed hope you enjoyed
today's video I'll see you tomorrow
your family's name is my older brother
and nobody wait nobody knows it
see this beautiful thing right and then
she follows up with these
that's
