good morning Internet so I am super late
for my panel all right do I steal it
no he's the stage but tomorrow I'm dr.
Lieberman there's no way I would have
made this panel except for Tina calling
me was blogging your life away it was
perfect example because I was up till
6:00 in the morning to get the vlog
yesterday out Jessi is now flogging his
life in bed right now
asshole I should go away come on
oh I don't want to bet I made it yeah
yeah it's totally fine it's perfect
because they were like talking literally
they were talking about the stress of
sleep the lack of sleep while vlogging
as I came out it was like the best like
intro I could ever possibly get you know
sorry sorry teacher I got an apple I
didn't even realize I was doing this
when I woke up when I got offstage my
socks were like this like no joke
and she's like you mean to do that I'm
like yes yes I did
it's quite a little look there for you
Josh all right so I'm stuffing my face
with banana I'm taking a little nap
before the Mean Green Sleeping Beauty's
awake what is that in your hand sleeping
beauty you're so cute when you sleep no
don't even I know you guys were
snuggling earlier don't worry I
documented it just in case you were
wondering it happened
are you ready for the movie hey Donna
for water open up the door oasis
literally going oh is this right there
the Train Smita drains water this whole
time Jesus belly belly
love it that's trust is better I sit
here I don't know I don't make the rules
you you're gonna upset a large amount of
the audience of Internet why good padmi
the face I know I was in my mean great
way to I'm sorry
hey buddy no same one did you get you
good four times
I never make up that story took to save
time I don't know what I was saying I'll
just like just come out here already I'm
trying to melt some burning Hannah don't
the reason why I shaded do it was
because he was busy I was too busy with
here my buddy Sam and I just want to
show look his awesome tattoos we've had
two brothers now look at this I was
telling them what's gonna hurt and
what's not gonna hurt hey you know at
the neck maybe anything like that
stopping right here
so Mitchell I were being a buddies last
time and look at this they know we're
mean up buddies yeah
they know we're mean up buddies meet up
buddies there's so much fun with
snapchat now a snap chatting with all
these people and everytime i snapchatted
never starts laughing so so this is like
a family reunion my older brother went
to whoa
nobody knew this
alright so Mia first he shows me this
beautiful thing right and then she
follows up with these
had she sensors on play casino Charles
in a fertile desert
you guys are new terabrite is the ones
that do the CTFxC outro so I'm pretty
I'm like a proud papa right now DJ I
want you to have my babies
look at these two waited in the whole
line right it's so long so long look
they grew mustaches and beards the wings
along comes along meeting great Charles
was the last one here
everybody had cleared out all the lights
are on everybody's tearing down they
were trying to turn the lights off and
Charles is still over there meeting with
people I was like not gonna happen
I'm Charles still over there so I ran
over there oh you know yeah I turned the
light now I didn't realize oh that
wasn't the same yeah turn the lights off
so we decided to lay down the law some
and decided to come hang out with either
one go to Universal here we go - what
napping taking a nap ski nasty poo here
he did any what better for the most my
lights own CTFxC story okay Allie used
to know this little girl
since she was a baby I don't maybe
babysat her brother my brother with a
girl and today we saw her mother and her
little sister and they had no idea who
watches the video so she watches TV FPC
so therefore she watched Italian myself
on the CTF I see every single day she
had no idea that she was watching
somebody she already knew until they
came to the gathering today and it was
just a toilet
exactly probably one of the most
interesting stories that I've ever heard
about the significance of
also another little fun story look at
Halley's arm right there the proper way
you have meet up Sharpie bytes jobs can
confess to this you never go past the
the neckline look at this they still
there valium will so both marking my
face never touch the hair it's never
ever ever let's try this a little trip a
trick does the trick yes to hold the
close button and the one you want to go
to it shoot you straight up to the floor
want to go right no stops don't you stop
I think that's a trick please take
working double time okay Cooper Cooper
goes we seem to go Harry Potter Sally
and her purse
he's gone what do you see mom run like
that that means the kid is probably
gonna do it so Universal Studios open
their gates for playlist live after
hours which is kind of cool because that
means we get to ride every ride that we
want always want to ride but has a super
long long wait first of all first thing
is we're taking Travis on the rocket
roller coaster transformers again
alright watch that again they might have
a nice warm bed
thanks for ya but nope I'm gonna go in
that movie ride where you watch their
celebrity it's so crazy being here and
no one being on the streets except those
people it looks so ominous right now
Travis almost did it it's it's all a
bunch of little kids like almost looking
like they're gonna throw up as you guys
know and so now I have fluid in my ear
which costs me to be dizzy nauseous and
headaches so sweet push you like that I
mean okay no I almost actually just felt
like a terrible friend
wait think my friends got like vertigo
and I'm gonna pushing L stop turning me
left it's like Oh give vertigo what
happens when I push it it feels like
vertigo it's awful it's like I'm going
to puke or or punch myself I don't know
there she is
magical land right magical land
whimsical wizard watch out for the
wizard Danny Duncan being Bill Paxton
not Bill Paxton twisters are serious
threats damn per year these monsters
tear through homes and ruin lives it's
kind of twisted or messed up with Bill
Paxton saying it makes it fairly funny
it's a twisted twisted humor to it
without the right guys you can YouTube
to Bill Paxton speech on the twister
ride do you two think you can yes
and you have the taller leg I don't get
it why are you so slow that is the end
of playlist and look at this we have a
new guest in our bed instead of at the
bottom of the bed now he's moving up in
the world guys
Moulson phil had headed home a little
early but we were a little too tired so
we're gonna pass out what was your
favorite part I don't think I had one in
particular I like doing the meat great
so it's fun but I also kind of like work
here I'm just meeting people
hi guys yep you just made the whole
internet yeah by doing that nice to even
Tyler mouths no but it was fun it was
really cool I didn't know what to expect
and I definitely loved it everybody was
really cool too it's been a blast
it'll be nice to go home with Hale with
the puppies anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video
bunch of videos either posts are on her
snapchat I posted on my snapchat we kept
you guys informed to all the new
subscribers welcome hi how's it going my
name is Charles this is Allie oh don't
forget to subscribe here's a brand new
and we will see you guys tomorrow as
always they hold on I collaborate listen
you're gonna collaborate in a second cuz
I'm not gonna say the end of the video
okay Clark everyone wants to say
goodnight
thank you babe hey you guys
I know
right
