good afternoon
wow that looks that Toria look rehearsed
in it get some food stay hydrated don't
do anything silly do not be me
bye guys okay had to give some advice
anyway with some food
do you want it
hey I hate when you do that thing a
person automatically goes the other way
just play along
what's always doing that this is the fun
games play along mmm this ever got a
side of fruit guy throws down a roller I
can't eat eggs anymore ever since the
time we were like Indonesia or Singapore
or the underdeveloped duck eggs this day
I can't either
the internet uses slang the first one
was ship and none of us knew what it
really meant a lot of ideas but
Melissa's idea is the best look good
what is it
olessa or it becomes challi she kind of
thinks that ships mate
basically right now exactly their two
mates coming onto a board one chip and
it makes sense but then there's not room
for two up on the door no I didn't the
two ship so they ship it like I ship
back so I move forward with that that's
two different things he said are they
colliding are they going forward
but you got an app cheat when you're
doing that you just did a super jump and
what world does a super jump exist in
general thank you so Alan I would walk
back to go inside and something that I
ship it like really cute okay so it's
exactly how I said okay okay two boats
coming together yeah everyone's just
hanging out the windows right now then
they're just gathering right here it's
kind of crazy to think how small these
once were where they were ten or fifteen
people now they're like twenty thousand
people doing these things
that's a couple backdoors so let's go
walk around hey Shay Carl I'm looking
for Casey Butler we're learning things
today I swear to you I did not know what
that meant I feel like a complete idiot
I was getting stopped it's so pretty so
pretty I want to make I want to make
sure to put this exactly like it is when
we leave because just do not open it but
open it hurts face you can't record this
it's the new Mila King song not allowed
to record this
you are you have me I thought you guys
I'm contouring i contoured I don't know
if that's out there appropriate work but
I am she's contoured okay you're so
contoured right now that's okay how do
you look beautiful I know you're close
but it wasn't to do anything with our
actual ship
what was it post what is it caught what
is it and then you gotta feel this chin
got the floppy ID now oh and that's me I
feel good er your question you speak
German
I'm just gloating but this is why Jesse
and I get along
we're chocolate chips drive different
vehicle living so we're trying to see
how many vehicles we can drive in this
hotel right zero zero
my bet is that they're gonna be like
yeah I just met your manager Jesse you
guys are playing the show you stole a
cop car
well you just look so fine on that
Segway I'm telling you if some guy came
up to me and they hit on me on a Segway
you might have an issue baby you're a
good dancer on a Segway I get one of
these when I go home Danny you're
playing because Travis all right sorry
Charles cannot play right now we're
gonna tell everyone last night actually
this morning we had a seizure
and one scene which is a scenario
right now I'm going to be giveaway
companies
hello hello hello okay okay Charles has
no idea not once not twice not three
times
so Jesse is in on the Hawaiian disaster
that's mustn't happen to Charles no in
plenty but there's a secret to it what
we're going to get a microphone in the
back seat if you like hey Charles do
remember that you're supposed to ride at
the base
I never got that story took to save time
I don't know what I was saying was just
like just come out here already I'm
talking about some burning Hanna I know
you were just another game now I just
drink
sorry Charles
I'd hug you but see right about now I
don't know if I should be angry at you
for being associated or very proud or
very proud of you that you guys
completed such a good hi Jax hi sure I
look like crap right now a pie in the
face is so easy
I want to be in the fireman so I was
going back to the room a little early
and I had a little note apparently this
person likes carrots and decided to
share it with me my sister successfully
pranked me you and you down there making
stuff up picking up your french fries
yes I'm going to cash in my I'm cashing
in my pizza day right now anyway hope
you guys enjoyed today's video don't
forget to subscribe there's a brand new
and thank you so much for all high five
special you have the day kind of started
with the you know the seizures stuff hey
wait before the bed
Oh
I say
right now
yeah
