first off look about the dog slobber on
the door second off diesel is on the
hunt for lizards lady Marley wants you
go outside
enjoy yourself I don't know why right
now she looks so dirty diesel diesel
where the lizards you find any lizards
no no lizards today okay thank goodness
good morning guys or good afternoon I
should say last night it's so weird to
say Ali and I broke the bed again oh
look at that we really know who's the
true alpha dog in this situation anyone
he could guess got tingler's like a
couple months ago we were sleeping a
Lynette were sleeping in was okay a
couple weeks ago then I'm sorry that we
were sleeping in the bed just collapsed
on itself we looked in the okay I guess
the people who did the floor I guess
didn't put it back together so last
night again we were sleeping and it just
collapsed on us so we have to try to
figure this out because I am not
sleeping well every time I just go into
this ditch it's right in the center and
Ali sleeps here I sleep there and then
we end up right there basically like
smushed into this little area you can
actually see where the divot is I mean I
like sleeping next to you but so Ali's
best friend Shelly
what if she saw I guess about two weeks
ago that's funny she actually sent you a
bunch of leeks both you guys are a bunch
of nerds I'm surprised they actually
last well said she sprayed him with
something so that they lasted look at
how cool they lured though they're so
pretty
mmm oh this is what Ali did the last
time by the way cat is getting a little
bit more adventurous crawling up things
jumping on things coming okay really
becoming a cat honestly becoming again
with becoming a cat she's starting to
clawed things like
our couch in our chair which I read is
like completely natural yes because
that's how I stretch but we're not
letting it happen so what we were
planning on doing walk should weren't
playing we looked into the whole decline
thing obviously you guys know this but
every time we tried talking and we're
like having a conversation with you one
of the dogs decide it's a great time to
start drinking hear the birds beautiful
water but I mean they know I don't know
I don't know no things like oh that new
camera boots anyway so it's saying it's
like we looked into a whole decline
thing which I was impartial but then I
looked more into it and I refuse to do
that to Rico because what I've read is
this equivalent today taking your finger
right here and chopping it off like that
so you wouldn't have that part of your
finger so that's we found these things
that are essentially just like a little
I want to call them finger condoms but
they're not they're like think about
like fake nails or covers your yeah
covers your nails this is kind of the
same thing but it's rubber and it
doesn't do anything to the cat it's
actually someone who hasn't been
recommended yeah actually said and it's
a safe way for the cats and they can
keep their claws and they won't destroy
faces or dog faces or furniture or
anything like that only thing is they
don't last that long well this is six
weeks but like we'll see at the end of
the day it's way more humane here's the
funny part is that we gotta figure out
how to get this on Rica and we feel like
right now in the middle of the afternoon
is where she takes her cat nap so this
would probably the best time to even try
doing this
hello that she has turned this room into
her little cat cave yeah well she's just
waking up so this is gonna be easy do
that now
good afternoon okay welcome to the world
these little things her eyes are so
close this is actually a good idea
that's the glue and then you take those
see you're supposed to do that that's
what you're supposed to use not the
couch this is what we're doing see what
the hell man we gotta see if it fits her
first okay you want to see what it is
next time I'm gonna get colored ones we
got to see if that even fits her before
you put the glue in there this is
definitely the experiment and we're just
trying to see what the vet means by this
because it
little goofy looking goofy looking but
it comes off you're just complaining cuz
you're like I just want to go play and
you guys are nothing we play see we want
to keep your knuckles I want you to keep
your own box and I want to keep my couch
yeah that's gonna be so awful when she
tries to go play maybe we should just
try the back pot or the front paws for
right now because that's the only one
she really we're gonna get little kitty
treats for you that's what we'll do
after this when they when they declawed
cat they want to do the front anyway I
see why are they having when colors now
mix no one gets you like blue or pink I
mean we got him on it was like going to
the nail salon I know tormenting that
can be I know they don't hurt her
this was a better this is what the vet
said he suggested this is awkward I
think it's a severed ear no it doesn't
hurt her and I think she needs the
colored ones that way she looks like she
has little fingernails this is the
ultimate test
look he's gotta keep her distracted with
it
I guess the younger we get are used to
this the better
that's tape where's the cat netball girl
and cat we need to have our office back
so it's probably gonna take a little bit
42 she was funny cuz she was just
running around a little bit and she kept
jumping and it was kind of how like
Marley reacted and eBooks well yeah how
Marley reacted with socks but even when
they were in the snow you know where it
was like they were touching it but they
were kind of uncomfortable with it
but she's okay and one thing we do want
to bring to your attention because we
know this is gonna happen a lot of
people in the comment section are gonna
be like I can't believe you did that to
her she was crying this is probably the
most humane thing that we can do it's
something that the vet recommended for
being very very safe and they fall off
you know it's not like it's gonna be
something that they have to get ripped
off they fall off eventually just
remember we love our animals we're not
doing this to be jerks so let's keep the
comment section nice and let's not freak
out she's gonna be playing in like two
seconds just like she was and she's
gonna be just fine
and usually she's still getting used to
but she's doing good doesn't hurt her
it's just different
actually my sister Caitlin with her cat
I think it was with Mako she ended up
using these as well and she said they
were really great the nice thing is like
when their nails grow longer they it
still covers it but it'll pop off I
still want her to be able to climb a
little bit just not claw obviously she
actually associates the scratch post
with pretty much everything and we got
one of those big giant cat towers I feel
like you're suing Maggie as a Marley
boss he's apologizing did she get you
doing a pop - you guys she scared you
with your paw huh that's actually kind
of funny
apparently Office Depot at least this
one is going out of business so
everything is like 80% off we don't even
have a printer I guess we could get one
for like 10 bucks I figured this would
be a good time to get Navy to my cables
or a big annoying anything like mine oh
look we can get CDRs it's still $45
those aren't markdown I see you but I
can't get to you
can you tell which duct tape no one
liked I don't know it's a wild guess we
can get a price gun I hold on see if it
works your $40 been here worth $40 all
right I know this is one of the funniest
comments that I see is my hair like in
the comments so I need to get a haircut
right now shave my head guys my head was
shaved
what's this cut to that really quick yep
not gonna do that again you get one off
there you go look at trees they actually
look good so she got one off already
never had a cat to catch it before we
just got done doing a live show for the
past hour and a half which is awesome I
actually want to ask you guys in the
comments Alan now we're thinking about
maybe doing live shows maybe not three
times a week for me like Monday and
Wednesday or something like that it
could be well throw it on Taco Tuesday
but maybe one Monday and Wednesday I
don't know let me know in the comments
we can't want to do those a little bit
more so that way were more interactive
we do respond to comments but we thought
this would be a lot more fun on Taco
Tuesday look at Alex she cut herself
okay guys my poor left hand by Portland
well the thing is we got these times
during our our wedding and they're sharp
as hell I cut myself too I don't know
what hand it was thing goes right here
I'm usually pretty
about it but I was cutting up a furnace
slipped I didn't cut my finger off but
just kind of sees it trippy
I'm not very comfortable thing it hurts
pretty bad it's looking a little rough
you know I don't want to look I want to
make them look so what we're thinking
about this we were think about doing
these live shows because we noticed
during this live show we get to talk
about things that necessarily we can't
talk on YouTube because of I don't know
YouTube we do it's just more personal I
think right don't you think we usually
would do when we would go to carve take
a road trip or something or we're
heading somewhere we where we would be
in for a while talking you guys and just
hanging out that's all was I have
started this person all day all the time
well yeah let us know in the comments I
think we want to try to do it at least
two maybe three times a week just that
way we can have this more personal
conversation let us know in the comments
cuz I won't do it if you guys don't want
to want to watch if you guys don't want
to watch it just do the middle finger
emoji in the comments so I guess and
they all know if you do thumbs up emoji
how about that tell me how you really
feel
as Steven Paul he's thanking too happy
when he sees you doing that as you can
probably tell she's kind of gotten
pretty used to that stuff
why are you probably pretty stoked on
fact that she can't scratch you anymore
so he's getting this burst of energy
so Zoe's leg brace her hip brace comes
in like a day or two obviously she
doesn't probably need it she's already
seeking to climb stuff so she's fine
you're good look at balance thank you so
much for watching if you guys are brand
new please don't forget to hit that
little subscribe button don't forget to
hit that like button
