what to take a mini road trip mini road
trip I love the apartment it's good girl
- where Zoey you coming over here -
hello girls
load up what's one that's two so thank
God I have insurance on this thing so
we're going to go get this returned a
replaced thumb is starting to bleed I'm
really feeling like I have shards of
glass in my fingers I was using a let√≠s
finger on the airplane she was taking
one for the team so I could ask so I can
answer some snaps could see little
shards of glass really yeah you could
see him Oh girls you ready we're gonna
go see Tyson we'll go see Tyson
what are you tweeting about me tweeting
about going to the mall really
she didn't she did well you guys heard
it first here on CTFxC where's our
little TMC back here how did you find
that out you were in her garbage that's
just weird here to really stop doing
that MA wait one of the careful there's
a car careful watch yourself
there's a cop what you hear it saved
your life be careful I just saved your
life and now we wait I could see clearly
now the cracks are gone I can use my
finger without getting bloody you know
what I'm starting to put two and two
together alright so in these cases with
50 $70 ATRs what I mean they cost like
50 or 60 bucks to place your phone if
you have insurance
since not even get a damn phone because
we could just replace the phone for the
same possum of a case they made this
figured out the whole Apple scheme here
they just have an epiphany
that's it
you should get I glasses like that
the brown is it
you look like a fly no like with your
hair and everything I feel like every
single time we're at this mall
you have to be all fancy smancy got to
hold your purse like that
I hate the small hello twerps you're a
little everyone come on to you
yes yes everyone is everyone's a bunch
of little poop-heads yes especially you
hey everyone everyone everyone everyone
you know what you are
do you need help Elly as I'm like
struggling to know I need you to turn
the camera I have a gentleman yeah you
ask if I need help I do hold a camera
I'm back the way to get the perfect shot
well yeah show me what you're working
with she'll meet you working with what
doo dee doo doo the boo doo dee doo mom
is gonna put Duty do - Tenzin's got a
badonkadonk oh yeah
you guys won't see some embarrassing
that's me on the left you guys couldn't
tell I just love that photogate his hat
that's me on the left again
so this nerd this nerd right here turned
into some what kind of a cool person you
shut your mouth
was that you Tyson did you say that you
don't gangster such a getting stupid
Tyson say right there
you won't want to mess with this girl
watch out he's looking at your food you
better give it to him hey Tyson hi
this here's go up as like hat Falls what
about you
are you gangster so you want to do it
this is like I just want the food so as
you guys know the Super Bowl is my
favorite favorite holiday of all
holidays relationship that I know so
much about football
so football Bob f underscore I don't
know anyway so we're going downtown st.
Pete we're gonna see what's goin on
meet up with Ali's sister I'm gonna
pretend like I know what I'm talking
about up yep touchdown what do you want
the win
and Seattle
it's a bad time to say the Patriots a
touchdown
very bad time
so idea
expression is peacock I'm going to tiger
you're a firework because that I work
I'm going back to the apartment because
I'm bored and I gotta work like that hi
Bri I'm a good lyricist so I got super
bored watching the football game and
decided to go home and get my stuff
taken care of that is just meditate and
got to fix my phone like an idiot I
gotta transfer everything over again ah
did you guys know how much football I
love hey you guys want to watch some
football games let me get a house I'll
probably get now just in time for alarm
whoo hey guys so I just wanted to kind
of take a second just kind of calm down
and just relax it was kind of another
reason why I was wanting to come home a
little bit early is because tomorrow I
actually have to go get another MRI it's
gonna be the first MRI back since
restarting the whole chemo thing it's
always a little nerve-racking so it was
really nice to be able to go see Shay
and the kids and go see some really
close friends to kind of keep my mind
off of things and just have a good time
and just enjoy friends and family I just
wanted to say thank you guys so much so
so much I know it seems like something I
say all the time but honestly guys I
read the Twitter comments the view Tube
comments it just makes me feel so
blessed and so crazy lucky to have a
group of people that are so involved in
my life that I can have this
conversation but seriously guys you are
freakin outrageous see you like how I
did that I didn't plan to have the shirt
on I just looked down like I'm wearing
an outrageous shirt is actually my dad's
old t-shirt I think when he was my age
this was his t-shirt which is kind of
crazy to think about
don't rageous so I'm just hanging out
with the girls right now is really nice
to go see Ali's sister and her
brother-in-law she's out hanging out
with them cuz she hasn't got this here
sister a long time and she's coming back
it's not so much the MRI itself because
you know so claustrophobic and loud and
annoying but then you got the waiting
did the smell of a hospital which it
always is freaky for anyone
you guys protecting me yeah standing
guard
I guess what is a couple days we're
actually made a playlist live but
hopefully I'll see all you guys at
playlist live I'm really really really
pumped Melissa and Allie are filming
another recording another podcast and of
course this is what you have to remember
because there's no video yet guys look
like good you look like nuns in bunny
suits right Wyatt nuns your hat is no
Musti no Buster I don't know I just I
was what was gonna say I know I just
don't speak no planning no planning we
don't have an intro yet we still don't
have an intro yet it's kind of
embarrassing that we don't have an intro
yet so please help us get an intro sorry
it's gone bad don't forget to subscribe
guys and I will see you guys tomorrow
boys can I do
so looks like the fielded I'm standing
on a little cottage fight to war
what you do is II play with the cat just
rush through the night side fun how you
guys bored the girl because girls get
the hell out
counting sake through girls no way
