good morning the Internet and you barely
move
Ali please get my shirt back on arms
I barely move my arms hi let your hand
up actually good up here it's like my
shoulder hurts
Ali's pretty much broken right now
I'll eat food wait turn back around
wait run down the hallway run down the
hallway not like an 80 year old woman my
butt is killing me again my neck hurt
let's order sickness right here shit
so all we've been doing is going down to
Park City and we feel like a little bit
bad that we haven't kind of ventured off
into a TD land Beverly we didn't like
get the venture off into Salt Lake City
espresso coffee
front of your face everything is salt
lake city is the world's finest guess
what about you they have the best Wi-Fi
to does have free Wi-Fi so we walked
into this restaurant and a few deaf
experience Katie right over there will
help us say hi
so that means CTFxC years our leet
literally on top of mountains and in
coffee shops she was but it was so funny
there she was like really cool just I
tried to stay cool but I just can't do
it anymore okay she was really nice I
love meeting as a person way I will
watch the eternal struggle go on the
eternal struggle no baby got this we get
another angle there eternal struggle you
did it don't you feel much better now
I'm proud of you
so we were walking and it started
recognizing everything and I think we
play the show down there I remember
Chloe and I walked up the air and then
fingers like an hmm in an apple store
it's like aunt well
that was you trying to drink the last of
it that's a very difficult moment from
we have an idea right this first shits
and giggles
what let me see your phone no let's see
it I'll show you something on the phone
you have to tell me why though it's a
size expiry
you guys if you were wondering what if
schmuck was sandwich and all the
solitaire damage for a Barbie doll we
literally were just walking around and
we found us literally it's a hole in the
wall get this we're gonna do it best
sandwich in all of salt
we're not everything's best eat that and
tell me the best dog
best ever yeah leave me hanging babe I'm
supposed to sit up here goat on your
butt you got a cold but that's like the
number-one thing I've heard to come out
of Ali's mouths is that I got a cold but
you would think with all this covering
that you'd be nice and warm I think we
have found something okay you get to
touch the dirty door
I want anything it sees a local small
computer so dangerous so dangerous
dangerous just like what you always say
will you do with all that junk up in
your trunk that way just like the small
computers okay
you have no idea that you're on the
escalator you know he was so good lately
all right come on babe getting over all
your fears today
don't baby at this deal first yeah yes
you did it
playful
a lease is 16
right what is he crazy the clock down
watch out you're gonna lose your foot
all right so our buddy Ricky said to go
check out Temple Square and so happen to
be so close we should be firing it out
wait I have an idea
and charge King everyone char is king
I know there's a beautiful church and
that's what he does people eating dick
without it so excited has stumbled upon
Temple Square now we were told to go
this way
we didn't know where we're going we kind
of started walking look at Ali she
snapchatting away or instagraming away
yeah I'm doing it walking back back in
like three there's no they're not even
freaking out
no that's tough to cover up baseball so
Ali came up with a cool little idea
since I've been using snapchat a lot I'm
going to do on the trippy Channel you
took that consciousness trippy I'm gonna
do like a summary every once in a while
like a snapchat story summary of the day
not every single day because I'm sure
that's just something I'll forget over
time but I did try it different once a
while like if you don't have snapchat
I'll just go and I'll make a little
compilation summary of it subscribe to
suit youtube.com slash trippy and
surprisingly enough this one over here
is actually getting me more and more
into it if you guys didn't know Ally
snapchat is now public with an alleyway
okay you heard my I will you hurt my eye
Starbucks no no no ii have a power to
lay out so I'm doing those little
snapchat everything have no power to you
have so much power over me right now
yeah I recorded elaborate you have no
power over me
that's weird I really can't fight you go
about it do a sober no saying we're
walking back there we're gonna do a
little snapchat day summaries on the
trippy Channel I'm
do i I'm gonna start doing them on my
phone because I thought it'd be kind of
little interesting to try to add it home
on my phone so you can see today's
satsangh if he doesn't have all the crap
I thought it was kind of a I thought I
always suggested and I thought it'd be
kind of like a fun little extra thing to
do
cuz you're so smart yeah where I can
tell ya it's actually really glue right
so we have like an hour - my friends are
actually deleting the tickets to the
movie what movie I think it's like there
will be a dream or something like that
all right
there will be a dream I love me the case
there's a movie called check yes will be
a dream Juliet called check yes dream
you Julia Jude Skyway I don't know
anyway you see if I get home - loving
Salt Lake City so beautiful so guess
what I got you
yeah follows no I did get you another
one of these whoo
track we try this you try it without
that and an apple I hear these are good
I know I heard they're there I know but
I might say that for myself and this is
the one I think that you're gonna be the
most excited about the one that I'm most
excited about
it's a choco cow is that like a choco
cow maybe you're the most beautiful
person in the world thank you thank you
so much me let's see the cow let's see
it you can tell we're pretty much dead
from skiing skiing oh my God my head
hurts so bad my body didn't I feel like
I'm a big old baby right now
your coop I feel like a giant baby right
now look at this hot mama so I have a
hot mama taking you out on a date right
now
nice who says men have to take women out
on dates on guys
social right we actually will be
dooby-doo paper-rock-scissors the
prepper losses has to pay that round and
then the next person has to pay the next
but in Poland we're also celebrating
because today is the official day that
real and uncensored actually came out
today
so Marisa and alia been texting backs
photos that I just want to show you guys
because of you it's already number 7 on
IG single time was every single time was
the sense alia text message I hear a
little squeal come out of Ali
Charles
you look super hot right now in the
light but I just
yeah the links down there description
guys neo uncensored is now available on
the podcast is free you guys don't know
if podcasting is it's basically where
the hatch sound of the radio show and
listen Ally basically gonna be
uncensored just talk about everything
first episode they're talking about bad
beats no subscribe to the podcast right
now like I said it's number seven I
think we can make it number one put ours
to it on all right it is time to end the
video I hope you guys enjoy today's
video
actually Sundance Sundance was a lot of
fun how was snow for the first time
I'm ready for some Florida weather guys
don't forget to subscribe like she said
and check out all the cool stuff we were
talking about in today's video the bonus
snapchat story summaries that we were
doing hey it's some CTFxC r--'s how are
you
Kristen and Amanda look at that look at
this nice little beanie there okay we're
gonna say good night from Salt Lake
we do that
