okay soon interface letter first friends
guessing Catherine we got this photo
looks totally different doesn't now
Ali bought me a muffin by the time she
got a coffee I ate the bucket
fire fuck it ate that thing
they give you a muffin it could be a
blueberry muffin tins of that you expect
me not eating I think you share the
plane snow
trees are crying floridian I know
there's a sock place up here so we're
gonna go by our giant socks anything in
there appraised at priceless
we thought we had something to do today
but I screwed up and schedule because
there's so much going on I misread the
schedule so we're gonna end up doing is
I'm gonna take out your see some snow
and I'm gonna peg you with a snowball so
we're making sure a like it's a nice
rain boots so when she goes in the snow
shoes have cold tiptoes i think i've
been offered no Cheetos then when you
get home no then when you get home you
get splash in the puddles all the time
like you like to babe look a guy a
beautiful flip it around your neck
either little heavy they say it took
problem between 15 and 20 million years
for the form wow so your necklace like
took 16 million years before hope you
like it Ali and I watched almost famous
gone girl and then wristcutters all
movies with Petra Fugate and then he
just walked by us is obviously stalking
us and easily up Patrick
Patrick you gotta step do with that man
s-stop that's what we're doing tomorrow
look giant slope I the guy actually this
is kind of funny thing our uber driver
you're telling him that we were going
snowboarding for the first time and he
laughed hysterically I'm not really
taking that the right white that's a
negative negative little thing you said
to me but mmm Lisi he's like don't worry
you're gonna fall all the time hey don't
worry she's gonna have to go you're
gonna hurt a lot haha Sundance is pretty
calm this week Oh poochie's I'll entire
mortgage and all the doggies instead all
the celebrities alli and I are just
watching all the doggies I've been
really introduced a lot really pretty
we're planning on this winter I don't
know when maybe after playlist we're
gonna do like a little we're gonna do a
real road trip with diesel Joey and
Marley let the dog see snow for the very
first time that's what's gonna end up
happening probably after playlist right
after playlist yeah we're doing a little
road trip with the dogs and see if they
like snow see what I mean hi puppy how
are you you have a better haircut than
me dog styling more than me
okay so this is going on your head
putting on your new boots entertaining
real life guys nothing what we do take
my shoe off pull moussaka shoot right
back on I'm gonna need the whole I
breath after that one Oh are we need to
get some goggles cuz you don't want to
rent goggles this gross I would have
Farrah eat all the pink mmm cuz you want
pink hey guys even though a least
favorite color is pink how big pink hot
pink that's sarcasm guys I just want to
throw that out there I think these exact
same ones i purchased last time Ali come
here this is important is actually good
training you see how fast these are
coming this how fast you have to get off
the the thing I really yeah no
hesitation babe I don't know I was gonna
go ask them this is how I got screwed I
have a little nervous I'll be really on
this is the most nerve-racking part well
no no no I'm like a mole nervous about
skiing and so
I'm not gonna lie I mean I'll be
completely honest this is the most
nerve-racking part I'm afraid of like
going so fast enough we'll stop fall on
your butt just pull backwards this like
power slide that's why I was already
asleep you ever sleep like a baseball
player oh and then plate as well
basketball we don't power slide I know
you faked injuries stop saying that Oh
hate you mommy's digesting me where you
guys come out the back Oh what
fun isn't it my baby isn't that
gratifying
you wanna carry the signal fall go stop
around I know you've been waiting
so hard well I make a snowman
I wanna make a snowman
hey again the perfect snow angel right
that no no no do you how to do it you
just ruined it that was the best snow
angel place ever oh yeah aren't you
wearing gloves
I was gonna make a snowman cows are cool
you wear boots
not in the booth during the pool sorry
mom I just pulled down after her one day
I said don't kick but please keep the
snow in my shoes how many times has he
done this three three times I can't
control the flow could you can control
your foot I can't roll your foot kid not
so like that was a really bad idea
better than mine had no freaking fingers
all right where do you wanna make a
snowman at we want everyone to see us no
matter who do you want me right here
looks prettier over there okay their
biggest snowman
this is the softer stuff
huh
weirdo snowman
snowing
I wearing vans sweetie no I'll come help
you in a second doing such a good job by
yourself
ah
so just a little update here's Marley
you are an artist and there's me and
there's ali i got the big ginormous face
duck I thought these were rocks is
literally dog shit should I bring it
over for the zoe Marlene diesel to us no
man it looks like it has a back problem
is that diesel I don't know his head's
really small cuz he's got a good chance
that Zoe that's OE there Zoe Marley now
we get get diesel oh come on ah mine
just died he's now a cool man my
boyfriend Zoe Marley garnish don't get a
li li so frozen
that's a good thing now they don't hurt
anymore yeah was it worth the wait yeah
all right get three balls okay
suck at this it's like it though
first of all first of all
Betty perfect are they
what I got to I hit you Oh Apple Jeff
yeah what's it do is to slip everywhere
sometimes you know this it's really what
at a StoryCorps so we managed to make
three and a half one snowman and two dog
man at the cost of one camera worth it
careful babe so it's under get a look
crazier now it's getting five o'clock at
night all I don't know if you guys can
see we have a casualty water in the lens
you look like a queen right now in this
bed why my son stutter not yours you get
their dirty socks I'll give you mine I
don't want your would you get oh my god
this is real life I need to stop saying
that but I feel like sometimes said
plate pictures fuck I'll hurt me it fits
me make sure its real the coke evil you
get yeah oh yeah fun I did high 52 k I
mean we saw it yesterday but you're
touchin player then is awesome anyway so
if you guys are brand new to these
videos don't forget to subscribe and I
will see you guys tomorrow oh wait
before before I go a couple days ago we
had a little voting thing about if I
should censor the audio on the other
vlogs cuz both Ali and I have potty
mouth anyway so I had a nice little a
voting poll and I basically let you guys
make the decision so i'm going to show
you guys the results
you guys decided this is not my decision
if I shouldn't Center the videos or not
okay results looks like we have ninety
one-percent 29 with 20,000 votes saying
no and not 1906 saying yes anyway don't
forget to subscribe to videos if you
guys are brand new and I will see you
guys tomorrow because tomorrow is going
to be an exciting day of skiing and
snowboarding so have a great night guys
booze bye guys I walk out to try on my
coat cold like where and this is what I
oh right I feel like I've
I don't even know
you
stolen
make your sweater devil is what I'm like
