this is our only sprig of fall that we
experienced in Florida teaching my mom
how to use your computer that's always a
fun thing late start today one thing
that is so awesome about working for a
moment is that you're working from home
but then the day flies by and you don't
even realize it cause most the time
you're like answering emails and you're
kind of on conference calls or you're
you're doing so much from your computer
and from your phone and I guess that
would be the same thing that if you were
at work but you're like around more
people work you know and now that we're
not around people were just around each
other we get so caught up in this like
work bubble at home and realize holy
crap 90% of our day is gone what are we
gonna do now a long time ago when I got
Charles's bike we wanted to do something
where we could bring the dogs along the
unfortunate thing is Zoey has very very
bad hips actually we looked at as a
little contraption for Zoey to help her
walk but she wouldn't be able to go the
distance that we typically go on our
bikes um
and we don't want to hold the dogs back
from being able to experience that so
we're gonna try and find this little
thing that goes on the back of the bike
and the dogs can sit in kind of like
like I think they have it for their
toddlers and infants there's a trailer
for a bike yeah it's a dog trailer so
we're gonna go in to see if we can find
that and so far we are now over over
three trying to find this thing all I
want to do is just take the dogs on a
bike you can't do it so frustrating you
think there's something like this would
be like everywhere abundant everywhere
but apparently it's not very abundant oh
I got my bike but I think was like four
or five hundred dollars for the same
thing that was for kids yeah so we're
trying to find one specifically for dogs
that way we can take them on trips
that's kind of cool that they just have
that hanging out and look what we found
they're gonna fit Zoey tomorrow
but it's kind of cool because basically
they can put their head out and it's got
a strap on the inside that kind of like
hooks are in so it's like a seat belt
initially oh well it's a seat belt
essentially so it's pretty cool back of
the bike shop yeah those are the ones
that were kind of cool I remember
looking at that so we found a couple of
them one of which I want to show you
guys and I don't know if the girls gonna
handle it this one right here I feel
like they could but at the same time in
the back put it in the front
mm-hmm see you surprised it she probably
would actually that's some serious
balancing act for me it's got an evil
flamingo and everything that is the
coolest house I think we've seen I think
going through the house do you see it
the eye yeah the eye is crazy that's
amazing that's amazing goal is don't
break the bike and get this thing
attached
see
yeah I'm sure is
there he goes it's going up so fast
by chard
all right it's gonna be tested
Marley's crushing it right now
enjoying that
so turns out testing the new little like
dog carrier that we have for the for the
bikes and so far Marley likes it she was
a little skeptical but she seems to like
it now we're testing on Zoey
Deena might not have used that honestly
I don't think she's gonna have to use it
but I think we're gonna test that all
the Ducks to see if they even like it a
little small we thought it was gonna be
able to fit at least two of them it's
probably not going to be able to fit two
of them but Zoey is the true test if
Zoey likes it then we knowing we made
the right decision
like I said today is all about the dog
so I am actually making some peanut
butter pumpkin dog treats right now very
excited Charles wanted to do this the
other day and you should buy like this
little like gingerbread little cookie
sheet so I'm gonna make are you excited
do you know that you have treats on the
way are you ready for some treats
all right so one thing is very apparent
a they both can fit and be actually you
like it are they both back there
did we lose a dog yet it's actually kind
of fun keep feeding all these rows
compliments like oh that's a way to ride
every generic things you possibly think
of people are saying that but it's funny
to you
now Diesel's next
so this is not the cutest thing you've
ever seen in your entire life I don't
know what cute things you're looking at
that should keep stuff I mean that's
that's just adorable
it just makes me feel better because I
know is Olli as hipster so bad I don't I
don't want him to get worse and I always
feel bad that all the dogs can't farm on
flight drives capacity so spoil them and
honestly better exercise for me to have
to lug around two and a half feet flour
2 eggs 1/2 a cup of canned pumpkin make
sure it's hundred percent pumpkin some
cans contain sugar another ingredients
let's see
buzz percent pumpkin here we go
we got one more stir test this thing
with he's freaking loving I think it
what it is is I think they are all
associating it with me so I have to pay
attention I think they're all
associating it with the golf cart so
every time I their moving they know not
to like jump out or doing stupid this is
this is honestly the cutest this is
going down Friday to one of the cutest
videos now we got to put reek in there
cuz it closes up we could put her like a
train version up for these four things
okay so then the next thing we need is
two tablespoons of peanut butter
a little empty but never every light
here you can have puppy cookie
girls are gonna like those and they go
you have no idea that made me so freakin
happy it's such a simple thing but it
just it made me happen because all the
puppies their hips are all getting a
little bit worse they're all old ladies
and dudes we always wanted to think bike
rides and go long distances like maybe
go to the park or something like that
well necessarily having to get in a car
but there's no way they can walk that
and toing Zoe and her wagon would still
be walking it so I don't remember who
suggested it but I know one of you guys
suggested looking into this I honestly
didn't know they existed for dogs I knew
they existed for kids whoever it was in
the comments I know you know who you are
thank you so much Allie I really
appreciate this we're gonna go get one
more for diesel because Zoe Marlee
obviously you saw could both fit in one
but you guys all did good and you make
little cookie bites or whatever so
didn't get something to do inside of the
COBE and some duh Finley and our
neighbors get some cookies or neighbors
it's like we brought you cookies don't
eat them just give him the dude I like
today because it was like it was a
low-key day and but we got to spend some
quality time and do some cool things I
think honestly cool things just around
the house and I feel like you know I
know I say this a lot but I mean that
honestly is what daily vlogs are about
they're not necessarily going out and
doing crazy things because you know we
do a lot of insane things
Time Square Cyril studio but some days
it's nice to just find a little like
what is it like a bike cart yeah I like
it too oh my god
Oh No scary and worth it into the White
House can you remember like where this
was from specifically so it's kind of
nice to just show you guys what we do on
a normal day a normal month isn't Monday
a normal Monday and I love it like
usually the first beginning of Mondays
are like emails phone calls emails don't
come and then late start to like 3
o'clock in the afternoon this is what
Ali was making little gingerbreads not
too bad and then we got doggie balls I
think Christmas trees is that for the
neighbors those are not for people no
neighbor dogs no look at Marley that's
like doggy crack right there oh so good
and you know that's like 10 times
cheaper than buying doctors girly and
all it is is pumpkin and peanut butter
right power to a cinnamon and a little
salt there you guys go
