and what is going on in here you look
guilty I'm just gonna name all three of
them out of that hair you feeling what
happened you tell me nope hello Internet
so last night around 5:00 in the morning
had another seizure apparently
superwoman over here managed to pull me
over and I vomited oh I got all of you
yeah
last night I don't know if you guys
noticed that Zooey and Marley were kind
of like freaking out a little bit or
Zoey was kind of even weird around me
I'm literally gonna nickname Zooey out
of it from now I think she knew was
going on Shh another one of those
seizures I know I always joke around
these things but the truth of the matter
is these things start to freak me out a
little bit because like you wake up and
you're like I don't know if anyone's
ever had a seizure in the internet
internet watching these videos but like
you wake up you're panting you're just
like like I'm not even kidding that's
why I sound like is that exactly what
they're like yeah because when you have
a seizure
you've not breathing obviously your body
is seizing I know I always joke around I
think you don't like season the day and
stuff like that truth of the matters
these things are freaking fucking scary
I thought I was doing really good but I
think because the chemo is now back it's
going to unfortunately happen more often
I'm hoping that's not gonna be the case
I just got off of chemo what Friday who
let the dogs out Ali Ali I know I joke
around all the time I just want to be
kind of real right now is that these
things scare the shit out of me and I
really I really you know the only thing
I know how to do is just like kind of
vent and stuff like that and just I kind
of explained what they're like last time
one of these things where it's like you
wake up and you you know kind of happen
well you don't know why it happened it's
just kind of like my way I tell my
parents
it's terrible I'm sorry mom and dad
everyone's having a little party
as you can see diesel is contributing to
birds nests all over the world
what's filling diesel are you gonna show
him what to do Zoe a divan check it out
diesel he's never seen a pool go swimmin
bud I'm not gonna protect you buddy got
another guard dog who's that well who's
that diesel what are you doing don't
think I did Oh everyone's that
completely is not paying attention to
Marley she sneaks on the bed smart girl
you got this you got this but I have an
idea I slipped
51 - good job - my 345 95 thanks why
thanks Mike
mostly woman that give both orange
juices it was see if we can taste the
difference okay I'll tell you which one
is which okay you have strong enough to
need a plunger palette are you good no
I'm good okay here's the second one
that's a good one yep it's a difference
it tastes just like a friggin orange
right that's weird it's definitely more
tart it's not concentrate that's
actually a hundred percent orange juice
tart though yeah tell see what time is
it it's cool dude time what time is it
it's cool dude time chart unfortunately
had a seizure last night but he's doing
really good he handles it like a champ
and he's just resting right now I
actually had to come bring diesel back
because Lola and Max are missing him so
terribly much okay cuz I was feeling
like crap because you know every single
time like you guys know this after
seizure I'm extremely tired and weak and
everything I woke up and Murrell good
Zoey was for the last two or three days
look at this
I like to think it's because I was
sitting right here thus far sleeping I
like to think she was just being very
protective but I'm sure was just because
she wanted to be on the couch yeah SWAT
those things away Kaelin just make sure
I'm okay no do you need to take a shower
if you if you stop stinking so much you
did that city hey Kate
it's behind the trees but I swear it's
there Wizards there I can get garnet and
they disappear every time we're trying
to film these little assholes so I don't
have the heart to get off Marley come
over here
I honestly I know sounds stupid I
honestly feel that she knows that was
like kind of upset today or I had
something wrong or still it naturally I
don't have the heart to Tory get off
because I feel like she did it with good
intentions now look who's here
that was a giant party all protecting me
so unfortunately as much as I want to I
haven't been able to really do anything
crazy today on days like these you guys
know our past experiences it just
totally as much as I really want to go
out and do something right now I get up
and I just get so tired and I just want
to take a nap and rest that's pretty
much what my day is consisted of I mean
I'll be completely honest they coming
back to where I was talking about this
morning I always try to find the humor
and things you know I always make jokes
about the whole thing like you know like
shake things up you know carpe diem and
all that stuff but the truth of the
matter is I feel like like humor is my
mask for when something serious happens
I feel like I always try to find the
joke in it it's my coping mechanism as
much as I make jokes got to be honest
with you guys
these things suck and they scare the
shit out of me every single time because
I wake up I don't know what really
happened all I'm doing is gasping for
breath you don't mean and as much as I
want to go on and do something really
crazy right now I know my body is
telling me to just basically kind of not
do it and I mean you guys know me I've
been doing this so long you guys know
I'm a very stubborn person I don't like
to not do something when I want to do it
that makes any sense so for me to have
to sit here and not go do something fun
these are just kind of the days I need
you guys more than anything you know I
need you guys to make me laugh
to give me the support I always feel
like what I you say that I always feels
very selfish that's kind of why don't
say that a lot it just makes me feel
like I'm being selfish I really hope you
guys know that's not how what's to come
across crazy enough I do like these days
because it gives me a time to just talk
with you guys I don't know about nothing
I just want to have these conversations
like I used to have with you guys a
living
or and I hate the fact that they always
have to happen on days like this I
always want to make sure that you guys
are fully entertained is this something
scared of and wanting to talk about for
a long time a lot of bloggers this
happens too and it's just like a natural
thing it just happens a lot of people
vlogging for so long
you start off blogging your life but
eventually it becomes a situation to
where you're living your life the vlog
meaning you're doing crazy things that
you normally wouldn't do for the sake of
a vlog not to say I wouldn't necessarily
do all the crazy things that I do
because you guys know me I would do all
those things
15 times over but one thing I really
want to make sure and focus on I want to
start just filming my life going back to
that four year six new years still
January I want to just film my life and
I feel like that's what the CTFxC is all
about connecting on a level I didn't
know how to talk about it how to phrase
it but I just figured box just say it I
think that makes a lot of sense the way
I said it but I don't know and I hope
that makes sense to you guys if not I'm
sure somebody can explain in the
comments better than I can I want to all
reconnect on this level to where CTFxC
is about living your life and filming it
not doing crazy things and filming it
just because you're filming it I feel
that's like where people lose touch in
the vlogs and I'll be completely honest
there have been points to where I know
I've lost touch because of that fact I
think why I say that is because the last
couple years in my life there's been
some amazing moments but there's also
been some crazy stressful scary-ass
moments I always wanted these vlogs to
be as a way for people to have scary
moments to be able to watch these and
laugh and just have fun and I think
because I got scared because of all
these things were happening to me and I
think what I'm learning over time is
that it doesn't matter about the crazy
things in the videos it just matters
that the videos are here communicating
with each other and we're having this
whole support system well
see I can't be serious I try to be
serious and then something triggers in
my brain says Charles do something
stupid my new year's resolution is I
want to go back to filming my life
because I feel like that's how this has
started and that's how all these amazing
opportunities me meeting all you amazing
people AG VidCon and playlist all that
stuff joining the band and meeting guys
on tour all these amazing opportunities
happened because I was just filming my
life and not to say that I'm not gonna
do stupid things anymore I'm people
always ask me if I'm ever gonna stop
blogging and the answer is no like
that's honestly truth I do so many
stupid things in the house around with
friends that I would always want a film
you only mean like whether or not it
went online I would try still have a
camera on me as long as it doesn't
become like a stressful situation I
think that's what's happening with a lot
of vloggers is that it becomes very
stressful a very stressful situation
where it loses its fun and I want to
make sure this stays fun always for
years to come
this has been one of the coolest ausmus
amazing things that I've ever
accidentally started doing it's so funny
I wanted to talk about a and I ended up
at Y & Z I don't know how that always
ends up happening I like it I like just
talking with you guys it's cool because
I get to go back and read the comments I
want that I will never disable comments
I'll just I'm never gonna do that it was
originally talking about oh fuck it it
doesn't matter I just wanted to say that
that that kind of whatever will all that
stuff that I said is what I wanted to
say sure there was a point in - I've
made some sense in there somewhere and I
hope hopefully in my brain it's a little
scrambled today I'm not gonna lie my
brain is a little scrambled today it's
definitely days like this that really
make it apparent how precious life is
and how important people are in your
life I hate the fact that I always have
these conversations when something
trapped like a tragedy like I want to go
back to having conversations with you
guys that's my new year's resolution I
want to keep doing that and if I stop
doing that if I'm stopping yell at me in
the comments hey I want to make sure we
stay connected as a family and be one -
I don't have an a.1 -
okay so can family to see a brains Bush
right now one connected as a family - I
want to make sure these vlogs are
entertaining and fun okay I'm gonna shut
the fuck up I talked away too long I
have to edit this now
good job Jose you guys had to listen to
this as imagine me I had two editors I
do listen to my stupid head talk they
help me they're taking care of me
they're my doctors doctor you're such a
pushover
Zoey no you know what you've done say no
to this face
Zoey are you supposed to be on this
couch
Marly she's better are you supposed to
know will allow it because you were
actually good for two days I guess we're
both suckers we're both suckers aren't
we do who bun perfect watching we're
barely do her hoop on anymore but now I
got these like little I'm just kidding
sign I hate that all the lovely baby
you might have your own tumblr this
goofy faces Dookie alligators anything
you want to say to the camera
Oh God let's watch the movie well guys I
am feeling a little bit better it's been
nice having Ali home and Zooey Marley
snuggling up as you can see they just
don't give they give zero shits right
now they don't care anymore anyway I
hope you guys enjoyed today's video it
was really nice to just sit down have a
conversation with you guys I feel better
thank you so much for the love and
support and I will see you guys tomorrow
as boodles bye yes
char
and he did break numbers one-on-one
like dr. Jekyll mr. Hyde is it really
that bad one time
but bigger little
