char now this is a damn good-looking
juice we got some cucumbers we've got
some spinach we got some kale got some
strawberries blueberries carrots we got
it all plus ones another carrot in there
- carrots are my favorite thing to juice
the carrots are just the most satisfying
here's the you internet-only
it's the most disgusting looking thing
in the world so good well off to go give
blood now just given my blood back to
the vampires as I like to call it
literally the girl in there at the time
was the best I've ever had in all the
years I've had my blood drawn what are
you doing did I scare you I'm sorry I
scared you look look I have a boo-boo
don't cry
I mean to make you cry can dogs cry guys
well then what do you got that wasn't
nice pick that up
what are you doing what are you doing
get pick it up here phone get is my
favorite thing was oh he does this what
okay
get it don't drop it okay now you guys
are best friends
alright guys are you gonna be the first
one on today please don't be the first
okay please be good be good girl okay
alright Internet you watching for me
look we got a got a sofa here the time
at this place I just feel like I need to
everything here thankfully do we need a
key to get printer cartridges
that's almost creepy see it lady behind
me there's composted her she has no idea
yes what's going these No let's get one
of these
don't even have any words I want to see
you get out of it get out of there
without work
this is real life nobody even knows
what's going on you want to get out of
there I can imagine can't take him
anywhere
I think that was the most comfortable
I've been in years
did you get it broken Kurt wait hi give
a pop tire that ma'am ma'am help it's
nut Ella here yeah
pick it up
Hey the hell are these things like fake
watermelons
but she's grumpy cat we had a trial
toothbrush Holly come here go brush your
teeth
quick what's that all right go
mr. bunny rabbit there you go there you
go
wanna try one took no don't like it I
don't like those four watch these he
doesn't like peanut butter is the only
dog in the world doesn't like peanut
butter
he likes apples and yogurt my name is
Devo I only like apples and yogurt so
once again
this diesel sorry so used to the girls
and Miss Marley got on the couch and you
get the secret peanut butter again she
didn't get on the couch one time again
you're a kicking ass Zoe meanie Monday
maybe Tuesday that's what we're gonna do
Nene Tuesday healthy panini Tuesday
would you do it
Zoe's not el bloque cuddling right now
with boys so you don't need to do just
fart just fart right now he'll never do
it again
we're the three best friends that
anybody could have were the three best
friends that anybody could have were the
three best friends that anybody could
have yeah did you like that song as
risky so a long time ago we showed this
the thing was the bounce I'm in the
bounce house video friends of ours
actually made this app called her the da
articulator it just kind of messes with
you like don't really know how to
explain what it does she's always like
no more cleaning the work hard has those
dirty feet toyboat toyboat toyboat
toyboat toyboat toyboat toyboat toyboat
toyboat tell you what tell you what put
yellow leather red yellow leather the
other that red Johnny's never like
yellow leather red leather yellow water
you red yellow red leather yellow yellow
red blood blue blood red blood blue
blood red blue blue black red bloods we
play purple people-people purple paper
people purple paper people purple paper
people purple purple book damn it red
blood blue blood blood red blood blood
red blue boy boy toy boy toy boat toy
boat toy boat toy boat table toy Purple
People people poor people people people
purple paper people purple people people
were prepared for people purple red blue
blue blue blue blue blood blue black red
white blue blue red red blue blue
but getting closer and closer Zoe and
she's gone
what the hell you're laying on Marley
alright so I'm going to make a creek
without it this is your first place
right yeah really
yes your first camp you gonna be one add
me okay we can do this well or Chad yep
what's up that Oh a little blueberries
our berry blue we have no idea what
we're doing there we go
kind of get an idea oh I'm a creep then
we got some powdered sugar we're
learning
live and learn guys which ones are the
first ones I guess yeah
first one first one I don't know for
doing this right experimentation what
happened ah those are garbage no Bon
Appetit we are not wasteful people you
get an extra crispy or nothing at all
oops
cover with confectionery sugar and guys
this is cooking which are all Denali
what I'm gonna do is I'm taking all my
gunk out all the good stuff and I'm
gonna just get rid of this crepe and
make a new one char you know this is
actually pretty tasty
and you didn't break down rule number
one yeah like those like glistening
eyelashes you're like dr. Jekyll and mr.
Hyde
is it really that bad once I wait
Thursday
but babe
drop it come but when liquor lit liquor
yeah yeah you lit liquor yeah no I'm
trying to make a freakin crepe actually
really don't blow this all over then I'm
sorry again all over the kitchen
oh now you're sorry what does that look
great yeah that stinks
who started this all I wanted to do was
make and you made of that I families
don't move no more no more let it be no
no you started it you started it all
right guys well it's time to go to bed
I'm still smelling freaking whipped
cream everywhere right now my nose hope
you guys enjoyed today's video I hope
you didn't scare the crap out of you
uh-uh
like that I can't take credit for that
let's eat if exterior told me to say
that actually don't forget to subscribe
you guys rand-new and have a great night
I'll see you guys tomorrow
don't float or anything
literary activity
that other guy does it trickled in there
he used on the court
dr. north up going in now while you're
right you're right you're right you're
right
go away I don't know
whoa goodness gracious that's a little
wet a totally gross
