good morning internet try to play
musical couches new couch AXA billion
yeah so right now we are just hanging
out at the house I'm out in my mom's
backyard with the dogs kind of relaxing
I had to run a few errands this morning
and actually do a lot of work this
morning I'd like to say the Charleston
sleeping but I've been proven wrong so
many times that i'm sure i'm correct but
i think we're gonna go ahead and get
some things done today kind of boring i
know i wish my life is a little bit more
exciting but this is real life excuse me
sir what what do you think you're doing
can you say hi internet I feel like it's
been puppy cam a lot lately but I just
can't help that they're so darn cute so
I had to wait till he got home because I
didn't want to leave the door completely
you know a lot because I would take a
walk off anyway I had a locksmith come
morning and apparently I was doing
everything right except the thing was
completely broken the the tumblr or
cylinder what everyone called so chalk
went up to heaven my man card back so
it's got exchange and get it again is
everyone being nice and friendly are you
guys best friends yet it's like Zoey's
just watching the two little kids sake
don't worry I'll keep an eye on them I
promise in 30 minutes so we got mm-hmm
watch 30 minutes will you stink like
this it was really good you can it's
really really good at two sandwiches I
noticed those I'm sorry I laughter look
at that five minutes later BAM
well it at me doing our ailing i screen
my desk right now I will not stop
staring at you you stop staring at me
first she's gonna lose yeah well no you
stop it I win you looked away I 19 sin
when 1230 ok show me those muscles I
can't find you at all your blended in
totally blend it in all right we gotta
go we can't keep watching gossip girl
all day I don't want let's go you have a
problem who's that what did they do cuz
on the damn TV one two three alright
guys tues wheels longer hey hazel hey
get inside everyone get inside everyone
get inside hey hey hey
so is the only one that's like well I
will just shut up our little Toni
Braxton I feel like they sound like
they're like gasping for air I really
looks like a bunch of ants crawling up a
hill put up girls and get some flowers
that's kind of creepy you literally hear
a lion tell you something Oh thing get
you some weed okay so weeds hey I'm such
a ladies man
you knew oakna gosh don't problems there
he'll do it you're gonna do it there
he's not even coming out anymore he's
like Marley kind of like this you
awesome music squirt still got your
flowers hey there we go oh we might
start a trend triple hands photoshopped
I don't know if you guys can see martyrs
already asleep trashy now could we go
play miniature golf please yes we can no
no you said born yeah a little
protection over here down doing what you
guys are best friends now you're gonna
lose oh you're just going from you all
right this is how we do it you going by
I go under wanna be the pelicans party
you go down in I go up no I'm gonna do
what I was actually really you do do
watch this quiz that you do a deaf
person hey can you take the elevator up
know what the elevator escalator oh
that's the okay you ready to go down I
got everything I need you need to bring
your A game cuz you're going down guys
in the comments ally or me mini golf
champions you're down I'm gonna be the
green ball
hi no after day bear prints of
practicing
the
okay Charles is up remember to take that
everyone who ever you think it's going
to win tonight make sure you take that I
think I'm gonna win she's getting better
at the keg finger on the mic guys I
promise stop it
I was good
are you kidding me are you kidding
okay i had the film that because Ali
faking the water back of the car she's
like please don't cheat so I filled it
to make sure Hollywood's
you silly rabbit
good at catching it though put your hand
Robin hey guys he'll miss Rogers again
it was high
the second I turn the camera off I don't
gloat or anything that was the ad so
literally a turn the camera off just
because vado resign and it just trickled
in there I just got a hold in with I
just got a home in one to use on the
fourth but that's your fourth that's
going in now while you're right you're
right you're right you're right i really
do here I'm in like public all places
there's so much I don't know look at
this day I know whoa that was kind of
close oh goodness gracious that's a
little wet a photograph
she's doing everything but playing hook
to get to
are you kidding me
Gloria Stefan you and this bullshit
you've got this baby for her one arm
maybe if you dance a little
three minutes it's a good for the water
one what's the score 45 to 50 CEO I had
two holes my god it's a massive here
babe i know i'd say so if you guys said
ali was gonna win it was more than Ali
destroyed me look at this she got to
hole in ones even though I lost she took
me out for dinner I felt bad for the guy
now time to check the footage Oh girls
the first one here but somehow Marley
found a carrot I have no idea how she
found the carrot was there a carrot on
the counter
so not one time Zoe get on the couch so
we just gave her some sneaky peanut
butter that's what you get you on the
other hand or the first one up there
where's diesel count diesel you did to
you actually got on the table I don't
think I didn't see that oh by the way
guys I lost my camera I had no idea
where I put it oh please get further
away that's why I'm filming our
knowledge right now oh never mind for
here well internet is time to go to bed
it's time to hang out a nice comfy
couches that just arrived today the dogs
are being good filing this Ali made Zoe
nice little pet cuz diesel is borrowing
Zoe's bed and then Marley over here is
passed out too oh by the way just a
quick little like announcement I just
talked dftba and i found out there is
literally ten of these shirts the water
awful quadcopters in each color left
only ten only ten my head I don't know I
I was kind of keeping my camera like
this way that way they couldn't see the
hair that's what that's what everyone
else that's what Ali seen anyway just
want to let you guys know go to CTFxC
Merce calm and you can pick these up
literally there's only 10 left so if you
guys there's like purple red and black I
think just go to the website you can see
what's left anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video and Ally kicking
my ass in mini golf you did hope you
guys enjoyed today's video have a great
night and I will see you guys tomorrow
always toodles bye guys
is it he's got the girliest one
so you have to keep it looks terrified
pacific
internet give it to me right watch a
door what if the door lock the door knob
the deadbolt it's hard to put on your
handle chatter yo my man kind the
