something like this would definitely
happen to me so now you have my glasses
on because it's sunny out I have the bug
to shield me from getting pellets into
my eye I don't think you guys can tell
but it is disgusting and gloomy out one
day it's beautiful one day it's colder
than one day it's disgustingly raining
so on day four going on day five of the
chemo and that is pissing me off because
making me sleep so long right now and so
I completely missed the awesome part of
the day hey Riley Judy hang outside
quickly investigate what did she bring
home you bought a food stand I like
watching them investigate you bright dog
treats
no she found the watermelon now I think
I found the watermelon so since today it
looks pretty much like this we figured
we utilize this time to clean this giant
mess caused by you and you look at the
camera you caused this mess your toys
are everywhere so today we're gonna go
look for new couches because these
little a-holes do this all the time when
the new couches come that happened game
over dude what's Happ what happened is
because I'm cleaning Zoe's always couch
right now so Zoe doesn't have a couch so
poor Zoe has to go over here and Marley
has her couch so I feel partly
responsible right now sorry all right so
I've made some wheatgrass lemon and
orange shots
does it look like me ma'am do you get
the Ninja Turtle yeah
actually this needs to come up more lacy
put it next to your face again it's
pretty close see if it's any good
which one is this one that's Donatello
Donatello he's the one with the stick I
like it I beat you
whoo I like that this is the worst day
to bring out my new chucks that alley
got me deliver freak you out with shoes
are like so white that's why I'm
actually glad I'm wearing them right now
baby they'll get a little dirty like
Chuck Taylors when they're brand new
like this I hate him I have to like I
literally walk with my I scuff my feet
on purpose help this weird thing like
right there well somebody will somebody
come and jump on my back and do a ninja
kick Oh work I don't know does this work
when a country this isn't maybe shut up
virtual keyboard this is bad
furniture people or just oh it's the
baddest car settlement so I'm just
trying to avoid him Pigalle got tight
Halligan tagged feet doesn't matter if
you guys are running for bears as long
as you're at the faster one you're okay
this seems cool no why everyone I'm just
breaking things
Hey look it's got a light weight why
don't we get this is it yeah oh this is
super nice we'd have to get him what
color black though that's right there
the black I like it it's really like
modern - wheatgrass
you like it it's effectively drizzle the
other way no no still want that chair no
that one comfortable I can do it too
comfortable what's nice is your legs but
there's three pieces here's one two
three how a piece how do we do this
every single time anyway I got a phone
call from these lovely people and they
said my camera is fixed or junked out I
should say unfixable so I'm going here
so get a new camera so I can give this
one back a little kicked out fairies
says they couldn't do it but why are the
Apple stickers on the back of every one
of these computers I'm confused I
seriously feel like we're in the dark
we're sitting here in the technology
waiting room you know chilling hanging
out by the way those were all face
tickers I asked the guy he's like yeah
we just put him on the mess with people
so charges like the happiest man alive
because we had to take back our camera
because he broke it and usually we have
to order it online but thankfully Best
Buy has it right
char how does it feel to be giving me a
brand new camera I'm keeping this one
absolutely not
you already dropped mine just because
I'm not stop telling me what we should
do when I'm filming with your camera
he's really upset because I actually get
a new camera we just dropped mine and
his and broken his and I'm a feeling
when it's about to break soon so the
right thing to do is gift me the new
camera yes here's the deal
I dropped my camera I broke it it went
up for a repair and got junked out Ally
let me use her as a replacement I
dropped her camera so you drop my camera
so the only fair thing to do is give her
the new one
got in there we had a little photo
Bonner video bomber I need to find an
external hard drive they need to look
cooler cooler much cooler what's cool
that's what
ready
that way she's a cool yeah you enjoy not
joy enjoy the couch for the last few
days
come Monday Wednesdays are coming Jesus
coming tomorrow
I know I know say I'm not stupid
you're a kangaroo so I know there's been
a lot of talk in the Twittersphere
and in the comments and I just want to
want to let you guys know yes the rumors
are true they are true all those rumors
you were hearing are true if the CTFxC
gets 2 million subscribers by the end of
2015 I will be getting a tattoo on my
rear end my body will not this is
actually a suggestion by CTFxC r and
yesterday's question answer video if you
guys didn't watch it go watch it I think
it's a fun idea I'll do it I will gladly
do it I actually can't wait for it I
feel that bird a mess but I can't wait
for when I reach 100,000 subscribers on
that channel I was shot with paintballs
a paintball gun and actually the news
came it was actually kind of a fun thing
I have a big target on me all that fun
stuff so I figured for 2 million gotta
up the ante you know what I mean tattoo
on my butt I'm gonna get a unicorn on my
butt
2 million by the end of this year
tomorrow I'm gonna call Dimas and break
actually I should calm now all Dimas
let's break the news to him let's hope
he's not tattooing someone right now
yeah you might think that doing someone
right now hey Dimas is Charles so here's
the deal buddy
I'm challenging the internet for two
million subscribers if we reach it by
the end of the year I will be getting a
unicorn on my butt and I just they told
me I should tell you that get you kind
of in the loop so hopefully you're down
with it bud yeah so give me a call back
whenever you get this but if I get two
minutes subscribers by the end of year
if you're down with it you might be
tattooing a unicorn
we'll make it awesome though we'll make
it a cool will unicorn on my butt
probably the most random email voicemail
he's probably got in a while but hope
all's well dude and CTFxC hat says hi
and I'll see you soon did talk to you
later
Zoe the rumors are true I know this is
probably one of the dumbest things I've
done but you know it's one of those
things there's a lot of dumb things I
was thinking about I know a lot of
people are probably thinking this is
really stupid eh yes I know it's stupid
but be you know a tattoo is all about
the story okay and no not to say that
people are gonna be seeing my ass but if
people do see my ass and they see a
giant unicorn or a unicorn on my butt
two reasons they saw my butt so there's
a story there and two there's a unicorn
on my butt and I feel like this is a fun
thing we can all get behind and fun
little challenge a fun little goal for
2015 I think we can do it check it out
guys stir fry and a little bit of burned
garlic bread that was my job that was my
only job I mean I made you made that
and char made garlic bread usually I'm a
pretty good guy Internet you know I'm
pretty damn good cook you've seen some
of the stuff I made like a new thing
like extra crispy everything exactly
this is just s extra cookie cookie this
isn't it extra crispy garlic bread fried
quite good it's a new style hey it's
only messed up a few minutes messed up
ah and I refuse to admit that's messed
up
never hit the beat hey sup brother hey
you down picture my butt's clean for you
bud yeah somebody suggested in the
comments the other day and I was like
why not if we can do it
you like this pillow you like it you
like it nice and clean Oh guys this is
real life dog hair and muffin crumbs my
life is terrible right now it's real
life shut up
Wow I you know it's like I can't help a
lot but I'm like hmm it's very unique
Marley you're such a pretty pretty
little girl you know that I love you my
life you put up with a lot of shit with
me when we got little zou over here
trying to find those crumbs
all right Internet I will see you guys
tomorrow as always here's to day five I
think tomorrow we're actually gonna go
ride some roller coasters and I'm making
Ali bring the GoPro so even if I can't
go we're gonna get some fun footage so
let's get the two million I want to use
the corn on my butt I will see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night
now
Oh
the unit
