it's going on so show me what's going on
craziest dog in the world is diesel
she just enjoying the Sun right now you
enjoying the Sun there Rica she it's so
cold in the house you know I feel so bad
that's why we've been trying to leave
the window open or the window she'll go
and sit up on it that and so she doesn't
yank it all down cuz she's getting a
little smart
charnae were just talking about how like
can you guys remember what it's like to
see something or experience something
for the very first time and I kind of
feel like that's what Regas going
through right now because she was so
young before that maybe shouldn't really
recognize the things that were around
her to try just focus on surviving we
don't know she was abandoned or not yeah
I mean I obviously think that she was
abandoned but I think she's the run
there is like hollering
very month ago
look at that curiosity
I don't want to show you we keep getting
quotes Internet and I think it's and I
love that tree too but just like this
hottest part I know but it's one of
those things that it's like an
inevitable ending like it it has to be
taken down I think it's still alive and
I think it's still strong and alive but
see all those branches out there those
aren't actually branches those are all
this vine which I think it's kind of
like the exit isn't that kind of crazy
so like if you look right there that's
the tree
that isn't the tree that's all those
vines kind of crazy though like you I
think it makes this for you lot stronger
I mean trees fine and helps like the
vines from the upside down
winters of the little kitty Rica
it's been kind of nice we haven't had
like a lazy Sunday in a very long time
honest I can't honestly remember so it's
been kind of nice to come outside I'm
waiting for the evening so we can use
her new fire pit the dogs are just
sunning themselves so he's laying in the
shake she got too hot Diesel's looking
for her lizard he's protecting us and
Enriquez just investigating the world
for the first time so it's been kind of
a nice day and if out a dollar I'm
saying it's almost been better for our
health
more than anything not just like making
us do stuff and we're obsessed now with
the Apple watch you gotta appreciate
life because if you're go go go all the
time
cuz there's been times where I just go
go go and I've been fortunate because of
this job and we're the Kings that I've
gone all over the world what happens is
you go go go and sometimes you kind of
don't take in everything that you should
be taken in like you don't live in the
moment cuz you're always thinking like
10 steps ahead I know that's when I told
Ali when I first started dating Ali that
my life I always my brain I'm always
like 60 steps ahead of something and I
can't I have a hard time living in the
moment and it's kind of a it's kind of a
phone call it a catch-22 because if you
live in the moment you can't experience
new things but at the same time I don't
know it doesn't make sense I thought
that was gonna make sense but I kind of
lost my train of thought oh there's a
hole in her fence do you notice that now
we could spy on her neighbors that never
here
I know Rica I'm gonna spy on them you
little peeping tom everybody you want to
meet Santa this is the smallest thing in
the world
Ali and I were kind of talking with
Melissa and everyone to see about
joining like a biker gang what looked
like sickles and we're trying that we're
looking at patches right now and I found
the most perfect one right there that
would be a good one all of us I honestly
saw a biker with a giant pizza on the
back or cheeseburger or a dinosaur a
unicorn biker with the unicorn that'd be
that'd be one biker that's pretty badass
I wouldn't mess with that one because
he's he knows he's wearing a unicorn on
his back and don't want to mess with
that person we found the coil this is
like creepy collars I don't know if you
guys remember that I think I should get
that
or should we get the slimy nose in the
air the robot brush does it actually
weather station that it that's actually
that would actually be a really fun in
temperature growing crystals they need
to find one that we like for like adults
so it's a little bit more dangerous
I started cool there I should say you
know be a really funny thing is if you
got a bunch of frames of just people
like this and just put hey just put them
around your house really it'd be so
funny I just nobody would make sense I
remember my grandma went to him amongst
all of the family photos she has a ton
you'd like walking to the house and
there's photos like this ever there was
one that was like this just like
randomly in the middle I think you'll be
so funny they just have these random
people see they're not they're not so
creepy they're very pretty but you got
to find ones that are like the same
picture in all the frames that'd be kind
of funny feel so I just got her ring I
actually got mine all buffed up new
bling shiny this I was so bummed that
the first one I know I sound like such
an asshole when I say this no I was
bowing to that I loved that ring there's
very much because Charles like really
took to heart like some things that I
was saying I really wanted like this
earthy ring if we ever got my ring which
I told him I do you know great so it was
a surprise it was very very very very
much
yes when I cut to that right now
that's that was in Sydney that was on
our tour when Ali came out for in
between tour I should say diamonds were
popping out yeah that's right and
there's no way to fix it leave it to me
to find the roof the One Ring that's
awesome that has faults this one hasn't
had any issue so we're very good
remember what that one is fine no I mean
I felt so bad well mine's all shining
out to this mine gets beat up so much
paint your own stormtrooper literally
wouldn't just all be white anyway maybe
a little black on his eyes world's
easiest kid project ever obviously we
just got back in the store and I saw
this amongst the kids stuff so I decided
I was going to make a robot brush let me
show you guys before alright so here's
before just a giant mess nuts where's my
brush doesn't come with a brush yes it
comes with a brush oh yeah is that the
brush oh that's the brush okay so at the
beginning of this mess ages eight and
older okay now he's annoying me
way too long motoring
and tail huh
wait works no the triple-a batteries we
don't have those doing
rush the ZBrush to the ground
no I supposed to be up this is supposed
to be good balance alright guys that
took way too long but here we go all
right moment of truth
what happened
you need a screwdriver yeah
all right think I fixed them all right
three two one how's the googly eyes look
good that's awesome
like wall-e ready swinging hammer and
then I guess you can be yes you can try
it like this
we should put like something dirty on
hand see the exit clean
we need to come up with a name with this
guy
pretty awesome Oh robots are taking over
the world Google Google
yeah and Tesla and all that stuff we
have a robot vacuum so it's only natural
we have a robot brush a scrub brush I
know what should we call him though
what's a good name guys for calling our
little robot guy I'm pretty proud of
this guy Steve the robot girls
you don't like Steve you don't like
Steve Steve you wanna try it Rica
and I got to clean up making a little
mess in there nobody's interested in
Steve nobody likes me
before we go would you guys want to see
something funny like how much more she
blends into that thing sometimes I can't
find her because she looks exactly like
the beanbag you had your spunky oh geez
I'm gonna go to bed now come on stop
bugging me go watch The Simpsons
and she's gone
