is there a bird on our lawn is he still
here no he's way over there got off a
log you ready go there come over here so
I got some good news as you guys know
this guy's been broken this walk tour I
talked to the guys who make the Phantom
I know Zoe I talked to him and they're
going to fix the motors I think it's
this motor and this motor so that way we
can get some phantom action again this
is something I totally missed and Danny
keeps showing me his I keep getting
jealous I miss mine so I went to mail
out everything and I come back and I got
little snacks how they got me some some
basically some tough sickness juice
banana bread oh I can't deal with my
left
okay Paulie since I fly a lot I get like
these frequent flyer gifts every once in
a while is one got alia cool this is
actually a really badass little stone
and I want to show you guys is Ali's
late late Christmas early birthday we're
gonna call this covert day it's your
birth date of birth this is her birth
Miska gift this is sort of birth miss
gift right here guys it's called onyx
babies love natural stones very organic
sea pays the fly all the time guys get
free gift you're welcome babe I do send
on that plane for that many hours some
years months miles I feel like I should
just clarify this hashtag it's not an
engagement ring guys it's on a right
hand look at this right hand feel like I
needed to like put a little hashtag on
that so what are you doing old man bein
old you know collecting little boys
baseball's not giving them back he
buries them it's not a where's where's
the badunkadunk Ali just saw a big old
badonkadonk oh I'm impressed
she's she probably sits very comfortably
on a plane
merci slut I hate there's no way that's
we got them that there is no way that's
real there's no way I'm sorry I don't
know if I got it
that's not a Badou T do though a Badou
to do well pow I think a lot of people
mistook the last video the other day but
doo dee doo is a small but a badonkadonk
is a big old booty and I only made up
the word but duty do we got a play
kickass game of girl or did we like real
like I wanted to try and wrap right
there Bruce what you're gonna do when we
are gonna do you can't start with what
you're gonna do is you know exactly what
it's Tuesday night in the field all
right let's go to the dollhouse I think
they forgot to turn off the radio
mean-mugging babe just tell me to suck
you stick around and make it wet no no
hidden cameras with Ali look at that
beautiful sunset driving into the sunset
burp
the Sun glistening off your beautiful
face right now
there's the birthday boy inside of the
swing by to say hi there he is right
there
very I don't kiss you I don't kiss you I
don't kiss you stop it stop hello buddy
and missed you too
and she'll fill your surprise hash tag
right hand right hand right hand no NotI
are you okay
so Phil is making juice on his birthday
it's like stew over your face like nope
Charles do you do a funny face come here
come here come closer I think it is a
spy a Chinese see that's the mood among
always the Chinese for years so check
out this hunk and it's super deep me you
know a deep I can go howdy-doody going
on a date night my Frenchy
hello Judy what did you gonna make for
us and we're friends oh yeah so my
little sugar mama took me to give me
something stop eating so my little sugar
mama took me out on a date yeah
I guess he tries the runs barely makes
it what are you doing huh attack good
what's this
girls what's it sorry what's this what's
that mother take a tumble what'd you do
take some crack in your mouth one two
three first yesterday over the other day
I looked in the back of the graham
crackers and saw the stole dishes recipe
for basically sandwiches ice cream
sandwiches but with frozen yogurt and
graham crackers so we're gonna try to
make homemade frozen yogurt bars chopped
it up before you put it in there but I
have to say the pudding
plastic fork metal fork in a blender
while it's blending not very smart
can I do it then honey he's like a
liquid herself well let it go it's not
supposed to be super baby that's enough
you don't have to chop it up super much
that's under stupid super much we need
the directions I feel like I keep going
over this and over this with you you and
reading directions bad combination just
a healthy little snack late night snack
time with drills how do I do this how do
you do this I'll do it is that you what
do you want now pretty one man twice it
but were you the girl I'm kind of
curious as to how this internet because
it looks awfully pretty on there and I'm
not really sure it's gonna look this
pretty this is what we want probably not
gonna get that but you know what we're
trying it's gonna take us using a fork
to eat this I've got a lot of force
there you guys go
frozen yogurt berry bars I don't know
how we did it where this is the outcome
now we got to put in the freezer for at
least four hours
well guys day one of this chemo was
relatively good my stomach kind of hurt
a little bit
so hope in the next couple days of this
stupid crap
is a ok so starting night two right now
you know it's kind of crazy to think
about like documenting this thing of my
life you know so down the road in my
life one like eighty years old I can
look back about all this crazy stuff and
you don't mean and like I'll kick
everything's ass you guys ever wanted to
see what it looked like that's what it
looks like basically being disgusting
anyway gonna try to get some sleep
before the nausea kind of kicks in hope
you guys enjoyed today's video
have a great night and I will see you
guys tomorrow as always have a good
night this is very good toodles waiver
of mine
see Raheem
I've adjusted this from a dog tooth into
a peanut cheap okay
that was impressive
