I didn't sleep at all last night I had
terrible sleep I did too honestly I
think the Fourth Kind kind of freaked me
out I was afraid I was gonna get
abducted by aliens last night
but guess what I woke up at 6:30 a.m.
what did you do at 6:30 a.m. it's what
yep
well the eight o'clock air uploaded the
video you clean up your mess
you're so rude why aren't you eating
yours it's like this isn't a Big Mac mmm
look at how he made its a LOD what are
you barking at there's our little bird
back and I want to leave bird while he's
gotta go pee and she's gonna mess with
you you promised be nice to the bird
Molly do you promise yeah very rude yeah
they're so rude the other give a tumble
in that water one day so today's the day
I got a restart old chemo bullshit you
know what it makes a nice fresh juice so
that way we can start this off on a very
super healthy thing so I got some fresh
grass we just mowed it oh this was
gloomy day in a long freakin time one
day I don't you guys can hear that okay
I can hear an ice-cream man it's always
kick deers anglo do you guys ever
noticed that every ice-cream man in the
world since those the kid uses that song
Ally I literally hear the ice-cream man
outside please extra man always plays do
your ears hang low oh my god right
every single time I just heard it
outside side watching so Melissa and
Phil gave me a really good idea this
month since we're gonna be traveling a
lot in the next couple months and it was
Sundance VidCon playlist all that fun
stuff I'm going to go get a hot spot
right now so that way I can make sure I
don't have to like run around and try to
find Internet like I did at the sweet
wedding at the wedding the sugar sweet
house the sugar house so I'm going to
just go pay for a subscription for
hotspot and that way the vlogs will
always be on time when finding Wi-Fi dad
is like finding a needle in a haystack
sometimes it literally is me on my foot
it's yes it's like me on my phone going
around like trying to find a local
Starbucks or like fast-food joint or
hotel it's kind of it's it's kind of
like a the modern-day treasure hunt yeah
looking for the X but for the X on the
spot I always loved with that app it
tells you that it's gonna start raining
soon when it's already ready in pants
you're after pants I'm telling you I can
go pump the car
wait do it there there just hold the
camera really quick trust me this is
gonna be weird I just noticed it okay
what are you doing to me nothing to you
okay seriously it's stinkin firms I have
the most disgusting boyfriend ever
I wonder how do you not know that you
have underwear underwear in your short
leg okay hey let me just show this
really close like this let's take a
glimpse and let me see if you guys can
see what I see that's right how they do
this magic that's a real gross fucking
guy that was a very high pitch I think I
do the same way okay I really used one
that one it's such a gloomy freaking day
it's one of those days we just want to
like sleep all day and just listen to
the rain I feel like it's very fitting
for Monday
a gloomy mom a mom but since we're kind
of laying low no more sugar take it down
then we're coffee that's like your thing
so we thought you know since we're
laying low kind of relaxing we thought
play a little video game a video game a
little board game it's a video board
game like it's just a game on your phone
we're gonna play a game on our phone
it's basically charades and the best
part is that records so you have don't
record this game everyone's gonna know
this game unicorn yep
crap no Lobster yes paradox go yourself
San Diego Ron Burgundy selfies yeah
backstroke tripping and falling yeah
wall climbing spider-man
baby diaper changer don't mean no it's a
type of cowboy cowboy state Texas yes
digging painting shoveling snow wiring
things Oh
vacuuming giving birth
here back here ban rock out
oh she usually has two buns in her hair
like right here she's really crazy to2
written three threats as you guys can
see as I'll show you this time we're
using the dog food as a little tripod
and as you can see these two are making
sure that we aren't mistreating it rock
climbing dead dying thirsty yeah car
wheel holder wait
sexy like so many things are too good
for everyone else
alright Internet who was better in the
comments below see we're hands that's
cute
what's it I'm going to kick you in don't
I'm gonna impress you so please can i
impress you no I've adjusted this from a
dog treat to things to a peanut treat
all right watch it that was impressive
sooner to shoot so guys unfortunately
phase today I just come here earlier I
have to restart this bullshit I don't
know if I mentioned why it's basically
because there's a smidge but that like
you saw the other day there's a smidge
something's different but when I talk to
other doctors is the reason why I can be
different is scar tissue so basically
what they wanted to do is they want me
to go on chemo for just a little bit and
want to make sure to stays the same
because if it stays the same that means
it's scar start that means the scar
tissue but if there's any difference
then there's something else we need to
do there's just you know it's better
safe than sorry you know they basically
gave me the choice and if I wanted to do
it again or just kind of wait and see
and to me there's like a no-brainer even
though I do have a brain you have seen
it so this week I'm gonna need a lot of
love and a lot of support from the CTFxC
I know I'll get it so thank you guys so
much
I'm going to do this to pass out
hopefully edit before I pass out and
then I will see you guys tomorrow as
always have a great night dude and I'm
going to be slim eggs into my head this
is the first one
Oh
Oh
it was the first one and we did not
no you said
there was no that's no
