good morning little miss sunshine do not
speak for gosh sakes
welcome filly you need to eat your
cereal no we're not gonna do that this
morning I'm not gonna do that
everyone we talked about with the
counselor okay we got rules now
boundaries all right good morning guys
I'm gonna show you something that we
just learned
okay so if you ever look at the Chicago
Bulls logo
never mind that I have this in my head
what do you guys see with the Chicago
Bulls logos upside down just let's go
over this okay it looks like this right
here we have a little robot head with
this little robot arm so there's a
little robot hands in a book he's
wearing Harry Potter does look like a
sad book like he doesn't like that book
no Valli how long could you do a
marshmallow in here I made a marshmallow
cake
the Internet
right
do not be bad at home ever you know it's
fun I walk out my guns aren't here where
are they you have them are they back
there gun rack on the back right here in
the house I don't know they're
conspiring either really why'd you put
it back there we just told me she got
out yeah Ali just sent me the other way
and I know that it's a trick right here
Zoey Marley barking they always give it
away
you know what did we say about this game
what are we saying what did we say John
telling mom and dad sir now what'd you
say what have we say the face right here
right Narus and guess what you did you
hit right right there Melissa is that
you crying we managed in the face I'm at
the head yeah what's the distance the
distance it just flies up that's the
problem
char you hit your city I apologize
look she's crying it's what happens is
these are so far away and then it just
is there an excuse to violence the best
home defense system ever what that's
smirk off your face you got new jobs
that are supposed to be to home defense
barking its hey yeah Oh
podcast we are don't be such a pub well
that's a way to start the day do you
guys feel exhausted too
so we're going to some biker fest right
now so I'm dressing my biker attire
right now
got my tattoos showing so people think
I'm a biker healthiness drink that grass
you're the favorite person to watch
drink this stuff love it so good stuff
baby still doing good job trying guys
Phil's calling
I see their budget is ate too much sugar
I was going in my briefcase say and jr.
briefcase you step down Navin and then I
kept coming at our Father came up here
feet first and rabbit us one seat down
she's blaming those brakes in my see you
later you're not here
covered that I'm back yeah yeah fun
missing me nope
you know I have the door locked
that's what she said to this guy right
here he's picking his boogers and eating
it eating you literally just picked this
bugger to Adel's neither's data on
camera think we found the motorcycles
matches your jacket I actually got one
for everyone here so you don't need to
do usually do
I'm fine the most gnarly-looking
motorcycle guy that's what we're the
best it was the best with showcase oh I
want a sidecar I want Melissa to drive
the record
excuse me sir hey buddy look like an
Ewok now we are at Melissa's dad food
and we got papa trippy playing over here
all right guys it's our friend acetoxy
your neighbor on and he's just telling
us that Ozzy Osbourne was just playing
before he walked up what we did we
actually couldn't film it but he filmed
it for you guys
so everyone thank rod for us this next
clip is Ozzy Osbourne here because
abroad
that's actually weird that Ozzy Osbourne
just showed up it's like hey come on Z I
play some songs
right they'll take over Ali is about to
go on this bike that would be great
it's a beautiful bike it's gonna be so
awkward trying to get on it really dude
oh it looks beautiful you've had the Sun
set behind you
but Ali is going to love sitting on I
brought over Istanbul tickets you guys
get down come on you gotta get in the
front
let me get the front
Charlie
please turn the lens thank you yeah you
guys all squeaky clean I'm getting
dessert
getting a nice pie don't know why I
would say this speaking of which that my
sister gets 100,000 subscribers
on her Channel he gets pied in the face
and it's gonna be great and it's gonna
be the most delicious pie and it's gonna
get all over your faces and your beard
and then your nose and then your eye and
ever your hair I don't know why I even
made that public knowledge
5900 away
heavy yeah I'm going to finish editing
the video right now I made a nice little
dinner some salad got a sandwich maybe
good drink right now I just want to say
welcome to all the new CTFxC years and
coming to the video don't forget to
subscribe guys are brand new and we will
see you guys every single day as always
wait hold on al I got to do this
yesterday I'm going to do it
I have to
you're dead
I'll be shot again
yeah I think it's like forehead before
three
