good afternoon everyone and look who
just got here
where is she just show me where she is
where she is
you guys ready to get some Exile a lolly
you work the s'mores off how would you
eat two now eight one no I did have to
you have to do some more running than me
ready three two one mama no no you don't
have a mom but it's like it's a it's
just a pose probably got a runny nose
dead Evoque old ma yeah you're gonna get
diesel see there's a runny nose right
they get just as cold yeah they love
your nose
you never give a runny nose you do - I
slept super super duper long
so an ally came and surprised me woke me
up what happens is because I wake up at
8 o'clock and that schedules a video for
an upload and then I do all the
annotations and do all that stuff I take
my medication and then I get knocked out
because his medication makes me sleepy
and then I wake up and it's like a whole
new day we're gonna go get exercise
maybe we do some high kicks and karate
kicks we got some pointers a sign maybe
we can do a roundhouse kick you think we
could try it out no I said we're doing
that I'll God was probably the most
unsafe thing ever that's why we were
doing it we did it on the grass that's
why we couldn't do guys the reason why
we couldn't do roundhouse kicks is
solely because we're on gravel and
because my cell phone was in my pocket
what'd you do - ready yeah you got this
so runs don't walk tour here she comes
little brown dog to the hole just like
Oh screw this this is just a bad idea
you did it now run back so I'm gonna
race Marlee down why so Oh for god sakes
kind of looks like I'm just going flat
right now ready here he comes
I'm gonna move right out of the way run
to the side don't run to me hey God good
job honey good any where'd she go
oh there's yes yeah I don't think you
guys can see how steep this hill is
she's fast it's really freakin steep
it's release
she's fast yeah she kind of kicked your
ass this is all we got to do I know
I don't know if this will be possible
though if I go backwards Oh cobby I'm
coming
I was talking to be tired so it was so
part of that oh don't wag your tail like
you're smart two times Marley is like I
am not amused smeller but are you gonna
fall seriously there's keys right there
and then over there where is it over
there is like the wild cat rescue tigers
and bears oh my hands got you guys here
over here the lion
guys has to be over here that third is
can you guys see it's alright try right
now is on a mission trying to get closer
which is frightening very very
frightening and here she comes
come on mark where you going
mark come back here and Marley cannon is
frightened is all hell you waiting
patiently Marla's over here waiting
patiently to go in the golf cart come on
never let up can you get in
all right you know straight where to go
they get that poop off you you're
literally a brown dog right now she's
more like a more of a cream looks like
you got in a fight with a raptor
she's partying way too hard
alright guys Ryan aka Gosselin is going
to be leaving for a little bit he came
by said hi see you buddy
anybody yeah so everyone say bye to
Gosling for a little bit
bye guys what's your latest movie coming
out oh go to tells everyone feeling nice
and tired get some rest
so guys you know those little bargain
bins that you find at the store for like
5 bucks or $4 for movies I found one of
my old school favorite movies I love you
guys remember it's called little giants
it was the one it was kind of it's kind
of like a whole like Sandlot era please
tell me you guys remember this movie
please tell me guys Aurora this would
ice box and I just keep thinking about
how much I miss Rick Moranis as an actor
I never see him anymore this guy right
here here's pretty much in every awesome
movie as a kid for myself the Shrunk the
Kids movies ghostbusters this movie or
some other area Marianas movies Knight
Shop of Horrors this is that why should
i watching this this is actually very
risky because I did this once with three
ninjas I don't know if you guys remember
watching three ninjas but that was my
all-time favorite movie as a kid and I
watched it recently because it was on
Netflix and I am so disappointed myself
because now I hate the movies so cheesy
so bad that's why I feel like it's
always risky watching your favorite
movies or TV shows when you're older
like ducktales I used to love ducktales
and I was watching him once I was like
this is driving me insane they're like
the drove me I had to take it out I was
driving crazy at Norway's so I'd have to
say Little Giants Rookie of the Year
little little big league a Sandlot
obviously are probably my all-time
favorite movies as a kid before I ruined
it definitely was three ninjas I was
remember like certain phrases like nice
pop ice box or
like rocky loves Emily rocky loves Emma
I know if you've never seen these movies
you think I'm crazier in the comments
right now since I'm reliving my
childhood right now tell me in the
comments your favorite movie as a kid
alright I'm gonna strike they're a
little better watch out Lily
so remember how we've been doing the
little the meme of mom but a lot of you
guys have sent me a little photo of
Ellen and Portia did you see that we're
just gonna pretend like we started this
crazy
you saw it I think we did there we go
guys no you don't but it's funny no one
has a real mom but it's just suppose I'm
doing the mom but alright guys so make
sure to tweet Ally some photos of you
guys doing the Mon buck pose and we'll
just keep it going keep this baby going
around Ellen's doing it I'm just we have
declared that Allie doesn't have a
badunkadunk she has what up a doo dee
doo doo dee doo but duty do guys so it
was your duty dude what was the Hat
doodles like that
I did a great job to do
pretty good though
nope that's called a coin between icy
girl thank you I'm gonna round up cake
you guys know
No
that was something
oh let's play
one small itsy-bitsy thin thing I'm sure
it was getting to the point where Zoey
tomorrow
