best thing ever the best part of waking
up french toast in your mouth come on
what are you trying to dig for 25
dinosaur bones yeah and that all you
wanted want that back ego let's let me
get the ball back yeah baby that's her
baby what we go for a little walk wiggle
hang out that's a nice GD right there
you got it from someone who's you get it
from huh can you guys see where the
cameras broke great about there
cuz of me
Marley hop she did it did it come on not
worried about you did it dear did it
travel to the world of dr. Seuss really
does give us Ryan was your supers ready
don't put you on the spot because you're
super duper hot oh and it'll fall in a
pot put it with toys Oh toys like a mice
what eating some rice red fish blue fish
green eggs and ham that's right to give
me the best roundhouse kick that's your
best roundhouse that's a pretty good I
tell you that I thought I call this the
bucking horse I couldn't even get that
in the whole frame it's always concern
for you all I could do is like that
basket I think there are those kickers
were you jumping and do it it's pretty
good though that right nope that's cold
that's calling Bing I agree girls I
agree how do you guys do a roundhouse
kick do you guys know no we don't either
nobody knows oh that was something how
you doing you know what it is because I
have I want oh let's blame it on the one
small itty bitty thin thing I'm sure it
was gains the point where Zoey Marley
are pulling us up to the hill so as we
told you guys yesterday we are going to
sundance film festival and that do the
limbo that means we're going skiing in
Utah and we're going to get on downhills
bigger than this oh boy don't worry I
GoPros get ygopro for you and I go go
throw for me are you guys gonna judge
internet me rally me rally it was in a
roundhouse kick think it's like mom why
are you going to japan see i'll see you
guys later she's such a fast digger no
oh dear i love it marley what are you
digging for their girl would you do Joey
where are you ready Zoe Joanne where you
were ready come on right here you come
on let's go we'll start a fire later
maybe tonight gonna do a podcast so what
you're gonna do yeah I do I got firewood
no you can't have marshmallows Ali I
ain't gonna be
Holly and I are gonna have a little
bonfire because my mom got it man one of
those Hershey's commercials is there
like a bikini bar anyway there's the hot
like oh my life is perfect Hershey bar
who's the face yeah your son your son
John what's gonna do look at you it was
like you're like a freakin rabbit my
rabbit like a monkey I'm like a rabbit
this what rabbits do so you're not
helping Zoe what'd you do what'd you do
did you bone just knock that over get it
Zoe so the only person is his life of
music is how it all right so we don't
need this piece I prepare that we don't
I'm making my own ha no it actually goes
right here supposedly you're right all
right time to make some s'mores mommy
goes more don't you do boy over this mob
are miscible ok guys so what are the
other challenges guess what we're going
to do like a challenge every week today
this week's challenge is chubby bunny
this is the old school this is a tried
and true one it's an old-school one so
you didn't say chubby bunny so I'd say
it every time yep huggy bunny ok oh no
girl hey 10 cell phone don't choke
Oh gross this 30 day so wait what's the
word you gotta say Jonny oh girl that's
not that bad as a marshmallow like the
marshmallow a little tongue boy yes up
laughing you lose yourself what's that
number is that don't go back I'm afraid
you're gonna choke yourself mmm-hmm get
6 that's 4 still follow along so two
looks 50 no good six total on the seven
EPP oh honey don't joke please oh that's
good hahaha it's so funny like we have
all these tools ringing up a starter log
we have batches we have a lighter and
we're still having a hard time starting
a freaking fire this is probably the
stupidest place we could probably do
this guy's I know but I just got really
nervous doing it out there because the
grass has been really dead I wanted to
do by the pool just in case so I can
throw it in the pool you tell me hang
out Marv some more what
some more s'mores well guys look at the
moon it's one of those special moons
where it looks like a star you see it's
like an X an X moon I'm making my office
I can do this but just can't gonna have
to so first you know you don't want
favorite thing to do us what you get it
like all I'm flight leg fire and you
stick it to fling it to the wall it's
like a fireball that is the wrong way to
do it you like a wall crispy look at
what Ali has done to her graham cracker
ran okay can you see it like there's a
two little legs hanging up below and
then there's the arm it's a good
marshmallow man holding your graham
cracker yeah saw sera no I don't want it
try to dry it tell me it doesn't take it
up after oh my god you said dr. Cheers
best part guys is this pool we can just
keep refilling our water hey there load
me up on that morning baby
this is what I deal with I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video and don't forget
to subscribe two guys are brand new and
have a great night doodles all this you
guys have see him through thick and thin
to chemo thank you so much that I
haven't had the actual opportunity
seeker and I love you guys that Island
guys I supporting him and talking there
for him because you guys have brought
that happy girls is their happiness for
me and I just want to say thank you I
mean I might not be much to my big of
these little ridiculous but passable
must have been amazing crazy strength
sometimes rougher than I anticipated but
you know I'm so thankful for him and I
maybe school thankful for you guys it's
amazing how a life-changing moment can
just well be like
