good morning Internet so today is the
day working my tattoo who finally
touched up Dimas
getting it touched up essentially
finished tightened up that's the word
yeah so you don't want to insult the
artist so tightening up I just found out
what we need to do is this little
section and then the elbow so where do
you start I'd have to go fro don't worry
I know yesterday was kind of a exciting
day
interesting day strange day but we had
the MRI and the doctors felt it was best
to go ahead and put Charles back on
chemo just to be safe you know I mean I
think that there's nothing wrong with
that and it's better to go ahead and get
a jump start on things as an as a
precaution rather than to let it
progress into something that could be
bad not saying that it is bad but it's
better just to go ahead and get it done
now and you know start the new year off
right and let's get healthy and get
better and just make sure that we really
have a hold on everything
Charles is how you know kind of doing
his own thing today he wanted to go get
a tattoo or actually I take that back he
is finishing his tattoo which I can't
wait to see because it already looks
amazing and I think that it's gonna turn
out just absolutely wonderful after
Dimas finishes it and I got some work
done this morning and now I'm in st.
Petersburg my mom's birthday is right
around the corner so I am actually
getting her a birthday gift she's a very
lucky lady anyone that has a birthday
close to Christmas very very lucky I'm
kind of excited
2015 is gonna be really really really
fun we have a lot of really cool things
planned
tarah and I have something at the end of
the month I have a good friend's
birthday this Friday we have another
thing planned the beginning of February
which is actually playlist live I'm
gonna be going to that with Charleston
there's also another surprise there's
two other people coming with us and then
we may be doing something at I think
it's like the middle of March which is
also my birthday month taking 2015 by
the horns and just making sure that it's
one that we'll never forget something
really fun we're gonna appreciate life
which is what I think everybody needs to
do is appreciate life it was always
wondering how many colors are my few
just a couple just a couple guys I think
Deimos and I figured out movies are on
41 hours basically will be spent on this
on
I haven't said this to you guys already
I just really want to thank all these
CTFxC ears out there who have supported
Charles through all of this you guys
have seen him through thick and thin
you've seen him through surgeries you've
seen him through chemo you've seen him
through so much that I haven't had the
actual opportunity to see him through
and I love you guys for that I love you
guys for supporting him and for being
there for him because you guys have
brought that happiness to me which is
Charles and Charles is that happiness
for me and I just want to say thank you
I mean I might not mean much and you
might think of being a little ridiculous
but past couple of months have been
amazing for me crazy strange sometimes
rougher than I anticipated but you know
I'm so thankful for him and I know he's
so thankful for you guys it's amazing
how a life-changing moment can just well
be life-changing and open your eyes to
the world in a totally different way
than you ever expected it to be without
you guys this would have been the
toughest few years of his entire life I
couldn't imagine going through it by
myself and I know that with your support
in your love you have made this so much
better for him so thank you give
yourself a big pat on the back love you
guys
he's gotten so big I wish you guys could
see him say hey say hi like you would
really want to say hi say hey say hi
like if you were really really excited
to say hi
we have just met up and we're gonna have
a short little sister chat sister to
sister chat yeah and about three weeks
three weeks is her one-year wedding
anniversary
Congrats Kate you better do something
pretty special I know where you live I
like flowers and I like candy
what do you like a flowers and candies
and I'll be off my cleanse so then I can
eat anything I want I have a really
great idea
how about when you celebrate your
anniversary I come over and I get strata
cake okay that works
Tom Pauline sorry Tom when I go
celebrate your anniversary with you
Tom isn't really eating so he probably
won't okay so how I eat it off I'll take
you guys there when we celebrate
Kaitlyn's one-year anniversary and I eat
there to get Tom a cheesecake yep so we
got that my wrist got the elbow fixed up
a little bit I hope you guys can tell
the difference now so that little
section right there in my arm right
there we are going to we're going to
fill in you know what you do oh sure to
shave my armpits and we should just Pat
you are there I can overcome tense it's
a it's a new toilet shred right there
guys we first with you I felt like doing
the first pushing the envelope
definitely kind of weird for me though
being the older sister and helping my
younger sister married but
they're just so perfect together and one
thing that I've noticed though is if one
of us like I don't know
thirty years almost all of my friends
have got married most of them andand
having kids and it's so crazy because I
could just remember yesterday when I was
18 19 years old and never in a million
years did I think about what I was going
to get married and things of that sort
you know really have an idea of where I
said we my life in my life at that
current moment in time so I'm pretty
excited and pretty happy about where I'm
at
where I'm out of this for a moment
because
life is unpredictable and you never know
what's gonna happen and
I kind of like the idea of it being
full and not really planned so
it's a bittersweet moment because the
tattoo is now complete
you must kill it 41 hours later if you
guys ever want to get a tattoo make sure
to come see Dimas remember his Instagram
is vemos raised art right yeah so make
sure to go here and tell him I sent you
so I look cool okay do you guys hear
that the ground control to Major Tom
song the second I'm done being rapped
this song comes on perfect perfect
timing
all we need is Steven Hawkings to walk
through that door or roll through that
door I guess I should say it's that
messed up I'm so high do do they back I
think you're lying
you're big liar doing you are give a
rubber dose no what are you doing
smoothie dance called the penguin yes
finish this one spinach
freakin sorry there's one tons of good
news sssss other good news we're going
to Sundance to tattoo Wow pizza
you should be pizza well you should be
you should don't pizza we should be fed
fried pizza french fries pizza french
fries I am in no condition to tell you
guys how I like ski
do you guys remember that one tour think
we're in Utah when this happened how you
got your beanie ready for some
snowboarding and some skiing by the ways
for Ali's first time ever seeing snow
okay I'm actually really excited and we
remember we had the CTFxC biddies just a
coincidence
we have beauties well it's not working
so char breaks yet another camera she
didn't notice at the beginning of this
clip it was black yeah you having some
troubles there boom let's go the rest
it's all swollen cuz I can't let go
anything like that cuz it's all like
that
it's like a cankle but for your wrists I
got a risk ankle no I'd be like a
without wrinkle wrinkle
and cut a wrinkle that said I boast
corny person in the world when it comes
to a date
uh yeah I'm gonna have to second that I
will take it I will take it you are
right
I did like it it was really really nice
but corny it was really quite well I
have never really had a corny date
before so because you've never won a
date with me very true
Internet if you have no idea what I'm
talking about Ally and I talked about
our first date couple of videos ago do
this oh this is embarrassing and will
slide right back the sleeve is now
completely complete our Internet is time
to go to bed I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video and I will see you guys
tomorrow always have a great night
doodles my bus good at that
it
I found out freaking
instead
silly dude get hype words man
I
get to the look you're gonna look after
the work
I got you a single tip to roll
a creakle one exactly either that's just
a role I can remember ty what do you got
he wouldn't say
