good morning guys MRI day with all the
puppies
well you were why would you changing a
laqueer I'll and I were wearing the same
white t-shirt how'd you change oh I
don't know something about matching
couples so you put your white t-shirt
back on please she took it off huh
mom but all Dan would be calling you mom
but mom but mom but that's what you guys
got dude all your friends
every time you walk you just go mom but
then they have to do that it's gonna be
a new thing Yeah right great what's this
party one two three go
Oh Kofi oh mama Joey bring ma mama
charge so it's your mom but ready mama
plumber but so I only have no idea where
we're going we thought it was three of
course it wasn't there's definitely the
one so going back and forth
hey wasn't that what we're supposed to
be what's that we're supposed to be why
this is 100 to the other side other side
okay all done
Oh so I couldn't cook a bap which is
kind of weird if you guys have ever
wondered what an Emer is what I want you
guys to do right now is get into a
closed place a very tight place put
headphones on and close your eyes and
then just turn up the volume I'm gonna
let you guys see what it's like kind of
so let me know what you guys already
okay here you go
this was like
see I can't tell if that's hypnotic or
if that's just annoying but that's what
it's kind of like them balls about it
then you're gonna multiply that by at
least like four or five go you got to
walk out fast enough
look this a perfect perfect perfect
hallway no you do it here it's me we do
it put the hand on the hip
feel good ready yep one two three
mama mama can't do it this is hurting my
kid I remember but ya got holes in pants
again guitar he'll hold your shirt you
bought that shirt
just punched me in the nose
I did not want to kiss me and I went
down nope I do not keep mom what
happened I know nothing hey this cameras
around beside I believe this how dare
she
I want to check his to him she knows it
wasn't just me you guys though Oh char
see that photo I was gonna kill you cuz
he usually does something very bad to my
phone but I like this one but I like
finest bar scotch cookies like Werther's
Originals I love those they're yummy of
course you would grandma I want to open
it up and read it all fall apart
okay this do some brain surgery you did
it who could take something apart it's
putting it back together it's the hard
part a little its enforce where's where
was my thing at we're the frame front
right some are confused frontal that one
right there
maybe if I could just use this one I'll
just replay can't throw brains Rassi
Jiminy Cricket
this is a Disney movie just how you put
it back there yeah it poked his brain
exactly
all right hurry up yeah he's going now
put like an ease and then you put like
these right that's right here's my brain
with it
yeah thanks very vaguely my brain
receives things since like two hundred
miles
you're gonna need a lot of vitamins I
don't like either one of you right you
need to love maybe you take vitamins
you'd be left coming for my mom all
right so that's April smooches minutes
ember and now smidge that's what goes on
we're gonna call it a smidge my but
getting good at that you look like it
from out of Santa way you're good yeah
yeah I found out Ally's got freaking
tough thumbs interests @p good reflexes
it's silly moon you wouldn't hide from
me can't hide where's the man
get to the look you'll do the look that
doesn't work I got you a single tootsie
roll a crinkled one exactly I think I
took a ball I can't remember
hi what do you got you wouldn't share
Jason that's very rude so I've been
discussing if you guys have noticed her
head is shrieking a little bit or maybe
it's just that she'd be a little bit
more voluptuous but it's so funny every
time Marlee gains weight her head
shrinks nope nope Marlee you're
resilient you'll find the cookie jar
anyway huh said couldn't find Marlee for
a second of course she was under the bed
the easiest way to find it was hit the
candy R or the cookie jar
dicing my listeners instead check out
the moon scary yes sounds like a cow
alright guys so I wanted to kind of talk
about what happened at the doctor today
so what was it like two or three months
ago they took me off at chemo which is
amazing but they took me off with the
stipulation that I might have to go on
soon just kind of like pick me off and
see what goes on and they might have to
go back on to maintain things the
doctors were talking and just to make
sure nothing goes out of control
kind of crazy they want to put me back
on chemo just to make sure everything
keeps keeps in line keeps going the
progressive positive way that's going I
mean in my personal opinion it sucks
because it's been amazing not having to
take the chemo pills essentially poison
but you got to think of the other way
you know it is keeping you healthy and
stuff so it can't be stubborn about it
so I wanted to keep you guys on the loop
about everything because it's something
that I really like talking about
inventing with you guys it's helped me a
lot to this whole situation before you
freak out nothing Crazy's goin on it's
just the precautionary thing just to
make sure nothing is going on you know I
mean like if there is anything that's
going to ever go on now we can get rid
of it stop before it even happens it's
the whole thing about medicine it's
always catching something before it
becomes something you only mean so at
the doctor's Alan I had a lot of time to
read the comments on yesterday's video
because we were sitting there you know
in the office and I just want to say it
was unbelievable to read all the
positivity and all the support because
to be completely honest that video was
terrifying for Allie myself to make
because we've been wanting to make that
video for a very long time but we were
been afraid we didn't know how to do it
to do the right way but we figured you
know it's a new year it's a new
beginning we figured might as well just
do it get it over with and start a new
if you as well to be honest I'm a little
burned out right now because doctors are
just so stressful mentally and
physically I don't know how many times I
prodded to get my blood taken so I'm
gonna watch the movies just kind of
chill tomorrow actually getting my
tattoo touched up getting some more
colors added so that's gonna be fun kind
of reward for myself I guess for today
hey if you guys have not watched
yesterday's video please go watch
yesterday's videos how al and myself met
it's the most intimate video that we
made and we really really really wanted
to make this for you guys we really
appreciate all the love and the support
from the video I almost want to say that
I'm surprised but I'm definitely not
surprised because I know the CTFxC is an
amazing group of people so not surprised
I'm just happy so I'll see you guys
tomorrow as always I love you guys very
very much have a great night doodles
all right I'll feed you now hungry all
right here to see them nice absolutely
like this is this one George
and we know we're trying to play to play
with
he's only not gang of people not again
that's terrible
you're just like a group of people on
scooters that I remember was like one
set of arms
my god
oh I got game I got digging dressed like
a game played with like a really nice
oh yeah can you lost I lost but then I
kicked his butt at third
