let's go have a go where's Ellie go well
internet we are going to Tampa right now
because look at this we have all the
dogs in the car right now everyone's
getting along tomorrow I have another
MRI scan which is like the monthly MRI
scan eighties and ever fun I think it's
just that it you know I think hospitals
kind of make people more comfortable you
can be going in cheese just I even get
nervous I'll be ah see I get nervous
when I go to a dentist when I'm going
for it I usually think everyone does but
you know I'm saying I feel like it I
think that's what it is exactly
and put on your puppy sad eyes put on
those sad eyes she knows what this place
means hey everyone - yeah one - Ally's
about to cry right now so it amazing to
have X here name stars up for Ally
myself and the CTFxC so the CTFxC
literally has a star named after them I
this like it's the coolest thing ever
which one is this this is a CTFxC star
guys right there is Marley is that
Marley Oh Jack Rabbit no this is Marlene
that's like Marley after she is over as
Marley after she hangs out with my mom
for like a couple weeks whoever sent
these stars you're amazing really card
we're trying to find out who did it they
didn't actually have a name or anything
like that big old Zoey Zoey Marley it's
a Marley it's a morally I just realized
I got distracted by everything and all I
remembered to bring was my ninja turtle
pants one shirt some underwear one pair
of pants two pair of saw two pairs of
socks 25 extra pants give X or pants say
Kylie play with the toy
oh hey we're back at the apartment right
now I don't know how to do it this way
yeah gotta screw this up hey I know you
guys got a pull in no you don't know
honey hurt your juice honey honey okay I
don't know oh no baby don't let me take
you internet watch well it's very sweet
I'm like I'm like a turtle that's on
he'll be happy baby we're gonna race him
so far
you're like a beetle ally give me your
mom but close
I quit mom but pose and action go mom
but oh my god ready get your dragon
let's belet's doing something
hey CTFxC hi hi it's us
it's a o we love you
mm-hmm we do love you a lot
it's love trial what's the magic word no
you have to say pretty please with a
cherry on top you have to say you're the
most amazing girl in the whole wide
world
yes say it louder I can't hear you you
have to say it louder so remember Alan I
got my listen fill that awesome blanket
by the way it was awesome yes we would
that's not here anymore it's so big it's
so big and awesome I know that you
wanted to share the joy yes so they came
back and they got us this the very best
spice rack that's very best like berry
but it's a bear get guys hey just laugh
at this blanket that's a comfortable
blanket so we got that and they got this
we didn't get him a card Internet which
is more cheesy wait Allie gotta lift
that Blake it up first
that that's Catholics insane Oh or now
we could not going back sighs we're just
going cheese factor or the salt and
pepper shaker of a bear with old school
salt pepper look how these are like from
the 60s that was a real present I wasn't
giving as a gag
all right internet so this is one
question a lot of people been asking
about Ali nice first date and I just
wanted to kind of do a quick little
story our first date yeah we've never
told them every no basically I was a
huge gentleman
I rented a black car which was creepy no
fence well I can't drive
I don't believe me how attentive a black
car with tinted windows like the same
guy his name was Tom which by the way
hanging let's start from the beginning
no it was a town car we decided we were
going to go on our first date and I was
really nervous and I didn't want him to
know where I live so I mean him picked
me up at my grandma my grandpa Sal this
is so good here's the thing go it's like
I could be by myself and I'm pick me up
or I could have my grandpa and my
grandma and my grandma is like 5 foot
tall but she's a little intimidating
you don't wanna mess with the grandma
you don't know your mo ever met like
just don't walk up stairs and come get
me because I knew that if you walked up
stairs to come get me the Bissman
grandma my grandpa would want to walk
out yeah and I I didn't want it to be
like that fucked up the stairs I saw him
like a gentleman so you walked up the
stairs and I saw him coming to the like
window and I'm like oh my god so I like
ran to the front door my gun was like
you're not getting out in here dude
your stuff and cookies in your mouth I
was stuffing cookies in my mouth I was
like running to the front door my
grandma was like but get off me sir you
know so my kind plane ended up meeting
my grandma my grandpa picks me up in the
town car okay right yes I thought it was
grandma it was Tom Tom in a town car
yeah something I didn't even know about
Joey sick old Savannah I had like
Savannah unlike speed-dials oh yeah I
saw the girl thing yeah I had get away
yeah yeah cuz I was like okay this guy's
gonna be a creep or really weird
I needed a quick way out like she's like
I have keys in hand I mean she did dead
she was good and so here's the best part
so we get picked up
alright you know I get into the car with
him he opens the door like a gentleman
like a gentleman into the car and we're
driving he's like the driver goes oh no
I forgot my cell phone so we went to the
drivers house I thought we were doing a
pickup for the driver here's the crazy
parties had twin girls one of them is
out front to hand him to felt like
cellphone do you remember this yeah and
she was like standing at the front of
the car she looked pissed off yes she's
like you're just like twin twin girls
yeah
yeah rekkles and here's the nice guy
Duncan Mario's really nice guy wait how
did he pick you up without a cell phone
how did you get ahold of him I just good
question but he didn't have a cell phone
yeah that's a question that should be
answered but I can't give you a little
tour right regardless this was the days
before ooh BRR yes the days way before
uber yeah so we did a pickup for the
driver yeah we went to that's the best
place to go yeah most wait where you
want to go somewhere romantic
go to the beach you know with the red
the sand all the stuff yeah in the dark
so she thought a killer
he's like oh I bet some water oh and a
blanket and I also packed some tape
well the more you guys are realizing you
look oh shit yeah how did we not die
wide I remember I did get a little
freaked out because when we got out of
the car
char has this like huge backpack on him
like we had a backpack you had gathered
the backpack that's like your turtle
Shelly how do you remember that oh yeah
I do I do have my backpack I just I
remember I was like I started like
giggling a little bit inside he's like I
brought two waters one for you and one
for me and I'm like oh well Mart what
are you here one for you and was like
okay like getting out to the beach
laying everything out I'm just like ah
crap what did I get myself into but it
ended up being great I had a nice
blanket and we sat the ended 20
questions we talked well we talked
Taunton we play 20 questions 20
questions and then what was the best
part
what tell the best part think it's
better oh it's better wait my cheat beat
yeah my cheesiness gets better okay okay
so so we're playing 21 - all right it
seems like your eyes just glimmering
right no that's not true that's not true
Internet that's not true we were playing
20 questions feeding the world nope
obviously things are gonna go a little
bit other other way now
so what end up happening explaining I
was the one you did it - okay
so we're playing 21 questions and he's
like okay it's your turn and I was like
oh man I start watching the other way
and I was like no did you ask the
question no you told me it's my turn ask
question yes and then I turned away and
oh I'm not that ask it it is good boy
yes
why are you thinking about that what or
what you said you go while you're
thinking about that why don't I do this
any wouldn't really kiss and I was like
and I was like score so cheesy and such
please look I'm thinking about that yeah
wasn't it like I asked you place huh
no it was like it was so funny cuz about
that let me do this yes yes exactly
absolutely did that I don't know no joke
then we like this is this one short
Beach and we're I don't know we were
trying to find a place that played darts
cuz I really like to play darts remember
there was a scooter gang he told me not
so there's a gang of people of not a
gang that's terrible you're just like a
group of people on scooters and I
remember words like walking down the
road he's like don't look him in the eye
it's a computer game I got game I got
game dress I got game and we played with
like a really nice group remember I
think it was like out-of-towners like
does oh yeah can you lost and I lost but
then I kicked his butt at third yeah
mm-hmm that's true
then what happened
the whole I want to know about this
whole back of phone call thing oh well I
just hope savanah out like I remember
telling savanah cuz House expand I'm
very nervous I was like what if he's
crazy I was like this is why I don't
date people she's like don't worry she's
like ten man speed dial and she's like
yeah did you don't have 9-1-1 like she's
like this x2 Vanna did you tell your
grandma where you're going I'm like I
don't know where we're going
besides oh my God my grandma psychic I
will have my phone in my hand the whole
time and the worst part of the entire
situation is her grandma made amazing
cookies and she didn't share one of them
was right there I'm a cookie on the
first day the first thing I said you is
please don't walk up the stairs and what
did you do like a gentleman walk through
the stairs and you meet the parents of
the grandparents
oh you meet parents on the first day oh
that's creepy
no it's say hey my name is blank blank
I'm not going to kill your blank blank
well I know be really grating Sigma gun
press
hi I'm Charles Trippy and I won't kill
you I will not here I'm not here to kill
your granddaughter there's like a quick
emoji or just like oh let go alert is it
like an approval oh geez pretty much I
told I played the van rider and then off
send oh yeah like hey hey yeah there's
an emergency and then I'll be like oh
yeah I have to go I gotta watch my cat
see I don't think guys have that so damn
cat cats stuck in the apple tree again
so everyone wanting to know our first
date that was it I was a gentleman I was
a super gentleman right hey no - you all
probably shouldn't pick up anybody in a
black car it was just creepy for more oh
I can't drive I know I remember you
saying that you're like I can't drive
but I was like I can meet you there
knees like no here that are Marlene
coming in the Grand Marquis yeah by
options mom driving red Sunfire yeah it
would have been so nice to me here my
options guys I was really super
embarrassed I couldn't drive so here
we're apps as I told her golf cart my
mom driving me she drove which was kind
of embarrassing or have a town car which
made me feel kind of like a badass
I mean it was a good option but I was
like I real I will be like really
honestly I was like oh my god this guy's
gonna be super corny picking me up I was
like if he pulls up in a limo I'm gonna
shoot yourself you imagine if he liked
it
like Patras yeah you know oh yeah yeah I
wore like a long to the floor black
dress very elegant it was it was just a
cotton long dress take cover
I kept covers very very classy very
elegant and I wore pretty much what I'm
wearing now it looks really nice
you looked really handsome and then uh
what did I wear I don't remember but I
know you liked handsome I feel awful you
did wear what you typically wear but I
like that that's what I liked about you
but um what are some of the things I
didn't know like the Savannah thing I
did I literally didn't know about this I
told my mom I was like mom okay the day
I was like I remember talking to my
sister I think it was my sister and my
mom IRA might have been spin on my mom
like I think I'm just gonna cancel and
she's like she's like why I was like I
just don't think I'm the dating type cuz
I was just I was really down on myself I
just I was weird
let's get freaked out by date I'm glad
you didn't I just get freaked out
I've had really bad experiences dating
so well mine was the best thing Oh on
your podcast I've actually talked to
Melissa about some of the situations
I've been in the best part was that I
beat you in pool and darts um no I beat
you in darts as well I know you did not
yes I did
no you did not I beat you in both of
those that's bullshit
I pee in dirt I kicked your ass Anderson
you no no no got really upset you know
we went all over the place for darts and
we found a pool place and then I Beach
in pool I smoked you in pool with a dart
well hole in the darts out that's crap
do you never remember that and do you
guys have a picture for me for stage you
sent in to me I probably look for it I I
got both hi
I got you dig it yeah she did get a
bull's-eye she did get a bull's-eye that
was pretty amazing but was she even when
I'm not
she's failing to tell you is that when I
went through grab her bull's eye
she shot again and almost hit me on the
forehead which is good him in another
bullseye in the bullseye but it really
bothers me that people that don't know
me had this idea that that I'm a
home-wrecking whore
but there's something worst thing you
could ever call somebody like that that
to me is like I have had friends I've
been to down I have been cheated on and
it's just like how could you say that
about someone that you have no idea who
they are and it hurts me I mean like I'm
not gonna lie to you words on a lot of
my relationships the only things that I
had it just hurts me so bad and that's
why it's like sometimes it's hard for me
to be like so open yeah you know with
doing the things because I get hurt by
it
it's easy for me to be like but you're
not because we all know that yeah we
know the timing we know it yeah yeah I
think that's the thing is a lot of
people don't understand the timing about
our first our first date because our
when we started hanging out was because
when the video went live is totally not
real time unfortunately of the situation
just when you chose talking it's just
what I chose to make it available to the
Internet and it's almost too because
it's like you guys were going through
something tough and I knew you guys are
going through something tough and it
like it sucked to see that you guys had
to announce something so personal it's
because they like they want you guys to
be
open but then you guys don't want to be
open because tickets if you get hurt and
expose yourself yeah and I get that
people are upset and I heard about it
you know when you look up to somebody
and then it doesn't work out and there's
no explanation I get it it sucks and it
hurts you know how do you explain why
things don't work sometimes it's not
easy to explain why things don't work
sometimes it just doesn't sometimes
there's no explanation yes you're
absolutely right you just and you
couldn't talk about it mm you met Ali
you were ready but to go on that date I
remember yeah and it was like I was so
happy for you no I know that
I knew the shitstorm was gonna happen
but like I knew the way that he was
feeling was go and you know it's funny
students like my mom my sister actually
Savannah - but I remember my sister
saying something to me and she was just
like you know Ali you're allowed to be
happy yeah because like I was real like
I had a really bad breakup like I'll be
honest and say it but the night that I
got my DUI I got my DUI because somebody
that was in a relationship with a really
for a really long time really hurt me
did something really really terrible to
me and it broke my heart and I did not
know how to deal with it so I went out
with one of my girlfriends and I drank
and I drove is the worst decision but
the best decision of my life and I know
that people will judge that but it's the
best decision because it taught you a
huge lesson I like to change my life
change your life completely changed my
life
absolutely it was the worst thing I've
ever experienced and it kills me to
think that I allowed someone to make me
feel that terrible that I that I felt
that I you know I'm gonna go and drink
and forget about it cuz I was gonna wake
up the next morning feel hungover and
still remember what happened you know
but then I had that DUI and I'm like oh
my god like I'm allowing someone to hurt
me this bad so anyways the whole you
know do you I think happened 20
transformed my life I realized what I
wanted and I took time for myself and
when I took time for myself you know I
was very
scared to get back into dating and then
you know I we started just chit-chatting
very casually and I remember when you
asked me out that was like the one thing
I kept telling my sister and that's like
I just don't know if I want to do this
and I told Savannah dude I was like I
just I don't know if I should go on to
stay you know he's got in a band I don't
get hurt and my sister just gets his and
I'm such a rock star whoa but it was
just a John Bachar it was it was one of
those things where it was John bond
really weird for me because I didn't
want to get hurt again tonight and I
always would associate dating somebody
was getting hurt are you thinking about
that think about this it was not like
that
it was not like man take your breath
away it was that like I didn't okay I
was really I was like really forward
with him it was like I think the second
question it was so funny conversation
started you said something I said like
hello back and then he said something to
me and then like right after after my
second comment to him was I really don't
mean to be so blunt and I hope you don't
take this the wrong way I was like I
know that you were married are you still
married because I'll be very honest with
you I was like I don't want to get in
the middle of that I won't get in the
middle of that and I and I was like I I
just I can't you know be disrespectful
in that way you weren't and I was very
honest yeah I was like very very honest
and he told me that you know well you
said that you were separated and you
know that you were going through a
separation it's just a little bit more
difficult to put it out there in public
no wait oh gosh that was a long long
long story but that is our entire life
history right there smells a little bit
well relations relationship history it's
all out there for you guys there's
always gonna be details though that you
guys aren't gonna know and it's because
we like to have a little bit of our life
private and that's just a choice that
you can either like
like and and it's not because we don't
want to share it with you well it's not
because we're trying to be rude about it
it's just I think in every relationship
it's important to keep some things to
yourselves who knows look at those boat
shoes Oh Steph Garfield's gearing up
give him a bell hey things you want to
say what's your favorite color green
what's your favorite food hmm I like
brownies and pizza what's your favorite
animal
girls food I really do like polar bears
I wanted to study polar bears if because
I won I went to school for zoo oh well I
went to school for environmental
sciences you always just I wanted I was
you all just I want it to be a zoologist
you know but that doesn't necessarily
mean that you work in a zoo this was
pretty fun if you guys have any more
questions tell us in the comments or
send them to us on Twitter and we will
make another video huh hashtag chao-li
past yeah hashtag chao-li and on a less
serious note they got me some root beer
there we go you think this yeah I'll
take in the library is that in the
bathroom okay thank you
saliva dick you guys will pay it's been
a long video we've done with these a
long time it's just there's been a lot
of things that we wanted to talk about
and wanted to share with you guys and
hope you guys enjoyed today's video
tomorrow is an MRI checkup I know
everything's gonna be fine right thank
her but anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video and have a great night and
we will see you guys tomorrow as always
doodles six five one nine Clemont
back
this is how we do Saturday night
to show you guys properly know how
moving bay doors to lose the special
high-five called the Cobra you guys can
do it at home
ready
you're so worried about me like my arms
and I can go up to it
without that
