hi guys when he's with it ah that was
that what he good oh gee would you do
what is that oh yeah did you guys have a
little puppy party do you have a puppy
party she doesn't see you oh good
morning internet so we're going for a
little walk and this is how we're gonna
start the day mr. diesel just peed on
Marley that purposely raid on her head
basically just R Kelly in her head Thank
one the puppies all got along garlic all
the best friends all best friends yeah
we got to show you what diesel does
around the pool guys he still hasn't
figured it out he probably needs a show
what to do I'm all right straight into
the shower this you get pee on your head
let's go all right let's go Batman here
just doing some charity work anyway this
is not trash we're donating some clothes
for Charles right now because he's so
lazy so he commissioned me to do it I
have nothing to do since another Batman
movies I come here a while until Ben
Affleck plays me totally ruined my image
i'm currently using his golf cart
because the Batmobile lost a wheel
apparently some people find that funny I
just don't get it it really genuinely
sucks I don't have any spares they're
very expensive the gay man to save in
the world by the way who else is
frightened that Ben Affleck is gonna
totally destroy me as Batman I'm
terrified we will meet you kid birds
honey I'm home where is she where is she
oh yeah but we still p.m. et/pt
that was my fall at skaters gotta just
get a pee out of you I'm so sorry who's
she he's all you're the worst guard dog
excuse me now you feel silly don't you
where is she Marty where is she do not
let the Batman like this do not litter
you are violating the Batman do not
litter Batman what is it so scared it's
just water he's a look look look it's
just water a lot of things in this house
in there see Zoe what are you doing I
need some help Zoe what are you doing
huh you doing Zoe you're supposed to
help him music nope I'm not gonna do it
you're kidding punching me oh yes oh no
we're those pretty girls there's one of
the pretty girls daddy music alright I
give up but tails still wagging mm-hmm I
you so so you guys are be a very good
witness it out you're being very good
with your friend yes thank you we hit
yourself why you hitting yourself hey I
get yourself hmm Lego damn I hate
yourself give me some huh it looks like
a crazy possess like bat she's the queen
of the world she's like I right dad now
you get a little you're getting a little
too much oh it's jen you friend up there
shit ya Simba so bad I can't do it
anymore oh oh there's a chance armor
sorry well we did your friend he is like
Tyson which ones check shake shake pop
yeah good boy no don't get distracted Oh
you guys ready hear some crazy I am now
traveling without my telephone I have no
phone on me right now I'll buy one of
those five great
Cobra I can't see Kylie are you driving
the car well if you were like Batman you
wouldn't have to
every once in a while I like to you know
go places while my phone you know just
to feel disconnected like once every six
years once every six years I'm
pretending like I did this on purpose
guys it's really funny surprise he's
been he's like I'm going to use I
totally do this by accident it's your
favorite song turn the baby up what
pickett fluffy Clank any pink fluff
Batman makes funny that mean now talk
like yoda coming from the girls never
seen Star Wars okay but i have seen
Batman and a pretty positive he doesn't
go Batman cute black people worried that
people get killed with it all right guys
oh and but I found house this voice
Batman speak sometime Paulson best your
of pressure now oh I'm gonna hear it
that's your impression have you gotta
impression cuz I've never seen it hungry
you are he's nothing spike Renee I'm
kind of yeah I guess it's certainly you
are hungry hungry you are certainly
backwards did she ask it a question or
does Yoda dyslexic guys I've never
thought about it Yoda dyslexic but what
do you call me Alton Oh me Anton
have you Hampton fig your favorite joke
in the world enter code 865 19 clean my
car I'm loving as Batman thing sprinkles
this is how we do saturday night
do we show you guys properly and I know
we're not moving ready Dorf special news
miss our special high five it's called
the Cooper you guys can do it at home
ready cover oh you're so hard you don't
have to slap me like my arms gonna
fucking go up know what let's do without
that the Cobra guys where my phone go
don't like is frightening there's our
phone oh this is really uncomfortable
it's like sucking my balls oh my god
they
I'm gonna do that and not let it Kluber
does yeah look II guys it's cleaning my
car and to think that's a robot doing it
it's bumblebee bauble babe whatever the
worst transformer ever is just tailor
the car wash I am transformer car wash
well she where is she where is she
you're hurting wheel dirt dirt least i
don't have the loonie nipple
patent-in-suit guitar at that time there
were apparently everybody's like you
know swimming thanks so much hotter yips
yips yips like I'm picking your Batman
you you're actually picking my nose okay
yeah go for it oh no I don't let the
blow is dry
hello
thats I say part no bigs lien the
underneath part you want to see ya we
will double check her otherwise going
through again alright Internet don't
forget to subscribe or well Batarang you
when my batmobile gets fixed have a
great night and Charles will see you
guys tomorrow doodles
so we are watching movies and freshwater
boy
okay wait some done thank you sir
you need to be much more the more
too much away
if you want my muscles too much it
you want to rest my muscles
if you want to rent my mother just say
honey i would like to rent your muscles
to mush my guacamole on the end like
through
