you know you have a door right that's a
good point apparently there's some sort
of event going on downtown squirrel we
have no idea what it is decided to go
check it out might you're still bleeding
it's kind of weird I guess I don't know
what I did I post 11 I'm not really sure
what it is
Rowdies there's a pelican I think it is
for the Rowdies and there's another one
we should get that trailer or that
trailer I'd be pretty nice small little
house this is one of my favorite murals
I think in st. Pete oh that one over
there it's pretty cool too but this one
obviously because it's a galaxy I think
it's the prettiest one don't you think
it becomes st. Pete find this mural
where are we 13 through central find
this and take photos in front of it and
send it to me if you're around this area
I just wanted to give the clip on the
iPhone tens video and just to see what
it looks like this is 4k 60 frames per
second on a freaking cell phone and I
think it almost looked better than the
can it little serve logging on this guy
alright so this is the zoom feature
chants messages
man I'm gonna start vlogging on this guy
this it look like on this side where you
guys think this eventually make my life
so much easier if I just got the vlog on
a cell phone I didn't have to carry you
can I'm constantly constantly this is
what my my butt looks like I want to
show you that if I keep looking at
myself I doodle with what we do
now he's learning how to play with the
portrait mode they come out the contour
oh that's cool
that's come out how cool if you go to
and then those are different options in
there feel like there are two types of
people this is something random I know
but how you draw it eight so it depends
like how would you do it like this you
would out do it you go like that like
infinity sign like Freddie
now I would do it
so what I do it I go like 28 or 330 48 I
always do that I want you guys to get a
piece of paper and a pen or pencil and I
want you guys to write down the number
428 just write that down and tell me how
you wrote it down and double sides or
the infinity we should go there she is
and there she goes I know why you wanted
to come you left them out there the
whole time good sorry come on out grab
your stick grab a stick this is one
thing we've noticed with Rica's that she
loves and she gets so docile and just
loves to come outside and just sniff and
listen to the birds you don't see leave
leave the plant
I've been wanting to run all day but
because of standing essentially in line
by the way I completely understand that
yesterday waiting for a phone probably
one of the dumbest things but I thought
it'd be kind of interesting I think I
think I got a good story out of it oh
yeah like I was saying I've been wanting
to kind of go and run more but my legs
are killing me
then the next best thing for me is I
love riding my bike so that's what I've
been doing for the past 20 minutes
seeing my exercise because my goal is to
close my rings on my Apple watch every
single day this month I came so close
last month I missed I think I missed one
day by a matter of like 20 calories or
something like that not going to do it
this time we've been finally utilizing
this thing a little bit more he's
rubbing his face give it a gentle later
on if you say what is that
as you can tell I've been having way too
much fun with the new iPhone 10 that I
just got yesterday
honestly like I was saying earlier the
camera is the selling point it's it's
like buying a DSLR camera and the cell
phone yeah I hope I'm just gonna try to
think of different cool little things
basically today I'm just you know
testing out the iPhone 10 so what I've
been doing all day and I've been nerding
out the entire time how there's been
making fun of me but it's so cool a
couple of the features that they've kind
of said is like the whole tricking the
face ID so I'm gonna see if I can trick
it and see if I can do I'm gonna wear a
hat I'm gonna wear sunglasses and then
eyeglasses
okay I'd like a pin out with my face or
something like that but I just have to
do okay so we're gonna try this in a
dark oh my god that actually worked too
okay now let's try dark and then
sunglasses yeah that it actually worked
okay let's do I glasses in the dark
obviously it's gonna work probably okay
well so that's pretty impressive what
about a hat
Wow okay so it's perfect score right now
okay so obviously sunglasses got me what
about if I close my eyes probably not
gonna work by closing my eyes I go look
where it's at first it's not working is
it okay so that's pretty pretty
impressive I have to I have to give it
to Apple on that one I thought for sure
that was no goof up but it worked now
the real thing is like if I had a photo
of myself harm like a good photo really
close got a photo of myself all right
let's try this
well I didn't work I thought it was
going to what about if I get really
close all right so really close
okay well you can't okay honestly oh
there it is okay but I was my face so
you can't trick it as far as I know
these things are definitely during
holidays easy I will eat this whole
thing sometimes yep probably shouldn't
do that I'm about to attempt something I
never actually made before just gonna
make two Zeki
if you have no idea what that is you're
missing out on life I can make hummus
but I've never tried this so I feel like
I should try it
yogurt hey you know I mean I didn't know
dill was an herb I just thought was a
pickle that's probably very stupid of me
to say did you know it was a herb is a
deal in a dill pickle is that what it's
called learning something new every day
so it's one cucumber just a grade it and
then get to drain it which I have no I
you have to grade it and then you have
to drain it like you have to degrade it
never yell at it and make it fuel
significant Jerry I don't really know
how to drain a key one day that's all
this is a fun story Internet I went to
Home Depot once with my mom to get a
lemon tree it grew and years later it
turned out to be an orange tree are you
stressing eat the one just I'm just not
very conventional lemon it's on the
ground
okay want to see something funny let's
cut to Zoey's first time trying the
lemon you don't have it
be done
that actually it's probably 10 or 11
years old
that's an old video Marlee why women
yeah
taste death you were thinking a little
too much on that one well I mean us
that's actually the little lemon can't
believe she's not figuring it out was
that well guys I hope you enjoyed be
testing the iPhone 10 a little bit I'm
going to try a little bit more so far
I'm incredibly impressed with everything
specially the camera and the face ID I'm
gonna keep trying things and I'm once I
do I'm gonna show you guys as much as I
possibly can in the meantime I hope you
enjoyed today's video and I will see you
tomorrow I guess
