good morning Internet so today is a sad
day that we are taking down the
Christmas tree where's our who's our
first ornament though what's our first
ornament that's right that's a first
ornament this is my sister got me this
so that's our first ornament a coffee
mug
very appropriate oh it's making making
the doors right and now you're making
the tree cry yes ma'am
who got is this one yeah yeah yeah so
who you got yourself one so today is
January 2nd I'm already forgetting so
today is January 2nd I'm already
forgetting the tree has come down the
lights have come down the Declaration
and so have to come down the tree must
go away
it's the second the new year how long do
you guys keep your tree up at your house
all year long a Christmas tree like for
Halloween they do it okay I would make
one I was just like oh that makes sense
I thought was a real one that's just
gonna be mind-blowing they're doing a
great job there art you are wonderful
job man that tree is just shedding like
crap we gave it a lot of water too
didn't we
does anybody know where the Christmas
tree went let's see I don't know maybe
follow this trail Zoey perfect spot
delay that's a beautiful spot right
there you know what be better is if you
were right there all that stuff
perfect Zoey exactly
do you understand sarcasm Ali I'm gonna
ask you the most important question in
the world
what is more annoying glitter or dead
pine needle Pines whatever they're
called right Internet which is worse
dead pine needles from a Christmas tree
or glitter I can't figure out which
one's worse that's the kind of 50/50
right there I got some sort of like
infection in her ear surprise well you
got something again it's your injection
your ear
are you okay the next best thing the
packing is unfreaking packing we're
gonna have a lot of puppy sleepover
today be excited just like those put
some booty eyes right there Marley you
nailed those hey everybody
now that we are back in reality I am
going to get back to work but first I'm
going to go ahead and go again my
amazing dog
so that we could have a giant puppy
party tonight which I'm so excited about
I miss him I haven't seen him in five
days
well this can wait I don't really want
to do that right now so my New Year's
resolution is to start juicing again so
juice and guys gotta search juicing I
was always feeling so freakin good when
I was using and not that I'm eating
crappy just you know you know when
you're touring or traveling a lot of
thought it's not as easy to bring this
guy with you can't poop as a kid if you
would told me that was a juice like 15
carats and drink the juice of it I would
have laughed at you there's no way in
hell I would believe that by the way
guys shirt is my tattoo I just looked in
the viewfinder
diesel yeah I think he's a little
excited cuz he doesn't know exactly
where we're gonna go right now but we
are off to trails house for our puppy
slumber party so Alan air were talking
about like stupid little things or like
things we were scared of when were young
hurt and I remember vividly if son in
the store she was laughing in college
till this days the sad part to this day
I don't know if I did it on purpose or
not I had to give this speech I don't
remember what the speech was about but I
was so terrified like I don't know if
you guys knows about it
I don't know if you guys know this about
me but I'm terrified about public
speaking which I know is hilarious given
the two professions I'm in a slump and I
slammed my thumb right into the car door
and here's the sad part to this day I
have no idea if I did on purpose is to
get out of the speech or fuzes
completely by accident so I just led off
the discussion in the comments below
mine was I was terrified and kind of
still am terrified not terrified a
little bit scared of us public speaking
tell me one of your fears that you were
really scared of and you kind of got
over I really know how I guess I guess
tomorrow the story is slam a finger in
the car door actually don't do that he
is ready to come you guys ready diesel
coming out Diesel's gonna come hang out
remember him from the park ready to hang
out he's like our I got investigator
then he's like Kobe yeah yeah friend Zoe
like what the hell is he sounds like a
bird accepting like birds
it's like she's had that high one he's
got the lower bird bow
yeah also do it again sir what are you
doing do you think this is your bed
she's already so tired
oh yes my energy until we put another
battery in her would a battery in her
butt
see it right up her butt energizer bunny
just keeps going
so I'm puppy-sitting right now and
editing you guys are all being very very
good I'm actually very impressed right
now
jogging okay those are my feet please
don't lick my feet that's weird no your
butt hey lucky these are you weird are
we all friends it's so cute
we're all friends now good job Marley
very happy with you you too Zoe
so I'm editing right now watch this
he's having a bird hold on that's
computer okay I feel I see him I
definitely see you you right there if
your dogs are doing that every time you
watch my videos I thoroughly apologized
you taught him a new trick
I'm trying he dream good blood by the
end of the month hey Robo you didn't get
buting get one of these I'm sorry you
don't have to do a trick because you
were just sitting there so patiently she
wins by default she's got it down but
you are so good so good and yeah see
what she's doing so we are going to
watch a movie
leave that fresh guacamole right can you
like wait so I'm done no can I just
write mmm needs to be moist a little bit
more are you much of with if you want my
muscles to mush it
you want to read to my muscles if you
want to rent my muscles just say honey I
would like to rent your muscles to mush
my guacamole all right family time to
watch a movie family time we are gonna
watch a movie
Kuzon free healthy food Marley is going
to fart on diesel diesel come apart on
Ali Ali is gonna fart on Zoey and so he
was gonna fart on me but I boob because
I'm smart her head was right there never
mind
I'm tired anyway welcome mister you go
to the house there's ago guys I'm diesel
Zoey you're just like me just like oh go
to bed
Cheryl shut up so I will see you guys
tomorrow as always hope you guys enjoyed
today's video
everyone have a great night and I will
see you guys tomorrow
good boy
or rhythm than full of them
Wow
the course after that part
you notice water the watermelon tea
lights and there's a parable so they're
real great
to make sure every
all right well it is now my duty
damn glitter I found my hair butter all
my
