it is the end of the party right now
this is a bit Apple hey buddy you too
buddy another hat Thank You Carrie thank
you ma'am
so I'm trying to hide the glitter you
didn't ever take a shower and what do
one want to get home
I said glitter all of my freaking hand
you can't look cool glitter in your
freaking head he'll be you take care of
your daddy okay it's alive
yeah don't worry about this he's still
alive I vote before yeah like always
waiting on Ryan
really
it's like Warped Tour all over again I
always have an issue with
said no one know yeah I did
that's me back to reality oops there
goes gravity
oops it sucked at it it oops the death
town and then wait wait in the back
who's driving the car
how's your first day of New Year's babe
delightful where are you
the first days and delightful water
bottles backyard Gatorade for everybody
recovery mode was yours my fantastic
evening news I feel great actually I
feel good compared to the same trap for
travel or travel for to the travel you
don't know it all right there no
pictures please no pictures please
why make your drive over time
Oh
I'm your personal hotspot get it yeah
I'm pretending like I'm hot but it's
really like the Internet you get it Ryan
explained it's because I'm pretending
I'm hot and I'm gonna really talk about
the Internet uh-huh it's funny because
it's funny when I explained it right
yeah there's two meanings to haha guys
get it
it sounds like noodles on a bass go baby
why don't we go
right now Ali and I have a new new high
five it's called the Cobra here do
faster wait what is that I go I'm sorry
did you miss me
are we doing this shaky leg those are
you do here you punch me the lips
I miss you oh okay we'll never leave you
again
isn't it kind of funny internet this was
actually at the sweet house today we're
talking about starting a salt house want
to do the salt house and put it right
next to the sweet house so there's a
suite and the cell house the bacon of
the pig pen there's been a crazy freakin
weekend so I might take a little nap
so you want to vlog I just put the cam
on you only problem is that they don't
wander around enough what
what oh we got a gift we got him we got
some CTFxC gear today what are we
getting I don't know I can't open it
I lost mine on the tour bus look Zoe
nope though no you eat barley if you're
gonna eat any of them are those the
beanies heck yeah
look how badass those aren't nor beanie
well wear it
she's like noise what the toys you can't
have the toys oi
we like Christmas all over again hey oh
I didn't have a hoodie
they gave mine to Danny cuz I'm a
gentleman
obviously the beanies are sold out right
now I already talked to PFD VA I already
placed another brand new order of
beanies so so you cannot have Marlee so
he just want to eat Marlee so bad no you
can't eat Marlee you can look at Marley
actually you wanna see something's gonna
be screwed up sorry this is you that's
kind of messed up though it's a little
messed up did you realize it was you
nope kind of messed up though see that's
much cuter Zoey that's what you're
supposed to do it's supposed to just lay
with it I just dropped all my peanuts no
no I didn't know you'll get peanut it's
a new year and it means it's a new start
of the prank wars domain prank war that
Danny and I are doing if you guys didn't
know GoDaddy sponsored a domain prank
war between Danny myself and we've been
doing it back and forth so if you go to
Charles once again calm you're gonna see
all these embarrassing photos of Danny
see him as an adolescent team if you
will all these fun little photos and
just to be nice I blurred out his
twin-brother marks face as if that helps
or anything like that I just thought
it'd be kind of funny so I went again
Danny beat that you drove me to this
actually since GoDaddy is actually
sponsoring this wonderful little domain
prank though we're doing there
actually offering you guys the CTFxC $1
99-cent web domains so you can prank
your friends your family Danny or myself
or whatever you want to do all you got
to do I'm gonna walk you through how to
do this I didn't quite walk you through
last time and I want all you guys to do
this step one go to GoDaddy calm search
for a domain this is a very important
part you scroll down the bottom left
says promo code you type CTFxC you hit
apply and then you go up there and see
BAM dollar 99 then you'll notice that
the price is now a dollar ninety-nine
which i think is pretty affordable for
dice little prank
make sure you see what says domains
manage my domain so you see all the
domains I have to click on a little
check mark then you go over here you see
where it says forward your kick forward
and then forward domains and this is the
section where you can do ad forwarding
this is a section where you can do like
someone's YouTube their myspace their
Facebook their whatever you do whatever
you want to put it this is where your
fake forward it so you do this then you
click Add and then you wait probably
about 20 minutes and then your prank is
live so everyone make sure to go to
Charles wins again comm and send it to
all your friends especially Danny and
definitely go to godaddy.com and use the
coupon code CTFxC actually if you see
Jeff exceed 30 you get like 30 percent
off everything so you can actually make
an actual website if you want to so you
don't have to make a lot like a prank
but for those just want to do a fun
little prank use the coupon code CTFxC
you'll get the domains for a dollar
ninety-nine and make sure to tweet me
your favorite domain pranks on my
Twitter account because I want to see
them sorry Danny I went again I want to
do this little science project
but you guys were telling me to do it's
basically lighting a grape on fire first
before we do anything do not try this at
home do not do it don't do this at home
don't do it yeah science glasses on
snitches get stitches or wedgies laugh
it up did you just open up a whole new
thing
now get a glass put it upside down get a
microwave
holy crap that is so awesome wow that's
really rad this is the coolest aftermath
part very careful chopping up two grapes
you know this water the watermelon the
tea lights and this apartment fair ones
gonna show the real grapes can make sure
everything is stable and centralized
ratings alright internet well it is now
my duty you were to all this damn
glitter I found in my hair found it all
my clothes it's like so much there's
someone here ah
there's so much like someone here stupid
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed the
weekend hope you guys enjoyed New Year's
hope you guys enjoyed the party and all
that fun stuff and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always don't forget to check
out the domain cranking and start
pranking your friends here's to an
amazing new year I love you guys CTFxC
kids are amazing people and I will see
you guys tomorrow as always toodles is
Oh
new year user new beginning to the CTFxC
so exciting
because a fresh start of everything
hopefully today's seizure was
