good morning guys so today's the day of
the wedding I just want to show you guys
one quick thing put this together that
you guys look at tentacle pictures okay
that is crazy
the bun and everything when do you have
a twin I told you absolutely like Travis
is ours
yeah you're so you're half Travis's
sister right Joe's half-sister she
shares a half sibling and we share Tara
so he share Hopson yep even weirder I'm
sitting on my own couch looks like I'm
at home I'm looking over and like
looking at Ali and I'm like which one's
Ali they act the same so freaking weird
well you guys got a crisscross though
cold me which one's Ali
and what the both a black the twins have
run in here there we go
of course there'd rocks in the ballroom
they hit ahead
so he decided to sleep on the ice-cream
couch no it's not safe soft ice creams
like that
real cheap ice cream say I wish a
wedding day who's there getting married
when it was raining this morning
so how you guys know when you're older
you do yoga instead of playing video
games don't get me wrong it's healthy
for you but it's just it's an
interesting observation isn't it in old
bills in the same place yeah wake it up
let's go check out this slide oh my god
the government stuff they have over
their human Candyland tetherball alley
they have tetherball
well you Kaitlin what do you get nerd
nerd rock will you take me you going
back to bed wake up a wedding has to be
going on there's a wedding to be had
knock knock knock
so we're all getting ready and Ali's
taking over the bathroom right now
Warner raka kicked off the middle of a
shave you're good man all the girls are
getting ready wait somebody did it for
you I wish my hair was that long and I
could straighten it straightening is
here cute all the girls hey Jake you are
like Danny two years ago why are you
picking on me today what's the deal
because the internet doesn't know what
you do with this cameras off the
internet he loves me and I love it Marc
what does your brother do to me I think
I saw him I carry your clothes in for
you there's a really sweet things yeah
that's right they're twins come on Jake
you're coming with me we're gonna go
hang out we're gonna go play Candyland
we don't play Candyland
look he's such a liar new craze man you
gotta get a little harness thing for
your shoulder looks like a baby pig
Margaret champagne ready for this buddy
do it the Wi-Fi boys fancy action so
we're all just talking about being an
assassin right now and how this would
not work like if I hadn't rolled behind
this yeah that's right no way hunter do
a cartwheel
I can't even do it normally for these
sharp fellows fellows fellows hello mr.
fellows teeth very clean years you're
supposed to go look at you cause B that
was all sure I don't hear a click track
so Taylor killed it
first I kicked over some candles second
this was the thing called an arbor fell
and Travis caught it and kicked those
candles and then I didn't do that one
nobody could sound like I did that one
look at my beautiful beautiful
girlfriend give me a little twirl that's
like the beginning of the day with su
double spin turn around there Lizzie
everyone's looking beautiful Murdock
give me a spin
don't fall those stairs see you again
with the hero honey let's get out of
here I'm gonna kill you bill Mike no
Jerry ever know where Danny that's funny
again yeah he's a peat he's like okay
let's do this so I sit down I'm a
terrible dancer
the second
Wow then the second thing she says
stamps um your bread
Rosalyn
and everyone but up Holly is so adorable
Chase is not interested until the bandit
managers here and I'm gonna play by the
game where I guess then random flows
send us right now
I'm a little nervous here yep you have
tiny one - OH
I just went from here to that hair
that's up there yeah
oh it sparkles who do you think it
belongs to that more people are gone now
that I just claimed the new room with a
bed because we slept on a freaking couch
or I slept on a freaking ottoman I
should say up Ice Cream Sandwich so
everyone's that I could use the couch
today pretty nice
they weren't they were lying
so we've recovered it we don't want it
on the floor anymore at all there's a
lot of all the liquor tried saying look
at the bottom of that discovered
instructional Trebek
congratulations to Jenny and trap I'm so
happy I get to sleep in a bed now as you
can tell as you can tell I'm still
trying to get over this cold see this
I'm not down with it so don't we can
just subscribe because brand new because
tomorrow is the last day of 2014 in the
CTFxC vlogs and then we start a whole
new brand new awesome year which means a
brand new year for CTFxC so again don't
forget to subscribe and I will see you
guys tomorrow always to put you out in a
second
paying this guy we're good by the way
guys how he's doing working on this a
little bit more it's getting there that
should go on auction thinking way too
thick money from all over the world
world's first Blue Album then we go over
here and we go look at this guy looking
snazzy it's all because of you guys
being snazzy
we got a grandmother
jump off the bed like out here
so the dessert round
all-you-can-eat
right
this is how I feel right now hello
