so we were heading over to Travis and
Jenny's wedding have my chauffeur over
here I'm exporting the video because I
could have went to bed last night
because I wasn't feeling good it's still
sick everyone went whole thing would
suck so I wanted to go golfing but
it's like one of those things that gotta
wait it was like do I want to be sick
honey years and Travis wedding or do I
want to call call thing so I challenge
everyone into mini-golf later the other
one has accepted my challenge because
they know I will keep their ass crap you
kicked my ass you kick my butt and
mini-golf but I do believe I had like
three smart who's that
everything you farted out anyway so I
exported the video in the car and I'm
hopefully gonna give it up oh my gosh
it's almost done I love this new I got a
new computer guys so I can get the vlogs
upload I quit here for you guys anyone
ever has a wedding rehearsal or wedding
reception at chuck-e-cheeses it gives
everyone free tokens you are the
greatest person in the world
on your eighth birthday I don't know
it's right can you do it a little bit so
it's also probably a good thing that
I've been go golfing on top of being
sick I needed your new belt cuz this
one's freaking disgustingly Berk beat up
I can't wear that to the wedding right
should get a giant bubble one of us is
sick
you can't kiss me in Tokyo
so Alan I could totally went the wrong
direction basically I totally loaded
this thing we end up going doors by 8
instead of Orlando so we have Judas
crazy ass turn around and just call me
Lloyd from now on oh boy
so we've got the rehearsal beat all the
guys because they're still golfing which
is good that now got time to actually
try to upload this video but there's
like no reception at this place place is
crazy though feels like I'm in Europe
right now so cool bring everything out
I'm just waiting for this vlog to upload
right now now he's over here being mr.
Potts or paparazzo hey you're here cold
me to start snapping I've never seen you
shorts
except walked or peed on Billy I'm so
sorry
Danny brought his child no everyone has
little peace pots in their shirts so I
asked like hold like this so he doesn't
pee on you and then give him a little
towel buddy I've seen you pee your pants
no judgments we've all been there I
handed that out for a reason
hi boys it's like a mini Travis
everything gun carries over your channel
Bob everything
make it interesting do its no specific
names those new do to do in Charleston
2-0 do a front-flip
do you want to do a front-flip do a
front-flip I spent like an hour every
focus is three seconds club bill you
need a focal point in your life so we're
staying at a place that looks like a
giant gingerbread house with a cherry on
top
oh yeah the pinball room just keeps
going and going Wow
from the outside this gingerbread house
look kind of small this is you this is
our jump it out
you've got the cool pants in the world
check out the pool giant ice cream cone
with a slide I won't really want to get
out surprisingly a house full of candy
isn't as fast as you would think with
white box what are you doing to that dog
save the cheerleader save the world
where he's at the synthesizer I think
the bridal suite this is the bridal
suite
so trap put Ally myself and Duncan and
Michelle into the ball pit so I claim
it's like playing top off we have an
idea from moving your body punch him
damage up same with you right in the
face yeah you're not a boxer charge I
love my breasts look low
I don't know
we got a gremlin in that room
what follow over the corners jump off
the bed my couch is here funny so the
dessert room yep
all-you-can-eat desserts how crazy this
is how I feel right now
who are you supposed to throw it at it
tip Patrol not kill a troll there Josh
I'll try and kill the troll right here
there you go
this spot out I feel like there's one of
those things we gotta think outside the
box figure that one out what do you do
gotta cover the spot you can do that if
you do that I'm going to be pretty
impressed is that crazy
I feel like it is look ready cover the
spot yes teamwork babe are these for
Colleoni
the vlog struggle I'm going from place
to place tethering from phone to phone
trying to get this vlog out go out from
800 minutes now it's just 40 minutes I'm
thinking it's because of this giant age
can come that's helping so if the log
was late that's why there you can see
the giant ice-cream cone now Tallinn era
have a nice little Tuscany hi excuse me
dinner together
barbecue e so if the vlog was up
yesterday what you obviously was say
thank you to Ally she kept me completely
sane otherwise I would just throw my
computer and that ice cream dumb reason
so I first say Thank You Dalia for being
awesome and grounded it's like a flower
massacre alright so now we have to go
look for a Starbucks because the
internet wasn't working I think people
don't understand chaotic day trying to
find Wi-Fi Wi-Fi
should be just everywhere Sophie this
looks like a warped tour at that beach
resort you just like chilling there with
a beer some book this reminds me about
it
I feel like this is like nerd rocks
heaven right now that was a flop
that wasn't a jump double tap C double
tap C do a barrel roll now get to do a
barrel roll gal a barrel rolls Skippy
says do a barrel roll
Godley get over here what's happening
well it's time to go to bed and this is
actually kind of cool cuz it'll be the
first time ever get to say good night
from a ballroom like this actually in
the comments I want you guys to tell me
do you think I should do this in one of
my spare bedrooms of the house
I'll let me know in the comment nerd Rex
says yes yes yes anyway I will see you
guys tomorrow as always thank you guys
so much for you so understanding about
the video being so late as a white guy
being so crappy I think I'm gonna
actually get like a little signal in my
back arm next time and you can install
that right
maybe yeah I could do it so I will see
you guys tomorrow
Travis and Jenny's wedding subscribe
like he said bye guys
hi guys
touching
to put you out
hey this guy's by the way guys has been
working a little bit more get in there
Mexico on a hunch
the alleged safety
running from all over the world Wilfred
new album stepping over here
we'll look at this guy
looking snazzy it's all because of you
guys being snazzy so
