good morning anything that actually no
I'm sorry good afternoon Internet I just
woke up truthfully I feel like complete
crap it's like 3:00 in the afternoon my
throat hurts my nose hurts eyes hurts my
hair it hurts this good afternoon
everyone
so Charles is really sick so he is
resting up so that he will be good for
the wedding I feel pretty terrible
because I knew it was probably my fault
but I kind of kicked it relatively quick
so I think he will too as oxy sleeps now
I am heading into Saint Petersburg I
pick up a few things because Travis and
Jenny's wedding is two days away and I
am so excited I love weddings I really
do it's an excuse for girls to get
dressed up or in guys
look nice do your hair and wear pretty
things which obviously if you guys know
me I don't do that very often
I probably the first example of a girl
because I really don't do I hear
anything but I'm looking forward to that
and you know hanging out with everyone I
think it's gonna be an amazing time also
I don't know if we mentioned this before
but we're gonna be staying up there for
New Year's so Travis and Jenny you got a
house for everyone to stay in so I think
it's going to be actually a ton of food
hopefully Charles gets better I also
woke up trying to find the camera and I
can't find the camera somewhere on the
house so I'm using the Canon end right
now
so you guys are gonna be able to see the
difference when we switch back to Ali
this is 24 frames hers at 60 frames what
do you do pilot what's in the background
I'm trying to talk to the Internet so
I'm sitting here just watching Marley be
Marley what are you doing so Jaron
having a staring contest with Marley
you're going down my going down oh my
god wait well you win that's the camera
holy crap Marley you are awesome thank
you okay switching back to this all OH
just like this is mine what are you
doing what are you doing I think that
stick is as big as you are get it over
here give me that much clearer much
better this sucks so bad
great just before the freaking wedding
and ears perfect timing sickness I wish
I had a like a little machine that can
shrink you and you can go and destroy
all this stuff Magic School Bus
I wish that I wish it was real
all right internet I need to go take
another nap this is just doing one of
those days I want to document today I
feel like crap and that's what these
vlogs are not every day could it be
jumping out of planes or do something
awesome
some days I'm human and gets sick it
sucks you have an idea though I want to
put a time-lapse on with the GoPro see
what the dogs do little trouble over
here
double trouble trouble trouble bring it
back bring it back give it to me good
boy
ready hope got ready ready yeah ready
ready go go get it bring it back well
thank you are you learning so much and
my walk starts at this mistake because
it's never like this never be walking
people so as I'm walking me is it get so
excited and now that the holidays are
over I'm definitely a little bit
disappointed myself I was doing so well
with staying in shape I ain't going to
the gym and eating healthy and then as
soon as I knew that Christmas Eve was
rolling around I kind of slacked off I
must say that I'm extremely thankful
though for this guy keeps me and Chuck
keeps me in shape not really in track
but he definitely keeps me in shape
because I have to walk him
so that is what I used to do all the
time pretty much every single weekend
I'd be out here on these course playing
basketball right now I'm quite jealous
those kids out there most of them are
probably 10 maybe 11 maybe 12 maybe 15
who knows but definitely younger and
they could kick my ass I'm pretty good
but it's amazing kids nowadays are
ridiculous when it comes to sports go
get some water and get him some water
and then I have to go check on Charles I
gave them what I had I feel really bad I
kind of good luck no I do feel bad I'm
not gonna be a jerk I do feel bad
because I know that it really really
sucks but I do have something really fun
that I think he's really gonna enjoy
that I'm gonna bring back to his house
because I get there with my dogs and I
think that Zoe Marlee you're gonna love
it
hi how are you yeah miss me think now
I've been hanging out again and here he
comes
it is a pet treat launcher so you shoot
it up in the air so that's how I'm gonna
feed you tonight well he came bearing
gifts I just watched the video of us
sleeping it was so funny how Zoe was
sleeping with me and she left and she
felt bad she came back and then she left
again
to put you out in a second
painting this guy we're good by the way
guys how he's been working on this a
little bit more it's getting there that
should go on auction thing am I too
thick running from all over the world
world's first blue album then we go over
here
and we go look at this guy looking
snazzy it's all because of you guys
being snazzy
so over here you guys make him look
snazzy we go to this wall this walls too
snazzy
wait this is a snazzy wall where's
another snazzy wall over here for
another snazzy wall
here's another snazzy wall I read
somebody we did something I thought
Arianna Arianna Grande was a font until
yesterday she has when we played with
her two years ago in Hershey
Pennsylvania oh he told you we can't go
play in the snow
okay so when we take that road trip just
all planned snow she has to wear that I
agree mr. guy looks like mrs. Claus yeah
my butterscotch candies oh you're such a
good girl you I Marley's like what the
hell she's like I know I'm not a
dinosaur but what the hey little
headband thingy and I rest my case about
men and duration
holy crap looks like they're having Girl
Talk over here having Girl Talk
straight-up Girl Talk finally are they
breathe come on come on so this is gonna
be a lot more fun I thought this is
totally anti-climatic all right Internet
Sophie's over there practicing and
serenading the girls somewhere and we're
packing for the weekend because Travis
is getting married so I got my snazzy
shirt my other stats a shirt we're also
gonna be here for New Year's but I just
wanted to say thank you guys for all the
funny little memes and photos since I
was afraid to accept it
making me laugh as you can tell I feel a
little bit better at things laughter
it's the best thing we'll see you guys
tomorrow as always don't forget to
subscribe because this weekend is going
to be pretty intense I'm going to kick
you in the meat and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always toodles I guess I'll
just fart at her pants pool party
your fealty
the valley
upon
do it babe you got it
