Merry Christmas guys how'd you guys get
there Ali made sweet rolls no it's
almost went off this stupid count
mmm used to make every single you're
dressed you got nice at all this year
so you need to shave you need to shave
and fix your ears there you go thank you
so Riley Internet I want to introduce
you to Santa Paws get it Santa Paws it
fix your hat come on there you go that's
it close it
you don't look amused got a hairy chin
chin there the girls have been really
trying to make their Rock feel at home
she puts up with so much crap doesn't
she look at that one earring you're such
a girl Zozo you're such a good girl
there you go honey is it hey nerd Rock
did you invite these twerps we got some
intruders granted they brought presents
but still one of them's kind of
weird-looking
these are friends mmm everyone's here
now my mom brought all this food would
you bring Santa bride that's all I'm
cared about of an idea guys you know
we're gonna do we're gonna do a very
Kobe Christmas we're gonna put the GoPro
on Kobe today and he's just gonna show
what Christmas looks like from a dog's
perspective should be a very Kobe crispy
Oh careful cool all right guys we're
gonna find out what Tyson hides this
thing hey buddy well hide it so do your
thing
I think he's lost hey what are you like
totally nothing over there there's
totally nothing maybe he was just
burying his well maybe he's totally
moving over there will you marry new
ball
Tyson already discovered the art of war
beachballs testing hold on hey postwoman
Tyson every time I got hit in the face
was one of those dude it's how I felt
I thought Travis chipped his tooth two
on that tour he's ferocious well not
even fit on big-ass head he's just the
happiest there's a doofus what did this
one what's in that one what did this one
copy right here this one right here come
over here nope not the clothes that one
what's in this one
what's over here
Koby Oh
minor doc Merry Christmas Merry
Christmas feel like coffee makes you
poop nerd Rock we'll be here all night
everyone
I think he's the Grinch of Christmas
this is a very Kobe Christmas with Kobe
thank you for filming appreciate you
filming for me today what are you doing
huh the Internet look it's a Lina's
first ornament together today is
actually our first Christmas together
listen still got it you're gonna get
yeah exactly feel what mom say mom I'll
bleep you up I'll believe you I believe
you I want to believe you come on mom
say it it's my Christmas present I would
have believed it so it looks like you
didn't set it anyway look it's our first
ornament together
so we could cook Zoey Marley it's okay
Zoey I'm not gonna really cook you I'm
not I really won't I promise
I would never do that oh by the way they
also got us tickets to one of those I
fly places
remember on Seattle Seattle 2013 Summer
Fest and then we all went there it was
Summerfest right and that one company
was an I fly it was i-5 Seattle and
never went skydiving indoors
my mom went skydiving it was one of
those moments though like cuz I had to
do it because I'm like sitting there and
I saw my mother and my sister fly out of
a plane and so it was like terrifying it
was like okay now I have to do this here
I'll show you guys right here
all right no pressure al everyone we had
to search everywhere those initials how
did you find those it's amazing we
searched everywhere Chuck stop I just
put it on the bottom Merry Christmas
everybody
or happy thursday or whatever it is that
you celebrates now off to my
my sisters how I watched at my sister's
house but we're gonna go celebrate
Christmas with my mom Charles and just
nerve doctor kind of dragging behind the
little bit we had a huge meal with
Charles mom and his sister it was
awesome it was so much fun a great great
time and now we're gonna suck her face
even the most perfect way to end
Christmas
oh and by the way I'm feeling
not completely but a lot better than I
did yesterday that neti pot is weird as
it is it is a God it's amazing I I
really do feel a hundred times Center
still a little sick you know but much
better than I was I probably would have
been in bed all day today if I didn't do
it so it's really so case whole
neighborhood does this except for I
don't kill him you kind of missed the
memo right here I think you're supposed
to do it across I know but there's cars
there I noticed yeah whose cars are
those do all of this all in the
neighborhood it's pretty amazing
beautiful tree there's mom and Tom
Caitlin say Merry Christmas tell me if
they're good what do they need more hmm
also a little salt and pepper delicious
similar Christmas Christmas a play a
little game what state declared in the
United States Christmas or us how a
holiday first I have West Virginia what
do you think
New York New York okay Florida its
Alabama I don't believe you said Alabama
yes yeah let's just go back to what I
was saying we're back we're back now
who brought some treats paired rocks
back
we're not mocking you tell me you love
me do you love me rock Robyn I don't
know what that last part was she said I
love you and him oh I'm sorry
well internet is time to go to bed and I
just want to show you my freakin awesome
pants that my mom got actually it's to
flash back to the 90s really quick this
show that I've had style for this many
years
right you're jealous do you have a good
Christmas Christmas yeah so it was a
lean eyes first Christmas together and
it was awesome
full tired it's exhausted right yeah too
much hopping around
we need that that's why we should ask
Santa for is a teleporter wait in the
comments tell me your favorite gift that
you guys got this year mine definitely
has been just being here I should say
just living life I know it sounds corny
it's true anyway I hope you guys had a
great Christmas and a wonderful day and
I hope you guys enjoyed today's video
and I will see you guys tomorrow as
always
toodles Oh tomato there that was one
bite
Irie had a couple
right now without
to bring the toilet this is how you
celebrate Christmas right here home
alone when we get home watching home
alone feel feel like the worst movie to
put on with us
all I want to do to sit here watch them
alone
near gloves over there partying with
their family already
