yay your pals are here oh hi oh look at
this our special guest has been here for
like 30 seconds and you're already
puking in his room
no remorse and you're making up cleaning
up dude you not to do that thank God
mother's been waiting for days for that
door to be open so she can sit on this
couch or this bed I'm just trying to
find something that will partially do
partially due and if you haven't noticed
pretty
my hair divison same exact thing for the
past couple of days because during the
holidays I feel like I'm just running
around like a crazy person and I don't
have time to do anything to my hair so I
think the best thing to do is you put it
on top of my head it did some work for
me it feels like you're always running
around and going from place to place
it's not really relaxing anymore instead
get older this isn't yours this is nerd
rocks let me see that dress oh wow get
it get that get the twirl do the twirl
katlyn go right with the camera does
anyone want to show nerd rock the new
golf cart I guess that's a yes I think
so do you want to show the golf cart
wrong door Oh nerd Dawkins coming in
today actually I'm really excited I got
you a Christmas present something fake
but I think he might do friend me after
this it's gonna actually climb
Charles and I and hopefully in smoke to
become my number listen Phil have to go
to
SILS house but I know nerd rock it's
gonna come to my dad's house with
Charles and I hope that Charles mom gets
to come I know she's gonna try to go see
your sister and stuff when we're
probably gonna try and do that too
Caitlin and I are getting lost in the
mazes girls sections this is what it's
all about
right Kate much faster the old one right
wait faster Zoe Zoe we left you boo Zoe
Zoe boo come on you peed 42 times let's
do this so I'm showing nerd Rock Zoe
Marley's favorite place actually I
should say Zoe Marly are showing their
dog their favorite place like look uncle
nerd Rock this is where we go you know
get up new rocks is a lot nicer than I
have just started driving stop putting
your tongue on me we didn't drive yeah
we're in drive mode all right so right
now we're gonna go to the storage unit
and we're gonna make finding we're gonna
be digging through the storage unit
Adventure Time basically don't worry you
guys are coming to this is what happens
when the band members forget the key we
got to get new keys
all right nerd Rock hop in there
Duncan you want some cymbals
all right so we're getting through here
trying to get here Oh tuck and roll
talking at all what is that hope you
know what's even funnier but desoto CDs
yeah there's like the case of those in
fact if you guys didn't know who the
Kings was once called this Soto and we
have a case of just so Newsies beard
Rock just fine found a thing a cool whip
that's tape shop I think there's moldy
cookies in here you dink yeah oh wow
yeah check out this moldy fudge
everything over here oh my god I think
that is Ebola that we found we found the
source of Ebola so you guys remember the
beach balls an art of tour and how they
used to always hit us in the face I
thought it'd be kind of fun to blow up a
couple of us but now he comes home so
she doesn't like the fireworks I'm just
gonna peg it with them that's my
suitcase
that's my missing suitcase what we did
it guys nerd Rock and I just cleaned out
the storage unit kind of kind of kind of
the fact that we found cookies then bud
brownies from Warped Tour can you please
call me before you open the garage door
can you text me before you go can you
get that can you just text me anyway
come on
bronze Christmas Eve you guys got to be
clean don't run and hide clean time so
you guys are nice and clean for
Christmas
so much everybody's clean it's always
already ready to talk destroy a toy in
their dock so we have yeah
never again well until next year found
my dress for the wedding I know I've
been talking about it like two weeks so
you like your special guests I didn't
tell you I didn't tell you because I
know I need to be surprised are you
gonna text me before you walk in the
house I'm gonna lock the doors that's
not very nice
oh you little dick I wanna know what's
under here like what like what photo
wasn't cool enough that they had it they
covered it up
so they apparently thought covering Tim
Tebow was appropriate didn't even do the
Ghost Pepper
you just that all for those at the same
time though yeah true texted me to
Ally's on the way home and I took a
couple of the beach balls from the
storage unit
Evan Jesus throw matter head back to my
sister's house and head to Charles
however I'm petrified because whenever
he asked me when I'm gonna be home it
usually means that he's pranking me and
now that he has the nerd rock there I'm
pretty positive that's exactly what
they're doing no
it's okay no we're not pass out make
sure is okay
- 393 we're going to a little ugly
sweater party nerd-off some nerd rocks
it's more like an awesome sweater if not
an ugly sweater to correct you and look
at me I'm wearing out I'm wearing a
girl's sweater right now
that's all I own because all my sweaters
are awesome I don't have an ugly sweater
sweatshirt this it's a sweatshirt
disguised as a sweater Oh disguise as a
sweater if those things didn't have the
hoods what would they be called zip up
sweatshirts okay
I'll give it to you so we're not an ugly
sweater competition
the competition not a competition
because oh my god is my girlfriend comes
up to me is like I got your drink bro
and I look amazing you a drink yeah I
made you a drink bro i like dude I don't
drink he's like no I made you that was
anyway what are they talking about do
you feel a little bit better ready for
Christmas good for Christmas huh well
internet it's time to go to bed it's
technically Christmas Eve right now cuz
it's past midnight
so I will see you guys tomorrow as
always don't forget to subscribe you
guys are brand new and have a wonderful
holiday and I will see you guys as
always
toodles bye guys see you tomorrow ducks
are yellow and fun
the doctrine heroin pardon
Panthers pizza
I have no idea what you're saying
if you were going to punch me it with a
toilet
did you pee in the bathroom you see the
black goo you came back up back up
farfegnugen farfegnugen you got those
are
