31 you can always stop once haha what
got a cookie
cheating we're cheating again my cookie
Mandel what a small that who farted she
just wanted the window down internet i'm
gonna show you guys something and once
you see it you'll never unsee it so I
come here right there to see it you will
never unsee that and every file you'll
always see that I didn't know that about
my dog you guys pointed that out so now
I'm just informed me that I was coby's
10th birthday just recently Kobe come
here come on the internets they say
happy birthday sit got your hat because
the one who said he's happy look at him
you think I hate birth number 10 feels
like i'm gerry Stephanie Kobe come here
I hate birthdays Kobe come here buddy oh
he said I am not in the mood for my
vacation happy birthday happy birthday
Kobe oh happy birthday guys there you go
happy birthday khob Azusa excuse me
don't judge me
he is so happy I think you're getting
more happy about the pipette the paper
the wrapping the new with the gift
internet in the comments do you wrap
your presents we give them away or you
just give them to people I honestly just
give them the people because I guess
just because guys is don't care that's
something like we really care about
think it all dressed up no make it a
gift that you open all right i should
put mine in the balloon no and then make
a pop the balloon oh weird so you feel
like you could be in Japan right now Hey
look me we gotta turn over here giant
head bang
the poor Ali's not feeling good right
now and looks like the rest of world is
neither everything is wiped out we ask
the pharmacist said everything's wiped
out so we're trying to get something so
she's a not sick and Christmas and be
not sick on Travis wedding and cement to
take on new years we're gonna kill this
thing but the fun thing is when we get
home we're gonna have a competition okay
you guys are gonna be the judge seven a
little debate all right guys no I'm
completely correct we're having a little
disagreement hey puddi without a sweater
oh goody I'm here's a hoodie without a
hood what is that called a fetcher a
sweater no stretcher guess what it has a
foot up your block gets here like it all
right is the 21st season while I was
eating the 22nd and we are we're at the
freaking mall on the 24 first four days
before
I remember I was little my dad miss you
all the Christmas shopping the day
before I had an obsession with the idea
of making sushi so I need to find all
the sushi stuff right on you can't show
me a sexy dress like that and not try it
on bed so hot she's excited so anyway
guys 18 p is sponsoring this cool little
thing called emoji carols and they asked
us to show you guys so alli and I are
going to do a competition and you guys
are going to judge and then I want you
guys to click the link down there and
make your own and send it to us on
twitter first the cool thing is when you
go there you make your own emoji that
looks like you and I just want to show
you Ali's first they look good thing I
looks identical same smile and
everything alright so when you go to the
site you can pick all the songs that you
want to do which one you want to do so
jingle bells so then you go to make your
video and I believe that's my emoji oh
wait wait does they have a beard oh
that's gotta be no no the other one what
do you this one not to you that's me and
then what you guys got to do is once you
get your little moji hit save and
continue and then click the song jingle
bells where's the jingle bells okay this
is where we can't this is the
competition you have to go away man do I
have to choose my function yet to do all
yours now okay right now in the comments
I'm gonna show you guys both of ours and
you have to tell us which one's better
you select your background alright so
that gives you all the directions and
basically what you're gonna do is you're
going to go to every word and add an
emoji so jingle bells you know you
wouldn't want to put a bell or something
like that that's pretty much what you
have to do and i'm going to show you the
finished product and hopefully it's
gonna be better than now he's our
internet so I'm not gonna tell you which
is which but I'm gonna show you one and
two and Jason tell us who's better okay
this is one jingle bells jingle bells
jingle all the way
oh what fun it is to ride in a one-horse
open sleigh jingle bells jingle bells
jingle all the way oh what fun it is to
ride in a one-horse open sleigh all
right this is the second one jingle
bells jingle bells jingle all the way oh
what fun it is to ride in a one-horse
open sleigh jingle bells jingle bells
jingle all the way oh if I miss you
riding one horse open sleigh
now in the comments tell us which one
you guys like better if you want to send
emoji car greeting cards this is
definitely the site to do it so go check
it out links in the description and send
it to us two guys we would love to get
your emoji cards hi it's under you don't
go you still dumb I'm not gonna start
it's the perfect they're not doing this
to her ear and then lick here fuck yeah
y minus gross no kisses from you mark
that is so gross no more kisses from you
ever I don't know what yeah Marley
Marley does that taste good that tastes
good he's no shame look at that no shame
he still does it you want some barley
good ship doing acting all right
internet think about the things that you
did when you were little eating dirt
getting ear stuff eating knows stuff AKA
hears people okay i can't fathom the
whole ear or nose things I don't think I
dirt either you need dirt yeah I totally
ate dirt when I was little that's gross
internet did anyone else need dirt did
you ever eat a worm I've never ate a
worm I ate a warmth yes tea I ate a worm
that's really gross I actually ate a
worm like two times kind of scared it
kind of goes that's pretty girl back up
aight worms tell me in the comments the
worst most disgusting thing you ever ate
as a kid silly dog food or doctrine dog
treats are good though that's disgusting
sure cuz you get away from me that's so
gross look what you doing I thought it'd
be a fun thing to do for healthiness to
make homemade sushi equipped with a
wooden spoon I don't think I'm gonna eat
it you don't think you're gonna eat it
because I'm my training but I don't eat
it because I don't want to throw up on
you that's insulting I'm insulted I
haven't done that in probably years Zoey
think I'm doing something all the time
Ali's wrapping gifts right now time
ops is going and she just thinks I'm
doing something bad every single time
every time the camera comes out she's
like what you doing now Joey I can rest
assure i am doing nothing this time
don't try some seaweed here this weird
right it's good for you Ali's been busy
this is the equivalent of when you were
a kid you don't wanna eat your
vegetables so our watermelon oh good
good for you if that Karen is still in
front of your face I'm going to be very
angry with you did you eat it did you
actually eat it alright cover the
seaweed first time making sushi mm-hmm
you mean you're not a sushi chef in your
spare time hey tragedy oh you know I
think it feels cool to be like yep I
made sushi don't eat them leave them
soppy already ate to stop it technically
if you ate to leave it alone we're gonna
eat together if you frickin get full
before we eat I'm gonna punch you in the
face well internet is time to go to bed
I hope you guys enjoyed today's video
now it's time to go watch some movies
together I you just look at that photos
were tagged in it's actually one of
alien eyes favorite thing to do at night
is when we sit down and relax it'll go
on Instagram look at all the photos you
guys tag us on you guys are thought like
Swedish people in the world or hilarious
people you guys find bester faces
hahahahaha anyway guys thanks for
watching don't forget to subscribe just
a brand new and it is time for some
movie time actually you know what the
hometown show is coming up soon so I'm
gonna practice the new song still have a
great night guys I'll see you tomorrow
doodies bye guys yes hemanta
Cooper wait you don't know what have you
got
I
ok
then I started seeing to let it go
something I let it go we
