all right guys let's freakin do this
should be interesting
I literally no joke that's the worst
lighting in the world I don't know joke
alley packed me a bunch of egg I was
like it was saying no I think this is
gonna be kind of fun it might it might
not be as cool as I thought or think but
I don't know little try to make some
friends I want to try to make the best
of this who knows it could be one of the
coolest things I've ever done well this
might be good for me there is no line
this could be positive what's
interesting you see they blocked
everything off to keep people out of
here but people still figured it out so
it looks like we're here so early that
we can't stay here we have to come back
in a few hours
I feel pretty pumped that I was one of
the first people here look at this
trailer people getting kicked out I'm
just gonna follow them and see where
they go so literally just going to
another parking lot right next door
that's funny I said follow the group
literally in front of cratenbarrel the
best part about this whole situation is
now that we're a giant group every time
I see somebody leave I know to leave as
well so now we wait I'm just gonna watch
some TV or something like that thank God
for streaming there see now I can just
catch up on all the stranger things
stuff I mean it's appropriate alley
packed that yours right obviously I wish
somebody else came with me but I felt
really guilty
making Ally come she wanted to come but
I was like no I just would be very
stupid it might not even be successful
but right now I'm pretty positive that's
going to be successful I felt really
guilty doing something as stupid as this
part of adventure because I've never
done this and I honestly don't even know
if you can see me put this up hey is
there a light do I do lights on this
thing there we go
like I said I don't even know what kind
of adventure this is but I figured you
know I literally have no idea where I'm
going but I'm just following following
the chair oh okay so apparently a cop is
now trying to shut us down there's some
negotiation going stuffs getting weird
now okay I thought this was gonna be
interesting and certainly is getting
there
all right so getting kicked out of the
parking lot two times now by police is
now making me second-guess what the hell
am i doing just a fun little update I'm
in a I hop parking lot because every
place I go to park cops chase me out so
far this is proven to be dumb but still
won the bet so I guess I'm still a
winner this is the thing that we're
dealing with just cones blocking it all
off I'm not sure what to do now
this is the caravan that's been pretty
much together that the entire time and
this is probably the caravan that's
gonna get me arrested
oh hey they go back here yeah yeah I'm
not gonna get in trouble get seen a
walking dead everyone just coming out
actually no dead rising that's what it's
reminding a bunch of zombies walking
through the parking lot
here's my game plan hiding in some
bushes right now just outside of the be
good to speak you know a lot more people
now what's the 20 people now there's
like good hundred people
so they're gonna drive like a parking
like a drive-through okay the best spot
cops found me but I've been some more
friends and we have a new plan
all right so this is Marah Mehran right
mehran we made friends hiding into that
Bush and then that guy over there caught
us and kicked us out but now we're
tag-teaming this situation so out there
running up
I'm gonna run he's gonna park the car we
just saved the spot Jesus Christ people
are driving this is I wanna go should
get out here okay I'm just gonna run up
here run I just got out of the car
they got my buddy right here he parked
the car I just bolted
it's kind of creepy in the mall when
there's no one here I somehow convinced
the cop to let me go to the bathroom but
that was not gonna happen I mean this is
kind of fun that's my I've come off kind
of stupid but I mean they kind of got to
be more of an experience I've met a
couple friends got to hang out we
double-team this whole situation and I
think we might come out victorious we're
just moving to another line and it looks
like I think I got actually
look at free coffee and a croissant and
rice Kristen betrayed
definitely missed opportunity in that
dab op you mean the dapples you mean an
apple in there there were you had apples
I was like thinking that be a missed
opportunity that to have those
all right lines it line how long do you
think this was gonna take wow that was a
long thing with Victorious some awesome
people made it go by a little faster
basically hid from the cops I ran a
couple cops let me just explain
everything that happened right now I
don't know why for some reason or
another they weren't allowing us to go
there you guys saw it was all blocked
off we had to park over in this lot and
I hung out with those people and we were
actually hiding right back here one of
the poor guys fell right over there what
we did is one of the guys that I met we
ended up just getting in his car
that way it would only be one car got in
this giant pissed area where I parked
did it I hope you enjoyed that because
it was quite long how long was that good
God
I was waiting in the line for like nine
hours in bone and to film it for you
guys so you don't have to do that kind
of stuff would I do it again probably
not did I like it yeah made it home a
little bit of victory over here now he's
finishing up the video I need to fall
asleep for just a couple hours so I'm
not gonna sleep the day away cuz that's
gonna be a waste of the day there's
Marlee I was wondering where you went
she missed your cat she misses you
yeah that took way too long I agree
alright I'll see you guys in the cut I
feel like I ever done might get onto
this camera and look some sort of crazy
especially when it comes to my hair I am
on my way to go grab a few things cuz
tonight we decided we're gonna class it
up ever so slightly
Charles slept pretty much the entire day
because he was up all night and doing
the whole iPhone thing and you know he
was I think he was more or less doing it
for the mere fact of the experience like
what is it like to wait and see that
hustle and bustle and see people
freaking out over a phone that you're
combining two or three months and
the bestest we and I'm very happy that
he got to do it because I know it's
something that I really wanted to do and
we decided tonight that we're gonna have
our moms over my sister's gonna come
over Melissa and her boyfriend are gonna
come over and we're gonna do like a wine
night with appetizers and keep it really
simple and I'm just kind of hanging out
because it's the holiday season and it's
really really nice that we get that
opportunity to actually do that hey guys
so you saw my adventure today
it was well worth it I was able to get
the iPhone 10 figured right now I'd do
like a nice little fun unboxing of
everything because I know you guys like
that kind of stuff rapper designed by
Apple in California it's just the legal
stuff they still give you the stickers
the decals here is the phone oh it feels
kind of like the for the iPhone before
you guys ever had before we're just it
was like the rectangular both side glass
that's nice
and look they don't actually have the
information at the bottom I guess
legally they don't have to do that
anymore
very sturdy it's like a very heavy phone
which is nice but also very scary if you
don't have a case probably that would
probably break really fast this is
what's funny is standard earphones or
whatever they call it but they still
give you this stupid adapter instead of
giving you and I'll try a little bit
more money but I feel like more people
to you know be happy and paying the
extra money more like the headphones
that are wireless but no still doing
that we've got the lightning cable still
I'm actually kind of surprised they
haven't gone to USBC point yet since
everything pretty much else is other
than the iPhone okay so how do you turn
this on No
and I got a minute that notch is still
pretty kind of annoying it's so funny I
keep trying to hit the UM the touch ID
or the button and that doesn't exist
anymore
Wow look at that okay see if you put it
next to each other it pops up like this
and I guess you can just set up I mean
next to each other it's kind of cool
like it just connects hold your phone up
to your camera
oh look so it has this
and then over here he says to put the
camera so we just gotta go like this
kind of just so you can all see your
updo at the same time she's new
finishing new foam dough
okay our other phone I'm not gonna show
you guys that part
setting up iPhone cool like especially
if you guys remember I don't know how
many people have been using the iPhone
I've been using it since the first one
so ten years ago iPhone 10 so I remember
wow I just realized that this oldest we
the kings just put two and two together
on that one but I remember how difficult
this is ferry psyche now isn't we got
fun but I remember how difficult it was
because ATT was the only one that had it
back that nobody anticipated the iPhone
to be as popular I guess as it was and
remember it took I think I'm kidding two
days for my phone to finally activate
after everything calmed down don't
connect recognize unique
three-dimensional features on your face
hold your face get started okay on my
face in that position my face it's
positioned move it a little closer a
little closer a little closer that's
just freaking close as I can get there
goes my head slowly and a complete
circle
oh and that's it
scan complete now slowly complete the
opposite way this is what it is and then
you could turn off to see what it's like
without the true tone so I guess right
now true tones on this is with it off
yeah it looks like you definitely want
that on okay now it's downloading that
Apple you can have my life I guess I
agree I don't know then read it alright
well it does this I'm gonna go for a
quick run and then I'll be right back
but I'm not gonna make you wait 49
minutes egg be excruciating and a super
long vlog I would actually be kind of
funny just fifty minutes of a timer
saying how much is little heft to do
something right mark having a little
wine and cheese party right now Kate her
mom myself I think Louis is gonna come
over and we're just having some wine and
cheese very derp derp fanciness mm geez
wait this isn't cheese mmm so you want
some wine enjoying that fire right there
it's like 80 degrees out it's actually
70 78 bed what this means they're not
happy about that I'm taking it out
you're gonna have it outside do you like
their water that's what she likes to do
is drink out of the water we decided to
have like a very impromptu wine
appetizer night with my mom my sister
all that dirt okay well whatever look at
all the food anyways we're outside we're
sitting by the fire and Caleb and I are
talking and we see this thing jump off
the roof in to the bushes right outside
of her room not a joke you saw it I saw
it it's freaking rad or some
fine we don't know what it is we're
gonna go and check it out let's go the
way I made those but I made those you
have to sing sandy I really don't like
this is where it all went down where's
Caitlin was sitting right there
I was sitting right here and then it
jumped from merde don't be scared don't
be scared don't be scared yeah but I
have no shoes on I'm up here in the bush
deucey eyes I'm scared I think we're
safe
I'm sorry I'm sorry needle Marley
sheeladi
I know she'll mess you up lambs and
sheeps are kind of they're kind of evil
gentle oh you just you just fed the
beetle you started it dad
oh are you doing some stranger things
debe dog okay so the last review I want
to show you guys this is a photo I think
is the main thing I want to do let's see
if I can take a photo I wouldn't do it
Marley Oh sue tomorrow
as you can see I think the best thing
about this phone or my favorite thing is
going to be the photos I'm gonna play
around with the slow motion so in the
next couple vlogs I'll probably be
messing around with that a little bit
but all in all this is probably the
coolest phone I've ever had
like it's so funny thinking about back
in the day how crappy cell phone cameras
like I had one of the first cell phone
cameras to have a camera had like an
adapter on it
horrible phone I couldn't even tell you
the dimensions those things where it's
like barely a little pixel but anyway
yeah so I think this is a pretty solid
phone I'll be talking about and show you
guys this new things as I'm learning it
Oh diesel go diesel go go diesel go
diesel go don't know what you're doing
but it's going on roughly 24 hours of no
sleep that so many things are just going
off right now I truly hope you enjoyed
today's adventure it's like I was saying
earlier it's probably one of those
things I will probably never do again
unless you guys really really want me to
it was an adventure I keep saying that I
met some cool people I I was lucky I got
the phone and I was able to get an extra
phone for a friend so that was actually
kind of cool but yeah I mean I almost
got arrested like two how many times it
was two or three times three times for a
stupid phone and one guy said something
about Homeland Security I think I said
that earlier idiot don't forget to
subscribe and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night
and I'm sorry today it's probably a
little longer than normal but so much
happened bye guys
