rady No
so who's the Fox what did the Marlee say
my life in a nutshell
my health annoys the best don't be like
that oh good morning Internet so I am
pissed so I just woke up and I just
noticed the back of my head was never
even cut as you guys can see so I gotta
go back and lay down the SmackDown
actually I'm just glass nicely for them
to cut the back of my head like you're
supposed to do it
the Sun has just risen I am still rising
but I actually on my way to pick up my
mom
take her to undergo a 5-hour surgery and
I don't know if any of you have ever had
someone and your family or even yourself
go under kind of a major surgery and I'm
gonna freak it out
it's really sad I know everything's
gonna go well but I'm kind of freaking
out but I'm nervous
much better this buys me more time for
Travis than Jenny's wedding except I was
literally last night about to do it
myself and then I remembered I was gonna
be in a wedding and then I stopped
myself for the sake of Jenny
Travis wouldn't have cared
you look like at all those things times
four we get it we get it
you hit the style in the house do you
like it yeah we get it are you going
all right let's be nice yeah who wants
to go for a golf car ride I go pick up
some stuff yeah so dudes let's go
everyone load up my sunglasses so we sit
down what do you do
do my ears with the pups you go I just
thought would be really funny is if I
sign up for uber and just picked up
people my calls hurt that would be
awesome
Vancouver for golf carts
so there's like what six more days until
Christmas five more days to give you man
yes I feel like I'm getting lazier and
lazier I do my shopping just online I
don't know if it's actually pleasing
this pharmacist be being smarter
I just realized dinner should not have
gotten black for a seat cover I hope you
guys can see all that most of it's white
wonder who that could be
one who the white hair could be you guys
remember we used to do merch of the
house and then sometimes people get
early hairs on it and everyone would
freak out I went how about it barley
clones out there and if so I'm sorry
are you seriously up in that chair you
big baby yeah
so I come outside and Max is working
like a little baby aren't you I don't
know if you guys have any puppies or
dogs but this is severely put that into
your being pathetic yes oh now you're
real quiet nothing to say nothing to say
it's not currently not currently and
there is my main squeeze mr. Dees can
you tell which sides my side and which
side Zoe my left side okay okay I want
to go for a walk or a run I'm gonna go
get some exercise
and I'm dancing like I've never danced
before
watch the squirrels
Oh girls no hands
can't whistle ever since I was little
I've always wanted to be able to do that
whole never been able to do it the only
time I was able to whistle it was when I
didn't have my two front teeth I was
reading in the comments in yesterday's
video and a lot of people were digging
the fact that I was throwing in some old
retro Zowie footage and a lot of people
asked if I had any of this twerps
footage the problem is all little baby
videos I have a ton of little photos but
her videos were on a hard drive that
actually died but trust me she was a
little asshole however to make it up to
you guys I had this really embarrassing
clip of me with a really really bad hair
when Zoe was the size of Marley's head I
was legit digging through all my hard
drives all my backups and I could not
find anything but I did find this really
embarrassing clip of me with really
stupid hair
back
what's the funny part of that whole
situation is that I genuinely thought I
was gonna be one of those people that
would never look back and my style of my
hair like my parents looking back with
their perms and stuff like that and I
never thought I'd be like that person
however what was I include what I was
thinking
also a lot of people were giving me some
ideas on how to make the little rocket
ship alright so the version I used last
time was by a guy named grant Thompson
but I was looking online I think I found
a better way to do this as you guys can
tell I'm very stubborn and I can't take
failure very well my mashed potato
fingers just don't want to work like
that like a nice little launch pad and
then we're gonna close the bottom this
time has no good I feel that's what we
failed last time because there was waves
per to explode out oh damn it I'm never
gonna succeed at this thing if you guys
haven't figured out I'm a pretty frickin
stubborn person
I don't like failure but I feel like
that's kind of a good thing see the
thing is I felt so freakin guilty this
thing didn't work last time so I really
wanted to work this time
plus it just genuinely makes me happy
the best comments were like Zoe's the
smartest one of the whole bunch bitch
how's the lumina mom fired the hell this
is just gonna be a lost cause I made a
new launch pad this is total bullshit
that almost did it I'm good I'm trying
to make a matchstick rocket still I will
not I will not I have to succeed then
exploded it exploded out the fuselage
the actual engine just popped right out
it crumbled right out the side I got a
new idea
I'm not even to use the freaking stand
this doesn't work it's impossible it's
the last absolute try and I'm doing on
this thing and I'm just calling bogus
stupid fire
impossible so I don't know if I told you
guys this but you know our annual
hometown show that we do every single
year for the levy kings that is coming
up to 27 if you haven't gotten your
tickets the links down there in the
description and we're actually playing
like a full band make the actual tour
stuff so hopefully I'll see a bunch of
CD at mcteer's time to go to bed as you
can see this little munchkin and this is
the ones you can already passed out say
goodnight to the Internet
cool well I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video don't forget to click the
little subscribe button and I will see
you guys tomorrow as always
laughing what the clothes
I hope it's under
like
you would see that even one
move
that day
did you copy though you did and
you me a pipe that
