hey there that is a great sweatshirt oh
my god you look adorable totes adorbs oh
my god this old days something I got
this like a flowers ago so I got you
guys a menu and since y'all been super
good tonight Oh stepped up he'll pop
rocks Oh Oh James oh really oh thank you
oh thank you for Melissa you're so I do
pay Melissa that looks beautiful with
your eyes this is gonna go great with
the hummus it's gonna be perfect I hear
those sleigh bells ring like I had
stupid I gotta come there who don't have
a big I do ready dude look at the gym
you look at this look at the screen on
this ready and here's your pop rocks
without chugging down girls Alicia it's
like
what happens you try to clean it off
well hi guys that was an interesting way
to start the day so after the show
Melissa Phil and Ally one hung out on
st. Pete and they brought me a little
toy or this is Candis on the toy yes but
pop rocks a toy or candy I guess in a
weird way Julie was both I had to go
back I was I was so I was so I was so
tired step dad Phil took care of the
girls right now we're on our way to the
Orlando show everyone's Travis is
driving the van danny is driving with
Lindsay this melted candy cable yeah I
don't remember
the popping like threw me off
hey doesn't it freak you out yeah what
you're putting candy in your mouth
that's popping why do that where people
are saying like don't hate pop rocks and
drink soda yeah there's actually a video
i did like in two thousand i'm trying to
toss out of a serious conversation
actually i did a video in 2007 i put it
down in the description where did that
myth and my head actually exploded
what's supposed to happen yes both let's
bulb which makes no sense because the
pop rocks are going down into your
stomach along with the soda why would
your headaches with Alano a hex boy grew
back wrath it's all of that oh alright
the profession cuz we know you little
turn muncher hi sorry I need to not use
this kind of late turd muttered ma'am
all right you did take it down you need
watch him out that's it no way that must
be it this was a place that yeah this
was the one that uh Danny had to wear
the Chico's I remember I went up there
that's where the bathroom was goalie
gets this look at Tetris and everything
wait we need a long piece where's the
long piece wait wait I found the long
piece go on here there's a thank you
much did you mention here's another one
of those venues I haven't played in like
12 years the social in orlando florida
memories hi merch girl I just want to
admire the cute merch girl whoo which
one was it that Danny had to wear uh
Chico's that was this notice that was
this venue of what tour was it artif was
out of tour yeah everyone go find that
video ty nice jeans that I know it's the
exact opposite a pink is for sure you
guys a lion kill it right now apparently
Orlando is orlando's our last show of
the floor and it's sold out it's wrapped
around the buildings look way over there
and completely wrap around all of that
day this is what I'm eating ally what
are you eating there you always get me
eating salads you and Brad Pitt overs on
the run chill
right wrapped in Rosewood Holly only
knows what again it's a good observation
he's a lot of shit does need a lot of
chips a lot of garbage to the Apple to
just chomping away won't read pit you're
disgusting so there's like 200 people in
there already and there's still like 15
or hundred people out right there this
is a sold-out show all right Indian
Jones this is all warm up with my other
girlfriends
pretty can skull
double fishin such a partier whoo
napping it's all that Seltzer mm-hmm pop
rocks mm-hmm
Oh
it's a pg-13 way of saying the first
time that I ever conducted an orchestra
the songs written about the very first
time I ever conducted in Arkansas
I
I'm killing
bye
Charles rust and good night
perfect our than inflation truck
journey with us
yeah I mean I
nice one your link up see txt me fuck do
it good do you love you guys in forever
you have to be so beautiful so did you
like fourth day I can't get what I want
Oh
the tour is now over ever wonder what
Travis took that we gotta hang on so I
just went to death and want to wash my
hands I just realized that everyone let
me go onstage with my hair like this I
have no friends it was you to be going
first like this I love it thank you yeah
what to wash my hands I was like what
the hell after tour special getting some
breakfast or Brynner we're getting some
printer printer dagnabbit well
technically is it monday worcester close
damn it whoa girl what very angry and
hungry young woman so we decided to go
two days to get some Brenner I'm going
for me I'm going for the Grand Slam I'm
just gonna show you guys but staring at
us right now it's kind of
use the ultimate omelette
like the snowman is like dr. I'm not
able to smell her so festive you back at
the house I know it was a short tour but
it was still a tour nonetheless I hope
you guys enjoyed the last few days of
tour and hope you guys enjoyed today's
video anyway don't forget to subscribe
to these videos if you guys are brand
new and i will see you guys tomorrow as
always hold on we're going to end we're
gonna end the vlog and end the tour the
right way hold on
the tour is now over look at Stan hey
Santa can I get a photo
the court
guys thank you
you got to get that off you perfectly
grow beards knowing they didn't leave
that up your career every year I'm st
anaheim games those necks is the first
time I've seen except together
so these two are getting married
the doctor
another come again well
