ready that's your puppet cake what day
is today
it's dohui's birthday what a day for a
birthday let's all have some cake what'd
you get there Mar yeah he's a frost he
is they get some frosting it just gets
stuck on them by the way guys this is
all this is all ok for dogs this isn't
actually sugar or anything like that
it's actually a puppy bakery believe it
or not he's so messy get all over your
face get a nice chunk one little nugget
at the bone and then we're done so yeah
guys Zoey's eighth birthday and she
looks like a four year old
that's like a two year old your toys up
there that you got - this is Fabio and
this is based off a real dog which is
scary yeah and this is Isabella and this
is Isabella and this is a hairless cat
all right guys we're gonna go get a
Christmas tree that's what we do want to
get Christmas trees I don't even know
what that was
and Cena saving Silverman I don't say it
right but when Jack block like so Ally
and I are going to get our first
Christmas tree together I go through the
entrance not the exit our first
Christmas tree what I want to do that's
a big Christmas tree both of my room I
think it might fit in the house bigger
is not always better guys actually
internet I wanted to ask you guys this
because I'm curious to the weights when
you see Christmas trees like this
somebody told me that they don't just
cut down Christmas trees they actually
cut the tops of these trees so that way
you actually not completely destroying
the tree I'm not even sure if that's
actually true
it was very cold I don't know mm-hmm
yeah
Christmas tree you sure you don't want
this one now no matter what I'll get
these
I'm gonna add like two limbs that are
nice in the rest of the world I know we
yell at you for bringing sticks in the
house this is totally different so very
Christmas we brought your giant stick
what do you want to give me the
cake again so dizzy
alright we needed cable or something to
stand on right okay we did I get knocked
down but I get up again oh no once I'm
done editing this video
what was that comedian he was like you
know what we should do we should go
outside we should be free
we should put inside is that gonna be
your spot this year Marley no one can
see the Marley yeah our very first
Christmas tree we decided to put in here
so that way we can smell it we can see
all the time so that way this focal
point of the living room right Zoey
right ready 3 2 1
see if Zoey barks oh there goes yeah we
gotta fix it
one two three no nothing
one two three three we thought it'd be
funny to put a cheesy little bird on it
some of you guys get that put a bird on
it how does that work does it just go
like this doesn't work P for your break
maja to the no no no all right no we
both have to this is our first ornament
how did this I think you should do it
right here right here there it is our
internet so these are my glasses right
here that I have now what do you guys
like these are the ones I had sent to me
okay
which one do you guys you have to tell
me in the comments these these right
here right there or these did you find I
did not
one I didn't one or two which ones you
guys like go in the comments before it
twice okay so you got to us candy it's
all that SAP
I thought your face is what we deeply
stoic you just spit on me you spit on me
don't slap me okay
that means hard to get no feel if I wear
a leash to get a pair crime on Lucy Oh
somebody screenshots guys Lizzie
I think that those look good on YouTube
that what you want for christmas you get
the dodging like it I dive a bit I Drive
a god strap that will Ferrell
I Drive a dog strength all right so what
is gonna be our first ornament yeah
our first one is only a number two
pencil
baby this pizza oh I think that ought to
do it what do you think so start worth
oh yeah the movie you'd never see walk
up are we oh yeah turbot charvaka let's
see if they have a coffee nice voice
Travis hey trav what are you doing here
are you kidding isn't that in that one
direction yeah
something my foot mr. monkey coffee mug
there we go mm-hmm because our first
Christmas Christmas tree ornament mm-hmm
because that's just a funny walk your
bear thing I can't be around you having
problems there so we're walking around
looking at Christmas lights and getting
some exercise this is but this is funny
about Florida when you decorate a palm
tree in Florida look what happens all
right I'll just show you
you can't put balls on a Christmas tree
and put lights absolutely a giant penis
watch out for the train guys
like screw this
all right Internet so before I go to bed
I am going to give Zoe Marly a little
more taste of the shop refrigerator
George so anyways guys don't forget to
subscribe you guys are brand new and
make sure to which is only a happy
birthday cuz you know she gets in the
comments Chuy's every one of those
things hey Zoe I'll see you guys
tomorrow
toodles bye guys Zoe don't let Molly
take your cake go get Zoe
and it's dry isn't it crazy the driver
it is try if they cool
that is just the coolest thing that
science I have no idea guys
connect crazy I'm gonna be Popeye look
at it can you piay
my blog or news out
if go in and out
thank you all right bring it up and down
