good morning guys nope not happening
pause this I'll see you guys after the
intro so I'm up and I detected my
calendar it is Zoey's birthday tomorrow
I always forget I'm gonna have a cake
made for it so showing you that made hey
Becky um I don't know how this goes for
a bit making a dog cake or anything like
that how does that go out you just order
the cake tell us what you want written
on a birthday cake yeah it's a goofy
birthday cake order now for like
tomorrow is that like how that works oh
that's too soon she needs at least um 48
hour 48 hours a birthday tomorrow yeah
stupid got tuck and roll stop it
tuck and roll he's on you like him very
well look great on ya don't use up the
prescription though well you don't have
the head thing but uh huh get it on what
do you guys think new glasses or some of
prescriptions so you can see them a
little bit you can't a little bit I'm a
little bit blind now guys surprisingly
the surgery may be slightly blind in the
light up the light I the left eye do I
look sexy do I look sexy glasses hmm i
can see you guys well internet is the
beginning of the month so that means new
audio book if you guys ain't no audible
com sponsors the CTFxC every month so if
you go to audible com so I CTFxC your
free audio book this month we're
actually listening to yes please by Amy
Poehler you guys don't know Avery polar
just do a little quick google search and
you'll know immediately forgive you guys
almost taste been like brushing away
dirt from a fossil what a little shit
and if they're hacking away in a freezer
with a screwdriver uh so want to get
that go to audible com so I CTFxC you
guys can get a free audiobook and thanks
again audible for sponsoring the CTFxC
every month so if you guys want your
free trial and free audiobook go to
audible com CTFxC you can get yes please
by Amy Poehler or anything else there's
actually John Green books if you guys
want those you have to listen to me now
because I have glasses so I means I read
books or at least I listened to them
ma'am taking photos
laughing at mullet I'll get a TD like me
so I just got a package for my friend
Annie from the Guinness World Records
remember her from New York City she has
sent me the guinness world record book
that CTFxC then thanked 0 so I'm trying
to find him right now Friday not have
tried to find you guys right now think
it was like know about Robert Robert
Downey jr. I know we're right by Robert
Downey jr. and then one what is it 138
139 pointless do sure that try that
which see where the CTFxC could be other
right there right there guys that also
means i have to get in touch with the
guinness world record this year and we
gotta reup date that clover we honor it
out 2040 was a taste 2048
this high five
high 5i turn four and five good job oh
by the way complete a TD moment if you
guys find any other audio books please
let me know in the comments because I
have a feeling we're gonna run right
through that the amount of driving we do
it's a little too you definitely
actually singing for the games with
crowd I was terrible yes what we want
I apologize games on I get some fees to
as if they need it right now stood give
them pizza there's a pizza get an
alligator good now with you girls wants
your truth get y'all now you don't get
your cake get cake tomorrow sure okay oh
sure um all this is a gift tomorrow it's
your birthday tomorrow there's all your
birthday presents tomorrow I'm sorry I
tricked you what's do the goons yeah
take what do this yeah ha down roll over
I like that you're like me although
pizza too so I walk into the room and it
threw up everywhere hey I'm trying to
make things cool it threw up everywhere
get out there you're gonna have an opera
for the first time and then some awesome
viewer sent Charles Shaar in moderation
please ready I'm trying to be a healthy
I told you mom we're just try out to
start an average is given mmm like a me
so I want to do a little science project
but for right I think my science classes
okay now everything i say is going to be
legit and what good it's gonna be so
legit um okay so i found this thing it's
called like hyperbolic sand and i just
want to show you guys what this thing
does I literally saw this on youtube and
right after watching it I googled
everywhere i bought this kinda wanted to
show you guys this oh man wait watch
this you may say right now ok ok watch
this assistant I'm glass water they said
I need some glass of water for me no for
this for the test
yes I have a little part that was my
camera so we are you thirsty oh you're
drinking and spilling everywhere ok ok
you ready get ready for the science
project assistant assistant assistant
assistant i need my sand and I did spoon
hey a spoon Chuck top top top top top
top top do you not see these glasses
that means science let's go do this you
are going to pour the sand first touch
the sand and tell me how it just feels
feels like green sand okay now pour it
in slowly port port is that crazy
what I know Zoe's fascinating pull it
out with a spoon pull it out yeah I
pulled out the loss cuz it didn't sink
in that science but why isn't that sing
can I pull it out husband woohoo so I
pull it out yeah like do like a spoon
full of sand okay why isn't it crazy Wow
apart to get another spoonful nope wow
that is so cool get a nice chunk of it
get a nice big chunk of it what and it's
dry isn't it crazy is it driving in the
shamwow it is dry it's a cool that is
just the coolest thing it's science I
have no idea guys is that crazy look at
the top oh look at it can you see it
just chills yeah but it's kind of dipped
okay when you do it like this hi quad I
like turns out funny is go in and out of
it really fast I'm trying to master
survey all right bring it up and down
thank you soon I want to touch it
underwater dip in the water I can't cuz
this is too full it's get a bigger thing
who could that be clear bowl it's so
funky What's it feel like it just feels
like fan like the Columbus and I want
this I like the bottom of the beach but
like it's not weird but it's
see you guys what's happening is the
sand is touching the water and it's like
water and it's just keeping its form
it's pretty good science all right say
this is probably one of the coolest
things I've ever seen right I think this
is something this is like what's Mars
Mars is like huh that's crazy and it
looks like if ever even touched water
know what I don't get what's going on
it's like evil magics like black magic I
want you if you guys get some of this I
want you guys to play some sort of sort
some sort of trick on somebody I don't
know how I don't know what and I want
you guys to film it all right internet
it was great being home with this one in
this one over here in this one down here
I hope you guys enjoyed today's video
don't forget to subscribe you guys are
brand new and don't forget to let me
know more science stuff that was
actually really really cool science it's
science it's just science it I like
doing those things all right guys don't
forget to subscribe because a brand-new
that will see you guys tomorrow as
always kiddos it's my job
tell us what to do
don't use it I don't silence we'd wanna
talk
hey guys it's melissa no Travis
and when people ask me to like write
these out for tattoos I give them like
50 things and the list of got one
