and back to my right hand we're not
playing the game now I'll play Buffalo
anymore so yesterday's phrase you were
just slowly waking up now and we're
gonna start it over day number two for
travel Palooza
how you guys feeling feeling good
yeah day two I feel great you brought it
up it's beautiful today
friggin gorgeous got to do that later
poor bill Billy just punch it in the
face just do it one time he'll never do
it again one day those last date no
check yes
no adversity complain is Travis really
just pointed out that I still have my
gangsters tourists I've ever seen
please
that just hat go by source you're
welcome doesn't even fit your head it'll
get on there where's the causes of
Taylor falling asleep in places so our
goal is to go on that before closes I'm
not sure how we do this but somehow we
talk our way into we've got access to
the trade winds and we're gonna go on
this day we gotta go fast all right
chillin they're down water it's a very
weird totally risking the camera for you
guys all right I'm going ready go here
we go
see the point is you got to get a jump
and get like a watch no not doing that
so technically I did this right-handed
and they're trying to make me delete it
Buffalo I'm not playing the game my
hands this is expensive camera I'd
rather be drunk and do that perfect
angle like land like go stop talking
Bill's coming down so I just somehow
they're talking and I got us do they
call it turtle but it's definitely not a
turtle is a shark it's like a mechanical
bull but it's a shark and they're gonna
let us do this for free myself so I'm
making sure you either kill yourself the
best time ever
ready the hair like a cowboy
shows this mountain it that was cool
weird it's awkward
that's it that's possible sir oh my gosh
Aziz him out can you help him he's
backwards
he's literally sitting on the handle
turn it up here it goes hold on man hold
on you just stopped you tell him we lost
one we lost one pump it up a little bit
last round we'll Charles lasts more than
10 seconds two three four five six seven
Mississippi eight nine you got a crowd
don't Bears yourself get a hand to the
air point at somebody hey where are you
going and the shark taught you bad see
guys it never hurts to ask
never hurts to ask one day you're just
curious you might end up on a giant
waterslide riding a shark right bill
Taylor she needs to sit down quit
sleeping he's always sleeping now the
beautiful sunset
beautiful day fun day naturally find
toys gotta play
Killick today's but all about like we
live in our childhood yes never grow up
true story this is the same paddle that
Forrest Gump played fun once in movie
you know cool he's always like don't you
tears and you were playing were you
really said it ok cool he's always like
don't you dare do that
I follow the father figure so many
directions Oh gentlemen I'm gonna need a
new set of silverware can you tell where
he gets it from there we go
hey baby Ted he's ugly don't say this
he's ugly and cute Taylor you're the one
so night to the final night we all
survive so tomorrow we actually go to
Gainesville to finish up the tour then
we're home for a few days and then we're
back out so hopefully we'll see you guys
on the road kind of looks creepy but
it's actually really not at all
but yeah I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video don't forget to subscribe he has a
brand new to the CTFxC and I will see
you guys tomorrow as always have a great
night doodles
and
we were here for like 20 minutes already
here is the ringleader this whole thing
and know about boards work though
Beach
good night for best friends everybody
connected
are you doing it
oh there he goes
