no she's purring though look at this we
got her a little sweater cuz you guys
showed it to us she loves it
oh oh she's little she's a little jar
back leg that's what's going on
oh maybe give it a couple weeks but I
thought she'd frickin hate it but like I
put this on just started purring hold on
we thought no do this there you go
oh we're our game okay so maybe give it
a whole long we added but you actually
didn't mind it to be completely on and
her purring and she likes sort of three
queens this house so there's Thrones
it's all the females
besides myself I am just the Jester and
diesels the clown
nope diesels suggester I'm the Jester to
you maybe I'm just the maid
you're the me you're the winch all right
gotta go do your shots look at now it is
time to guess just like last time how
much you think this little Turkey ways
she's been learning how to jump though
so that's gonna be fun if you just 2
pounds 4 ounces you are correct but I'm
probably guessing that no one got that
but she's 2 pounds was to say 2 pounds
ever since she got back she has been
investigating everything did a good cat
yeah a good hello guys I actually don't
think I said hi properly today Oh today
actually you watching the video now the
new iPhone came out and I know a lot of
people think it's stupid I agree I mean
the idea of the hype however I've never
actually camped out for one so what I
want to do is I'm going to scope it out
and see if the lines already growing
like if there's pencil pitched out there
I'm not gonna do it I'm not camping out
I might just show up at like 2:00 a.m.
yeah people should lie they do tents for
days like in New York City like I think
the longest I think more first iPhones
people camped out for weeks just in
front and New York City in front of the
Apple store we just say that is insane
maybe going at 2:00 a.m. I don't see is
too insane it's a little insane but I
thought it would be kind of cool to
bring you guys along and just see what
goes into the whole hysteria so I want
to go today and go to Tampa and just
kind of scope it out see what's going on
if it's bad now I am not even bother
with it cuz this is gonna get worse and
worse and worse if there's nobody there
I'll just stay all that I'll let you go
home but I'm just like I'm just gonna
chill here wait 13 hours of my life
there's stupid phone so here's the deal
I already pre-ordered these things and
Ally
is betting me that I won't do this
because she won't she doesn't think I'm
gonna actually do this so now I'm just
gonna do that for that reason this is
more like I want to experience this and
I know a lot of people say oh why would
you do it and I don't know I just a lot
of people do it and I want to see why I
want to do the the dirty work so you
guys can see and decide for yourself and
be like no way never gonna do the head
can because I feel like I've done this
before I don't think I have but I
talking to Ali like it feels vaguely
started Suns right in my face vaguely
I just can't remember what phone it was
I did for the Super Nintendo which was
easy
I did do it with Melissa on Black Friday
it wasn't like this yeah see no one's
here I just got the rundown apparently 6
a.m. is when the line management starts
and I guess they don't let you
Lloyd her around the area so you got to
sneak around so I think if I get three
Ali is now bailing which makes total
sense I think I'll be ok
that's still a long long wait for
something as stupid as this you all do I
just wanna win that hundred dollars
that's all it is now if I do it you bet
me a hundred dollars and you won't want
to do I'm gonna get the phone I'll
return it I'll just keep the hundred off
I mean shouldn't he be working right now
building toys with his elves or
overseeing the elves Santa suit kind of
get up there all awkwardly
okay so this is kind of funny look at
this this is the pepper packet if you
look there is nothing in there at least
that there's only one packet that
actually had pepper which is that's kind
of funny it's like getting a fortune
cookie no fortune like we don't know if
my life is gonna suck or not oh it's a
Johnny Rockets I have never knew
Americans like
what's funny is that we're two yeah two
days past Halloween and if you look on
the ground
I keep seeing random pieces of candy and
the ones I see the most are tootsie
rolls
just people tossed into it see rolls
which is crazy cuz I used to love
actually I should say still loves I
haven't had one in a long time
I used to like the strawberry ones the
strawberry tootsie rolls is to love
those family people won't like them
anymore they just toss them what it's
also kind of gross that there's just
wrappers everywhere
if we get the quarter the pawns getting
covered down I think they just have to
drag it out every once in a while over
there yeah so this is when we were
originally trying to find a house in st.
Pete this is the area where we were
trying to fight we come here about a
million times but Crescent Lake Park but
apparently people who live here they
don't want to ever move so we were
hoping somebody that had a house for
sale but when there's actually a couple
now that we already moved but this is
where we wanted to go unfortunately it
didn't work but I love our house and I
love our neighborhood a because our
house is awesome and be our neighbors
are freaking amazing we got really lucky
considering last house the neighbors
were cool but they weren't like like I
guess I could say we couldn't relate to
him as much our neighbors now we can
definitely relate to
that's actually no joke the house we
looked at right there
so this is Ali's old elementary school
right here second grade and then
religion class
blow my hair
you get here
by the way I don't think I addressed it
yet it's November I don't think I
officially announced that I will be
doing No Shave November just like I've
done the past I think every year of the
vlogs so nine years of No Shave November
who's doing it with me
how you doing no-shave November I grow
beard now you can do that bit
bill sasquatch but yeah seriously who's
doing it tell me in the comments No
Shave November I need to meet a team I
need a team of doing this I need
motivation because my beard as you know
it's pretty scruffy but I got that beard
oil now so maybe I can just use that now
to help
since I have to sit potentially on a
curb for hours like a moron but I'm
still gonna win $100 I decided to do
what your sizing so I ran three miles we
have biked how many miles 7-7 bike
biking and I'm gonna walk another mile
with the girls you were killing it I got
to do exercise I got a move otherwise
I'm gonna be driving it's your body
we can find and ripped and toned I'm
Arnold wait I don't even know I'm tired
snake why don't you move nope guys don't
eat the snake okay see stay away from
him he might be stuck here Dee let's go
come on you're stuck in the gutter
silly snake can you help here come on
there you go all right but you won't get
out of the gutter
stop don't in the gutter you're welcome
silly snake now he's all happy look at
that I hate snakes and I just saved one
karma I'm just gonna call that karma
look at them slither away all right guys
well I'm gonna go take a nap because no
no I'll give you this if you don't go
then you double No okay don't blow
another deal she never thought I'd do it
I just money's gonna go right back to
her anyway so I'm gonna take a quick nap
and then head out to this crazy I'm
hoping it's not crazy I'm hoping that
it's interesting and that I hope it's
just me not honestly that's the
situation either way of $100 richer
actually I'll see you tomorrow but
technically you know be in a couple
hours so probably wearing the same
clothes don't forget to subscribe so you
can see what happens tomorrow and have a
great night bye guys
