I can't see good morning Internet one
more day tilt or so the stripped of
boosting torque starts tomorrow kind of
like a bittersweet thing because it's
gonna be great to be out on the road
again gonna be a smaller tours I've been
giant tour bus tours if I say they do
look small the whole idea about this
tour is that it's a little stripped
it's just acoustic tour so we only have
one crew member we have steak coming out
and we're doing this in the van kind of
like a bittersweet thing because it's
gonna be great to be on the road again
it'll be a smaller tours I'm in giant
tour bus towards the parsley they do a
small the whole idea about this tour is
that it's called stripped
it's just acoustic tour so we only have
one crew member we have steak coming out
and we're doing this in the van we're
not doing the tour bus we're just gonna
do a small tour in Florida just like a
basic tour a stripped tour get it the
good thing about is that we're not gonna
be gone for weeks we'd be gone we're
gonna come home and then a hometown show
we will be playing all the new songs
plus some of the old ones with a little
twist on it by the way how you guys like
in the black beard I need to find a pace
for my bass case basically because I
can't bring the Giant coffin case and
I'm definitely not bringing that big old
baby so I gotta find my case oh there it
is which base is fit by the way I know I
have more shirts than any girl probably
watching this video I know I get it what
happens is I buy a shirt and I forget to
get rid of the other shirt so it just
piles up like there's probably like 15
tore shirts in here because remember I'm
tore like everything will get dirty and
I just go to H&M and buy like a $5 shirt
because we couldn't like get to like a
laundromat pretty much all these are
like five and our ancient M shirts so
since this is like a Florida tour I only
need probably to bring like how what am
I gonna wear Ali what am I gonna wear
literally going from one suitcase to the
next suitcase it's the easiest way to
pack just move everything
kind of funny I was running down some
notes Alaska band practices so that way
I can go home and practice for all the
new songs found out I have dyslexia
because every single time I'd write
something and then Travis would play
back legit everything would be
completely backwards every single time
does that work dyslexia I don't really
know that's weird it's like somebody
just took my brain and flicked upside
down just getting a levy the tour all
right so this is the craziest thing yes
this is what's on Travis's arms you guys
ever wondered his name of his dream girl
and he was a he didn't really know how
to paint but he wanted to paint his idea
cuz he dreamt about her for eight years
straight like from from a team eight
years he couldn't get out of her out of
his head and he had no idea who she was
it would just like crazy driving insane
so he painted this the internet this is
you god Travis now you know here's the
craziest thing is that the day he
finished the pinion it took him two
weeks to do the day he finished the
painting he went to like veneers at
coffee house and there was a woman
sitting there who looked identical to it
he asked her on a date to to go out he
was like I want to show you this it's
gonna be crazy and you're not gonna
believe it
she he showed her the painting and the
craziest thing he would he was like this
is this has to be you who looked
identical to her and she was really
creeped out thought he had been a little
bit it was like I promised I'm never
seen you're never met you my life music
will you come on a date with me he took
her on a date he was like in the craters
way Hoosick you're my dream girl he
asked he asked her to marry him that
night they were together ever since he
died no like really that's the what's on
Travis is on it means so much to me it's
like it worries it
no it's just a wait just to say look
there right on yeah okay there it is
he painted this one so that's one you
got in a Monday beach it was really yeah
came over that day when Travis had all
the barbecue sauce all over his mouth
you look
like a zombie it's kind of like a daily
thing yeah that's honest so that's this
is that crazy it's like my favorite
thing in this house I just realized
you're wearing my glasses
hmm all right guys no matter here wait
uh she checks my underpants I feel like
you wear my pants they're spinning
things okay you may leave calling it out
call it out like we took him from his
baby
but turning leaves over
place the feet there Koli almost 11
o'clock and we got to leave a little
more on all the girls are hanging out
now we have little fans where's the
other one
we lost Zoey boys
alright guys this is the van tomorrow I
have no idea where everyone's gonna sit
but that's the fun sit right on top of
the roof remember when I bought this
guys I have no idea what it is till it
now is the perfect time of all times to
figure out the hell is this what is that
I don't know the only goop
I think you're supposed to blow it up
dummy maybe okay again
men don't read the directions I think it
even shows you a picture insert below to
maybe this is the point of the yeah toy
let's make a fool of you all these dumb
kids blowing into this ball of alien goo
thinking that it's gonna do something
fun like seriously how is this supposed
to blow up there's no way it's gonna
blow up
you literally can I'm being serious too
best two dollars ever this won't come
out though well I don't want that oh no
no oh hey takes it one time to learn she
can read all over you look at her she's
like your liar
stuff is weird
he reminds me of Thank You collodion gag
but not cooler so that's how you do it
Charles sugar dresses by the way did you
show the internet how I did all this
stuff well look at what the instructions
that's a lie he did look at the
instructions actually anyway guys don't
forget to subscribe because the next
couple weeks are going to be pretty
pretty injure this is not what I want
gonna be pretty freakin interesting
because we have no idea what's gonna end
up happening on this tour and if you
guys don't have the tickets yet go get
your tickets and we will see you soon
alright have a great night doodles knew
other directions
tomorrow
remember all kind of
you got hobbies esslinger.com
I got live evangelical work signed up he
just recently got how the complain with
the equation there's a mountain
mybinding.com so I went to throw daddy
and
I just want to show you guys something
really quick you know docked on the hall
you can get down boy or dot dot fail
which I'm perfect so I'm getting right
now
