today is the day this goes away this is
how I know watch this you can't see my
lips you see my lips Wow no Joey I know
I'm sad too oh I'm sorry I'm sad I know
huh I know again you sad good afternoon
everyone
we are off to the park kind of our
normal routine by now I know it's a
little boring but that's just how I
guess it would be kind of my new year's
resolution even though it's not the new
year yet I was going to start my year's
resolution now rather than later
I've always been a really healthy person
and I'd love to exercise and I like to
stay in shape but I tend to slack off a
little bit around the holidays I think
we all do I am continuing that now by
starting in December rather than waiting
for the New Year's to roll around
oh I've decided in art I'm gonna start
now and one of those ways that I'm
saying in you know good shape and
getting healthy
by continuing what a bit doing and
that's walking the dog man practice day
to Elvis put away your butt so practice
has turned into a baseball game last
frisbee game we might have a TD just a
little bit of it get rid of that
softball yeah that's too bad
are you excited tell them that is the
only time you'll ever hear my dog cry or
whine is when we're at the park I keep
saying it but I swear to god it's like
he's walking me and I'm not walking him
and then he has like a V D he has to
smell absolutely everything can you
imagine that if you were or just think
if humans were like dogs
and two steps we're gonna stop and smell
something or pee on it I feel like that
would suck I feel like actually that
would really suck it if every few steps
we'd have to stop it smell someone
else's pee pee on it and then smell it
mmm
okay stakes are back here
I'll get over here come on Danny the
object is so you can hit the ball
I think you guys might hear my rattle
snake impression oh there it goes oh
there we go we go there's a little is so
much grass I can't even see it
legit can't find it so pretty I feel so
blessed I get to walk around this is it
from the birth yeah I could do without
that diesel you are not going for a swim
buddy dude I'll be needin nope this is
ridiculous
so I'm walking diesel around the park
and I ran into like a really good friend
Shannon she was over in Jamaica Gigi
right yes
so that was a girly awesome seeing my
friend Shannon I'm hanging out with this
guy he's completely beat now it was very
nice to run into her and catch up with
her because like I said she was in
Jamaica and she was teaching actually
for a few days for I think it was like a
requirement for school or something of
that sort but super cool it's really
cool to hear all about that definitely a
place we want to go see I think I'd be
cool to get that opportunity she's such
an amazing girl but now seatbelts but
now I am taking a little guy home and I
have to do a few things so it's charter
night and oh my gosh I had to do some
Christmas shopping so just kidding max
buddy go peepee
I wish it was that easy on command max
go pee
accessing peace now we're like the 14th
day this week
I gotta go to Best Buy but this time
remember the camera that I basically got
watermelon all over and I said nothing
it repaired I'm getting that as a backup
back but this one I'm probably gonna use
for everybody loved this trinket is he
hi yeah your joke cute are you going
where you going
of course I just get home and Marley has
to go poop in the neighbor's lawn Thank
You Marley could pick this up
gotta go shovel some I'll be right back
guys so you know I was talking about
cables just really annoying me when
they're all tangled and stuff like that
so when I set the TV up I started
cleaning that really disgusts me so this
is before everyone look before I'm going
to show you guys after I'm doing I'm
just killing time and prolonging so I
don't have to shave my beard because
today's the day I have to get rid of it
max you daddy they're getting there this
is my favorite part about installing new
things I try not to look at the
instruction as much as possible and I
try to install it like by myself which
often works not all the time Oh mother
of God
this is exactly my nightmare here so I
got to do one last manly thing before I
shave my beard and I figured you know
wearing the speaker system from scratch
would be pretty manual manly so I
decided to wire up speaker system that's
around so it's around sound never done
that ransom well I'm really impressed
stripping these things used to take like
20 minutes of cord now I'm good know
what that makes you a man oh what a mess
uh-uh
two men we shall feel like oh man
Internet you're impressed right first I
beat Jesse and armwrestling
now I'm wiring a surround sound speaker
system by myself not even looking at the
stupid instructions and that's what also
makes you a man I think instructions
should just say for women's use only
because they said men think that they
don't need instructions and that is why
that's precisely why I can get you the
directions if you'd like you or the
directions
all right best bite we'll see you
tomorrow remember the little prank or
their game he got how to dress like a
dork calm
I got living with genital warts calm he
just recently got how to wait Livia wait
there's a mouse in my butt calm so I
went to GoDaddy and I just want to show
you guys something really quick you know
coms are all completely taken pretty
much you can get dot lawyer guru dot
fail which I'm perfect so I'm getting
right now Danny
Duncan doc fail and that way I can
redirect it to something a little
special and if you use a code CTFxC 30
you get 30% off and then you could just
redirect that to whatever you want
there's all I'm saying this is because a
lot of people you know can't get their
comms anymore because there's so many of
them like the good ones so you might as
well get that fail Taub is dr. kuru
lawyer' attorney' dot awesome ninja
that's actually one that legit is a
domain now links in the description
below the important part of the day time
to shave the beard like trim it up just
don't say that I'm gonna go save a cat
tail I'll come back with a cat tail
yeah
and now I'm back yes I'm so handsome
no what's nice is now I'm not gonna date
tasting food forever see look it it
looks like I've dropped like 15 pounds
doesn't it's all in the hair it's all in
the hair guys huh what do you say tall
on the head see what you did there did
you get them peanut butter well that is
a nice way to end the video it has been
a nice go shave November and I hope you
guys enjoy today's video and yeah don't
forget to subscribe you guys are brand
new and I will see you guys tomorrow as
always doodles bye guys
like that contribute baby things right
now
right no that's you guys
tell me in the comments
