good morning in it you guys can go back
to bed you don't have to be up come on
gotta get some gasoline is have some fun
Yeah right wall walk reason why we're up
so early too glad to get an MRI checkup
this is actually the first one since
getting off chemo it's actually really
nerve-racking me I'll be honest but I
know everything's will be fine and then
today I have to go meet up with the guys
because we have a rehearsal all day
because we are going to be doing you
know the strip tours telling you about
yesterday you guys don't know about the
Vita King stripped or don't were not
stripping well it's a good crew seat or
you can check out the way the Kings
website brother Jason Teresa he's like
an acoustic tour all of us are gonna
have Mike small gonna tell stories from
the road it's me a lot of fun but the
thing is with the ruler and 13 songs how
we play 13 different songs cuz all on
different issues right now so we gotta
go and do it hers in there I was rocking
the pizza hoodie that's not scary at all
I got you too kind bars too kind bars
doing a milkshake no I dinky came up
chicks ring and then I go to water cuz
your punk ass man mm-hmm Manta Marley
came with us everybody Marley and so he
came with us and occasion and Tyson and
Max and Lola and diesel hmm it's a bark
body piercing tattoo or tattooed make
them big old yes look internet my little
hairs are going back on my arm guys I
got to introduce you guys to David David
is officially the most badass person
ever I technician is that MRI tech yeah
was your son's in David William a fight
panky um the Jones vid or Mac 10 records
ma c OE n r e co r vs no check them out
guys literally this guy is the badass
guy that always she's my brain before
you guys see them alright so our strip
video that's me what is dude it'll do
this with David oh you're back
yeah we're done I'm really good at like
falling asleep at least things for those
you guys always wondering this is all my
year looks like blood with blood okay
here suck that big
oh it sound like a crow we're
entertaining
I just say Sam seems awesome I like how
I'm doing no shave november and my dad's
completely baby cleaned right now
today's the day guys what do you think
should i shave it or should I keep it on
right I don't know it's up to you guys
in the internet tell me your aim it up
it trim it up yeah give it up ham it up
my favorite part yeah yeah like that
there's no brow a lot of churning in
wolverine wolverine tell me in the
comments Charles Trippy don't smile
child Charles ah don't hear you gotta
take this stop
that didn't work exactly what you want a
dog food it's a cow water oh it's Kirby
you're just not right I hope that values
different things that I'm actually
around let's go from the doctors
oh yeah
let it go
All Right girls don't act cute
especially you back there Marley so
you're so pretty this camera brings out
the freeness of it
what's a goober sister doing firstly
our dog this is really so you don't
always get to play the drums you have to
do the shaker once or twice I feel like
a chihuahua would be the best shaker so
we're practicing for the script or you
guys didn't know get the tickets at we
the kings music com yeah if you don't
calm against find me coming down how we
make sure nobody enters our practice
rehearsals unless keep it up Elvis games
working hard over there got that sub
down stuff it down your throat buddy got
you an HD 60 frames per second
elvis run
Oh started reckoning
come out this is travis being all
domestic as domestic as you can get with
like paper scissors I'm Truman determine
you know so that can breathe and stuff
oh so it could breathe yeah so that
looks nice is right now it's just like
overgrown second oh man come on I'm just
doing some yard work Oh practice was
pretty successful oh cool cool and uh
heading back right now but ops is like
five in the morning really really high
five dang so low five that's kind of an
awkward five here's a high five that's a
high five you're too high five again Oh
high five it's a backhand thing a pimp
slap him slap what
I've noticed that days that I'm annoying
I'm annoying and in the opposite days
Ali's annoying you're annoying all the
time we alternate back and forth you
know I know that I can be a little
immature but holy I think we're having
fun that's the key that I immaturity is
about having fun fun fun you know I
think so many people are so serious all
the time about is why they're absolutely
miserable yeah I agree Ali invented the
game will use make up a word and see if
it's actually a street or actually in
the world so I what about what about big
Bush that's really awful i can't i am
one what about big bush about noon being
severed or there's a big Bush Road and a
big was dry Hercules
hercules drive lane and way where's the
car i see it toys r us kid it's her the
retreats where the treats treats her
treats you can make this thing pop
there's my onion goggles kneelers safety
goggles yeah yeah safety person yeah
yeah oh it's ok though so what's it like
flip side down what's your world like
upside down to though dulles on the
internet oh alright internet keeping up
with our little science days alright
what I'm gonna do I lit a candle I'm
gonna blow it out and then I'm gonna
light the smoke just above it like right
about here science I'm full of science
tricks Bill Nye science guys suck Chuck
the dumb funny guy anyway guys hope you
enjoyed today's video cuz it was great
news for me and awesome news for me i
should say if you guys are brand new to
these little videos called the CTFxC
right here CTFxC this right here is for
brain cancer awareness that's why it's a
ribbon and gray don't forget to
subscribe gets a brand-new and that way
we can keep doing these videos every
single day and sharing our life with you
guys have a great night doodles
the world has lined somehow they are
sitting next to another I have no idea
how this
it's so funny look like an old dog
your google
like I'm offended nothing up nothin up
he's ready he's trying to be like the
big dogs get up there get with the pack
did it's like he
