wake up put a lot of makeup I win those
lyrics sometime oh it is officially
yucky and yucky and absolutely
disgusting outside mister
I'm going to have a little playdate with
my newest member of the family max which
I'm super excited about cuz I got up
really early this morning I can't
believe I get up so early this morning
because honestly we didn't get back
until probably like 2:00 in the morning
yeah so happy
there's ten fifteen ten fifteen ten
fifteen ten fifteen ten fifteen but a
Luton ten fifteen ten fifteen that's 16
that's 16 good morning Internet trying
to get up to go to a - no you do it
today any other place other than
yellow-eyed probably could do it alright
so back to bed I can't do this I'll see
you in a minute
I really am as much as I love New York
and playlist and meeting so many amazing
youtubers I mean so many amazing people
I really am so genuinely happy to be
home
my internal time clock was like not
allowing me to sleep in at all today so
I got really really got all of my work
finished which is really really good
biking that is super late and I cannot
seem to wake up oh by the way I figured
out how to use the stupid light on here
so wake up put a little leg up shut up
mom I go bad anyway started talked to
Dimas we moved the tattoo appointment to
another day the next week because you
know it's flying and that's sitting in
the chair if it wasn't my elbow I think
I'd do it and I just want to apologize
yesterday because I know there was a lot
of mistakes in the video I'm still
getting used to Final Cut X I will get
better just just hang with me I am so
sorry
I watched the video it was like dope
dope dope dope okay we'll pick Lola
loves hers look won't eat it mmm here
you go
now he doesn't want it am I gonna have
to give it to Lola
chick-fil-a oh boy did you puppy cookie
he said I just love it using the Santa
Claus I know little guy
that's not close either in it Christmas
puppy treats Lola I'm him mr. Santa
Claus max just had is and is still
devouring it i think can't be there
did you be up here for doing errands you
know that yeah come on get up here sit
up here
sit down hi we're hanging out together
our dog I hope your dog really if you're
wagging their tail it's not really a car
guys Diesel deal with the button
situation anyways I have to go buy them
new colors today yeah it's pretty boring
getting back home I thought that I was
gonna have so much more work and be so
much more busy today but apparently not
oh by the way guys I don't know how to
pee yet so that's why I've been here all
these weird sounds
I'm sorry I'm you are the biggest goof
in the world
you were just swinging a second ago
you're such a goofball how's that swing
huh
missing Marley and Zoey you want to see
Marley and Zoey and go without for a
walk with them this is the fun part
about coming back any trip I always
thought love this it's going through
everything and trying to clean up so
this is what I'm trying to go through of
course you got Futurama in the
background and I got my supervisor I
know this is super boring but look
making progress and I even get candles
lit I know I'm pretty badass so since we
exploded that watermelon I have all
these extra rubber bands and this is the
worst thing in the world I don't know
how I think I'm talking about this
before
I don't know how cords do this you could
put cords in like this nice and pretty
and they will come out like this
it's like when they're in there they're
just like let's get up I'm trying to
redo everything but I guarantee this is
gonna come out like this in like a month
he'll be late
you are still moving you you I what is
this thing you can't bite it those paws
huge huge huge oh my gosh who is this I
know the stupid but look at this
accomplished it's the little things in
life guys the little things in life
you're right Thunder buddy I know it
started raining it's okay Ali's coming
over flap your wings flap your ears
Lapham there's this little puppy I smell
you guys smell Maxwell his name is
Maxwell please do be little dog his
name's Maxwell the hair smelling max
don't work three days from Black Friday
people already camping out see so we
just returned the other cannon that way
we can keep this guy I honestly think
this is my favorite cannon that I've
ever had in a very very long time really
love the fact that it's so small and I
could just like pocket it the fact that
I always have like tight jeans I know
I'm such a hipster really really hopes
or valleys wearing you know tight
spandex you know give it to her and a
little spandex or something like that
she's doing research to Ali's trying to
help me find another one just as a
backup find one not yet
this one does 24 frames - but I don't
really think don't really think this is
gonna fit in my pocket do you
Oh Justine Gina they don't have that one
here either
you be the car I'll go get it this is
your butter look if they have it all
ready for you it's gone waiting for you
yeah
get some milk the gallery is that milk I
just take this one not is that stealing
I just do Ricca burritos Taco Tuesday it
is Taco Tuesday
get a god
get it it's disgusting
I just could say maybe it's my
that's a day pumpkin spice creamer do
the world is going up in spice look at I
got I got alien goo did you blow it up
and there's an alien alien inside it
oh there's an alien that's where all the
aliens go cray-cray yes we all know
there's morally stuff in there yes yes
we know I feel like I should pamper
myself and get like a nice little face
mask let me see yours it's yours take
the Joker's why so serious since I
creepy at all this probably the worst
time a year to try to do this with the
beard by the way how's the beard going
guys is this a pretty little boy so hey
Johnny
you know tell miss you put black sugar
on her face totally make it better
no it just does certain things for your
pores okay
I don't look on your face then I ask you
guys if you guys are doing No Shave
November
have you actually continued to do it or
did you actually break I had not broken
in a very very close to breaking though
this is all about rejuvenation right now
or rejuvenating over there because we
just were in New York and our body needs
it very Kenyans it actually yeah
do you feel cleaner
I feel super duper clean oh my god you
look so great it's so great so great do
that Nikki that I know it's creepy but
I'm gonna wash this off my face I'm
gonna have base clean pores and hope you
enjoyed today's video don't forget to
subscribe you guys are brand new and I
will see you guys tomorrow as always
have a great night
little bathroom happened
