hey guys so Halloween is now over and we
gotta clean up everything it's that time
mom are even a bumblebee so I go get
your BC done you got a swarm of bees
going on we gotta get recon hers we got
a lot of bumble bees in this house
now I'm gonna unleash the bee yeah crazy
bumble bee now we have to actually take
all the Halloween stuff back to the
storage unit it's interesting because
every year I'm pretty delayed with
getting all the Halloween stuff taken
down and put away because I just I get
so sad that it's over
so this year I decided I'm not going to
be sad about it
for an entire month it was a good
Halloween this year kind of want to just
get done sometimes I feel like when it's
kind of cluttered and there's so much
going on that it can be overwhelming I
just wanted to eliminate that
overwhelmingness and pack it up and
bring it right back since we still have
the storage unit right here we're
bringing all this stuff back here just
to stay a little organized otherwise
like Ali said we just getting so backed
up and then clutter just comes actually
I can't want to just go through this
entire thing and just gut this - no
we're not doing it today but I do want
to just gut it because we don't really
need this donate half of it we haven't
gotten a chance to have been traveling
or we've been really busy to do mail
vlog so today we're actually going to
make yourself sit down and do a mail
blog read some letters open some
packages that you guys so graciously and
awesomely sent us it'll be fun waiting
to do this we're going to be doing a
mail blog today we haven't done one of
these a very long time ding dong over
here scare yourself we've been actually
a lot of you have been tweeting us
asking hey did you get my package we
went under wait so we had a little bit
of slow time before we did up here we go
let's go right into it I'm Kelly jeez
Kelly it's pizza crust all for the
puppies Oh for me he might actually eat
these I'm not gonna like french fries
that's cool
these are so cute okay so this is so you
but this this is so me this is awesome
sorry Kelly sorry Internet my husband
it tastes like burnt pizza crust as
literally what it tastes like right ones
right no dog treats
Thank You Kelly
Vicky in my mom used to running the deli
cloth Jelly Bellies all the time just a
month nobody wants to cheat it was a
tiger which one not suppose
take your monster bye-bye thank you so
much glow stick a little wine this is
from Lisa R notice that you like unique
items I'm sending you this my friend
Mary sells them at her I don't know this
really is looks very fern smell like but
I guess we'll never know very first this
is like the weirdest was bizarre but
cool smells like reading that note made
me go totally into her life this is from
my car so this is Danielle's husband's
company and it's called dear dawn 1742
1740 beard balm
I'm hoping this I'm sorry I get so
excited you don't have a Fiat smell is
really cool you don't have a beard man
package beard oil I didn't know there's
this kind of stuff for beers
coffee-infused these bucks
Wow that's 2013 either I don't even know
how to use half this stuff I've live -
oh is this a fresh brewed coffee beer
itself I put on every other guy this
one's our pyw confetti is crazy good
everywhere I won't be picking up
directions do you guys are so nice thank
you so much for everything
chores are thank you so much
Eli - cookie toys
oh my god another perfect timing it was
like what is that not for you not for
you Michael B - do you think it's gonna
be I can't go about toys right they
don't work yeah groundskeeper Willie
even better that's we looks like I
really appreciate that I love senses
thank you anything Simpson says I'm a my
book good and now he's been rubbing in
my best friend's face cuz she loves us
her best friend and I have a bond over
the Simpson this is from Amazon oh that
was very thoughtful Amazon oh I was the
girl that gave you the
Breanna in Brianna thank you so much tip
of the hat Sean Paul from Washington oh
I know we knew him we've seen you in so
many oven Wow
not just one these are all NASA shirts
no they had this many NASA shirts
apparently there's I didn't know they
had this many I'm not gonna lie
we are talking the other day about how
is one NASA shirt that he had it's like
ripping it's ripping and it's so thinned
out I feel like some of these might be
stolen by Ally I never even got an ax to
share it like this is awesome
honestly I really appreciate this is the
one I had that was
did you go to Kennedy Space Center
seriously
this one's from Savannah be from Earlham
Pennsylvania let me just cut to Ali's
coffee mug Academy right now yeah she
doesn't need any money
oh this oh thank you that it's so
beautiful do you guys remember what I
have this is what he's looking for
this is from Christy M from North
Carolina a lot of North Carolina's this
is Frey why Diesel's going a little nuts
it's for Rica yeah she likes the best
thing I got I was blinking
from you soon I just dangle it over the
desk Jesus constantly like knock another
day I can't believe loves it so much at
the poles like no good
that's so simple I love that this is
from Jennifer Carolina from
winston-salem North Carolina I think
we've had three or four days Carolina
okay what can I do
look at this know what the ball of
katnappe she's gonna get super snappy or
diskette I'm a self-proclaimed cat lady
I'm married no just wanted to send some
new toys or we could to play with I'm
actually genuine Karissa's cat named big
cats crazy or calm distracted
really short I know we're gonna go in
capital never really absolutely cat toy
small doctor dog toy Zowie those cat
toys
oh it's can't it missed you know catnip
that's more like Nick it's really just
gonna go rate thick we get space to go
to sprint opening so I think you should
probably up I just I just got my clothes
another ring another ring Devin's
five-mile run in there yeah
clever this is Jessica peep I remember
she told me she was gonna send me that I
didn't actually think you were going to
she went to the Simpson 30 year
anniversary and she told me she was an
ascendant I said I'll shut it awesome
very poor somehow I don't know how she
got invited to this she got one of these
I guess a few people got the she said
she's out such a big Simpsons fan it's
the old Simpsons and then the Newsome
and it's from the thirty year it was a
party I think was a Simpson celebration
party your friend is going to any
Simpsons fan remember is how annoying
and ugly the old Simpsons were like
they've come a long way in 30 years
oh my god
you honored to have this I genuinely do
this is going to go right by the
Simpsons pinball machine our house is
just at the bottom of the park it's
amazing it's supposed to Seoul tower
it's the very center of the city of
Seoul this is a picture of this whole
tower and apparently she lives somewhere
the bottom of that I actually wrote in
here
I remember reading all these people I
know book works are out of date how you
use ebooks myself mostly now but if
you're ever in need of one here you go
I definitely will use these bookmark
between your two iPads thank you guys so
much thank you so much Kim B this is
like the nicest coolest thing can be we
have an endless amount of letters
unfortunately we're gonna have to take
some time to read those okay Ricky Ricky
P Andrew M Skyler H Courtney B Jose yeah
Julia LLL Emma B and Madison be know we
saw that last one and Athena is actually
are a lot more oh my gosh and we love
Molly f we got some reading video
KDF print s and Annie H savvy and this
is also from that family you guys know
me so so freaking well happy birthday
yeah I RN is it earring everywhere 20
years old she lives in Norway Thank You
Irene for your letter you're beautiful
thank you I think that's it I got a lot
of reading to do that sure yes thank you
guys so much for all of your letters and
your gifts it was like way beyond
anything we ever expected we have a ton
of I got a lot of reading to do to read
right now it's just some of them but we
want to let you guys know that we are so
thankful for you and we appreciate you
guys doing this you don't have to you
guys do not have to send us stuff or
attend a cat or dog they are also
appreciative of it obviously you know
diesel loves this stuff but but they
definitely appreciate it thank you guys
yeah thank you again for everything I
feel like I'm having more fun with this
thank you again so much for watching you
guys a brand new please don't forget to
hit the subscribe button and repeat I
the I and right there like the but like
the like button like like like the like
button or click it whatever works for
you guys and I miss you
alright I have a good night guys see you
tomorrow I don't think this is don't do
that the whole thing guys okay oh yeah
