good morning Internet before we go to
the CTFxC Meetup I just want to show you
something this is actually kind of some
interesting what are you guys just
showed me you ready for this
did you eat that whole sandwich yes okay
eight guys who rock and roll no-shave
November okay number one is at olivine
Raju's Bryan got the Gosselin number
three shaycarl okay just keep going
who's number five
who's number five you don't know him
apparently I made the list of No Shave
November honks I'll take it that's so
weird
so how you girls feeling now don't like
this don't get any ideas
this is you so time for the CTFxC meetup
and like everyone asked I am bringing
some Marley hair she demands it wherever
I go hey Mitchell you ready to do this
yes bill and I are like basically taking
over a whole section I feel like that's
taking over I mean we got to put a kick
in there though buddy there we go
why are they making them do this
living in the future security you're
accepted on the tape except it on the
tape Zoey so cool like she gave these
for us we were just talking about some
deep crap right now
see mitchell's looks like a happy heart
and the reason why I said that is
because a sad heart would be a blue that
never ever emotion I'm talking about
hearts hey this is Mitchell's heart
looks like a balloon right sigh just
take two and I suppose that a fab
balloon is one it never blew up
get stuck in the rafters that's really
sad too
are you saying this to me well what did
the rap it's all because of your silly
heart it's all because of that middle
moment
you better say yes I got my man card now
you can't say it anymore you back my man
card
Wow
okay
okay she saved my life the entire time
and then ran away every time I bought
the camera
you wonder why all the time she tries to
run away remember the whole thing I'll
be never being able to pranked by Jesse
and Jeana that time has gone has finally
come so that'll be on the prank vs.
prank channel I don't know when but that
whole thing will be not being pranked by
them is now out the door ah now I'm
gonna wait for the cunt for the comeback
the worst part is that there's no pizza
that's the words that's the worst part
now I'm actually genuinely hungry for
people so no pizza have to settle for a
freaking hot dog
oh we're switching so he's coming
trust me he never bet signal
I think so the bucket went up my butt
now hold on so Ali's teaching everyone
the connoisseur of jelly beans Oh
pretty impressive pretty impressive
pretty impressed right now I thought
that was easy gonna go down your throat
and choke you or break it to ya yeah she
she was going from center field to home
plate Jessie's is talking to the pilot
Pete sorry now
I noticed that there was only one plate
there - there's two plate but nobody's
even pizza
oh boy up on your grades get to food
this pizzeria David the playlist is kind
of shutting down there's still one more
party tonight yeah
hungry getting a boat lame we get some
burritos
so after five hours signing Ali and I
are just kind of relaxing now you got
some chicken quesadillas and Futurama
and I'm just editing what you guys just
saw is that it was like kind of like a
paradox or like what's up like a mind
closin when you guys see what I'm
editing and you guys just watched it the
scale we do there's another there's like
one more party tonight and I don't know
if we'll be able to get up and do it
tomorrow we have to do Central Park
though then we fly home but actually I
don't know if you guys knew this Ali's
mom just got a puppy Kaylin and Ally
surprised her mom what's his name max
low black lab you guys will see him as
soon as we get home he's cute
you said she'll bring them over so Zoe
Mulligan Charlie's like play with him
cuz honestly he's only Marley have never
ever ever played with a real puppy like
an actual puppy like you know like a
year old puppy put like a baby puppy so
I want to see what they're gonna be like
but there were a lot of CTFxC ears I
want to say thank you to all the
significant came out not only for coming
out but for being so welcoming and sweet
to Ally this was like your first time
actually get to meet everybody
everyone was so adorably sweet Turner I
just wanna say thank you guys as a group
of the CTFxC for showing that there are
good people out there and it really
means a lot to me you had fun didn't you
a good time so I just woke up and I saw
this like an angel
I think if angel right there so we're
getting ready to go to the freaking
party what a brave I hear is that you're
the mother blind girl thing I thought
it's just one single hair that was
growing avid I did give me kiss right on
the cheek
oh actually go into the party like this
you can do that then you go on the party
like this so hey goodness help girls at
the box it's Kurt I don't know hear me
but I want to show you guys the new
album strips the way the Kings album is
out now I just got a notification
downloading it now
this was Ali's attempt to get me back
you guys they just can't stop our
internet playlist is now over with and
you have fun first playlist in the bag
so that means gonna go in the city and
take care of Central Park tomorrow this
has never been there and then we are
flying home I get to see Zoey Marley
miss them so much and maybe diesel is
gonna come hang out for a couple days I
love my little diesel and diesel is
gonna come hang out right this week yes
anyway guys don't forget to subscribe
you guys are brand new and I will see
you guys tomorrow as always Jill no
we're not saying it Oh fart Fig Newton
okay hold on it's actually the final day
of playlist and they want to say good
night you guys
do you know you want to take it off
first
you
