that's how you do it
Zoey Marley disgusting and that's how
you pick up poop in style by the way
don't win got my awesome package I can't
wait to show you guys it's gonna be
funny I promise you it's funny and I
decided to be awesome and a surprise
ally with a pumpkin spice latte
pumpkin spice a lot of time with the
whipped cream actually I had to order
like that she's like what do you want
pumpkin spice latte
but if you can see driving on the golf
cart makes it a little bit messy so taki
counts guys damn it
well I tried how it has to do some so
grab it the box the mysterious box that
I wanted to show you guys okay I'm gonna
give Ally the camera so I can focus this
is something that I've actually
purchased myself like legit can purchase
myself and it's kind of funny that they
approached me to show you guys this how
you normally open up a box of eggs that
you open it yeah or like that okay that
works to get ready for this it's called
poo pourri
what it is it's like trap a crap this is
the women's version nice nice and pretty
and this one's a new one I've never
gotten this one this was Mary spritz
Miss Mary spritz Smith yeah but it smell
it Oh
boo laughs it's really good this is why
bottom initially I really like that one
this is regular well it's like really
fresh just love it just essential oils
and things like that come with me to the
bathroom
oh god you don't have to do this anymore
hear that noise it's annoying when you
did that noise everyone knows you poop
you gonna do is you spray a couple
sprays in the water
that's it this sounds crazy but take a
gander at my toilet I don't know if you
can see there's like a there's like a
film over there is imagine me pooping
right I'm pooping plop the poop goes
under the water and because the smell
gets trapped under the the oils please
right before you go so you have to can't
spray after it's important to spray
before this is like legit one of the
funniest things I've ever bought I
bought it a long time ago and I talked
to the company and they sent me a bunch
of them because I thought it was so
funny they're hooking up the CTFxC with
so there's link down there description
the coupon code if you guys want to
check it out I don't like to do sponsors
unless they really really really like
thanks or I really believe in it or you
use them or use them because you're
legit at my house this is a little TMI
man minutes hey I like it okay seriously
I need to poop
everybody does it
yeah do you hear that noise no you don't
hear that noise no noise
come over here are you hearing things
no it's that high-pitched like I don't
anything it's cuz you suck you're a guy
well unplug this thing they go away now
they just made some delicious
seven-layer dip I want to make sure this
is seven one two three four five I see
six or seven weirdo fresh I made
avocados or guacamole
then there's cheese and then there's
lettuce lettuce so I can't release it
later
wait guys if you guys were worried about
Marlene Zoe with her stomach and all the
watermelon they were totally fine in
fact I've never seen them who is oh no
you don't trust me no I do really good
oh you do one of my hands if you let me
do it on your hand start from the very
top chart and go all that
I have a fuzz on there soothe us got the
fuzz off the finger it's looking a
little rough not that one
I said the pinky you can barely see it
pretty huh there's watermelon all over
this damn from camera this morning when
I tried what she means to mr. diesel
she'd get all the balls fancy I'm just
kidding one hand one foot on it ronzo
iran though he's protecting us what the
rain just protecting us from the rains
the evil reign in the Hurricanes that's
really bad
oh the hammock Internet I say this a lot
but seriously this is the best thing
you've ever told us to buy
hammock comes with slapping girlfriends
thunder position so we found out if you
take a dryer sheet from laundry and put
it on the dogs and take the static off
it kind of helps them with the stat the
Thunder position smell good
so he trust me you don't want to go
outside right now is that scary when we
go outside bevor ich away the fear that
scary it's a bad that's obscuring right
this how you conquer your fears guys
head on unless they're spiders then
death alright guys this is Logan from
American pride he's the guy who actually
sold me this thing he's putting me
giving me hooking me up with a signature
steering wheel this is yours right
that's mine this is your signature right
there that your sheet covers coming in
yeah it's a seat cover coming in a
custom ignition so that way no one can
steal my golf cart so thanks to Logan I
and a badass new freakin oh my god it's
so nice so most I don't know if you guys
know this most golf carts the ignitions
are all universal but this one is
actually now only custom this one so I
don't have to worry about somebody
hijacking my golf cart also speaking
something really funny remember the
other day we've said that we lost
Zoey Marley's uh leashes they were back
here the whole time
idiot now he's got backups we're gonna
make homemade calzones
healthy cows out
take some chess doughnuts no I don't
want that we don't want to be the one we
don't want to healthy for healthy
doughnuts glad we got the bigger ones
this wouldn't that is fun how about the
penis squash find one out there the same
way I did
always hitting me
thank you for the pickles thanks for the
pickles yeah we're looking for the
pickles funniest thing we can game in
the world dogs you have a piece of my
heart get it be the heart piece of my
heart for you slapping all day that's
all I get you're just loving me all day
that's all I get you're so cute the
slapping is permitted so I'm just like a
slo-mo slap videos on YouTube and Ali
thought we should try one
then I volunteered I volunteered as
tribute yeah kiss it every time it's bad
I do a good one one just think I just
ran over it
oh good though after that little
slapping contest I'm going to enjoy my
freakin calzone and watch the movie for
all today right tomorrow is the day so
tomorrow is the day the girls finally
meet diesel anyway don't forget to
subscribe you guys are brand new
definitely because tomorrow is the big
day so when you Marlee finally get to
meet diesel so I'll see you guys
tomorrow
