Oh
Bros let's go let's do this start the
day come on get up
come on wake up
you guys gave me an idea for today so
I'll see if they can get it though
you guys sell giant watermelon sell at
your store or just watermelon like the
actual watermelon that I cut up or
anything like that so today we're gonna
make a watermelon bomb this is all
because of you guys that was very
important rubber bands to get 500 rubber
bands that might be enough to glow for
watermelon so I'm gonna be nice
surprising boyfriend and get some more
jellies in the house you get a lead more
jellybeans
all right go get some watermelon
Jesus it obviously the only place that
has a whole watermelon has to be the
freakin whole food store so I have to
pay extraordinary amounts of money for
something I'm going to blow up
hopefully it blows up something I saw on
the internet so called to tumeric to
stuff I'm apparently a red that would
kill cancer cells didn't hurt so like I
said I saw this when I woke up I got
really sad for Ali because I know she
likes them so much so I got in like two
and a half pounds of jelly beans that
Marley beans and after when the best
part is like half of these are the sour
ones
Marleen let's go get exercise come on
dude get lazier and lazier let's go get
exercise let's do this
look at the eye
so by the way how do you guys think my
nose Shave November beard they kind of
coming in pretty good
Felix is probably one of the better ones
actually I don't know if you guys know
this I've been taking a photo every
single day for the past two years of my
face and like my documents around the
world and stuff like that I did one of
one year and I've already done two years
I'm thinking I don't know what I want to
do the next video I think I might want
to do it at four or five years but
definitely December first I will upload
in the vlogs like a little montage of my
beard growing in November I look like a
freaking chia pet they're cleaning it up
your thing whatever makes it explodes
cleaning it up do whoever makes it
explode I don't want to be over there
doing that
I'm not gonna do this oh rubber bands go
together
Blainey and so is this no get him away
we tried the CD thing that failed this
better not fail so I'm gonna Walmart
because these stupid things are too
small and we're getting a lot more
rubber bands ready yeah that would
explode
oh I love that always does probably you
are neurotic
I bet you that would work it's my it
really super tight know what unless
you're the Hulk you are the home things
is enough we're looking for tarp now I
was like this is looking really bad
getting rubber bands a tarp duct tape
now we gotta get an axe no battery
battery it's a battery acid got to do
like Heisenberg I got two zip ties red
flag no that's probably all normal for
Walmart do definitely don't want to be
on Ali's dad she knows what to get know
where to get it alright so I get a tough
though leads to cover most of the
freaking garage think this might work
didn't awesome slipping the slide
safety first
this is actually the mask where I got
shot when I got a hundred thousand
subscribers that actually is the gun up
there those are both the guns yeah
I told you Marley was worth it thank God
got the tarp song would say this is what
it looks like when it watermelon
explodes that was good
give the good pieces figure everyone's
eating watermelon all right after this
you guys are done you have stomach aches
feel like this is one of the coolest
things we wrote down on the wall that's
for sure
I think so Oh
you started
a lot of watermelon in there
alright guys well it looks like the
camera is a little bit sticky thinking
screw the camera I hope you guys enjoyed
their little science project today
please don't try that at home
and if you do though you didn't hear
from me month free no seizures high five
high five little one
thank you I will see you guys tomorrow
as always don't forget to subscribe you
guys brand new and yes the beanies are
still on CT likes the most calm so I
will see you guys tomorrow as always
also if you guys have any other little
like science projects like that please
tell us in the comments or on Twitter
because that was a lot of fun I that was
freaking awesome I never would have
thought rubber bands in a watermelon
have a great and I guess doodles bye
guys
you
