good morning Internet hold on that's how
you properly start to pay you guys want
to pick up ladies excuse me ma'am store
he works anyway we're going to the Fresh
Market today didn't even know what
existed sorry the farmers market didn't
even know existed out we found it still
means she got me up super early which is
good I need to get up early want to get
a turn up yeah yeah for a guy who's name
who's name who's his name I'll kick his
ass
I want that they're fresh watermelon
forget watermelon
we should get billed as a cucumber
there's a weird cucumber we're getting
sucked into everything I just get sucked
into some cold pressed juice Ali keeps
trying to
does obviously go with the fudge this is
cool
this is why you gotta wake up early
Charles things aren't happening
I think it's distractive ending as the
gloom some shiny new some smelly
you're so cute you're so distracted by
everything and it's cool
we found pineapples ups getting he found
watermelons
they're fun
getting filler cucumber and I have to
get a watermelon that freaking love
water - smile it'd be goofy it'd be
goofy happy right now so dangerous so
dangerous be in my home without change
or us I love doing this every time I see
one of these surviving Busta Rhymes so
we talk to this lady and she was telling
us about elk ears handlers they shed
them naturally they don't kill them or
anything like that and what it is it's
like a toothbrush
Marlee pick that up
Hey pick that up
you pick it up pick it up all right I'll
pick it up have you such a dick anyway a
little saying there's like a way for the
dogs to brush their teeth and say all
natural and healthy does that juice good
ginger ginger yup this is ginger
lemonade mmm that ginger just kicks
you're a little bit later so Zoey's out
there still brushing her teeth
I think Marley finally figured out that
it was good for so if she stopped so go
this thing he's good for me I'm not
gonna do this anymore
perfect little secret here your butt so
hurt
she's far this your pants ears and I
love that yeah you have two eyebrows now
dick no Phil just comes over and starts
working out on my door okay see some
people see as an exit other people see
it as an opportunity or an entry to
another world or time time travel
already I'm Melissa right now we're
gonna play a video game I'm gonna
smokeless on a video game she say okay
no I'm comfortable I'm not getting up
you sound like a frequency that an old
person here you know like how they
always say like at a frequency that
certain people don't hear anymore do you
think that's obnoxious so like everyone
here
so we're trying to get Ali moving a
little bit better and like walking so
her sore tailbone feels a little bit
better cuz next week I don't know if you
guys know this but we're both going to
the tri-state playlist live I guess it's
in Jersey or said New York but I think I
forgot to tell you guys I think I'm
gonna be doing a couple panels on that
so that should be a lot of fun actually
the first playlist they've ever done up
in the north because they usually do it
our land oh my home state oh internet
who else is going to playlist me hey
doofus doofus lift your leg up
here such idiots sometimes and we just
found out that it's going to be like
20-some degrees and Ali hears something
funny about Ali she's never seen snow
before the first time hopefully it snows
but it's also the first time Ali's gonna
experience no cuz you're from Florida I
think it is worth at speaking about cold
weather the CTFxC beanies are still
available I know I've got a couple of
people tweeting about those yes if you
go to CTFxC merch or how did Jessica
dork calm thanks to Danny thanks Danny
you can pick up your beanies we have
like four colors still available so go
check those out and get ready for the
nice cold weather cuz apparently it's
going to be like the cold vortex it's
like the coldest is gonna be for a long
time or you pick up one of the new
hoodies that we released Ali and I both
there's over our own hoodies just
recently so we're finally getting our
own hoodies yeah they do every time I
try to get a hoodie of myself you guys
get them before I do because of course
the funny things happen again when the
camera's not rolling they were running
around
I let Marley off the leash and my cloud
over by Zoey literally just plowed over
gun we're on the panthers gonna get you
I feel like it's a hyper every time you
do that so easy to trick she's not
paying attention
Oh
you have arrived at your destination
thank you for driving with the very
cherry
thank you thank you now this is gonna
sound stupid but honestly looking
forward to this all day know you up to
haven't you check it out more this is
what you like so much
you figure out how to eat that thing
figure it out it good for me open up
cut it get focus focus focus Marley
focus right here well fine
screw you dude I'm getting this all by
myself Oh scratch marks you go loves
watermelon so this is probably a really
silly question I just wanted to ask you
guys if anyone else does this like if
you're watching a movie on TV you're
watching it and you own the movie but
you still are just like lazy and you
just watch all the commercials still
like I could literally go over there and
get the movie and put it in there and
avoid all the commercials but I don't
it's such a stupid thing
I don't know why I do it I feel like
there's got to be at least another
person out there that does the same
thing
so Ali went to see me to hang out with
her sister to have a nice little girls
night and I managed to get out of that
so I can play some pinball I don't know
how you guys just love hanging out here
so they're having a nice little girls
night and I guess we're having a
relaxing where we have a doggie night
bitches night what do you want to call
it their funeral dogs for those who
don't know this is like the one thing I
wanted as a kid I always wanted this
thing I spent so much money at the
arcade on The Simpsons pinball machine
and so when I got older and had a place
to put it and I found it the first thing
I wanted to get one of those childhood
dreams
I guess play the golf cart Oh son of a
bitch
doesn't mean I'm good at it stop
perfecting it
well internet I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video everyone's kind of passing
out right now the only asleep actually I
was we were talking about earlier don't
forget to check out CTFxC eMERCOM
you can check out the new beanies and
hoodies if you pick those up to warm
your noggin in your body area for this
winter and I will see you guys tomorrow
as always oh and one other thing if you
guys are brand new don't forget to click
that little subscribe button it keeps
keeps the CTFxC growing this community
of Awesomeness so have a great night
guys
doodles
you
