so do we need to take you a therapist
all that anger no need to take it out on
the radish no need what am i doing with
my life you stay away from my radish
Spotify they have any choose the song
pumpkin spice latte hey let me let me
order for you know cuz I don't know if I
want that can I please have a grande de
studying with a brother nonfat pumpkin
spice latte yeah I think a nice all new
ab cream on that please hey you guys
know coffee and cookie time here you go
he goes okay take care of that there's
something in there right ready no dummy
are you kidding
good taco what doctor you are come on
birds follow me I have chips chips for
all the birds row come over here I know
you're probably not supposed to do that
that's weird like doing stuff like that
always makes really happy birds birds
did they saw it and I will leave Domo
birds find the freaking thanksgiving
dinner i just gave you at their
attention now silly birds
do it just do it you're lucky I like
that Beatles song otherwise blackbirds
would scare the crap out of me all right
I'll leave you alone enjoy your welcome
to your silly little birds you lucky
this brings me enjoyment I've had the
birds they will never starve again I've
had the birds too
trying to hide your bun baby
you own a conehead right now because of
the fun that's what you look like anyone
seen that movie Coneheads that's what we
should watch I haven't watched that in
forever Coneheads you guys have never
seen Coneheads weirdest movie ever but
funniest movie ever come in I've ever
that's funny heading back to the house
and we got a nice little full house back
there in a full car Marley what's wrong
mark hey are you all right wrong ok so
today we're taking tyson back to my
grandma to my mom's house is his
grandma's house if Ali's not so butter
we're gonna play dodgeball but that
dodge ball kickball we don't play
kickball today random I'm so out of it
right now shake it shake shake shake you
love me
Thunderdome he'll drop Canfield nice
since it's better than any dog you've
ever seen in the car so I think I'm bad
luck what because I'm really a little
bit going to
everyone every lightning games on a
cocktail wrestling you've lost it lost
well that's stopped going because easy
I want to go at love them maybe I think
I'm just like mentally like give this
goofy come on bro get out the car want a
house house doors right there come let's
go oh you're jealous there now you still
don't want to get out come on yeah today
is one of those days were just you don't
think you can't quite wake up you
knowing everything just makes you sleepy
I think it's cuz of the weather is
getting colder I can only imagine if I
was up north were six knowing all the
time that it would just be sane for me
to actually be productive anyway so I'm
gonna walk the dogs then when it'll play
kickball with Phil and Melissa figure
out is still a little bit but her but
she hates on insanity but she's a little
bit but hurt still but I think we're
gonna play some kickball with the GoPro
my head I play kickball since I was
probably and so we actually kind of fun
well guys let's do a little jog gotta
get warmed up for this gun a little jog
gonna get warmed up some dodgeball game
kickball game gonna keep doing that
barbar good luck out in the woods watch
our coyotes in Black Panthers Panthers
forget that
what various nope you took the long took
too long train to leaving this is gonna
train you morally not to jump off the
freaking golf cart anymore see you later
see you later going 20 miles an hour
damn she can all I can run 20 miles an
hour this is why this is my tactic the
ring contain come on bro here good
blowed up fun get up there seriously yep
are you gonna jump off again doing the
lesson tough love guys tough love so it
is my rookie year or my rookie game
what's the team name big kicks we be
slangin Alys Alley someone hurt can you
do this you're butthurt so we can play
some kickball haven't done this since I
was like 10 we should all take a moment
just look at my outfit right now jeans
and running shoes you will steal
something for sure I'm gonna steal some
bases you're butthurt I'm sure you don't
play
you would in the comments how bad am I
gonna do be honest you get two cargo
pants no pockets here and packets on the
inside straight teen mom I'm gonna ready
luck where's I stark contrast to this we
had Twinkies and star crunch right we
get sopapillas so that was Charles first
time actually playing kickball you
didn't do too bad however they got the
team knows so now yellow wassup I got
you out I used to play second base
shortstop and first base and catch her
as a kid and stop playing catcher
because my knees kind of goofed up
second base was my favorite centerfield
was pretty fun too so I am not playing
because I slipped and fell norm I Tobin
you know the whole story but I have to
say it's pretty awesome being in the
stands watching everybody can see it but
he'll just ran like the wind it's like a
gallivanting horse
feel like we should do this every Friday
what you guys think tell me the comments
feel okay good job you did so good so
I'm trying to catch char an action on
his side of the field Wow I'll be honest
guys I'm what I'm doing right now
I'm already can you believe it it's like
riding a bike and your skinny jeans yeah
good friday he's representing all the
rockers out there skinny jeans a
kickball it's amazing you should make a
song about I don't know which camera to
stare into so I'm just glad most almost
was the difference it just helped you oh
thank you you're on you're on both
trippy channel I don't want to be on
CTFxC where's the mail channel no wonder
some really cool I've gone this whole
night without my phone the entire night
I left my phone I want to say on purpose
but it was totally by accident at home
are you proud of me I'm Patti because
you have no way of getting back home
without us that was the first time I
actually could play kickball since I was
probably elementary school maybe riddle
school I honestly can't remember to be
completely honest but it was a lot of
fun in the comments right now I want you
guys to tell me your favorite childhood
game like one of my favorite ones would
you guys remember the one with a giant
like parachute and you lift it up and
then you run in get the balls and you
come back out everyone else do that one
or is it just my school my own
background the whole time I apologize
okay hey class all right guys don't
forget to subscribe because a brand-new
and I will see you guys tomorrow as
always kudos
you
