and she doesn't want to be able on
anymore good mornings oh she's got hair
on her face here is we blonde on blonde
who dad your heads too tiny why does
nobody love me what what do you want to
say now oh yeah speak what's your deal
happy Halloween everyone
it's Ally's favorite favorite holiday
that's a good point
I said carving or blowing up more
pumpkins I'll use her talent to paint
them instead have these glow-in-the-dark
ones don't Sookie
oh and yesterday obviously I'm assuming
watch yes face video where we exploded
the pumpkin into the rubber bands
I forgot to clean up yesterday because I
didn't forget I want to go clean it up
in the sprinklers started and everything
got wet and I did not want to go deal
with that so anyone need rubber bands or
some pumpkin guts how he adjusted
everything so to make it more spooky
those are still my favorite does it
really
I know candy does tomorrow last year our
first road trips we took we went to it
was Asheville North Carolina and we went
in basically one here it was always this
year was in January we took the dogs to
see snow for the first time and they
loved it so much hey see so I think what
we're gonna do is going to try to do it
again this year but not we're gonna try
to go to the end of the year is what I'm
trying to say so we have to get the dogs
some some sweaters because they were
freezing and Diesel's Snoopy jacket is
just he looks a little goofy in it so we
got again some nice stuff so we got them
some stuff so they're nice and warm
Alton we also have a funny idea for a
Halloween that we're gonna do we have to
see if they have it look at this is like
the hurricane there's nothing here we're
gonna have so we have to get a storage
unit for all your Halloween stuff just
when you think Ali's done she's not this
cat loves to come outside this is the
web
things are getting spooky around here
more
Oh duck down you got talk boy down
you're on my head but that's cool
so I'm full of ideas I'm usually not so
good at having Halloween ideas since we
have all these pumpkins that are broken
I thought since you know it's gonna go
in the garbage anyway why don't we just
throw it out in the front of the yard
because then it just looks like a bunch
of rotting pumpkins see what I mean
use everything you destroy actually I
got I'll just say it's don't Channel
honey what a throw a few in here and
hope we get some pumpkins someone's got
a girl alright so I had an idea since we
still have all these and I have all
these and I have that let's just try to
actually grow a pumpkin so Martha's been
cold the last couple days and we found
this awesome little I think it's a lamb
I think she's a lamb I think it is and
then this bro man they got a bro dog
over there it does
he's always got the pink one where it's
hers you guys are getting all ready for
the snow trip huh what are you doing
mark she's looking like call the police
oh my gosh the Sheep says all right we
just had this idea I think I saw I don't
know where I saw it but thought it'd be
really funny to put the dogs and their
yellow raincoats and attach little red
balloons like their little Georgie's and
take a photo Marley or the ranch she
hates blue ants Marley come on there's
cheese no she's right there she ran away
because of the balloon I'll sacrifice it
for the cheese come on Georgie
this is probably the best thing we've
ever done in our life come on Marv let's
go come on okay come on boy
let's go all right this has got to be
one of the funniest things I think we've
ever done
marlis this not happening all right guys
you guys looks like Diesel's wearing a
blouse he does look like a clown I
stepped in dog poo try yours good job on
a one to ten scale ten being the cutest
thing one being that kid at all what do
you guys think that was that was
probably one of the best outfits
quite good him yeah so here's the best
one it's so funny do you want that off I
just had another awesome idea so I was
thinking this is our like raincoats and
people don't probably know when they're
walking up that their dog raincoats
sounds weird that we should just leave
it outside I was gonna put it on a post
so as a single red balloon on a yellow
little rain jacket out there for
decorations another one of my genius
ideas I'm getting into it this year this
is what you call improv last-minute
improv so let me just take you guys
around
I think we did way better this year than
last year I think honestly like we
should just have the thing on the ground
like he's been already kidnapped or
clowned napped so I think that looks
creepier right there or that Jesus
Christ honey so I think we're finally
all set up I was doing final touches
added a little Bluetooth speaker in
there they can even creepier
so Ally's already finding out that kids
are already circling and coming two
times what is that's like what do you do
do you give them twice I feel like you
have to but otherwise like whatever it's
just like five-second candy but I mean
that's weird do a survey what would you
guys do in this situation we just you
like screw it you know whatever it's
Halloween or would you kind of be like
no no no no also I have another
important question ally and I were
trying to figure out how old is too old
to go trick-or-treating I feel like if
you have a costume in a mask you can be
as old as you want I should try to do it
one day and just the steam every next
year I'm just making goofy the masks you
just see if I can get some candy bring
the candy back and put in our bucket
also son of a bitch Danny he went above
me I got a run eight miles right now so
this is my month so far I got so far
it's over with I ran a hundred and 1.2
miles in 31 days I guess it is that's my
death
that's my definite best I'm just totally
getting taken advantage of I always like
just give him a couple each you know
that she goes in to go go to the
bathroom or something like that so I'm
in charge and I didn't know how I was
like starting to panic I'm so simple and
stupid that I was like having a nervous
breakdown
anyway but it's gonna say was I was like
you know just what kind of you like you
know allowing them to point it out and
then I would give them the candy but
instead they reach in they grabbed it
all and I'm just like you can't say no
totally kept taking
we're gonna have such a bad headache and
stomach ache no you can't just have bags
of cab buckets this already halfway gone
do I need to get another bag no geez
actually you wanna grab that other bag
let's try cuz I'm eating off
okay so there's Stay Puft Marshmallow
Man and Ghostbusters theme there's
another one oh she's figuring it out
excuse me ma'am ma'am ma'am excuse me
good turnout bucket is now empty that is
a lot of candy gone yeah that's like 15
pounds of candy ally was so excited
because there's a person that came last
year and was like oh my god this is my
favorite house alright so we gotta clean
up then we gotta bail before more kids
see that we have no more candy we can't
get tricked I think the best quarter of
the day quarter than a lumberjack I hope
you enjoyed today's video I hope you had
a good Halloween great great a spooky
ookey my question for you guys in the
comments I want you to tell Ally and
myself what you were would you dress up
for Halloween and I have one what's your
what is your favorite part about
Halloween is it like the actual
trick-or-treating part is it dressing up
is seeing houses decorated that type of
thing like I want to know what do you
like the best about Halloween and I want
to know what you wore anyway I'll see
you guys tomorrow as always have a great
night but
