morning Internet do that gotta switch
where's the switch
the fuck Ali Ali you're such a taking
advantage the fact that I sleep heavy I
was gonna say good morning him and brush
my teeth like a normal person but that's
on my head I don't know if you guys are
ever heavy sleepers but I told Ali that
once and this is what she does like less
tomorrow
routledge seriously did I not wake up
the entire time look at me look at me in
the eyes look you mean the eyes did I
wake up at all I didn't wake up at all
the entire time you putting rubber bands
in my freaking head I didn't wake up at
all ha no yeah you should have I hid the
evidence what are these you were to put
these in there the hell are those bobby
pins and that didn't work so you found
where'd you find rubber bands truce no
truce I'm gonna get you back to this and
you let it happen and you let it happen
hey yeah you did
right he deserves it bullshit
I'm more afraid the fact that I didn't
wake up the entire time fuck how do I
get it out do just pull them out why is
it hurt
the Superfly look at it Coolio
I look like Coolio already had hair as
walked through the battle of death take
a look at my life we realize there's
nothing left
I've been blessing and laugh for so long
that even my mother thinks that my mind
is gone but I do know that I dare to do
it you just opened up freakin candle
water work I gotta get out of here go to
work I go to work get out of here how do
I get this out and get out of the shower
he's wearing his head my protector you
sure you're protected yeah
they got a got a haircut mmm come on
Sodor
okay I have to hand it to her that was
pretty good nose pretty smart nobody's
in here
she is gonna get it everyone felt bad
about the jellybeans I felt bad about
the jellybeans no longer do I feel bad
about the damn jellybeans barley stopped
rolling in that I'm gonna kick your butt
I'm not in the mood right now begun all
of them come on asshole
so Allie said my phone my alarm on my
phone and put this in the oven and told
me to wake up like an apology for
messing with my hair pumpkin bread mmm I
know right she can mess with my heritage
much as she wants she's gonna do this
all the time alright guys so we just got
one of the best games for exercising
since we're trying to get healthy it's
called shape up and I'm gonna show you
what he can do in the comments below
tell me if you think I always go in or
if I'm gonna win basically it uses the
Kinect so we actually get in the game
alright let's do this
you
oh that game is called shape up I want
to say thank you to Ubisoft for sending
that game to us that was a lot of fun
now I need to go either drink a gallon
of water everyone do me a favor in the
description go check out the trailer and
tell them the CTFxC sent you if you only
guess the size we like videogames
check out shape up it's only for the
Xbox one I know I feel so guilty cuz we
were originally gonna go walk in the
park in that alley I got sucked into
video games so they were like oh I'm
sorry
digging up door look at that the elusive
Zoe and Marty very rare in these parts
get back on this golf cart get back on
this golf cart you especially Oh Ally is
making we're making mushroom spinach
pizza no you cannot have this so lets
chef Ally cook okay staying healthy guys
I know it's really annoying when people
do the whole food porn crap but I just
have to show you this this is freaking
unbelievable look good-looking
cauliflower mashed potatoes chicken with
a spinach or mushrooms
freaking chef Ali if this how the day
ends you can bring my hair any day well
it might sleep we have a new rule Marley
is not allowed in the kitchen while
we're cooking until we're done and then
she gets unlimited foraging alright
Marley unlimited foraging now stud dog
don't do it ready it's called one two
three down ok good so one two three what
is if I trick you take jellybeans fire
is bad is it crazy like when cavemen
tried to discover fire and now we
haven't just said a freaking a switch
you can buy it at the 99-cent you all
right a pack of four isn't it crazy to
think about these inventions your Hammer
pants
alright Internet it's time to go to bed
as you can see I'm preparing this time
so I don't get a nice little Coolio curl
I hope you guys enjoyed today's video
and I wouldn't have to hand it to you it
was a pretty good comeback pretty good
right I'm surprised I'm still surprised
I didn't wake up your dumb dumb anyway
don't forget to subscribe you guys ran
out have a great night
