orly come hide Marley Zoey
oh my god I handed Tarrant Oh for the
children for the worst part of that
whole joke is that I didn't get to scare
you
you heard me freaking squealing oh god I
hate ants it was really funny is that
one of the things people freaked out
about are lizards and red ants when we
come to Florida it's something that I've
lived with my entire life so it's kind
of weird
jump thank you they make your butt feel
better okay I used to do this too as a
kid will you try to run underneath I try
to get high get high I was afraid
I'm not as agile and small as I used to
be that's the best part about being a
kid when you fall down you're so close
to the ground it doesn't hurt
here's six feet tall how's your leg not
touching house like little kids supposed
to do this they start pushing him and
they just leave the day fine be living
our childhood be like come on guys let's
go
time to get some exercise get a haircut
huh you're actually being the good one
come on Zoe noter come on okay
go tally then totally just left me I
think she likes her new nickname yeah is
that yours can I not touch it I'm afraid
you're gonna eat my finger if I do this
you're just so sweet you could touch it
I'll share they're just so cute so it's
about time for me to get a haircut as
you can tell it's freaking I can't
believe how long my hair is this all my
sides I can do a comb-over friendly
freaky sides will you hang out with me
if I had it come over like this my side
like a Donald Trump over here like a
Donald Trump wouldn't hang out no I
so anyway we're gonna come over Charles
away open no these are good you just
trust me toss to me not their bark milk
that's to pay some dog poop I promised
my dryer know how do I happen rabbit
that's good luck for me to not be able
to you - super because let's see their
juicy pear or booger
Booker news fart damn does
this is what happens when I leave too
many of jellybeans can't play Missy
Elliott around me or Busta Rhymes smells
of my jams
that's serenade for the beautiful tank
round he's getting a little touch-up
I'll is got Dimas over there somebody
seems like we're living here now ready
get your elbow done Liz gonna do a whole
sleeve she tell you that busy secret
then you're getting somebody on your
ribcage we just talked about how like
it's so weird for me to just sit here
and not do anything and want something
out get tattooed and it seemed us to
tattooing someone else and I'm not in
the chair like it's so weird yeah I
always record I was talking to my little
friends on the Internet sorry
would you do would you do
that's justify a whole new table feels
good how's your jellybeans they're beans
they say through the magical in the more
you you better okay so I felt really
guilty about ruining Ali's gently being
something to get her some more I'm gonna
replace them because I'm a good guy my
dad after you go
the happiest girl in the world and you
do whatever you want mix them all get a
bag this is your candy store literally
get a bag but doesn't that go that's
good would you do right there's juicy
pear even putting him out yet well where
this candy came so we got the exclusive
candy cane ones Katy game ones delicious
but it's not booger booger this is a
pina colada
men take note it's a key to a woman's
heart jelly beans date night going on a
date got a hot date go hot date yeah
slow down old lady with the worst part
of the salad it's like they're ran out
of salad and just started throwing this
crap in there
it's a garage or well it's finished
that's okay go up back throw it in there
they'll never know the difference
good
as I start
I got sucked in by the little waterfall
you ma'am
them
MIT ma'am ma'am but you don't want to
pick up a little straw huh all right
Internet is time to go to bed I hope you
enjoy today's video before we go to bed
I want you guys to play a little game of
fine Marlee okay anyone find her pretty
hard I know all right guys I will see
you tomorrow hope you enjoyed today's
video don't forget to subscribe you guys
are brand new and have a good night this
would you throw
