you guys were going to walk hey hey hey
hey I get some water then we'll see if
we can find some worms or caterpillars
so apparently that worm that we saved
the other day was actually a caterpillar
it was like something called tomato Cala
pillar apparently it eats Tomatoes so I
apologize if you have a tomato field you
probably eaten your Tomatoes right now
Hey right okay ignore me he's watching
all the minnows did you guys ever do
this when you were young or old like
when you see a bunch of minnows I know
I'm gonna do it and just watch them go
after it tsylia minnows you want to try
to get him what are you staring at me
like that you judging at me for spitting
hi everybody so I am with none other
than mr. diesel and we are on our way to
the park you excited excited this is by
far his most favorite place there's a
psycho every time I bring him out here
you don't need to smell that pole I
guess that means bath time oh yeah okay
tell me how you really feel all right
all right guys I'll be right back I
gotta melt some posters after these
messages
I'll be right back and we remember that
old Nickelodeon days after these
messages I'll be right back it's kind of
weird how crap like that's six with you
whoever sticks tickley does anyone
remember six tickly this is how you mail
out posters like a badass okay see that
palm tree right in front of me I've
always thought it was so cool I kind of
feel like it should be in a dr. Seuss
book
I don't know okay so last time we're at
this park
I brought diesel and there's statues and
there's this little boy walking a dog
and he's like petrified of it so I'm
gonna see if it's gonna freak my what is
it it's great this thing so I guess he's
conquered his fear of statues he's still
got scooped it is so nice to have the
ball far back cause it's kind of weird
because I know this is gonna probably
sound kinda stupid but like not having
it this was my only way of like freedom
or being able to be a real person I
should say a real person because I can't
drive you only mean and I can't do
things you can't go anywhere right
pretty much about myself so if I want to
go somewhere I either have to walk
didn't really ride a bike or I have to
take the golf cart and when it was
broken it was pretty pretty annoying so
it is good to have this baby back so I
was reading in the Twitter comments
Twittersphere if you will about how to
get Ally back as a prank and since she
likes jelly bellys so much and she has
no idea about the double bean boozled
thing I'm gonna try get some of those
and mixing me inside the app actual good
jelly beans if you only heard things
actually finding them online so I
actually have the good ones never
release for me they're fun
but I got you a big jar of jellybeans
that's a big old jar all right so I got
some time still do you guys remember
when I fell on my face that one time
with a boiler face
this was the wall right here I'm
surprised they didn't kill myself
Phillip topic of 2126 increase didn't
think about this thing is literally two
and a half times faster than the other
golf really gonna make it so I'm here
with Jody she's helping me get Ali so
Ali it's Jody's fault
I feel like I should get a random amount
that way I could pick these out later
yeah so like that juicy pear get berry
blue and then that way they can't tell
the difference you want to actually felt
the best I never felt
steady 22 miles an hour love this thing
love this
holy crap just barely made it just got
in the house mmm the good ones just try
a random one it was a good one look Oh
bill wasn't lon
did like wheatgrass or good ones in
there for fun crappy ones on the top for
another batch of bad one couldn't even
have the olives that we're getting a bad
one close did yelling just cruel
I feel like this is kind of on the cool
side all right let's go to jellybean cam
Doyle I just got back from the gym
she's taking a shower now and naturally
you don't have to go into gym you can
watch Italy beans so see if this works
guys better not tell on me this time you
guys ever notice that every time about
us I drag something so it's parking
don't do it
well do you want to gift you all your
gift Yogi's yeah yeah why
enjoy I never had a purple one I don't
know nothing says that's a good one what
was it it's like great great this your
present I want to show everyone your
favorites so does it taste like hey
scared now did you get those gross ones
no this guy misuk poop Charles the green
yeah what is that I don't know what's
wrong with these why are you saying
they're bad I don't know but my tongue
keeps flipping them out of my mouth for
a reason it tastes like cherry
you're crazy you're good oh my god
there's so many mm-hmm
peach
yeah what's wrong with them
what is that seriously they're
jellybeans
no what is that I'll show you the back
that's so gross
you got me those gross ones I know it
all my favorite ones are gonna be the
gross ones
hey barf oh my god so gross that was so
gross that was so gross
yeah yeah lawn clippings juicy Paris
booger would you rather this or the
firecrackers no firecrackers this is
grape jelly you know assault this is the
Internet's fault I'm very upset with
Jody it's Jody it was her idea not be
friends a second I said Ali come here
she started barking trying to sell me
out again you're always selling me out
yes juice beer you have to spare again
mm-hmm oh this is my other favorite one
Kiwi just one song step one yeah I'll
see you guys tomorrow
are you still mad at me they still upset
no they ruin your pears okay all right
I will see you guys tomorrow as always
don't forget to subscribe to get a brand
new and have a great night
