good morning Internet we're on a time
machine to the airport kind of yeah or
just a man you guys want to see
something funny the iphone 6 and skinny
jeans just doesn't work the life of the
vlogger always uploading yes gulp
loading ports calm if you've always been
curious about how heavy my backpack is
seems it's one of the smallest an Air
Force had ever been literally gate gate
and that's pretty much it I thought
Sarasota a small
it's so small everyone I found him you
mean all sneaky I walked by you like
four times you'd be able jerk I can't
camouflage going home yeah hey beautiful
so I am at my sisters and her husband's
house they're actually having a
housewarming party today so there's a
meal our friends a lot of family should
be a lot of fun they have honestly one
of the best views I've ever seen hey if
you'd look out it just shows this huge
waterway it's absolutely beautiful say
hi Lincoln I feel kind of bad he's kind
of like the nephew I never had no I take
the back side you have two nephews but I
mess with them way too much come on
thinking is that go screw yourself
so I think no joke I was literally just
sitting next to George Clooney in the
sky club did you see that come on the
guy was sitting next to like by the bar
it was George Clooney
no what did Sam huh my far right I think
George ladies commercial playing of
course he does those espressos don't
like pay for everything katin comes how
embarrassing huh made it beautiful
little get up over there No done done
done so yeah pulled pork grilled or mac
and cheese yumminess there he comes
very gum
see you next time now my favorite
horrible coming back from tour this is
my favorite what what did you guys miss
me did you just an did you miss me hey
once you see what sing you guys such a
pretty voice you in such a pretty voice
and you guys such a loud voice protect
my honor from those bubbles Zoey I'm in
peril bubbles everywhere Thank You
Marley oh don't tell them the gear tell
them to get out of here oh I know you're
trying you're trying you have no idea
what you're doing what you're trying you
stink getting clean today yeah I got
Marlon kisses I got a bunny kiss
everyone was super happy that I'm home
but now I could look like a shadow of a
kind of stinky and then you're stinky
and your stinky and your stinky and
everyone's getting cleaned and then i'm
signing more posters and then the alley
should be coming over sounds like a game
plan for me it sounds like a good night
for me and then maybe we'll make pizza
sounds like a damn good night everyone's
clean including me on
including me anyone else's dog get like
super scared when you're about to give
him bath and then after they're super
peppy and happy every time I say getting
the bastards like okay then afterwards
she's like running around chasing things
don't even exist Marley you cold you
cold huh yeah oh no no oh ok what is who
this say I think she bought shrieks get
it oh my god the baby oh my gosh it hurt
you need a man I'm right here need these
guns I've been doing this for years you
just go like a nice come on don't be a
little biatch I'm worried so much bitch
this is not funny anymore
she's dropping mike i got olive juice
everywhere go on a little golf our rides
so he doesn't like the blow dryer just
how would a dryer and it's just an
excuse to drive golf cart don't tell
anyone about this how's your butt butt
still hurts look we're matching we're
matching oh my gosh oh my gosh touch her
touch hearts all right I gotta sign
these posters remember guys if you want
these posters the limited posters or the
thousands of them CTFxC merge calm say
she missed you why did you take that
better completely apart you took the
entire bed apart she's like you want
some music hey what did you have him up
are you here poppy party let me see that
bun this is it's Sunday this is a Sunday
Funday button not Sunday Funday this is
Sunday button like the former you're
like okay I'm giving up
what have you started geez celly you got
her your butt still hurts Zoey coming
for you coming for you you better run oh
sorry focus I get back to work yeah I'll
do a nice little time lapse
oh I am done with another batch and look
I just add slowly ruining this table
slowly ruining this table I'm marking it
all up there sherry marks all over this
table and we're celebrating the fact
that i'm home by a delicious awesome
pizza that actually looks frickin
awesome why do you sound so surprised
well hon you can actually cook whoa all
right well I'm done signing Ali just
finished the pizza we're gonna watch a
freaking movie and hi I'm gonna get some
rest because airplane rest is just not
enough rest are you Lindsay Lohan yeah
yeah no you're Lindsay Lohan before she
gets slutty and stupid Thanks before she
got slutty and stupid yeah I know I know
how to talk to the ladies come on go the
gun show I believe it do you I don't do
you that's the guns don't strain
yourself well I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video it's good to be home and I
will see you guys tomorrow always don't
forget to subscribe guys brand new have
a great night doodles bye guys doodles
I'm waiting for the one day Zoe just
says it and then we're all freaking
blown away she'll be like the breeze
accent
you
