good girl Zoey be very good girl okay
would your sister how are you up every
single time there's a little time I
leave in the morning
Marly always gets up you think it's
because she's being cute and like
adorable but it's just because I have
food in my hands be good don't destroy
anything in blame out Zoey okay
there emerges a hit on plan again I mean
I didn't want to put the antique phone
told me I had to why am i running
there's like no one here good afternoon
everybody I am actually on my way to
VegFest
and it's a festival based around vegan
and vegetarian based foods
so there's gonna be obviously a lot of
vendors to be a lot of fun a lot of
laughs I'm going with Melissa and fitly
so I'm excited hey buddy we're seeing a
lot of you really early but little
kiddies
one of the things I think I like best
about the trust is they have like the
adoption agencies which is cool and
they're all know kilter or no-kill
shelters docked fat guys know their own
leave my feelings away got pretty eyes
yes you do oh you're beautiful then he
gets this for you
well do you guys Belinda there's hunter
brother hunter really gotcha is real
short are you loving VegFest yes I feel
so weird in it
you look so organic so guys this is a
puppy party if we ever did a line how
many are in there
oh there's six puppies and buddy
underneath that's what I call a puppy
party so we all have our there's the
cowboy hats let me try it out are you
trying to come with that I've never
tried on a couple head what you got
growing there nothing I just I don't
know what do you think Danny thank you
very much sir a head clean I promise all
right
but guys what's wrong hotel flip we
decided to stop it like a salvage yard
it's pretty cool
check this out old sinks awesome doors
so cool
good dig good to me
probably when the coolest fans I've ever
seen it's like it's old bike for him so
bad so you know that cowboy guy you know
so cautious of me let me trying out his
hat look at this maybe that's why he
didn't want me try it I was hat for my
own safety the heck is that
I made him do it don't hate him that's a
huge suitcase there bud three pairs of
shoes that I might wear well I'm just
I'm walking to the college take them off
so you want to sleep in one to run in
one for the airplane
one for the stage okay so we got an e
and we got Mallory driving us to the
place man II can't turn around cause
she's driving listen to college what do
you mean the place do you know the name
Northwest yeah where are we going
that just seemed like a the cruel you
guys and had that locked and loaded
I just feel like you would you'd care
about your craft you know you know we're
gonna play a show yeah it's also been in
the emails Josh by the way
whoa
no cool feride my boat it's fine I got
Greek canoe out back don't mind the
holes we just got done with VegFest and
then going to I guess I was like a metal
scrap yard it was amazing
both of them were actually biggest thing
it was really interesting finding out
what you know being vegan is all about
and exactly what being vegetarian is all
about so I really liked that some of the
things I feel like we're at an acquired
taste
I have to be honest I really like
chicken so I don't know if I'd be one of
the people that can actually you know
hold true to being a vegetarian ever in
my life or being a vegan ever in my life
but you know it was really informative
really cool things that I liked though
about it and I've so you guys probably
know this is that I am obsessed with
dogs and there were so many rescues
there everything not just puppies not
just dogs they had bird rescues in Cat
Rescue say had farm animal rescues
everything if you want to get an animal
adopt I think it's amazing to go ahead
and adopt there's so many cute amazing
people animals out there that you need
homes and you know they might be a
little bit older but they're still
amazing a lot of fun I had a lot of fun
with Melissa and Phil and James their
trip that's what we try and do is like
trying to go and see these like you know
really unique local festivals or events
that are going on in the area because
honestly it's it's really interesting
what you'll find I recommend getting out
finding new things to do you know an
area around you wait in Rome
we're Kansas
and this was a great pause in the city
right I Kansas I'm sorry everyone's
yelled at me twice I don't think I've
showed you guys freaking band we're
driving right now I've already done one
of these I'll do it again though sorry I
only roll tandem with Charles look I
found the prop Department
oh this has got to be from you know
Aladdin
it's a Latin right Charles Frohman look
this prehistoric thing so I completely
forgot to tell you guys on November it
was November 7th right if you guys have
been wondering what Holly's been I've
been waiting to talk to you guys about
this guy waited for him to tweet about
it but on November 7th Holly and Monica
became parents to Elliott Jan oh there
he is right there well and then there
was one nerd rock entertaining the
masses so I just checked out my air drop
and I noticed Danny has his on so I'm
gonna mess with him right now
all right so then we gonna send this see
if he gets it they get my message
there's sort of looks like everyday guys
Charles comes up and ask me hey look is
this backwards no this is right at broad
shoulders I mean ugly woman appreciate
Charles because he is because I'm going
all out are some beating this to
constrict my thighs
that is too funny
come here Danny no David come here baby
looking for everything all of you find a
Chewbacca costume I call Shotgun
I can't get this thing off now so I'm
playing the role of Jenny javis get to
play the role of Travis and we're
preparing him for the wedding oh this is
so small that guy got this idea since
colon couldn't be here
and you just left me that we were just
gonna put this next to our school he's
good
somebody wants to meet you trav I know
does that Coley's for the day yeah there
we go got Coley with us
oh there we go there we go are you my
party Fred
all right Internet Danny's got a Taco
Bell is the end of the night I hope you
guys enjoyed it tomorrow we got an early
day again flying in the air hope you
guys enjoy today's video it was a blast
and I will see you guys tomorrow as
always have a good night
you
