good morning Internet so as you can see
we are puppy-sitting right now and I had
this clever idea of doing pool roulette
so Ali and I have to do
paper-rock-scissors the loser has to
jump in the pool as as is yes that's why
I just said that I just said that
already
I believe you probably pit so I didn't
have to all tilde Wow
Tyson you want to play gently awaiting
the verdict if is going with bull Harley
are you going in the pool so are you
gonna do another person gets to push
them in that was
how's that feel please she's dream is to
me doesn't mean we're at 0-0 no want me
to do a little recap of what you did you
in the past week yeah firecrackers on
the door no memory on the pathway could
pass someone shot at me with a gun like
a ball done use here the Atome coming
home yeah get the dodgeball which wasn't
too bathtub and I got you back a little
bun push me in a pool but that was a
little bit before at this one
I feel team Charles is kicking some butt
right now though are you just wait
Ralph Ally is going to be released
what's those orange ones needed damn
business
so like an idiot with a whole little
situation when the paper rock scissors I
was supposed to put the waterproof
backing on the GoPro forgot again it's
the second time there's only so many
times I could say they poked my brain
but they poked my brain gotta get this
switched out got the warranty I'm sorry
just stupidity I think it's stupidity
but you're cute
I am cute okay I'm adorable
good okay those are socks
I thought she lost as you saw hi Melissa
Melissa Lowe's been giving Ali hard time
ever since you pulled push me in the
damn pool go go go go we gotta get some
pillows right
hello's the fun one Ali says pillows pil
low:11 it's pillow pillow killers
killers that doesn't feel comfy oh
that's hard as rap what makes you think
this company you like that one this tall
as you it's almost as tall as you
it's an alley pillow what's his name
King
I think that look that was nice big guys
square do we really have fun is if we
had like an impromptu pillow fight
I put these back so they don't make the
GoPro threes anymore so I just paid the
difference and bam that means higher
quality for you guys one more GoPro for
me to bring not really I was not my mom
that wasn't your fault that was totally
my fault
whether or not you pushed me in it was I
completely forgot the face I'm just
gonna lose
thank you was ice - er - god I knew I
was gonna lose do you know when I
started out with no okay good
I started out I had to a sister Nevada
start with one they start out with or
obviously another alternative so there's
a paper I'm not gonna tell you have you
ever played in rock paper scissors
Valley she always throws scissors just
like a piece a butt is so much cooler
can't like throw rock real cool Jamie
looks bad okay like oh it's kind of fun
little Paper Scissors rock doctor looks
at kids now watch when you turn down
that rock everyone's gonna think doubled
every was a great option everyone's
gonna double think I when I thrown rocks
what are you doing up but are you
supposed to do Boulder haha
you know sometimes I just talk and
what's in my head so she does
that's why I put the warning you didn't
listen I'm sorry come back to the house
and we have this hula game just like
make it ourself at home
and this hooligan nervous you're
supposed to hit the ball I hear if you
jump you break it
you broke my pinball machine function it
scratch me wake up nope you broke my
machine use me sir
I think Marley's rubbing off on you a
little too much here he just got up
there like he owned the plan oh okay
oh you so cute on top of the couch
you're not a tiny dog don't tell him I
don't think we showed you guys what his
mom got us for our costume we didn't
wear because we didn't had time you want
to model it yes how to like go to the
thrift store find exactly what you need
you're probably and I end up wearing
that later pearls Ashley got char this
would've probably helped so much to tell
I'm from oh honey honey hi woman honey a
look at your bath oh you look so good oh
my god
silky voice honey I don't know I think
the beanie makes it mean oh by the way
guys
be nice they came out today there's one
few Steamies CTFxC mursaat come they're
out finally whoo-hoo I know I know you
love being with I do especially like him
because like I didn't want to buy more
you're awesome
I'd rather just wear my own so go get
him this for different colors guys so
you get one two three or four or five or
six or seven or eight I can't well you
can be like Charles and just get
duplicates on the same color that's why
I do I kind of like black be nice to
make it funny because I have like 16 of
these I get him on tours I don't like
doing laundry you know that I know this
is how good my mom is have a shopping
though so I was like right mom I need
the quintessential grandmother's sweater
so Oh
Kobe know what you know what I learned
recently uh girls sweaters or jackets
buns on the Left boys are on the right
they're sure useless information for the
day you guys know that all right so now
I'm getting back in the healthy both
like Warped Tour mode can I please take
over you can take your take over look
what turn is wearing to work out exactly
what what he's taking this very
seriously
I will applaud him though because he is
wearing his tennis shoes I all said that
I'm just gonna say look pretty shiny
clean look in a match dun-dun-duh up or
fight you mm-hmm Chloe Internet I just
sort of edit this video and I just saw
the part that Ali the beginning of the
video where you guys saw it yes we're
going to go so she had the whole plan to
push me in the pool the whole frickin
time
solutely all right guys as you can see
I'm over here because you want to let
you guys know that the newbies are
finally out I know you guys are going to
love them you guys been asking for a
long time as you can tell I've been
wearing them for a very long time so
make sure you go to CTFxC merch calm
pick up yours you get one two three four
Ali's been freaking annoying me trying
to get that red one so anyway I go to
CTFxC merge calm go pick up your beanie
and warm your heads I'll see you guys
tomorrow I got a little bit now because
I have a flight at 6:00 a.m. all right
guys have a great night toodles
bye
