hello Internet so I'm making a house
call right now for my mom's computer
that thing that we spent hours doing
it's not connecting at home right now so
look at I'm still in my pajamas right
now should go to a psychic I'll go to a
psychic even in the morning you look
beautiful
excuse me guard dogs did we ever tell
the internet how I got gizmo I said I
found her behind Walmart but we didn't -
think I'm ready to go
hey can I go with you guys and remember
guys I don't do service calls for
everybody not even know for you but look
at this she gave me another CDR so we
could try the bubble thing again he'll
work I am making some hot chocolate that
Charles brought back from Canada when
you went to buffer fest I'm pretty
excited it'll smell scary right now I'm
pretty excited and it's complete my
favorite things about it being cold is
that I get to drink hot chocolate so
yesterday was a total fail so we're
gonna try it again
forever don't play the fire today
Marley's got to go into the vet cuz she
was peeing around the house as you guys
saw the other day over at the paper
plate that's the key thing yeah I have
to catch Marley's pee right now so we
can take it in so I have a paper
marli defeat the piece natural Oh Marley
and there she goes a little silly dog
with three legs at least he didn't catch
that you have to be problem the grass I
don't know don't deal with it I want to
go turn on the frickin iPhone and I come
out look at this jerk so Ally is just
propositioned me with an awesome deal
you want to explain it
here's a summary I can't be on any
electronic device for one hour anything
like the camera did anything for one
hour and if I win I could do anything
embarrassing on the the video if she
can't complain so fast it has to do it
so I have to go off the camera right now
are you doing out well it looks like
we're seeing each other a little sooner
because this one tricked me you tricked
me
Ally's like how to use the phone I don't
know how to get to where we need to go
I'm having issues how to get to where we
need to go how do we do it show me this
so I had to touch the phone to show her
mmm such a dick
technically I really want because I
would have still now I'm using camera
she sipped I lost it was like so we have
to take Marlee look at this
taken barley to the vet and I got a bag
of piss get that away from me Marlon you
need to drink more water it's a little
too yellow not very hydrated you wanna
stay here do it what's up with your lip
you could say I'm just taking this one
even now they can show here so we just
got out of the vet Marley's fine she's
being a little brat from the steroids
but she's fine
the vet gave her this for Zoi Mahalo hey
cuz they know he has her Simpsons fans
like me Zoe
let me see it looking snazzy who's your
favorite Simpsons character Mar they
want yours she's this like go
yourself Ali is teaching my dad her ways
of jelly beans where's this one aligned
if I want did do it no then do it at all
I think the Internet's lots of liars
it's not going very far let's do this
everyone's just gonna chill it's gonna
be a lazy cart ride okay you guys are
the cutest little simpsons fans ever how
beautiful is this guy tonight you're
like on camera it's like really not
doing it justice but it looks
you guys Oh bless you bless you I don't
know if I ever introduce you guys to
Tiger you know lo but Tiger is our big
fat cats he's a little bit husky for a
kitty but he's cute
he's a little cute yeah I know I'm sorry
you're not husky yeah you're cute that's
alright we'll leave you again you look
in the wood yeah you don't want to go
out here you can pamper she's not
listening again so I just found this
somehow I have some sort of official
dodgeball I have no idea how this
happened I was coming back to the house
that means indoor dodgeball time dug
ball and you're three seconds to run
who's like the best thing ever feel like
sorry we played all of them we are and
this is why you don't play dodgeball in
the house
I give up wait so I won no dress if
you're waving the white flag all right
if you can close your eyes and hit me
you win okay you in check my Twitter and
it looks like my good little friend
Danny started a little prank war against
me oh so nice little domain buddy so
this just gonna get worse and worse I
feel like you brought a knife to a
gunfight bud I like it yeah it's gonna
be a fun little prank this is gonna get
worse and worse I think so if you
completely confused I'm sure a lot of
you guys are Danny bought the website
how to look like a dork and redirected
it to the CTFxC merch page so if Danny
wants open a nice little prank war I'm
totally game I talked to Go Daddy
I bought a website living with genital
warts dot-com and it redirects to DL V's
website the YouTube channel so if you
actually go to living with genital warts
com it takes you to youtube.com slash
Danny Duncan sorry Danny and to make
this even more fun I talked to GoDaddy
they're going to sponsor this little
prank war
all right so step one go to godaddy.com
you see where it says search for a
domain type in the domain this is what
Danny either they kill me
living with genital wharfs com search
domain make sure it's available oh my
god is available okay so then hit
continue
add the card say it says $12.99 what
does that could be $12.99 for you guys
it's gonna be a dollar ninety-nine so
they hit continue to cart
I guess so this is super important part
so pay attention and I leave just my
camera so when you're reviewing the
order
select the term like how many years you
guys want it if you're doing a little
prank I suggest this one year and as you
can see 13 17 so you scroll down a
little bit and it says have promo code
and you guys do type C T f XC hit apply
and then watch this price drops of 217 I
am this is a small price to pay a bit
play a prank on somebody I think so now
the beautiful thing about this whole
little prank war is that you can use
this to get your friends your family
members to get Danny or myself or if
you're a little bit more mature than
Danny of them myself which I'm sure a
lot of you guys are you can use this as
an opportunity to get your own land on
the internet sale and I feel like
getting your domain on the Internet it's
kind of like getting a land plot you
know in the real life so you can get
your name like I have Charles Trippy
calm and you use this as an opportunity
to get your own plot on the internet and
then you could redirect it to your you
know YouTube channel or something like
that to make it look a little more
professional that's if you're more
mature if you're not the mature type you
can use this as a prank which is even
better pause this video right now go
make a domain redirect it somewhere then
come back here don't need unpause yet
because I want you to in the comments
the posts your domain name that you just
got and I want to see who's got the
funniest one and then your job as CTFxC
viewers is a thumb up the ones that you
think are the funniest this is gonna be
good and don't forget to check out
living with genital warts com
sorry Danny
you
