good morning Internet I forgot today is
day like that exam so I got an extra
hour so I'll be right back Marley it's
cold out you gotta go pick out a sweater
today
come on bar go pick out a sweater dad
tomorrow you're going to the back to
check out that foot what's going on with
you come here Zoey so you're wearing a
scarf today
there you go Marv no she likes this one
no no the green one one of these purple
ones as always so you want to wear a
suit are you ready to take on the winner
Ali really decked you out huh come on
let's go check it out that's what hi
everybody
if you're exploring in you know exactly
what I'm buying for right now it is
pulling out and it feels awesome
it's beanie weather I'm so excited now I
can wear a beanie and I'm actually not
getting made fun of I hope you guys had
an amazing Halloween mine was so much
fun
I weigh Indy character I hope you guys
liked it I was really excited about
showing you guys I'm actually really
glad that Charles Gunn - character -
because Halloween is by far my most
favorite holiday I really like to go all
out and I'm really excited that he went
all out with me but I hope you guys
liked it honestly I could probably do
that every day oh here's another thing
have you guys been checking out the moon
lately yesterday we were pulling into
Charles garage and it looked amazing and
then last night I went outside and I
thought it looked so awesome little
things you know it's those little things
that
you don't really recognize everyday or
you tend to overlook and we take for
granted but I don't know if it's gonna
be like that today I haven't seen it out
but if you do it is awesome it's
definitely something you want to check
out little things you know it's these
little things that you don't really
recognize everyday or you tend to
overlook and we take for granted but I
don't know if it's gonna be like that
today I haven't seen it out but if you
do it is awesome it's definitely
something you want to check out so I'm
on bar computer over so I can help fix
it and I'm the most clean person when it
comes to my desktop like there's
literally probably three things on my
desktop right now ya know this it's all
lined up I'm still trading my mom how to
like clean this strange before I go you
realize I want to go I'm just like right
now all right this is what we're doing
first and I'll bill you later much
cleaner this will be your reminder hi
Lola
Heidi pie lowly I'm so pretty and when
you who's a spaz can I have your pop oh
thank you you're such a good girl can I
have your pop oh oh you're so good at
least for now this will always remember
now you always remember he couldn't keep
this clean I can't do with you remember
to keep it clean it's the end pointing
exactly where you need to keep it clean
hours later we just finally finished my
mom's computer and the only thing she
can focus on is the Frog well you
remember everything else I think so I
can never be a tech I would just drive I
would literally take things and just
throw it into lakes and it's freezing
here and I am in shorts flip-flops and a
shirt a fancy shirt
it's freaking a cold you guys like my
beanie
eight degrees 58 purported Florida
that's really cool River all yesterday I
was talking about making the new beanies
well this is the style that we're gonna
make you guys want to see the designs
you guys want to see them I am as you
can tell they're super clean nice and
simple I like clean designs like that so
that way I can wear it myself and very
similar to this because these are like
my favorite beanies of all time so I
figured might as well make some CTFxC
internet kill towels and beanies that
way you guys can have some warm heads
too it is not time yet so the other day
somebody sent me this video right here
as you can see on the screen and I
thought to myself of course I have to
try that but the problem is I have no
idea if I have any CDRs so I've been
sitting here searching throughout my
entire closet and can't seem to find any
it's funny those used to be so prevalent
everywhere CDRs and DVD RS now they're
just used as coasters everything is is
so digital can use one somewhere in
there pretty much as old as like having
a VHS speaking of VHS I need to get
around to like converting some of those
so I can do some more CTFxC flashbacks I
have all these from when our parents
were vlogging like 30 years ago
well found one found one except one says
I gotta get the stupid data off
something I did learn recently is that
CDs like the data it's not at the bottom
so if you scratch the bottom it doesn't
really matter the data of a CD like
stuff like that is actually on the top
part like the layers at the top this
that's what I was told I could be
completely making that up right now
all right I'm gonna try like this Wow
actually gonna work the kids you get the
bowl weird thing damn it
son of a bitch got the work once totally
work last one well it's kind of a fail
or take two this time closer to some
ventilation look I've been doing a lot
of those do not try it at home things
they weren't feel like about getting it
hot enough fire is such an interesting
thing like it already existed in the
world you I mean simply this doesn't
work oh look his back
I just told about the beanies so I was
like beanie whether those it perfect so
he needs a beanie
we should make dog beanies bevy she
looks like Bill Murray in that movie
we bargain I'm tired
thank God are you filming we're just
think that up this is supposed to be a
sour one that I have think it's not sour
coconut pi√±a colada or something like
that
this one it's toasted marshmallow this
one is green apple it's not about ally
right now she has a stupid talent I'm
knowing every flavor of jelly bellys
this is bubblegum this is watermelon
bite into it watch what happens no bite
into it don't buy the lovely bite into
it
look watermelon I know those things it's
all can I draw leave this on so people
know the little life that I had to live
with you all the Big Dipper in your face
there was a little dipper okay you just
drew a penis in you we actually did the
constellation yep no please baby you see
that that's trust going after my god
that's trust going out the window now
you realize whatever you do to me I'm
doing to you oh you're sleeping are you
playing tic-tac-toe my face do you go
center nope Center top center I'm not
done yet I didn't go go faster on the
Nexus I won look look anyone see right
there take oh you guys so know I am an
artist
I don't know what how I deal with this
and I just want to show you a little bit
of my drawings for this evening you know
what's funny is 20 minutes ago you said
you were taking a shower I am well some
of this is not good for the internet
because it's it's not Dunn's incomplete
but I do have the Big Dipper right there
you do have the teddy bear right below
the right side of the eye
Charles has mentioned he's always wanted
a teddy bear tattoo on his face that I
granted his wish he told me that he felt
his eyelashes did not do him justice so
I have gone ahead and extended his
eyelashes thank you very much and he has
always told me that he's completely
jealous of my nose ring mm-hmm I haven't
right before we go to bed we're gonna
have our nice little snack of watermelon
deliciousness and Ali's making watch
another scary movie of the purpose was
called the purge right what's not to
hell the internet that I picked out a
scary movie no no no no anyway don't
forget to subscribe you guys are brand
new and I will see you guys tomorrow as
always do this you took quick toodles
she's dying over there all right I'll
see you tomorrow
oh yes
you
