we've got a pardon for routine routine
maintenance so I ran out the door I had
to run right back the clock 55Â° the
world I don't know I gotta get some
clothes we're now realizing like Ellie's
mask oh and that was Marley eating cat
food that was my question next guys do
cats have cat sweaters because chunky
over here need to show you what she just
did I know she just did it you were very
quiet chunky your squirrel jacket on
really yeah you weren't quiet about it I
don't want to be sneaky next time
obviously a couple days ago ally and I
harvested our own this is actually pure
honey Oh concentrate this is the stuff
that Ally and I both harvested the other
day with Josh and Harris honey and I
haven't got the try it yet I've been
I've been like kind of holding off
because it just looks so pretty but I
gotta try it just because I was looking
at all these syrup so we get even though
even the fancy stuff and it's all like
not concentrated but it's all watered
down like there's there's always a
little bit of water even in the pure
honey it was just kind of disappointing
it's actually kind of exciting for me
because obviously I've never done this
before
just figure out a hope in it because I
did the beeswax to seal it soon as
definitely you know or like I said I
want to try to start doing things that
we don't normally do or things that I
always wondered the houses are made
basically like that show how things are
paid I want to start doing our self that
want to do a surfboard van told you guys
yesterday you know
oh you a chorus girl idiot alright guys
never mind the cooks this is from Ali's
bachelorette party
and it's dad this is the only one you
have out there this now it's stuck
between his legs got really weird really
early in the video wow that is unlike
anything I've ever had
mmm ever thought you'd start the video
watching me eat a waffle all right there
you go Marv this one's way cooler hey
get your head up so you can be all super
cool
you look teenage angst and it actually
fits you how many years ago was like two
or three years we're three years I was
just say - so - you know cuz we were in
Sarasota still so had a man okay so it
was like 2015 ally and I did that
challenge where you get a watermelon see
how many will have rubber bands regular
advantage you can put on it until it
explodes and I just recently saw all my
friends and legendary shots do it and I
didn't know you could do with a pumpkin
and make sense so I would try with a
pumpkin today more chocolate
that's just an excuse great they don't
know pumpkins and I didn't think you
could do with a pumpkin but it makes
sense you know I've got a hard grind and
that's hollow inside
how he's getting the free samples we're
trying to find like a bulk of rubber
bands obvious reasons and I saw that
they still sell these things the DVD
ours and CDRs and they are double use
and are minuses I'd actually never knew
the difference between those but I just
thought that was kind of funny I don't
remember the last time actually burned a
DVD or a CD
can you that's actually I saw the other
day I'm not even kidding I saw a mini
disc you guys remember that like I think
it became popular with the whole men in
black I think was men in black too many
this became really popular or first time
in public I should say it's actually
kind of funny I didn't think about this
Halloween's tomorrow
there's no pumpkins anywhere
it's got a letter a good friend the
magician Thomas you know the guy who's
always showing all of us the magic
tricks just says uh a a Halloween card
and that's yeah he just got a full of
the way Thomas I'm gonna kill you
but he said $25 appellees that still
does not make the fact that you glitter
bother me any better what I'm gonna do I
would save this when we hang out that's
what we do I thought it was gonna be
like I mean I love the glitter in there
it's really awesome but I had to feel
like I was like aw man I just want all
this glitter to pop up into Charles fate
but he figured it out when he yeah I
kind of laughed a little bit a couple
open it up
Peter hood
that's all thick this thing was forever
that's 367 of these 367 rubber bands we
literally chose the thickest he's like
that one's not gonna be thick at all to
be fine I thought because it was very
alive
you want to eat em pumpkin best parts we
have pumpkin seeds everywhere maybe
without pumpkins holy carp I just
thought that was never gonna happen we
can make pumpkin stuff out there good
well guys that was our pumpkin challenge
this is crazy I have no idea how it
finally got through this I thought I was
gonna take another 400 all of a sudden
you started hearing that see how Ally
ran away let's watch that again I think
she's gone
the thing about I would recommend doing
this with a watermelon oh I guess we
just got instantly a giant rubber band
ball Wow look at that
they're so good yeah
thank God you only have one more bag
left it's official guys we are now
switching to heat in this house it's
official when the dogs and the kitten
start freaking shivering it's time right
dee
there you go kitty do they have kitten
sweaters by the way alright let's go for
a walk yesterday when we were driving
back from I guess it was just our walk
with the pups we notice that there's a
street it's an Old North East that were
it is they go completely balls to the
wall with Halloween decorations so I
brought this and I'm gonna get some cool
shots hopefully
Rikka we're gonna get along just well if
you continue to like the Simpsons
because that's what they're doing
welcome to the family Rica I wish you
got did she just go kidnap Bart Simpson
there she goes
well I feel like today he's been afraid
I'm sorry I'm watching The Simpsons a
pretty accomplished day I got to blow
you all right there though
you got this she can totally get up
there but she just does this and like
wants me to help her there you go
you're just lazy that's what it is kiddo
Rica somebody's not cold anymore and
there she goes there she goes
there's your dosa Rica the silly cat is
still think it's so funny that you can't
find her sometimes when she's in here
she literally blends in perfectly
okay stay connected the internet getting
so big because they had as oh it's such
a good girl everyone's got their jacket
wait I'm probably not oh good girl I
thought you did something bad
she likes to go in there and eat the cat
food but I brought it up today up just
fast anyway guys I hope you enjoyed
today's video don't forget to subscribe
and when you go out tonight for
trick-or-treat please please be safe I
will see you guys tomorrow
have a great night good luck tomorrow
