good morning Internet it is time to put
away on freakin old man oh my god I just
realized that makeup on still the socks
I got you I want to clean those gnomes
and flamingos are actually BFFs and you
threw them telegrams
I won't clean them for I put them on
feet why anyway we're putting a wear a
costume if you guys did not see what our
costume was go watch our Halloween video
yesterday we fooled like the entire st.
Pete downtown are you cold
this is how I found her I don't know how
you did that
I freaking love this golf cart so
remember how last time I was always
guesstimating like if I was ill I
completely lose my battery get me stuck
or stranded somewhere
Florida is now starting to be awesome
more awesome things like 65 right now
Nicole I just taught the dftba
and we really seen beanies for the first
time ever this coming week not exactly
sure what day yet but obviously watching
Twitter definitely will you know I think
I might be Wednesday but releasing the
first beanies ever I haven't ever
released beanies before but that's like
the number one thing you guys always ask
for so we're doing it
brand new beanies coming out this week
well for a nice little stroll guys yes
Marla's got a little outfit on because
getting cold
she's the snazziest biatch in all the
land that was like I think that was like
the first time I ever really dressed up
for Halloween like that I kind of dress
up and I never go fallout and the
funniest part Ali I think I've never
have never seen somebody goes full-out
as Ali people were genuinely looking at
us like these people hold are they just
leaving nope I think what we're gonna do
is we're gonna have an old person day
and we're just gonna dress up like that
and do the whole vlog that day if you
guys want us to
you know he left you
that's what you get for not paying
attention are you want to scare Zoey
again care Zoey don't end this thing
tight do this thing better than Zoey
right now
boo got again it's so pretty
say that like if you guys did not know
this if take a 9-volt battery and do
watch dude everyone and you don't know
about actually do not try this at home
my dad did this when I was little he was
like I can't tell if his batteries like
dead or not he's like put on the tip of
your tongue
they like shocks you that's right I'm
scared doesn't that look beautiful
Thanks think of it as a lollipop it's
not a lollipop okay I like Lloyd I think
a sucker punch love just so good on
batteries I'm afraid see why would I
want to do that right I'm scared
two three I had to watch it I'm so
scared why this is Gary but if you do
it's a fun trick to play on somebody
just don't do it
that's it just don't do it but if you do
it's funny
exactly
hi we're here for specific things right
now and this is a baby job not the baby
job do I embarrass you
all right stick your pretty little nose
up and see if we can start smelling it
until you find these things if you have
no idea what we're talking about the
cinnamon brooms
cry stinks in the world she said there
was two left get both those we're sold
out now isn't that awesome
that's crazy crazy thing is it looks
even cooler in person I want to walk on
it it doesn't even look real
how is that just so crazy I love it I
know when you kind of step back and look
at something like that that you can take
McCraney of it like that's a planet
remember guys that's where I'm gonna be
one day you guys didn't know that's
actually why I got this tattoo is
because I wanted to be an astronaut when
I was little that's not gonna happen
astronauts grow up to be vloggers
bloggers know to be astronauts then we
have Birds we're burnt so how dogs turn
into birds
smooth be here good boy here we go
can you guys go sleep on one of the
other million pillows and beds there's
two um I saw the circuit breaker oh it's
not plugged in that's half your fault
do not try this at home
did this works
all right Internet so it is a new month
and that means a new audiobook for our
little book club the CTFxC book club
that we've kind of started and asked you
guys on Twitter which audible book we
should listen to this month and hands
down you guys suggested grace helbig's
Grace's guide book the art of being the
art of pretending to be grown up I
believe is what it's called so just go
to audible.com CTFxC that's the URL we
can go there you can download that book
or any other book for free which is
awesome no one who hates free stuff lu8
free stuff i love she's kidding she
hates free stuff so she doesn't get it
it's just for you guys if you guys don't
know what I'm talking about
audible.com is a service we can download
audiobooks you can listen to them on
your phone your computer your android
device if you have that or your iPhone
whichever one you know that way there's
not a war out there the best part is I
personally like them in the car so since
I don't drive at banal is driving around
like my little chauffeur I could just
listen to audiobooks is completely in
the ignore huh are you talking to me
because I'm ignoring you just like yours
Touche Touche this is a book I'm talking
about and the best part about this is
that actually grace is actually
narrating it you know play a little
section actually listen to that's all
you guys get so if you guys want to get
this book or any other books go to
audible.com CTFxC as you guys know they
are a sponsor of the CTFxC and i feel
like in the past few months we started
this official unofficial CTFxC book club
so far we've done we did the jaws book
last month and then we did the Maze
Runner then we did the Jon Stewart book
then we did Jim Gaffigan book I mean
there's a ton of these things on there
everyone at audible put your hand up and
everyone at CTFxC everyone watching this
video put their hand up and we're gonna
high-five our computers together okay
one two three
see that we brought the internet
together
I have to call you back who's calling
you at this hour
do I have to beat him up so I got them
to price-match some super fast SD cards
so I never miss a thing in the logs and
it turned around and I'm losing that and
I had no idea where I would like there's
a little redhead SD card super fast
Bam Bam pow Thanks
what she would call me chart chart Binks
it's like a war Star Wars character ever
she's never seen Star Wars but that's
what we should watch Star Wars remember
I said just this second ago is November
1st
standing in there go Ali go Ali go Ali
go Ali go Ali go Ali you guys know I
like the party itself - water and
cranberry all right it's for girls come
here
you got monkeys things yeah there you go
fizz Monday right saturday saturday
tacos Saturday whoo losing my mind guys
by the way look how nice it looks when
it's not falling down so I bought these
dog cookies that you bake so they're
homemade dog cookies girls look mother
of God
this smell awesome you might not get
these
so I didn't have a tripod or a stand for
that time lapse so I literally had to do
this for the 10 minutes so the cookies
were baking this is what Ali found me
doing I'm losing my mind and you're the
worst part is I'm doing this and the
dogs don't even get crap like look at
those cookies oh my gosh it's so
exciting
alrighty internet before I go to bed I
just want to bother you wanted cookies
successful cookies - homemade cookie
take it take it to your bed enjoy it
Marley dental take your cookie need it
yes who said so a Marley aren't spoiled
enough anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video don't forget to subscribe
here and new and I promise to get more
information about the beanies in the
next couple days and let you guys know
but I'm thinking Wednesday we're gonna
let those go live have a great night see
you tomorrow doodles
you
