sunrise good morning Internet so today I
have to get another MRI a checkup RI I
think that anything like that I got the
vlog exporting so that way on time
always working
even then never I always working even
though I can't putting this in that
wouldn't be kind of funny if I was
actually uploading from an MRI this
thing this relax you lost the last time
you are not allowed anymore miss turns
on the back of the windshield wipers
tag-team in this vlog make sure that was
well make sure water like aha 58 percent
palmer's so close what if I wanted like
this I just realized that shaping face
so my parents are both now just
realizing that I've shaved and I've been
with you guys for at least what two
hours yeah but you've been panicking us
and I was driving and I was one I so the
guy was like you want to listen anything
like yeah just put some music on and I'm
like what kind of music I'm like no no
hard rock or whatever he puts on
Nickelback I don't go back 45 minutes
the longest I've ever had to listen to
these photographs something something
bad for their my dad's looking for
scissors and I just figured out how to
get it off
you tell him what happened earlier I
couldn't get my stupid earring off I was
in there working like 15 minutes how do
you know what they were like pliers I
have I literally had two pliers I'm like
they're like dangling from my ear trying
to do it I said no you said no I'm not I
head on backwards literally it's you and
your stress wake up sweater they're
obviously that nice sweater shameless
promotion shameless promotion anyway
just literally the puke in that bad
blood there I shouldn't breathe that in
Internet do not do this at home
so we just got good news I am now
officially off chemotherapy no more it's
nice and stable officially off yeah we
can go make pizzas it's a little panties
for yoga I get some yoga pants those
panda expands its janessa keep top are
you instagramming right now no all right
so this is April this is August this is
now it's been stable for over a year so
what we're doing is we're not going to
do chemo for a month or actually off
chemo we're gonna check it in a month
we'll come back and then we're gonna
check in two months and we're gonna keep
checking every other month and making
sure everything's good so been a long
it's been a long road but finally off
and I think I was off Decker took her
down
we have good news girls don't even ask
how this happened
this kind crisis happens no my chemo
high-five exciting day no more poison
review burn out just go repelling here
your burger bun aren't you well you've
got side for you don't tickle me
it's my truck hey you peanuts in the
trunk
get the cat ball good the cackle
you see OPI me some do you know the good
news your about the good news - I'd love
to pick chemo anymore so what does that
mean I'm sure a lot of you guys are
asking what that means everything has
been since a year since the surgery
since I started going to that doctor
everything has been laying low
controlled I guess is what they want to
call it and so what they want to do is
they wanted to do a year of chemo 12
months of chemotherapy and then after
that they want to take me off of it it's
kind of one of those things where it's
kind of like - you fingers crossed and
you just basically you just every month
you go in for an MRI and you just make
sure that everything is still the same
that nothing's growing or doing anything
bad like that so that's what we're gonna
end up doing we're gonna go back next
month then after that we're gonna go
back two months and after that we're
gonna go back six months then we go back
a year after that every six months or
three months or whatever we're
comfortable with just make sure
nothing's growing or anything like that
and if it all my hope to god everything
this is now the dormant you describe it
like a volcano although I think that
sounds a little too scary but I
understand we was talking about like you
know lays dormant I feel unbelievable
right now I mean to be completely honest
this past year has been quite a roller
coaster what does it say that just like
quite a roller coaster ups and downs for
this to be lifted off my shoulders is
quite quite amazing thing
anybody who knows anyone has been
through chemotherapy or was ban on it
luckily I've been very fortunate I
haven't had in really bad side effects
but it does take a toll on your body it
changes your mood because I mean like we
always talked about it was essentially
you're taking poison putting poison
ingesting it oh there she goes
there's no idea what she's going so what
you're looking you know regal
and this is like one of the most amazing
feelings right now I hold on I'll show
you guys something
I just saw this
what are you doing silly bug honestly I
have no idea I'm like lost for words
right now I'm like extremely extremely
happy relieved like as you could tell my
mind is like here then it's over here
that it's over here that it's like here
it's here it's here I just wanted to
kind of explain everything what this
means I mean this is incredibly positive
what this also possibly could mean it is
what we're hoping for is that every time
I have a seizure it's on chemotherapy so
hopefully without the chemotherapy the
seizures might stop so that's another
thing that we're all hoping for and
anyway just want to say thank you guys
so so freaking much for standing by and
give me so much love and support because
it's been a trying year two years when
did this start happening 2012 two years
definitely could not have done it
without the love and support of you guys
because me talking right now it's a nice
way for me to vent you guys I kind of
like my therapist but you guys haven't
been charging me and hopefully you guys
are gonna bill me later celebratory
watermelon yeah hey don't do it by
yourself I even have to I don't even
have to tell her to do it so obviously
man
I would go rest a little earlier I feel
like today is a nice celebratory day and
I just want to say thank you guys so so
freaky much for all the freaking love
and support because it's been an
interesting ride with this chemotherapy
and I'm glad to have it off my shoulders
especially because tomorrow and get the
Sierra Halloween costumes
oh he's put me excited the show did you
show them no I have not showed you guys
yet happy I cut it out I wanted to show
you guys yesterday but I thought I was
like no I'm gonna cut it out I'm going
to show you guys tomorrow
so get ready for tomorrow you can see
our awesome Halloween customs don't ruin
it it's okay
see you guys tomorrow don't forget to
subscribe you guys are brand new have a
great night doodles toodles
