so Ali's hanging out with Kaitlyn right
now and I totally have an awesome idea
now see if this consists out first it
involves fireworks do not try this at
home unless you're an adult
still offensively hey I was wondering do
you guys carry those like little
fireworks when you have like it's like a
little firecracker and then as a string
on both sides and then you pull them and
make pop yeah that are like Joker's or
whatever they're called okay they have
them now I'm gonna slow down the
groundwork
I gotta film some stuff this evening so
can you let me know when you're coming
home or about to pull in the house so
that way I can just like shut the dogs
up and I could hit stop on the recording
button
call me when you're pulling into the
neighborhood or something like that okay
but now I feel like a jerk oh my gosh
it's gonna be so funny
okay now I gotta get the supplies shiet
burden our freaking law again do you see
it she sees them Sorry Sorry
who you diese hello hi Brooke hey hey
hey
good morning wait what are you doing are
you honey come on
thank you bar over here oh my god baby
guy I didn't okay okay oh okay all right
all right boom go outside you want to go
tie these are you only go tie
they're crazy so as you can see I get my
accomplice again me
I'm pulling her in all these pranks I
can't go anywhere the golf cart doesn't
go this far
there are you okay it's time for zombie
makeup hmm what to get so if this gives
you guys any idea what our Halloween
costume may or may not be here it is
okay quick glimpse Charles may kill me
well that guy was awesome he just gave
me a huge handful of him for free he's
like ahh take them this is going to be a
good day go good good day oh my gosh
40-count
oh yeah let's go on back come on let's
go uh yeah I know
I love it just what are you did I will
mimic a dummy in the camera oh my
goodness oh my goodness communicable are
you loser on Kane there lizard diesel
you know the sad part is is he actually
never catches them
hey just aren't you the bushes and runs
to the flowers and pretty much destroys
everything come here
hey and he doesn't listen to me either
you guys remember in college where I
used to do this to pretty much every one
of my roommates the string and then you
put up tire this string where you tape
this to something take that to something
when you open it it was try it no grab
one don't be a wimp I'm driving you're
not driving now don't be a wimp I'll do
it don't make me do it
I got a New Yorker right next to me that
beep what is that beep sorry we're from
New York by the way we're allowed to say
that had to kind of refrain today from
showing you guys all the things that I
was getting for our Halloween costume
because I feel like if I did then you'd
really already know what we're gonna do
and we kind of want to keep it a secret
up until Halloween but I can tell you
this I think it's gonna be pretty funny
charts gonna look hilarious I'm gonna
look hilarious
I hope actually I really hope we do
LeClair's actually I hope we can pull
off what we're trying to actually
accomplish but I think it'll turn out
pretty well you think it's gonna turn
out well huh yeah okay I think that's it
yes all right hit the panic button
minute that's not it is that a panic the
red buttons usually pan hold it doesn't
panic gotta hold it everybody panic to
get it I get my bright lights on it's
turn the back ones on now I don't have
turned on by hold on what what are you
doing no it's okay I think it's off
maybe it's up send it off high-five my
bright lights on sorry you just look
blinding that tiny little metro got my
duct tape yeah my little booby traps
think I'm just going to do this and I'm
gonna put the GoPro I think right here
or something like that and hope it works
just called a like she's still at dinner
so I have some time right now all right
let's do a test
all right so she's gonna come the door
Brooke that's bad that's bad
I can't happen what can I do I'm screwed
down I can't happen
take two it worked it worked Zoe if this
works she's going to kill me Oh paranoid
that it's not gonna like stick like I'm
afraid it's just gonna pull right
through the tape so what do you guys
think in the comments you think is gonna
work walk in the door so I don't
actually go through it that would suck
if I completely forgot about it and I
came through it
so the anticipation is killing me
waiting for Ali come back to the house I
know the anticipation is killing you too
if Zoey know how to use a cell phone or
totally tell Ali right now anyway so
no-shave November is coming up literally
in like a few days and I don't know if
you guys know but every year I dunno
Shave November and it gets pretty grisly
this year Harry's Harry's calm is going
to be sponsoring the CTFxC an awesome
company that provides you with brilliant
shaving gear razors creams everything
basically can eat or want to shave your
face and make yourself look awesomely
sexy in the best part is they do this at
a cheap value so they are sponsoring the
CTFxC I figured you know what we're
waiting is just right dad shaved his
mustache I might as well shave my beard
that way you literally have a clean
start for no-shave November and they're
going to giving you guys five dollars
off so if you guys go to harrys.com and
go through the checkout process and
we're says apply code type CTFxC and
it'll give you five dollars off free
shipping all that cool stuff you got
your shave cream get your little holster
get your nice little handle you got your
nice blades baby face Charles is coming
right now I don't know if you guys know
but most tattoo people when they have
sleeves they shave their arms so that
way their hair doesn't hinder their
tattoos and actually I shave this arm I
don't know if you guys have ever told up
I don't know if you guys are ever been
able to tell and I didn't do it my
tattoo would be pretty dull so this is
actually really good now I can actually
show you my tattoo without using Ali's
razors chase the Sun
hello Internet
my dad gets rid of his mustache I put it
right back on so again I want to say
thank you to our buddies over at Harry's
calm
I don't like open up the CTFxC with a $5
coupon for all so let me start off
no-shave November the proper way so if
you guys want to get your discounted
shake it links down there in the
description like I said you'll be
delivered right to your door for free
and then that way you'll look all snazzy
like me all right so I just got a
notification I think Ali's coming home
right now that was a good one right yeah
yeah I don't know what do you think of
pop boy to make me feel like baby face
away from me
you know what I really want to do Oh
what is that it's a bait oh yeah this is
what she does she makes me feel terrible
and then she does something like that it
was cute silly would you bring me
what I don't get what get what would you
get me I know who you are who are you
who are you baby face I have to go to
bed cuz tomorrow like five or six in the
morning you have to wake up because I
have another MRI not gonna lie I hate
those things always makes me really
nervous
we guys take baby face Charles with
bearded Charles as always I will see you
guys tomorrow
don't forget subscribe you guys are
brand new have a wonderful night bye
guys doodles
you
