they see us rollin they hatin patrolling
there trying to get just riding dirty
trying to catch us riding dirty trying
to catch us riding dirty trying to catch
us riding dirty good morning Internet I
have not had candy for breakfast I took
the trash out I've looked over of it oh
yeah without that golf cart
I completely forgot we got a new one
closed
the rough one
we've got a golf cart right in a while
we have get the name it though
the alligators the road they'll be out
one day hopefully by the time we're done
how we be at the house okay
well you better move this one watches
you she sees you when you're sleeping he
knows when you're awake you wanna stay
off alright don't chase us yeah chase us
she doesn't realize how fast this thing
is Sodor
it's tough don't leave me don't leave me
all right we're coming up on squirrel
Valley I think they're all hibernating
Marley for the winter I don't see any
judgment road like a long time ago this
is called squirrel Valley in the Rio is
the squirrel here here here and here
and my legs just go from one tree to
tree through the tree come on guys let's
go side little do they know why exactly
they're going outside alleys here just
in time for the dreaded nail clippings
come on come here
Ally's rubbing her ears and she didn't
notice I always got the magic touch
apparently she all she does is this
rubber eight years and she was even
notice check this out this is what Ally
got the other day the best fruit snacks
on the planet if you're a 90s or 80s kid
or 90s kid a let's play a game
who gets the most white white shark
bites you guys ever do that when you're
in school you'd have would you wear them
like me can shark bite the white one the
great white ones like the most coveted
one you trade like three blue ones for
one shark bite from what one white one I
look what do you want Internet who do
you things that get more white shark
bites totally gonna be me that's like
your default guilty face I swear I was
fun was like extra muscle to me
everybody came out of your mom like you
get I came to Alton I got to oh my god
yeah Wow count you got six I got eight
and yeah more shark bites I got a horse
mouth like this Hey
yeah venti nonfat pumpkin spice latte
yes please no thank you thank you thank
you for much
can I get a pumpkin spice latte pumpkin
spice latte please
all right let's do this okay we can
there's big as your hands
there's your hands as well see Ali is a
brunette so goofy hands down you're more
beautiful as a blonde so we're gonna try
to be captain and stewardess I don't see
it's too big yeah look at your little
wings but they don't have the way this
is the unexpected fall as opposed to the
expected fall we can just go be the guy
from V for Vendetta
Natalie Portman good ball cock you could
do a ball cap it's so creepy you know
it's funny
so you know Sabri got a big face doesn't
fit you know nothing ever fits right all
right
mmm kiss mmm my closets baby Darla good
you like you think I'm gonna be a silver
fox whoa I'm older and now a Justin
Bieber cut it kind of isn't Justin
Bieber cut isn't it the hell's going
over the world so much hair is this what
we're gonna look like horrible I got
some butterscotch cookies candies for
you Walter play the game Ally's gonna
say everything it completely exaggerated
what's your favorite type of animal Matt
Dowd
what's your favorite type of car if you
were to visit anything anywhere in the
world where you're gonna go favorite
color I love green same tone but you're
just yelling it now all right so as you
can see we're kind of excited because we
got what's your favorite movie of all
time he's yelling yeah I don't feel
would be a nice thing either hey I feel
like the smaller ones hurt all right -
Charles go hug this cactus feel like the
smaller ones like these are the ones I
heard the Oh God sort of a bit that
really just happen hold myself in the
mirror that my hair's been like this the
entire day I don't see any laser
pointers either
I do that one
I really want the laser pointer I won't
play with Zoey with it but there's no
laser pointer in there it's garbage not
even an animal
this is Bowie I got to go pack it - I
think they're all melted horseshit
that's my newt that's how a new phrase
now guys oh shit
I wanted a frog I just wanted a frog to
like throw like that tree frog comes
outside bitch you again and then my
girlfriend I gotta go pack it - I think
they're all melted
I wanted a bleep frog I just wanted a
frog to like throw like an empty truck
it was outside bitch you again and then
my goofy from creepy might develop a
disease by opening this yeah I don't
know if I want to open it all do you
think those are look at it look at it
it's like a big pink snack all are you
doing
Oh
did it go into trash cans no come on we
could show them what you bought today
yeah I'm gonna come I'm gonna show Ali
takes Halloween very seriously yes and I
figured that out yet I'm following you
Zoey where'd you want to go what do you
wanna go sorry Ali and I thought it'd be
kinda nice do little strands of lights
we're gonna dangle over now you want to
go straight with it oh no actually yeah
you want to kind of you want to make
that part like right here
circumference of the dangle is equal or
perpetually circumference of exactly
we're getting there Hippolyte everywhere
now so it's not so spooky we have made
light what you guys think I like it
we are just slightly short to go back I
like it
middle of our project looks nice
security she's just doing security
tomorrow I have a surprise for Ali and
I'm not telling her she's striving her
crazy tomorrow morning we're waking up
super early and we are going to the
surprise place hey more I mean go car
keys you get five or done we're done
video you gotta ruin your day you're
gonna ruin this ride
we're gonna go bud it is tight we're
gonna play with a unicorn that's exactly
what we're gonna do it is time to go to
bed I'm not gonna answer any more of her
questions that's exactly what we're
doing
we're gonna go on a corn maze that's why
I'm trying to keep this giant thing a
secret so we can go on a corn maze it is
time to go to bed no more guessing no
we're you know we're guessing what we
get done we're done
no more and it's time to go to bed guys
don't forget the sign posters the limit
is I'm signing 1,000 of the signed
posters if you want to get those see
galaxies merge sicom and tomorrow will
be the surprise for Ally are you ready
I'm scared it's scared by the way how do
you guys like the new intro I want to
shout out to Brett for making that Thank
You Brett alright now it's time to go to
bed don't forget to subscribe because
brand new and have a great night
