surprise we're at an airport what is
that for an apple I imagine why don't
you just sell the Apple all this home
there's my phones still not getting my
free call it sags in yet with that's a
bad Photoshop right there is what DNA
night do in the morning we critique
things look at this guy Chuck of you
know shape November's going up so get
ready for no no shaving so bearded
Charles is coming yeah throw beard -
okay it's like sandpaper it's going good
morning everyone I am actually getting
ready to go pick up Charles from the
airport he gets a little bit not really
sure what we're gonna do today I think
we're going to maybe go and get some of
our Halloween costumes which I'm kind of
hoping that we will because we need to
narrow it down I have an idea of what I
want to be he's not really set on what
he wants to be anymore
but I'm gonna try and get him to sway my
way we'll see the thing I'm really
excited about is tonight we are going to
the yellow car concert I'm so excited I
can't wait to see well I can't wait to
see Shawn say hi say good morning good
morning Gary I got on and I met this guy
yes recognize him kind of funny cuz we
all got upgraded and poured tea fair got
back in was he 45 that back up see 106
be she came up she was like I used the
three guys and their poor friend didn't
get upgraded oh my gosh she what kind of
drink does he want and I'm like you know
what I don't know just give him one of
those plastic airlines you know the pins
that did the you one time on your back
for years I didn't want to sound like I
was really touched by everything
yeah it's wings on a plane yeah uncle
Danny get your gift yeah yeah the girl
hand right yeah I thought she just did
it cuz you know a little kid pack they
give out hugs with Trevor guy does a
little care package along with vodka and
a bantha banana I'm a new thing every
time Trevor flies with us I'm gonna have
something else set to all one more
flight you think I'm gonna feed you I
already fed you this morning I can't do
that and I just give you a big scoop of
peanut butter right good morning Charles
was going home
you excited the same way that these
little gets pulling another friend card
he didn't want to stay here so I sweat
maybe some wings
I faked your luggage and now I'm giving
you my seat and we're all high-five
hey hey good luck in use a clean look
and I got you good thing on my phone it
said Starbucks I was like ow he broke
your Starbucks promise what are you guys
doing
so chart is sleeping right now because
he's kind of catching up on all the
sleeping miss last night I thought this
would kind of be a good opportunity for
me I'm gonna talk to you guys a little
bit about myself cuz I know that I
haven't really I guess you could say
opened up I haven't really shown a lot
of my life outside of what I do at
Charles to be completely honest that's
because I'm I'm a pretty private person
despite this this is definitely
something new for me but I thought I
would tell you just a little bit about
myself
so that you kind of have a better idea
of me cuz I I know that you guys see a
lot of me that's really really goofy you
know I do have a serious side everybody
does every relationship does the nice
thing about char and I is that he makes
me so comfortable so it wears the
elephant coming from you know we have
our girls we have our happy moments we
have our boring moments sometimes it's
annoying but anyway it's back to what I
was saying before I just kind of wanted
to tell you a little bit about me and
who I am well as you know my name is
Allie spelled with an IE I'm 27 years
old I have lived in Florida my entire
life I have a dog named diesel and he is
the coolest thing he's such a goofball
obviously you guys haven't seen much of
him but he is very crazy oh it's
actually kind of hard to get him on
camera get it here that toy get that toy
no it's hard for me to tell you a lot
about myself I guess that earlier I am a
really really private person
so this has been kind of an experience
for me opening up and really feeling
comfortable I have to be on camera and
also being really comfortable enough to
allow others to judge one of my I don't
want to say it's a fear but it kind of
is a fear I don't like it when people
just like me say negative things about
me you know I always want to make it
right and I want to understand why and I
want to fix it this is the first time in
my life that I can truly truly think of
that I have come across so many people
disliking me a lot of people that don't
even know me and that's been really
really hard a lot of people have
disliked me for honestly I'm not sure
it's disheartening but I know that it's
just with the world works not everyone
is gonna like you and I think a lot of
people are disliking me because of this
situation and I just want you to know
that I'm not here to disrupt anything
and I am not here
you know let's just take a step back I
didn't even want to be on camera in the
first place because it was such a
private person and I was very nervous
about it
quit dating char kind of comes of this
territory he was very respectful of not
putting me on camera because I didn't
want to be on it
he would purposely make sure that I
wasn't in you know in the cameras way
because he knew it made me uncomfortable
but it was really stressing him out and
it was really hard for him and it was
making his job difficult which is
something that he did every single day
and so I finally decided you know what I
do want to be on camera with you because
I want to be in your life
we got squiggles okay Allie she's here
for a first show this first time in the
videos yeah say hi you know I kind of
opened up to it and
I started getting on camera and I
started meeting you guys and it's been
the coolest thing I've ever experienced
but it's scary yeah I mean it's really
really scary I know I'm not really
making sense and some things are jumping
from one place to the other but I guess
the biggest reason why I wanted to do
this was to tell everyone of that you
know I I really want to get to know
everybody and I want you guys to see my
life but I promise you I will open up
more I'm going to it's just gonna take
me some time yeah I don't know if any of
this made any sense cuz to be completely
honest if you like I'm just rambling
it's just like when you're gonna need to
know a friend or someone you know you
don't don't just say hey here's
everything you don't just release it to
them like that you know if you guys ever
are curious or you have a question and
you want to ask it you can ask us you
know and if I'm comfortable talking
about it I'll talk to you about it if
he's comfortable talking about it he'll
talk about it
I like talking to people I like people
feeling comfortable enough to be able to
talk to me ask me questions I don't hide
anything I don't have anything to hide
anyway is done with my ramble Oh another
good thing about me um not good thing
another thing you should know about me
I let me I'll wash I had like a crazy
obsession with it I love to sing and I
have the worst voice in the world
I'm kind of surprised that Charles has
not about me singing X I like it when
you call me big pop but so your hands
you would Playa anywho well we're gonna
go to the elbow prayer concert tonight
Shawn if you want just do it if you want
just you can just ask I'll sing for you
I'll just sing for Ryan if you want Phil
you want to say for haven't warmed up
but I probably could look I found oh
hello Oh
son of a bitch
you disabled my phone I found disabled
oh yes before I end the vlog that's
where I show you guys something really
really cute
don't act so cute guys anyway guys I
hope you guys enjoyed today's video and
I thought that was very courageous of
Ali having a little heart-to-heart with
the eyes very courageous of you babe
really I just
I was telling her that the Internet is
full of a lot of amazing amazing people
she just wanted to basically have that
conversation with you guys and I thought
that was awesome so I will see you guys
tomorrow as always don't forget to
subscribe and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always
you
