one two one two
dinner makeup put on a little makeup
good morning 1zu what to do I wasn't
singing Sesame down all morning I lost
my wallet guys I have my passport
he's me ma'am hey girl that's a Chicago
passport in hand it's kind of weird to
the feel like I'm going to another
country right now he's not gonna make
that mistake again
no siree Bob nothing going to smoke
actually you know or do it but I wanna
walk Theodore
fyodor too early to sleep oh there is so
fast this morning Ted the other day
we're gonna play a little game called
probably times trials in the Atlanta
Airport this month does anyone have a
number yet I think it's like six so I'm
being a good friend and retrieving Danny
stuff because he left it and I don't
want him to give it like stolen or
anything like that or you know you
didn't I'm supposed to leave stuff in
any Airport ever so never say I'm not a
good friend of my friends
I want to save you guys hey what's up
buddy also a bad reason to fly early
because the hotels are never ready for
you see that place you can make your way
around
it's your own little spot excuse me sir
gonna sit we could really speak to
people and we can lay next to each other
let's just watch the Danny
that doesn't look comfortable at all
Hotel that's a new thing
Oh taking care of the pups you being a
good babysitter of course I don't know
what it is every time I'm gonna hotel I
like to sleep the opposite way just it's
weird does any want us to have a weird
quirk like that
it's just just at hotels well at home I
sleep my head at the headrest in hotels
I sleep at the foot of the bed it's very
weird
I feel very stupid for admitting that
but that's what these videos are for all
right somewhere to take a little nap for
the show but so you guys aren't bored
let's go see what a lien everyone's
doing hanging out by the lake dreaded
Jim time no I'm kidding actually I love
it
well I am going to be heading into st.
Petersburg later and gonna be hanging
out with my sister her good friend
Claire my really good friend Savannah I
think she's gonna be heading out
actually I think that Lindsay is going
to be coming too which will be really
nice but we're gonna do a big girls
night since the boys around town
bringing Marly and Zoe with me and we're
going to kind of have a little slumber
party tonight because I know that they
don't like to be by themselves but yeah
so gym time see in a little bit so like
I was saying I didn't realize it's so
freakin cold here and this is not
clearly not enough
around the corner so this giant sign so
I figured Charles let's go shopping you
know that's exactly what I want to do
right now you guys did not know that
over the years watching these videos
apparently it's the same time all over
the world
somebody's gonna get fired so little
victory I just found a hundred and
thirty dollar sweater
I did say $130 sweater that was
mislabeled for $35 the rest of them were
like 80 bucks so I win that's pretty
anyway so head but I am currently on
wakeup detail we're waiting for the rest
of the people TJ told me to hold down
the car so we don't get towed so I'm
literally holding down the car I got a
body don't worry I don't know about you
guys but every time I get done with the
gym the first thing that I want to do is
either eat a ginormous cheeseburger or a
cake that could feed 24 people yeah I
don't know why that is all the time hey
it might not be as exciting this is but
it's still pretty exciting you guys
ready to go to say 'pete I got a but
don't worry guys also she fares back
yeah so we're playing today and that's
where I'm going now do you guys remember
like four years ago when Danny got his
phone stolen in Boston it happened again
so he's currently trying to get his
phone back I went you didn't watch
Danny's vlogs go watch him he'll explain
it all in mine too I'll explain it
listen I was at one of those parks with
the zombies take over and you go in
haunted houses
I got pickpocketed and I'm using Find My
iPhone and it's walking around the theme
to show an example of how the zombie did
it okay so I'm like going through my oh
man I'm so scared so scared
he's walking around the park with my
phone
we're tracking him find my iphone right
now he's an iPhone six-plus it was like
an iPad doesn't find the only zombie
with it so what looks like an iPad you
kick his ass you guys remember that like
it was four years ago in Boston Danny
and I went to like think of Berklee
College of Music and we went to every
single dorm room trying to set it off
and trying to find it
they do go is in party mode go
Mike's about to share someone's got a
tattoo look at that I came from my high
school that was not a Viking but a gale
kick a field goal what are you doing
what you know what you need to do you
need to do some hint practice with
colleagues it's called as a linebacker
call echoing cackling wait no space do
it does a lot of anticipation wait hold
on it's not the kicking thing wasn't the
cool part huh attack them
block the window you do better than that
you mean you never learned that in high
school right so you do it well I need
that my jersey on what you have a jersey
on its course what were you thinking do
you have a jersey John Elway Charles
take my shirt off oh god my ankle
so you're doing as bad as I did I don't
feel like that Oh jump unto it you can
attach your ball to it as well did
you want to slice the big Falcon fu up B
of a peacock we're looking for Kohli if
I know over here this little area
reading reading the yearbook go through
these quads and there I'm a little
sketchy bad some of these not that
they're bad
you won't make this good rolls right now
coley gave us all your that bud you're
still alive right
so the responsible train is heading back
to the airport no the hotel sorry the
responsible train is heading out to the
hotel near dock driving always always
driving no one wants to be driving it
was a golf cart I could drive it like a
frickin awesome race car driver better
than me dude I can't drive a golf cart
like freaking Vin Diesel it's time to go
to bed I just want to show you this this
is Ryan what are we sleeping next to
tonight ladies
I get that yellow light that yellow like
it was red really yeah right
anyway guys I'll see you guys tomorrow
subscribe guys are brand new and have a
good night
