good morning Internet banana jerk just
hold them both up and see which one
Marly grabs so thing I'll take the Frog
coming back with toys you know what you
just started now every time you come
over toys have to be here and screwed
yourself the now you see why I do it all
the time
so I was eating an apple where at least
ol it and I took a bite in the Apple and
I thought about no get away from this
baby baby do that oh boy she's literally
been doing that all morning I thought I
caught it so we were looking for
Halloween costumes today oh excuse me
officer I want you to be a marshmallow
and I'll be a Ghostbuster or I'll be a
marshmallow and you'll be Ghostbuster
dude look at the floor it looks like a
galaxy you could do this and then you
look so uncomfortable on you yeah it's
weird in your face wanna be me from like
2005 I'm just gonna do this and bring
back horrible memories of my bad hair
what are you doing good yeah
that's logo the master actually moving
is it moving
yeah the lease got our little apple
bobbing bucket so we need to get apples
yeah and a costume no big deal we get
balloons we can blow up balloons I don't
know
they've Godzilla balloons Wow Godzilla
balloon your treat Trick or Treat smell
my feet give me a bunch of stuff or I'll
freakin toilet paper your house
let's get seriously man I'm gonna get
Ally barista I used to you know what
when I worked at the movie theater I
used to have to do drinks cappuccinos
that I would have to like warm up the
milk and make it all frothy Wow that's a
good story
this will a cool story bro cool story
bro sees learning it's like Steve
totally get all the Halloween stuff out
but Jerry what about Thanksgiving
screw it we just need Christmas that's
all we need it's Christmas everywhere
the logic of every retail store ever
what can you do a witch laughs okay all
right okay cool cackle cackle can sell
like a parrot by the way Liz let me see
what your cooties
he came home with four pieces and goes
Oh guess what
Liz and everyone from Canada brought you
all this candy and guess what
Charles came home with four four pieces
four pieces of candy and he's man that
ate those four pieces Alan I walked by
we're like looking for the apples and we
both went whoa
I think two is good for now cinnamon
brooms I think the greatest thing of on
the planet pumpkins
I tried carving that when I was a kid
one day
tonality never actually went but
scratch-offs before so we're gonna buy a
couple scratches which one's the most
fun the top ones how much are the top
four so I was telling Ally that I've
never really done scratch offs I never
really went in bottom so we went and got
a couple of them the reason why eyes are
closed because Ali told me to well
because we have one $10 one in here
which you I think that's the rightful
you know choose her all right okay eyes
are closed I will show the internet I'm
not gonna show you where it is so you
have to choose your first time see what
okay I'm showing the Internet
good job I got the $10 one I believe in
that I think it's the right choice go
for it whoo 1923 and 12 know somebody
else might deserve it all right now we
have four mark now you have to do it for
me
yes your your face that your eyes are
closed my eyes are closed I can't see
you
that was the biggest I was making sure
the eyes are closed close your eyes I'm
scared no I just gotta make sure you
guys are close I'm gonna dress you I
feel weird 16 silly little rabbits you
guys might be wondering like Charles
Allie why are you doing this to yourself
yeah we didn't that's why I'm not
showing the prices because I don't want
to know what we did or what laughs with
that you're gonna get once half a
million jackpot could this be the one
it better be this is it look of
concentration when you're trying to win
half a million dollars are these
supposed to be like 1/3 probably should
about five of the same ones because I
was weird guaranteed the tops possibly
win all right that's alright we have two
more two more everyone this could be a
lesson learned
don't let Scott jobs the home by
scratch-offs Eric to reload and I'm on
my dip oh I see something look at Ali
did those are for the children it's so
funny at the beginning if we're always
so careful towards Andrews like some a
bitch and we didn't win all right
scratch-offs lost chance it's our last
chance this is so dumb I know Amanda
made a big mistake okay so everyone we
were teaching a lesson today
don't buy scratch-offs I blame the gas
station I blame him he gave us crappy
ones he's like all these are good but ah
it's okay
damn it my mom a chocolate carrot all in
Charles Trippy smell and what my friends
cuz why I don't let him cook me dinner
well there's so much crap in this I feel
like putting a carrot and healthy beans
it's up it's healthier that way
mm-hmm like a pregnant woman put
pimentos and my cheesecake and then
doused and dog food that's wrong Sammy
Charles you're kind of committing a
crime here that was for the children
yeah that is about one child right now
that will not get Halloween candy on
Halloween how does that make you feel
that's one child this would be like for
child porn for child or one adult
there's yours I will eat it
jilsuk not that sucks
your toe was sticking out that's true I
did today
does this smells awful so he's got it on
her well you know the best part though
on this whole situation was so I feel
like we just cleaned up a whole I clean
cleaned your whole floor with a
disinfectant of whatever this is kind of
ruined your entire wardrobe in here
that's what you get for trying to shoot
me together make the spaghetti in your
salad there Phil false alarm
all right Internet well I got a pack
right now because we have show in
Chicago tomorrow morning you're gonna
fly it like four o'clock in the morning
not gonna lie a little freaked out while
getting on the plane again
got my Jordan shirt you know Chicago
right
if you guys want those posters links
down in the description and I hope you
guys enjoyed today's video
Frank and Allie again I feel like you
guys need to help her out out give her
some more prank ideas I think team
Charles is kicking some butt right now
so see you guys tomorrow as always don't
forget to click that little subscribe
button and have a great night
