yeah debugger welcome good morning
Internet welcome to MTV Cribs dirty
house edition oh look welcome to my
dirty kitchen this is where chaos ensues
I can't even say that word correctly
real money I mean boy you Bala yes
you're disrupting my cribs dirty house
edition welcome to my dirty kitchen this
is where things get dirty
welcome to my floor because look on my
floor that's all dog fur do you see it
all dog fur and guess what with that dog
fur I have to mop and sweep every single
day it's really awesome and you know
it's crazy guess what bedrooms dirty
bathroom straight laundry rooms dirty
cat room study downstairs bathroom
sturdy that's dirty everything's dirty
lots of things are doing crazy I know
but super excited one thing that will
not be dirty is my car I'm gonna go I'm
gonna go wash the car because you know
Mary Jane's gotta look real nice and
spiffy when we serve driving her around
so I just had to deposit roughly five or
six currencies over the last couple
years of tourists completely forgot I
had a bunch more so I had how many I
have so I had American currency which
counts French currency the German
currency New Zealand Australia those the
other one
shoot I think I even had like money from
Singapore still I can't remember I just
gave her a bunch of monopoly money and
she was like oh this is gonna be fun
she definitely loved me and then in my
whole like crazy like sporadic Charles
spaz enos grab my wallet but luckily she
was able to read my chicken scratch of a
handwriting and oh my god I lose my mind
sometimes with that poor woman she had
to convert all those currencies and she
was like I've never seen so many
currencies at once I was like yeah it's
been a busy couple years actually a few
years if I had to Singapore on there sir
do I want to get off mom well here's
here's the fun part
I know Marley is super fun we have that
laundry and I have to still unpack this
thing I am NOT looking forward to that
at all
do you want to just do it I just - I was
like I swept aside the whole house clean
do cars as your face yes there it's
tender but that's this wall if you're
stupid - they're so beautiful well it's
my fault my head spies but it's not good
nothing terrible spot oh by the way Rico
ran into the glass today she always goes
and plays with these things push here
like underestimated that where they were
and just I'm like doing something out
there I'm on the phone with like I don't
know the security people and Ally comes
out crying I'm like what happened yeah
that's what I mean you're laughing so
but it was alright so we have to it's
fine I don't know where she is she is so
we got to do this really really cub now
it's turning into a dog bed and then
this we've been wanting to do this I
know I've been saying it for a very long
time I wanted to be super nerdy and up
there's in the guest room and just where
all the video games are I wanted to put
a sign there Wi-Fi information of a
network and password and stuff like that
it kind of reminds me of Tor you know I
couldn't Duncan always pasted the Wi-Fi
because it's so funny literally the
first thing I do and Danny does when we
get to any venues like Duncan what's the
Wi-Fi literally when you walk in now
like we say Duncan in he√µs Wi-Fi is
right there like it illiterate like the
Wi-Fi boys hence the reason why it is
though unless you're get worried about
ollie thank you so Ali bought this thing
instead of me making some sort of paper
I'm gonna make a nice and pretty hello
friend will always shoot I just realize
that okay that is a little spell check
and we'll slide you over oh shoot
now moving everything it's kind of like
what is that game let's Scrabble now I
got to make a password and network name
on this thing okay and we're done
sorry we have to blur it out we know you
guys using our password because you live
right around the corner
I think and whenever anything like crazy
happens in a weird day
yeah any Co where you were gonna go see
if golf cart works because if it doesn't
Charles gonna be really upset
that's uh they hold on all right listen
to this batter has got to be shot oh
he's coming back thank you though I
really appreciate it
yep definitely a battery
oh wow these are suing it it's still
work
wouldn't you say that we never have a
dull day I mean I feel like we have a
pretty exciting life that's North's card
and now something with the I will tell
you what I have no idea how he got that
thing as far as we did by himself
because I push it with grito like maybe
a block I thought I was gonna die I mean
I'm not kidding you that might sound
dramatic but it was so intense and it's
so heavy and it just works completely he
gets to you I get literally it's like it
pushes back on you
I felt like my eyelids sweating I had to
push that thing in miles I don't know
how you did it thank you
I'm kidding
hopefully it's not gonna be that big of
a fix but maybe I wonder if it doesn't
work it's one battery isn't working does
anybody know that it has to be all of
them it's gonna cost at least six $700
bettors are like anywhere b52 depending
on which one that is $200 of course I
feel so terrible about chars golf cart
situation so I was like I'm gonna do
something to make him a little happy
because he's he's really bummed out
that's like his baby it's the one thing
that when he couldn't drive that gave
him freedom it made him feel so good
when he was going through that crazy
time so I'm like okay what can I do to
make him happy I know what makes me
happy and I think I can either buy him a
new drone which she's already got
something on thinking needs another
drone or I can buy him like a cupcake or
something so I got him cupcakes and
gummy worms cuz he's got gummy worms and
then I got him a card because I just
want to make him a little happy too big
corny but you know what hopefully
tourism up just a little bit back to old
school walking days we don't have the
convenience of our golf cart
not being lazy yeah Lazydays it's like
so freaking annoying that this golf car
is having so many issues granted is
probably my fault because I had to put
the water in the battery and I may have
screwed up but I know but I completely
screwed up that last time so I think I'm
pretty sure it's my fault but seriously
I'm just so frickin mad at the fact that
I have to do that and I think the worst
part is going to be trying to like put
like six batteries in there I'm sure to
be easy but I mean I got to take
everything apart and then I got to make
sure oh I could do it I could do it yeah
I've done it except the collar after I
got home a little bit quicker than
charted with the dogs and I brought
diesel but I wanted to show you guys so
I ended up getting him some cupcakes a
card that says sorry about your golf
cart and some sour gummy worms hopefully
this just a little there's a little
cheering up for him you know Charles he
doesn't really show it was like two
motions on the camera but he's very
upset
look I mean that's why you're so bad
you're upset thank you you're welcome
well you got a read your card are you
that type of person who doesn't read the
card so I was gonna get you a cake but I
decided against it so you know the funny
thing is she was gonna eat these oh no I
got this for you those are for you but
you have to read your card out loud I
believe everything happens for a stupid
unfair reason that's stupid I said sorry
this and then I meant it goes your golf
cart breaking down is happening to you
cupcakes or to eat a cupcake her too
do you not know how to read that I have
pretty decent handwriting but and cat a
couple of cupcakes each that's an E 80
that's a cat that's an e that's a C
whatever why are you ripping this apart
I did something nice occurred I was just
trying to make you feel better
I genuinely thought you're gonna do
something no you're so oblivious it was
like literally sitting right here and he
was looking straight at me I'm like how
did he not see this right here so if you
want to have dessert for dinner you can
have dessert for dinner
hey at least you'll have some green in
your meal I always say that you have to
have a little greens in your meal spin
it no but look it's got green cupcakes
yellow is not really sure it's just
maybe some sunshine I don't know
I don't ask me I don't know I feel like
those are my cupcakes especially like
this you're never gonna believe who we
were talking to again nerd rock is here
and he wants to say hi wait we have an
idea
all right um smile don't smile
don't smile that's so funny hilarious
I've been trying to figure out for the
life of me if I like if in fact the
batteries are what screwed up and I
honestly feel like it is because there's
that weird smell but before I go I just
want to say thank you to a bunch of you
CTFxC patrons first one is Robert jack
Markell and minor and then I got a save
Katharine and Bradburn thank you so much
as well as Tracy boys Ani and Craig
Hopkins and Siobhan I finally got that
name right I know how to say it
oh hi Rico what are you doing playing
with the pig get get
Mellie Trejo Kathy Peters and Susan
cavil Laura that's guys got that name
wrong I am so sorry I'm really trying
somebody you guys have very awesome
names and a very unique like mine and I
gotta say hi to Ashley I think that's
the most unique way I've ever seen
somebody write the name Ashley Luke
Drake manda milder and last but not
least Julie Potts
so thank you guys so much for watching
today's video don't forget to do the
whole fun stuff of subscribing liking
sharing all that you guys know what I'm
talking about and I will say thank you
guys also to the patreon family thank
you so much for being a part of it and I
will see you guys tomorrow as always
hopefully I can figure out how to fix
this stupid golf cart if you guys know
anything about golf carts I'm sure
somebody out there does any tips and
tricks on how to fix you other than
switching batteries cuz I know that part
also is that hard to do
can I do it I should say alright see you
guys tomorrow bye
