good morning everyone I hope you had a
great was a Saturday Saturday if you
guys have any cool costumes
you saw our costume yesterday sorry just
got back from a run I was Dustin alley
was L or 11 I small I know TMI right but
I just did five miles high five yep
thing obviously last night was kind of a
crazy day and crazy night I kind of woke
up today I didn't feel very well so Alan
and I decided that maybe it's actually
really really nice at all it says it's
65 degrees I know it's not that cold for
a lot of people but it's yeah so they
know what's going on it's cold for us we
I thought that maybe walking by the
water it will make you feel a little bit
better so oh and we got these two in the
car oh you ready to put these in the car
no putting two know why
there's my little taco
what were you again was Marley who you
were the old lady cannot believe that
still fits you that is some old school
Marley right there doggie devil sit
little devil okay fine are you go taco
all right take two stand up
here let me get that off okay
she likes the five o'clock shadow oh
yeah
so cold I was so nice
Oh taking her out she's like et over
there go go go go go check it out it's
so calmer now
you don't feel good either both alli and
I are not feeling too good
just like I'm gonna take person that any
type of it's like weather change kind of
affects me
either like eat all that honey he had
all that allergies I don't wanna hear
I'm gonna go oh my god you're only sick
that's not true at all
and when I say like I don't feel well
Charleston's not specified that I'm just
tired seriously might fall wait the hot
dog carts closed yeah we're gonna see if
we can find a fire pit I always been
wanting a fire pit for at least the past
year since when do they sell golf carts
no it's blasphemous mine's way cooler
mine's got rims mine's wait it's
customized as a custom CTFxC Golf Cart
today's been actually a pretty nice day
physically and weather-wise because
yesterday was a long long day harvesting
honey oh by the way I thought another
cool thing I want to try to do different
things like got the harvest honey
remember I said I always wanted to do
that another thing I've always wanted to
do was actually go and see how
surfboards are made so if you guys know
of any surf shops that I can make their
own surfboards let me know and I'm gonna
see if I can make that happen because I
thought that would be kind of cool or if
you can think of anything else that we
kind of cool to see how it's made or how
it's done I want to kind of make that
into something we do often because a lot
of you guys express a lot of a lot of
interest in what we did yesterday and
that harvesting of the hunting if you
didn't if you even see yesterday's video
like I said earlier go check it out and
you get to see our costumes and I lost
my wife found her well found with fire
pits work apparently the guy said they
even took the displays today then all
these were pretty much like sold today
cuz it's so cold that's actually really
funny
should it come over well this is a great
a moron if I just looked down I would
have found one idiot
today it's been one of those days where
Al and I just you know kind of had this
slowdown you realize we were going like
eh what's the highest gear sixth gear I
don't know the highest gear was to say
bikes I know bikes got seven gears
oh it's my bike dos we're at like seven
for the last week or so and today we
just kind of we're crashing right now so
it's it's kind of time to slow down
you've got to put together this fire pit
and we have a race little fire ally is
making some chili super cold weather
stuff yeah I mean it's fur honestly it's
that whole sorta thing sorry so a more
than just eating right now
so as you can hear Marley is currently
cleaning everyone's Bowl which is nice
does that means we don't have to
necessarily do it like I said we're just
kind of taking a break today and I know
a lot of you guys always tell us to do
that and I know this is really redundant
because every time we express that we're
a little bit like run down you guys are
like take a frickin break and this is
our way of taking a break without not
without taking a break ten years all
right so let's build this thing who
wants to make a bet see if I can
actually do
okay that's a way too much time for what
I had to do and naturally I hurt myself
all right time to set a fire I'm
cheating I got one of these little guys
like I'd be strike anywhere
please be nope what's the point of this
that's so stupid
and we have fire no it's not like a fire
pit is it supposed to smoke I know it's
not the stupid question but I wonder if
it's those starter logs that I just used
oh well whatever you know it's funny is
that this is the wood that we got when
we're at Yosemite and then we found out
ally I almost cried because we found out
we couldn't actually have fires at the
RV park that we were at so we just
basically brought it home and we didn't
think we'd ever use it but look at that
this is probably how we're gonna end
tonight we're just eating some chili by
the fire Marley gonna set yourself on
fire as well everyone back away try to
eat the chili go focus on the chili
don't focus on the fire I hope you
enjoyed today's video thank you so much
for watching please make sure you go
check out yesterday's video it was
actually a lot of fun and I know it was
a crazy day yesterday so we will see you
guys tomorrow as always have a great
night good night fine and they'd the
black
