good morning Zoey and now Marley come on
okay don't try to act all cute we get
Marley time all the time all right so a
lot of you guys have been tweeting me
and facebooking me about that photo that
poster that was at buffer fest um you
like a face with the iPhone making that
do a possible poster I wanted to redo
the photo but I don't I don't want to
necessarily do with the iPhone 6 because
in another year that photos just gonna
be outdated so I thought it'd be kind of
cool to do with the iPhone one so that
would be like super classic so I got
actually charged this I don't think this
is actually going to turn on no it's not
I'm trying on it's totally dead so I'll
charge this baby yes I had the iPhone
one still cuz I'm a nerd so I'm off to
get my hair cut and something that I
will tell you about me is I am
definitely afraid to get my hair cut I
tried once to do something that was a
little bit different and I did it and
then I hated it so we'll see what
happens today I may do something bold I
mean ok so now that my phone is charged
I got to see if I can remember the
password well that's a good sign
well it looks like it won't be using the
iPhone one dad I guess after like five
or six years I just don't remember the
password so I disabled myself god I suck
look how much bigger it's gotten new
hair love it love it love it
new hair love it yeah I got three inches
off feel lighter we're about to take
that photo for the new poster I just got
here to be the photographer and look at
this we just have been working on this
new trick I'm gonna go to the GoPro
because this is not good you need
toothpaste okay huh you farted use this
nut it you snort it did you
oh my god did you see that more tattoo
cream deodorant Cologne we're gonna do
it
so I'm rush my teeth oh darn I don't
have any toothpaste what I do babe
toothpaste stat that's a way better
throat do you toothpaste toothpaste over
there okay I really need it oh we got it
that's how you brush your teeth
yeah yeah brush your teeth the awesome
way reason why we aren't using the
original one is because everyone wanted
me to deal with the sleeve like the
updated sleeve and everything and the
new iPhone because I can't do with the
original iPhone are we gonna move this
over don't fall in the water Charles
don't fall in the water why this road is
so challenging you got to make sure the
angle is equal to the circumference of
the sphere the rectangular thing right
Marlee just got a he's got a somewhere
don't ya
seriously we have to like angle
everything with the perfect light mm-hmm
no it's all about the color - the colors
got to be good definitely not an easy
process 50 minutes later we might get
this photo all we got to do is get this
photo in time for the end of slog so
they can get the poster if they want the
poster so guys at the end of this video
these posters should be available at
CTFxC merch calm I'll do a limited
amount of signed ones if you guys want
cuz you guys always seem to like that if
Ali's skills continue
that rocking out over there are you
ready to go in the mall this place is
freaking huge no magic open puts already
on its brand-new it's already haunted oh
nice up there's the Apple Store all
right it's out it you see it you'll see
it I'm like I'm stealing the light every
time I see that thing of us have you
guys noticed that this year in
particular
everything's pumpkin spice everything
okay there's salt
tried it don't bash it because it's
litter box
are you okay
are you allowed to
we get in the car Danny Duncan We The
Kings so Ali's big tall lanky legs gave
me away and I couldn't hide from Danny
how many speaking exceeds it amuse me
like four beers medic for sixty demux
ears GJ that sees everywhere little
discussing that looks
excuse me ma'am doing some oil or
vinegar that is crazy every their stores
why not stores for oil and vinegar
glitter look at all the potential oil
daily basis at I'm trying to do somebody
like me you were just like grease I feel
really bad about going in there I just
be wiping my face all the time
yeah where the engine go there's no
engine in this thing
alright there's no engine I'm confused
I'm thoroughly confused find the engine
once a my chocolate salted balls
Charles is talking salty balls anyone
anyone know what show that's problem I
bit through the whole thing you have to
bite services there's another layer down
here good look there's two layers
oh it's salty caramel oh my balls quant
want that so bad alright so we just got
the final edit of the poster and we're
trying to figure out what she looks best
go back and forth I think that one's
best so the poster is now online about
about one Cirque
I get the real thing you the real thing
you kiss my cheek
on a date on a dinner date which is
better yours or mine
take that I'm taking that now we're
switching go play pack dogs play a
little bit better pack dogs right there
she goes she's superwoman right now I
only got some pants and they're out of
this world babe your booties out of this
world you booties so out of sight your
legs are out of sight babe I don't I
can't see them so they're really
literally out of sight right now your
legs are out of sight babe they're out
of this world they see those are awesome
wait where's my arm where's my arm which
one's his arm guys which one that's
actually really awesome yeah your
booties out of stuff big it's big as the
Boone I see this it's kinda creepy
terrorized the neighborhood
black hole
I think we can get it to like hydraulics
to go up and down
that's hard what's up are you talking
about shut the beep up is she on Uranus
finally kid out alleys Uranus it doesn't
work
Oh Sally what are you chewing on now
using plastic again
Marlee anyway guys it's time to go to
bed I just want to let you guys know
that the new poster that we were working
on today is now available at CTFxC mercy
comm you can go check it out
so what we always do with the posters is
that they're gonna be a limited supply
of the signed ones so there will be
1,000 posters that are available to be
signed so if you go CTFxC immerse calm
that we first come first serve just
before I get carpal tunnel and all that
fun stuff anyway
hope you guys enjoyed today's video go
check out get the poster and I will see
you guys tomorrow as always don't forget
subscribe and have a great night
doodles
