all right time to go home bye see you
buddy love you love you too buddy yeah
love you Carly time to get home so
surprise Ali has no idea that I'm
getting home early literally gonna get
home like 12 hours early going home
taking so much out of me right now not
to tweet that I move distracted bouncy
that I'm actually going home early
taking so much out of me do you think a
burger bar has a banana as one of banana
okay so surprised this would be the
best-kept secret I've ever done back in
America one of the other questions that
Shay and I got asked at our little panel
was how do we vlog in public like for
example me doing this in the airport
like how do you get over the fear of
doing it basically just do it people
will never see you again
so I always been staying at the house
taking care of the pups this week while
I was gone so she should still be there
when I get home that way can actually
sneak in and some Rison room you
assuming she's still there sure
otherwise this entire surprise is going
to be botched that just leave
okay see buddy I landed at home but my
bag did not so I just talked to Ali
where's text inherit she's still at the
house hanging out with the dogs just
playing with the dogs so what I'm gonna
try to do is try that my mom dropped me
off a little bit down from the house and
we're trying to sneak in go scare some
kobayashi my father you hear you're
looking out the window time okay good
breath stinks all right so my mom picked
me up and stuff taking a taxi got a key
now he's still at the house playing with
the dogs so that means this might work
this might work
our dog
hello let's get the track that's gonna
cover you hey you - oh you didn't care
you okay
I didn't know where you were oh my god
thank you yeah get the people okay yeah
what get no idea
gotcha
you expect me in 12 hours well I've seen
the whole house actually I just got
finished oh nice
I was telling the Internet you were
taking care of the girls sure she do a
good job you got peed yourself let's
look at that face again poop poop hello
squirrel friend
what do you go see messing with you he
always goes over here at East and orange
and leaves everything like a little jerk
you missed them so Ali and I are gonna
go meet up was the Gulf card company and
maybe buy a new golf cart now he's still
recovering from that scare you look cute
look cute you look
barely was fit in there you're not
really long pressed we do you barely fit
in this one forgot that one you have to
sludge over every time no you can't do
the alley bun should we just go straight
up white classic white with black this
seems like heavy duty I kind of like the
black seats oh I do this is taller
complete okay yeah oh yeah
these wheels moving back massive Oh like
you don't have that musical
now you need like some need some but
rock like some Nickelback oh this blast
nothing but Nickelback in this guy okay
and why do you want to get that hold on
to your butts Seeley bass when you
haven't purchased it it looks like look
at all these like circles out here feel
like everyone's been doing yeah that's
pretty cool to switch you drive yeah
excuse me hot mama I'm training my
husband your little jelly bean in the
wheel
bringing a button this is nice I like
the jet black - what about
black-on-black asking for one of the
little spiky things for internet what
are these
Ali and I are curious what does this
have to do with anything on tires all
right so I'm hearing at a place called
American pride and they're hooking me up
this is Logan his dad Paul where is he
Paul oh yeah Paul and he's hooking me up
with this nice little beauty right here
this will be the new CT I see mobile
right here Oh time to take a nap take a
nap Marlee go to bed good bad no I won't
stop filming you know I can't stop
filming you this is your job do you do
for a living dog what's in there is
there anything for Joey Marlee give up
that quick wow that was quick
this hot cocoa I know were you doing all
right so this is for diesel does not for
Zoey marlane nope this is for Zoey nope
that's not for Marley you're not gonna
eat that
shucks stupid stove James stove for you
an appliance stove no see hmm that's
gonna make you smell love asparagus
asparagus
Oh just called a gross I just want one
Gus I'm just like this excuse me but can
you a spare like this did it you guys
you're so funny
took Joey Marley out the bathroom and I
want to put the leashes back and this
goes oh it's moving I'm gonna leave it
like that so people doesn't realize that
you can go around
we got on the chair
something chair sounds like on the wall
save them again this little frog is now
becoming a little weaker and character
of the CTFxC be smarter than the door
Zoey say oh I can that frog is now
becoming a reoccurring character in the
CTFxC I think we should name them like
Kermit well I think he should be there
Phil why are you running away from that
guy then I wasn't trying I wasn't
running away
I'm just eerie music how many things Joe
my you is a little freaky
well you want to name them we could call
him it'll come to me that's a boring
name
look what Ali discovered on the floor
little tiny little feet I know it's so
cool how it moves listen you don't need
to come at it all a little feet this is
easy yeah but pressure on it all right
so I'll pick you back though
all right Internet as I'm crushing Ali's
back you're right yeah just dick oh yeah
you think you're so funny
let's just cut back what happened
earlier today OOP wow there's a lot of
Marling oh oh
anyway guys hope you guys enjoyed
today's video and the surprised were you
surprising it I was incredibly surprised
how surprised were you um are you this
surprised OOP
but it I can't put here hey skinny bitch
eating cheese be alright guys I'll see
you guys tomorrow as always hope you
guys enjoyed today's video and here goes
today's 2001 ah careful give not over
okay I one more time to do this
you
