good morning day mm oh my head mm mm mm
what's the pigeon John anyway mm so I
fall off the CN tower and this is the
last of CTFxC and smooster hi I'm Ron
Paul no I bequeath the blame to blame so
we got another guy now share Heights -
which is not very good that's gonna be
the way to get rid of it I used to be
scared of heights and I jumped out of a
plane now I don't mind did it really
help you yeah all right so we do this
one
we'll protect small my way I was really
scared that's okay but even for this
area okay I gotta push you guys away now
see up step
oh how many stories I don't know
thirteen I'll see you guys a hundred
sixteen stories up Wow guys check out
that view yeah that's still pretty high
up actually guys we are currently
staying 356 meters as 1168 feet 116
building stories above the ground or
just very high up if you want to think
about it like that
guys that's it and a double high-five
for that
how does that feel good excellent oh
you're quite high up are you happy just
to hang out there for my friend oh yeah
there's a shirt donor that's I you'll be
absolutely fine perfect nice nice
Oh beautiful
hi guys why don't you come out enjoying
him all together awesome guys and we're
back on top of the world
that was exhilarating that's so much fun
Chad was once afraid of heights no
longer no longer any kind of fear of
heights he's gonna do something crazy
like that
yeah I'm just get over it it's true kale
and cabbage out is that like flowers and
plants hey listen
mm video this vlog needs to be 20
minutes long Charles but not on you
right now
20 minutes for a mm we think I would try
I'm not gonna cut anything out today I
don't know if you appreciate I don't
think anybody can fully appreciate the
kind of effort dedication and commitment
it takes to make a video every single
day for 2,000 days if there's anybody
who could understand that it's me and I
couldn't do it I tried to do it I miss
days it's hard you're traveling he's
been on Warped Tour he had brain surgery
and he did not miss a video he got a
divorce and he did not miss a video
that's incredible that is it there's a
feat that nobody has ever accomplished
thumbs up this video and subscribe right
now to Charles Trippy Camden I'm grant
over hi
out of their mind every kid here is like
I love Graham's huge nerd was that dorky
looking fish
I like how we're all like yeah the kids
are like oh my god now we're rolling
every single one we're like oh dude look
at that finish
a polygon special polygon spatula that's
a thrill little fish though the most
expensive fish ever sold was a bluefish
tuna in Japan which costs seven hundred
thousands that right am I reading that
almost a million dollars for stupid fish
alright soo much gossip
oh yeah I'm a middle size fish doesn't
see nothing is brighter doctor take it
from me
that's all I know pretty bit will be mm
and we haven't even done the UH in the
screening game have it any other way
it's kind of worried actually what we
would do for DES mm it's kind of like
one of those life lessons especially
when you're blogging just you know let
life happen and just enjoy it take it
for a ride that's totally not scary at
all sure it's a giant teddy
I got two these are all jellyfish these
are baby jellyfish guys little tiny
there so those are the balls
you know jellyfish balls if you can put
that on here - I don't know right at the
sense of that these are shark eggs
that's a baby shark and egg is gnarly
all right so this is Lee and it's our
congratulations congratulating the CTFxC
as the cake or cupcakes okay even better
yeah even better cupcakes I do I've been
watching you for six years
thank you balloons wait I don't know if
you guys can see us right now I want to
say it again day mm and we're about to
go talk to 600 Toronto Canadians Oh what
was that
what did I tell you what just happened I
said you the lyrics in a blog yes I mean
honestly that is the coolest thing yeah
give it up for them
we're going around it's a person's
answers question in cancer
so let's just talk about the elephant
that room real quick Charles and his
wife recently separated got a divorce
yeah we had a divorce
unfortunately and it's it's it's it's
thing of life and I know a lot of it was
the elephant in the room
yeah it's it because he cares so much I
know because I know how much I care when
you put so much of yourself I mean this
is the personal stuff like he is opening
his soul to the world and sharing these
difficult times and then usually the
comments and it's just like it sucks the
life out of you sometimes I mean why
would you you don't know this person you
can't jump to conclusions about what you
think happened yeah just because you've
seen some internet videos the
unfortunate situation for me right now
the way I shot my videos you guys no one
never knew though there was problems in
my relationship or my marriage and that
was a choice that we made just because
we had the anticipation that we were
gonna continue working on it and stuff
like that and we were working on it
behind the same stage of this awful
thing here the scenes schedule Rockstar
you say behind the stage behind the
scene live the blogs a lot of people
that the day uploaded that video was it
felt like a shock like okay he did
something wrong she did something wrong
truth is literally nothing happened like
that Wow people like my close friends
knew was coming for a very long time
yeah I I knew there's definitely people
that we know your close friends we can
just tell like you know when you're
around a couple and it's like if they
fight a lot yeah it's just it just it
all love her to death and you know I
wish the best best for her to win for
the bagnat you know like when they'd
just be lashed they don't go to go
together and then you flip it around and
there's that other side of that magnet
it's just we're the other side that was
not working when do you got when that
video came out where he you know kind of
talked about that was that a shock to
you guys yeah that was something like
week
but you know you want to put your best
foot forward it's not something them
you're showing your life you know we all
do it when you post your Instagram photo
or something like if you look fat in it
you don't put that one on the internet
but you want it to look good so you know
what the problems are start happening
you don't share that and what we did we
didn't go into the whole situation that
like that was what's gonna happen so we
were still working on it and happen like
we were having problems a year prior
when before the whole second surgery and
stuff like that but we wanted to make it
work because of the second surgery and
we worked on it and we just kept having
problems I apologize for anyone in
Felton seed but like I said I wanted to
make sure to put this in public public
view she did nothing wrong I did nothing
wrong
Ali Ali West's anyway a three whatever
you guys want to call her Ali's in here
because he'll just date you're talking
about girlfriend's name Valley yeah I
called him when I saw him like are you
serious Ali it was really funny - girl
finale
okay ex-boyfriends name Charles here in
Canada like everyone's named Matt like
how many people are named Matt in here
me right
horrible example seems like a good one
right John no jobs in here Michael
Michael that's a popular one I
appreciate how you guys are trying to
help him Michael anyway try to say is
that there are other people with the
same name and you know so it's just a
name you know what I mean it's just a
hilarious coincidence fine I find it
funny my girlfriend Allie Wes she finds
it funnier than anyone how does it feel
to be the third alley in here but I told
her like she high-fived me if she was
like laughing her ass off and she makes
all the jokes about like was one of the
jokes she says every time I go into one
of these events she's like to make sure
to look at a leaf or something like that
she bakes all these jokes it's funny
because it's hilarious I mean because
you know laugh at life it's definitely I
asked when I first I'm like is there
something that happened in your like
childhood crush on something I realized
where may have I don't think he came
from but I remember having a crush does
remember hocus-pocus
yeah the girl's name was Ali right huge
question
so your name sallet you should run right
now just go out of the theater right
here you guys realize that you have
power as commenters on all of YouTube
the platform and such as my channel
anywhere yeah anywhere on YouTube if if
you're a person that has common sense
and realizes that that's not a very nice
thing to say
you can leave something nice and or if
you can't think of anything nice to say
you can find a good comment thumbs up
that comment and reply to that comment
and it'll push that comment to the top
like we have to fight to keep the
comment section a educational on it you
know a place where we can have an open
conversation without just blatant you
know anger anger yeah and you can flag
comments are negative and stuff like
that and not say like well if it's not
nice about Charles you keep I mean if
it's constructive criticism I welcome
that we're not saying like you can't
tell us that you disagree with an
opinion or something it's just like the
vitriolic hate and just like yeah it's
like just unnecessary James video what
are you gonna do what I said on the
street I not tell them I'm gonna cut up
are up to talk about FRP and make them
tomorrow I told them that tomorrow's
blog should be twenty minutes with its
Oh
pull it up with a lot of fun I had a lot
of fun not make you shave or coasting
that day not posting the hot dog no I
was going to use that one but Google the
hot dog video guys okay that is probably
the coolest thing ever
all right so Rachel just killed it and
how the entire thing was full and now
it's empty
and the last two people are Sinead and
Kayla they stuck it out for how long I'm
booking a flight home early
oh my god I put the camera in his face
you should
I haven't seen you in here I just drove
her back did you like it
I want you to come up in my room oh that
p-51 I could say that now because I
won't be there anymore
oh the nice little boy uh kind of I say
the end of buffer fest I haven't seen
Toby in years anyway
today absolutely amazing and I hope I
hope you guys truly truly had an amazing
day as well it's unbelievable to think
that mm videos I wanted lost I remember
like an hour on the Internet
you guys have struggled a CTFxC ever
since and fraud I think it's amazing by
the way I switched my flight so Allie
she thinks I'm getting home at midnight
not Shh secret here's to another 2000
more videos and don't forget to tell all
your friends about the CTFxC like Sheree
and I talked about in the little
interview or screening or whatever it
was you guys do have the power to
maintain the positivity in the comments
section not on our channel not just on
our channel but all around YouTube you
have the power
love you guys really from the bottom of
my heart this was so much fun and I hope
you guys enjoyed a 2,000 I know it's
longer than normal but she made me do it
there was just so much stuff I don't I'm
just so guilty about cutting anything
out so I don't want to waive them that'd
be kind of cool don't go by the concert
right now that's kind of cool I like
this oh it's like the Milky Way
pretend like you're not here was my
question but put those up all right guys
the end of day 2000 is here and I just
want to end it the proper way
with all these people take away
you
