good morning Internet look at that giant
needle just like in this space
poking space in the butt
boo come here jack we're just gonna be
sitting up groping them all day please
do this p90 body is p90 body are you
touching this p90x body we all are
you want a hug is the 90 X body Sam okay
just put those hands on his body I don't
say no the group has grown thank you sir
thank you very much oh it's cold I made
a mistake
hey Tim digging here for neither Jackie
just call me it is Canada I said I'm
auctioning it off starting at 20 anybody
20 yeah I'll wear that coat right now
give it to me are you a relative I don't
know if I can fit into this we're a Tim
Deegan jacket look at you I feel so cool
right now
hi I'm wearing Tim deagan's jacket you
should be on MuchMusic later they don't
like the iPhone anymore it's like a week
Shay and I are gonna get the tim vegan
makeover this is a great place - yeah
did you do those no these ones came like
that no he just that's what he wrestled
in a parking lot in that time exactly
the Panther pretty sick I know this is
perfect Tim Deegan on my bison suit all
right take it some fancy stuff these are
sick this is sick I would totally wear
this
that looks so good hi there's mannequins
over there thank you I know I keep
thinking are you guys it looks good on
you dude it's too tight no a fat guy
coats in here what size that six that
means it says right next to it says 56
on it what that was Italian that's
Italian Italian free health care right
promise your wife you wouldn't get hurt
Tim vegan your job that's a silly car
that's Old City Hall and tin vegan just
told us that's where Resident Evil 2 is
Philistine
Oh
reminds me of Europe a lot so leah was
just saying if you look carefully
there's like no faces there but then
they guys like it's nothing phases over
here
all the way over oh really
yeah cuz he didn't get credit or
something for doing all this
architecture so it's a big fu to them
and so every time they walked into this
building
they like make it I like really goofy
okay because her faces yeah I like this
guy
dude look at this bus - this guy that's
a good a view that is a good after you
get your makeup done much foundation
I'm so funny guys okay I just like to
yell funny things that's what I do
that's what I'm known for just yelling
and that's why I like to shake her ease
are so funny
you're like a billion times five that's
true it's our tradition it's good nice
slow motion yeah all right everyone's
just piling things on him nope nothing
till I got my fancy thing for Canada she
felt guilty din yet so don't call me out
like that had to crop dust so I went to
the far corner of the frickin store
felt so bad they're just crop dust at
the entire store it's kind of funny he's
walking around Toronto just met a bunch
of CTFxC ears just randomly - got
another shirt my crippled Bane shirt I
have one at home but I forgot it
and this is really cheap so you're gonna
get it and then we got a rush because I
have a panel of five six it's five now
of an hour so this is the Canadian Time
Square yeah okay
see guys they're so nice out here in
Toronto like everywhere but nobody
wanted to stay with me look at what my
pics my read look when I call Charles
that's what shows up I don't even know
how I got that photo this was she sends
me all the time you ever wonder what our
text messages look like that's what it
looks like with my hairy chest all right
now we gotta go to this thing that is
the most daunting stairwell I've ever
seen my entire life
now they're gonna be so tired the
bumpers looking I'm bringing a camera in
the theater will you do about Mike hey
how's it go man
oh shit sorry it's not pretty awesome
Akshay I forgot everything shopping I
need a toothbrush I need toothpaste
I need colognes I stink because I'm
stinking no no I'm not nothing yes well
it will stall bad good there you go
what's the I'll save you here oh yes I
do actually want one of these oh I did
bring a razor
I need a toothbrush push let's find the
other she already knew where we going
wonderful party we're going to a party I
don't even know exactly where it is but
I know the general idea no we're going
duck it straight we go in and then we
leave guys found it you found it are you
sure it's here though are you found it
found it we got in we got in friend
we're in yes okay
all right
yeah explain why my face up there
for screaming
like old that iPhone is such a loser the
4s right there
first rope
one day two years not one day
all right trial it's time to say good
night so today has been a really crazy
chaotic awesome fun day tomorrow I am
waking up early because I'm hosting
Shea's uh his panel and then tomorrow
for the CTFxC panel Shea's hosting mine
and by the way guys we have two more
days I think Sunday which is even cooler
at the CTFxC showing your panel or
whatever it is will be day mm I can't
think of a more appropriate awesome way
to have day 2000 is with you guys so
I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
don't forget to subscribe and have a
great night
doodles
you
