good morning Internet off to Canada but
first I got to make sure to fold my
fancy clothes for the red carpet
so Ali's helping me do this because
there's no way in hell I'm gonna be able
to do this I don't even know if I'm
doing it correctly but I'm assuming that
a few meals better than the meal at this
probably or wait I take that back I am
better than you are
Touche Marley we do that the whole time
so you guys could see fancy Charles this
weekend don't worry
Yosi Ali she's gonna be filming instead
of Eclipse as well because you got her
vlogger wings you know it does those
little bat wings work they were bat
wings they were vlogger wings wait on
any of this stuff like like Marley hair
close it now while you stay over there
that's it
do you need hats or anything no no hats
bees I might need to be me do you have a
jacket I'm plenty of jackets in there in
there yeah
are you have the buff hoodies zip up
hoodies you need a jacket
Joey Marley upset with me Zoey's not
even looking at me right now might be
because Ally's got peanut butter Oh
infamous Ally bunhead seriously anything
else mine you look beautiful like
seriously we need to get something to do
like an outline our silhouette of this
thing so it's like epic another one's my
habit one you can do or epic than that
all right well we need to get somebody
to do some sort of silhouette and
something about ready or not Canada here
I come
thankfully Ally reminded me of this
thing I forgot I needed the passport to
go to Canada that look at an ad what I
got that it has been like yeah can I
just get in there I know I do
always so slow that's right he's midday
does never do circles so was just
chillin my caddy and I was gonna do
circles to show up click oh there's the
camera and I'll do my circles so I
almost completely forgot to get
international data zero pound zero comma
zero count guys if you're on market
sense
Atlas ng drill representation most
people know that but if you didn't here
comes the bling oh I am heading into st.
Pete right now to go and hang out with
my little sister for a little bit she
has some stuff for a wedding that she's
going to and I have to grab a few things
from her for the wedding that I'm going
to actually be going to one of my really
close friends on Saturday a little
bummed out that Charles couldn't go but
yeah he's in Canada at buffer fest so
that's pretty awesome
I'm a little bummed I'm not there either
so to all of you that are there hello
sorry I can't meet you but I will soon
well that was the first so I woke up
because I thought we were having really
bad turbulence turns out I was just
having another seizure I'm okay who's
short mean carpe diem right guys seize
the day
it's funny I much rather have been
really scary turbulence I tried to hail
one of those little carts I always go by
but they thought I was just like joking
around so this is drove right by me
people along I wanted to ride like a
peeping tom J again I don't know
it is City little rabbit yay Glade now
till six well you can still clearly see
we are delayed stone and they're trying
to buyer silence with sandwiches in
Capri Suns working and finally getting
on the plane definitely a lot more fun
with Ally here the guys are with me
packing Ally a little bit nervous
getting on this flight I know
everything's gonna be fine
so charred I thought it would be a good
idea to bring diesel over to his house
to kind of check it out a little bit
before he really hung out with the girls
because I know that Molly is a little
bit protective of the house so right now
the girls are with chars grant or I'm
sorry with charts mom and I brought
diesel with me so he's kind of checking
out the house and then when char gets
back what we're gonna do is we're gonna
have them all have like a big old
sleepover but I know Marley's a little
bit protective of Charles and Diesel's a
little protective of me so we just kind
of wanted to make sure that you know
everyone was comfortable that was
involved but hang on here's diesel
diesel come here hey hi you can see hi
say hi hi everybody
yeah tell him hi well I don't know he
looks pretty happy to me yeah we're
pretty excited about it
so hey made it
let's go that way thanks man
it was so friendly in Canada I forgot
about that I made it and the guy that I
was sitting next to was a tennis
instructor to some famous tennis guy our
girl I can't remember who it was it was
really nice
usually sweet actually gave me his pan
that's how nice it was look at Corrado
all fancy putting me to shame right now
oh you can you can let your let your
inner glory shine but I forgot my fancy
stuff
why is everyone all fancy I know I told
you to dress Lance I look all freakin
like scrub right now you said do I have
to dress up when I was like he evident
to you so you had a dress but I got
something in here yeah this is so when
Cory goes poo we can all watch them then
when he goes to the bathroom we can all
watch him again dude you just like to be
watched yeah well I'm gonna poop while
you shower okay that's like the voyeur
voyeurs Winship all over the place if
you were with like a female friend yes
you'd be able to just enjoy over there
just kind of like this okay great yeah
absolutely I'll be there very sensual
yeah very sensual hello hey this is
Threepio three bo
with r2d2 there it is where's the track
there's gotta be a trash can around here
whoo we had a new thing hotel stores all
good bad I'm really afraid to make that
new thing though especially as much as
we travel in other countries
oh look at this I have a nice little
gift oh my god then you get all that
tonight you guys want to see straight up
highway robbery look at this three days
of Internet
mother of God at least I know the
freaking vlogs are gonna get up though
miss you said I miss you I'm freaking
hungry and I don't really feel like
paying $400 for a sandwich at the damn
hotel the internet was crazy I couldn't
believe that he's gonna walk around
downtown Toronto for a little bit
looks like Seattle it's totally not how
much I like Toronto oh come on the
embassies closed I've literally just
wandered into this place I just made
without everybody wandering around here
hi everybody
weezing good michael buckley it's a long
shadow zone i was a child at seven
yeah kind of want to just talk really
quick about the whole like seizure on an
airplane that actually was one of my
fears that I would actually have it's
not so much having a seizure on a plane
but having a seizure in front of all
those people and freaking out that many
people it sucked
I'll be completely honest that sucked
that's my life now until get situated
and it will get situated that it will
get situated a complete confidence that
over time they will figure something out
so yeah I just want to say thank you
guys so much for Belov I was going on my
Twitter I killed my batter dick three
times that I had to recharge it three
times because it's reading all the nice
comments that you guys wrote second
flight that's all I was doing I just
loaded them all up and just kept
breeding them so really honestly I do
read them and thank you very much it
really got me through it calmed me down
I mean all in all this trip is
definitely gonna be worth it because I
get to see a lot of you guys and I don't
normally get to see good to see some
friends like I saw earlier was just
walking around but I would be completely
lying if I said that having that seat on
the plane didn't affect me because it
did kind of mess me up a little bit
taka Ali I saw the pops also I'm really
excited I don't know if you guys do this
but we have an acoustic tour we the
kings is going to be doing like an
acoustic stripped tour we're not going
to strip but it's going to be like a
stripped down version we're going to do
this like nice little intimate show kind
of like MTV Unplugged like really small
venues if you go to leave the Kings
music calm there's some tickets left
it's very limited like I said like we're
all going to have a mic where we'll be
telling stories from the road like fun
goofy stories from the road and playing
all the songs acoustically I'm really
looking forward to it because it's
something that a lot of bands don't get
a chance to do it's gonna be fun it's
gonna be really fun because it's gonna
be a nice intimate show I like those
kind of shows don't get me wrong I love
big tours it's really nice we got to
talk to you guys and
like for each of us to get in each
other's heads and just know what each
other's about cuz you guys know so much
about me it's kind of nice for me to
learn something about you guys you don't
I mean that's how it she's been checking
up on me making sure I'm all good and
safe do it that's what we're gonna do
they in the comments and tell me
something about yourself so I would want
to read the comments today I get to
learn a little bit of I'll look at the
avatar and I'll put a little bit two and
two together but I'm going to go to bed
now weakens would be crazy after the
seizure I need to get some sleep
tomorrow's will be awesome I have a few
panels but yet don't forget to subscribe
because our brand new to the videos skin
to CTFxC rolling keep it positive keep
it happy but I will see you guys
tomorrow as always this week is will be
killer
doodles
you
