good morning Internet so I'm just
uploading the video from yesterday
before I go back to bed because my arm
is freakin killing me it's still all
puffy as you can see I'm trying to move
my arm and who do you actually use your
elbow that much do you want to tell me
what you did yesterday so yesterday
while she was at my mom's she got into
her purse as she had she had a bunch of
propective which is like an anti which
is like a probiotic so we kind of
freaked out a little bit I actually had
to call poison control but you're okay
big old jerk it's like an anti diarrhea
medicine which is hilarious because it
gave her diarrhea right you deserve it
people jerk guys wants to delicious
lunch Ali made I made it she made it
even made a sin enroll right now know
how you want it I want the center part
that's the best part everybody knows it
department here it's the best part a
little negative joint that's the best
part yeah you did
so cool mom it's like living in a
package she's like how do you knew about
that she stuff that you like the band
that you were so excited to know about
but it's been around for like 10 years
both be good I gotta get some blood I'd
be bad okay don't do anything bad is it
just me or does that look like a
straight-up hippie right now with her
shirt and the music go on you need a VW
van right now you'll be a cute hippie
listen I should AJ all right so the
hippie and I are looking for a pumpkin
patch or finding we're trying to find a
pumpkin all right
try to find some pumpkins so they're
gonna carve some pumpkins when I'm not
here like jerks Ali wants to adopt a
document with was the fact that you want
to name him no it's I just want enough
life duct what was the name to give him
mr. Quackers so he might adopt the duck
a white Aflac duck and named him mr.
Quackers so I had to call my mom and she
said it might be up here in the corner
there there there there
oh yeah right there oh it was totally
right
Oh
oh my god we've got the club just don't
run them over
oh my god can we get two we can get
three look at when that was like your
head probably this one
look it's like your head that was it
that's what I was talking about that one
yeah that one's you know I made that I
feel like if you get one of these to
make it into a witch it'd be like the
best thing ever
this one rotten what is this don't
looking I want you to be the most
difficult one to carve ever mother of
God
I think that's like the size of my head
I think I found the perfect pumpkin you
find another perfect pumpkin yeah they
make pumpkin seeds
yeah I think the tall skinny ones tall
skinny ones are probably best for
Frankenstein these ones are so cool it's
like my GB of Mario for those who don't
know what Mario it's like the new
generation of Angry Birds but way better
than yours isn't that kind of weird to
think about like Angry Birds is so big
it's like in the 80s Mario was so big
for us like Angry Birds is so big for
kids nowadays that's really weird to
think about wait guys I got to do my
yearly thing hold on I'll put you on
this pumpkin ready this should be the
calendar for 2015
that's what I initially said internet
Ally tweeted which one she should get
chubs or the curly everyone's saying
chubs chubs is it chubs is the winner
Muraki Oh every other pumpkins a bitch
and this is why you can't take a leap
umph kinshasa we do do we have it
do you almost has sent me to get the
part of a pumpkin-carving stuff and then
to go get Starbucks hat oh my god look
yeah that's totally fits my head yeah
this is great this is great
nothing that's gonna fit my head yes it
will I'm gonna make it work he won't
work either do you they stand up
straight
high is crazy like that's cute
nothing fits my head did you take a
cheap bag yeah wait take that off now
exactly the sexy police officer put a
shield
he's still confused don't know what you
want to be
he's like ran off we made a mistake we
could have just come here he's got
everything free Don we wouldn't have to
do anything I know there's a lot of
spiders up here that's exactly what it's
supposed to do yeah I think I heard a
squeak toy Frank I think we kind of what
okay get that way holy crap they go to
the same bed and they're like oh crap I
go over there ma'am quit coughing I'm
trying to vlog so I told Ally that we
wouldn't have enough light out back I
come back out and this is what she's
doing you think this is gonna be enough
to film where'd you get the lantern from
this is creepy I love it that's actually
working how come you get the big one
all right we'll try set up a little time
lapse right now big-ass pumpkin that's
gonna have so many seeds that's gonna
live like a billion seeds in their
little billion your Johnny
I'm gonna carve this pumpkin number when
I get so scary people are gonna come up
to our door and be like whoa bro that is
a scary friggin pumpkin you wanna be a
pumpkin Carver to carve
you know we needed to do is make a
silhouette of your freakin bunhead
so we need to do I don't know if we'd
have enough pixels for it by the way Ali
chose a rotted pumpkin for me and now
she doesn't want to give me the good one
anyway so I just want to say thank you
to our awesome sponsor lynda.com slash
pizza they teach you how to do a lot of
cool stuff that has to do with YouTube
videos cameras photography I use them
every time I have a problem or want to
learn something new with like time
lapsing or anything like that so get
your free trial and say thank you for
them sponsoring the CTFxC be totally
awesome and allowing me to keep learning
and make the videos better for you guys
so go check it out guys want to see my
pumpkin I called the indifferent pumpkin
oh good allies it looks like dory don't
look like dory that smile looks like
dory doesn't look like dory
yeah alright guys in the comments right
now there's a better pumpkin ally with
the eyebrows or buying different pumpkin
I'm gonna have to say Alex oh I'm gonna
call this killer George we're gonna call
it George let's kill her George are
freaky Fred by the way guys were
completely making history she just
informed me this is the first pumpkin
she's ever carved in her entire life
ever ever I mean I can remember like I I
know when I tried I might have but I
don't think I ever have one there you go
your first jack-o'-lantern
now I think it's a pair they're cute
came out pretty damn good mm-hmm
tomorrow I am leaving for buffer fest
which means I'm going to Toronto which
means I'm going to see a lot of CTFxC
r--'s which means epic videos but that
means I got a pack you know I'm gonna do
I'm gonna get some nice clothes I might
bring that in the Volcom suit that I
bought for Travis's wedding you know get
a little fancy this time hope you guys
enjoyed today's video don't forget to
click the little subscribe button
wherever the hell it is I still don't
know where it is after 10 years and have
a great night
you
