good morning guys it's tattoo day excuse
me my excuse me ma'am
probably found like a wall what's up
come on get back
oh so the alley has a PBJ Thunder you
can't be there if the airbag goes off
it'll smoosh you poor dudes literally in
a lightning rod right now that's got to
be the scariest place to be right now
there's a lightning storm with thunder
storm there's always like I am so happy
you brought me two things I forgot last
time the GoPro extra battery and a
sandwich or lunch and look at this alley
protect me by old much like I'm going to
school where's my Capri Sun am i
lunchable
I want my luggable did we wake you up
too early Marley
death Thunder yeah so it's kind of a sad
moment because this is technically the
last tattoo session right until we do
the whole to do the whole get over here
there's another thing I got to show you
we basically get the elbow and then
we're gonna do another world like all
the touch-ups right yeah we got to
finish up the back right now and kind of
cover it up also I want to show
something that's kind of terrifying
because I know my dad for 30 years this
only happened once in my life boom it's
gone what you guys think should you keep
it or leave get the mustache back
Internet tell me what to do I think it
doesn't do a little garlic more like I
have more hair than you finally now oh
yeah yeah you do like the homework
literally that's the most terrifying
thing to me do that one over 90 some
quick math yeah six years old it was
terrifying
guys terrifying give me elbow down let's
do this and I got the GoPro ready are
you hunting for lizards what are you
doing
are you know hunting for lizards are you
hunting for lizards and into the bush in
lola's so calm
just come put on the record the elbow
does not feel good
go on homework no darling in on the
biggie some parts of it just make me
want to pull a el Bali you might believe
it here alone does that hold you'll it a
fun thing over those like no reaction
thing I think sometimes when you hit it
it's as Brown wants to pull up just hit
you rate them off now you can finish
this one you know I worked on the Mac
there just talking much you know about
you but word oh there it is right there
that's if the tip is that yeah basically
whenever it sounds whenever it sounds
bad is it's bad when you hear that
grinding yeah I heard that
diesel diesel they're so sweet you're so
calm just like Zoe is so calm that
sir are you barking at the door are you
barking at the door
so I feel like I want to apologize in a
couple minutes to such a not one area to
be in my little blast total blast right
now once 22 is that I can actually move
it off of your elbow to like I did
mother lost my camera so I haven't had
one in a long time but the secret is the
tattoos just sharpies you guys didn't
know that how these tattoos look so good
we were just gave away the pair see what
this is all sharpies this isn't a real
tattoo guy that's all sure this was done
I didn't like it's in this group God
didn't let your Hellboy dry long enough
and that's why does it look like he has
chicken skin that cold air Homer Homer
dull everything gets after a tattoo yeah
what did you do that yeah we were just
talking about white this looks a little
bit like faded
looks like that might have to actually
shave my arm so that's gonna be
interesting that one here you have a
little pin here anywhere okay by a hair
like you I would definitely Cheri
Burcham Parma yeah these cold at the
winner in whether it's Chuck post an
evolution I'd I'd survive run around go
back for the yellow this time with color
everyone saying all the fun stuff about
the elbow kind of true
if anyone ever says you that getting a
tattoo is not that painful is a liar why
am I doing this
Lola carding or dragging afraid I'm
afraid of that's under you afraid
yeah looks like we're almost covered
well when I miss covett we just got to
do some touch-ups after buffer test
please you know covers up I was thinking
about maybe doing it maybe underwater
we're going underwater thing you know
like Super Mario Brothers except Co good
buddy sit come on in your paw
feel bear claw hello I know who you are
sir I'm all wrapped up and ready to go
okay good boy carry actually carrying it
you're taking over me take over
everybody
that's the thing about Kobe's gotta give
like a mission good boy someone carrying
it so between Ali making my lunch and my
mom picking me up and bring me Cinnabon
pretty day and Kobe taking care of my
stuff going to bed I see you pal the
goofy saw all the dogs you know that and
the stinkiest looks like you're flying
Kobe
flying through the air gonna save all
the key to cats Toby likes kitty cats so
time to have you know with the family
yeah your coughs no I don't even know
how honestly I'm filming right now come
over here real quick
that looks really good what you're gonna
do is you lift it finish it later we're
just this is just for buffer fest like
you can go this way you could totally
see it I am what I am that's all that I
am it's kind of crazy that after almost
a year that the sleeve is pretty much
done it's got a little bit of touch-ups
and then it should be completely done
but it's looking amazing and I can't
wait to see you guys at buffer fest this
weekend and it's so swollen I can't pick
it off but yeah I don't forget to
subscribe you guys are brand-new and I
will see you guys tomorrow as always
you
