so we're here with Josh this is Josh and
we're at Harris honey this is something
you guys always thought we should do oh
by the way good morning so today we're
going to is called harvesting right yeah
we're gonna harvest some honey and now
Ali is terrified of bees we've had some
relationships that are positive so I'm
not terrified so josh is gonna let us
show us how to harvest those bee hunting
right there I got a couple bee suits
honey you wanna put one on in the
garland will pull the honey out okay and
we're just gonna set it up on here
buzzing around each colony has a queen
are supposed to have the Queen when a
bee is worn the Queen will lay up to
like 2,000 eggs a day and peak seasons
those new worker bees will stay in the
colony for a couple weeks there nurse
bees they take care of the queen of the
younger bees and then they'll become
forager bees so they know exactly where
they want colony they're coming out and
most the time they go right back to that
so just like something like if they're
getting attacked by an sir there's
something they really don't like about
the location they can abscond okay and
that's when the Queen and all the bees
leave Wow and so that's not foreclosure
foreclosure for bees common is swarming
and how a bee colony reproduces is when
they be when they're really healthy and
there's a lot of nectar coming in
they'll make new queen cells it just
kind of goes on the front hey you doing
it the right way look we're putting it
on back it sits up in the front home
doctor so what's this stuff that's just
like pine pine shavings the smoke what
it does is the bees mostly communicate
through pheromone and they have a
defense pheromone it smells like
candy so when they start figuring out
you're not supposed to be in there they
release that says promote and then you
know all the bees want to sting you all
they smell smoke and they're on the time
confused they can't communicate to say
hey that's all sting yeah yeah so it
just it distracts them for long enough
for you to go in there and do it that's
crazy it was fun of year because I saw
that brand new don't want to like put
your nose up because actually you should
put your nose up against it
it'd be like was it my girl Holly call
Denton be beekeepers called the system
it means what you're wearing sissy man
obviousiy that's cool I think we have a
lot of be versed in the videos right now
alright so going in don't be scared so
this is pine do here Shawn what that is
yes I've just showed it I use leaves
pine needles it's whatever's handy
it was raining real bad the other day so
I bought it I usually don't buy stuff
yeah are we going literally into the
nest
I'll show you in action you'll be colony
with hive tool the bees make this stuff
called propolis out of them like Theresa
uh-huh and it disinfects everything it
also sticks everything together so this
is capped honey up here and then this is
the brood the larva went once they get a
few days old they cap them over kind of
like a cocoon when they hatch they'll
chew their way out of there
I like how they just don't care that
you're like right here or yeah that's
the smoke is what comes down yeah let's
take one more look maybe they will get
lucky and see the Queen like the lights
look terrifying listen can the hall yeah
the sound can be intimidating at first
you want to come in you sure
alright so we're gonna pull some honey
here okay try to eat the honey
you want to carry it it's heavy okay
just listen
this is a bunch of bees
it sounds like a swarm of bees there's
really no other way to describe yeah be
careful babe Wow
usually we get a spring harvest a summer
at a ball an empty one is super light
that's probably 40 pounds of honey 40
pounds of honey it's just so simple it's
just like leaf blower yeah it's just
electrically flow so there's no like
exhaust fumes or anything yeah
honey like modern-day bears that's my
camera bees leave it alone it's breezy
swing way to start off the day that's
for sure good morning guys we're gonna
go harvest some honey
so am i I don't use foundation if I make
it like um Toma you could actually see
the honey glisten and shine off the Sun
did you say how many like bees are
sometimes in one of these boxes you sure
you don't to go in there get into the
fun part
yeah yeah those guys we're not coming
off or they're funny with a suit on you
feel kind of invincible yeah it's like
the worst part is now my my face itches
and I'm afraid of itching it and putting
the screen too close to my face you want
to get off my GoPro there buddy when
these get the nectar it's it's um real
high in moisture like watery and so they
dry it out with with their wings and
then when it's um when it gets down
below like 18 percent moisture they
start capping it oh is that what it is
this is naturally capping it they just
big cap it with wax and that's how they
store it's like your winter store how
can they buy some honey from you Oh make
it um we're usually the indie market
okay there we go
go there guys I'll put it right here we
sell out every year quick and so so go
go here quick we made ice inadvertently
bought some of your honey because we did
it at the any market one time yeah and
as you can see all the bees are now gone
so safety first guys
safety first easy get the wax captains
off you just kind of supposed to be easy
oh my gosh that's so cool getting all
the cappings off that is really cool
from two boxes we should get around five
gallons maybe a little more so they use
the honeycomb for sing natural body
products it's like lip balm your cream
that's crazy brilliant I had no idea
they love these dude I think trying to
get honey out of the car
sorry I'm doing a terrible job here come
on Ali you can do it I just I put some
weight on it just to make sure how you
stalling to do this in my my shin I'd
have it screwed into the ground so you
weren't all year and give the song I'm
at these beaches and then that's the
final for our liquid money yeah and then
what I do when I get a bucket full and I
let it sit for at least like 24 hours no
because there will be a bunch of like
air bubbles and stuff in there it forms
a foam on the top okay so if you bottle
it right away you'll have like this type
of foam I mean it's it's it's fun good
if it just doesn't look it's not
aesthetic yeah and you'll start seeing
it look more down there you go just like
that you're bottling honey we make your
free that extra cost when you get oh
yeah handmade honey we're not handmade
but like funny guys thank you same in
local chocolate milk so how many bottles
do you typically do in a day I mean all
day I do a couple hundred probably okay
now you feel like the entire process of
how much of a beautiful here's the final
the final touch over here and what's
this
this is beeswax is all you're talking
about the nice little yeah
yeah okay so this is before and then
take it out let it sit for a second I do
a double double dip it's like almost
like when you put like candle wax
anything here yeah yeah yeah yours is
very pretty I mean try you know it's
your first time Diamond come in very
very cool one of the things that they
recommend is having it like privacy
fence and that way the bees are flying
up over fly otherwise they you know be
like right native people and stuff there
you go guys local honey I appreciate you
guys later
oh my gosh thank you so much this is the
coolest thing ever so everyone say thank
you to Josh the Rebecca Rey for allowing
us in the home and showing us Paris
honey solo check out the web st. Pete
yeah the indie markets right yeah yep oh
my god and there's the event in November
November what was the net cultural
festival ok 18th the 19th downtown by
Green bench what you doing down there
what are you doing that's really Holly's
getting the Halloween bucket all filled
can you imagine is crowds like me like
oh we got another hole 5 pound here I
want a Butterfinger I know we had those
now I know I deserved butterfingers we
were doing so good we were allocating
just a little bit getting allocating was
allocating on no that's all we did we
just that little bit so we can kind of
control herself because once you open
these bag it's a downhill battle and now
they're open and this is brutal
so case in point from yesterday just
lets me do this Zoe are you an alien
take this off please
and I get it off especially if tomorrow
they can do it hey guys so can you
figure out who I am now
good old Dustin had to do it I
modernized my my calculator watch and
Ally doesn't hamper
come on yet so I thought I would see you
and do this yeah nobody's gonna have
that because you built you made that
personally don't like this that's pretty
sweet then you definitely personalized
that remember you have to have blood out
of it years and those finishing touches
for my my Dustin is that I have to black
out his teeth alright so step on the dry
my teeth white teeth are I love the
towel or case you apply thin even coat
target opposite
there we go
I'll come up
wait no you need these probably there's
like a million in one stranger things
but it doesn't matter because we love
that show so much you heard yesterday I
have one little tooth that's come up you
know what it is cuz I had a Snickers bar
let's do the back pack okay so Ally made
this obviously I think I showed you
earlier and she okay I don't know if you
guys noticed you dirtied up her dress
too and she got the tattoo I was running
through the forest you were just blowing
up things you are all lit up el and we
got the butterfly which is
there's a devil there's a devil and a
priest
hope you guys enjoyed today's video
please don't forget to subscribe I'm
taking my shoes off right now because
right you hurt don't forget to subscribe
have a good night
bye guys we want to do it you go here
now
