octopus trust jump false alarm
thousands knees so we woke up super late
because we went to what - before a.m. no
you did - no I was up at 8:00 uploading
the video I was up at 8 a.m.
uploading and getting work done and went
back to sleep and then went back to
sleep
Touche six years ago last Monday I
tweeted this I'm gonna show you guys
right here on the screen I tweeted this
six six years ago last Monday basically
announcing the CTFxC channel as a
channel for just unedited bloopers and
stuff like that not the daily videos and
it's kind of crazy to think about like
six years ago what has happened in six
years all the people that thought I was
doing something crazy or stupid or
wasting my time I knew I was doing
something I loved and I was having fun
with and people thought I was doing
crazy or wasting my time that's the
whole idea
follow your dreams be a fucking dragon I
think it's awesome
I mean I don't want to say it's a big Q
to somebody but anyway it's just
it's kind of is the people that doubt
you yeah you're not doing it for them
you're doing it for yourself so it's
kind of like it's like vindicated for
yourself Internet you need to give
yourself a big pat on the back as well
cuz I wouldn't be doing this without you
guys
hands down when I read that tweet I kind
of like thought like what my life would
be like six years down the road if I
didn't do the CT have exceed or if I
didn't do YouTube in general I have no
idea what my life would be maybe I'd be
President and not be President I don't
think I'd ever be able to be present or
run for office no I'm gonna announce my
presidency for 2020 for the time that
they can run at seven four years right
yeah 16 20 24 I'm gonna run for
president 24 you guys would vote for me
if I ran for president right what if soy
milk is just regular milk introducing
itself in smash just ponder that any
internet ponder that baby Sophie in the
cup : there's a bathroom in ages dopey
just don't pee in the car here's a peek
take your pee take your pee is that
gross you're gonna wake up one morning
without an eyebrow Alec go to bathroom
to hear diarrhea
forever there's Matthew he's gonna kill
me and so we're gonna try to do this
galaxy candy apple with the Jolly
Ranchers it's like a craze on interest
right now this is my bear only thing
with the beach I think I got the leash
pick it up what is it oh oh they're just
mine alright I'm gonna take a nap so
we're gonna go into a li vision right
I'm gonna take a nap
while he's napping I'm actually baking
so like I said earlier I'm baking
c4 attempting but a event I have to go
to tomorrow we're out to bake brownies
and cookies I'm praying to God that I
don't poison anybody so hopefully they
turn out well I'll let you know like I
said I'm just trying to figure out
barley Tony wakes up he gets a little
surprised so
stick wrap on a toilet so I'm gonna see
if I can get him already got it on there
it's worth the attempt hopefully they
don't turn too bad I'm gonna make
Charles try a few that way no I don't
poison anybody tomorrow but woke up we
got brownies cookies Brown Rowdies
it's a brownie cookie brownie cookies
and guacamole made yeah hell yeah it
could be better
as you inhale it you are clutching on to
that pizza
thank you very much my pleasure you need
just a little bit where's this British
accent coming from really anyway before
we're gonna make candied apples Galaxie
candied apples I just wanted to remind
you of our monthly audible promotion if
you don't know audible.com saucy tf-x
see if you go there you can get a free
audiobook something I do all the time
for example this year is the third
anniversary of Steve Jobs is death which
is kind of crazy to think about and
there's this book I read a couple years
ago when it came out as you can see it's
freaking heavy but if you go to
audible.com CTFxC you can actually get
the audiobook which is a lot easier to
put on your iPod iPhone you know your
cell phone in general your computer a
lot easier to look around than this damn
thing let me just do a dramatic drop
there's a dramatic drop so like I said I
want to read this book again but I just
don't want to lug the stupid thing
around so go to audible.com so CTFxC and
get jobs by Walter Isaacson and you can
download it on your iPhone your iPod
your computer and that we can listen to
in the car really good for like long
drives like we just did so thank you
again to audible.com for sponsoring
every month the CTFxC go there guys
down in a description get your free
audiobook you don't have to get this one
but this is the one I'm gonna be
listening to this month you don't wanna
be a nerd we're gonna do these things
called galaxy candied apples but
basically Jolly Ranchers melted so we're
gonna make them no I think you need to
shut your piehole
we need more great well great get some
will Drake who needs a smoke detector
when you got crazy Zoey my girlfriend is
so dainty galaxy apples remember if you
guys are young
please get parents provision or
supervision super glittery they're not
so much here do a lemon do some
watermelon it doesn't stick at all
because it's a watery
all right there yeah are those my
glasses
Ali's doing almonds I did a marshmallow
just made a green jelly rancher a galaxy
purple dollar Jolly Rancher you're
bursting me I thought I was bad see this
is how you have fun before you have to
take chemo pills I don't know if I
mentioned that today galaxies everything
you failed
where's the cookie candy a black olive
that'd be the worst prank ever for
somebody there's some candy guys
there's like no way to eat this thing
what's this that's the only to do is
crack it wastage other answers that's
how hard these are that's two skulls
cracking oh my god you shattered my ball
pursue Apple Wars to see whose breaks
first well my Apple win or well how is
Apple win uh lovely it's not of a bitch
that's out there already well before I
go to bed I have to take another dose of
poison to make sure Ryan isin't big head
is safe I hope you guys enjoy today's
video I really do and is I think I was
saying earlier is really crazy it's kind
of crazy see how time flies but I truly
truly appreciate all of you guys some of
you guys who have been here since the
beginning a lot of you guys just coming
and maybe he's watching this for the
first time and if that's the case don't
forget to subscribe this video and to
another six more years 20 more 16 more
years I don't know more fun I'll see you
guys tomorrow as always love you guys
oh really good meet Oh No
you
