good morning Internet the walk of the
zombies although you think we're gonna
be the first ones here no this hundo
come at the same time they've beaten
turned rock though I'll give you guys
two guesses we're at just two two
guesses were rat it's not Taco Bell
let's not them all using that phone good
return later the stairs
so we literally have like 10 minutes to
get to this plane right now one of the
few times where we don't actually have a
play over
just hunter and I right now
he'll make it well showing you guys what
the emergency stuff was that no one of
those planes had to be like an emergency
landing we couldn't take off until it
landed that's why there's all those
emergency lights everywhere
places people another nice Apple for
what the airport we always get sucked
into this place surely our toy store
Danny you need a bag what does that
wheels it's kind of awkward wheel it
though what are we supposed to do it
like that so that seems like an aqua
Widow like this last plane then I'll be
home it's freaking cold up here actually
what is the weather like here's the
forecast through October 14th 2014
- sup Ted what are you doing here sir or
ma'am hi Zoey
girls can't be here my leg up let me
sleep it on safety super-excited mark in
the back I think she just pooped back
there pooped a little back there yeah
the other turd back there I have a turd
there's a turd in the punchbowl there's
a turd in the punchbowl well I'm just
I'm just kidding oh I'm just kidding
she then turn it in there eat it turd in
the car apparently my mom got some
breakfast for me and I sat on it
so go good morning beautiful how are you
come on Cathy Wiggles and missed you
aye aye captain Wiggles does anyone in
the does anyone in the internet world
know where I got captain Wiggles from
it's from a TV show that's where I got
Zoe's little nickname captain Wiggles
career Wiggles if you know where it's
from
you're my new best friend get beautiful
when you come down all right we gotta
switch it to the dark side tonight only
the dark side what movie is that from
everybody you know Air Bud to one of my
favorite things to do when I get home is
do the montage where I fall asleep I
always like to see what Zooey Marley do
around me so I got to take a nap but I
promise we'll be entertaining and huge
cheesy music now
today's the day Ali goes to dockside
she hasn't opened it up yet gonna break
it so Ali got an iPhone and just arrived
so today we're taking her to go on the
dark side she would open that thing any
slower
beautiful isn't it it's lovely right
sent me Galaxy they're really so we're
done this new one they don't put
anything on the front on the other ones
they've always put something on the
front ya know a giant Apple we're
supposed to do what'd you get it where
do you go there you go put the window
down see puppy
don't sir please good stop talking to my
dog the only one and it's at this mall
that I literally haven't been to in like
15 years so if we don't come out you
know where we're at
if we come up missing you used to find
my friends app I used to park here and
go in that that back way actually just
do this work here
oh my going that back way don't do this
back way so we missed all go no trust me
there's a tumbleweed I think I saw a
dead body rolled by but everything's
closed this place makes me feel a little
bit more comfortable because there's a
pink there's a pink custom car no
everything's post hey I bet you like 50
bucks there's a Spencer's in here I bet
you there's dispensers that sir
entertain that's their idea of
decoration now sad because I was a kid
this was like the place to be again used
to always gone by the way that the one
that wanted to come in we were coming
right here that would have been the door
I used to be a wall ride as a kid
probably my G goes a little hot topic
you wear that one probably that one
where the
gives me candy the devil me do you need
this out that screams me doesn't it
that's a it needs to say diva on it
though or princess queen bee say I'm
gonna get you a sparkly case you're
gonna have to wear it can never be
insulted ma'am security security slowly
slowly
I'll allow it
it's pretty cool
no game problems there Oh Jericho not on
here they did probably put it on there
let's see pretty eyes
they macros okay that's kind creepy what
do you want make Cindy who Cindy Lou Who
I shake your head we got to say as a
rhyme that you want to piece of
watermelon I get dr. Seuss rhyme I would
like to walk walk I would walk around
the the neighborhood but first I would
like a piece of watermelon the quench my
thirst green eggs and ham
don't make him cry that's an infant's
cry
he's crying I don't know I infection
let's do it looks funny though now the
key is what you can do with all that ice
they want to eat it what are you gonna
do with it
like Christmas I always just want to hit
your bun okay let me get it say it it's
a so floppy no I have to take the dogs
for a walk alleys running somewhere
she's taking her new phone for a spin
it's actually freaking dropping in
whether it's in the upper 50s right now
thank God I just realized it's part of
those I just probably realized this is
part of the creepiest like angle of
light ever this is actually a favorite
time of the year is basically hoodie
weather which by the way if you guys
didn't know the new hoodies shut up if
you guys didn't know the new hoodies are
on sale right now at CTFxC Merce calm so
yeah if you need a hoodie you might as
well get an awesome CTFxC one so you can
look completely awesome but you know
what I'm actually really cold right now
I don't know if you can see him you can
use him actually goosebumps so I'm not
lying right now
I'm actually legit cold right now you
guys ever want a freaking salad come to
Ally she knows how to make a salad I'm
currently transferring everything from
here all your memories onto the new
memory machine are you sad are you
excited I'm all about making new
memories
oh see get good thing for all my galaxy
friends I still love the galaxy
don't hate me all right guys before we
go to bed it's time to take a little
pups go pee so they don't go pee in the
house and don't forget to grab your
hoodies the links down there in the
description below have a great night and
I will see you as tomorrow's always
you
