good morning Internet welcome to our
second home and our just our loose child
over here we're going to Pennsylvania
right where else seems like that's all
we plays I don't know I feel like every
time I say we're going somewhere it's a
hoist Pennsylvania it's gonna get
beautiful more beautiful more beautiful
every single time we say it though
the airport is so scary I feel like this
is where like the zombie outbreak
something happen there's like there's
like three airlines that fly out of here
sorry I just got all my damn fish sub
dead that's my fish sir
back away
you know what I realized he is worth
pointing out my awesome are you in the
back I'm just gonna call this to Charles
buck but
I think it's gonna be new fashions I
feel like I could be blindfolded in the
Atlanta Airport and nowhere to go this
is like one place I can literally just
close my eyes except for the people that
be the only thing it's got a greenish me
pick up the looks readers look yeah
cause this shirt right all right sir
what color is this shirt gray I picked
it out Greg the dark ice we all think
great anytime that there's any option
for cereal that's more than one most
people just get one not me this fella
three of them well seven of them take a
smorgasbord it is pouring right now
good morning Florida
good boy found Duncan sup buddy I'm
Tendo see get some sleep buddy Dan put
the iPhone 6 and skip the iPhone the
iPhone 6 plus the iPhone 6 and 6 plus
and skinny jeans 6 6 plus I look cool
right all right let's see your phone
I'm done with the bullying sir or your
phone what's with all the pouting Oh yep
yep all right I got it I love you too
love you but okay look okay love you do
Charles left this morning to go play in
your show and I want to say Pennsylvania
I think in Pennsylvania I'm not sure I
should probably pay attention to him
when he tells me that I am just kind of
hanging out and st. Pete today hanging
out with these guys
diesel saying hey hey hey
well with diesel and hanging out we're
gonna go for a walk in a little bit and
then I'm going to go ahead and hang out
with one of my really good girlfriends
Julie and we're gonna go listen to some
fans and you know do different things
like that for the night but I think I
need to take this little guy for a walk
in a second he's kind of bucking me are
you ready to go
is this when the flight here apparently
was delayed I think it was telling you
like two or three hours I fell asleep
and then I guess because of the rain I
woke up randomly I woke up and I thought
we were texts it out there's like can't
we're here and then I looked at my phone
I did the location on my stupid phone
and it said we were still in Atlanta two
or three hours I had no idea well we
made little progress let's stop by Taco
Bell I feel like this is like deja vu
numerous times we try to get somewhere
because we're late and literally just
don't yeah but there's the hotel right
there
and it's back on miss you
now check golly did I ever mention that
whenever I walk them I swear it's more
like they're walking me I don't know do
you guys ever feel that way I'm gonna go
in and grab a drink and yeah I think
they need one too
I definitely need one after that walk
keeping up with our tradition of playing
basketball every college so we try to
now Danny you I hang on the rim buddy
all right this is what makes me think
that we played here before every college
starts looking the same kid white man
jump o close now Danny your turn get
those Air Jordans on that's the problem
it's not wearing Nikes
you did a couple more inches this was
always my favorite shot to try to make
who's gonna get it before Danny or me so
damn close finally one farther beat
Danny
I don't know if you can hear it we've
been bearing
who's this man never mind this is take
100 Jesse let's going in
nevermind let's take 151 baby gonna go
in
Oh
I feel unfulfilled right now are you
kidding me I got there don't I have a
shaved you to do this for the bottom
yeah wait I'm supposed to punch it from
the bottom ain't really there from
England everything doesn't like hipsters
in school that's those that's how you're
going to be a hipster when you punch the
bottom and capris oh yeah just stupid
all right doc Duncan trying to put the
plus in his pants I think I would try it
there's no cameras in here so agent he
done just wears now back at the hotel
for at least an hour and a half asleep
then we have to drive to the airport and
go home nice little day trip I don't
know if I'm allowed to tell you exactly
what's going on but there is a tour in
the works right now in December and
that's all I can say right now it's
going to be pretty awesome
not that trap do we tell them about the
tour yet there is a tour in December
coming up first a Florida tour
take this there's a British Dunkin
delivery car that's my last name
all right so I get to sleep for like
three hours then get up and go home
but before that a couple people want to
say goodnight to you guys so I'll see
you guys tomorrow as always don't forget
to subscribe and hold on little all you
got to do this one two three I missed
that guys
