good morning Internet I'm gonna be
honest afternoon good afternoon Internet
I blame you again give me five yo you're
five ok good job guys ready to go to
rocket ship today who wants to build a
rocket ship we got a rocket ship one of
the CTFxC years gave this to us while we
were on tour the UK so Ali just got here
you already build rocket ship valley
rotten shit let's go build a rocketship
mean we're like while a balloon dog blue
dog hey Marley do you want to be balloon
dog it's not too soon bro that happened
years ago I'll keep I'll keep you safe
don't worry I won't you fly away I was
getting this fool for the spaceship
right AKA coffee do your fuel Cyrus big
knife got you something coffee no I
thought you wanted I now I just got to
thank you
I thought you're not allowed to have
coffee so that one out the door I
thought this would be nice oh this was
very nice of you yeah yourself thank you
thank you
please put your window down I want to
figure it yeah I thought I throw your
coffee out the figurative window right
there read the window no I need to
really be better about that you tried I
don't know what it is it's like I did
the root beer I know what the record I'm
sorry but it's delicious with the doors
locked and you're free Marley yeah
can we go to space now that you guys are
paying attention that's the keys get the
that's the key to always get the dogs
tired so they listen right naked I want
to drop it down your face all right you
need the water you're panting you're
obviously hot okay I'll put some look it
put it back in here once the fresh water
right there gets brand new fresh water
so he never touches it such as snoot
is it this new you're obviously tired
alright so this literally is just a
trash bag
donnie darko does you know when they
like sailing but like oh yeah yeah with
the wind blowing
the sides open that's why isn't blowing
up this is why we're rocket scientist it
is like donnie darko I where's the hole
I gotta do some repairs and I up and I
just held him tightly this is rocket
scientist I wish this thing actually
lifts no habla grand that'd be so much
cooler science and now we close it felt
like we're going to space or anything
everything about this just screams
inappropriate doesn't it worst kite ever
so now we have to just wait for the
solar solar pneus to happen basically if
son's got to heat it up and the
molecules got to heat up the way it is
isn't it the molecules got to heat up
the air inside I'm not gonna go into
exist side stuff I'm literally flying a
garbage bag right now so we're last time
you flew the kite now you're gonna fly
the spaceship okay very important that
you don't let our spaceship go no you're
letting it go weirdest toy ever Bob
Marley hates trash bags that's like the
one toy that we probably shouldn't be
having right now get it Marley I'm
having these realizations that were
flying a trash bag and it makes me laugh
you kind of got it you popped it why we
can't have nice things you like Charlie
Brown right now watch out Zoey
I think we're just impatient you killed
the head girls are obviously entertained
we've done a lot of dumb things on the
CTFxC we're flying a trash bag it's got
to be one of them I can't seem to get a
freaking taught on top like on the top
so there was a hole in the ship so you
know what we did we just Apollo 13 did
we just cut off part of the ship it's
kind of working now I think it's just
got to get hotter now I didn't film but
it was actually pretty high doing it now
I don't know it's funnier the balloon
are you trying to get the balloon up I'm
gonna go false advertising on this
little guy will you think this is a
failed rocket ship I don't think this is
gonna take up a little freakin mosquito
probably you're so not amused it's like
right next to you don't care just have a
terrifying fear or bags now it's like
rubbing up on conserved she's like I
don't care let alone Marley no gas no
pumps no puffs no hassle I'd say we had
a lot there's a lot of hassle imagine if
it's hard to put a freaking trash back
in the end all hard it is a little
actual rocket ship in the space girls
you ready yeah you're right oh now it's
working I'm not doing anything anyone
need a trash bag holy airships are not
toys it should be operated by
responsible adult was that you this time
what are you doing
watch fragmented you can't even kill the
bag get him get him early so we got him
first tell me all your field well that
was a fail bitchy girl the other be
bitches grandma called you girls like
music bitchiness to Kobe's just gooby
hey you know better sound without you
know better I want some that cranberry
please yeah you don't realize we spent
pretty much the entire day playing with
a trash bag do you realize that yeah the
world today's video it's just a company
you keep and it doesn't matter what you
have you can have fun with it but
literally a trash bag a trash bag you
and the girls looks nice and fun day so
with my face when you put mushrooms on
sorry I love mushrooms like red clean
him I get the cat fulfilling its pop
them in the through alley picked up
scary movie yesterday and I'm picking a
scary movie today watching so I married
an axe murderer it counts it's still the
horror section it counts after watching
hannah juice that counts too we can do
that luckily it's just a one-day show
get my pants sure they're my funky shirt
i hope you guys enjoyed today's video
and i hope you guys realize that you can
have fun with anything even a garbage
bag if you're safe you have to be super
safe yes we promote safety hope you guys
enjoyed today's video i'm gonna go to
bed early because i have to wake up at
like five in the morning to go to the
damn airport also don't forget to check
out the hoodies that just became
available for sale links down there in
the description you guys to check that
out so don't forget to subscribe you
guys are brand new and I will see you
guys tomorrow as always doodles judo
tu delft
you
you
