good morning Internet gave Marley some
peanut butter staying healthy use the
foot where do you do in huh hey Lola
Heidi you gettin real excited there I
know how are you how are you you won't
go outside do you want to go outside and
go play all right let's go oh oh yeah
what's up come on let's go
I'm trying to remember the little bridge
of art of war I can't remember it see if
it sounds like it think is it
think that's it
it's so funny though it's like when I
got surgery is just like it comes back
to its like muscle memory I pop
Christmas song it is alright if you
don't know that song we can't be friends
I love this song our last month so they
cut down my poetry in the back of my
house because they screwed it up and it
broke at the top and I thought is it it
like rings for like the rings around the
tree or inside the trees how old they
are but just looked inside this palm
tree and now they have these little dots
oh it's it's not bad that I woke up this
morning and I burps now there's funny
Ali was burping up clam juice like all
freaking night I feel bad he's still
doing it now dude I found it found it so
if you can't tell Diesel's awfully
excited to see me right now
I haven't seen him in a few dates that
I've been out of town but gonna hang out
with him a little bit today and hang out
with my sister I had a short day so Yes
Mother
this time I blame I blame you this time
Zoe Zoe stepped on the camera shit yeah
I blame you it's your fault I just got
this replaced like three days ago I
swear my dog broke it I swear man my dog
broke it I'm not mad at you you know
what you did right I broken a million
these you can break one because the
first time Joey or Marley is broken a
camera what is this
did you do this did you do this you have
no remorse
the Internet's gonna blame me for it
thank you
there he is the infamous lizard hunter
when I sneak up on him
what are you doing diesel hey sir I
wonder we can't have any nice things
he's a goof
what are you doing catching any lizards
in there buddy
no Zoey stepped on it she's ashamed
right now she feels really guilty she
stepped up the screens broken hey
Kaitlyn yeah I'm pregnant
anyways we were in H&M and we ran into a
really awesome girl who recognized me
we're just pretty darn cool cuz I'm not
used to that yet but her name is Chloe
super super sweet
wouldn't say hi Chloe it's nice to meet
you but we're gonna have lunch now so
Ali brought a bunch of stuff from Warped
Tour saw all the toys from Warped Tour
Ali took home because they couldn't fly
home with them so girls it's like
Christmas merry freaking Christmas
what's the first thing you're gonna grab
out of there do you guys not know these
are toys look at this the giant dragon
you had the dragon I remember someone on
what tour gave me these things
it's mr. refrigerator what's pizza
what's that in your mouth
killed another dragon yeah this one does
have eyes so you can't destroy it now I
get to go tell him that my dog broke my
camera do you think they're gonna
believe me when I say my dog broke my
camera I would say yes you're gonna I
know you so I can't decide if it's
embarrassing or badass the second I walk
up to
service they go hello again mr. trippy
and they just know what happened is that
badass or do you think that embarrassing
new camera scary movies xxx nightmare
movies no Charles no scary movie
what does a kid that used always freaked
me out one of those things used to go
back and forth the ghost both carry 5%
which one
I'm freaking out that you like these so
much you should see this one
Oh
you want to watch other scary movies
since you ready I'm just gonna make you
just make you jump all the time I got a
pizza pie can we delete the pizza do we
have to watch the scary movies what's it
Zoey Ally's gonna make me watch a scary
movie
you get poked at me that's what you get
it's called Karma you protect me
theater protect me I got the camera
fixed I'll have you know I'm not looking
forward to this excited so I was like
slow down
funny part she's had no sugar today
funnies always like playing in the mind
get it and we lost her not a fan of the
scary movies Ali jumps so high and then
Zoey's been farting the whole frickin
time so we had to put a like a damper on
her ain't gotta protect me you got to
protect me just call the Ghostbusters
immediately excuse me sir is this the
Ghostbusters tell the hurry no it's red
coat cafe
don't want bill murray no no bill bill
bill bill come on bill you said you're a
little loud bill no bill is that true
why'd you cannot look bill dirty I guess
we're best friends and he allows vinegar
lemon anyway before I forget don't
forget to go CTFxC Mertz calm the new
hoodies are available and on-site right
now there are two designs and multiple
colors so go there CTFxC mercy calm get
those so you could be awesome this
winter pretty much if you are those
hoodies you're guaranteed to be awesome
my guarantee so don't forget to
subscribe if you guys are brand new and
I will see you guys tomorrow
doodles
you
