good morning guys it's 3:00 a.m. and I'm
doing my traditional every year is it
open or during the new phone iPhone okay
it's all the websites working for sorry
about the website sound I keep getting
this over and over again I know this is
a stupid and lame but it's just
something that I do
I'm stupidly and nerdy it's kind of sad
actually think about that I'm doing this
to be honest but then I think about the
past I've had every iPhone for 10 years
now I guess is so now it's become like a
I don't believe cuz right now I can tell
you now it's late whatever I don't know
if you guys remember that one year where
name was early iPhones where was like
this huge debacle what the site went
down and everything they were farm ready
for it I think was in the vlog I'm good
like losing my mind I'm just thinking
you know what wait am i doing well we've
got something for you in his store
special please come back soon we got
filled with me
if your ass is asleep everyone's asleep
you and I will chill and then we're
gonna go back to bed
still nothing we've got a big old belly
now we can do nothing
I used to be mommy to sleep
rumors relying not up there bad be doing
you know I just thinking it would be so
funny it's like I got it to the last
part to purchase and you can just go
dude dude dude cancel that kid going
down
Oh
so I think I got it I got it I was weird
this store on the website worked and
okay well now I feel stupid
so I'm gonna go back to bed and I will
see you guys literally in the next class
back here back so I woke up this morning
and Alec got a great idea which I did
not think she would say cuz you know I
got the I tried to get the thing but the
site wasn't loading so it's it's two to
three weeks out which isn't bad I'm not
totally worried but we already have some
wedding registry stuff like a store down
here in Campa so she was like why don't
we just go check it out and see but I
mean it's kind of late right now so lets
everyone just pre-ordered and forgot to
go to the store there's no way it's
worth a shot
I was interesting
or shove it up abilities there
I think so too last couple times I know
I did it one year it's gonna remember
what year it was for I think it was the
same thing where I just was like I'm
just gonna go out but I didn't go this
late and tomorrow we got something cool
and I get you tomorrow it's a see if it
doesn't whatever I weigh next to me well
I feel like a complete idiot specially
for years of doing this
it was the pre-order it wasn't released
the release is known around the 3rd so
another third would be the day chaos
ensues it was it was a good idea
at least we can don't look at the basis
or something like that or at least we
get to be in the Sun you know like
vegetable atrium type of thing oh yeah I
did notice over winter stuff Santa
like that it is October 27 in Stanford
yesterday should need you making toys
right now oh he doesn't make them be
else but I bet you there's elves are
there
so this next clip is probably a little
controversial when it comes to Santa
Claus and I don't want to ruin anything
or say anything about Santa Claus that
might upset it okay so right now put it
on mute and I'll go like this when I'm
done that means you can come and put it
off from you or just put your ears the
engineer's
so ready go do that meeting you should
be over there making iPhones and Xboxes
and things that like I'm handing out
yeah okay this is actually kind of funny
know back in the day like old back in
the day like in the 50s or something
like that you know the toys were kind of
silly they were like fall on a cup or
something like that was like you
wouldn't like a wooden toilet ball I can
see an elf making that but now like it's
things like where Santa is making and
stealing what your IP intellectual
property like Xbox iPhone Samsung or
Playstation stuff they're just making
these things for free and giving them
away
okay welcome back I hope you want me to
do now so now it's a hangout since I
completely screwed everything up I'm
totally collectively guy confused okay I
screwed it up I said we had a good idea
if I screwed up the most attention
no it's only Alexei's don't they make a
bad decision
where at least we're uploading the vlog
right now so if you didn't see
yesterday's vlog it took a little longer
that's because we were at the mall
stealing wine
for a wedding a registry with that
cratenbarrel
and good idea
well here's the thing if I loved that
day exactly what I was gonna say it's
like I was watching around I was got a
phone call and we were just watching
people going in and out of cratenbarrel
no it's not they don't look like me with
kavik patter pants Ali and yeah like
we're gonna go in there and was we all
super dressed up some places we just
done yeah they are but it's just some
places Ali and I just do not fit in
every time I come in a place like this I
always remember when JJ and I where it
was in New Zealand or Australia we
wouldn't destroyed these glasses with a
baseball bat
why was it pink back home having that
that was awesome I can't wait to do it
again next time we're in New Zealand
actually we're going to New Zealand New
Zealand Australia we they came back on
the back so they do there again I don't
know who's worse now he did you tacky
you're both pretty bad hangout but
somebody's eating your foot and your
tail
apparently this cat's favorite thing in
the world is string cheese rapper look
it's behind you I'm not buying you any
more toys I'm just gonna give you swing
cheese wrappers he's so simple-minded I
love it
you want to try it though I'm learning
very quickly that cats are not as I
should say easy to take care of his
puppies because I went to grab a drink
and I was like where's Rika I couldn't
find her and then Zoey found her she's
chilling in the refrigerator
like an idiot you want to get out it's
probably cold in there Thank You Zoe for
finding her Rika get out of that come on
you cool cat get it no seriously get out
get out out
that's something I'm learning about cats
because I know when Zoe and Marley were
puppies they did not try to get in tiny
places like that hey babies do bet
oh no you trying to go in the wall going
in the dishwasher now you guys
definitely warned me about curious cats
and this cat apparently has seven more
lives I think she's already lost two you
go for a third you almost did put
yourself in the refrigerator I got
goofball she's getting smarter though so
what about if I do it too you think yeah
I'm used to this stuff so people often
ask me if people often ask me it's
become so stupid no people asked me how
I get Zoey Marley to do the things I do
like let me put hats on them and
costumes on them and they sit there for
photos and like just chill honestly what
I did ever since they were little I
would play this game there used to be a
website called stuff on my cat calm I
don't know if that's a website anymore
if it is I love that site basically
would be people stacking things on their
cat while they're sleeping so I took
that principle and I would try that with
them all the time when they were little
puppies and ever since then they've been
so chill with me stacking things or
putting things on their head or doing
things like that so why my goal was I
know a lot of people are like trolls
what we could be a cat and the thing is
I'm letting her be a cat but at the same
time every cat that I've ever met mm-hmm
not a big fan of cats so I've decided
that I want to kind of like hang her
around the dogs a little bit more so
that way she's got a little dog
tendencies going on even though then
she's got cat tendencies which cracked
me up Charles and I Friday night and
we're like it's cuz we got food right
now we just made these really like we
could go out it's Halloween weekend it
would be so much fun
or we could stay home because the
long-awaited
we've been waiting we've been literally
waiting forever for this I think it's
been since we discovered the show it's
been a long time long for yeah and uh
new episodes are the new season yeah
Oh stranger things is finally out and
we're like freaking out we're so excited
about it
Diesel's here I don't know if you guys
saw that this man's here so we're
thinking about getting all the dogs and
just kind of like bundling up on the
couch and we're so binge watching I'm
still no honestly I have been waiting
for this for so long and it's finally
here
and I know it sounds so silly Internet
I'll just kill the one two lame how lame
are we it does sound lame but I have my
vices which tend to be TV shows Charles
Isis our Apple products stupid gadgets
yeah so we're gonna like we're gonna I'm
so excited like it's just uh uh we did
your thing this morning we're doing my
thing now all right so good night
