good morning Internet no my beans dried
out my beard trying to get that man car
back
well let's go come on go be goofy come
on
this is stare at me get over to this
water come in take your time whenever
you feel like it it's like a daily
occurrence I think you guys are figuring
out pretty cool pets or go on to the pet
store oh I'm sorry do I get some food
you gotta pick up the food for Zoey
Marley you pick it out whatever Tyson
says is what we're gonna be eating giant
rawhides i meant to go here and get a
key made from Alyssa's apartment waiting
hours ago I've already ready cuz I lost
the key earlier but naturally its sucked
into watching up a Lifetime movie there
you go
yeah they're so addicting soap operas so
it looks like a CTFxC recognized Tyson
before recognizing Melissa recognized ty
all right like come on I'm not done
shopping
I'd be interesting if you just let him
walk around and pick its food you think
I want this one today
Tyson hunger you are good
was it hard on Yoda you want to do it
Jason you're good friends friendly you
are under you are okay let's get out of
here Tyson before we buy everything I'm
to be a lot of CTFxC r--'s here Petco
huh
gotta pee you do I'm just gonna stop
doing the Star Wars impression so I know
it's horrible
is that what you're trying to do yeah
yes I do I am it's right because you
never watch Star Wars you and Allie we
have to make it a movie night make you
and Allie watch clever he is okay one
more suck I do
I think Tyson thought he was in trouble
that's why he put his head down from the
other head but I can get over how cute
that was kiss on a little baby that's
honestly one of my favorite things is
when puppies are big dogs kiss little
babies it's like this is so freaking
adorable
you can't not help but smile when I get
a freaking key made remind me not to
bring Allie here so much Halloween stuff
I wish Kido he is thinking we get this
for Al she hate it she absolutely hated
it so funny though okay
yes I got food for you she gets toys
Farley already found it so Street for
the purse straight for the purse so we
got your radish so you got a fun little
radish there you go
Marly do not take her radish okay you
know what
did you take a radish you're not gonna
get the other fun thing I got for you
here yes this is why I sold you the
weight and everything it's all go it's
happy since she isn't forget that ball
keep dropping your rash those oh all
right so everyone's happy everyone's got
their toy so why do you look so sad you
have your bear so sad Oh get your camera
away from me I wanna be filmed right now
look like a rank or another little Star
Wars reference good boy very good today
be very good today nice and calm I
purposely got a toy without eyes you're
also cute today cute this galore today
you don't like dogs I feel sorry for you
cuz they're so damn cute granted they
are annoying but you're so damn cute
even rats Ã¶zil dog vlog Ali comes home
tomorrow she stops yeah Ali comes home
around you excited
ma I don't think he does
is it another rainy day guys there is
once to play quick game pack dogs hey
just guys in the mily gonna play to
catch ready pack dogs
it's the simplest things guys who won
we're gonna get that last little piece
what you think is gonna get it I'm gonna
point to it
it's one big Tyson's gonna get it oh
it's so close they're gonna get looking
barley got it she stepped on it
oh there y'all got it cuz I'm calling
Delta right now see if we can get her on
a plane earlier so she'll be home
tonight until tomorrow morning
fingers crossed hey how's it going I was
wondering if you guys had any flights
from Atlanta to Tampa still available
this evening those those those
completely if there's no way to get on
any of them everything's basically full
yeah well that sucks
see that this at the time I wish I had
my own plane or at which I can fly
actually scratch I want a my own plane I
want to just be able to fly all right so
I got a plan I'm just gonna make her
plane am I always something every time I
make a plane they're never even we're
gonna do this wrong and it faster can we
get a jet not just a jumbo there we go
let's even flies air squiggles partnered
with the CTFxC guess you can't say I
didn't try
lil you're over there those ears get the
Goofy's eye your ears all right see how
this baby flies
paper airplanes never fly well I don't
think I've ever seen the paper airplane
fly good like correctly they've always
gone like this and into the ground
mmm zero for dinner this is how we end a
nice day
mmm doing buddy got a little buddy
hanging out where she's been doing all
day twice been pretty much a dog vlog
all day they've been so cute ski cuter
I do have some good news
first off October 1st the new hoodies
will be on sale I know a lot of you guys
have been asking about the hoodies so we
made it October 1st the hoodies will be
on sale while two different designs
multiple different colors then yes the
hoodies will be here October 1st and the
second off I was able to get a like a
flight so early in the morning so Ally's
coming home early in the morning
well wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle
I can't really wag my tail yay party
time
oh and actually one more thing I'll try
to actually think of some cool costumes
for Zoey Martha barley for Halloween so
if you guys have any ideas for costumes
for dogs let me know in the comments I
want to do something really funny with
them anyway I'm gonna go bed now so when
Ali gets here we can actually do some
fun stuff hope you guys enjoyed today's
video but I hope you guys had an awesome
amazing stupendous day I don't know
don't forget to subscribe you guys are
brand new and I'll see you guys tomorrow
as always doodles
you
