good morning it is sup you're a dog
Marla's like hey the cameras supposed to
be on me this is my channel yeah we get
it sir Channel
well there's other dogs in this channel
too alright
Tyson you didn't shut the door freaking
born in the barn sorry talk to Holly
this morning she was telling me tomorrow
world is freaking crazy
she's been trying to get some footage
unfortunately I said I won't be able to
get it until she comes home because
there's like zero internet I would
personally die out there I don't know
how she's doing it but she told me to
say hi to the internet for so she said
hi
so I'll pretend to be Ali there's a
storm a-brewing I decided to bring the
dogs out to the Astro field okay okay
what a wimp don't even with the ball
guys boy come on buddy start again my
dogs suck at being dogs lead good job
Zoe
third Marley
Oh Tyson from downtown
think fast good girl so so he took a
poop this is not gonna be gross I was
just more funny watching this is what
she did that little thing
all right you guys suck at being dogs
all right guys we gotta get out of here
one let's catch Tyson good boy get out
of here we're all lightning rods
over here do not judge me I'm currently
watching the Real Housewives of New
Jersey do not judge me I mean I'm just
totally watching the commercial what are
you talking about
it's totally Marley's fault Marley
turned it on let me restart that guy's
so I was laying on the couch and forget
what I said earlier
Marley turned on Real Housewives of New
Jersey Marley come on why are we
watching wrestling there's some racing
or some fishing thinking of golfing I'll
be going golfing tomorrow yeah Jill and
I are going golfing tomorrow so that's
gonna suck for me you guys are gonna see
how bad I am guys really like happy no
more all right I'll try to bring a GoPro
put on my head
Suarez you want turn off the housewives
now please primary one turned off please
its back on
can you please turn it off get ready to
go home ready we lolled dummies I like
how you can't catch a ball but you know
where your frickin leashes you're
totally off it what the hell is that
so off bring the little doorknob good
girl
okay now here we go hey someone hit the
road doorknob you guys ready to go back
to the house good ears the trash she is
all the Star Wars guys are just pissed
off right now
yeah cuz I've gotta go like this voice
is good it is present and Jalen
yeah
you push Marley down the ground dude
I know how you feel and listen in the
country to cuz my sister over our lives
first Greece then the Real Housewives
what did I just say I was just trying to
have a conversation back here you said
oh he's really deep in there better yeah
he's all been that he's in there alright
so remember earlier today they weren't
catching anything that watched Zoe Zoe
ready one two three
still didn't catch it 100 off the team
just fired anymore
everyone's fired Tyson hi ready y'all
suck you suck it bean dogs terrible bean
bugs terrible bean dogs right that the
first one you caught it all right here
you go I tell you trying okay Wow since
we'll listen filler on there there
cleanse and we're at a Mexican
restaurant for my mom's birthday they're
sneaking in chips it's no we have to get
the right kind we're on a special kind
of diet with some very sneaking in shift
so as well just go to a movie theater
camera holy crap
security
dirty
very
security dance fancy didn't figure that
out my mom's birthday
we'll see you tomorrow
are you digging that data beginning that
data's digging it so obviously we're at
a Mexican restaurant
would you ask the linger if they had one
Nakia burritos
you should accomplish
yeah and we got thank you Andy was that
you this is Andy remember seat FX here
thank you so much
she just hooked us up my mom up her
birthday so I know it's not my birthday
exactly but Andy just gave me this over
give me the light look at this it's
Homer
amazing feels like my birthday all right
we got to find an awesome place for mr.
Homer Simpson mr. Homer ain't nothing
everybody Burt Reynolds hang up there
sig how's it going boss nope nope mother
caught the ball I should get a point for
catching the ball maybe we got a bonus
are you doing mr. Tyson hey I have a new
feeling about squirrels since yesterday
sir bring back that squirrel sir that
squirrel is not to be hurt not to be
harmed in any way
alright move girls time to go to bed
booth Allie Haley's calling hey Ben can
you hear me now
I'm just ending the video right now you
want to say good night to the Internet
alright Internet well I'm going to talk
to Allie and go to bed because tomorrow
we are going to go on a golf tournament
with Phil myself in the comments below
who do you thinks gonna win myself for
Phil also yeah no I'm gonna go on a golf
thing this is first I'm told Allie -
yeah everything's gonna win epic alright
guys well go to bed I'll see you guys
tomorrow as always don't forget to
subscribe to guys her brand new and have
a good night
you
