good morning Internet I'm mad at you
come here I'm mad at you tell the
internet what you did
Marley keeps giving Ally the Marley
kisses I have gotten I haven't gotten
any today quite Rouge there's more the
kiss
that's not Marley kiss that's kind of
rude actually now that you're calm could
I have one
why are you so selective with me she's
the one leaving hey do you have any
coffee today zero Dara coffee 0 t only
look boy salsa water let me tell ya
doesn't compare give me all the kids
that I want son of a bitch hey babe did
you see that it was two-for-one coffee
you guy - really yeah I just got puzzles
on it
this is where no obviously what are you
doing in it
losing it guy you know I just realized
you know I just realized they will go to
draw blood on this arm they won't go to
see any freaking veins anymore I do have
two arms all right another thing when
you brush your teeth and you get to face
on your pants and you try to wash it off
and you get water all over your pants
and it looks like it beat your pants so
then what you do is you put water water
all over your pants to make it look like
you didn't pee it or I feel like there's
a lot of people that do it or like when
you wash your hands at the public
washroom or restaurant and then it goes
all over yourself so you're like screw
room just go put all over here so I went
doesn't look like you peed yourself
anyway so he's some blood taken so I was
walking out and there's this older guy
and walk by with my arm because damn
that's all he said though I was getting
in the car and I dropped the camera you
are the biggest klutz out of I probably
ever met in my entire life careful
that's a new one I've never heard that
noise would you do but babe why'd you
drop my camera so I guess I'll just use
the iPhone until I get I will no I don't
think I want to use the iPhone now drop
the iPhone I'd like to say I have my
hopes but wouldn't but
in the name of the vlog guys in the name
of the vlog and thank God for warranties
let's just open this bad boy up
we want this giant manual I have not
I've never opened a manual and it also
gives you these CDs which is weird like
I don't want to give you a CD when have
you ever installed something with a CD
or DVD and we're back to the regular
camera and we're back yay you were back
oh yeah yeah I think is that from sit I
think it's from South Park everything
comes out right I'm obsessed with stuff
dude dude dude so I was looking at one
of the other cameras and I just noticed
there was a bunch of like lost footage
from the tour bus and I thought you know
rather than it just getting deleted that
I would show you guys here so here's
some lost footage that happened on
Warped Tour
that's all he says hey Kim you can't
make words out with that Danny where is
your stick I'm honest only so many times
you can make that bum I'm calming it
till somebody to give my gosh this is
Coley's first teacher I got my cereal
with a fork so take my foods
it's like all the milk just doesn't stay
flakes so it kind of stays a little bit
oh I was landing up my new shoes I just
got I'm allergic
hey your hair's like a lot thinner Wow
nice shave your legs no just a couple of
guys and each other's leg hair did you
shave your legs to the camera
uncle I love uncle Travis yeah you do
say hi Aunt Jenny Jimmy
so that means I killed two cameras on
this tour which isn't bad actually
thought I would kill more so random
footage there's one random footage
everywhere on these cameras I have just
cameras everywhere just back up for a
backhoe you guys want to see some pretty
gnarly I was just playing bass look at
my arm now it's all dented so swollen so
swole guys so swole gonna go out there
do I know it's raining scary out there
I've got your back I got your back bro
you guys ready go in the rain it's
raining out there you guys ready already
go pee let's go let's go let's go pee
just cuz you have rain jackets on
doesn't mean you guys gonna stand around
I know her to thunder I'm sorry well
getting everything Thunder get you I
think we found a transformer that's why
we can never find them there Ford
Focuses they've been hiding not in
chargers really slow
what does that guru faith mean what was
the Melissa's yeah
don't play with Tyson Payson Ali leaves
today it's really coffee
he's only coffee do get some Alyssa's
walk by this looks like a pile of poop
right there on the counter Tyson oh I'll
put my head down I got in trouble
tasting you got in trouble buddy lift
your head up don't pretend like jeez
jeez I'm bad boy I want to know a little
secret if you guys have the new iPhone
stupid little charger they give you this
one actually charges less like less
quicker than if you use the iPad one
it's a funnel small electricity can't
get in there doesn't matter the iPad
charger charges your iPhone 6 faster
don't believe me try it yourself feel
like there's a much better way to
express myself but in the meantime I'm
just gonna say this poop on the counter
but you guys wanna hang out with me
watching movies on TV that had cuss
words and when it's the surface saying
the f-word is like holy fruit I've
always wondered like if they have the
actors say alternative words or if they
just keep people that sound like them
because sometimes they sound identical
what it's like to get ready for a little
festival Savannah getting ready I'm
getting ready ready trying to weight
lose your hat turn up what turn down
he turned it you turn to you turnt it I
like it I think you guys are ready
believe
all right now if you know what I feel
like that looks like Windows mary-kate
and Ashley Olsen I used to have those
videos when they were younger you're
talking about yeah but you know I have
my hats I wasn't so colorful and I know
what is totally nineties and I'm like
fresh out of Fresh Prince of bel-air so
this is the type of box this thing comes
in that's freaking cool
that's pretty awesome I think that
Justin Timberlake movie where he has to
wear a bracelet and that's the
currency's minutes minutes at life they
paint a finger okay no no I'm good at
this maybe get away paint that one
god you're scaring me oh god okay you're
really oh my god Charles Darby how good
is that
no yeah I like it oh my god you've got
it so sick on there back at the
apartment
he'll hang out with mom on Zoe and Tyson
get some food there those big old ears
he's act acos my taco he's like where's
the tacos
Tyson tricked me he pretended like you
didn't eat this evening yes buddy
totally it is Tyson you're a trickster
all right Internet well Ally just left
tonight with Savannah for her birthday
hate to go just tomorrow world that
little festival and now I'm sad so I'm
just hanging out with Zoe Marley or just
Zoe right now cuz Marla's hanging out
with Melissa he's hanging out with those
Oh hopefully if Ali gets some Internet
wherever she's at she's gonna try to
send some cool clips because from what I
hear this is gonna be a cool little
festival I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video
don't forget to subscribe because it ran
now and I will see you as far as always
you
