good morning guys tattoo day hold on we
got there
it's a chai tea and you know I hid I
never thought I couldn't have tea I said
coffee
salaries I'm drinking tea I'm not I
swear it's teeth I swear to God
so she's doing good she almost broke
though I was like shaking it's okay
though you did it though I'm finishing
up this part right there the ditch
and then right here unlike last time I
actually remembered the GoPro and an
extra battery and Ali's getting some
done but Liz aren't you she's gonna get
a giant freaking hippopotamus on her
face yeah that would be that
like the nipple but it's like Hungry
Hippos you know so we're here
Dimas and Liz this is working on at
least I'm Dimas is working on me and
we'll come on that whole section right
ready yeah yeah you know you're on on
your face you're gonna get the hippo
this you tell you she's gonna get the
hippo on her face that's this welcome
and we will not be doing it just why'd
you call it OH
we will not be doing that how you doing
out doing go over there you know so
Lizzy's updating a little dove what did
you get that one right I think this one
was done was 18 yeah that was all
wrapped up going in Donna Jensen psychic
remember this is still free it's not
that bad it's gentle yes sir
the fluffy will say my
it's cool over this will make your tip
seem like it's like you can reach in
here strange
I feel like the key is with these things
is just like was like a raccoon they
fake big playing dead he's like just
fall asleep and then just kind of go
everywhere that you can actually fall
asleep just like zone a little bit
although EMS has put it on gentle for me
gentle gentle cycle but getting there
man it's not totally there at all it's
coming along surprisingly knock on wood
not hurting too bad at the time lapse
going over there so I wait you gotta get
to your drop we're gonna get nice
teardrop yeah with your job cat
I think I was like to do when he does
his tattoo work is I tried to avoid
looking at it until it's done but it
turned around I just want to show you
guys this right now Hector and Ronda
like oh my god freakin colors dude the
ditch is done the ditch which was the
bitch is done
wait has blood in it those aren't
speckles of read it speckles of me now
we gotta just do this oh shoot no we
just got to do that part right there no
I guess that part
feels like more than a feeling
I want to find him a lot of color of
that one kid and count how many colors
are in this thing especially right here
I was just telling Guinea last maybe it
was a good idea to go to sleep can we
cover this up I think we should cover it
up
what a perfect song come on - such a
good epic song no if you guys can see as
well as I think you can there we go we
just get next to the epic music well I'm
doing this
turn it up there we go guys see the best
thing about this things we're talking
about there's like from distance it
might seem black what you look you
actually look at it you can see there's
a million one different colors D was
actually was looking I think every
single one of these colors has been used
on my arm
except for maybe like the doubles right
doubles are the only ones use both tubes
pretty much every single thing is on my
arm now and some Alyssa's boaters to and
thanks the lids who stole her colors so
one thing the only thing that's not done
it's right there can you see it that's
the only thing that isn't done right
there you know it's thinking maybe I
shouldn't do my own thing you know no
one's gonna notice you no one's gonna
notice it's we get to do that next time
they're more and more session then we
gotta think of more tattoo ideas maybe
go on this on hey Kobe would you do with
mom hey buddy
can't come in here it's a sterile
environment going there making that
sterile you can't go into a tattoo shop
your hair is help your hair is help put
a tattoo coke
music come on let's go
Kobe where to go Toby how do we get home
where's home up didn't their old man now
the hut for the freakin Dial soap it
gets you some pizza and any pizza I get
your pizza dude I need now I look like a
chicken
we got to find the stupid dial so it's
like that's a harness that's gonna fall
you could can't move
that's like it's honestly it's so crazy
the hardest thing to find is the orange
dial so I never find it you can never
find it anywhere it's like the simplest
thing
success first trip - good freakin - hair
like I said before every time I get a
tattoo I just get exist extremely tired
hey buddy
going on pal you protective mom do the
worst guard dog ever go beyond bar glare
give me your car give me your car now so
my mom made me some spinach pizza some
veggie pizza when realizing this is
really really difficult car so that fun
little time-lapse
I'm just trying to import right now it
was 1,500 photos every five seconds so
you guys can do the math because I can't
really find this import that now so I
can edit that something you already saw
and this is kind of like a weird momento
section of the vlog because you already
saw this no back here but you already
saw it infusing I don't know need to
edit but I will yes be going to buffer
Festival in Toronto from Vegas as a 17th
through the 19th and I think there are
just a couple more tickets available for
the CTFxC meetup or whatever to the
screening if you go to the links down
there buffer festival calm slash Charles
Trippy you could check out all the
panels that will be a part of and the
screening and all that cool stuff but I
think we have a few I think we're at
like 95% sold out so if you guys want to
go and say hi at the buffer festival
that's in Toronto I think it's the 17th
of October through the 19th of October I
will yes I will be there but yes oh I
will be there Oh little swollen it is
guess who's back there my voice is crack
voice is just like you ready so let me
see your tattoo get that one touched up
good job it looks beautiful she good job
and then I got come what may
what does that mean
actually I've looked that saying for a
long time just basically anything that
comes my way I could handle it I'm one
man I can get through it I can get
through and deal with it no matter how
big or small or scary so today was a
pretty successful tattoos day I hope you
guys enjoyed today's video in the whole
process of this thing coming to life
we're still not done we got the elbow I
just I couldn't do the elbow in the
ditch at the same time it was just too
much I can barely move my arm to hold
the camera as it is it's kind of crazy
to think about DeMuth starting with just
this and then turning it into this whole
situation anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video actually in the comments
if you can get any tattoo what would you
get let me know tell me in the comments
below I'll see you guys tomorrow as
always doodles
