good morning Internet so at around 1:00
a.m. I had another damn seizure
I'm okay right now I'm just uploading
the video over schedule or the video
goes up load it in time
then we'll go back to sleep so long with
that crap happiness but now I have a
nice little breakfast so them do healthy
so get out of there that's gross
I'll give you some toilet paper you want
some toilet paper hey doofus it's
raining rocks you just move a few inches
under the freaking house Martha wouldn't
do a couple thank you all right this is
totally not important but just curious
there are two there are two types of
people they eat muffins ones who eat the
muffins so from the top bottom or ones
they eat the bottom to the top and then
make spaceships
I'm the spaceship guy yes
we're gonna happy Marley is pick Coby
yeah be Kobe's here take know he's
Michael P oh by the way remember I was
telling you the other day that the long
people screwed up my tree they chopped
it off too so now they really screwed it
up it's like well we kind of messed it
up let's chop it off let's chop it down
guys thought Zoe Marley would crazy with
this thing watch this guy he will listen
flat I'll just dive go be sick go be sit
down sit down
okay don't and that was mr. Kobe jumping
I'm letting him take a little break and
then we'll try diving again if you don't
remember in the earlier vlogs Kobe could
dive like six seven feet underwater to
get a toy and stuff like that are you
gonna go in go in I don't know a ball
went whoo get it Marv you snooze you
lose their Marv
all right Kobe's on mandatory break
right now and when he's on mandatory
break what he tries to do is he drops
things on fuel and accidentally falls in
go in there go in good girl
go find some no don't try to find
something you're on break your break sir
see little bees well I fell in well I
fell in Kobe Kobe don't
I'm not stupid bro my I know your tricks
I've known you for like nine years ten
years I've known you for ten years bro I
know you tricks I know your tricks
I know your tricks oh and so he's the
only one in the water
hey I don't know her tricks we've tried
the Kobe diving that my mom is lifeguard
for either me or Kobe Kobe there
there goes you did it so you know you're
getting wet by the rain right
if the whole world was filled of water I
would just hang out with Toby this goes
from the pool for getting a bath things
just like do it I don't care you realize
that you're in the rain you're getting
wet now right you do realize that you
guys guys see the slow motion still
somebody sent me on Marley you want to
see this look at this that's you trying
to catch a damn treat oh so nice and
sleepy back there yeah
it's been such a crappy day nice rainy
day but you know you can still gotta
seize today my mom because you got a
seizure today dare I say you got a laugh
at things gonna seize the day guys I
can't stop shaking I just want to have
fun can't stop shaking
I tried getting a freaking case I don't
want to really I don't want to ruin this
thing not because I'm gonna drop it cuz
I'm not but if I do drop it because it's
gonna take months to get it replaced
because they're backordered forever even
though it's raining the one of the best
things to do wait Khloe you get slobber
all over me it's just enjoy the sound
and the tranquility of the rain Marley's
got a freakin a Harley back in the
bleachers excuse me ma'am
Carly so that's what we're looking at
right now guys I don't know but a lot of
rain so after a seizure my day usually
consists of just relaxing because I'm
always kind of just out of it this girl
named Katie on Twitter just sent me this
this is a tweet that I made exactly one
year ago I want to show you guys
literally one year ago was the day I
learned how to read tie my shoes it's
insane what can happen to me here good
and bad and the things that people go
through but ultimately staying positive
get you through it
it's crazy literally a year ago I
couldn't use my hand I could not even
tie my shoe and now I'm playing bass of
going on tour I'm going swimming I'm
doing all those things again I'm getting
back I'm getting my life back and those
of you guys have been on this whole
entire ride I love you guys so much and
those who are just joining us now
welcome to this crazy ride I promise you
my life is not normal I promise you that
it is not normal Oh out of the house hey
let's get some food how's your nose good
it hurts though yeah butt hurt if I do
that no I mean everybody writing all
those like tweets to me you should kind
of brings me out I'm like I didn't want
to sweat on my nose okay good did your
mom like
twenty dollars why
so expensive
cut myself that I can cook because you
you said we let's do something simple
I'm like what are we gonna do for dinner
she's like I'm gonna cook I'm like
alright let's do something simple do you
want to tell him what you did today
me yeah what'd you do today I don't know
what'd you drink today no it's so funny
because I woke up this morning give her
the motivation he needs the motivation
you're where I was I walk into a
Starbucks and I was gonna get the juice
and pumpkin spice latte my pumpkin says
it's one of juice maybe want till you
smell its news but I'm gonna give you a
please grandmother's house do you see
here something
the like love or vanilla is this because
of that coffee you snuck have you been
down
Zoey squeaks this so it's like I have an
idea all right do it what a crazy kind
of day you know I'm kind of relaxing you
know start off the day with a seizure
kind of end the day relaxing just
hanging out totally real acting tomorrow
actually is another tattoo day I'm
working on the sleeve and I think Ali's
gonna get something done by Liz forever
alius but I want no idea where she is I
wish I could ask her I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video don't forget to
subscribe because her brand new and I
will see you guys tomorrow as always
doodles
