good morning Internet first off don't
judge me
yeah there's no freaking Sun yet I'm
letting an ally off the hook I'm taking
in the goober to an AT&T store to see if
I can hit one of the iPhones because I'm
80 at night pre-ordered the wrong one I
know this is why I said not to judge me
let's check this out
there's AT&T store that brother oh my
god I'm not gonna get one this is first
time they've actually ever done this and
it's probably the last now they're so
lucky that a letter just sleep in it
they make you're driving
you lucked out making some progress the
Sun is kind of coming out how would I
like to bet that pure torture that's
right there and I can get on your
torture what am i doing
so the morning is here
rain drops as the McMansion
I think we had like 40 minutes left you
know it's kinda ironic about this whole
situation is that I have these people's
iPhones will die in this line the
batteries does that man really
now don't move around I like Apple
products I like Eric boom but doesn't
mean I can't make fun of things all
about experience guys see spirits
disrobe myself
I just wanted to show you guys it's
craziness and we're moving I think this
is giving me she's packing up their air
mattress the literalism air mattress
over there look at the tools of the
trade
Starbucks chief balls of the seat so
Kelly they're only out of pluses which
is good so hopefully people leave
mr. cross hips right in front of me
didn't kick some fun
just breathe you just breathe 528 I'll
kill anyone in 60 back in front so
little victories little stupid victories
guys so close just happy that I woke up
at 7 and that's it all night so leave it
to stupid you 18 to you to screw
everything up if I wait and landed I
will walk out with a stupid phone I'm
going to I don't know I'm gonna flip
some tables that table probably but I
gotta keep reminding myself this is just
dumb phone I dragged my sister here
clubs getting so lonely so here's the
ironic situation waiting
dealing with all this crap it's not
going to get this phone I'm just gonna
want to smash it's been causing me so
many problems and issues now I'm trying
to work it so unless it gets her surly
she's switching from the plus to it no
super sweetie big the super super fun
supers like that this should be called
it the supervision
I'm going to bed yeah Tyson one thing he
was so excited so you saw somebody in
the bedroom it was like Zoe she has got
a guard dog revive me mind me never ever
ever do that again ever in the hilarious
part is I hate being on the phone well
it took me longer as I was being a good
brother and I hooked my sister up for
the phone high-five
she got the gold one we got matching
gold ones and I made her get a case she
said she didn't want a case tonight we
looked at her like like that flip show
me other phone you guys want to see her
other phone flip it over it looks great
really quick oh yeah I never gonna get
Alex he's probably hanging out with the
dogs going crazy and hungry Victoria I
got it I got it Marley I know it really
took how many hours how many hours I
leave you 25 it's the old one let's get
that old one out of here the iPhone like
seven days yes seven days and then
you're to the dark side restoring my
phone because what's this internet stock
my baby
you're gonna get 30 no he's restoring
this restaurant has faster internet my
sister does what we don't get don't yell
at him right now you five years I I
don't believe you I don't believe was
just typing I don't I don't believe it
at all
I believe that you helped him I did I do
believe this hey thanks enjoy you know
Joey do it
it was Zoey the whole time visit Tyson
hi I owe you an apology
I owe you an apology i I'm apologizing
I'm sorry
I apologize I found the other culprit um
ma'am if I just yelled at my dog because
of you I'm gonna get so she's just like
what I'm posing and ah so apparently
seems like Marley may have done the bad
stuff she hit the peanut butter jar she
had it in her mouth it's holding it I
don't want it not it no while updating
and doing this thing I'm gonna take a
nap
scoot over Zoey taking up all the space
big big booty cuz you gotta pee
because you got big be really careful
big dude
we are conspiring against Phil we're
gonna put dog ice cream in a bowl and
get him to eat it
Frank's coal are smelly did the whole
she was laying next to me knocked my arm
and you I don't know how many times it
has probably happened to people where
the phone just falls on your face so I
think I might have a black eye but the
good news is my phone's fine I know a
lot of you guys are worried lower phone
so that you know that is very loving of
you though first thing she did ask was
if my phone was okay I mean the texture
is ice cream by the taste is right
that's a bad hard Internet we're gonna
play a game in the comments below is a
Tyson Zoe or Marlee we set up a little
camera and we'll figure this out tasting
Zoe Marley in the comments right now is
it you is it you is it you I don't think
it's you so he's protecting Allie all
day today
so I've dinner and I wanted to look at
the camera and see what's going on can I
see a white light that's pretty tall and
it's not Marlee
I don't want to walk get yeah you're
getting high yeah let's go let's go how
gonna go do that for me you're in the
film that was being a nice person she's
warning the dogs don't run away you're a
liar you're a liar I saw the video
you're a liar
Margo's just ten dollars go pee and it's
time to go to bed I want to go pee now
hope you guys enjoyed today's video
definitely success just for a stupid
phone I get it I get it trust me
hope you guys enjoyed today's video and
I will see you as well as always don't
forget to subscribe if you guys are
brand new
