will we meet Alan for woody meow and for
I heard you diesel is not gonna like
that no he's not gonna start talking
like Marley now hey what are you
thinking oh this is yours okay I'm gonna
make sure diesel doesn't know I was
finishing editing and uploading the blog
and all of a sudden I started hearing
the meows and she does that when she
gets locked in something oh she just
does like Marley just starts whining
it's for attention go get mommy some
coffee yeah dad I want to go right now
okay
she needs coffee too all right we're
going okay everyone ready for a car ride
until you're ready for a car ride yeah
car ride car ride I just realized I want
to go get Starbucks and the girls gonna
see me like this
what's so funny you want to not sleep in
this so I don't look so goofy that'd be
pretty helpful
you'll be back there with the girls all
right so the cat went to the back with
all the dogs she didn't want to live in
our proof ooh see that's actually gonna
funny
I'm all for gimmicks you want some
zombie Frappuccino you're gonna try to
aren't you and we could just play with
this
Oh simple-minded you want to smell it
they don't have cookies at this place I
know I'm sorry
Wow that's way better than a unicorn one
a little too much sugar than I don't
know where they have but still I'll give
it a solid beat b-plus
apparently Marley's not heavy enough to
trigger the seatbelt so when I was have
to put her in a seatbelt so I needed to
do that in second
there you go mark safety first you ready
so the tip of a lightning invited us all
to come out as their social ambassador
and I think they might have gifts for
Ali and myself I'm really excited I
think we did this once with Danny so
this is gonna be actually kind of a lot
of fun that kind of it's gonna be a lot
of fun at first off I gotta say thank
you to the Lightning for inviting us all
out because it's it's so much fun to do
this I love hockey I love hockey games I
feel like that's like the most fun out
of all of them all right we gotta find
out where were supposed to go Highgate
be Sara
hook this all up and you want to put it
on first use a tripod
okay the trip pod get it see you see I
thought it was funny you think Sara whoa
you guys are officially lightning well
yeah
how cute okay turn let me see the
matching last names yeah the same
favorite number so we were fighting with
you you know it'd have been really cute
if you guys got your wedding anniversary
as the date I'm just saying I'm sorry
it's really cute cuz these are your
favorite numbers so this is where the
Zamboni comes from comes in this area
we drive this to drive this I don't
really care about being on I want to
drive it we got a bunch of this pump can
combine it to this I got it right there
I don't know if you guys remember we did
this a couple years ago Danny
shut up she said the good food was down
here so we got to go for what they gave
us really awesome jerseys with our names
on him can I like how arrays did it and
Ali had a fight Ali and I were fighting
on our favorite number business well
three whether she got a backup which is
12 my backup is 35 with his Frank Thomas
so I won that one all right so this is
Teddy who's one of the ones that
actually brought us out here so with
Sara and Teddy everything that you want
to say to the world internet world hello
it's nice to pilot everyone say thank
you to Teddy to thank you guys for
coming in seriously appreciate this
appreciate this part where I'll be
hanging out we go
fancy that is can you grab that one yes
I want that that looks delicious
not only are we at a hockey game and
awesome teeth but we have delicious food
which is good because I think eat today
what you're gonna get huh
Alyssa gets Southern second camera hits
on apparently I'm on now I drink my
drink super fast without two hands
and because I'm the best husband in the
world we're not holding Ali's
I found the only place I want to be the
whole time this is all I want to be
right here you keep it to the girls to
find more food what's that both okay
yeah I'll take some of that shoot and
we'll put that in there it has been a
least favorite place which one very good
what'd you get
to do it from up here would you like a
really cool
we're super tall everyone
we're not playing nice but this review
see alig on number 12 when I got number
three there's sweet jerseys
this is humanity Oh what happened now
another fight of the Redwings playing
dirty
piano team a punkin penalty
so I can win that car I don't think he's
color beautiful Jersey again
all right so apparently that's the guy
from blindside right
so there's two people any ice cream this
way this way
normal alia nope you didn't do it like
me
in the comments how do you eat ice cream
using like a spoon or fork or you just
bite it like a crazy person what you
have a fork they have spoon
so tonight was I know it's a ton of fun
I definitely had a moment Oh pure
fangirling do you know what that moment
was okay
so has anybody seen The Blind Side with
Sandra Bullock might ring a bell
see main character in that it's based
around
besides Sandra Bullock's character is
Michael Oher we actually met the
gentleman that played him tonight and
he's the nicest sweetest most humble guy
ever and it was such a cool moment for
Melissa and I we talked him for a hot
second and he apparently is living in
Tampa now but he was so nice so not only
did we get this amazing experience at
the game coz I love watching hockey
Charles knows this right we did it's
super cool that was a really cool trippy
life a little big is a little small
mine's a little small but I feel like
yours looks better well the thing is
that it's a woman's Jersey so it's
supposed to fit a little bit so I'm
gonna have some I guess this little
small just like it's a little small but
that's okay and she's got 12 cuz I was
your old basketball jersey right uh well
I was three yes I know but anyways we
won pretty cool but it was really cool
to be able to do something like that I
sometimes like I think we take that's
the wrong term to use but we feel so
blessed to be able to do these type of
things with especially like local
situations or local people local groups
anything of that sort when we are
whenever they bring us out to go and
like really experience the entire event
is really really cool and it's I don't
know I just feel so blessed that we get
to do it but then on top of it we have
that like extra bonus it's like the
cherry on top of the ice cream on top of
the whipped cream they got to be this
really awesome actor who is just like
the nicest person in the world and find
out that he lives in Tampa it was just
cool it was a great night
but Ali thought it'd be funny for me to
go photo with the cheerleaders so I
tried to make the most Awkward face like
possible this photo right here
it wasn't just me was actually Meg and
Marissa
it was floor Meg she's the one who just
twists a little bit yeah I need to get
some sleep there's no wake up for 3:00
a.m. iPhone 10 I will see you guys in
the morning for the iPhone 10 you guys
they have with me I probably will
somehow get force into it though anyway
don't forget to subscribe and we'll see
you tomorrow bye
