good morning
my gosh Marley you're like night and day
with your belly it's really dance
come on Simba look who's in the water I
want water imported from the Great Lakes
of the Appalachian Trail so don't worry
I'm coming to save you the lifeguards on
duty
Simba oh I can take a breather
like get in the pool now right now
her eyes with the jet completely cooled
go to sleep
come on we can be friends stop hiding
behind Bali she's not gonna fight all
your battles I'm getting some editing
done right now and look at this dog she
wasn't here mind you like two seconds
ago until I put this kitchen back down
here was just this she got off and
walked over there walked away from me
once I get a cushion second of
reflective cushion just pulled the
natural order
look who won sorry Zoe you always end up
kicking her but don't yeah she's older
but she still win wiggle wiggle wiggle
wiggle wiggle
what legal wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle
what wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle
what what's so serious okay I'll sit
back here come on girls ham it up you
want your cookies on ya we're at
Starbucks poppin cookies right sir on a
mission to find food ooh
pitas which is successful victory was
embarrassing
are you guys in some jingle shots a
shingle shot
I don't know if I mentioned earlier it's
Savannah's birthday today so we might
actually go to the beach or go out to a
downtown be kind of cool to get out and
do something a little bit different I
get to show up my fancy new shoes I love
I showed you guys my fancy new shoes
they're fancy feel like I need to start
the day every day jumping in swimming in
the pool I think it's like the best
exercise you know they earn your monthly
too much oh look at the little tiny girl
Marley a little wiener dog Marley
so Ali's learning that I cannot keep my
attention my focus when this is on you
know what you need to do is to start
speaking you know learn how to like
speak like them like an idiot that I am
I didn't do my research and on the eve
of the new iPhone I'm switching it from
the six plus to the six I didn't realize
how big the iPhone 6 plus was so I just
did the research now because you know me
I'm like because I'm old because I was
all trigger-happy what it was coming out
and I realized that big it was so I'm
switching the six because I realized I
have genes I can't put a freaking iPad
plus in my freaking skinny jeans
I'm an idiot that we found Ali's twin
that looks just like you
that's crazy where's the birthday girl
hey good how you doing another party for
your birthday pocket-sized fucking
Savannah
this is how many selfies of you guys
trying to take 1/5 Jefferson how many 5
yeah
first person to run it - it's a fee yeah
baby
first how I roll at bars
in the comments
yeah and everyone say happy birthday to
the birthday girl
jokey pants
these guns all right - I believe it was
who ate the trash got to the hot sauce
if I stopped look probably Marley I know
it's not Zoey because she's cowering
she's like I swear it wasn't me I told
her it was not told her not to do it you
have the ears when you do those ears you
know something's wrong morally but you
do what you do yes you did your bad
stuff you did all right guys well this
is gonna be sounding really nerdy and
dorky but I'm gonna go to bed because
I'm gonna wake up SuperDuper early
because I screwed a light ordering
process for my iPhone and I'm going to
the AT&T store in the morning not gonna
do the Apple Store cuz I feel like
that's like a mosquito to light I'm not
gonna do that but at any rate this is
dumb shut it good
are you pooping Dana poo anyway I'll see
you guys tomorrow as always
anyway I love you guys so much and I'll
see you guys tomorrow as always have a
great night there we go what
