good morning Internet first things first
I'm gonna check out this golf cart
everyone was saying to add distilled
water and I did I let it dry and I
plugged it in this morning so let's see
if this thing works okay fingers crossed
why won't you shut up why won't you work
well the good news is I have a meeting
tomorrow with some golf cart people
could be some exciting news so keep your
fingers crossed on that one at least
actually do two fingers cuz one didn't
work yesterday girls I got some bad news
golf cart is dead hey I can't fix it I
tried that's what I was told to do and
it didn't work why don't you go fix it
then Marley huh I know you can't
what do you guys think Ali thinks I look
dapper look very handsome yeah yeah
thank you sweetie
all right so I've played a little joke
or prank I guess it's not really joke
I was like he was like what's your name
all right write squiggles I'd be
hilarious I think we found it
this is ridiculous that is $12,000 the
guy said he can make this go super fast
rate this is a 2012 and what we could do
is we can get this one to look like like
the red I do like the red look at the
bus thing
oh my god it's gonna bus there's so many
of these things this is more fun that
you're hiring a car babe we can get one
of these if you sell ice cream out of it
what do you guys think might get the
white one and then custom it to a color
if we custom it to color in the comments
tell me what color should we do it - I
like the red this is beautiful so that
was fun
you want to go or do you want stay here
I feel bad if you're myself Tory hasn't
been by herself for seven years you want
to go to the velvet
sorry Zoey you got to go - all right
let's do this
Oh see she let you off the leash yeah we
Marley is so good at the doctors she's
better than me
all right you Mari see how heavy you are
at the Milan at the Marley they get you
some food
he's losing their mind how you doing
back there
everyone good cousin al you look like a
hippie today
please love and pizza peace love and
young no no it's a game what did the
hippo say hey you bye
there's a turtle he'll do what does the
hippo say okay what is the Jurassic no
Turtles
I'm a turtle
what did the hyena say I feel like onion
is a very nice person hi does the
narwhal say hello once again PFT
you look gorgeous how's it gonna be a
compliment you look pretty
you're welcome banana high five for
eating healthy still which one of these
magical bags has your toys figure that
one oh yeah there there you go
keeping up with the random baby things
there's a bunch of other things you guys
sent me baby octopus baby asterisk a
baby Ted a baby owl what's the baby all
whoa all that squeaking in the
background that you guys heard now look
at her
this is all she wanted straight chillin
like gangsters right now on a rocking
chair
that's what thanks did you later
you
you
that's a leaf trying to fake it out
they can that good broccoli no barley
doesn't like it did she eat it so while
I was editing today's video kind of
reminded me of something like a question
I always get over and over and over
again how do I end my videos like with
Final Cut 7 how do I do certain things
like the time-lapse the slow-motion that
you just saw like basically how did I
learn all that stuff so if you're a pro
at YouTube which I don't really think
there is a pro or you just wanted to
start your own YouTube channel I would
suggest going there especially learning
how to edit because a lot of people
always ask me how to edit even myself I
find it hard to learn new things and
because it's challenging takes a lot of
work a lot of time and I found this
website really helpful learning new
things and pushing myself so they are
going to hook the CTFxC up with a free
7-day trial wait look at the URL
lynda.com slash pizza that's how cool
they are so if you go to lynda.com slash
pizza you can get your free 7-day trial
unlimited courses unlimited classes you
can learn to see what to do with the
GoPros you can learn to see what to do
with a time lapsing you can learn stuff
about Final Cut 7 you can learn stuff
about Final Cut X which is latest one a
YouTube banners
like all that stuff I mean trust me even
myself I've been doing this daily for
six years 1960-something days that many
videos like I said before if you're
really looking to start your own YouTube
channel this is the place to kind of
learn everything so you can
one-stop-shop I know some of you guys
are partly oh it's a sponsored video do
you guys want it this is this is
something you has been asked me for
check it out check out this awesome
looking pizza yeah it looks pretty done
I like how it looks like United States
in the comments below tell me what this
looks like guys deliciousness
other than deliciousness I see a turtle
turtle I see a turtle like wait there is
a huge turtle look at this freaking
presentation killed it bed I was like I
would like some of that piece of please
so a lot of you guys suggested this is
Ali really likes being scared in scary
movies to do the Slenderman game so I
had the Slenderman game already for
I will switch is the good camera so that
way we can get her she freaks out all
right breathing heavy oh god I feel like
a spaz trying to walk this thing there's
a sideways chair it looks like what is
that something I haven't found any of
these pages
this isn't funny I'm not gonna sleep
what's that oh god I'm scared
there's nothing in these buildings
what are those I feel like he's like
behind me and I don't want to turn
around I got it this has helped me you
pick it up I can how click it god help
me I don't know where to go
don't look or it takes you oh god this
is bad this is bad babe this is bad this
is bad
girl get your momentum my lifetime I'm
gonna die I'm gonna die going in circles
I'm scared he's gonna be right there I'm
so scared I don't want to go touch it oh
my god I have him right behind me and
I'm freaking out and she's not fucking
running she's tired she's been walking I
was so scared
well on that note you want to take the
dogs out of the bathroom
No thank you Internet if you have any
more scary ideas let me know in the
comments she got some pranks I get the
scary stuff too hope you guys enjoyed
today's video especially scaring Ally
you
