dr. time whoo so Ally's being awesome
and taking me to the doctor
what'd you do nothing bad guys just a
checkup killer
are you insane I don't feel freaky look
freaky
yeah what do you think you look okay no
choice all right guys here's the
ultimate test if you see a dragon that
means you're awesome if you see a bush
or a tree that means you need to grow
down a little bit okay I'll tell me what
you see a bush or dragon bush your
dragon a few dragon there we go
you pass a test is it time I'll I can
see a wallet okay all the girls out
there know that target is awesome and I
can't help but use their little wallet
thanks I'll destroy it I think it's a
thing that guys like you got a whole
side over here
oh sweet but we don't just kidding and
there it goes
this time we get doing this little what
is it called
point versus thank you say you know
you're to a point where we should and I
thought I was a big star bucks
No looks like a flowing enjoy now coming
out of Starbucks near the Starbucks
angel
currently lost panic button I'm
panicking now my dad panicking panic
hell we're on three come on now I'm
panicking
so it turns out Ali and I were the
complete wrong parking garage high-five
Siri from now on call me Charles the
rikki-tikki mother awesome bomb
you wouldn't like me to call you Charles
the rikki-tikki mother awesome
bomb yes
my buddy
you pick them up I want it all right
let's see if you can find the elusive
Ally still have wallets I'm trying to
get Ali to go to Hot Topic it and gave
like a foot not one she doesn't want to
do it do you want the blue pillar the
orange pill
we know it's red but I actually had my
lunch pills does it quietly tires on
since city liza woods character these
are very unique sir did you look scary
everybody loves everybody doesn't seem
like it's like boy forgotten please read
the new one of the stranger stickers
I've ever seen a legit drop your banana
I've always wondered if it's actually
possible to slip on a banana peel throw
a bunch down let's see what happens we
got four bananas I got a better idea
guys should I get a go-kart or a golf
cart I feel like a go code would be more
fun
that's all they got sidetracked you came
in here for plates and utensils ended up
in the video games are you a fishing
pole it's gone the back of my yard comes
with a fish so you already succeed this
probably sound really really dumb but I
love the fact of when surge protectors
have USB ports in general I just loved
when things like airplanes have USB
ports I know it's stupid but I just love
it it's as simple things in life guys
the simple things or like this look at
this a dimmer a wireless light so a
timer five points in the red bucket ten
points in the green bucket
five points Michelangelo all right
Internet who else is sorely sorely
disappointed with the way the Ninja
Turtles look no that looks freaky your
eye this doesn't work we keep eating
those damn cookies
you sure yeah no just do it come on
Goldilocks eat it refrigerators yelling
at you you itchy your allergies coming
out again if there's one hitch
really one acknowledges delicious
healthy lunch
Thank You c'n dogs have cucumbers yeah
Marley a cucumber right you did you love
her it's a pickle it's a pre pickle it's
always a snob oh okay
but now she wants it she's like I'll get
if you get the you asked I pretend to
give the Zoey she'll give it all right
I'm giving it to Zoey
and giving it to Zoey Zoey tree carrot
now she's eating it just gonna hydrate
you be like a genie and that's what
you're a genie in a bottle baby totally
gotta take a nap today day three of the
chemo always is really tiring right day
three of the chemo is always kind of
tiring feel so out of it right now
like when I'm on chemo right now there's
a third day I'm on it I have to take a
dive and three times a day and one at
4:00 p.m. so like after 4:00 p.m. I'm
just like completely knocked out which I
feel normal I feel like I need to rest
while I'm on this chemo but truthfully
like this is a thing I always feel like
when I'm vlogging the daily videos I
always want to strive to make something
entertain
because if I'm not entertained it's very
transparent you know like when you see
somebody do something and you can tell
they don't want to do it
you diff or watch somebody do something
like I don't know if they don't want to
be somewhere you could tell that right
on their face but example would be if
you look at somebody driving an RV tank
look there's a when I was driving an
armored tank you could tell I really
liked it I was having fun I feel like
that's very transparent
I mean sometimes guys I just need to
have a boring resting day because I am
going through this chemo and everyone so
I have to remind myself that I'm doing
this the way I deal with things is I
ignore things and I feel like that's
only something you could do for so long
thinking back this past years been like
it's got serious ups and downs like
serious ups and downs but I would do
want to confess something right now
without these daily videos I think I
would be a different place in my life
that's for sure because the daily videos
have been a way for me to vent yeah I
have my friends and my family and people
I love like that they all event and get
people's opinions and thoughts from that
aren't necessarily connected in my life
has really kind of opened my eyes and
giving me advice and motivated me so
that's why I love these videos I love
making these videos like talking to the
camera I know I'm not getting a direct
response I know a lot of people think
I'm crazy talking to a camera but I know
truthfully like when I'm walking down
the street people like the cat's talking
to myself and for all they know they
don't have any clue that I'm talking to
1.4 million people that has motivated me
and that's gotten me through a lot like
honestly guys has gotten me through a
lot like all these surgeries so I just
kind of rest gotta get through this
gotta get through this guys gotta get
this gotta get it I know that sounds
really dramatic but it's true you guys
have helped me through life and I hope I
hope that these videos not necessarily
me but these videos since community has
helped some people out there get through
life as well
that was probably the cutest little
time-lapse ever so we you hung out with
me the whole time you didn't part of my
face the whole time
Lily you Marley where were you the whole
time huh you're probably on the bed
weren't you you know I just realize I
made that wheatgrass and they're never
drinking well it's time to go to bed
here's the day for Bing hope you guys
enjoy Cheney's video LF you guys model
doors Oh
everybody panic seriously whoo just
kidding everyone calm down
