good vision
not exactly the Jurassic Park mountains
that I was used to it's actually kind of
funny we're all discussing about how to
actually buy a house up there because so
freaking like beautiful and like it was
just so gorgeous up there there's so
much to do so many cool things and I
actually want to say thank you to fizz
Burt calm for sponsoring today's video
because without them we couldn't have
actually gone and done all these cool
things like crushing a car this past
weekend make sure you go check them out
you can actually buy and sell your own
house basically kind of takes out the
middleman of a realtor and saves you
lots of money so you can go to the
website you can search homes you can
sell your home if you want and you can
just get everything out and it'll just
spread it all over the internet like
spiders like a little good spiders
I like the spiders we saw this past
weekend so you guys think should we get
an awesome house up there in the
mountains and everyone's raw go up there
and just fill them up there
I think we're addicted to mountain air I
don't know if that's possible but I'm
addicted I know a lot of you guys aren't
selling a house might not have your own
house but if you know of anybody who
wants to sell a house or looking for a
house like friends or family your
parents just tell them Fizbo calm I'm
gonna check it out again thank you to
fish pro for helping us out this weekend
there was a lot of fun I really enjoyed
crushing that car a lot a ton three tons
B's Act get it cuz that's how heavy the
tank was and always using my noggin so
check it out guys links are in the
description alright let's start today
alright time to go see the pups that's a
my
go ahead some of your eye doesn't blink
I heard if you pull your eyelid up look
up down left right can they go around
yeah
how do you get the funnier I do that
I think yeah I feel like you've done
that your coffee your a root beer you
know it's kinda crazy the class are
beautiful here but don't get me wrong
but
and then the motors were up in the
mountains I know
yesterday's video when I was riding the
tank or do we drive the tank around the
sky was the best I've ever seen in a
long time you ever seen yesterday's
video go look at yesterday's video and
just look at the sky as you can tell
Ali's getting ready for Halloween
already
sir nepali music
if you guys didn't know already
Halloween is Ali's favorite holiday
actually I got a question Internet in
the comments below tell us some costumes
we should be the saw this Halloween we
were driving to the mall and I'm making
Ally turnaround because I think I found
the creepiest van I've ever seen that
blue one right there you're creeped out
right now aren't you
it says caution children is that an
ice-cream truck
oh okay yeah that's even creepier it's
like come on kids is there someone in
there
once a my scream stay away from vans
that don't look like ice cream trucks
just just go to a convenience store get
your ice cream from a convenience store
don't take candy from a stranger
exactly I think legitimate ice cream
trucks are possibly a little bit
different if you are with your friends
and family or family or parent or group
that was just like a that was an astro
van with stickers plastered all over the
place that avoid the apple store because
the new iPhone supposedly comes out
tomorrow don't listen to what I say if I
say I have to go say no and just pull me
okay don't let don't listen to anything
I say I might say the most horrendous
things possible just let me just keep
pulling
Internet what do you think should I make
the adjustment to vans would go this
stucco completely all out I think I
could rock those or maybe should I go
galaxy Nikes let thing that have been
really sad is switching from the
converse the Phillies time for a slight
change I see it it's right over there
right over there
you're doing a terrible job of getting
closer and closer and now we just ended
up here I thought you look what can i
play
no that's just as bad as saying you can
go to publisher you can look with your
hands you've learned recently that heads
mean Lucky Penny right heads up Lucky
Penny
you know Sabina has beard Lincoln um
yeah Lincoln on her farm yes dad you're
terrible at this
you think be sure you don't go to the
Apple store sure you don't want to go
yeah
I said don't let me go no matter what
this to laundry time did your little
rabbit onesie on this thing I bet you
put that on dogs and fight Jason barking
probably do you miss me yes okay okay oh
it's good to be home but the only
problem is this is not what you want to
be greeted with damn it so I gotta start
that this week time to eat more poison
so I barley look like that so I try this
out on you
so Marley wanted to be the first guinea
pig hunky are you guys ready to switch
the puppy cam or let's not go swimming
thank you baby
well we hold our breath lady whoa thanks
that's a lot of poop lacking anything
they use the steps
this guy's ever want to know what Marley
looks like when she's rolling in grass
yeah I feel like we're gonna have a lot
of fun with this little 280 if you guys
have any awesome ideas let me know in
the comments is it cool if Zoe where's
it now
my heart is yours lead this moment for
more the arrow fight on Eagle downs but
our voices pride the chase
stop
now they went to the grocery store came
back with some deliciousness look at all
this healthy food is that what people
buy healthy food do since this week it's
kind of one of those weeks is the chemo
week we're good
yeah juicing veggies deliciousness and
healthiness but it should always be that
way should always be that way right all
right hold on wait
yeah a little something there thank you
I got it having fun yeah I really am
like this is cool
oh sorry it's it's fun doing the
spaghetti squash it smells amazing
remember guys if you have any other
awesome food ideas I remember the last
one was the cauliflower pizza crust that
was probably favorite are the
cauliflower mashed potatoes that was not
a butcher gggggg
I want to poop on that phone if you poop
on this phone you're getting me a new
one did you did you did you our an
iPhone I might just wipe it off I know I
give everyone Android people a hard time
it's only for fun part is that time you
have to take this crap do use the 11th
round I don't actually use the 10th or
11th round I'm not actually sure but the
key is that it's working and it's making
everything good so everyone please
fingers cross everything does well this
week I'll be honest I mean every time I
have to take this crap freak out a
little bit I mean wouldn't you look at
that bag it's freaking crazy anyway
don't forget to subscribe you guys are
brand new to the videos and today's the
last day for the 10% off for the pizza
t-shirts thank you guys so much for all
the love and support and all the fingers
crossed right now and I love you guys so
so much and I'll see you guys tomorrow
as always
