how was that comfortable Rick are you
stuck I'm doing the sweet girls were
sleeping too you guys want me go get
diesel
mr.brother Alec have you seen my stapler
my stapler
it was Hitler that's been the staple
we're kicking off today's video trying
to find a safe way she's out we're
trying to find some Halloween stuff at
how he's so pissed off this is all it is
it just has one pumpkin sign and it says
pumpkin spice and everything nice hey
isn't this the place in Hawaii
no that um that is not Hawaii bad
Australia it's Australia isn't it
somebody find that vlog and maybe we'll
cut to it now decide if we want to go in
this pool or not I feel kind of dumb
going in the pool when the oceans that
close and it's that amazing yep that was
definitely Australia we were starting to
realize that reek is starting to become
a little bit of a becoming more of a cat
but meaning like she's like scratching
things and we're considering getting one
of these like post things but the thing
about the scratching post is over so
she's gonna look stupid and ugly in the
house so we have to try to find one like
those big tall ones you know the cat
trees or whatever no way I would never
want where those I mean this one's not
too bad and they're pretty gross I don't
know why they're gross they just look
girls I guess if it saves our furniture
that could get you a medical alert it's
ok good I'm actually 62 I use a walker
okay wonderful is that but if I fall is
that if I fall I can't get up type of
thing
I love the only reason why I do that the
only reason I do that is because I
worked as a telemarketer so I know how
annoying that is but at the same time I
know how it made me laugh when people
mess around like that with me I would
hang up obviously cuz I'm like oh but I
would laugh I would tell the person next
to me in the cubicle the dating company
basically what would happen is people
had we never could like just call me
randomly they have to fill out the
application for us to call me no matter
what it's November one time I called
this guy because I was just like trying
to help out and what is this work a what
what makes you think that I'm alone I'm
like well sir their only way that I
thought I would ever have your numbers
by you filling out his application he's
like I don't need anybody favorite
stories at one time I was talking to
this lady and somehow she kept me on the
phone for a good I'm exaggerating thirty
minutes or something like that she's
like I talk to you until my husband gets
home and I'm not even kidding
then all of a sudden she's like oh I
gotta go my husband's home and she
didn't hang up the phone right away he's
like who are you talking to that to you
I was I know it's probably horrible
thing to say but at the same time Blagh
Blagh Blagh how's it going years ago
when I first started doing these vlogs I
would look like a crazy person but now I
walk around like that girl is the same
like blog blog o'clock they know what
people are doing now when they talk to
cameras I think it's a lot more easy to
do in public history oh that's cool I
need to find one little thing for my
costume
I'm Donnie Darko I love this wig secret
singer and he guesses guys who could
that be
kill a blonde wig who could that
possibly be I love this you can just
play guessing games oh man
especially that one wigs are so gross
you're like the girl from Babbitt a good
behavior she has all those wigs my top
shows that I've been watching lately or
designated survivor good behavior the
knick people of Earth I'm sorry Brad oh
that's it precisely it's the most
awkward thing as we do is dig it in the
back of my pants did it start with you
put your face in my butt so I need shoes
I see the bottom of your feet you
probably need new shoes on seems
inappropriate to make this the oh it
says boo and Ali's just perverted yes I
probably would also running for another
10 miles a day they literally have buses
yeah we basically become that
neighborhood just get three times the
amount of kids which is more fun though
hey little got though a big guy though
is that how big my cat's gonna get alley
and I don't usually get to have a date
night it's kind of like more of a fun
night so tonight it's just out in myself
we're gonna have a little date night
although date night for us right now is
six o'clock so like oh yeah we got old
old people night right now I don't know
if you guys know this about me for some
reason or another I just cannot for the
life of me see food or anything like
that so when we get this guy's stuff I
always have to dissect everything out so
that's it right there I think other than
that it looks delicious but 68 right now
so this is the coldest been in Florida
for well what do you think guys should I
grow my hair out and join a metal band
ally decided to dress up in the rabbit
suit these trip and so when Melissa gets
here I'm just gonna be like since winter
since when do you have like rabbits out
back I know you had the snake I got the
light so then we're gonna go out there
and Ally's gonna hop out and hopefully
scare probably not but we can try and I
got this little light with us so that
way is this is one from Halloween Horror
Nights
so obviously know what's pretty decent
that's our fire pit okay but we're gonna
hide over there you should be in the
bush like you're looking in the bushes
yeah feel like super low like that you
can't see and then if and then if I come
over here
she found like a rabbit yeah
well the second I saw family go I was
like surprises Bruin she's just found
out what squirrels are okay great yeah
it's funny I saw that I thought that was
where your fire pit was like that might
not be a good idea that's only gonna
last a couple minutes father actually
not playing for a second oh hey what's
up Oh check out that pumpkin that one
got a big hole in that guy and there's
the pups going crazy coming around again
oh man taking a life sitting by the fire
because it's below 70 degrees yeah
having some hotter diner girls aren't
really carving we're just observing and
drinking through it you did a great that
you've managed to find the kind of
pretty that's quite a Gord Gord gorgeous
how so good we're so good check that out
that's actually super cool here's gonna
sex
really cool ours already died or bolted
I guess you would say so just got back
from Melissa's house and you know how it
is with Marley it's every time we come
home it's like she hasn't seen us for
three years when it's really only been
about two hours she was running and she
always runs and like jumps on that couch
you like pounced right on this little
one what she's okay
yeah she's getting used to the tough and
rough and tough stuff and she's getting
used to the whole dark light I our cat
is a dog slowly don't take her fuller
I know figure I was telling Charles that
like she looks so different like we got
her she was she was literally like she's
I think yeah she was up to here yeah but
she's so much bigger now and she's
looking so healthy like leave me alone
right now
I know Marley's like give me the flu but
tomorrow I'm very excited we have some
big plans for tomorrow not only do we
have something exciting that we're doing
but also I'm gonna get diesel I told my
mom I have to confiscate him she's been
having so much fun having him at the
house and does not want to release him
back to me but for my excitement
tomorrow we're going to the Lightning
game and we have something little
they're gonna give us really cool what
you guys didn't see is what turtles have
ingested me he whipped me like a towel
or a shirt I don't know if you guys ever
say that when they do that like
QuickLIFT and it's like stains when it
hits your body all just trigger the
boats be sickening your shower I can't
wait
if I got this guarantor out your faces
that is revenge for making me upset one
cat me me out of that I'm sorry I mean I
had to
