today is gonna be the last day of this
beautiful view every morning take it in
I want to show you my hat I've done here
a new game
Alli I dropped my hat that bees just
staring at you right now he's like hi
Alli Alli go to the right he's just
staring
I'm gonna call Jerry Seinfeld his name
is Jerry hey Jerry
go home Jerry all right so we're going
to the tank town as you can see it got
some aviators on for my sister now I'm
gonna get a cigar I feel like I can't
drive a tank without a cigar Oh guys our
tent
do not smoke just even taste awful there
we go take town USA so you can find Todd
Todd sup buddy this is Todd
this is the guy you guys are gonna come
see he's the owner of this awesome
adventure so when you guys are in the
area come speak to Todd and say that we
sent you and you can drive a tank over a
car that every day you get to ride a
tank and crush your car so if you guys
are on Instagram just follow him tank
town USA is on Instagram tell him thank
you don't feel bad about doing this what
are you guys gonna do ever Phil we're
talking about dying in quicksand this
might be the place where you were kids
well we were you were gonna die in
quicksand this is uh definitely once in
a lifetime opportunity guys say thank
you to Todd um you guys are on Instagram
make sure to follow on tank town USA
right right make sure to go tell them
thank you where are we located actually
we're in Morganton Georgia which is
about two and a half there we go guys if
you're ever in that area or just go to
tank town USA calm you can find out
where that you can do all the
reservations you're gonna talk to this
guy say hello to my little friend
get on the tank ready for the ride alive
this hurt
right
leaving
not have a fucking fine
let's try to give you a ride of your
life look inside it
anyone has to be Windies I get so hot
claustrophobic crazy
hi we're going to crush the car now guys
ah
right
and here we go we're gonna watch Charles
crush a car just the wrong shoes to wear
today
lock it straight on over
everyone please look at Philippe's
I think bill wants to take full credit
of destroying his car
well did you just throw that car with
your bare hands
I pretty much started that damage I got
it started warmed up dropped my cigar
got seriously doing this I have so much
respect when people do this in they are
hey babe you drive get a ride babe
go pick up chicks Todd let's go down to
South Beach pick up a bunch of chicks at
South Beach yeah get that tobacco I'm
out
I hate cigarettes the hate cigars gross
Ali did you leave the door open
go close that door were you born in a
barn wide open that no respect I was
like a rollercoaster on top I screamed
because really fast right damn do you
Phil I just closed this door rude what
you said built in the 60s used up until
four years ago and obviously they didn't
have their heads you know poking out so
know what this would be closed that
would be the little thing people would
be looking at us those are the ones your
wipers there's a big guy here and he's
got the same thing here but this spins
around
I want you go left all right on and for
the purists out there this is truly an
armored personnel carrier I know it's
not a tank yeah somebody on the Internet
is gonna say it might as well just say
it now honestly guys if you're ever out
here go to tank down usa.com go see Todd
and dry this beast I wanna say thank you
man hey thank you very much yeah tiger
yeah there you go
seriously guys come out here and hang
out I never knew that was on my bucket
list we crossed it off she almost
stepped in the quicksand he almost lost
me dude
that was a serious problem when we were
kids I know it was an issue he's trying
to leave this beautiful place are you
dick it's gonna be actually very sad
leaving this place so beautiful I just
wanna say thank you internet for pushing
me pushing me pushing me to finally take
a nice slow vacation yeah I know I
filmed this stuff like that but this was
awesome I had so much fun
I hope you guys had a blast too like
coming along with us you look at this
this is like freakin paradise I was
literally trying to figure out a turn
the air conditioning off and I did the
complete opposite the complete opposite
dizzy
clearly look I removed my converse so
wearing fans right now
great very odd for me so we are in a
random way where are we East Point
Georgia just stopped at a random
Starbucks met a significant air just
randomly I don't if you can see it
repaired over there everywhere
yeah watch how you talking and waiting
are you and your is my behind the truck
I read your chip but I got
it's so white Kenny what cellos has got
to go pee there's no like this you'll be
like a dinosaur right I try I said I had
to take a pool I was trying to distract
the other one thank you felt feel like
with Cracker Barrel we're just
discussing I don't think any of you done
at lunch ever you've done what you've
done lunch really have you done much
before breakfast
branch dost love french toast
Oh get there if you love it so much why
don't you marry it yeah why don't you
man yeah everywhere why don't you make
that your girlfriend or else than french
toast sorry baby get move over
relationship with your chart mm all
right Internet we are back home we made
it we were safely back at home this
weekend has been crazy but we are gonna
go pass out right now hope you guys
enjoyed it and I think there's like one
or two more days of the 10% off of the
pizza shirt so go to CTFxC merge song if
you guys want that
alright we're going to bed I'll see you
guys tomorrow boobies and echoes pretty
cool gurus thank you toothbrush bye
that's toodles times two two rows again
you
