good morning guys it is time to go
whitewater rafting make sure things are
safe I bought a nice little floaty that
isn't the camera
that's just pure fog what is it
oh wait there goes almost buddy almost
almost who's this one
and we're back
a little wet you're fine Ali almost fell
out not almost no saw three times you're
falling out and then my man's Fink told
you back there you'll see guns these gun
the GoPro doesn't lie it's gonna hold it
I either poop my pants or I hit a rock
poop myself when I hit the rock yeah
sure
Charles I found your camera other side
of the road here did it fall off the car
yeah son of a bitch you're a mess I'm a
mess
this is why I'm on vacation guys I'm
losing my mind
slowly but surely Charles your accents
are all over the place they got them
lotharian I know I keep saying this
beautiful view but guys now the rain
another fogs coming up even cooler
what do you got going on over here
cheese on it throw some cheese on the
little bit more part of that thing
butter faster babes my god you guys
let's see what Ali found goal April yeah
hope you saw this handprint up there in
the window that was kind of creepy check
it out got my hiking boots and shorts
whatever it going on a hike everyone is
already winded
myself included I'm sorry Internet I had
to do it no he didn't kill it I don't
want that bad juju on me my personable
Somali and there was this little mouth
mouth going away you got this babe go to
grandmother's house like a frog a creek
their grandmother's house we go walking
the spider webs
I must look completely idiotic but
Emiliana I just did it this I don't
think you guys to see it but there was a
giant spider web right there
pretty quick huh waiter right here it's
on my arm right here thank you how do
you get another one there's another one
on my arm all anyone wants to do some
cool stuff why do you hurry up
I got a walking stick this time
something about that hat makes you look
real oh it's very distracting oh we
found a nice little quaint town I think
I got the hottest girl here
sucks like you
that beer is amazing but just been a
really awesome with the games man that
works here so Cody name was Cody let's
go get some stuff
somebody somebody tomorrow I'm going to
be running over a car in a tank and a
tank like an army tank we got a legit
army tank okay that's more accessories
to make sure I get this happening would
you get I'm afraid of what that is is
that Easter Bunny are those ones those
are onesies just get one things are like
a rabbit hop on bed oh well thank you
sir I'll take you wherever you want to
be screw the pumpkin right your hairs in
my way
like warning though in case you didn't
know who's filming I never thought I was
gonna vlog like this alley in a bunny
rabbit suit stacking marshmallows on the
head we've done a lot of weird things on
these videos don't forget to subscribe
tomorrow's gonna be even cooler I'm
going to crush a car literally they're
both wearing bunny suits all control so
I will see you guys tomorrow as always
don't forget to subscribe so you can see
me crush a car tomorrow and hope you
guys enjoyed today's video
you
