all right nothing around I need to start
packing get you some hiking shoes you
think it's worthy is nice you're already
so we are waiting from all this up
because we don't have a key
that's a dick do the worm do the worm
you do the best worm piece we had a
switch because I realized the light was
in the way no faces in this shot though
we have a road trip today and we'll put
you guys right here so I could talk to
you for a second that's your phone I
lose everything
where was it use the greatest lava no we
have to pick an audio book we have like
a nine-hour trip so we are going to
listen to audiobooks the whole way so we
can learn things so we are waiting for
my sister and Phil to come here because
this one we got a key oh I downloaded
the Maze Runner this was a suggestion by
you guys if you guys didn't know
audible.com is actually a sponsor of the
CTFxC it works for the iPhone this
stupid thing over here and your computer
there's a lot of John Green books there
if you want to and if you guys have any
more suggestions because this is a
nine-hour Drive so we have another nine
hours so if ATMs ma'am if you're driving
it's perfect for driving or riding for
nine hours there you go don't listen the
same Lady Gaga song alright I'm not
listen to you oh that's what you get
karma you knows that the window is gone
look at the internet snows audible.com
Sascha CTFxC thank you go there keeps I
get cited I want to go on this road trip
80 dudes kicking ass
have fun where you going audible.com
tower CTFxC and then you get your free
audiobook so turns out Phil was in the
apartment the entire frickin time
somehow got behind us and we're doing
some wheatgrass shots just to see how
much crap my sister's got to bring I
bring a duffle bag what are you bringing
oh I have a dilemma I can never remember
heads or tails that's a good luck one
why is that the right one you should
pick up the penny because maybe you
should use your head and know that it's
heads
oh is it heads yeah it's really that's
probably Melissa's bag of like makeup
right it's got some eye foundation in
there ma'am
though Alli currently just pranked me
and all over the prank or just mean I
don't think it was mean REI
you need to remember things maybe make a
checklist 30 now that's what people do
this is getting back for me kicking into
the pool I thought I lost my camera but
she hated on the other side of herself
left in the car on the ground yes I did
I knew where it was though it's on
Phil's ha channel on his vlog you watch
that little prank ensue
did you really kick her in the pool all
right so we're preparing some food for
the trip going a big old jug of apple
juice no excited I haven't been on
vacation so long just I don't know what
to do it was like my sister just found
Bruce Jenner doing in the Best Buy all
this craziness I'm afraid my GoPro
battery is going to die so I wanna get
an extra one and maybe a pole ready to
go waiting on me where'd she go she's
going pee
oh she's gonna pee now maybe I don't
know cry gone poof goodbye if 3 more
minutes and it's a food cleaning your
screen
how long do we have we got nine hours
Elissa Sano pee pee in a bottle
Christina Aguilera's painting
don't mean nothing with eyes wide we
live our dreams they don't know it's not
no way and see
first stops bills already exercising no
I don't know everyone look at this is
the women's restroom yes okay okay this
is the men's restroom pull look at it in
that bull right there look at that sink
and then go into that thing I'm calling
shenanigans it's smell okay first the
smell okay although poster front you
guys want to see the world's worst
security system like oh I can't get
anything here right I can't get anything
take anything nope you just do this and
you get everything quick put on your
first
this is a little kids like Shirley came
on the morning and his face red like
farm animals immolated with Chris red
hair a school bus for the pit stop
Cracker Barrel rematch
you take the first move actually please
do do they really don't do that what do
you mean you gotta make the first move
this class is gonna make you want a job
John Cantlie Cracker Barrel without
doing the thing wheezy waiter taught us
see all those ghosts terrifying it's
very terrifying to lead everybody right
especially wait till she gets a little
kid the creepiest ones are little kids
right there getting ready for this ghost
trip get another fill how you feeling
funky Munky everyone's ears are just
like popping right now you see if I can
get it even 22 oh I did it
you're getting the whole the whole deal
that's nice
with somebody else today
really any question play you are
doubting a napkin what I'm doing it whoa
not gonna lie a little freaky at night
this is very nice
lot less scary inside a little high well
it was that the water on says we got
turning on the baseball Oh
water's on water's on no going down to
the basement
alright guys well we made it safe
tomorrow is going to start the ziplining
in queasy adventurous so we got to get
the bed early so we could rest up for
this weekend I'm very very excited for
this whole thing and I will see you guys
tomorrow definitely don't forget to
subscribe this weekend is going to be
amazing
Doros who's that
you
