she's plugged in and she's currently
charging right now buddy guys think
Marley is just a dog she's actually a
crazy robot it needs to be plugged in
every single day are you plugging in
over there are you all charged up you
want to go do something how about you
you've been charged up all day to go to
the park
scooter fuck are you at squirrel level
of a T demoulas place has a little dog
park so it takes only Marley there for
the first time I think tomorrow or next
week Zoe my Larry are actually gonna
meet diesel Ally's dog it's gonna be
kind of fun because Diesel's like
accommodation on Zoe and Marley
seriously isn't it girls you're not
gonna like this doesn't know what to do
like I don't know if I'm supposed to be
on this or not I don't know if I'm
supposed to be honest or not feels weird
this is Zoe Marley's first time on
astroturf I don't think she knows what
it is no time huh
just like tees right on it of course in
the shadiest part where I want to go
seems that kind of a gross thing doesn't
it for a dog park the other dog park was
a lot nicer huh
come here I think I'm not going on that
alien grass as you can tell she's not
sure what to do of this you're right
it's space grass Carl's going to space
grass go seems Zoey likes it
is it weird on your feet
let's go on the real grass this is
stupid
so what are you doing we're going real
grass that's why you don't like
astroturf just can't do that makes sense
oh and cuz you can't eat things
tomorrow we are going on my first
vacation in like ever I've really never
been on a vacation especially during the
vlogs I know I get to travel all over
the place they get to do a lot of
awesome things but I'm always working
I'm constantly working this time I
actually get to go on a vacation and
hang out with hang out with my sister
Phil and Alli we're gonna whitewater
rafting I'm going to film don't worry
I'm gonna be filming you guys have been
telling me to take a vacation since the
first surgery I just obviously things
have been chaotic and it's the first
time I'm actually able to do that and
I'm really looking forward to it looking
at the transformer
it's a white transformer we have to go
back to the store not because I broke
this thing I know the internet I didn't
break is it comfortable not the water
faces like this yeah no that seems very
inappropriate for Brookstone it was very
inappropriate is it actually working at
back massager how do you turn it off
this keeps doing different stuff how do
you do press okay ooh it's right there
that's my back look
yep that's on
don't like this does it hurt
that's my shoulder okay
this is the most painful thing after all
right you feel violated really finally
that's a nice healthy but they do have
buffalo chicken mac and cheese that's
like too that for
that sounds amazing who's the buffalo
chicken macaroni and cheese chicken
macaroni and cheese as you can tell
we're hungry don't get some guy rose
gyros are back with macaroni and cheese
I know it's heroes guys I'm just messing
around I hope I didn't correct myself
before like Charles's heroes such I rose
what I got a salad
you got a salad up the other place you
didn't tell me there was that make a
decision dr. del della I know that I
think it's the worst person make a
decision
come on make a decision yeah
decision quick right have your hand oh
the court - okay look for it in left
make up the mind
so you want to talk about the parking
meter so I just fed the meter kill yum
Dolly's new restaurant she's opening
right yeah of course good lemonade huh I
can't see you right now so sunny now
that's fine then don't just be on our
side of her face yeah for your bite out
go to the left
plain ugly right there perfect your bun
literally covers the Sun a Sun button
ooh dad who that other ones have Peter
pants blatant England everyone screen
grab that instead of dally on Twitter no
look we had an hour left
you go plug yourself in again you can
pull yourself in yeah
burning out of juice I'll plug in there
you go you plugged in yeah I'm are you
ma'am ma'am they go home you never gonna
keep me down I get knocked down
forget it up again I do a lot of geeks I
do good luck a drink I did with double
dippers leave the good times the best
times I get knocked down I get up again
you're never gonna keep me down I get
knocked down you get up again I get up
again who let the dogs out who let the
dogs out who who who who let the dogs
out there in the back
what we're looking for here Oh wha what
what what that's creepy
so naturally before going to bed Ali's
looking after bunch of ghost stuff
Ellen's out it looks like smoke blah
anyway guys tomorrow is a big road trip
woo vacation time I hope I hope you guys
are excited as much as we are and I will
see you guys tomorrow as always don't
forget to click subscribe and I will see
you guys tomorrow
what what so whatever gets you just get
everyone nightmares at the end of the
video look down a transformer anyway so
I'll see you guys tomorrow raise
you
