the wake-up call huh sorry sorry it's a
wake-up call but your face time to get
up Joey
let's do something kind of bummed right
now
cuz I go I think the girls know that
I'll be having a couple shows this
weekend they've been just kind of
following me looking all mopey
especially this one it's only a couple
shows I'm not going on tour I have a
couple college shows this weekend like I
said a couple days ago we haven't played
some of these songs since the art of
tour maybe and some of them says
Summerfest tour I just been practicing
that because the bass is one of those
instruments we don't necessarily hear it
but you feel it so you can't mess up
otherwise everyone's going like this and
then they're like this they're like
dying their head and then they mess up
and they're like they don't know what to
do do we have a sad puppy over here are
you a sad puppy on the couch and
everything on a blanket and everything
nor the gorilla ball I think so he lost
it she's been holding this in her mouth
the last cold days look at her is it I
think your new gorilla ball great so
what'd you do with it oh yeah what is
this like a jack oh that was nice Marley
it's like that wasn't on camera right I
totally wasn't filmed right okay please
have it back there you go take it shows
this holding her mouth and so she'll
lick it like it's a baby that your baby
time for the weekly sorting of keep
Charles healthy meds I always feel like
a pharmacist when I do this job yay for
the most horrendous thing in the world I
don't know anyone who likes doing
laundry I don't know what it is it's so
simple I got to do this and then you
just walk away something about it just
don't like Marley won't do my laundry
what I do it for it
thank you for me hey do you want to do
my laundry for me please
as simple know what it worked
bark or domestic life
girls you need to stop shedding or pick
up this broom both of you so I just got
a call from snake we basically just
saved my butt so right here is the
coffin case where I traveled my bases I
thought my bases were in there I forgot
he took the silver burst come to find
out he's like hey do you want your
silver first base I'm like yes so that's
my be my new baby wasn't in there so he
just dropped it off hookahs here Zoe
your buddy's back there's been all
mobile
you can rock hats better than I can I
think if I tried to do that it doesn't
work second you do that you look all
pretty I think girls and like hats are
probably like the sexiest thing I know
don't wear hats Internet females oh the
second I turn off the stupid camera of
course something funny happens what you
do is that water did you shake the
seltzer water and I just cleaned I just
cleaned the other room so that was all
sticky way to go shut sorry I don't get
I go higher come backwards
that's Bigelow higher
everything about this is bad idea a lot
of you guys in the internet world
reminded me that we didn't make ghost
dogs the other day so thankfully you
guys reminded me Zoe Marley we're making
ghost dogs so get a sheet preferably
white if you want to us the B goes don't
cut up your parents good ones your first
this is sort of like cat breading
they've ever done that I'll show you
later
so we put bread on a cat I guess that
makes sense
cat breading yeah I did the Marley - so
you liked it cuz you got it off in the
shape of bread you could violate it and
then you could eat the bread hmm Bob
owls
there's little wet news Biggles NAS
I'm gonna fix your eyeballs don't stall
it so your skirt goes did I make the
hole too big
so you're the scary is good time
everything this is funny thing I've ever
seen
I love the internet but we couldn't get
Marley on tapes but Ali got a photo this
is what Marley is what Marley looks like
Scrat yeah this is anybody agree she
looks like scratch look oh now you don't
hit the Bell huh
a Ghost Dog is done that project is over
with thank you guys for the idea let's
go to the park guys you deserve it yes I
for me it was every that one's cute
got you some Ally
I'm gonna save you get on the pool a tap
or grab on dummy
grab look I'm giving you I'm giving you
life all right guys I'm gonna give you a
warning
this is dog poop but this is the
funniest thing I've ever seen
God fell it was standing straight up
like power poop you guys wanna go to
park there you guys go rewarded for
being ghost dogs I haven't been here a
very long time these smell so many puppy
smells this alleys candy store all the
puppies I will take that one put it in
my pocket and this one over here is this
I think Marley's just got bitch aura
like everyone comes up there was a giant
Doberman they came up and was just like
this just walked right away from her
thing Marley's checked out because she
wants to play anymore
he's always having fun with everyone
mother's just like I'm ready to go home
now what happened the puppy get you yeah
that's right bet you know damn well you
guys need to be cleaned
let's go
pinin in come on play some Primus stuff
just crazy stuff
come on Victor Wooten do it so let's
check yes I'm surprised you actually
remember how to play they feel it they
get a groove all right we got a pack
this guy up be careful with I want to
cut what I was a bass that I custom-made
so all these pieces completely custom
god I love this baby
I become a look at him just like it's so
pretty folks who doesn't even tell me
I'm pretty
you look kind of cool too you go you
seen Star Wars you can't do that that's
cheating
I'll leave the roadie let's do this
I don't smell anything yep did you head
down there a little smelly thing it's
time to pack the bass up I'm gonna go to
bed early because I have to wake up at
what time six o'clock in the morning
five o'clock in the morning something
like that and fly across the country and
play a college show then we fly again if
you guys make some ghosts odds make them
distracting and if you guys make ghost
dogs make sure to send them to ally
myself on Twitter and I will see you
guys tomorrow as always have a great
night
you
