what's your toilet paper apparently this
is what you like now this little ones
been taking out the male that crazy see
please please Marty's coming back house
is mine
Marley that's not your cat food
you're a hungry hungry cat and on the
counter eat your food
she blends right into the floor so funny
today we just got word of a guest
remember that's stupid like unicorn
Frappuccino we just got word that there
is a Franken Frappuccino so naturally I
have to try it
we're trying to come up with a costume
idea so we might try to figure out and
nail down the couple costume ideas that
we have Ali's got a few good ones but
it's just a matter of now just tying it
all down together because if we don't do
it now we'll forget and we will not do
one see things I don't think we'll ever
be able to top the old people costume
our new kicks we're going out so we have
to get new shoes we're never gonna go to
those sexy burlesque shows the legs show
honey smile that come out to do smile
you in telling what to do 40 years I
mean that one was just class
that was just a class of one that was
just that's that's a hard one to be but
I don't know if you guys have more ideas
that we could do we have on that alley
came home with that's actually really
good so I mean we could show you some of
it but we can't show you the entire
situation because then it would totally
get rid of you know the surprise of that
okay so can I get a grande pumpkin spice
latte with an extra shot of espresso and
almond milk okay my last question I was
told to try their Frankenstein's
Frappuccino is that thing
so we did and I'm getting like two
Halloween costumes one for Charles one
for myself and it may be a little
predictable you guys know me you know
how much I love Halloween and you know
how much I get involved in it and
typically I like to make my costume but
this year I didn't I didn't make my
costume and I'm sorry we have a light
right there that keeps turning off and
it's driving me crazy
typically I like to do my own costume
and this year it's not I'm a little late
in the game and to be completely honest
it's nice to have one already pre-made
obviously I'm gonna add my little
touches to it that's usually what I do I
think I want to do a good often it might
be predictable a lot of people might
have it but I'm gonna be really excited
right so I'm so gonna get into character
and you guys know me I'm definitely
gonna be doing that however there was
another costume at the Halloween sword
not I've always wanted to be I didn't
get it today because I feel like a kid I
liked the other one a little bit better
but every year that passes but I don't
do it I'm like man next year I'll do it
next year I'll do it because it's one of
it's a character that I really like I
really
okay how about that yeah it's a
character that I really like so maybe do
something on Saturday maybe I'll have
one outfit for Saturday and one out for
Tuesday which is Halloween but I don't
know it all depends I'm not sure I might
get allocated I might not I might just
stick with one out for this year even
the last year I didn't do anything in
the air before that I didn't really do
anything actually did I do anything I
can't remember everything's a blur now I
don't want to give away what I'm gonna
be right away so I'm gonna give you a
little clue and you guys can guess in
the comment this is why it's so up close
and personal look at him look at those
teeth look at those eyes look at the
nostrils on that man
you got probably smell roses from 50
miles away okay so anyway
I'm gonna have Ally go behind me and I
would oh I'm gonna check out that fan
honey
there you go behind my back so you can
only see the back of my eye the back of
my Gotham and you're gonna be on the
crumbs and it's not gonna Shh buttocks
you realize we're making this into a
huge deal I know cuz I want people to
start guessing I want to see people can
figure it out and then we'll do it with
yours okay we're not tonight I give
little details away are mine don't want
to make it so dull
cuz I think we're gonna do two costumes
but we're just gonna start with this one
okay so get behind me or check out your
fan honey
oh by the way it's cinnamon broom season
it smells so good
right by the shoes I know I just smelled
that as heard by the shoes but it's back
of the shoe smells so much better all
right are you ready
Marley it looks like she's concerned
about your outfit since the outfits so
far I mean I feel like we're giving away
huge details right now what's up with
the arm thing though this is a nice
little attribute to this what do you
think guys yeah here's an extra hint yes
right here get it close up get a real
close up of it
okay that's not part of the costume this
is this is and this is okay can you turn
your face a little bit to the left
everything all right
set it down now set it down
yeah be proper
I'm gonna make these thumbnails and
memes and gifts
the book
her father's home cute got the girls
I'll pass down tomorrow
that's a good night
and I didn't do that wait a minute
