you guys looking at so woke up early did
said you sing good God
I like how they go one on this side one
of this side
he was squirrel friend was here so I got
up early and I did this
mm looks girls but I promise you is good
for you I'm staying healthy Marley Joey
I'm staying healthy why you be like this
huh what's wrong be bored you want to do
something today yeah Marley that's with
it
bottoms up guys so Saturday we have a
show in Tennessee and then Sunday I
believe we have a show in Massachusetts
then I fly home and then the next day is
my birthday so Warped Tour is only going
to work three to five songs that's on
some tune that means I need to practice
some of the songs just because I haven't
literally played some of the songs since
last year not that I forgot them it's
just you're like a refreshing kind of
thing got to make sure I remember them
don't want to be on stage and be like uh
that's a break I'm not smiling at John
oh no not mr. cope sir hang out with
Zoey Marley misses everybody it's boring
you boring handle them cats that sounds
cool
so I'm going to get water today from my
refrigerator and it refused to give me
water because of this thing apparently
the filter is not working
that's how high-tech refrigerators are
getting now where they refuse to give
you something if they don't want to well
let me see your phone
see how savvy you are with your phone
those things drive me crazy I got my mom
and my dad
iPhones just so they I could get in
touch with him quicker and my mom
forgets our iPhone everywhere although
it is there now I got her a little juice
back for us so that way she has no
excuse that her battery dies Orange now
I don't know
Jesus anthem they're super expensive six
months not six months domestic life so
months ago somebody sent me this photo
of a dog like in a bedsheet with a vice
and there's cut out and it made him look
like a ghost
and I promised myself the second I got
back from tour I was it do it Zoey
Marley because the dog looked like Zoey
and I keep forgetting him do it I'll go
to mom found remember the nerd shirt
that we have is Zoey Marley my
granddad's your granddaughter is
actually similar glasses now they need
ghost dogs ninja turtle ghosts we pretty
awesome yeah fun time just cleaning up
the kitchen I thought I'd talk to you
guys make more oh my god chef
oh my god I'm Krypton killed myself on
camera it's gonna end up happening is
this gonna happen and then would have
hit the stop button just before it
happens better no it's not won money Who
am I kidding I just found a bunch of
letters that I haven't been able to get
to because they're from Warped Tour
summer from vlogger fair and I want to
make sure to read all of them right now
I just I'm reading some of them now and
I just want to take a second to make
sure you guys know you guys write the
most crazy emotional things and the
things that a lot of you guys go through
I just want you guys to know that people
care people love you very much I love
you the community loves you you have
friends and family please stop hurting
yourself please please there's other
things you can do go play baseball go
write a blog pick up a camera just
please stop hurting yourself some of the
things I read on these things I just
can't believe and I don't want to
believe is actually happening and it
makes me very very upset and very sad
and I wish I could hug every one of you
guys just please stop doing that just
please stop hurting yourself I know it's
kind of easy to say that kind of stuff
but I just really want to make sure you
know cuz there's a lot of bullying
around you know not just in the internet
see when I was a kid bullying was
you know somebody said something on the
on the playground and then you talked it
out or you like kicked each others butts
now it's like extending to this thing
where it's like on the Internet
and like nothing safe and I just want to
make sure that the people that are going
through these things know that people
love you
Marlene's that we love you Marlene Zoey
love you yeah I know I said that I read
these things I just don't know what to
do I don't know what to think and it
makes me want to go out there and hug
every one of you guys obviously I can't
do that so that's why I make these
videos this is my virtual hug doll you
guys people love you there's somebody
that loves you people care for you just
please please please please consider
that and stop I know today's video just
kind of turned dark didn't it it's dark
side like I did that this is a perfect
sample I'm not gonna show you the letter
because it's pretty personal but it's
one of the repart of it I watched her
videos and wore my CTFxC sweatshirt you
retweeted me that lifted my spirits
waited for the biopsy results members of
the CTFxC tweeted me saying they feel
better and sending me love and prayers
complete strangers this made me feel
completely connected to them through you
and today I am cancer-free see laughs
just gave me goosebumps that just gave
me goosebumps you can't see any other
one but I literally have goosebumps that
that is what is amazing about the
internet that's what's amazing about
this community in a that's not a bell
hit the bell none of this is the Bell
that's anyone close the Bell
you guys are so enclosed hit the Bell
Marley I don't even where you're going
what are you doing Isabel other side
complete opposite side hit the Bell
the funny thing is though he just hit
the one in the front door and now she
comes over here and acts like she
doesn't know was always hit the one in
the front door there we go
okay now Joe free you guys need some
baskets that your normal things so
random
looks like a painting doesn't it get
away intruder intruder Zoey you want to
show what you brought into this house I
know hey it's my mom's fault your mom's
fault and more tell me wreck you that's
how many racks you're going through
they're staring at me okay this is not
something like like you eat all at once
this is like you take one or half a rack
okay
I worked out really hard today I deserve
it oh you look so cool oh you're
dropping them are they mother cool more
I can't do this you such as fast yeah
how she wants is this worth the $2 you
got time on oh you think that's really
key Morpheus like a pink Morpheus hi
Internet you did it we're gonna grill a
pizza big fast all right
big fast can you catch it oh sorry sorry
yeah big fast
okay I'm gonna catch it think fast
all right so vision cross vision I
should say
so I completely forgot to do olive oil
on both sides so it looks like this is
gonna be the grossest what COMPETES I've
ever made movie time and I will see you
guys tomorrow as always I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video and please please
please take what I was talking about to
heart people do love you and the CTFxC
loves you I hope you have a great night
and I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
don't forget to subscribe you guys are
brand new alright bye guys
you
