good morning Internet so today is tattoo
day and it's gonna be a long day so I'm
juicing some kale wheatgrass carrots
just getting healthy that's would be
moths and we're working on earth and
possibly the ditch in the yellow little
outlines of the ditch in the elbow or
setting those up and we're trying to
fill the rest of the space there we go
today so there's a good day the filler
day sets that up day digging this one
right here what do you guys think one
two or three tell me the comments these
are all ones that you know you know what
do I like a lot
there's there in a Blood Moon and then
for all you Star Wars nerds we're gonna
throw that in there somewhere
how many people does it take to change a
laser pointer burner apparently to like
he's gonna cover a lot here third a shot
of Earth is gonna be in great length of
you buy there yeah I think this is right
here is a Europe so we would be like
over here somewhere
after getting your sleeve you can get
your cut-offs right now yeah a cutoff
shirt yeah
a sleeve ready get ready
let's just watch late there would be
much more like 500 colors just to make
them is incredible I was just watching
it was like five of the layers of fights
and things get nerfed in there so it
does exist so we got the Blood Moon done
and now we're shrinking up earth and
putting it in the viewfinder and
shrinking of Earth oh man I was
wondering how that was gonna come out
does it look awesome
that's what's gonna look like guys if I
ever go to space and there's my camera
which if I ever go to space I'm going to
lose my camera that's the other place in
the entire parlor he's taking Liz's
chair so we're shading the spaceman
right now
so upon showing the Internet the idea of
the Death Star a couple you guys
suggested doing the construction Death
Star so we're switching up to the half
the Hat star because we were originally
going to do that one I think doing this
one might become a cooler this is the
funniest part up in between test few
sessions like I'm break time you can see
I don't know if you guys can see how
lumpy our arm is come bearing gifts and
food everyone could eat healthy thank
you apparently I made the book
and we're doing the elbow in the ditch
right now open this stencils on alleys
here for is there for moral support if I
don't cry 45 minute back massage if I
cry sixty minute I had a man up my moral
support what are we talking first the
Deathstar leave the center nevertheless
yeah okay so that's why it sucks
yep amongst friends get over here
it's funny I could get blood drawn all
the time
very pooper
heard hello feels great suddenly very
where though they've been waiting for
months before
let me just turn this around there okay
elbow
beautiful
okay
that rattled your buddy
jackhammer on goodbye
get that grin off your face
we're gonna get to the last dollar to
the internet just gasp maybe the first
one no no what's too personal
why because first second third aren't
very good to watch the fourth business
thing so I wonder what I guess what type
of thing then what is the word I'm
looking for
it really wasn't a choice in that
situation was it this is friendliness
all right we decided to do the Deathstar
do the half constructive one because you
guys suggested it which was a great
suggestion by the way guys okay it's
exploding now because of the blood I
think it's a yes
watch for cousin it poltergeists used to
get me real bad poltergeist she had sex
in the tree and she got taken into the
TV
poltergeist it I don't know I like scary
movies and I hate him so she's trying to
make me watch one tonight so do not poop
there what you discover
take a dump everywhere language that's
rude I'm not gonna give you anything
freaking rude all right before I kind of
wind down a little bit I just wanted to
say something that I kind of thought
about this morning I posted on Instagram
it's kind of like this like little motto
or saying or I guess what it is is that
everyone has different thoughts and
opinions but at the end the very end
it's all just life it were all just one
giant thing and that's what keeps us
together I think that's what this means
I don't always have to sleep I don't
know I thought it was kind of cool what
I wanted to share it with you guys
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video and I will see you guys tomorrow
always doodles
you
