good morning guys don't judge me
I blame Ally her okay before you eat the
whole box of cookies over there
I need start using
are you guys getting back into juicing
with me ready hold fist brother by the
way if you guys notice the scar that's
where we're not fell off a skateboard
don't freak
it's how big carrot and apple juice is
put a little wheatgrass in there for fun
and I will put some spinach in there
extra fun so we got Apple kale wheat
grass spinach carrots I don't even know
what else
Zoe hey Jillian so today is the day I
just got an email from our manager we
have to mail out the art of war base
signed by everybody no it's not for you
definitely got dinged up on that tour it
just gives it more character gonna miss
that base I actually really like that
base and I can only hope it brings many
memories as it did for me to the person
that we're sending it to bye bye base I
want to try some of my homemade juice
gonna have some of my homemade lemonade
first I want some enchiladas Oh Hayley
and I made a bunch of food that
yesterday we have like 14-inch a lot as
a thing
is it good taste neck critically but
creamsicle II vegetable creamsicle II
that's a new word my mom's in there
that's a game said was it creamsicle E
vegetable it's a new word my mom made up
so our smoke detector hasn't been
working we just tried it now
I don't know what it is he's like a
pitched with her and she shakes
uncontrollably her tail was between her
legs
so okay wiggle wiggle wiggle
we go in the wheel all right you wanna
go outside huh Oh what's I to stop I
know it's going better can't believe how
scared you get a little security puppy
he was going puppy are you so scared
she's always so pro oh you gotta Marley
kiss I got a Marlee kiss thank you it's
like shake
punch Hey
remember Marley did that doors okay hey
don't show it don't show it
it's so embarrassing we sit let's relive
that moment remember the moment Marley
when you jumped off the freakin golf
cart didn't say the word sorry he's you
know let's say the word golf cart my god
you know that word we're not going yet
we have like 45 minutes until we're
going for a car ride in meantime I need
to find my hard drive got a little
shadows behind me
everywhere are they behind me we think
you would stop following me right now
I'm just gonna keep scaring you are you
double following me it's about the brain
right now so all the Thunder is coming
down
it's okay Thunder buddy I got your back
bro till the power just went off three
times
can you guess who felt at first you're
right
everyone's scared today yeah but the
trash dude all right who took this hard
drive I've looked everywhere son of a
bitch I know what's gonna end up
happening it's gonna be somewhere like
in my hand or my backpack or some stupid
or waiting for a my face that always
happens to me I'll look everywhere for
something and then I'm just like yeah
give up and then I would like walk by
I'm like son of a bitch there it is
what what what whoa whoa whoa whoa a
little bit holy crap I think I just
think just hit me I remember one time
going to see my sister Marley you're
genius if this is in here you're a
freaking genius and you get two cookies
you'll get two cookies - just because
you're cute and you're scared I remember
going to see my sister one time I used a
different backpack okay see here nope
nope charger that's good to know
holy Marley your genius should have done
that our egos super big but I did find
it you guys thought Marley was a hand on
camera
check out this boy click what's up guys
hope you want the Internet to watch you
staying there feel like he's just
peering into my soul right now doing
conscious now Kobe road trip got the
boys and the girls in the car I'm gonna
go visit Melissa are you doing better
without the Thunder dome better buddy
Marley what are you doing
long way bro home away from home hey ty
you want your bear back so we're
celebrating Ali getting a raise today
yeah look what I got her I don't know
the lovely gentleman named Nick helped
me out with this I said you were is it
good
that's peanut butter I bought it so you
can have any I just sended that is
peanut butter okay so good mm-hmm mmm I
know my cup gates it's like a soft
Reese's Cup yeah where'd you go so the
goal tonight is to play that thing just
wait for it to fall giant Jenga and
we're laying down 20 bucks so we're
gonna do this movie Allen Iverson
go here
all right looking for the only man who's
ever make it rain
seltzer water
what I do have a smiley face in 20 extra
dollars my bargain time to find a cab it
was fun tonight so we're back safe and
sound
no slow poke gotta love taxis it's
definitely a love-hate relationship
regular on the elevator all right so I
hope you guys enjoyed today's video and
you guys are brand new to these videos
don't forget that could build a
subscribe button now I'll see you guys
tomorrow always
how did you guys do to me come on really
see them all guys come on really come on
see mother effers
