good morning zezo good morning good
morning Marley okay fine I'll open the
damn door good morning Internet I
thought you had to go pee that is not
going P it's not coin P is not going P
we're not peeing you're making a mess
don't you do it you're the good one you
guys wanna hear something funny I woke
up this morning no joke I'm like why is
my arm hurt so bad
completely forgot I got the tattoo I had
a dream last night that I got a tattoo
but I didn't remember that I got a
tattoo so freakin amazing so pumped I
can't wait to get the whole thing done
it's gonna be amazing
right Marly right so the Sun is beating
down on my arm that's why I'm like this
right now if you guys have ever had a
tattoo in the Sun it's like getting a
really bad sunburn this is the best way
you can relate to this is if you have a
really really bad Sun sunburn and the
Sun still wants to f you up anyway so
today I got approval to get the two
cameras repairs switched out so we're
gonna have two little brothers and
sisters this little camera right now
back up a a bit actually back up being
back up seen
like
and I gave you the smoke detector
batteries you get every guys smoke
detector batteries because I saw some
CTFxC years they were so sweet oh you
have to hang out with some my mom hangs
out with all the CTX ears
it made my day - you had fun with them
yes they were very sweet it's awesome
mmm self-inflicted so stupid I did it
all right yeah I don't think it actually
moved I'm not being a baby guys get a
tattoo man go in the Sun you son air
conditioning
hey an idea just gonna hang out right
here right vegetables
so I have to get new bedsheets hook up
this morning there's ink everywhere I
screwed up my budgets I got some sheets
ah I don't keep saying this but I just I
would say high five look really
carefully high five there we go your son
yeah I walk through this fighting
everyone knows me everybody knows my
name
all right one for you last you got the
last year you got the new cameras are we
still got those broken cameras from
please hopefully this will last a little
longer I blame my mom saw you breaking
my camera's it's actually her and then I
take the I take the fall for her cuz I
feel bad yeah always right get it from
so I'm just getting some wheatgrass and
some fruit get back in the mic juicing
and actually I don't know if you guys
know this today is actually national
lemonade day it has a day and you guys
are starting to realize that Ali is
addicted to lemonade so want to try to
get our bunch of different lemonade's
you know what it was just make our own
lemonade
did you know today's national lemonade
day well it is
so you need to get some lemons and make
some lemonade when life gives you lemons
you make lemonade today is like the only
day is actually appropriate what I just
got home
stop yelling I personally offended I
think he broke everyone's ears I've
never heard a dog hit that pitch all
right time for some nice little healthy
wheatgrass shots because guys stay
healthy not in my body healing itself
first of all these tattoos penetrating
my body I want to taste like just one
outside miss grab some grass there's not
the key of juicing put things through
twice possibly three times by the way I
don't want to forget you know that CTFxC
shirt that we just released just think
it was like last week what's gonna end
up happening is the top-selling color
will stay and the other two will just
kind of disappear so kind of like a
limited edition run so if you want to
make sure you get the color that you
want go to CTFxC merch calm now this
will stop on Friday I like doing like a
limited editions it's more fun that way
all right time for my weekly shop I'm a
wimp but I have to put in the frigerator
because I hate warm drinks I don't know
if you guys knew that about me that's
why I like iced coffee so much I hate
hate warm drinks yes I'm listening to
the Beastie Boys if you don't like the
Beastie Boys you're not human
guys eating wanna have some cereal
Doug you cereal you guys have never done
Doug you Sarah
it's pretty funny yeah eat this trying
to help guys
anyone want to go golf cart
well cart gonna golf cart the tope it's
actually working a fingers crossed that
is actually working
I'm hoping the charge actually held this
time let's do this do this
everyone hop up no no where you going I
can't drive that thing this is all right
this is what I can drive I can't drive
that come on yeah you'll do bad come on
you got the hair
it definitely doesn't feel like it's
gonna blast charge this thing
very upsetting
very upset this sucks
the hell's going on
they have to get a new golf cart
but all greenie I leave notes gonna make
it back
he's always nerve-racking about the damn
Sun is gone
I figured it'd be a good time to take
the dogs for a little walk by the way I
wasn't complaining just explained the
heat index which is what it feels like
which is like a stupid thing I don't
know what Weather Channel's do that it's
like it's 99 degrees but it feels like
110 say it's not on Greece why is a
hundred but why is the feel like thing
even a thing
I came over what are making it making
enchiladas I was just saying there's
cookies there what are you apologizing I
should probably not be getting really
shitty stuff but it's not what is it in
your mind everyone needs a little
chocolate in their life
I agree I think I already told you this
but you know it's national lemonade day
right you brought lemonade Walt good
thing I'm smart and I got cran lemonade
and then I'm going to make you homemade
lemonade actually and show it up and I
had this long blue dress on has
robberies all over it for sure berry
lemonade Hey when life gives you lemons
yeah and then you squeeze them cuz you
like lemonade you know I'm just talking
about the Flamingo the Flemyng the
challah Mingo yeah we're gonna call that
Vala Mingo stand normal and tried to do
something stand normal it just won't
happen it's gonna wait wait for the legs
wait for the leg I hope you out all
right we're making enchiladas let's do
this high five traditional high fives
all about the high fives huh
I'm making it so where's my insalata I
got look look at this lemonade coming
out I made first block oh really
how long did it take two seconds come on
tiger
I like enough to recycle how much water
you put the lemons thinkin I don't know
look at the sugar go
bigger on the way oh god here get out of
here I want to help
no get out of here get out of here
well fine I guess I'm just gonna play
video games while you cook can't argue
that
you think a job - song she was running
around the house doing it to replay the
next step is the lemonade boot you put
you put your butcher did you to do it's
good start that's really good
does it really taste like lemonade heart
so I sweep was good I like it why don't
you go first just in case you try to
poison me oh good do you know how to
make enchiladas alright guys hope you
guys enjoyed today's video don't forget
to subscribe you guys are brand new and
I hope you guys had a great national
lemonade day also make sure to go CTFxC
eMERCOM
you want to get the shirt before they're
discontinued and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always doodles
you
