good morning Internet so today is tattoo
day I'm actually really really excited
and I want to show you this my mom
rearranged the house that way can I
always have my hammock in the house are
you Marlee and you got a nice little
blanket okay right did you do this I'll
push you over I'll push you up I'm sorry
everyone look Marley's pink nose is
going away again it's going away Oh
Marley I think every winter it goes away
every summer comes back you do an old
lady ah hmm what's the I to the Internet
so for this tattoo session I'm gonna try
something new I want to try to do an
awesome time-lapse cuz I'm literally
sitting there for 7 to 8 hours and if I
can do a cool time-lapse before or after
I think it'd be really kind of awesome
to see the before and after so I'm
setting up the GoPro getting it all
ready so that we can do this by going in
the hole all right all right guys we're
doing this my dad I'm heading over there
what are you gonna get tattoo
I'm gonna get faced at the neck tat
gonna get it right here big Medhat neck
tat internet come up with some cool idea
for my dad yeah yeah if there was some
really cool I my trusty throat you wanna
go space man now you're at the spacer
yeah putting a Kobe on your own
Kobe's like they're Tommy's ass back
would be mas what we're working on the
back of your for that looks sick
where's that going like right here yeah
that is going to be awesome like that so
this will be the like the top of your
wrist kind of hell yeah another seven
hours right there really awesome okay
all right working out trying to make
sure there's enough room
hey Keith arms up you know what we're
doing them and we're leaving all the fun
spots for life I noticed that it knows
that
the margarita co-op the battle is the
hard part for me
yeah they should have that camera
rolling on that oh yeah oh yeah that
available was the boat man pretty yet
sensitive throughout the whole day chart
the moon band the last piece with that
were you sensitive only here and then
the keeps everybody started doing a
little bit of color during that actually
wasn't so oh yeah you're right that did
suck we didn't do too much we got
excited for that yeah he did that on
purpose huh he wants to fight today
because I saw like this look when you
twist your arm yeah how this twist with
your wrist like oh yeah like super Sam
thousand again with lines bring it over
here yeah when it's just because I
remember this girl a lot faster too this
would this ones I think taking the
longest going out that's all I have
that's all on this road was Beijing come
together come together
pretty far away from me right now I put
the camera in my head so I didn't start
sweating it's actually not as bad as I
thought I was expecting like a really
bad thing like going to see a bad movie
and it's being okay
for that present from hero I think I can
get away with the 15 this is a whole
nother set of Cohen's sure if you don't
own one of that another 30 we may end up
clearing out the rack all right time to
do the color down this is where
everything comes together literally
everything comes together the part where
he must have he has to make sure not to
screw up and we got to go pro go
still here dealings and I were just
talking about this is possibly the
longest session we heard of Sun is going
down right now what are we on
it's looking good though I promised
myself I wouldn't look until the end so
you guys and you guys will see you when
I see it
yes completing I'm just going I'm hoping
it's looking good guys
he's not doing a lot of O's so I think
it's looking good
stars and white let me tell it again
yeah you do that first okay hit a person
I'll eat this banana banana while you're
doing it every time he must leaves a
room I want to sneak and watch look at
this thing not gonna do it I think I
deserve some light at the end of a
banana I
is it Dimas race art histogram and
Instagram right at do you must raise our
make sure to check about guys if you
ever need a tattoo and if you want to
check out both his wife and him its
kingdom studio art on Instagram even if
you want a little butterfly doing a
little butterfly he'll call me and I'll
come do it
this is clarify guys I absolutely will
not do it tattoo don't trust myself
all right there we go guys
holy Sh that looks fake it's so good
dude that is insane the masterpiece that
aspirin or moon that we're gonna start
selling to one of Saturn's moons two
moons
dude get it again
come here guys what do you think about
the well it's a tattoo I know he knows
how I am I do all right guys give it up
for DMS one more time for killing it
again ready butterfly tattoo yeah
where's the five nines and Skylar's
endorphins shutting down
I cart better find it do that
I apologize at today's videos little
shorter than normal orange orange orange
you know you said the word orange
because you stopped seizing
and it's these fucking guys what doesn't
belong did you find it what person just
goes you know I'm gonna get all the soap
Hey hey Judy do you need this mozzarella
no Tom we don't need this well do is
just put here what do you guys want -
money I'm gonna begin Terrace leave no
I'm not gonna do it Oh take your time
guys
home sweet home the endorphins have left
my body I'm passing out hope you guys
enjoyed today's video I know it was a
tattoo day but I'm really really excited
this is all coming together and getting
really really happy I'm getting really
really excited hope you guys enjoyed
today's video by the way if you guys
have any cool little secrets that we can
hide on the sleeve I think we're to do
the death star or something like that
but if you have a cool little ideas tell
me in the comments below and we'll try
to work them in the death star is
definitely going in and if you just saw
happen to stumble across these videos
don't forget to click the little
subscribe button so you can hang out
every single day and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always doodles you too
you
