good morning
so today Ali comes home couldn't be more
excited I've been really really trying
to clean up the house to make sure
everything is all taken care of I have a
couple things I want to finish though
right now it's gonna rain later so I
figured I might as well go to the beach
before it rains hopefully because the
dogs have to get cleaned anyway so today
I'm not a monster I might as well let
him have some fun
you know I'm noticing this is totally
off topic but since the Apple watch has
that wholesale thing I've been using my
I've been carrying my cell phone less
and less and I don't know if that's a
good thing or a bad thing because I feel
like I have a cell thing on my wrist
it's probably same thing as walk around
with a cell phone did it I imagine it is
maybe a less abrasive but I mean what's
nice is it limits me on my phone all the
time so I'm not constantly look at my
phone so it's actually been like a
lifesaver not only is it motivating me
to exercise but it's also keeping me
more aware of my surroundings if that
makes any sense instead of being on your
phone and talking to people virtually
I'm actually having conversations with
people around me how about how much
that's fun
some some people suck
man as you can tell it's quite windy out
today it's like so windy to where like
you don't even have to go in the water
everything gets salty I think my car
through a car wash immediately otherwise
the salts gonna start sprouting
everything like this this doesn't look
foggy this is all salt on my glasses and
it's probably foggy on the camera as you
saw it's actually kind of cute
Zoey Marly just kept getting sand all
over the face because of the sand
getting blown up oh yeah we gotta get
out of here it's supposed to rain so
we're talking about how Shelley and I
had the most favorite holiday in the
world and that's Halloween and how it's
like the kickoff to all the holidays but
then it makes you so sad because it goes
so quick Halloween comes then just
Thanksgiving and then it's Christmas and
then it's all over
and then who cares about Valentine's Day
no one not even know I know so guys this
is the one thing that Shelley wanted me
to see and obviously I wanted to see it
but it was the trees that were changing
and they weren't like those of when I
first got here oh my gosh I'm gonna have
to take photos before II think so oh my
gosh look how pretty
OMG look how pretty that is
I feel like people think I'm crazy
because I get so excited over nature but
yeah having a clue my friends you
haven't a clue
I love the houses down here I love the
trees I love that there's seasons I love
that Shelley's here many reasons as to
why we should move here
I even like trash cans that are falling
over in the middle of the road just call
off the internet loves dogs oh my god
hey what are you doing look good I just
want a book - no please
so you know when we go to Starbucks we
gotta get a pop of Chino look how
beautiful that tree is
yesterday I'm have an addictive
personality
this one creeped up on me didn't expect
it worth it
now this is exactly what I think Falls
must be because it is fall I believe for
falling and the colors are so beautiful
never gets old I gotta get all that corn
from the yeah yeah up here like when it
was still green penny and I did a little
photo shoot oh it's so you want some
corn you're hungry mm-hmm one last thing
and I got pretty much everything done in
this house and that is this area right
here which is a lot of donations
actually a lot of mail vlog stuff so we
got to do some mail vlogs so I got to
figure that all out I just got to
organize this a little bit better and
take some things to get donated this is
gonna be the before right everyone take
it in ready for it completely night and
day the only thing I gotta get rid of is
this stuff right here but other than
that looks way better how's the stuff
Paul Harley
she started fries you're frozen there
Marv you need more blankets seriously
you want another one
you're hardcore you don't need a blanket
all right ally lands in about an hour I
gotta take a shower well I just want to
show you guys the finishing touches I
think I rocked it got that all cleaned
up that's cleaned up with air this is
getting cleaned up I gotta put that on
the ground obviously this guy's helping
me out a little bit crazy cat couch I'm
not really sure how she wants that
organized we'll fix that later
bathrooms bedroom bedroom dog beds
hallway bathroom told you to fix the
bathroom bathroom yeah all right guys
high five
all right so we're still good on time as
you can tell alleys probably have a
wonderful wonderful turbulent time
landing this rain has not led up all
night literally the second I went like
left the beach it just hurt down or
torrential downpour so we left at the
right time this is like literally the
worst time to the land because there's
so much wind and there's so much obvious
rain and Ally terrified I'm turbulence
it's up like that even though what I've
been told by stewardesses and actual
pilots turbulence is equivalent to
what's happening right now just bumps in
the road it just bumps in the air I mean
if you think about it you can't coast in
the air perfectly with nothing at all
affecting it rule of thumb if the flight
attendants come you should remain calm
if the flight attendant is freaking the
eff out you might want to start freaking
out and grabbing that back they just
scare a lot of people
sellout you like to flowers I wouldn't
pick them from the wild wait isn't this
the stuff that when we did it like flies
came everywhere yeah oh those were roses
weren't there it was the thing where I
surprised Ali what was a thousand roses
and we filled up the entire entire house
actually let me just cut to it
was surprised so after all that we were
like oh you know what let's just have
flowers everywhere it might be beautiful
we took a bunch of I me a thousand roses
we took a bunch to our neighbors that's
actually when we moved in so we made a
lot of friends but we didn't realize
we're like wondering while these little
gnats were coming from and I don't know
if you remember the videos it took like
fry a month and then we figured it out
the water from all the flowers were
harvesting these little Stuart like like
its incubating these stupid little nets
and we had nuts everywhere
that's why we work oh it's raining
crappy outside so we thought this great
time to do another question and answer
your pizza will be hearing I'm so happy
and thrilled to be home even though my
trip seeing Shelly Alba filly was
unbelievably amazing I love Shelly so
much she is one of my closest longest
deer spread 1/3 of our a little like
tripod that her Julie and I have like
never but it was so nice being able to
spend time with her even though we
didn't really get to go around Philly
too much did get to see a lot so we're
definitely going to have to take a trip
again out that way but I'm really happy
to be home I am blown away by how much
Charles works on this house I have never
seen this corner this is like our corner
of like boxes and things that come in
the mail and mumbo jumbo of everything
virtually the clean that's crazy to me
but the rest my house is absolutely
beautiful and he really is so sweet he
just went to go get something and
ordered pizza for us and it just it's a
beautiful way in an amazing way it's
such a heartwarming way to come home and
I really am so happy to be home even
though your than amazing time but my
heart is very happy so I got a bunch of
photos printed for Ally and I just got I
didn't realise I've done it this many
years look at that that's actually kind
of sad or amazing yep there goes all my
running
did did you see how many miles that I'm
beating you like no I think I'm
destroying you it's actually got
hilarious well I was saying how like you
always win I'm at 68 you're at 55 damn
almost 69 be such a frickin nerd she
actually brought leaves that were
changing so the green ones are from
Chile's back here there's such a nerd
there's such a freakin dirt Shelley gave
me these ones but like these are the
ones from that tree we're gonna do with
them I'm gonna try them out don't forget
to subscribe and I will see you tomorrow
as always have a great night
