good morning Internet we are in Seattle
still and we're going to the pike Park
marketplace right in Starbucks you wanna
hit the alarm
do it no I know that it calls something
go get a gumball cuz that's where we're
going Ali grab it cuz you got to make
your mark on the gum wall all right you
got your flannel you're one with the
Seattle fit Seattle tonin's hey I
haven't seen one I'm playing all my
flannel to be like that and I don't
think oh dude he did hit him look at my
little hipster girlfriend fits in right
right into Seattle got your Starbucks
got your flannel but YouTube Leanback
watch the little puppy hi look at the
camera there it is
it's a chunky Zoe is a chunky Zoe
everyone get the gun ready pop the gum
and me to mine
right Ally where do you wanna play you
see how the bees or just like sugar
Stefan gob alright we're putting it
right there yeah that's my gum right
next to yours you're eating gum dude
it's gross isn't this weird that this is
an attraction
I always wondering how they get the gum
up there
you think sucking it so we're looking
for shady and everybody and he's like to
send me this photos like here now
so I think he's way out front I just
made a good point we can never get away
from pizza like one day we were talking
about how we wanted a big center they
just ended up picking up
sup buddy what's going on everybody
if you guys didn't know this was the
awesome guy talented guy who'd do that
awesome
spray paint art of B stencil street art
that was about a year ago right yeah
me jumping up in the air the one that we
just saw hung up in my house what'd you
get buddy Simon help Deana chubby chubby
people's need salad if you're chubby you
salad what do we get these people are
trying to go by what's wrong Ali the
ones that are the letters yeah
I go over there by that guy that
gentleman over there and like that when
that bitch comes you caught the fish
she's new to this washing hand thing you
did it so I just gotta stay Ali's one of
those often people there we go
show me Ali the fish I was like what but
I was gonna say is that it's something
my teeth and she's the type of person
that tells you you have to be that
person
I agree your turn you're a terrible
person
I didn't see I didn't see I would've
told you I didn't see you're a terrible
person
everyone's a terrible person Charles yes
W feet yes I'm your teeth Charles no I
wouldn't I will told you I like to tell
people to write good now let's see no
you got something up here give me that
give me that
yeah
how often even flossing open up open
wide listen to them
you know Riley resident there's some
smell fishy I'm gonna make you wear this
shirt
ya know we've all been talking and we
decided you need to buy her a different
shirt because well sure you wanna get we
all came to us and said consensus you
wearing a shirt what you want good make
this happen which is fun Walter White
action figure look with real crystal
mett means that we really fuck have
action figures we made meth and I grew
in your life hilarious you know profile
dad I see it now right alright Lindsey's
doing it now good luck
nice catch there Lindsay Danny you owe
me some coffee
for filming that I got rainy action I
got a little fish on my face got a
little fish in my face where is everyone
where'd you go so tall - there she is
Shay you got some going to do it's like
7 feet tall that's it's such a cool
place she's pretty appropriate to be a
part of the first direction so I just
can't believe we just did that
we are waiting in line at a coffee shop
just to get a shirt from a coffee shop
I'm watching white people want to get a
ginger beer float with me what do you
want to get look at Ali got me
Wow nothing
Wow right there Zeke try it are you
gonna hire Oh
so we are in Seattle and they have a
festival called pet fest right and then
Hempfest celebrate marihuana in general
which is actually medicines we got cut
off
they're not letting us in anymore so I
just really want to film this for you
guys to see what it is sort of let try
and plan B we're just goin around never
hurts ask never hurts ask
I'm glad we got together come in and
just check it out like we're the only
sober ones here thing I think we really
are everyone else is just so chill okay
you know I just thought of it probably
had the best food here deep-fried peanut
butter and jelly yes
no I'm just proved my point I was a cool
little adventure none of us really
smoked or anything like that I was just
kind of cool to you know get to see the
atmosphere and it was really nice to see
how they were all promoting safety as
I'm just walking across the street like
the message that they were just talking
about like you know peace love and just
taking care of one one another it's a
cool little atmosphere Seattle's got
Hills you know everyone's got one
opinion one side of the argument and
another moans winded I'm winded this was
this cruel I got alligator to go back
and forth I forgot what I was saying it
distracted by the hills it was just like
a cool thing to experience we go to
Buckley's just I don't know it's just
not on a hill all right so we're gonna
have a nice little dinner
we got Diana we got Chris we got his
father
you got lives over there gaining Lindsey
and I got you a gumball you are probably
responsible for us
see tip exceed bringing lives together
alright so vloggerfair is done you guys
say thank you to Diana and Chris and Liz
for put it on all the other volunteers
how many volunteers you guys have three
Canadian all three Canadians Reagan
vloggerfair happen thank you well today
was another awesome day everyone give it
up for Ali actually catching the fish
yeah good job bye-bye go go go go go go
Wayde you have a key okay
tricking me out you don't you don't ya
playin with me right now turn down my
life
I were getting a giant pillow oh alright
guys don't forget to subscribe because I
was the nipple them gives us subscribe
you guys are brand new and I will see
you guys soon well as always
you
