good morning Internet so I've stopped
and restarted this video I don't know
like 15 times it's like the fifteenth
take so today I have to go to a funeral
for a close family friend whose daughter
just recently passed away so I don't
really know I didn't know how to start
the video but I am keeping up my promise
I am juicing it's through a bunch of
graphs in there but I honestly got the
thinking about it you know what I mean
like I feel like a funeral should ever
be about mourning somebody's death but
actually celebrating somebody's life I
feel like that's what it should always
be about I mean don't get me wrong at
any level it's still incredibly
incredibly sad and upsetting just wanted
to say love you guys love each other
you never know see I've always been one
of those added believers that is
unnecessarily required to wear all black
when you go to look like a service or
something like that because like I was
saying it's not necessarily morning of
passing but celebrating somebody's life
so out of respect I am wearing all black
but underneath I am wearing this to
celebrate the young life of this girl
and I don't want anyone to think that
I'm being disrespectful because look
can't even see them it's just more so I
know that they're there this is my dad's
first wheatgrass shot right yes try we
think interesting that's good for you
can you tell we're related yeah it's
actually really good for you oh I'll do
it though all right guys well I'm going
to leave the camera in the car for
obvious reasons I never know what to say
during these kind of things
it was so sad you don't I mean anyway I
will leave you guys here and I will come
back after sorry her before the Thunder
comes alright run I obviously just got
back from the funeral it was actually
really really beautiful obviously very
sad very uh somber but it got me
thinking you never know when your time's
up you should love every day and cherish
every day live every day like it's your
last I don't know if I'd actually told
you this she was 14 years old that's not
just you know sad that's actually
considered a tragedy in my mind she had
a nice Beatles quote that said and in
the end the love you take is equal to
the love you make which is very fitting
very appropriate because honestly every
single day cherish your life cherish the
people around you make sure that people
around you to know that you love them
you appreciate them you care for them
kind of a loss for words right now don't
know really what I'm trying to say I
just remember my second surgery just
kind of like opening my eyes to life and
taking chances and doing things that not
might not normally do just live life to
the fullest
I just hope that in these videos that
some sort of message like that comes
through that you basically live life to
the fullest you do what you want you be
what you want you make yourself happy it
honestly just kicks you right in the
face for it to happen to somebody so
young to a life you know life's precious
you know I mean it's so fragile and I
think sometimes people forget that I
just wanted to let you guys know that I
appreciate it I love you guys and
everything you guys have done for me in
my life to allow me to have done
everything that I've done in my life I
wanted to thank you guys you have given
me an amazing opportunity and the life
I've always wanted and worked very hard
to get you guys have helped me with it
and I just I cherish it I appreciate
every single thing I wanted you guys to
know that they're butterball
they'll hit your head goofball you guys
want something cute
it's Marley's first caller it's your
first caller Marley come on that how big
your head is grown what do you think got
a headband you like it
wait time I spray my cologne ooh I smell
it okay
I smell good Marley since we are flying
out of Tampa for the vlogger fair
tomorrow I'm packing up so I can just
stay at Melissa's place right now she
has a pact I don't know I will not pack
for you don't give me that you have to
pack for yourself go grab your toy
no there's a lady behind them all right
it was embarrassed to show you guys this
for a long time but I'm just gonna show
it to you guys now
definitely a sad face
drop my phone like an idiot this is the
this is the worst I've ever dropped my
phone
anyway somebody get it replaced because
every time I move my finger across it I
feel like I'm getting shards of glass so
you know before going to Seattle should
I get this fixed
you guys look super comfortable
all right time to try to explain this
thank God I had a warranty that's one
thing I definitely notice about myself
is that I am very klutz can you guys
help now the waiting game this it
doesn't really matter anymore the Apple
trash can want the ever thought confused
it looks so cool
I just break it branches broken and now
the waiting game
victorious just kidding this is the case
just kidding how many actually thought
it broke my phone again hi Joey
those goofy years is one of those few
moments Rizzoli Marley actually like
each other pcs had a falling down dream
what is wrong with you we're homeless
they heard dude do you wanna go take a
walk you can leave your bear can you
leave your bear for at least five
minutes poke poke book let's go
exploring guys we got exploring up here
yet oh this is nice beware all the
alligators look look that would have
been bad we almost all just did that
there's definitely a lot more to see and
do up here that's for sure you guys want
to go to the dollar store wait down the
elevator
in some flashback sewing so it's doctor
I'm not taking that off you so my good
friend mr. sxephil filly challenged me
to the ice bucket challenge and you have
like 24 hours to do it
once this turns the bucket now I'm gonna
go get ice so the whole idea behind this
ice bucket challenge is to raise
awareness for ALS which is Lou Gehrig's
disease which unfortunately a friend of
ours passed away Danny Toller the
guitarist from the Allman Brothers a
couple years ago and like all diseases
this a really a disease so I
while it I figured you know since it was
a kind of it's kind of one of those days
I figured try to do this so to make it
one of those like uplifting messages now
the next step is to get a bag of ice to
put in that water let it get nice and
cold
then what you're supposed to do is
you're supposed to wait and then dump it
on your head the whole idea behind it
yeah challenge three of your friends if
they don't do it those three friends the
person who doesn't do it is actually
supposed to donate $100 to an ALS
charity and then if you do it you're
supposed to still donate it's just one
of those things then people see it and
then they you know they want to do it
like one of those beautiful
daisy-chaining things all right now time
to find some ice got the ice you guys
haven't noticed I am a man of challenges
don't dare me to do something cuz I'll
do it man that what the wrong way that's
them hey guys a little bit that way is
he cool
hey you're wasting ice that's supposed
to be going on you ability should not be
hey this is just gonna be nice yeah sure
you're making a mess sir sir give your
phone out phones out pills are all
cameras out just a quick camera
everything just went up into my body all
right so the three people I'm
challenging zoella Danny Duncan and
Corey Vidal so if you guys don't do it
you're a bunch of pansies well I'm gonna
go watch a movie
and try to get the bed a little early
because tomorrow we have a flight to
blogger fair which is in Seattle and I'm
really really pumped this is the first
time I've actually gone to vlogger fair
this is the second annual and I hope to
meet a lot of you guys there I guess the
main thing I want you guys to get out
today's videos cherish life it's too
short
all right yeah so I will see you as
small as always and don't forget to
subscribe for a blogger for your footage
YouTube goodness I think Shay Justine
and a couple other close friends are
gonna be there
so our meeting a sandwich now have a
great night doodles
