I'm trying to get the video uploaded as
you can hear Marley wants to go swimming
really bad with less women I know you
well summer's over technically so you
already got your summer body alright all
done got our flights taken care of for
vlogger fair this weekend now he goes
take Marley have to go swimming
alright Marley Riggle swimming yes
you've been very patient I know it is
out of character you've been very
patient once I go swimmin okay really
really going right I promise you it's so
cute it's so cute
go in the pool woo
are you happy now any day any day you
bought get out there you need a little
support go look at the old lady in the
back no you don't want to go one of
those nice gorgeous days oh so beautiful
look the old lady's in the pool do you
want a margarita you want to sit here on
your Zoey step I'm glad that was
installed a giant step for just Zoey
because she stopped using look at this
skin a little more comfy just stare at
you see what happens
I went to go get some more Gatorade they
come out this is what I say
yes you're so awesome I love going on
tour but being home just hanging out
it's really nice you know those nice
little boring days where you just hang
out with the pups and just look at the
sorry sorry did i insult you what I was
saying before I was like rudely
interrupted was those nice little boring
day I'll go over here don't worry I'll
go over here so I'm not taking your spot
we're just hanging out with the pups
just enjoying the day I like how you
guys got the brand-new rocking chair and
I'm on this plastic thing that might
have spiders what it's my guard dog yeah
right
ferocious guard dog go protect me go
protect me
yeah perimeter perimeter search no or
just stop right there
that's cool no swimming anymore do you
know what I go swimming
what's in your you're like diesel by the
way guys you get to meet diesel pretty
soon all right time to open up my treat
yourself gift and get some nice juice in
me oh it's so funny that it's grass what
is it like wheatgrass has how many
pounds of vegetables in it mmm success
I know a wheatgrass is good for dogs
like with and cats for like your stomach
so I'm gonna see if it's in a different
texture if the dogs will eat it no Zoey
guys still know it's grass you guys are
smart
I'm a double-shot ready but today starts
the day where Charles unless I get back
in the juicing and healthiness
surprisingly I really like wheatgrass
I'm naming it twice does anyone else if
you have more than one cereal in the
house do you guys just mix them right
now I got oats and life cereal it's like
a potpourri of cereal the ultimate
cereal whoo let's go to the park what's
gonna Park in been there a long time
where's Marley are you already on the
golf cart dude
come on quit running into me all right
yes ready let's go blow it up
do this one everyone where's Marley
golfcart vision you haven't seen this in
a while so this is as fast as the golf
cart now goes I think it's officially
dying somehow
I have no idea what's going on
fully-charged got a new battery charger
the batteries are okay
this might be an excuse to get a new
golf cart this is slow this is like
turtle slow I'm not like turtle mode man
turtle mug fight a little mood guys like
my little mood I thought it would match
everything right now because I don't
have a moving yet the moves gonna go
over here I think this is not gonna make
it what's going on they see me rollin
they laugh-in because my golf cart be
only crawling that's pretty good prone
to come slow call for Charles even the
dogs they're like what the
all right I gotta go home I don't want
to get strapped out here see if I can
even make it there grass hi guys
you might have to get out and walk oh
she does get slower please sled dogs you
guys can do it
what's the watermelon fine what's a
watermelon that's a watermelon Zoey I'll
try I'll give you first No
hey Gus hey jerk I don't know how to eat
this just eat it eat it eat it now are
you in trouble
eat it now don't make a mess yeah you
make it a super best you're such an ass
huh okay barely made it home this time
almost had to push it again
I just wanted to take a little minute
for a serious moment and just say thank
you to all you guys out there that have
been supporting showing love during such
a crazy part in my life I'd be
completely honest you know life has
always got its ups and downs and right
now it's obviously very apparent that
I'm going through a very difficult and
stressful and completely awkward
transitional period in my life and with
everything going on I just wanted to say
thank you guys for being the awesome
support of crunch that you guys have
been for me it's been very stressful
Michael I pretty awkward a transitional
period in my life right now and and you
know it's one of those things you know
those critics all throughout the world
you know for movies TV shows - even food
and she's got a little past that you
know it's difficult and for some reason
the critics always seem to try to speak
the loudest but if you really look the
true positive people are the ones that
speak the most beautifully and honestly
I think that's the most important part
and like everything I could just only
hope that in time life will get back to
normal for you guys for me my family
everybody get past all the stressful
stuff
so thank you little bit
only I can end a heart-to-heart like
this that's how I roll all right so I
just charged the golf cart one more time
just to be sure that it's completely DOA
all that Oh guys what that was just a
fluke looks like it may have just been a
fluke oh thank god
good old greenie the golf cart still
good guys
so I promise you guys the PA RK so we're
going to the PA arcade or the park you
guys already know
we really girls
it's working
who says I can't fix things and I'm
getting my man card back like every
single day like both all now is good
slow
we'll be back son
we're seeing the world fresh tattoo and
bright old son l still so fingers
crossed guys across those years I'm
gonna make it back I'm gonna have to
push this thing up back up
oh I didn't know wait and this is why
you gotta get a gas one day where does
the newer one
well we couldn't go to the park but at
least I promise you as a walk I like to
keep my promises there you guys go
also if you've been kind of living under
an Internet Rock the new t-shirts are
available at CP fxe merch calm so you
can go get those or t-shirts and tank
tops I didn't know which color so I did
a bunch of colors so you guys can just
pick and choose which ones you want by
the way you guys probably watching this
video like this on Charles's face I have
no idea I got scratched no idea where it
came from maybe a monster it has been a
nice relaxing day I have thoroughly 100%
enjoyed it definitely needed one of
these days nobody poop and nobody poop
and walk nobody torpedo poop Zoe I'm
looking at you this sucks
every once a while I have to like get my
old man pills and just get it all
situated like this so funny what kind of
pills you guys want as you guys know my
memory sucks sometimes I have to use
these little things that like I can't
forget basically but keeps me alive I
can't complain too much
high five or stayin alive being pretty
fast at this would be a pharmacist the
only fun part is breaking the pills I
was hanging out with a good friend all
night guys want to meet them remember oh
I'm a purple platypus
can I suck at this anyway so I'm gonna
go watch a movie so I'm gonna let the
little platypus say goodnight to guys
hi guys time to say good night hope you
guys enjoy a child's video and don't
forget to subscribe to get the brown
meal don't forget to go to CTFxC merch
calm get your brand-new t-shirts
the link is in the description below
don't be a
have a great night and Charles we'll see
you guys tomorrow going
 lost it
