no no no no no morning bubble attack
yeah I'll take my honor
so today is tattoo day so with that
picked me up and we just had supplies
today I think he's going to work on my
forearm and work on the space spaceman
the Aster the astronaut holding the
camera
here was my buddy and we're working on
the astronaut and just showed it to me I
should have filmed of my reaction cuz
this thing's awesome
okay this is going on my arm this is me
in space hopefully one day chasing my
camera because I'm an idiot I drop it
all the time and here's a little number
does anyone know what this number means
Michael tell anyone you have to figure
it out how many comments I guess is step
two it's designing would be step one way
song song does it suck yeah looks like
it's gonna be a long day yeah once you
get into him
you learned how to ignore it and
versatile will embody if I used to that
section under it it's usually why in the
last week we asked if I want to break it
you just say no he says kind of like let
your body like rest and I don't like
that because I'd rather keep my body
going because then my body doesn't not
get used to it that's like when I got
the pizza tattoo I had to play the show
I got the tattoo one play to show I came
back
that was I couldn't believe he visit
that's right up there with a skateboard
deal he closed that ditch
we thought about did five years people
gonna be like what the hell is that
camera me recorded stuff on a hand
that'll actually will be kind of funny
to see that that there's no longer the
process of recording stuff getting the
shading done shading is the worst part
it's more surface area and it's you know
the machines usually set up to hit
softer so we're just finishing up on the
shading right now and it's looking
fucking amazing guys figure this out yet
the 509 good thing about losing your
camera and space is that can't break it
they'll just float away forever that's
why we didn't do any other cracked
screens I know somebody was asking them
why do we do is crack skiing screen
because you can't drop it in space
they'll just George Clooney it's way
away from them so since this is such a
long session we were only going to do
the shading and the lines they added a
little bit of color and mind you the red
is for my blood so that's what we got so
far it is going to be colored next time
so the next session we're going to do
this side of my arm they're going to
come back here we're gonna do different
colors on the the astronaut basically we
want to like DMS wants to think of some
really cool colors that we can use to
shade the guy basically right yeah is
that awesome is it mom approved mmm that
looks like it's 3d that's mom approved
by the way guys I don't know if I
mentioned today a couple months ago Ali
and I just saw decided that August 12th
was gonna be national treat yo'self day
at least for us obviously treated myself
to a nice little tattoo and I'm going
home
Ali's meeting me at the house and we go
treat ourselves so August 12th will be
the CTFxC treat yourself day and you
gotta say it yourself because that's
what they say uh lizard Parks and
Recreation you ever seen that show by
the way like I said the reason why we
wanted the wait would I want to get
better ideas for the color so we're
going to do is behind me
the astronaut aka the astronaut we're
going to put earth so that way up here
in the viewfinder you'll have earth and
the viewfinder as well so that's why we
just did the shading today because we
wanted to really make sure we do this
right you're gonna get your dragon
tattoo next well then get a roller
coaster I have a CTFxC roller coaster
dad and a mother and a butterfly I
literally have a CTFxC roller coaster
design our buddy Carl does our t-shirt
designs David if 5 million subscribers
my mom will get that tattooed right on
her but known out there where see on
your arm 5 million subscribers my mom
will get a CTFxC roller coaster tattoo
on her arm
see this is design that I was talking
about look you're get that tattooed it
looks like love it's a roller coaster it
looks like love where you see love and
the relic says we I will see love get
those glasses back on come on get in
here oh my god she's gonna be like that
dog that passed out
okay that does not help that does not
help the situation that was awesome
throughout the color so crazy don't want
the color yet the awesome girl that made
these and gave me into them gave it to
me on Warped Tour I remember showing you
guys and then the leg actually broke in
transit my mom fixed them they're now
fixed ready is he get I'm not gonna
catch it in my mouth if you do I will be
pretty amazed I'm not getting a dog
Mexican in my mouth I'll try it
you try here try carrot I like that
you can do it sit sit brick dance Marley
we won do a big big grins big one good
spin bring cats Brickton go on there we
go that's a good one more come on Street
yourself day treat yourself to a
cartwheel well just stay away from there
because apparently that's where the poop
is there was a horrible cartwheel I was
horrible wear a helmet over here you're
gonna get hurt knowing here is the Earl
necessary careful klutz I've met my
match and klutziness I like the UH ah so
I'm going to treat myself to a
wheatgrass juicer and some hot fudge
sundaes to counteract
well see the thing is I get the hot
fudge sundaes but I get the wheatgrass
juice or to counteract the terrible
decision I made
but it's yours one day one day you get
to treat yourself basically we're gonna
take grass that grows outside and juice
it is that weird this all which one we
use I don't know I didn't know which one
does grass yes like something like this
is a wheatgrass juicer Oh cakes I'm
blind
okay definitely grass you sure this is a
wheatgrass juicer so we just Brian just
helped us like crazy right Bed Bath &
Beyond Ryan a bit bumpy on it's a lot of
bees ran Bugatti on behind better the
ants can't get one Fred right right
Brian Fantana I can't get past one treat
yourself treat yourself see yourself
treat yourself your doggie mushrooms you
want to know our life have you ever seen
the meme of the notebook where they
dubbed it like made it seem like they
want their most of Ryan Gosling and
they're like what do you want or talk
about food it's not that simple
what do you want just look at Ryan
Gosling food that's pretty much our life
right now because she can never make a
decision
excuse me sir says exit only
I walk - yes so the very glad to follow
you make sure no one jumped on you and
tackled you muffins why we going free
zucchini that's good for you zucchini
nut one zucchini net
Raisin Bran that looks gross treat
yourself I can't say that enough
okay sure it's good how do you judge the
grass is good wait alone brown grass
well I understand that sir that looks
pretty green treat yourself
yeah that's like for you like jellybeans
the final thing I've treat yourself day
have to do it
so I'd have to say Internet the first
annual CTFxC treat yourself day was
completely successful
you
next year we got out do it I know you
have something on your face
worst part they didn't give us any
napkins here what's the new I think I
finally met my match oh boy I just want
oh oh I'm so excited
many one of many so in one style uh
alright guys so that includes the first
official CTFxC treat yourself day I'm
using that in the morning get some grass
in my system actually in the comments
below tell me what you guys did to treat
yourself anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video don't forget to subscribe
because remember we got to get my mom to
get a tattoo that is the goal and I will
see you guys tomorrow as always doodles
well this is a little bit different I
completely forgot the in the yesterday's
video when I was editing that the new
t-shirts are live right now at CTFxC
merch calm you can probably see them
right now go CTFxC Merce calm go get
them links down there in the description
alright guys double toodles
you
