good morning Internet those of you of
Nazi big drivers serious it's completely
honest it's been kind of nice last
couple days I miss Ali obviously I miss
her into death but it's been nice
because she's you know doing a lot of
cool stuff it's like when I'm on tour I
always end up getting a lot of
interesting things let's call it
interesting because some of its really
weird and you know that way Ali can just
focus on things at the house and do her
own thing so it's kind of been like a
vacation or a break I don't want to say
a break but it's like a better time off
for vlogging for me which I feel like it
is necessary so I can like rejuvenate
myself every once in a while
otherwise I just lose my mind cause like
I don't take breaks I've never missed a
day you guys know that so for me to have
this little bit of time escola days
that's why I've been kind of mi or just
doing kind of simple household just
riding bikes just exercising just doing
things like that because it's honestly
keeping the same up cat she's certain to
beg by the way like Marley she goes and
begs over there I thought me getting
something she'll follow Marley and it
was to stare and they know Marley goes
boom she goes and she now so I'm gonna
get it next time on camera so she's now
picking up traits of Marley I wish you
just get traits of Zoey it'd be so much
better so beautiful and I do not mean
either oh all right you guys are not
familiar
the movie Rocky this is where rocky runs
up the steps and like jumps up and down
Cheers
all that fun jazz I've never seen the
movie so I'm not really that familiar
but I do know that seen a great view of
the whole city it's super beautiful lots
so pretty and there is the rocky statue
oh we're not going to wait in line so
we're doing that we're doing the cheap
way by outside if you guys have nothing
affiliate something really really cool
even like the suburbs your fella called
a little what are they all summer
and they're so cool I'm like hooked I
keep dying time like hey we should just
move out here
for real no like some ice thingy give us
the rundown on everything right now
foundations of the edge my house where
he where he lived as the president
United States for the first time that's
for real and point markers around or
like where the rooms were divided out
that's pretty amazing historia break yes
like for example today I was able to run
an additional five miles which now leads
me in front of Danny and Ally hold on
let me show you the scoreboard I'm
actually gonna profit I always lose ally
always just like the freaking gazelle
and beats everybody not this month let's
see here Nike look at that leaderboard
so I apparently ran that many miles this
month and I'm winning finally beat Ally
she's probably gonna run like 40 miles
just in the next three days just to beat
me at this time what was they doing
that's playing I'm doing something I
don't know if I ever mentioned that he
loved the floor guys did an amazing job
but they broke our lock so they bought
us a new one and I have you have to try
to put it back together I always feel
like my new walks I screw them up
because they're so simple it was so
complicated
that's what she
okay moment of truth it does it lock
locked yeah so far there we go we got a
lock we are locked
about to inhale
this is the second bank of the United
States not the first not the third of
the ninth
the second nope I like second place is
it so sued in
zoom out and actually his house a brand
new house the frame you see the
foundation oh just kidding don't have
him go ahead and show you everything
he's a liar
you only should do I should surprise Ali
have all this laundry done you know not
a good idea do you want to just take
over the bed yeah you want to rip down
the curtains that sounds awesome and
Zoey just being good somewhere got my
motivation cases before and I'm just
praying that I can do a nice after and
getting there all the clothes are put
away all three of the girls are passed
out so now I just got to run the vacuum
I'm feeling good right now
I feel like Ali's gonna be really
surprised and as you can imagine they
were a tremendous help so this is one of
the houses on the street you just saw
closet bedroom hallway don't mind this
I'm doing that next that and that she's
gonna be super surprised on this one
although my works death but this side of
the sink it's always a mess she always
comes in mind I always like to have
nothing
obviously bare minimum I got deserve a
Frappuccino that is the most random
thing I could say I want to throw
Petrino please I know they're they're
girly they're girly drinks but I don't
care
they're like smoothies or froth they're
like milkshakes but not as fatty
especially with all that running I've
been doing can't count all that too much
don't want pizza
I think I wanna get pizza tonight so
while we're in Philly one of the places
that Shelly a microsite that we had to
go to see serious Ella and they wanted
to get the knee okay
wait it's chilly just reacted to this
and right there I'm very sad about
trying new cheesesteaks no my first
taste
and I like them all so I gotta keep
running keep working locally I'm burning
like a crapload doing all this
never mind the sweaty goodness but check
it out guys double my my reach or my
goal
damn I'm sweaty gross so usually I run
when I wake up and no matter what time
that is in Florida it just sucks so I
ran right now it smells 6:30 beautiful
time to start running beautiful like my
endurance was like crazy like I didn't
even want to stop usually after a couple
miles I need to stop and walk for a
little because it's so hot I need to
take a shower yesterday I had so much
fun just riding my bike and just chillin
it's actually one of the most relaxing
things now becoming one of my favorite
things ever and I mentioned earlier I
wanted to go get Starbucks to kind of
treat myself treat yourself even though
it's not treat yourself day is but
instead of like taking the car I just
figured I'd take this thing I'm in the
groove right now with exercising I don't
know if you can tell I think you guys
priority know this about me is that I
have a very addictive personality so
that's why I don't do a lot of things
because if I do I would do them way too
much in excess my obsession is working
out and getting in shape I don't feel
like that's a bad thing I feel like
that's actually a very positive thing
and it's just gonna better myself and
it's kind of fun they're riding bikes is
fun running I'm not so fond of running
okay I got it remember where the
Starbucks is pumpkin spice frappuccinos
pumpkin spice is taken over the frickin
world so good though you know what I had
a pretty freakin good day maybe not the
most eventful but I definitely got a lot
of things they haven't been it I've been
basically been putting off for the
longest time but I finally just sat down
and stop procrastinating and got it done
it's nice I promise when I get some
things to get back to normal it's you
know what it is it's just we make such a
good team and like when we're separated
from each other it's kind of hard to I
feel like you know like do things to get
motivated because I feel like she
motivates me and then I motivate her and
as a result we make some pretty like I
would like to thank pretty fun vlogs to
watch Anna got super dark don't worry
there's another light but when were
separated at
kind of hard to have that motivation
because your other partner your other
half isn't with you
it really makes you oh shoot okay it's
raining okay where they coming from
it just really makes you appreciate your
your significant other I mean I love my
wife to death she's the greatest person
in the world I honestly wouldn't be half
the person I am without her that's for
sure
I know things just got super sappy
didn't they oh my god
with the water come from it's the
weirdest thing like it's in spurts
like rain rain rain rain rain stops rain
rain right feet rain rain rain rain rain
gonna stop in a second hopefully oh I
gotta put you away you're gonna get
ruined my life if you guys are
susceptible to blinking lights close
your eyes now I'll tell you when it's
over
well yeah I got some lights right here
and I got some safety lights back here
looks like a cop cop bike okay you can
open your eyes now and I want to go out
there trust me come on you don't want to
go out there Marley
I'm telling you I promise okay first is
ignore the stupid hair cuz I have a hat
on
so tonight I'm trying to top what I did
yesterday it was disgusting looking but
I'm gonna try some turkey dogs some
asparagus and then I'm gonna do sauteed
spinach again cuz I love this like a
favorite thing in the world I'm eating
pretty good actually
Ali's gonna come home she's gonna
destroy the cooking game I'm very proud
of myself
we got a Chicago dog we got a pesto
chicken sandwich from yesterday sauteed
spinach and single asparagus because I
ate all the other ones
I don't want intense scale how hungry to
that just make you way better than
yesterday I'm sure yesterday taste is
amazing this one tastes amazing and
doesn't look like crap Oh
time for you guys
