morning Internet it happened begin
around 6:00 in the morning at another
freaking seizure and I'm like all like
guys every time I have one of these it's
absolutely freaking terrified and I've
been trying to keep stress level down
I'm trying to eat a little healthier
it's just every single time it happens
it just terrifies me because it's it's
frightening I just want to say thank you
because every time something like this
happens you guys always aren't able to
because you guys are always able to like
make me feel a little bit better about
the situation and
reading your comments and your support
and your love always helps me let's just
want to say thank you guys for that
think it is this I'm using my left hand
I don't know if you guys noticed that
sobbing he's my left hand it's nice and
strong right now gotta move for because
only an idiot trips on their past you
really thought that was kind of cool I
didn't make that up I wish I did feels
my last name being trippy and everything
like that seems just seem appropriate
I guess I need to go take a nap I've
seen a bit hopefully a little bit better
if we're gonna do this paper I didn't
know I had a newspaper Tyson so much
better today after that sleep all right
I'm watching you mark right I know where
you going I know that's your poop spot
juicing time don't wanna put my finger
in there
that normal
you're like a big Marley eats everything
guys want to know a little home
fixer-upper idea let's say your that's
mustard I don't want to do that let's
say your garbage disposal started to
stink
if you have lemons I don't have lemons
but I have lemon juice but if you give
it lemons and like lemon rinds and then
ice and shove them down the disposal
it'll make your garbage disposal stop
sneaking yes I said that never use your
fingers I know that sounds stupid but
there's the don't use ur fingers
so its first time getting them play my
Simpsons pinball games since I've been
home and I got my Simpsons pinball socks
thanks to a CTFxC here these are the
official socks that I'm allowed to play
in any other socks are just blasphemous
let's here we do this one-handed man
we're doing pretty good one-handed whoo
so my mom brought over a Guinness World
Record book from 95 do you think we're
in there I don't think the internet
existed then there's a 1973 one internet
definitely really that'd be so weird if
my name was in this the internet killed
television in the future yeah
1973 that was crazy so today we are
going to replace the the cameras the two
cameras that are destroyed on this tour
I guess it's agin is replaced the good
replace already run away big time
warranty
you don't have to keep down could pick
him up then you make you feel bad even
after kicking them all over the place
they don't even look any worse than what
they did that looks without that by the
way was because I sat on it buns of
steel that's what it is
if you sons got buns of steel I think
I've officially bought the lowest thing
ever and best buy an empty water bottle
of thirsty starts drinking in line a
dollar 69 is the lowest I've ever spent
at Best Buy I think leave the record I
challenge you guys to spend a lower
amount of money at Best Buy dollar $69
690 v'n see if you guys can beat that I
told her you were looking forward to you
guys are like twins
ready is it good has to be pink
it's good it's just harp but I haven't
like come in my mouth so I have to mix
it taste
mixed feelings about that I can't tell I
mean it's sweet so there's strawberries
mmm there's probably serve Fleming well
what do you know we're going on a triple
date right now
waiting for Danny and Lindsay Melissa
and Phil and we're gonna go see into the
store basically twister part two it's
pizza correct answers always always
fabulous the cheese too hot we already
discussed this buddy okay we're here you
Phil he's packing right now she's coming
she's coming
there's no by large we could do better
than that
none of those actually made it
I mean you might be staring down the
barrel of greatness think Alec don't go
closing their doors on yourself look my
strong hoarding the free stuff and
writing about things that make me happy
we're not you just listen I was just
saying that this movie means Bill Paxton
baby Helen Hunt pretty good though the
flame tort ways that giving it away if I
say that the flame NATO flame NATO what
are you doing
what movie did we just watch mr. Ford
you literally sat there for two hours
that have no idea if you were to guess
of all the movies out I know into the
storm
yeah quit the walking dead for that but
who is filming this video get in here
that's rude that's rude
that is rude so before I have to pass
out and take my chemo pills I just want
to let you guys know that Ali and I both
are gonna be going to Seattle for
vlogger fair is it next weekend okay
so it's next weekend so the links down
there in the description I think if you
guys use a coupon pizza it gives you
like 10% off or something like that so
links down there Ali and I both will be
there there will be Ali's first YouTube
convention and my first time ever at
vlogger fair hold on so today's the last
dope dope dose of this duo stupid chemo
fingers crosses it wasn't like this
morning mmm which by the way guy handed
to Ali
freaking Rock you guys so much for the
love and support and I will see you guys
hopefully at vlogger fair have a great
night
dude I can't believe I just missed that
you
