what you doing mr. spider I don't let it
affect the area around me we eating the
bus is arriving of a storage unit and
since I didn't fly with any of my my
stuff because I wanted to get on the
plane not to deal with anything I'm
going to meet the bus right now time to
unload the giant ass fricken to this day
these are stayed rody time wait loves I
don't have Roni gloves cuticles wear my
clothes I don't know if I'm getting bad
flashbacks right now or
it's nightmare it's like nightmares
right now yeah we're a home for like two
or three days to get back on the bus
you're just like yeah I want to go home
although clean bus when you first got on
clean bus it's kind of exciting a bus
has been on tour for three months it's a
hospital so the final outcome of this
tour reading up this poor base still
blood everywhere
yeah right
what was pretty much the Mona it's
pretty silver burst and then they're
sleeping
this is the real bittersweet moment
right here an ende trailer a single drum
head as they trying to find Marlee
nobody leaves me please do they ma'am
we're not going anywhere come on
come on darling watch out we're retiring
the face so the very first base that I
have would be the Kings is now being
retired this is retirement we can't get
on top of it oh my god girl daughters
it's always more delicate so much more
delicate but you're still gross to him
to be retired so I just scheduled an
appointment for a haircut because I
figured I was looking a little bit whole
rific except for the beard which we
haven't come to a decision by the way
subcode trying to take a little bit of a
nap before getting a haircut and then
ali is coming down and maybe we'll be
deciding the fate of my beard now I see
why Shane would be such a big deal about
his beard we come up come on Dumbo I'm
gonna try it
good good good so I guess I fell asleep
like 30 minutes in the hammock
still best purchase ever then apparently
I was just told by Ali it is national
root beer float day that's what she just
called me
it's just respectful if I don't listen
so he knows me so well and I am almost
I'm halfway there guys kind of got the
global beard but I think I might trim it
today they're so funny the girl was like
cutting my hair and I was thinking to
myself I'm like nothing's changing
nothing's changing what is going on
she's cutting so much hair but nothing's
changing with DMV
yeah but I can't drive it has been awful
I think the worst thing to do is sit
through the DMV and just be like well I
got a driver's license I can't drive
what do I do
I don't know anything else it could be
possibly worse than a DMV
this is dispersed waiting line for a
ride and then we wouldn't get to collide
at the end of the line they stop it cuz
this needs repair repairs batteries even
punched in the face that's it to DMV
we were gone a couple hours you're pass
out like that dog in the Internet I'm
opening it well if you had thumbs you
would open it don't talk to me like oh
now you're getting in it no Spanish
excuse me ma'am he demanded me to open
the door so you can just go around
lounge in the freaking pool going yeah
what a brat welp how many days have I
been home huh took that many days what
was it three days three days Marley that
ran and get something walked out I
couldn't find Marley and out now I found
her just rolling on her little hammock
you're a bad girl look at me
bad girl you're bad
bad girl bad girl Marley actually I'm
pretty proud then I said two days so you
actually have one day on me right now
she was a smart decision not to go
follow your sister look - you're gonna
come up to yesterday yeah sorry I shot
you yesterday I'm so sorry
somebody's gonna fall right off and
you're not gonna know what happened this
way I have grow dogs is this so dainty
maybe I can take a nap now
this is like dating day between you two
see this is the complete 180 calm just
make sure I don't go anywhere just
talking I see me leave my side so cute
hey bud
oh don't go in the pool Starly just got
here
are you jealous Ali's here okay we're
going over here today is national row
Fiat Group ropey a root beer float day
so we have root beer but we don't have
ice cream so recognize a little last
minute trip to get some ice cream don't
have the float here the root part
all right what kind of ice cream three
years or we can go crazy you know fudge
brownie kind of moved I just gonna move
for a rootbeer play
I pick the movie I picked the movie we
still watching the same movie from
yesterday they work scissors I will be
vanilla Rock Paper Scissors shoot
Rock Paper Scissors shoot vanilla all
right a little baby ones trying to make
an excuse but it's just they're just so
cute thank you
that was cute what do you think it's
gonna happen when you kerplunk that in
their name
that's girl okay that was yours that
one's yours
well you know ones his ice cream scoop
like some help sir no you gotta put some
in yours Jimmy whoa whoa third time that
comes the charm don't occur Plunkett in
your liquor pocket Internet whose root
beer float is floating yeah but you want
it to mix sir yeah I have to say mine
okay you're so slick kind of cool but
it's floating I don't know it's like
butter here the butter beer stuff see
there ma'am hey take your root beer
later sir you told me that the shave so
it's all over my face
guess what see something funny that's
how Ali eats like a flamingo
yeah hey notice this every time I turn
around she's eating or drinking
something she's like a flamingo Marley
keep looking have fun they're so funny
our second guest the amount I have to
look at it like four or five times just
to make sure there's only four they get
like really freaked out anyway I'll see
you guys tomorrow as always don't forget
to click that little subscribe button if
you guys are brand new if you just
stumbled upon these videos or if you've
been watching for a while they just
don't have an account make an account
then hit subscribe I will see you guys
tomorrow as always doodles cuz I'm
getting bad at this
all row taking goosebumps every single
time every single time
you
