good morning Internet look who came to
visit those whose ear
what do you got you got the Simpsons
good choice Joe he's like you woke us up
this is chemo day obviously and very
sleepy your dog toy pillows didn't work
as well as you do benadryl because she
was aging so much you better don't worry
gene come on let's go it's time to wake
up don't give me that look she's just
having fun and she is hanging by the
pool she sometimes women loves you got
there it makes me very very sleepy it's
actually really cute you know with me
hanging out with me protecting me we've
been doing so long tried to take Zoe out
she's not leaving my side
so I had to come and take her out it's
okay see I told you I wasn't leaving so
does my second day back at home and
today is gonna be the day tackle all
paperwork all about the health insurance
stuff yeah so while I was gone for the
three months my mom was awesome enough
to try to organize all the paperwork so
I wouldn't be coming home to a bunch of
like piles of paperwork so it's nice
thing opening high five by the way you
said you see there yet it's pretty
awesome though isn't it well that's
what's mean well I thought maybe you'd
have a roller coaster I mean that's what
it's been but how much you like pizza
pizza right yeah
well Deimos I see him on Tuesday or next
Tuesday so we'll see
Yeah right Tyson we're gonna tattoo your
face we're gonna tattoo your face like
Mike Tyson yeah that sounds good
sorry I didn't know it was loaded
yeah I promised I didn't know was lucky
to wait you think I put a police dog
over the gun time out what you do bad
guys beware high five
you should be a police dog alright so
bad guy fixed his gun what you gonna do
now I've never seen it and run away from
the incompetent bad guy it's a camera
buddy
look at the camera oh this is not a good
sizzle you cold
oh great dude Kobe just has to open his
mouth and you'll go down terrible breath
what's on your neck you got some balls
on your neck just making sure you don't
forget them okay all right hey girls
we're coming to a critical decision
right now to shave or not to shave that
is the question whether it's noble to
have the beard or to shave it off my
team face do what I want to leave it up
to you guys this is actually turning
into a glorious beard in the comments
should I shave the beard or should I not
shave the beard at least I should keep
letting it grow and become a member of
ZZ Top what do you think Mike you think
I look manly what you think Kobe shave
the beard I didn't know you spoke
Spanish you've ever had beard girls I
know just probably equivalent to like
when a girl grows their hair out you
become attached no pun intended
it's so easy grows back but it's so you
can says weird attachment to it
coby's like can I take all these toys
home gorilla ball terrible guard dogs we
got to do some exercising let's do this
joining up for a walk she's like you've
got to be kidding me
all right we're gonna walk really well
right okay all right so Marley's gonna
run with ally and you know Zoey she
doesn't like running she's an old lady
and I'm on chemo right now I can't
really run Miley will run so probably
outrun you Farley's kicking some butt
Zoey meanwhile I was peeing everywhere
obstacle I feel like this is a good game
a paperboy right now there's the old man
and the dog it's up pretty soon like a
random like tricycle it's gonna come out
our skateboarder that's how she runs
she's not liking it okay
I don't wanna do exercise okay that
sounds boring you are you eating Jolly
Ranchers your tongue is blue always
doing that since this day number one on
chemo starting day number two tomorrow I
don't want to really start doing
anything really crazy I want to stay
active and do like mild walking and then
after this week I really want to get
back into doing some heavy exercising
get back in shape just talk to you
Marley
okay okay
sky is fake time to go grocery shopping
cuz this is all I have
pickles Gatorade and some eggs alright
we gotta get some vegetables and fruits
now get back into the healthiness a big
bag of peanuts for 40 bucks
there's some nice villains there red
nice so after three months of not being
home
we now have groceries oh my gosh my
pants keep falling off I think I lost so
much weight I'm glad you think that's
funny
damn this camera a to Guardians really
uh no I didn't get anything for you guys
actually hold on I was wrong no I good
I've got you guys stuff there you go
I got you guys stop I know I've been
gone for three months and here's your
reward did you get did you forget how to
eat those what happened no I don't like
a little boy there you go by the way the
internet wants me to shave my beard
should I save it
sorry keep it okay I get a big long one
like ZZ Top like the guy from anthrax
cybers the sideburns go out alright so
what are we gonna watch don't worry I
got this you got this you got that right
good good good there's always just
eyeing that peanut butter like no one
wants it I'll take it you Steph not pick
the movie excuse me sir I'm having a
tough time deciding between the two
headed keep clicking your thing there
you go so he just you just lick my god
night you did it Vic so we decided that
Cloverfield since you know I'm vlogging
and I'm getting Ali used to vlogging
logging the monster of course Marley had
have a little potty break was peanut
butter Zoey
always have to have a potty break in the
middle don't ya legal a bowl of peanut
butter CR you have you waited
Aramark time for day two of the
chemotherapy it's too many nope that
can't do that Minnie that's bad too much
poison anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video
it was really nice again to just be home
and just relax
I really am really digging this being
home thing oh by the way dftba just told
me that they lowered the prices from the
posters to like two bucks and that's the
iPhone cases are like to have five or
six bucks at CTFxC Murph sicom so the
links down there so I figured that
that's actually more than 50% off I came
to Mass it's like if it's almost like
fifty fifty percent that's a hundred
percent son hundred percent but Cheers
Oh anyway I will see you guys tomorrow
as always don't forget to subscribe
because brand new and tell me what
you're saying beard or no beard to beard
or not to beard
you
