good morning Internet scratch that what
time is it good afternoon Internet look
at my my Bill Clinton eyes are kind of
gone my bags under my eyes so we're
taking the dogs for a nice little stroll
before it starts raining cuz I forgot
we're back in Florida we're probably
gonna go get a hammock hammock high five
gotta hand it to my mom those little
skinny Marlins and Zoe I thought for
sure they're gonna be nice and plump I
promise I'm not leaving for three months
I promise maybe three hours if that
there you go I promise I'll be back with
a cool hammock that maybe you guys can
sit in we gotta find a hammock district
it's on third remember it was on third I
think they're all in third yeah do your
butt here
I trying to explain to her the Simpsons
thing with Scorpio I've never bought a
me
you wouldn't have to get a hit
these are so I think Marley was like
these
is it nice can you shoot yourself right
out of it
pretty nice
funny Joe
if you have one of these what would I
put it though
I'll try to show Ally the train fan of
the Opera thing that you steep playing
automatically eenie meenie miney moe
catch a tiger by his toe if he hollers
let him go
my mom says that you what is this you
are not loved one over the side my
wallet is this one this side my wallet
is that one great
that one easy got a hammock high-five
over the hammock
success we did it guys thank you for
reminding me I was gonna completely
forget they want to be at home got a
hammock so I wanted to be a cop when I
was younger and my neighbor was a cop so
she gave me a real pair of handcuffs
which is highly legal well anyways
regardless of that okay maybe you can
cock and we were in Home Depot one day
playing around the Home Depot just hit
him somewhere and that's actually
awesome we got to get some tools put
together this thing what video game in
my guys what video game why
anyone know anyway me one of these thing
when I get really annoyed with Haiti
kick it in it's okay get the dance
though right your trademark dance sure
why use your medicine eat your medicine
so don't eat that
let's see she'll eat it eventually
soon forget it's medicine soon forget
this silly
so forget know all the screwdrivers are
screwed in the plastic so you have to
have a previous tool kit to get yeah you
got it
Ally's got a lumberjack shirt on so now
we know what we're doing we're gonna
build that hammock inside the house of
course and then we're gonna watch a
movie cuz today actually I have to start
another round of chemo so what better
way to relax is in a hammock watching a
movie agreed
well that didn't take very long you want
a hammock high training your back in
brows need to learn how to light a fire
when you can tie it right exactly
okay that's one actually really nice
well I'll just put two bitches on here
super nice super nice super nice all
right well let's come up here whose
bitch what's gonna be first maybe we
should double chain it like that
always thinking make it higher it feels
like you just sank down so far as a
romantic if they make it look in the
pictures good before we got this thing
this is what I feel like I just said a
word
rule number one honey the middle of the
hammock stop rocking the boat
you be a pig we did it we did it
why is everyone on top of me mm-hmm yes
we did it so I got a little smarter and
I got
poll action right now I feel like Tobias
that's really like Tobias right now from
the rest of development anyway so now
you can see that they freaking love it
really Thank You internet for reminding
us best best purchase ever hey let's get
one enjoy your soy yeah thanks for the
movie time we got the awesome seating
got some nice little white pizza got
some candy got some lemon got the frozen
lemonade but what movie are we watching
seven figured it out have you
yeah better pick the best movie ever I
go I go big I go big you got some Sun
Chips you got some white pizza we got
some versed emergency life cereal life
cereal got some gum get some Twizzlers
the frozen Slurpee lemonade I got root
beer oh yeah this is this is awesome
meal and then we got Super eight ready
yeah you can grab it and we'll grab Oh
guys I have to put the camera away we're
gonna watch the movie now okay there's
illegal to show the movie out of it the
internet so I will see you guys in a
minute
bye alright guys why I feel like today
was a pretty successful first day back
got the hammock all set up it's amazing
there's a great idea kudos to you guys
however it is also the first day I have
to do this crap again so day 1 starts
today
so here's ingesting poison
can't want to just sleep on the hillock
tonight I'll see you guys tomorrow don't
forget to subscribe if you guys are
brand new and it is good to be home any
other things that I'm forgetting I need
to do up here let me know in the
comments but I will see you guys
tomorrow as always don't forget to click
little subscribe button and have a great
night
booty's I'll be honest it's kind of
weird having me just do that again I'm
so used to all you guys doing it after a
show how do you used to regain grounds
turn the next show or the next travel
anything till buffer fest or just say I
think that's the next thing I gotta go
to
