this good morning guys where are we
Nebraska we're about to enjoy school oh
yes
basically we're in the middle of nowhere
right now as you can see so I have my
catches a pizza tattoo the pizza
well the generator went off so the airs
off microwaves off TVs off going back to
man we'll never mind we are at a truck
stop
what do we need absolutely nothing
we always find something at a truck stop
I wonder where Naraku go perhaps a Taco
Bell
lucky guess deaf breakfast got some
Cheerios the refrigerator broke I had to
get milk I didn't get Taco Bell and
trying to stay here to help
there's a bus I already ate one thing a
cereal trying to go get more
how's a hungry boy that is beautiful
they don't get to the hotel really fast
this bus is going to explode methane is
so much cocktail every single person
Taco Bell right now I'm gonna be a
methane explosion what's that plus a
refrigerator Plus nobody light a match I
feel like Ruud I just look at myself in
the mirror just beyond what happened as
I left my shaver in the back of
Savannah's car in Florida so that's why
I've been able to shave so I'm like a
rugged man a manly man if you will
manly manly man feel like I'm gonna
change some tires getting some oil find
a shark cut down a redwood go deep-sea
diving harpoon Oh Marlon what is the
mother manly man
plant a tree for the tree I knocked down
because you know you got to be smart
about it
helping old lady cross the street it's
manly is that no idea well don't worry
Danny already yelled at me and I'm going
to be safe
great idea
I'm happy to move wait to me mission one
for today get medicine accomplished
don't know if there's anything in this
mall mall so Ally's on the phone taking
her on a little adventure I should say
frontier mall no weapons allowed what
about my guns my guns what all the
goodies like to leave those at the door
at the child you had to chop off my arms
oh my god
they have relaxing massage chairs do
they have credit cards so comfortable or
I can just go in to Brookstone for free
all right so I had to go all the way
back to the bus clever got my pin number
to my debit card but I got cash now time
to go to the arcade arcade I'm like a
little kid I know man start small I'm
gonna need two hands to get this to work
no that's more work back when I was a
kid these things were so much more
finicky now they take everything like
seriously they had to be brand new
dollars
like you beforehand
is it dinner time there goes the light
now I can see ya Mar bar no eating cat
food no eating cat food I think I'm like
pseudo babysitting right now this lady
just came and told the kids to just stay
here and just chill and hear why she
went somewhere
I think obviously accidentally
babysitting this one been jammed did you
got here yeah so who's running the race
you are cool alright so this game within
a game I'm trying to get this quarter
out and actually play the game
no good Oh so the parent just came back
I think it's job babysitting tonight
it's all broken oh there we go Batman
movie is hands down the best Batman's
Michael Keaton I know probably to get a
lot of controversy but the hands-down
best Batman fighting keep not Christian
Bale can't wait to get home to make a
play my own
somebody killed again good how you doing
good good part plus five years oh yeah I
was just playing some video games and
look who I found or who found me you
missed it I was babysitting some kids
some guy just left his kids there I
became an accidental babysitter
it seems like a type of mall that what
happened this is that pizza I totally
want peace right now so we've just got
wind you want to do that thing it's like
a little like trapeze thing oh my god I
can't do it
how many can we fit on the bus
oh my god
it's so cute please don't be so cute
you're so cute
every one of you are so cute I wanna
take all of you home Farley's only need
friends like oh this one's just like
doesn't give it this one wants an escape
oh my god you were the weirdest looking
dog I've ever seen this was the worst
idea ever
and I blame was so cute what are you two
doing
can we all just get along ple guys
everybody love everybody I need to get
home to Zoey Marley immediately like now
two and a half more days guys and then
I'll be home we're all be home for egg
months right planets get nice and full
before we go back to the world when I
walked in I didn't know if Colleen and
Hunter we're here I just asked him if
Tron spannabis was here that's how I
found them
oh yes pizza
Goods up what happens if I tickle you
right now I'll take a tattoo gun to your
face blinds up for the kick go days
offer nice but they also boring
I'm literally kicking a rock around
right now the little things in life guys
see right now why is interesting is I'm
trying to get this whole rock yellow
that's what I'm trying to do right now
dumb I know that it looks totally fake
this is why I like any other grass up in
Florida you lay in it
he'll hug you can lay it it did not get
bugs all over
so I didn't play nearly as many video
games as I wanted so I'm gonna see if
the hotel will give me back some bills
otherwise I'm gonna lose all my coins
there was fallen my pants I hate change
tonight it's like magic
so we're all here politics supporting
trav just a couple of guys kicked Jenny
out sorry Jenny just the couple of yeah
guess it was a big old idiot
and left his credit card at Olive Garden
this guy right here this guy victorious
that will pretend like that never
happened and we will not tell Danny or
Travis or Ali so they can't globe I
think it's Raph still getting tattooed
start problem with cookie
hey buddy got you a cookie
yes problem got three cookies who wants
them for three feet three cookies for
three friends you go trout don't choke
now
like a bird before I go to bed I need to
live a little trip to the pharmacy get
some more vitamin C here's to medicine
I'm so pumped and what the entire tour
without getting sick in the last two
shows I got a cold son of a bitch
medicine in hand and some snacky snacks
I'm gonna go to bed
try to fight this off with sleep and I
will see you guys tomorrow as always
hope you enjoyed today's video don't
forget to click a little subscribe
button if you just stumbled upon these
videos and I will see you guys tomorrow
as always
you
