good afternoon
in a hoodie and a jacket bravery about
waters of the lighthouse before just and
that's a beautiful day okay
something's on my chest that I just I
really want to get off just lately I've
noticed a lot of hatred not only towards
me just
just each other and it's just been
tearing me apart it's been breaking my
heart
ripping each other apart in the comments
she's got to stop because truthfully I
love reading what you guys have to say I
love reading the comments at the end of
the night but just some of the things
that have just been downright evil
about my cancer my brain tumor seizures
just something like that has been down
like evil I'm not I'm not going to lie
if you tell like it doesn't affect me
because I'm only human and it does
every time I have a seizure I'm
petrified every single day of my life I
am petrified there's take everyone else
I don't know what's gonna end up
happening just something I have to live
with and I choose to make these videos
because they make a lot of you guys
happy it make me a happy I meet you guys
every single day and I hear your stories
it changed my life takes my perspective
on life I understand why it's happening
because people are upset and I'm you're
going into this divorce that not
everyone was going to be happy the truth
of the matter is
both of us couldn't be in a relationship
where we're unhappy you guys got to see
10 minutes of her life you know see
various things like that where we didn't
want to share because honestly it wasn't
needed to be shared something personal
as a personal situation this telephone
game that's being run through the
internet
you know accusations about cheating and
things like that it's just getting
ridiculous and because like I saying
if the words you wrote or spoke or
written on your body would you still
think you were pretty or would you still
think you are a good person and some of
the people honestly I don't I don't feel
like you can sit there and say yes you
should cherish life you should cherish
the people around you and both of us
knew that going into the situation of a
divorce that we weren't to make everyone
happy
and we're going to be
although we're upset to them I guess I'm
sorry that we couldn't stay together for
the sake of the videos the sake of the
Internet
but when both when people aren't happy
you have to make a change
every day on this tour I walk around and
I hear stories from you guys
they're so positive to so amazing that's
what keeps me going the positivity of
you guys the stories that I hear from
you guys
changes my life and I know that some
people have said that I've changed for
about genuine with you guys anymore
the matter is these videos are now six
years old I was 23 years old but these
videos started and I'm 29 almost 30
years old and I do feel that people do
change those years of life for those who
have said that I met channel it anymore
I totally
I'm sorry that you misunderstood me
not just wanting to share something I've
got comfortable sharing something is may
not be genuine I've chosen that you
share certain things in my life not
because I wanted to deceive you guys
just because I don't feel comfortable I
don't feel like I don't want to put it
on the Internet
I feel like there's some things I just
want to keep private I'm sorry if you
misunderstood that
it's scary every single day of my life I
have to deal with the fact the simple
fact that I have cancer it might have
been in my brain I'm dealing with that
one of the ways I'm dealing with that is
moving on in my life making these videos
trying to make other people happy
attacks accusations in the comments for
no apparent reason other than the fact
that you have to play in a telephone
game people that know what happened are
the people that know what happened
because they need to know what happened
we shared everything in our lives and
some things we want to keep private and
easy to keep
I will always always always care for I
mean I've made mistakes in my life I've
said some things I shouldn't have said
and I admit that I admit that everyone
makes mistakes my opinions can't dwell
on mistakes things change
and you have to fix them in half of the
line and I understand that people are
going to take whatever I say right now
is just completely
misconstrue it make it something that I
did not intend to
and to those people
I got hit I guess
I just I could go to like convince it
and there's nothing I can do about it
and for everyone else love you guys and
I love making these videos
and I just love making a smile bring any
smile to your faces if you guys bring a
smile to my face every single day and I
just want everyone to stop this stupid
bickering everybody love everybody guys
dld you guys they'll I started a little
bit to get off my chest
beautiful thank you sign didn't know
that simple which is so cool so it looks
like condos in the hot seat today Lucy
in the Sky with Diamonds we'll check
back in my another 7 hours I have no
internet on the bus but if I come out to
the randomness of this parking lot if
you will I think it's if I get away from
the tour buses and to sit right here I
can upload something actually get work
done so not gonna keep today's video on
a somber level gonna go on stage and say
hi to a bunch of see you next years and
live life and have fun
but our buddies here
nobody's here sucking Charles right yeah
I read it
how you doing it that idea get your
dirty ass shoes table guys with that I
chop my pubes off
get out
fun freakin show unfortunately because
the fact that it is an amphitheater they
don't let me go outside so it hit me
right after the show
due to the whole HIPAA theater thing and
not be able to go out I got some lunch
and then if we go to the tent do some
signing and say hi to everyone
I feel really bad and want to make sure
I say hi this is from Brooke just want
to show you what I have to do a little
superglue because in transit I just can
you guess who that is and who that is
thank you very much Brooke miss Evelyn
what did I do that I'm wanted for okay
how's he doing
knock knock who's there Europe Europe
ooh no Europe feel
so gene told you I wasn't feeling good
big buddy
that's what friends are for
hello like deja vu for the beginning of
the day obviously today started off as a
kind of a heavy kind of heavy video
there's no way in hell that I'm gonna
stop vlogging I love making these videos
I love sharing my life with you guys I
just gonna have to get used to the fact
that after this divorce and some people
are just not going to be happy with the
decisions that we've made to those
people I'm sorry I'm sorry you can't get
over that and to everyone else thank you
hanging out with you guys today it was a
great reminder hearing you guys stories
again today I was really kind of bummed
today I was really kind of bummed
walking around just talking with some
CTFxC today and every one of the guys
were just amazing people and I just want
to say thank you I guess I'm just gonna
have to get a tougher skin and hopefully
those people that are just saying evil
stuff just kind of have some sort of
like infinity and just realized what
they're doing and stop and move on on
that note I'm going to end today's video
because it's a beautiful beautiful day
and I'm just gonna kind of relax and
just enjoy this moment right now don't
forget to subscribe you guys are brand
new and I love you guys very very much
I'm not going anywhere
this will that make me stop vlogging
don't worry and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always that's a promise
I wasn't able to go inside stage with a
epi' theater but they've allowed me to
go to
one two three save out give you best
true
you
