so I woke up today and I'm just gonna
lay right here and explain what happened
so I woke up today my nose was
completely gone I you Barney tell right
now I just I feel like complete crap
right now
my nose was going my eyes they were like
you don't like when your eyes are sore
head of Health anyone ever experienced
that then I had a little cough I feel
like I got like a cold like overnight
maybe yeah she was getting coldness
she's left and left the cold with me got
up I walked the dogs you know hopefully
you know sweat it out then I took a cold
shower because I thought that would like
you know wake me up a little bit more no
it just made me more tired and it sucks
so I have to get some errands done today
so I gotta figure out how to not feel
like crap right now
good thing Ali's doing some cool stuff
so that way I don't make the videos
really Superboy stop it right yeah I'd
see I don't even know what's going on
right now I just I feel delirious
I feel like that things in like stomp on
my face I've had all the animals like by
my side so I'm just gonna go back here
now and I will probably take a nap and
I'll see you in just a quick clip cuz
it's gonna be kind of cool all that
works but don't worry it don't feel like
nothing for you guys so Shelly was
telling me well good morning Internet
good afternoon whatever time it is
there's this house that we just drove
past then apparently there's a bunch of
deer that are always out in your yard
and it's if you guys have not been to a
little suburb area or little big suburb
areas outside of Philly it's so freaking
beautiful it's I'm just the trees
everything I don't want to leave
karlsville moving here I've made the
decision I've already found our house
we'll see that's not a real deer but
usually they're right here look like
yard I don't understand better or 100%
better I feel probably 30%
I love percentages but it did help
enough for me to go out and do something
and get some things done otherwise I
would just felt like yesterday I did
things around the house and I completely
forgot about things they needed to do
outside the house so that's what I used
to do today we'll be back don't be sad
she's super sad we're here today has
been like a really relaxing day for us
and I love it we took a nap and it was
great all three of us and the dog slept
in the living room and just chilled out
it was amazing and I needed it really
bad actually I haven't had an afro
really a lot of time so it was perfect
but now we're gonna go to this Mexican
restaurant room Korea believes in mini
ocean school Google River since it
actually turned into a really nice day
and it's starting to get a little colder
I figured might as well get some
exercise and I love this bike that I
only got me from her birthday so maybe
you're gonna go to the water just ride
down there for a little bit so I thought
maybe I should go to see if all the
geocache stuff or the st. Pete rocks
that Ali and I hid I want to see people
found them it's been a couple days some
people should have found it by now
if not I'm moving them somewhere else
but I'm pretty sure they they have been
discovered it's gonna remember where I
actually hit it
I swear it's the same friend who just
gets taller it's really cool very young
just a lot of really cool shops bars
restaurants I love it there's so much
character
Philadelphia runner is the store that I
would try to go in and so I suppose
really look at these buildings that is
gorgeous
guys come to mininum it's really
actually really really gives yourself a
minnow bring your own warts always
something going on here
I was hoping to see some dolphins like
we always do but it's just so raining
and I have no idea I think here's like
an orchestra thing I didn't know that
was happening good time to close I'm
gonna go over watch in a second so far I
found zero of the actual st. Pete rocks
I'm assuming because all these people
here somebody had to have found them I'm
gonna go check out the dolly and
everything now those are Rowdies game
going on to some rep is like really cool
Mexican place
amazing and now we're getting these
delicious chicken tacos and straight
corn and it's ah my god no rock in the
tree okay the last one
oh this was still here hey is this is
the hardest one fine we'll leave that
there though come on somebody you got to
come find this set the dolly I wonder if
any of you guys actually found one of
the other ones but Tom Bowen he's all by
himself all right I'm gonna go back and
watch the concert and head home it was a
nice nice freakin ride though seven
miles so it's gonna be at least fourteen
miles today I could make it
I just did 12 miles and this is what my
hair looks like no wonder why people
were like looking at me all strange
that's funny
last night my goal is to make buffalo
chicken and sauteed spinach but I don't
know what happened I ended up beating
what did I end up eating waffles and
turkey sausage breakfast basically I'm
not doing anyone it was good though it's
definitely not the most glamorous pretty
thing but it tastes freakin good
barbecue chicken sauteed spinach a
little garlic a little pesto tastes good
looks gross I'm not as talented as Ali
is for sure I'm so excited we actually
get to have a fire pit night my one most
favorite thing in the world but you
can't really do it in Florida you're
like looked up this crazy so in true
fall fashion you have to have a fire you
have to watch the Penn State game okay
Nittany Lions and you did some warm pots
not warm it's half hot apple cider so
we're very excited about this weight a
little special add-in yep yep yep but
you guys just saw the fire it's actually
finally getting up and going I don't
know if you can see that you can't see
it in the window
but this is my favorite both chili night
absolutely love fall no I don't like her
she freaks me out I'm not making much
sense it's been a day of being like
really tired Penny Lane is getting upset
she's like you would love me in this
house
oh she's like a looking at Dornoch disc
yeah bird let me end you will come in
with your bandana come on okay I'm not
happy with you right now
don't oh well yes we're gonna have some
hot apple cider sit by the fire watch
the game kind of like the perfect
Saturday night because we were gonna go
out and really explore Zoey but I don't
know I don't know why you guys it's
something that's when I go and visit my
friends and start this nice just to kind
of hang out to get there and just to
kind of relax just a little bit colder
out so you can really just get in your
sweats just chill so nothing that was
right I was just checking this out this
is actually I don't know if this is like
a hidden thing that YouTube does
okay so yesterday's video Rika was
playing with that fidget spinner so
obviously called her kitten plays with
fidget spinner and I don't know if this
is something YouTube does if you use the
word fidget spinner watch this okay so
let's just play it and then it comes go
around
see I don't you saw really quick I I
think you gotta down here
see you see it everything why isn't it
weird I wasn't doing it either video
it's just this you guys probably knew
about it I just thought it was kind of
interesting so I was actually gonna I
was gonna tell you guys that Shelly's
neighbor does something really cool they
are huge Penn State fans here and so
every time that Penn State scores
she's a bell and she rings the bell and
she's just ringing the bell and that's
all I had to tell you so Shelly thought
I should do it this way though I look
like I have no eyes like a black eyes
but right now we're cheering on Penn
State outside by the fire with I am look
we are that day
alright guys hope you enjoyed today's
video I am I was actually in bed I
completely have to say goodnight so I
had to get out so I will see you
tomorrow goodnight bye
