good morning guys we are going to the
venue right now and Ali's doing skipping
back to reality that's like finding
waldo we got to find the bus walk to our
that little bit harder wasn't it I
refuse I did I did this before actually
this is the one that Danny and I played
uh we played homerun Derby on this field
I know if you guys remember this is our
home run and if we get over there was a
grand slam and I'm home look how clean
the bus is good job buddy Ginny helps I
did all of it but Jenny did most of it
this is another Florida date we have
more family or family savannas on tour
with us stood out hardcore chick
ourselves now be in the bad person I was
yelling at you guys now being the bad
person you shouldn't lay down in front
of me and how about that all right sir
Jenica diem the Sally did such a good
job blogging during the show we ready to
vlog again oh yeah she's getting better
we're taking her training wheels off
slowly
are the hand up
go get it
so call it input vlog state is finally
here
epic fail she's still working on the
zoom rally you know she's trying with
the blog's flap flap flap flap flap flap
flap up up hi nice to meet you no it was
a little flat doesn't work I am sitting
on it they go how are you not able to
use a whoopee cushion in the bathroom
this is what I hear every night with no
doctor right every day that you know I
wake up I always wonder if it's just and
then your love for your text messages
yeah and they followed by yeah I usually
feel it
the other day the day they actually
taped it in the middle of the night I
heard and I just hear Koli and hunters
don't latch on his back two minutes is
all we hear every night you never hear
that cuz you're over the front that was
like the lamest one that's a good one
I'll teach how to use it well because
you see this little thing yeah you gotta
hold the photo man how you do it
now he's designing your first camera
what's your name
Mike Mike it's Mike's camera all right
well this is Ali's signature otherwise
an S with a squiggle it's the best best
signature ever see Mike so hot we went
on stage so quickly I couldn't do my
hair I couldn't do my hair
I didn't do my head I'm trying to put a
beanie on now look at it
we play game Travis or Taylor if you
guessed Travis you're wrong Taylor no
loose so Halle is currently getting a
crash course in Twitter I am ready
download Twitter stuff by the way if you
don't know she has a Twitter and sound
there on the screen look at there you
can follow her and an Instagram both of
them on the screen
gosh course let's do this makes me miss
home guys never hurts to ask
another life lesson never hurts ass
thank you mom
otherwise we're gonna have to walk this
alley right I'm gonna get home we're
gonna get a gas-powered it's faster best
dessert yet
sir that's my smaller that was way
ballsy dude I don't know if I should
babe hold my ice cream are you just
looking at the churro huh there's
literally peas there - stop being lazy
Danny if you don't do something long
enough it gets a cut for you right
I feel like she doesn't better than
Josiah
hanging out watching up my sandbag and
then we're gonna go into Orlando that's
our next stop
why samanid on the metal man
that's crazy
so we're now heading to Orlando and I
just everyone sit in the comments say
thank you to Savannah and Ally because I
literally let this camera on the grassy
knoll if you will who found it actually
Savannah actually found it actually good
so say thank you to Savannah and Ally
because I would have left the camera at
Warped Tour they were planning on the
ground here good turn y'all hide in my
pocket just like that's like great wait
a minute that's it let him suffer
no I deserve it you do that's exactly
what we do to Danny so I deserved it
next stop Orlando anyway so I will see
you guys tomorrow as always don't forget
to subscribe here's a brand new to the
videos which you guys might be and I
will see you guys tomorrow as always
you
