good morning guys where are we I woke up
and let's go this deliciousness that's
halfway gone is why you gotta wake up
early tomorrow Ali gets here and I'm
pretty freaking excited I want to show
you how excited Ali is too it's pretty
freakin Depew that's how excited she is
right now she also sent me this photo I
don't know if you can see that hidden
gem in there if you can zoom in closer
we get the Florida the hotter it gets
feel like I'm gonna have like an instant
tan second I walk outside then Florida
again have no idea where Catering is so
I just walked outside I just looked at
the plates just kind of like following
the plates right now it's working
success well yesterday I thought it was
the hottest and Warped Tour nope
and look at this Coley and I are still
wearing jeans like champions it eats
cupcake your crown
you don't have an oven so you can make
them in the Sun Rando
what are those no good oh they're good
what have we learned today if you see a
cupcake
Duckett get this man some pills right
I'm still there okay coach Sophie make a
move
I don't know how I did it
no sweat today teach me like an equal
how not to sweat with Charles Trippy
first thing to do not sweat all right so
this is Holly she has to say I've been
sick for the video for Holly and she put
this in front of my face and weirded me
out by Holly hi this is Barry
and that's Farley Zoe make you miss my
dog I made sure to say hi to everyone
you guys are crazy it's freaking hot out
there we threw out extra water stay well
blank I was so afraid there's gonna be
someone in the head is the beam or beam
hit somebody in the head I think today
was the first day that onstage I thought
I was gonna pass out they got it
literally almost passed out
not because I've been anything but just
because it was so damn high since I woke
up I think I've had or drank about like
12 cans of water it's been shrinking and
drinking all it is nice
one day I've been banned for my penny
board we have a nice little like running
trail but the good news is Ally comes
out tomorrow come on Lauren actually
tomorrow morning less than 12 hours
she'll be here making sure flights okay
right now so I'm about to pass out right
now and I can't seem to find amber
Lynn's little swimming pool I've looked
everywhere for the kids swimming pool I
said I've looked everywhere for Stephen
Stephens kids swimming pool can't
finding it I'm not finding it anywhere
go to Walmart okay let me just get my
cup my little chariot and go to Walmart
I guess that makes sense
maybe so funny if I should go to Walmart
bring back a little pool actually let me
see if they have Bluebird have the whole
crew and ban come to a little pool party
yeah I find of the most disgusting water
after like three seconds I gave it over
my eyes it's so bright I can't even open
my eyes your big baby
oh just go get a lemonade
honey how am I gonna get a lemonade just
take it over there we're getting that
there's no over everything you're
telling me that's fun requires a car
well you can experience all this in a
day what are you calling me a baby
all right well I'm gonna fight you now
come on just because you're tall doesn't
mean you can win in a fight all all one
of those muscles
I hear Yellowcard I'm gonna go with the
yellow card
I was listening to our official
unofficial song I would sing it for you
but I know it ruined the song let me
light up the sky let me light up the sky
something I'm totally gonna walk
dammit now they got all excited so I
think there's like 12 maybe 13 I think
there's like 12 days left of warp tour
and then time from home how long was
this tour including the oversea stuff I
think I was on the road for three months
I know sometimes I realize it cuz I'm
living it then some vlogs some days it
kind of seems similar like deja vu like
Groundhog Day and it's true thumbs up
that's the thing about tour special on
work towards I compared we're done it
sometimes but even although today's
going to find something unique about
every single day and I think that's why
I like well blog you so much is it
forces you to do that hang out with a
pain to getting tore husband shirts just
something always unique happens every
single day you got to make sure you
really strive for that otherwise you
just fall into the monotony the remnants
see me because like honestly if I wasn't
blogging I probably would just sit on
the bus and just watch movies all day
now it should be hell I'd have no reason
to push myself so definitely thank you
guys for being my motivation to get
outside and find
brofist coming home to like a florida
show it's gonna be crazy actually talk
to Dimas you know the guy does all my
tattoos he's actually coming to show I'm
a little afraid of him seeing my scar
from me falling off my penny board
because I don't want me mad I think I'm
more afraid and worried about Dee must
be mad about falling and getting a star
than my mom or ass and it'll be actually
fits in like kind of debating right now
if I shouldn't leave it has kind of like
a remembrance because it's a memory
every time I see this always remember
this warp tour and like the new penis
and be falling all the time oh so in
Virginia I had no idea we're in Virginia
to be honest with you the entire day
that's either pathetic hilarious at all
I can't decide well thank goodness I
didn't pass out the big freaking apple
pie hands-down the best pie is amplified
I don't care what anyone says in the
comments what is the best type of high
things fresh apple and then maybe a
second would be cherry maybe lemon
meringue how it just pie in general I
guess where they keep on Velociraptor
so this is where they keep all the
dinosaurs that wires like this the
velociraptors so the second I got off
the bus I saw these like little tall and
corny look at things and I was like and
basically the kid in me is one of the
runs straight into him he being a little
bit smart I noticed it was a fence hair
I know I would just run right in there
hit a bit check it out
so cool so cool
we're over to hide hide in here come on
let's the MEP MEP MEP
what's up
I loathe russet
I don't want to pull any I don't want
blue Oh John I'm dumb looking just I
could you please find me an orange
Powerade so please quit putting beer in
there
Devon I like water well if we had longer
if we had more water to put in there
chug it
those three beers just chuck it and I'll
get you you nerd
I just cleaned it as you can see the Sun
is still out but I'm gonna go try to
rest because Ali gets here at what 9:00
a.m. 9:00 AM anyway don't forget to
subscribe guys and I think there's only
like a couple more of the shirts and the
posters left at significant urge for the
the giant sale so make sure to check
those out and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always
you
