good morning guys strapped how you
feeling buddy feel great how much my dog
yesterday
Luke was returned hello everybody I was
telling it was too big of a stage it
couldn't do by myself you know takes a
lot to control that left side the
tornado spins right see this is the
thing
have you ever never seen us live Olli
does this like tornado spin I just have
to be like aware of it otherwise I've
been taken out now try it at home
children very dangerous this was the day
the travel and I shot that seems for
that horror movie that we've never seen
the scenes from I have no idea where
that movie land
it's also the place I don't remember
where I had to upload the video just
before stage I had to spit the corner up
like a field I don't know if you guys
remember I was like in the field just by
myself I was right here remember this
little corner i sat right here in this
little corner trying to get reception it
was the only place I could get reception
and I uploaded the vlog so I wouldn't
miss a day I think back here was really
shot that movie I liked doing this is
like deja Vu's stuff right here back in
this little corner two years ago kind of
feels like yesterday it's kind of funny
alright so this is we the Chris you've
seen that about probably a million in
one shows 6363 shows close to a million
one danny want to show what we've got
here we're no longer ashamed to show the
world
Charles and I are tour husbands you got
your own little fiddle in there by the
name on the back as well just in case
the case anybody who's curious I guess
it's official now guys hey darling we're
late to stage one
sweetheart come on now make sure not to
mess up darling I'm gonna kill this say
like the hottest damn book tour
yeah I think it is I feel like it is
when it comes to the history books four
things will be remembered the discovery
of fire the invention of the submarine
this show in the foot michigan megabowl
the first time Charles
guys if that's what it's like that's
what the sword is like to be a man
welcome to the team Charlie you broke a
sweat on stage scene I'm proud of you
like taking your training wheels off if
this is what it's like hate it I don't
want to be in a band anymore I don't
want to swear anymore I like not
sweating Wow let's go
oh thank you what's your name
Mackenzie that's me dump truck Ryan
allowed
today by far is the hottest day in
Warped Tour but I wanted to make sure it
said hi to everyone right so I'm not
lying
she thinks it's not - hands are
completely tied right now from now on
guys as much as I appreciate gifts I
just don't want you guys wasting money
on anything so shown me it's ready a
letter that's all you got to do just
write me a letter
trust me I mean I appreciate everything
you guys do doing dude give me give us
in the van
save your money come to the show so
Hayley is taking us to the mall because
we're hungry and wide open but I got
germs so he's what to do about this one
oh yeah last time I was at the mall got
my computer fixed
they didn't screw in the back bottom
pocket you know they have the stupid
screws so I can't fix them at all and
every time I touch it I'm just so I'm
waiting for the day my computer just
falls apart waiting to go to an Apple
store to get it fixed that was a bunch
of just gibberish wasn't it magical
stairs good rock do you watch it flare
Taco Bell
good answer sir bad for me we're coming
here I won't buy something new I'm very
proud of myself went in there and got
everything fixed walked out didn't buy a
thing or 100 colera
take your time Doakes finally thanks to
Chris no longer are we struggling to
watch the Patriot have to wait until it
got a little bit cooler around that's
right this is the one with the beautiful
backstage it's tranquil hopefully a deer
will go in our paths at this way it's
it's so nice and Shady
screw hammocks this is nuts
hi guys remind me first thing I do when
I get home I want to either put a swing
or a hammock in my backyard that's the
first thing in the comments I want to
see Charles don't forget a hammock or a
swing is there gonna get home
actually I'm gonna let you guys decide
what would be the best should they get
like a swing but one of these chair
things or a straight-up hammock tell me
in the comments I'll let you guys decide
my comfort
well the hammock district on 3rd MX RS
that's on 3rd two hammocks and more oh
by the way that's all on 3rd
oh the hammock district alright try to
get back the bus while I get mauled by a
bear there are bears here right go and
through bear huh go on
wait what's that son going through a
bear hunt going through the forest gotta
go on a bear hunt gonna find something
pop it on the head that's combined like
four children's things at one I have no
date to prom now I'm going with Jenny
how you feel about that buddy oh okay
I'm jealous we go from babe get on a
plane we ask only one more time
you keep saying though color we go to
prom with me
I have no date now babe now I have to go
with my tour husband SIA will you go to
prom with me
oh you son a desperate bro no I just
can't go with someone who's more
desperate than me it really comes down
to I'm gonna have to be a Wallflower now
Ali didn't know what I was talking about
I forgot to explain that there was a
work toward prom you guys probably don't
know what I'm talking about either there
is a warped or prom I'll be fine I'm
gonna sit on my bunk I'm gonna watch The
Bourne Supremacy identity and I'm not
gonna go to prom I'm gonna make my tour
husband oh by the way where is my
sweetheart I don't know what do I look
like James Bond or something like I
would know where everybody is Josiah I
feel like you're starting to like this
thing now
I mean I'm gonna problem yeah you guys
dress up stop moving
why I can't oh my god I'm gonna flicking
I'm gonna flick it keep doing that as
you can see I dressed up nicely for prom
I don't own any flannel or 90s at
apparel
look at Duncan though isn't all 90 - get
up - I feel like a asshole fire
in sunglasses
I don't think we're gonna do a costume
party like this Lu Kang you wear your
sunglasses to me future must be too
bright doesn't seem to be popping too
much so I guess this is the club so Ryan
and I are just being wallflowers don't
we need drunk right out here that's
right the prom photos oh you go for it
at the dark all right no more putting
the stupid light in your face Charles
it's kind of a random thought but I
wonder if like safety went up when they
started putting lights on cellphones
because everyone has you know like a
like a flashlight it just seems kind of
like safer anyway so I just kind of
wasn't feeling the anti-prom problem so
I just decided to go back to the bus and
kind of chill and watch some TV
I think I'm gonna watch a movie just
kind of everyone to be out the bus so if
it's just meet on the bus which sounds
like amazing so I will see you guys
tomorrow as always don't forget to
subscribe you guys are brand new also
don't forget the 50% off summer sale is
that CTFxC merch comm links down there
in the description and you can get some
merch that's 50% off like hoodies
t-shirts a bunch of other stuff I love
you very much and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always
you
