good morning guys just beat up missing
my bus feel like it did this what's the
Grand Canyon area so nerd rock in our
charm just convinced the hotel laundry
to do our laundry for $1 50 here's a
funny story
he said 150 per pound my heart stopped I
thought it was gonna charge less $150
per pound
anyway they told Duncan know within nerd
rock and I on our sweet little charm
they said yes nice ass crack told you I
had more people me go in you know it's
really funny it's a lot of the kids
growing up now will never ever see a
phone that has a cord like this like I
remember as a kid I haven't had one that
I would have a stretch around like the
corner like an extra long one and try to
link get into like privacy just so you
can talk on the phone so today our buddy
Carly has rescued us and is taking us to
a swimming nice carry Carly I'm sorry
Gary I got your name right this time
this is messing with you now Gary for
this draft I'm Nico oh yeah by the way
Carly does have a pig this is a
different kind of pig papi I have some
Cheerios good lick barley with Carly
your pig eats like a pig
Brook we need to survey the pig let's to
date the pig right coolest thing I don't
eat pig no just because of this reason
exactly personally seen you eat horse I
have eaten a horse no it's a bigger
version of a pill I would never hit a
pig her no I was like freaks me out that
like it's not change it's like your
other dog it's like your dog though your
other dog picks play yeah no she's
kidding papi no I'm not
I would eat your foot right now
recording do you guys would drink I'll
beep hanging out with a pig all day the
pig and Sophie I think you made a friend
it was Marley chicks and pigs dude hey
piggy just called you a pig he's calling
everyone pigs what's this one's name is
a snoop snoop dogg snoop aloof snoop dog
he can't go into the water just listen
to them he's a lot like me
play with Snoop sorry Stacy what do you
do let's go I made a friend
good gotcha
you know what you need to do let me on
there to both of us he goes just
supervising dude you need to get your
Gandalf stick are you serious
you're a lifeguard do CPR that's good to
know actually give me a snoop go to the
camera
ignore the girls come to me buddy all
right everyone you can hang out with me
that's cool kind of stole from the I'm
sorry you have a leaf in your drink
I don't it's a mint leaf oh it's
apparently like a mixture it's a mixer
yeah
you ever been drinking for so long oh
yeah this is a singular
driving
Brian you enjoying your bath again where
are they your sunglasses are gone buddy
mate you having fun
thug life right tank plus snoop I'm
coming for you buddy none of us are just
like smart Carly's gonna let me feed the
pig say see coming
hey look what is it piggy okay hey such
a pig
you do you look just like my dog so
delicate so delicate actually I actually
should horse out hope you enjoyed your
dinner over lunch or whatever this was
sir I do not believe it's been 30
minutes since you've eaten get out of
the pool soup
did you tell go buddy so goofy up that's
an iPhone it's not easy iPhone don't get
mad that I don't want to the iPhone
little punk Oh
that's funny
you need some claritin yeah I know
today's videos is turning into a pig
video but screw it
how often do you find a pet pig trying
to eat the Internet blippi trav didn't
uh they're one of the many what seats
you want ha that's it needs the row you
know this one this is nice nice little
hole feeder I say yeah are y'all party
out buddy what bro I don't know how you
got up here it's a pretty good jump I'll
let you sleep I think you like the rough
hungry after that little workout for
Snoop Dogg you know what you're doing
like no I didn't know his tab
he's missing your head right now you
still crazy so the camera is broken and
Gaby volunteered to drive me to Best Buy
so the rest of the tour I have a not
broken camera so you can thank Gaby over
here for driving me out of the way and
Carly's taking care of trav right now he
is not with soup dog anymore we have now
saved him from snoop dog in the humpin
new clip on the brand new camera so now
I got to make sure I have to break this
silly 14 we know you're 13
good evening there new rock smells
beautiful in here though you know the
bad thing about all our laundry being
like love together but summer clothes
will smell like Travis's Cologne
put this in perspective guys they told
nerd rock we had a hundred and fifteen
pounds of laundry almost a person well
today was a pretty amazing day playing
with a pig
you missed a peg hey don't call me a pig
you just have fun with human hope you
guys in joyed is actually pretty funny
playing with that little pig because
actually writing me up Marley almost
every single characteristic is why we
called Marley a pig and I gotta say
thank you to Carly and her friends for
allowing us to swim in the pool and
allowing me to get new camera don't need
to keep using Danny's stuff so afraid to
break his camera so I'll see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night
don't forget to subscribe
and
