good morning guys I know it woke up like
that
today Ali's leaving she's got our bags
all packed and she's ready to go they
did it and going so snow like Benny
Gibbs over there all right guys
enjoy the day a giant California king
bed to yourself then when I come back
I'm doing this and I'm gonna lay like
this okay and then my arms are gonna go
that way and my other arm was gonna go
this way so enjoy this while I'm gone
because when I get back you guys on your
own dog bed and it's mine
we brought the briquettes so she gets
used to the car a little bit more and
she's just been looking up the car
window the whole time
okay
sadly we haven't figured it out yet I'm
no longer in Florida I'm in Philly with
Shelly have some cheesesteaks
it's a walk alone coffee luck alone you
see some leaves I'm gonna leave I'm
actually really excited I don't think
I've ever actually seen seasoned
experienced experienced
so here's the Philly skyline guys if you
haven't seen it yet called Fishtown and
literally they have trash cans that are
vicious
you know they hit it hit the bell you
already learned you don't want to do it
now all right there's one there you go
and there's the other Ali leaves and I
get stuck with her rolling in poop if
that's pro piu getting cleaned this cat
loves dog so much I was like do it again
I'm gonna eat your face
I know haven't been much scene this
morning
I dropped Ali off early I don't know how
early in the morning at the airport
basically she did the shift I usually
have to do or she usually has to do when
I go at a college show what I've been
doing is cuz the house is kind of a mess
I know every time I go somewhere and
come back the house is always so clean
cuz I lead like likes having the clean
house for me that's the surprise so I'm
going to try to completely clean this
whole thing and somehow make it fun for
myself
hi baby
yes yes so exciting I mean when did the
internet not like jobs well we're at
Shelly's and I'm like in love with her
house and her beautiful backyard best
welcome ever and he's gonna lead us to
the office coord what there is a strong
bond between Charles and Shelly for one
particular thing
there's many but there is one particular
one that might stand out maybe this is
her office that looks like Simpsons
there Simpsons there Simpsons there
Simpsons everywhere
police coming
Ali's mom wanted diesel because their
dog Lola has like severe anxiety you
know Zoe and her anxiety times that by
10 and hour only thing that calms her
down is diesel
so Ali's mom came and got diesel for its
next couple days so since he's over
there hanging out I'm letting Rika run
around and it's the funniest thing in
the world
everything's neuter as you saw she
watches the dogs outside the window I
come home she's sleeping where Marly is
next to Marly definitely Ali's gonna
have way more fun interesting weekend
probably I'm going to try to find some
cool stuff though I think this cat
thinks you heard mom
we are officially in the prison so you
legitimately have to sign a waiver
stating that basically you're okay with
everything when entering the prison
right don't be scared Shelly Mike
I'm gonna call it a break day okay he
has been good so you're in charge
Rico you're second is it Marley you're
not in charge at all ever I don't trust
you but I'm having kind of I'm gonna
call it an off day just because Ally is
doing all the fun stuff today so I
figured you know I might even get a nice
little bike ride I gotta go get some
groceries anyway so if you think this is
the best way to go
I'm not a fan of driving just across the
street so why not
okay so this is gonna be life lesson
number 456 you like that I brought that
out pretty pretty stoked about that
Goa tech Marley do it do it she said to
listen to me now what was it it says how
to make your wife happy clean the damn
kitchen so I'm trying you saw the before
it's getting there I keep getting
distracted by this idiot and that idiot
I'm a tiny idiot sure to the prison
opened in 1831 it's surrounded by trees
grass feels beautiful park beautiful
closed in the 1970s Thank You vanna
vanna white that's pretty cool lay out
in the prison
kind of terrifying am I gonna lie
so every though
bring it hi all right bring it low
even lower
okay we're good hi haha
that makes me so happy I know this is
probably the stupidest thing and lame
this thing probably on a vlog ever but
to me cleanliness like to this point I
mean like I can handle you know a little
bit of clutter here and there over here
but for some reason this drawer I only
show you and then this drawer worked me
so so bad
almost not as bad as it used to because
all over here I ripped it all out they
just worked me so bad like when I try to
open something you're like you know I
like when you're doing that whole thing
where you're trying to open something
when you open it everything flies out if
this is like this if my life is
disheveled actually look at this this
actually got interesting over the years
these are all chargers and just don't
take back like you wouldn't need to
charge it look at that
that's ridiculous I don't need that many
of those things they're always two more
Oh make fun of me all you want but
actually in the comments if things are
unorganized like little things like I
can hand like I said earlier I can
handle this for some reason because it's
the big picture kind of thing and I I
can grab things quickly but little
things like the drawer like how this
used to look compared to how it looks
now it drives me nuts I will lose my
damn mind and we got clintus yeah i know
i'm super friggin lame but I know when
Ali comes home she's going to super
appreciate that and that's what makes me
happy so give or take a couple things I
think I did a pretty good job one too
I accomplished something today it might
seem stupid but in the day-to-day tasks
that is daily videos I feel like I
accomplished something I always probably
having way more fun and the reason why I
actually didn't go is because obviously
I got these twerps to take care of and
this little new one to take care of so I
opted I kind of volunteered like I want
Ally that didn't get to travel very much
you know
doesn't get to see a friend Shelley very
often
if the only way that she was able to go
was for me to stay back and hang out
with the animals and take care of him I
totally totally back that so she
deserves it I don't mind hanging out
with you guys I go little nuts but
that's about it he's brought the cutest
way I could say goodnight don't forget
to subscribe and hold on
goodnight guys
