good morning Internet we are the lovely
truck stop again we are starting I kind
of like starting the vlogs at midnight
like this because the technicality it's
a new day I like that
hello
I got it looked crazy in the middle of
night the Walmart you're talking about
close to you I'm not so crazy they
looked at me weird and to get some food
so last grocery stop was really really
bad healthy food somewhere to try to
really go back to my good healthy stuff
holy Sh I think I just stole a banana I
had a beer back
Hinkel self-checkout thanks karma guys
it's all about karma this is the best
way to get greeted in the morning
hey beautiful she looked pretty four
more days woohoo is that the ring I got
you wait let me see it this is the most
badass ring ever somebody who got that
for you must be a badass Dolly's
currently being attacked by Lola
she's like Marley just gets in your face
doesn't care Travis you jealous my sock
game is on right now hold my feet
where'd she cago right now we were the
exact same fusspot two years ago this
stupid thing was in here so her bus was
great into this and we would hang our
clothes right here and then Bayside was
right next to us and they were giving
haircuts I just thought it was such a
weird coincidence
two years later the exact same spot
I've been able to do at least what do
you any of the band members right now
out of all the band members is what the
least which is funny because that means
I'm gonna pass out for my body just
can't handle cooling itself one thing I
forgot to tell you guys starting Monday
almost half of the merchandise will be
half off so Monday 12 a.m. CTFxC merch
calm most of this merch right here from
posters but wise my fingers not working
from posters to sweaters the iPhone
cases all that stuff so I just figured
out let you know before I forget
cuz the day's gonna get crazier and
crazier and I've just kind of forget
everyday how to get the stage
you don't know how to get to it turn
because Asti have its ears the shoulder
the stages and they don't even know
nobody knows I'm wearing my team gave
out shirt something I'll say hi to Jay
pal first
Oh for you buddy now what do I go to
play I have no idea where I'm at that
way hi man LTS the show see do ya feel
like I've taken quicker way but more fun
because I get to say hi to more people
same person out there is gonna jump up
and down and do the wacky inflatable
armed man repeatedly and you might punch
your neighbor in the face and that's
totally fine cuz that's not violence
that's called motivation and those are
two totally different things
holy Sh he caught the pic
how old were these kids
all done that was insane I couldn't even
see the end of people then to stay hide
everyone is freaking awesome more
awesome stories okay so when I stopped
in the montage this is what that lady I
wanted to go through again the left side
is basically a dragon and the right side
is their dreams of what they want to be
all done by kindergartners this is part
of the sweetest thing I've ever received
so cool ladies man
basketball player
craft made lobster today a just a DAB it
smells like complete ass right now I'm
making soup there there no I will for
now it's gonna smell like peanut butter
that's what be alert it's just one more
time get off her name that is the
coolest thing
literally there's an entire fence it's
great for Travis like that
I can't prepare for everything no
condoms mints
muster to catch up whatever you want so
today there's a little street you were
playing the girl all the bad guys along
we're going for food and then they're
just gonna be loud cheers we're gonna
hand Bowling For Soup lounge chairs
they're gonna drink beers and we're
gonna play their song for them it's that
easy
don't kill me
see that was a perfect example of trying
to be very inspirational and doing what
you want because the summer said they're
young guys there was like in early 20s
and you know growing up on Bowling For
Soup and they get to play a song with
them it's really cool feeling I think
there is again do what you want to do be
what you want to be just like those
little cuter garters and that's
definitely why I love this job and I
definitely love the store in this
industry you know sometimes it's kind of
crappy
he's got it thoroughly oops that's upset
news guys
I broke another camera so in the
beginning of the tour I broke this
little guy I don't even know if this is
showing up broke this little guy
oh there's footage on this one little
too bitch and on this camera today I
broke this guy so that means I killed
two cameras on this tour waiting for
Armageddon waiting there it is it's the
best thing about being a blaster and
watching movies satellites decide to
screw up I believe my little cheese
sandwich when I went W bags of banana I
left my bag of deli meat and all my
other drinks stupid banana cost me my
dinner today's video hopefully meant a
lot to you guys like is meant to be I
mean the lady you made that book the
kindergartners you know like allowing
the kids or Express what they want to be
I thought it was really clever that this
whole thing is started from a dragon so
they really crazy like a dragon to
signify what you want to be or what you
want in life
it was a nice reminder you know that to
follow your dreams it was just really
cool what I hope hope you guys watching
this video Sall what five-year-olds are
envisioning and you guys can do it as
well never lose sight of that
I think thanks to a bunch of
five-year-olds this is the most
inspirational video I've ever put on the
CTFxC not because of me but because of
you guys don't forget to click the
subscribe button so we can keep growing
the CTFxC and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always
