good morning guys and I just wanted to
show you first the spread that we were
observing that I might go stale oh my
god what do you think I probably thrown
out I'd say Cleveland New York guys
everything is New York at the store for
me you guys want to meet our friends
okay this is Jordan hi Jordan I'm trying
to remember the names Stacy
Andy Carrie Farley actually very sweet
so we're just discussing how like I
couldn't sing a song of one of our songs
like the lyrics unless Travis starts
playing it's a weird kind of thing but
the second I came on stage
I actually remember it Travis is testing
me here we go she's took girl but no one
ever knows he already messed up and I
say hi but she is too shy to say hello
he gone she's just waiting for that hand
that rent
note that one take hands and shake her
up damn it not embarrassed time I wish
my do you not really know these at all I
only know one of the crowds are singing
to it we waiting like 500 times sad Oh
Juliet Julie's an just one word go in
oh my god no way
I am flabbergasted I'm flabbergasted I
am flabbergasted as well
what a fun word to say flabbergasted do
you think it deep : I won't go but the
point is that everybody on this bus
knows at least two more words and
Charles does ain't any given song da da
da da da da da but the second I got on
stage I remember it I remember things
it's really weird this was the place or
where I'll show you later where I first
got the penny board and I completely
failed the first time
and anyway so
so the first time I I was like totally
empty
definitely not as fun going up the hill
than it is going down to hell so you
guys remember this this is that giant
Kirby Hill it feels like yesterday
actually thumbs coming down and I wiped
out right here did you see today's that
July 17th emoji day I was just petting
me on the hi-brite now I'm ready I
shouldn't feel violated right now but
you know it feels good so just keep you
have no idea would ever feel the bump do
to be on the ball I feel the bump no
idea what I did with my hands earlier
yeah me too
yeah no idea what I did with my head Oh
Trav's got a baseball glove on it's
playing soccer
are you the monkey right now V hey the
monkey in the middle yeah ah hey it's a
good try back there be forewarned that
the guitars back there time is good all
right I'll watch him do it Oh
I may have saved someone play I think
you saved my life
Danny O'Toole says to stop hey where'd
my ball go that's a fun game I don't
know why we have a bus and that was the
last time we saw our singer and friend
Travis does I've been beating the hell
out of this thing on this floor everyone
keeps asking me if this is a 1960s bass
look at this point does anyone have a
photo of this bass was actually looked
at the brand new bass yeah we are going
over sit over here
my ax I'm gonna cry I got your
excellence open your hand I'm gonna give
a bunch of them you have to eat all
those at once the game here you do it to
tell me your play don't play are you
gonna play now I think it's just put
them all in your mouth at the same time
because it doesn't make it bad there's
not one that's urine is there yes I made
it myself that tasted like grass Oh
orange dirt is there lawn clippings
because that's what it's a pina colada
are you doing it or trench I internet
only once she got all of them Cheers
child I want you to do that was awful
do you make good one now there's all bad
ones much better but she did all about
the same time you should do all have you
never eaten earwax popcorn come on give
her a green one give her good one oh
don't worry buddy we're all doing grass
yeah it's way better you want play a
real game that's a fun game okay you
have to eat all those I feel like that
red ones a good one this is now the
Kings party
you know obvious Liza celebrities
celebrities with us we do the face again
Aubrey Plaza Fame
it's dead on
man
listen
you know the songs okay you know could
be better
Beatles come on
alright I'm gonna take a walk down Danny
stole my damn shoes again so I'm walking
around well my shoes anyway I hope you
guys enjoyed today's video it was really
nice they're gonna take photos again
before I go I want to ask you guys since
we eat all those freaking jelly beans
what is your favorite all-time flavor of
jelly bean mine has to be the cherry or
the green apple or the earth one just
kidding
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video and had a wonderful night don't
forget to click the subscribe button I
think we have 70 more days of tour that
we're back home
I think Ali's coming out in like 6 to 7
days which is even more awesome hold on
I got some friends wanting to say
something guys I have to go back now
very nice security guys let me use this
light because I don't have my password
so I got a gold star to get in trouble
thanks for not tackling me alright
I reckon sometimes
you
