good morning guys we are in New York
going to the shame to the stage but Jake
it's right there
one more Jake it's right there though
Jake so silly
this is for my dad shaking his head
somewhere
sorry dad
you get up Danny as a son sweet do I get
a mustache now so today you five name
again yeah made it into the tent made it
in the tent
hit him again that's two times on this
tour yeah I vote president 75 feet away
it was when aid in the wind
yeah I think Opie enjoy your feet that's
twice guys make sure to keep a tally
Johnson trying to see galaxy blogger
what happened my freaking people out
so today's show and Pittsburgh
Pittsburgh by the way I thought we were
in New York I want to apologize for
everyone that was waiting side stage
hopefully in the next couple days I'll
start feeling a little better I'm just
kind of easing into I don't want to rush
into it because you know the chemo still
has to give itself out of my body
everyone's been so supportive I come out
there and I apologize to everyone
understands and they all go
pretty much everyone just tells me to go
back to the bus
this
when you get put in that situation like
this you have only one option that's the
kick - gasps to go through it search for
the shower I speak
where is the damn showers well the
garbage many thoughts of Charles the fun
part of waiting for showers is one thing
I'm looking forward to being home was
Peter like you know what Charles I want
to take a shower just walking into my
bathroom turning on the faucet just
taking a nice long hot shower it's so
fun what was so goofy it's like when
you're on warp tour you miss home and
where your home you want to go back up
Walter it's very weird I have your mind
and just screws
so much better than the freakin time
water better than three crying
all right this will reassess it bye guys
I will see you a little bit later so
first it's so clean clean just so good
right now if I could give hugs right now
it smell amazing it's funny whites are
Hearst that's all I was gonna say that's
funny
that's weird it's funny the rest the
band always makes fun of me because I
thought really is neat free our
germaphobe but I don't like to be dirty
and this is the worst kind of tour to be
on or that kind of thing so they always
make fun yeah you guys know how you get
people to do stuff for you on the bus
you say you can have a piece of pizza
then they wait for it to take a bite and
then you throw in everything you're
cooking it you see this right he's
cooking it right look at that that's how
you gave it to me everyone say thank you
to Ryan for feeding me say thank you in
the comments and on his Twitter and if
you want it's phone number is eight five
two five one four five six seven five
three oh nine
we use Davis
nice better
you know me and said thought about it
and your behavior you know take
advantage of my local system I got some
crazy laughs that's like that
and drag this mother adding it first of
all I was joking and it was food some
feel a bit better someone revolt or
hoping to stay either cc giving season I
walking around yes everyone
so when you walk my husband said oh yes
nice Lisa gotta go say hi to a bunch of
CTFxC randomly walk around definitely
not four dudes watching Britney Spears
completely something different
definitely not five guys want some great
beers now one of which is dancing Ali
can you tell me what you got today yeah
what did you buy today sing your little
song okay you should draw blinky from
Simpsons we're gonna do about it you'll
be here then it's you that if you have
to smack me through the phone so go for
it
everyone said no more petty boards but
they never said anything about bikes ah
loophole loophole
why does Duncan's bike have no brakes
nice pass there Jake nice pad
I'm over here buddy Mike
did you get it I got it you sure you got
it I got you looking colder get away
I'll cut that part out
cut that out to go from the header to
this bat
oh did anyone else do this with her kid
they take a I can unnecessarily a beer
can put it in the back tire and then
drive and it was like made it sound like
a car these damn hills and Pittsburgh
they're fun to go down but never fun to
go back up oh my god back tire then get
stuck right supposed to get stuck you
can't run off to do this it's been a
long time since I've been a kid if you
do it that way there Thanks dammit
it works for half a second any tips and
tricks guys tell me the comments I don't
want to waste a baseball card I think
it's doing it now
got it all right that's my cue to stop
Travis's to get a little freaked icky
out there it's time to stop while I'm
ahead
all right Internet well I'm just gonna
get a nap because I think we're gonna
have a nice little truck stop later
tonight so I can get some food sorry
we'll see you guys tomorrow as always
don't forget to subscribe it has a brand
new to these videos and I will see us
tomorrow as always
and by the way New York man New York the
shoes take two I keep calling Pittsburgh
New York I'm just being honest and I
will see you guys tomorrow as always I
would go to bed taking a little nap
because we're gonna do a little truck
stop so I can get some food and don't
forget to subscribe here's a brand new
and I will see you guys tomorrow as
always Pittsburghers wants to say good
night by the way I started earlier
right good night I started earlier right
it was a good one it was good so bad
hopefully tomorrow I'll feel a lot
better
you
