good morning guys
day off we have a day off it whatever
the hell we are I'll even looked yet
think we're in Pittsburgh so I gotta
find something cool to do I feel a lot
better today which is very awesome
but I still need to keep a low profile
maybe what I'm going to do is trying to
fix this damn hard drive or find a place
maybe a Best Buy go to movies hello
butter Frick drive is dead but the day
gets better three cookies I need to be
up there so far so far and I forgot my
camera so I'm using my iPhone but I got
cookies change I feel a little bit
better today
they get summer under armours they're a
nerd
get some drawers on a day off and
gaining to somewhere who would have
thought on my day off I'd be shopping
for underwear when there
day off day off day off day off was
Danny
yo
hey go buy some underwear
I never knew there was that many kinds
of underwear nerd
you want to make sure somebody sees you
if you're running into underwear don't
want to get hit I think the orange is
your best bad blood flying such badass
and super fat ass well put the blue over
there I think that size spanis what
about those two long yeah I like the
shorter you want the G Co size of boxers
just a couple of guys stroll in the mall
it elastic staple
I can't go to the mall welcome all food
it's funny I feel like this is what
we're all going to look like later here
doc is that your uncle
what's the trick did you put your thumb
and the roof in your mouth is your
tongue
cornered they learn to eat
what do you think nerd a galaxy
pennyboard
the galaxy pity boarded match hoes like
they just literally technorati to get
that board as a cook babe this is what
Ally just sent me so true you know what
the problem is
my board is too small I need a bigger
boy what's a sensible boy like a regular
day I don't know it's really this is
better you look at the lot see for this
oh hey go bud right here oh look some
dirty Larry all I'm trying to be
someone's mom come with the holes in
them why you paint the nails pervert
pervert
sexy lands it without question Oh my
turn
where's my quarter
easy tell me something I didn't now I'm
too drunk
I want the aunties irresistible pervert
again we lost nerd something he did give
wrestling toys they don't have wrestling
toys nerds they have star wars for Nate
between you and nerd we just bust never
gonna grow up they just purchased
something that smells possibly flammable
it's a kangaroo and it's slimy I don't
know what's going on with this guy
I'll be really upset that thing is
flammable that's a kid toy oh good thing
they got something good
every time I would get a bouncy ball it
would always last like like maybe four
seconds I've bounced as high as I could
not lose it
how you make friends so how you can get
it don't lose it
I lost it coming down you lost it
already bring Nate bouncy balls guys
maybes bouncy balls
bring him the front-of-house kindly walk
up to and give it to him
so our driver was able to stop off let
us get something really quick I'm gonna
try to get a wireless hard drive that
let's see if it works again maybe I can
do some fixing the key to making sure my
stuff doesn't get stolen guys my cable
has to light up and glow not yours
I like how it's like it's like it's like
it's transferring juice to my phone
right now I also got a new hard drive so
it's fingers crossed guys I got this big
stuff oh that was nice running water
running hot water the thing on the bus I
don't know if I ever told you guys to
take a shower
you have to like shower they get the
water on you turn it off and then lather
up and turn back on anyway so hold on
Derby is going on so we have a nice
little pool going on so I have my little
guys we drew from a hat
and I want to see if I'm winning there's
where everyone is huh you're winning
you're winning
more Travis is on the bench around but
Travis is getting in the car did this
guy get into the next round so to get a
shower I'm not sure the rules of this
new okay sometimes I don't know it's
going on pretty much have taken over the
entire bar Oh where's your guys hey guys
go on I think you're not in apparently
hundos guys already out yeah they're
done consistently who cares
Duncan's adding up the wickets right now
trying to figure out the point system
vinegar to Humber this is Danny's
favorite drink it's not a because it's
not delicious but if you ever take a
whiskey shot see like it's so good not
it was but I'm right and you drink
pickle juice right afterwards it
neutralizes little you just eat a pickle
it's kind of a southern thing people
don't know about it you're the one who
you were the first person I'd murder her
I'm talking about a brother ginnis which
is southern their southern yeah in York
yeah Wow they worked
personally come and take away the taste
so we need top chauffeur Ryan oh yeah
she need to get louder alright guys well
day off now officially over going back
to our little home on wheels going back
to the bus tomorrow we have a show
what's up nico tim hall we have a show
of pittsburgh and I hope to see you guys
all there so I guess today was the final
dose of the chemo so I don't have to
take it tonight
I wasn't feeling too good today that's
why I kind of laid low a little bit so I
will see you guys tomorrow as always
don't forget to subscribe by the way if
you don't have any idea what I'm talking
about when I say subscribe if you hit
that subscribe button
basically what unless you do is every
time I upload a new video it shows up in
your front page of your YouTube your
your account so that way you know every
time I upload a video it's pretty key
pressure of people like me or lazy or
just forgetful so that's why I always
say to subscribe it's kind of helpful so
don't forget to do that and I will see
you guys tomorrow
you
