good morning good morning guys happy
Valentine's Day all right well here's
the deal
Ellie's not a big fan about Valentine's
Day but I want to get her something
really nice and then been kind of eyeing
this thing for a while so I gotta go
pick it up hopefully she surprised
other than that happy Valentine's Day
all right mission successful
so I like to try to you know surprise
her because she doesn't necessarily like
Valentine's Day but it's it's a perfect
time for me to kind of psych her out
because I'm always like yeah I don't
like it either I mean I'll be honest I
don't like it but I do like surprising
Aly it's like my favorite thing in the
world I like to play along really good
sucks it's so stupid yeah what do I do
people do this but at the same time I
realize that my head I'm like you have
no idea I'm a sneaky sneaky person
funniest fingers though I've like three
years ago when I did the whole thousand
roses surprise thing I kind of like set
the bar way too high so I've been having
to there's no way I'll ever be able to
top that one
I feel pretty pretty proud of that one
have no idea what I'm talking about it's
basically I'll do a little clip right
here and I'll put a link in the
description for it or in the eye or
whatever there's an annotation
what was also funny about that video is
that still that thumbnail of Ali has
been meand like a million and one times
like I've seen it somebody may have seen
him too or like Tumblr and Facebook I've
seen them so many times these are like
this one talking about just all over the
screen just variations of it and it
cracks me up the Ali became a meme and
then there's that other photo of me and
the pizza actually there's two there we
have like three memes of us unless he
did like see first one when I'm trying
to eat that pizza on tour and it's a
giant piece I'm ready hey that that was
stolen by Domino's or Pizza Hut and used
for promotion on theirs and the other
one was being the pool with a two dogs
zoe marley like looking at me i had
pizza it was like how to protective itza
and then the fourth one was be holding a
bunch of tickets and it was put in a
claw machine in ohio it was random
things that happen you try to make
videos like all the videos go viral some
do so amazing and then you make a
thumbnail and the thumbnail goes I want
to say flour oil it just goes insane on
the internet internet it's weird this is
so unpredictable all right step two
flowers and rather than just getting the
same old you know get roses or whatever
you want to get tulips or whatever I
decided that I found this I think this
is way cooler and I think a little bit
more unique so I got her a couple
orchids and I know I know before anyone
says every year you know every time I
get out of flowers they always die you
know they just die this thing it's alive
so I feel it's just a I feel better
about it and B it's just not gonna die
so it's not like a waste right now I
gotta go home edit the video get the
stuff in the house without her realizing
I need to keep this in like a bush or
something like that I'll put this right
here
see up there yeah he's so pretty bad
funny I'm like I don't care about
Valentine's Day but today it was like it
was the gym I felt kind of sad because
amount of men working out there because
you know there's like probably getting
all buff for their date say the day
before they of
you know what to complete that outfit
boys your eyes all right ready
okay guys okay guys it goes guys
no I promise I promise those guys no
don't close your freakin eyes it's just
a little prank okay you gotta close your
eyes though because you got to close
your eyes it's just a little prick you
promised to get people close though make
sure they stay close I promise don't
open those you open them I'm gonna kick
you in the butt okay open your eyes
the only thing is that it's super
freakin cheesy but the thing is I
figured you put it in the house that's
the thing about getting someone in
orchid is that it's like giving Emily
like air furnace or something this is a
shoot that's the funniest part I know
it's so freakin cheesy I love it that's
why I thought it's fine
is this superglue I don't I saw that I
thought was so cheesy it's so funny now
I feel like an asshole because we said
we no I do not think it was a trick you
like them you like them
don't cry cuz you never wear him I know
that's why I figured that you would
actually wear them to a catcher those
like him surprise
I tell them that it was like my whole
boy but I hate valentines the whole day
so I can surprise you but I don't know I
know that's the best part I was gonna
get your big 4 carat one so they thank
you here's all saggy droopy yeah I know
super fancy
wait so you have to get your ears
pierced again well that's the whole
point
I'm supposed to close up are they I
don't know I'm after all the time I
would think max it's jab them in their
truck
oh sure you go to a piercing pagoda and
get your dears prepare to hear something
that's making me queasy it's time and
went through ok I get a present I
inflict pain I look great yes
you do that's why I like surprising room
your ears so right she loves did she
want string cheese by the way she's
loves to chew it doesn't even eat it
she's like feed me absolutely beautiful
I'm socially comfortable they look
really pretty on that yours are a little
rigged seven foot earrings in and I put
remember I weren't yours at her wedding
and then before that it's been like
seven years eight years well now yeah
it's beautiful
sorry what some earrings oh by the way
guys my suitcase came back yay alright
let's go here you go Rika look at that
face
she's like why can't I eat this thing
that's really confusing me here's a you
can have it Ali and I decided this guy
to go take a little walk is she thinking
a photo for me right now she's been a
little photographer we decided to go
take a walk at the NOI this is the
coolest thing ever
I mean it's fine not that cool but to me
it is there's a bunch of fish is jumping
I'm assuming something's trying to eat
it see if I can get a good shot of it
what are you doing taking photos I got a
question for you internet people because
you're so smart on snapchat they've
changed everything yeah we go here so
you can see me but am i moving too much
I can't seem to find my friends when I
want to swipe over and see my friends
stories yeah let me show you what I'm
talking about
then you swipe over and it's usually
there but right there is just whatever
and if you swipe down but does that
stuff and then if you hit this guy it
does this which by the way guys get your
phones out and take a little photo of
that so you can add me here on snap it
snap a chat do you guys snap it you can
add me now going up doesn't do anything
just shows photos going that way goes
here going that way goes here that one
goes here so a lot of you guys are
smarter than me out where did Ali go
shoot where did you go where did she go
did you see her
oh there she is what are you taking a
photo of that tree no thinking
this better have a view is so cool
that's because I'm never lost I think
that's so cool
okay I gotta say I'm pretty awesome bit
yeah lucky I'm a pretty awesome person
apparently Charles wants me to drop the
kids in the water so the camera we shot
see this is like my type of like perfect
eye
first off it's not at all expected use
this like blew my mind I I get really
nervous when I get kissed and Charles
knows this because I don't know I just
actually like doing them
well I do I get awkward and they don't I
don't feel like I deserve that like I
definitely don't expect them and then I
find every reason in the world for them
to not give it to me this thing right
you guys yeah so good how did I get this
guy here the tables are right it was a
Tampa Bay right this is so nice I love
just like sitting along the edge of the
water and just yep you can see him yeah
they're out for spring training there
was a school of fish and I was like oh
are they a middle school elementary
school or high school and not even
kidding I know he can't hear me for that
older guy that dad over there he goes do
you think they're in middle school I'm
not even kidding do you think you stole
my idea nope not dag dad I'm a dad in
training there's all these stingrays
when you get married your spouse doesn't
tell you when you have stuff in your
teeth and you just lets you film for
three hours and smile at people and it's
totally one time I had a like a pimple
on my nose I filmed the entire day you
guys probably remember that day till the
end of the day right oh you had a pimple
there I said I guess you had a pimple
the entire video I ate almonds before we
came out I had like an almond shaving
here and then all the time here's like
he's in charge of dessert and she can't
figure out what she wants I know I say
just get two slices of something because
you're eating the rest so because I
didn't get Charles anything for
Valentine's Day because I didn't think
we were actually doing anything for well
don't say because we don't usually do
anything for Valentine's Day he gave me
a very special and amazing and beautiful
surprise which I like blew my mind away
I was I get so awkward with gifts and I
just I don't know it was very
overwhelming but um I didn't have
anything for him and so I feel really
really bad so I figured I would cook him
dinner so we're gonna have some
spaghetti squash I'm gonna make some
bruschetta and I'm also going to just
have a little side salad and it's just
gonna be a nice little like romantic
evening for the both of us I guess I
don't know I don't know and I'm so
awkward with romance it makes me like oh
no I don't know how to react to it it's
bizarre but I like romance but I'm not
good with romance well guys we are going
to end the night and kind of call it
early I'm just so happy Charles got you
know just did such a amazing thing for
me today and I wasn't expecting it but I
appreciate it so much today was kind of
like a really tough day for Florida
because I don't know we weren't really
gonna talk about it but I don't know
it's kind of like really I think it
would affect anybody there was an awful
shooting in South Florida and I just
want to pray for that school for kids at
that school for all their families for
the kids and families and friends that
were going through that the unfortunate
losses that were experienced today the
trauma that everyone had to go through
please please please pray for South
Florida pray for all the victims pray
for everyone that went through with it
with you today and I just
I hope this stops because it's just
really it's really bad but let's end it
on a good note so
let's make today a much better day
tomorrow and we love you guys to you so
much for watching and that we hope that
you had a wonderful day
we hope tomorrow you spread just love
positivity and goodness out into the
world because I think again we're in a
spot where and these are more than ever
so we love you guys you guys it Brene
don't forget to hit the subscribe button
and yeah we'll see you guys tomorrow
