I was gonna start today this is like the
third lizards have done this to me
let's try to hitchhike all right you
want to get off if you want me to
oh did he get in the car he's the common
ground he's on the ground where he's on
the ground ground ground your ground go
hey guys how's it going out are some of
my teeth when you can't get it out wait
which one of you
their little dance hey you look like
Kelly Kapowski those are the weirdest
things it's like you took a pair of my
jeans to just cut them my absolute
favorite guilty pleasure is any and if
that's no strike them back to me I don't
care what I'm doing what mood on that
always happen
already laying down the groundwork for
Santa Claus good old Santa Claus we did
not get the most positive reaction from
what we asked you guys yesterday in
regards to how you would approach the
whole tree thing with our neighbor first
off we never said that we were gonna
have him pay for and we want you to
understand that we just kind of wanted
your thoughts on it because of multiple
tree trimming companies that we spoke
with told us that technically anything
over his fence is his responsibility
just like some of history's are hanging
over our side so we're responsible for
the limbs on our side now we do want you
guys to understand too that if you were
to say no you didn't want to pay for any
of it it's not like we're gonna say okay
don't trim those side of that side of
the tree we have to get the tree down
regardless so you know we're not going
to be all upset or anything of that sort
hopefully Duke Energy will go ahead and
remove the limbs that need to be removed
too due to the safety situation I know a
lot of people are thinking that we want
this done because of the pool heaven
forbid we are trying to remove the trees
because of the pool but we're realizing
what we're being told is that they need
to be removed regardless if we get a
pool or not because at this point we're
not even sure we're gonna be able to
afford the pool anymore due to the fact
that the trees are so expensive to
removed but that is more of a necessity
to remove rather than insert a pool into
the backyard so please know guys that
you know we're not trying to do this to
be cheap and we're not doing this to be
cruel or anything of that sort we were
kind of wondering what your guys
thoughts would be you know would you
would you want someone like for instance
if your yard your neighbor was getting
their trees trimmed and they had big
limbs that were over parts of their
house over parts of your house I should
say would you want to be aware of it
because if they fall in that house it's
not their problem it would be your
problem you would have to deal with the
insurance aspect of it which kind of
stinks and I don't like that part I
think it's a little weird and a little
strange and a little tangled or would
you you know want to say hey I know that
this is a really awkward thing to talk
about but we noticed that the last time
that you guys when you guys had your
tree trimmed about a couple of months
ago that they missed major limbs over
major areas of your home would you guys
be willing to help out and like I said
before it if they say no if they say no
which I'm sure they will like I said
it's not that we we are not gonna not do
what we need to do to keep our home safe
to keep our dogs safe to keep our
neighbors safe we're not gonna not get
it done to be callous we're not those
type of people some of you I think took
that the wrong way and we did not want
that to come off that way we didn't want
you to think that we're being selfish or
cheap it was more a recommendation that
was brought to our attention by multiple
tree trimming services to make our
neighbors aware of what could happen oh
if you guys understand that ramble thank
you if you don't I'm sorry alright
because we go for a second walk with us
that way she can start learning she's
not going in the ground don't work she
can't fit in the harness yet she can't
even fit in her collar not yet
she here's the minute excuse me I know
it sounds bad but I want her to know
like you don't run towards car so I want
to hear that yes doing good she loves me
that's her favorite thing is this love
smelling outside that helicopters been
circling around for five minutes I don't
know about you but when I see a
helicopter circling where you're at not
a not a fun feeling I should be taking
my buck home like a vulture looking for
its prey although I do want to scare you
from the dogs right now so especially
diesel the biggest freaking loudest dog
in the world
what did you want margarita on the rocks
okay so yeah this one wants a margarita
with rocks
Pamela Melissa literally said it would
be rocks will get some rocks right there
babe
and then you can give it to Melissa okay
we're making new friends in the YouTube
world these kids
you would like it
now the always gets a taco salad which
is basically just a taco that has not
been rolled up that's the same thing as
this how's it going what videos you're
watching what's your channel
that's your YouTube channel awesome go
follow him guys what's your stupid name
baseball batter you actually have it as
random and an odd as it seems last
couple days I've been like it was
craving just to go play mini golf what I
forgot
I forget every time for some reason I'm
so used to driving so when I Drive I
forgot to turn the car off but the thing
is I didn't do the little press anyway
before we start making fun of me I've
been wanting to miniature golf for at
least a week now so I convinced everyone
to go mini golfing which is very hard to
do it's awesome but like everything we
do on the CTFxC and the comments who do
you think is going to win pick your team
now cuz we are think we're going all won
against each other we don't have any
team we'll follow you dream on you get
green balls
I'm purple balls which ones you care
Purple's awesome what do you want I like
my purple ladies who wants to go first
a lot of them I mean it's that or you
know like to get kicked out of the pond
and destroyed go Charles go Charles you
if you don't want to put his face in
your face but it didn't go in
good job
all right
now we got to come back waited we got
home in one what what do you got hold it
Ali got last place I'm gonna bed
children with a 49 oh dear God I'm ten
ten points up
Melissa tripping with a 45 I was a 45
you were 42
yeah damn it Jacob Enrique you suck so
you lost I heard in golf if you have the
most points you win you're such a loser
the more points you have the more fun
you are that's true
they also say hit your ball in the
alligator pit we just closed this entire
place the more points you have the more
fun you are and I was like that's
totally true so I gotta help Ali pack
right now if she leaves at like 5:00 in
the morning that's gonna be great it's
like she's on college tours she's gonna
go hang out with her best friend Shelly
for a couple days so I mean party at the
house actually probably just means me
watching a lot of Simpsons anyway don't
forget to subscribe because you're gonna
see some adventures that Allie does in
Philadelphia so that'll be exciting
don't forget to subscribe and I will see
you guys tomorrow as always have a great
night bye
