hello Internet we're in Jersey in there
Drock and I are standing up by the side
of the road gonna do laundry laundry day
is very dangerous day the very dangerous
day either eight to four new rocking
high take two we figured John's last one
didn't speak English and we couldn't we
couldn't work so we figured John's might
work your Jorge I think I might be
Carlos what's wrong with them
you're right oh really
it's gonna throw up and on the other
side of that tunnel New York City I got
kind of bored
everyone was everywhere so get out there
the city of ours will just go hungry
subway never tell you about that story I
didn't know my way around anywhere that
was really hungry
I saw subway I walked in there it was a
subway I was like was smells I literally
thought subway meant subway
only in New York or Vegas where I felt
like come here I was wondering what it'd
be like you made thank you 20s or like
my tin cans or something like that 1900s
anytime like prior to like modern times
and just see how crazy it was then just
in case we forgot is 2014 as where the
ball dropped by the way it's not
jaywalking if you over the crowd of New
Yorkers not jaywalking just in case you
didn't know that I would imagine it's
just like a badass way to kick a ball
free kick free kick is basically where
is that where everyone's hold their
balls outside outside when they a player
crosses their side of the field so I
just did something for Fox News I guess
about soccer and I knew everything
surprisingly oh god that buildings on
fire nobody cares a building is on fire
what's the worst thing I could do with a
cashed up need walk around New York but
every time I'm here I feel like I have
to go for those people who never get to
come here because these I feel like
these videos are way for people to
travel who aren't able to travel so I'm
like your tour guide
and you ever want to walk in front of
these they will kill you are these
yellow things
there's always Ray's Pizza but there's
always Ray's Pizza Ray's original first
pizza
there's like so many rays pizza so I
don't give a which one of this as
long as pizza cause I don't think I've
actually gone to the original one it's
actually quite called for original
original original so seriously this
original I raised I don't know I don't
know where it is we shouldn't go to the
first one
the like that I'm walking right now it's
better because the original race she's
really hot pants were a bad choice I'm
willing to bet this is not the original
six years old so making that mistake
with hot pizza I think that's what you
think
I always get so excited about the visa
right into it is Brenda moving about the
recipes is like doing tasted New York
Pizza or Chicago pizza but let the
dating begin my ball has to go here he
said save the best that that was not in
the original what beats beats beats a
pizza pizza pizza beat my billion people
is my new coffee got noticed that I have
one of those like addictive
personalities like look coffee I was
like super addicted that I got super
addicted to get super addicted to juice
now like super addictive the Gatorade
and pizza this is better than being
addicted to other things but I always
thought I didn't have one of those
personality I think this comes out that
I hear Toys R Us where a kid could be a
kid
how do I do this how do I do this
guys oh my god
I Love New York like a love-hate
relationship in New York City I'm not
leaving the store until I go on that
stupid ferris wheel
we're all gonna write it together guys
she's like you chose this and I'm like
on board so they're gonna be bored more
like I don't know I'm gonna take a nap
so I'm here with my friends what's your
dad's names Bella via Sophia Sophia and
Bella we're hanging out I'm trying to
call Ali right now hey babe this is what
I need Bella and Sophia we're riding a
little old ferris wheel together so I'll
put you right here so you're on it too I
want to go back to the bus do by
yourself just fine fine miss that word
okay so we all put two and two together
now Bella and Sophia right are actually
fans of we the kings what's your
favorite song that's a favorite one
can't come to New York City without
going to the iconic Apple Store don't
judge me
Ali told me I should go and ask for a
galaxy I'm gonna be super proud of
myself if I can find this by myself
I usually suck at directions I know
where things are but I don't know street
signs or like roads or avenues or
anything like that
Calla finally made it to the most
glorious building ever I remember when
this head like segment it just before
Steve Jobs died he wanted to have two
giant like pillars of glass famous an
Apple store on the 5th Avenue yeah it's
a fact I know stupid
it's so stupid so dumb I know well I
just met Linda and Emily from the Apple
store when I walked in they they go
truth CTFxC ears everywhere
I destroyed my totally destroyed mine on
the bus
or somebody's very hard my knees killing
by making friends
alright now time to leave this glorious
monument alright I think it's time to go
back the bus a little tired the sewers
on fire control get speedy and rocket so
we're gonna take the Lincoln Tunnel is
it awesome that's where it goes under
the water right yeah it's awesome
how do you do that science ok as
you can see him kind of limping time to
get some bandages so I got some seafood
bandages so you can just do that tattoo
all babies up I'm like a freaking
crash-test dummy
instead of trippy he just needs to be
Charles is definitely gonna fall the
third this is what the party's at I'm
all by myself in the other room by the
way this is Craig our resident uh tattoo
artist now we're going on Trav's new
sleeve run pain
all right have fun guys anything from a
laundromat
yeah anesthesia they sell that there
I enjoy the whole process of it and it
makes you appreciate it more
what's the head it does no robot I do
not want that okay so I'm booking my
flight back from Denver back home right
after warp tour I guess that would be
August 3rd crazy walk towards halfway
over not almost business back on the bus
give us some logic some clean laundry
like seriously honestly whoever invented
the idea the concept of fluff and fold
for laundromats genius
it's like having your mother out on tour
not to say that I can't do my own
laundry but like if I would have been
doing my own laundry
just think how boring the vlog would
have been it would have been considered
me going to New York City with me
sitting in a laundromat going tweedily
Tweedledum okay look at this look how
they look how they did this this is my
underwear look how they wrapped us I
gotta show they're Rock right this is I
want to know how to do this what if we
walked into you to bring my phone so Ali
and I could be on our skype date so I
just kick the cantaloupe so now just
kind of relaxing on the bus I completely
almost forgot but the mayhem about
talking to you guys about my favorite
sponsor on the CTFxC that we have which
is audible.com basically you go to
audible.com CTFxC you can get a free
audio book I use it all the time when I
when everyone's having a party out here
I go in the bunk and just like listen to
audiobooks or like long drives honestly
my favorite sections have been the the
history sections and the comedy ones I'm
a big nerd get ready for this they even
had goose bumps books that should be it
that's all I should have to say now I
just want to say thank you to audible
for sponsoring the CTFxC as always and I
hope you guys enjoy go to audible.com so
CTFxC links down there in the
description now I got a call Ally and
endured eight a little internet date do
you like our date today tell Danny that
awesome date partner
there you go I just talk to you like
this I'm good how was your ferris wheel
ride did you get sick yeah from all the
g's of the ferry
yeah I'm proud of you mister goes to
show you guys doesn't matter how far you
guys are away from you know whoever
you're with the Internet is awesome
right I will see you guys tomorrow as
always don't forget to subscribe you
guys are brand new and I'm ago this my
little audio book now fall asleep in my
bunk away from him alright guys
that's right we got a day off so I have
to say toodles all right guys have a
great night don't forget to subscribe
and I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
do you want to say yeah that's what you
say
doodles teamwork
you
