good morning Internet so we're in
Montreal and as you can see Bruce at
ferry struck a game every eight them
didn't have time to show you guys my
cell phone the one that's a really long
walk long walk just we'll come see if we
can hitchhike a little bit sometimes
this works sometimes it doesn't
now I don't want to promote hitchhiking
but that I had to do it I had to do it
guys we've got a pretty badass Canadian
breakfast french toast crunch songs who
salts maple syrup so now I've officially
made friends with the golf cart driver
name isn't Roman and we're not friends
if you look out for me and every time I
walk by he's gonna pick me up by the way
that giant sphere I got to show you guys
once I guess it was caught on fire this
is you guys can check the facts later
but this is kind of what that little
dome was bored so they were all built
like in the 60s and there was this like
coating that went over it ended up kids
burning it but the coating was four they
were trying to simulate what kids
pyromaniacs
the people are trying to simulate what
it would be like to live on the moon so
they were actually creating an
environment diode oh sure based on what
they thought living on the moon would be
like and that's what that's for and then
one little like match just totally ruin
the entire thing so like if one match
does it I'm pretty sure somebody else's
atmosphere but they were actually the
idea was like oh if we're gonna put
people on the moon then we
like people like houses I know you can
make money off of it and it's uncovering
territory so like you know Montreal
could claim a section of the moon you
know make a lot of money on the side
that's what of in the 60s people that's
the thing I'm talking about right there
s probably member that from two years
ago when I showed you I can only imagine
that thing on fire
what if there's any photos I got Google
that when we got to Internet so hard not
having internet lately I've been only
using my dad on my phone to upload the
videos to keep my my expenses down
that's not my bus
it's what live my life lost the seat
bosses I can only imagine that being
like Johnny like that dome on fire okay
guys why not
found it I rent we get a little bunch a
little bit of interior tackles hello how
much a little two pterodactyls there
micro-p pterodactyls few more oh they
even show up on the camera they're there
they're there and they're fierce
yesterday Adrienne was all sweet and
nice and friendly now looking on
he was so friendly yesterday now you
look scary
okay I went up to Jake Jarrod made a set
anything came up like this sounds like
crazy piss but he was smiling at me wait
smile let's see the Kentucky
I can t tell it's not here doc get in
here
on the inside of Jurassic Park hey cuz
we're in Canada I have to say hey get it
bicycle Bell for three actually I know
if we could do that one dude huntin
right now there is behind this thing I
just saw serious went back that way this
is looks like a chipmunk kind of
squirrel you sure it's a squirrel it's a
baby squirrel Herald this okay dump that
out
I already did I don't think he's oh you
ran away I had an idea
oh sorry I'm minimus I want to play
that's a Segway it's supposed to do that
yes was it serious
yes he's like a chipmunk there is going
out the door isn't that where you guys
started off things that happen while
we're on tour oh there is a hole diggy
one in there
he's a jacket if he's in there it's
freakin cold over there so Danny and I
saw this we had to do it
child seat adult seat it looks like I
lost the child II know others don't see
right there don't see great butcher him
what is it Andrea it's French
Andreea
we all have we don't have three three
friends she's couple of guys a girl
we're from Florida she's seen your IV
how long do you think it's gonna take us
to figure this out yeah good is fast and
walk back wait you turn this is freaking
I don't like this I like it control of
my life I don't do anything all right
all right I see if my handlebars aren't
working
like seriously dude my handlebars are Oh
laughter what are we doing stop maybe
right not left
ruining cameras in the rain what are
some of the dumbest things we've ever
done a tour riding this in the rain
one-handed yeah why not right and Canada
on the wrong side of the street one of
them tour stories
well we didn't die thank you so much we
didn't die we're still here got your
bike back we did it you're alive like a
bike pretty awesome once a ghost Angelus
this is Emily already one two three
there goes to get it two times alright
alright let's try again decide we can do
this
that was my Leno's close oh now it's in
my down what got it okay I think Emily
won let me see what you're drawing color
was it Riddler so Riddler put on the
refrigerator when you're done
think about its thing what's going on
Batman's not read Cory it's his
Christmas okay let me see it walk away
is Batman he's like evil Batman
generally boo simply dropped an apple
holy all warped or do you find that and
of Apple I'm not gonna explain to you
younger viewers but for the older ones
I'm sure you're figuring it out there's
another one let's get strong I am
I crush an apple time to sneak back into
America well it is time to go to footy
no Jay Bell just tiny tidying up so
we're heading back to the states right
now with a sneak back into America Shh
don't tell anyone
Shh it's a secret today was a really
really fun day really simple fun day
it's one of those days where like today
I woke up like not really knowing what I
was gonna do or what I was gonna be a
little dude I thought was gonna be kind
of like a boring day just goes to show
you to find like the little fun things
in life just as simple things finding a
little tandem bike chasing a squirrel
slash chipmunk these are one of those
videos I've said it before that really
stick into my mind was to do with really
crazy stuff we trust me the crazy stuff
to do as well but these are like the
small moments that always really stick
in my mind I hope you guys honestly
enjoyed today's video
you guys are brand new my name is
Charles don't forget to click that
little subscribe button so you can watch
these videos daily we can do more
adventures
so I will see you guys tomorrow and
March owls were say good night for us hi
Montreal wants to say bye to French
you
