good morning guys I wonder been so
freaking okay and it's so late right now
her back is so sweet you left me some
fruit snacks I literally went to bed at
9:00 p.m. and it is full time as you
know there's 1:30 p.m. I slept so for I
guess I just needed to sleep alright now
that we get up so I woke up and I
realized exactly what do you got
sandwiches this is the place where we
all did that little beatboxing thing on
the trippy Channel you got my past I
have my past this is telling Danny it's
starting to get kind of I don't know if
psmith etic but hilarious like I know
where all the hoses are now in all these
this one is the one not that I want you
bloggers
it's over there isn't it is that
pathetic resent this awesome
they didn't tap that when they poke my
brain so retain that information other
things I forgot
but the hoses on Warped Tour I know
exactly where those hard
myself in large crowds just find dollies
that's all you got to do find dollars
stick right behind them little things I
remember every venue but how to get to
to and fro I said fro that wouldn't work
oh I think Miss Kitty
bitch although I have to say it's one of
those beautiful days you just have to
appreciate right here in the Sun effing
hot
hold on even for seconds woody
makini hoodie
speedo two hoodies making as we're
watching for a few years does this look
familiar
what about this guy Ryan Gosling can
have your autograph doing some work here
so today I'm just kind of having like a
me day like a Charles day watching all
the band's they keep forgetting to watch
I just kind of look at Charles day right
now they actually feel asleep twice on
the phone with Allie so I'm just kind of
enjoying myself a little walk around say
hi everyone was if you haven't seen us
is risky Charles walking and a porta
potti a beautiful day smell the flowers
smell the flowers right these are
flowers they smell the flowers stop to
smell the poo flowers guys he's got to
stop to smell the poo flowers whoo see
when he stopped look at he finds on
things like this
what do these things called love them
all right now I'm part should go to the
hospital get a bunch of shots maybe
don't stop and smell the food flowers
those guys are smelling the brass you
know what I mean what's not what you're
doing they're prepared for other set
we're gonna try and wrap it up we
haven't tried this yet we're gonna miss
our flight
stop enjoy life guys blow up feet falls
we're gonna play a game called which one
is Kohli which one is a real Coley Coley
it was a cracked-out lobster you're so
inspired by you
Wow I feel like the face is a little
more rounded though you have a more
spread to give more slender face
so Pico you're here yeah she has need a
haircut Sophie I'll do it can't you got
here you cut my hair I needed him to
like then about so I can't do I couldn't
do that
we're talented bunch of people not only
do we play music we can cut hair and
just be a bunch of computation Danny
could do makeup we the queens
I saw an alligator plato's bunch of fish
over there those guys have no idea they
should just come right here you know all
the fish they want all the sewer fish
you can eat didn't realize Gator he's
literally afraid across the pond give a
man a fish eats for a day teach a man to
fish he eats for several days or a
lifetime or until he gets bored of
fishing a lot of people always think
like being backstage or side stage
system where to go honestly isn't
totally overrated the best place to be
otherwise you can't hear anything can
see her bunch of um it's been my band on
this floor amberlynn one of those bands
I grew up listening to it was really
cool to watch
so this is Blair and Olivia and look at
Olivia nice little tattoo where's our
stage that way too
this is what I gotta do I gotta find
CTFxC is the point where I need to go no
hay delivery boys you guys are both my
boys my boy blue I got to follow the
food guys gotta follow the food my boys
at yeah thank your brother Travis
we have a show to play
we're doing Travis put the shirts you
know nice a drink stylish and bless he
also wanted some headbands
I look at your arm is like his biceps
yep
I said seven steps as you can see Danny
lost the bet to Sophie
you ready for this buddy no in the truck
get your shirt on Danny ready for the
show get a little soap on your face okay
got it
see you a straight there act like
warm-up trap wanna lose your voice
before a play show it stolen here sup
buddy how you doing
just got done playing the show and
saying hi to everyone after the show and
I want to go shout out some girl do this
frickin adorable heading back to the bus
could we got a pack with an early bus
call cuz we're going to Canada guys then
we're going to montr√©al for 4th of July
kind of funny I don't know why work Tori
always does that 4th of July is always
in Canada what does the six the six bye
why does the six I can't do that
60 it's a hard word to say all right
yeah sick sick
The Sixth Sense and the Titanic have in
common people I see dead people I see
dead people and
right I see I see this it's all Danny
now
maybe you won't tell the internet how
close we were today dude it was like two
and a half feet maybe three by the way
it's a Skyway Avenue right that part
where I don't play during the pre-course
of skyways where I always throw stuff at
Nate and today we were so freaking close
really can he do it then this tour I
won't be able to do that otherwise I'm
just gonna turn around hit Sophie and
ahead
okay
Thank You speaker we look like a bully
Sophie right big jerk the last American
sunset for the next three days font the
flowers are not part of the poo flowers
that's pretty for Edelen bugs so pretty
I drop my charger and what they pick it
up and I just want to show you the nerd
rock right now subscribe there you go
guys
cheeto I'm gonna take a chill hey I took
three of them I'm sorry goldfish well
what the hell's going on now who let the
bear in the freaking car or van however
a tour bus don't worry America we have
the right for bear arms I'm gonna see if
they let it up Erica brown bear and to
Canada so many random things happening
right now anyway I'll see you guys
tomorrow as always Ken at a time
you
