have to leave a little sad or feel what
in Atlanta
sup bye see you soon I just asked her I
was like where is Charles trunk on the
upgrade list you're number three I'm
number one I just want to say how did
that happen because I'm higher than you
I have four miles or what's the other
news you're upgraded for the second
flight and but I'm Boop they move my guy
is Kent sillier where right there yeah
those comes down for the camera that guy
that you're fitting that you always fist
yeah you know that do joist yeah worthy
he's gone
is he really gone yeah I want to get on
this plane I don't like this actually
I'm gonna ask only what happened to the
Soto statue safekeeping like historical
things so why they renovate they're
they're keeping them safe so he'll come
back
I haven't sitting in coach went over a
long time and it sounds really diva that
was incredibly people tell you his long
long long walk
there's somebody on the flight that
tweeted me like yeah yep there's telling
him oh my god I was too scared to go and
there's all these different yeah I saw
it was Kelsey we should wait for the I
wasn't in she sent some on Instagram to
we're gonna wait for Kelsey don't know
Kelsey is so Kelsey has appeared hi
we waited for you last leg of the flight
and then we're back on Warped Tour
hopefully went out on the breakfast club
but with land and having it right on
stage
we deserve time so that we actually fly
every single time we take
freakin here
such an accomplishment
a lot of random things miss Maddie for
today what's up that's one random thing
can the other random thing you guys
remember the band's sister Hazel - right
coming
singer Kent came up to us and recognized
us
I'm gonna walk to what I would never
vacation is now over I should have taken
another shower this morning how many
showers you get in
can I shower it in approved amount I
didn't shower not get those two confused
I did shower shower shower you enjoyed
not sweating did it finally happen
finally happened finally happened huh I
don't know what they're are wrestling
but I do know enough to wear like that
is that what you do you have to hold it
up and then you have to do like this on
the shoulder that's how you hold a
wrestling belt well just eat the crowd
you know excited to see me again
brother brother stop Donkin missed you
buddy
just got to the bus and already have to
work gotta get the shower bag because
they're freaking hot that I'm gonna fall
on my ass
so what think of the shower bag and ran
into Kelly what's your name
Robert and Kelly I just want to show you
the shirt this is what you can send all
the haters everyone's Trippi enjoy so
guys be brave for all right good I don't
know I just got here got some freaking
curly success starting to make a lot of
friends on here that has access to hoses
soak up that glorious Sun Sun heat up my
water I have some super freaking awesome
good news I hold on like it's lights on
this damn thing
I don't yet when we turn these on good
for this so I was finally able to write
three checks for three different animal
charities from the sale of the Zoey
Marley toys so I just wrote all the
checks right there yo yo Marley are
guarding it right now so so god love
being able to do these kind of charity
things we do guys because like we're
giant community where a giant team doing
this kind of stuff
saving lives saving puppy lives first
we're saving human brains now we're
saving puppy lives
I don't like do I really like animals
and I think it's an awesome thing but
still we Marley with both rescue dogs
and look how awesome they are it's one
of those things you don't have to go buy
a dog to have a good dog can rescue and
or adopt the dog and a lot of dogs don't
get that opportunity so I thought this
would be a really cool thing to do with
you guys so I just worked the three
checks and I've been mailing those out
today so that's awesome
you guys should feel really proud that's
a really amazing thing you guys did but
yeah if you want to get to Zoey Marley
toys go to CTFxC merch calm these are
what I was talking about the little eyes
is the eyes and nailed it so yeah guys
if you wanna get your own Zoey and
Marley dog toys go to CTFxC murse comm
they actually come in as a pair and get
both of them when you get them and after
the production cost and shipping and all
that fun stuff because unfortunately do
the detail like your eyes and I mean
that really looks like Zoey and all that
fun stuff it cost a little bit more than
I really had hoped just because if I was
gonna do these I really wanted to do it
right I didn't want a half acid but
after all that production crap and
nonsense and mumbo jumbo $5 goes to
other animal shelters to help other dogs
this
as far as I'm going to actually sharing
zoning Miley sorry guys
time to go to the show Weston you ready
West and ready thumbs up thumbs up
thumbs up buddy
counting he's ready up dude I love it
kick it buddy there we go
very nice young girl gave me a dragon
that you was thinking it was is it a
water he spits I mean it's their fire he
spits water I want to know when
amberlynn
I'll just get her
a secret Valentine during the breakdown
of pre-chorus I'm gonna start throwing
some that you see the king
look for it the precor's the secret
Valentine glad I don't play anything
look for me - ugh stuff at me
really get it to be awesome doing my
daily walking around Warped Tour see him
I CTFxC years I can find so far a lot
there's another one
sorry they made a mistake of buying a
soccer ball yep soccer in the bus 2-0
Coley
it's so scary when it goes up that now I
didn't hurt it actually hit the door
this is why we don't have nice things
token get a kick in there every day we
continue with this if you break
something
it's on me powerful come on relax
thank you guys she's driving through
system kicking it just goes up send it
up Thank You Duncan so Nate that are
going shopping together right now when
your stuff it's dirty all you got a dude
walk out it's not make a president man
by the way guys this is Ricky yeah Jamie
those are the other two people that are
working this tent so you guys can come
say hi Rick he's also the owner of koala
4 as well I met you Madison walk on the
bunk first thing new dog says look what
I got are you sharing are you just
taunting me with them I thought it was
just taunting me all right the Internet
I would have go to bed early I'm still
so freaky
doesn't if you click that little
subscribe button together brand-new this
warp tour is freaking awesome we're
gonna fiddle to schedule it's a show
Valley you come back out I think she
might do and land up to Nashville but
we're still trying to figure out again
feel free to pick the girl subscribe but
forget the check so he bother told so
that way you guys
but God I'll see you guys tomorrow I'm
gonna watch a movie good a bit warped or
tradition st. Louis
we are st. Louis right
you
