good morning guys I totally forgot to
give these to them yesterday girls what
I got toys from the road they get rather
just missed with Zoey here you go
did you forget how to play come on you
can do this just open your mouth so are
you gonna do
really it's good to be home
Marley why'd you fart on camera that's
so rude Janet yet eat your medicine it's
your medicine
I'm totally tricked you you're totally
eating medicine without anything oh come
on come on just eat it it'll make you
feel better I promise
don't give me those eyes the guys who
made the Zoey Marling toys really got
Barley's eyes like when she looks up
Marley give me the Disney eyes they're
they're the Disney eyes guys wanna go
outside for a little bit hang outside
for a little bit hang out for a little
bit if there's a school friend out has
he been hanging out lately haven't been
home so I don't know the school friends
still around oh yeah look at this he's
totally around and he's using my seat
just sitting around like a little
squirrel you had better not be doing
what I think you're doing now it feels
like I'm home Marley Rowland crap you
like I'm at home now huh yeah these are
the little things I miss just little
simple things little simple days just
hanging outside with the puppies the
bitches so what do you have I think we
have like a month and maybe three days
left a tour and then I'm home for a
while I think we the kings has anything
scheduled I think we might have a Europe
tour but I'm not sure so I'll quote me
on that
we might so be nice to be home for a
while and just hang out I think I want
it
Marley get over here I promised myself a
vacation so I might go on vacation right
after a tour still haven't quite figured
out where I want to go it's hot
oh then what throw her ass in the pool
I'm literally gonna throw out and pull
she's sprawling and Stevie stuff I'm
just gonna let it happen because it's
funny to me I know she's being bad but
it just makes me laugh it's become a
thing that's her personality yep so that
is the Marlee we have all grown to love
dick do you guys have any good vacation
spots I wanted to do Bora Bora but I
looked into it and I think it's gonna be
too hard to get there what are you doing
it's investigate you I don't see any
brown wait hold on you sit down I'll
look at your belly belly Jenna stop
doing that damn it Gaby but yeah do you
guys have any good ideas for vacation
spots I'm all up for ideas now she's
gonna hump her head it has to have Wi-Fi
though I'm going to film but I'm just
going to try to relax as much as
possible I feel after six years I should
take a vacation
not a full vacation I'm still gonna film
so it's kind of like a half vacation and
I'm using my hands a lot right now
what's up what's up dude this is the fun
part about coming home in the middle of
tour figuring out all the bills and the
paperwork yeah exactly
Marley it's all your fault you're
supposed to take care of this one I'm
gone the older one take responsibility
gotta work here can't just live here for
free just live and eat here for free you
little freeloader so you know I had to
stop drinking coffee because the
seizures we thought that might be God I
brought my sunglasses on the bus idiot
started to stop drinking coffee cuz I
thought that might be the cause of the
seizures so I think Starbucks is trying
to get me back they literally started
doing root beer just to try to give me
back there's mommy back what
I know we're hanging out today okay
Alison come later watch another movie
stop it bet he'll bet I do internet said
the Hangout so we're just doing nothing
and hanging out today we're having a
lazy day right that's cool right you
sneak you always stink
well as planned out just like relaxing
watch a movie and drinking my root beer
but I just remembered that the other
camera that was broken just before tour
has been fixed so I gotta go to Best Buy
and get that and bring that on tour so I
can break that as well so I gotta go to
Best Buy and pick that up just in case I
break this guy on tour which I'm
surprised honestly I have not broken
clothes actually he did break I remember
it was in Vegas we were walking down the
strip and I broke I dropped it surprised
and Josiah and I snapped it together or
whether man he man strength I thought so
I need to go get a backup I'm actually
genuinely bummed I don't know why canon
stopped making the 330 HS now at the
uses 340
it was they always do that there was
this I continued something where I said
when I start getting used to a camera
they just like stopped making it
they get nervous and now the storms
coming huh hear the Thunder I don't know
what I purchased a burger yeah it's like
I got a toy no I don't want that toy I
gotta use shoes Marley go Florida rain
she's got that scary Zoe see I thought
we gonna go outside this sucks
she's like you know it's raining right
this sucks a couple good it will hang
outside I'm sorry
they'll be done in fire like five
minutes this is something I have
discovered grizzly you know I like Zoe's
always scared of thunder if I just take
her outside like this she just kind of
sniffs around and she's not so scared
anymore
in fact she was already in the rain when
she's still wet Judy's walking in a
radial dick now you see clear dog they
dug this I gotta go back on the road
tomorrow you'll miss me can't you speak
already gross it's already stopping I
told the weather to stop for you Marley
it's listening how happy are you so Ali
just found out the RX bandits are coming
on the 11:00
you got to show them what you were just
doing at the house though the happy
dance take the happy shuffle though so
tomorrow I have to leave so we're going
up to dinner having a nice little dinner
yeah wear the hat okay does it work
oh we can go we could have gone a long
time ago there was no light so we get
here with plenty of time sorry 9 o'clock
and they're like we're doing snacks
right now what is that gonna do snacks
guys use potato chips and freedoms
but some Fritos some Funyuns in here
what is that what did we order the goat
cheese what is this thing
we call fancy guys classy what do you
want no I didn't bring any yoky for you
no neo key all right guys time to open
up the new camera hopefully it doesn't
die I just showed Ali the dogs
everything in the world
the good ones though should I go high
and then try going though sometimes
obviously mad
all right guys unfortunately tomorrow I
will be flying back to Warped Tour
I guess just say a bittersweet thing but
I'm gonna miss these little twerps you
gonna miss me huh well you know my
suitcase suitcase stare down we let a
month more and then actually it's like a
month exactly and then I'll be back home
don't forget to click that little
subscribe button so you can see us every
single day it's fresh so we're not
warped for it and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always hopefully I'll see
you guys there
you
