pushing daily like I don't like it
I'm like nervous touching her whiskers
all right come on you're so good just
like I'm gonna kill you in your sleep
it's just her whiskers she's like her
whiskers dae-su percent even go for a
walk just like I hate my dad right now
you're right there bud I never seen that
stalks are scared he thought something
was on him or not on I'm like chasing
them oh I gotta show you guys I know but
I do want to show you you all right it's
not crying now yesterday you saw my
little map that I did I want to show you
what I did today and it looks kind of
funny so that's what I did my zigzag I
think next time I want to try to draw
something I was just running to do some
sort of design if I can't figure it out
this is the longest run I've ever done
though yesterday Ali started doing these
little st. Pete rocks and what she was
planning on doing is taking these and
we're gonna go today and not hide them
but we're gonna place them places kids
and and I've like I wrote I come on
little monsters we came up with some
names right like st. Pierre ox on the
back and then I put my initials they
wrote little monster and they all have
name so this is Fang Frank that's Frank
this one is Unni Gary Harry this one's
Hannah I don't know why evil Edie
this one is iris that's what I named and
then this one is Tom boner oh yeah I
named that one too
so we're gonna go hide these I'm gonna
show you guys where they're at and if
you're in the area I want you to find
them take a photo oh yeah also put it on
safety rocks because I you know that my
mom that's the one thing she kept saying
make sure you write st. Pete box and
tell them to put it on Facebook so we'll
have to find a link for that and we'll
put that in the description but I will
show you guys this and hopefully in the
area you could probably find one of them
thank you they're cool they're one of a
kind oh by the way we just got another
tree quote 6000 being electrocuted men
getting hurt and my case which I
terrified yeah but okay this is he did
say something I'm not going to say it
outside cuz I don't want them to hear it
but I'm gonna go out and show you I
don't know why I'm talking in the house
right now but this actually might be
something that could be helpful okay I'm
gonna show you okay let's just look and
I'll show you and I'll talk about it so
you see this is in our property right
all that is in their property so all
that right there okay so coming back to
that now now that you know that
information I was just told this there's
a new law or adjusted law and either
it's everywhere or just in the state of
Florida it's called the act of God law
what happens it doesn't matter if my
tree falls into their yard it's not my
fault it's what falls in their yard is
their responsibility or vice versa
they had a tree that fell on ours we
would be responsible for it so basic
we're gonna first have Duke Energy that
a power company come out and see if
they'll do it because if they do it then
freakin awesome but if they don't yeah
that's what we're really hoping for but
if they don't I'm gonna probably walk
over there and be like hey you know this
is what's happening Duke Energy
explained to us do you guys maybe since
the trees on you know 75% our house and
25-30 percent whatever on yours and if
this falls it breaks your pool cage it's
going to be on your insurance
and just I mean honestly it's like
that's the honest truth and I just want
to be a good neighbor
on top of maybe that actually might help
of the situation when I hear from the
entire company I want to have them come
so that way we you know we at least can
try to get it taken care of for
everybody and then fingers crossed and
then maybe that might work
so that could probably potentially ease
the whole situation too and keep
everyone safe so there's a lot of little
things that we're learning I have made
so many friends that are tree people
yeah it's like both ends of the spectrum
it's very weird what do we do yeah so
that's kind of like where we're at I'm
hoping Duke Energy can take it down if
not I really hope these people they
realize the gravity of the situation
because if that falls and breaks their
pool it's not our fault it kind of sucks
to hear that considering it's on our
yard well that's just a state of Florida
and that's the law yeah I mean it's vice
versa I would want to know that because
I don't want to have something come in
our yard like if we had something over
our house or something like that that
was theirs you would assume it would be
their responsibility but it's not and
that's scary
I would hope that our neighbors would be
like you know this is the situation
we're trying to remove it and we're
trying to make everyone safe do you guys
want to help and that way we can all get
this taken care of our power won't keep
going out because I'll show you this I
don't know if you can see that but
that's literally touching that tree and
again that's all over their yard that's
all on their yard that that fell that
break the pool as well so I don't know I
just want to kind of help them that
would actually land on their their house
I kind of want to ask you guys in the
comments let me know what are your
opinions your thoughts about like that
would you want somebody to let you know
about that and make you aware like if
you didn't know that law or you didn't
know that insurance situation or would
you just be like no you got to get rid
of it's all of you blah blah blah
obviously I would be on the sense of
like no it's all yours it's your treat
but in reality however it always me
aware of that situation I would be a
little bit more open-minded
I don't know homeowners what do you guys
think and what would you suggest how do
we approach it we're not good like I
said we're not going to do anything
until the power company says this is the
absolute situation because if they take
care of it everyone's winning I know I
always promised when I talk about any
sponsors in the video that there's
something I use or I think is really
cool and this is actually no joke
something I've used before in the past
and I was actually pretty excited that
they wanted me to actually show you guys
it's called honey in short it's a
browser extension so you can get it for
Firefox Chrome and even Safari and what
it does is when you go to a website
let's just say you go to Best Buy you go
to hotels comm or something like that
what it does is it searches the entire
worldwide web for the best coupon codes
and then on checkout automatically
applies it to you
you know I'm guilty myself when I go buy
something I'm like oh I wonder if
there's actually a coupon so type the
store name com coupon code and then I go
to these websites where it has like two
percent success rate which I feel is
always a lie and then you try all these
codes and none of them work so what they
do is they actually test over a million
codes per month to make sure we get the
best one we meaning me and you guys so
here's the fun little fact they have
over five million active users one of
which has been me for quite a long time
and they've saved I think it around a
hundred and seventy million dollars this
year alone the thing is it's for your
desktop so you get and can't be on your
iPhone or your Android or anything like
that it's not mobile so you have to be
on your desktop desktop Chrome Safari or
Firefox go to join honey calm CTFxC hit
enter and it takes you to this wonderful
website and just add honey it's free and
this is for Safari obviously and if
you're on a different browser I'll bring
you to a different thing just it's
already installed so you install it and
then it puts the little extension up
here let's test it out let's just go to
you know hotels calm and once you're
there you can immediately start seeing
this little honey logo starting to find
some coupon codes and if you go over
here and then what you could do is is
copy and is copy then you can put it in
the checkout and your save
okay let's try another website let's
just go to it's got a Pizza Hut I think
that's the one I use the most is like
when I order pizza is trying to find
coupons for pizza
I am so guilty and obviously you guys
know I love pizzas Pizza Hut dinner and
then you'll see all the coupon codes
that were found so you click that and
again just like last time there's all
the coupon codes 15% off online order
click it and it's copied then just put
it in your little checkout no joke it's
literally as simple as that I just want
to say thank you to honey for sponsoring
this video and allowing me to show you
guys this is something that I've
honestly used for a very long time I
stumbled upon I want to say a few months
ago actually so when they approached me
I was really really excited because I
always promise you guys when I do any
sponsorship it's always something that I
really like or that it's cool and this
is both so this is a double whammy so
make sure you go add the extension I'll
put the link down in the description
join honey calm sigh CTFxC go get it
guys and thank you honey for helping us
out and thank you for you guys
supporting our sponsors okay so we are
at our first stop mr. Tom Boehner is
going to the Dali Museum I think I have
a good idea where she put them is the
thing called the ribbon tree I think
it's what it's called is it this way I
think you're right it's this way but
yeah we're at the Dali Museum here in
st. Petersburg Florida
yeah that's how we found out about this
tree
you guys go around here we'll show you
where to go just be careful guys when
you're looking for all these this is our
disclaimer you guys are doing this at
your own risk
be very careful don't hurt yourself and
and the paint might be coming up but
like I said if you guys find these
please take a photo and send it to Ali
and I all right scratch that this is the
ribbon tree we can't get there it's all
blocked off so we're gonna hide him in
these rocks right in front of it
yeah I'll let you hide you play some
great there but if somebody's like kind
of hidden so people can't just find them
right in here it's kind of cool right
there
Tom Boehner's right there and this is
the location we're gonna hide down no it
was hide the right guy to make this a
little bit more meaningful we decided to
yeah that's something that has like
significance so badali
we went there the next place is the tree
were Marley climbed this is a very long
time ago Safari when I first moved here
it's pretty much downtown but it's in
front of the movie Co right there the
sundial is the Fine Arts Music Museum
all right let's go put it in there
all right so we're gonna do these giant
trees that are downtown as well because
they're beautiful and then Ali's best
friend Shelly got married here and we
used the climate I think we climbed it a
long time ago on the blog still I
remember guys if you are looking for
these try to only like find one find the
favorite one that way other people can
find them that way it makes a little bit
more fun fun for everybody that's a good
place a kid is definitely gonna find
that one
she people came out and they were like
messing with all the tree stuff hell Tim
came down and guess who came out and
started chewing it it old Zoey but that
tree comes down she's gonna have like
sticks galore now we should go to the
Venoy we're warped or his pen where I
used to always feed the squirrels place
means a lot to us not only because we
come here all the time with the dog but
right over there actually right here is
were warped forest
so obviously this means a lot to us so
we're gonna try to find a tree want to
do that tree
so we figured that we would put you know
one by the dog park we always go and we
found one
we actually found our first one st.
Peter Ochs like great there you know I
don't have it you have I don't have it
ding-dong
nope that's right we hid - all right
well when we do it do we buy the dog
park
as if the dog park we always bring the
pups all right well that was actually
really fun we had a ball I know it
sounds is probably it'll be snow what's
silly just so many people but I can i I
see why people find excitement with it I
was just talking to Shelley and choose
somebody how are they really good friend
Nicole Turner kids do it all the time
and we found one ourself it was exciting
now when you know what to look for I
feel like we're gonna see a lot off like
didn't you get excited it was our first
one are so I had an idea not an idea a
realization do you guys remember that
poor house over there where the people
their tree went into their house I
actually was just talking to me showed
me inside the tree was standing right by
the window where the tree went down and
it was almost kind of like he described
that was a poltergeist or something like
that you know where the tree comes in
and grabs the people their situation was
the situation I was bringing up earlier
the tree on the other neighbor's house
fell into theirs and they got stuck with
it their bill he said was $90,000
unfortunately they're going through that
situation so I have that to use as kind
of like an example cat being a little
idiot
that's got the breeding life well guys I
hope you enjoyed today's video I'm gonna
go watch my favorite show on earth is
The Simpsons and hang out with everybody
so I'll see you guys tomorrow don't
forget to subscribe guys our brand new
and don't forget to click the
notification button with the bill yeah
do that
alright I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
