good morning Internet so how's America
doing yeah
Lindsay's all America doubt right now
just now woke up so we are in Sacramento
eight dolphins vagina that right stages
this way might be this way
thank you
13 808 this way so tomorrow we head to
VidCon and we play bitch we play VidCon
tomorrow Friday and if you guys are
around at 3 p.m.
I'm on a little like what are they
called like no panel with a big Justine
and Shay and few other people so make
sure come to that lost this is not good
that it
Travis I both a loss now it's not our
snow so you know I know it's behind
when you're 61 like me even see things
like I have no idea I'm going hey
where's the main stage son of a bitch
no one knows who these agents actually
get a bad idea
we got a direction
that's it right there follow me I'm
bringing people to the stage about it
leave it says we the Kings on there I'm
an idiot
training those girls
I was late found it seems like you did
that was a bit scary I was gonna make
junior I made it say hi
juniors baddest so when you see them on
stage they hide Junior this is my lucky
stuff that I have in my little gear
pouch guys CTFxC your game is lucky
little turtle I try to vlog I try to do
my job before going on to there and
doing my job there so crude
good buddy second out no the fun show
now I got here now here's the hard part
get back and no idea how to get back
that's honestly one of the coolest ways
to wake up just wake up roll out of your
bunk go play and meet a bunch of awesome
people totally puts everything in
perspective put you in a good mood no
matter what the rest of the day so I'm
in a good mood always smiling and some
sort of like fact actually frown like
been at it than it does to actually
smile food time anyone in the comments
want to make a wager and if I drop my
root beer for the third day in a row so
close you son
it's Billy we're getting a son like
sunburned right now just I get lunch in
tan see you can I could burn Danny give
this score the root beer after I
literally dropped through three days in
a row now I made up for it you want it
you can have it if you want it oh really
yeah now you could have it deliciousness
so Melissa is heading our way to
Portland because she was with Phil and
she just sent a couple clips of Zoe
Marlene Tyson and Kobe so I'm gonna show
you guys that because I really want to
see the little girls dead oh mama hey
Miley was playing with time they're
gonna do much for me I'm sorry I need to
find out what the obstacle final does
anyone know when we have a day off
Internet you guys probably know my
schedule more than I do so tomorrow is
VidCon does that means I gotta clean
myself up a little bit
you can't look at too big of a hobo it's
towards
what do I think better you're like it
makes you look like a baby bitch you
guys want to see a tor mirror the side
of a bus
that'll go fresh and clean for big guns
so I'm gonna walk around walk tour
sacramento see how they proceed if
exterior they're not getting sexy over
here
sexy nerd rock
sup sexy nerd rock neat and sweet waited
just the right amount of time no line
for catering happiness equals brownie
which I hate beside made fun of excited
in one gulp sorbet the macaroni feeds
that is happiness
what's up buddy look at that brownie any
tent that has little roleplay
you want to hang underneath it it's a
party tent for raging
raging hard with his popcorn in his
Keystone and his tour water in your
water we're aging in mice by soda I'm
trying to wait for warp tourists are
raging guys I mean we aren't well I'm
trying to wait for a VidCon to start
raging did I just say that been a long
day somebody on the bus literally eats
half a banana and it keeps it there
through his arm probably give it I
probably love it he said you left it out
there on the concrete impress the I'm
sorry going cross-eyed almost puking
your baseball
I mean look he's your banana right I
don't want the other half of something
else
joking you need half a banana and leave
it a kid for VidCon what do you need
there
we need the guitars right guitars would
be good our bass that's the bass bass
would be good yeah we should everyone
we're gonna leave the white one at home
just Duncan and I in his limo meet high
five
air five
yeah everyone else went to go get
training I read it what time you have to
fly out
so smiling
they were a little far from warp all
right now seems stupid but the fact that
I can stand up fully I think you got my
tippy-toes in a car or a van is like the
craziest good night tattoo get my tattoo
okay I kind of hurt just drop my phone
oh look Travis is calling me and it
literally just landed right there so
freaking close I guess I should answer
the phone Travis what are you doing what
Danny Lindsay get you
I got me a Chris Jericho that's very
nice of them he's super nice would they
get me no I need to get a hug you know
what nerd lock this is what I'm gonna do
for you I mean whole Jolly Ranchers and
this is what I'm gonna do for Koli
Ranchers this is what I would a do for
Hunter I don't want it's a gift so if
you don't want to stow it sir cor
believe what I see over there
Victorian obviously the Jolly Rancher
here for whoever the nice person is who
returns that stolen item got all the way
to my room and realized it was like week
it's kind of like here what am I missing
my luggage a bed a real bed that's a
yeah that's a real shower that is real
only hold on it's real the shower bags
we have Wi-Fi no Wi-Fi that's how we
could tell otherwise I would go back on
the bus completely lock myself out of
our room idiot and we got my key idiot -
and forgot my camera don't get this
excited this is first VidCon come see me
I'll be cited by the tree you see them
yeah you and Koli now that is time to go
to bed because we have an early flight
tomorrow for VidCon on my executive show
exactly the Kings is actually playing
but I'm doing a panel on 3:30 p.m.
tomorrow Friday so make sure to come to
the panel and it should be pretty
awesome where's my room
I brought my key card as well otherwise
your tux is wandering anyway so I'll see
you guys tomorrow as always it's gonna
be really excited to get back to VidCon
if you guys brand-new to the videos
don't forget to subscribe and I hope to
see a lot of you guys are VidCon so good
night guys
booty's bye
you
