hello internet everyone's working and we
are where are we
are we in San Diego San Diago back in
the whales vagina queue awesome intro
from last tour
where's the the stage and all that stuff
behind us or in front of us that way
who's right that way
hey people ask about this t-shirt it's
actually a booth here at whooped or a
friend of mine runs it it's just like a
motivational t-shirt so I know a lot of
people are trying to read it yesterday
but like I'm always like all over the
place they can read it so that's where
this t-shirt came from it's actually a
boot that warped or
it's funny every time I do this I always
feel like I'm stealing water it's always
so shady come on really
they need to bring like a wrench I guess
that's why because it is stealing water
Lobo saying make friends with the
dishwashers fire
patrols with how to clean a tent - on
bottled water
we figured I'd document this
I honestly say that you're missing the
dog catchers
because some people can
honestly this is my favorite absolute
favorite part of warped or when the
amphitheater is completely closed like
for no-shows and it's just an empty
amphitheater feeling plus I can ride my
penny board and not run into anyone he's
got the right idea
Noah's actually not funny I literally
just read in the comments when I was
walking to production my favorite
all-time comment I think of all time was
that I had because of this tattoo and
all the tattoos I've been getting that
I'm going through a midlife crisis which
is kind of hilarious like think about
because I was going through a midlife
crisis I would totally grow a mullet and
get a red Corvette right try to think of
the most cliche midlife crisis things
plus I'm only thirty let me ask you guys
in the comments if you were going
through a midlife crisis right now what
would be the most cliche thing you would
do or get mine would be grow and mall it
and get a red Corvette see if you can
beat that been so cool I've been walking
around with walked or I've been getting
so many compliments on this little
dragon freakin love this thing I don't
care what anyone says
like you know tattoos are meant for the
person attached it's actually on and
people most people get that it's just
kind of like now I will always remember
that day and this tour the only mean I
feel like that's what's a twos are
really meant for it you know it's always
a personal thing that's why I never say
tattoos are stupid because they might be
stupid to me but does them they might be
the most ingenious tattoo of the coolest
tattoo ever so I feel like that's why
I've always like reserved myself on
saying a tattoo stupid except that one
word said no regrets and it had it
spelled regrets wrong that one was
stupid or ingenious I can't I can't make
up my mind you know what if I was going
through a midlife crisis I feel like I'm
just end up growing a ball
I don't know why that just comes to mind
just seems appropriate a baron not bad
zerrin by the way it's hi hi what's your
names
Chrissy Chrissy
nice to meet you Christie I'm sorry to
mean just did mean to leave you out oh
man San Diago is bunch of nice people
how many lost the band what they would
do at a midlife crisis now we got a
question for everyone
Duncan if you walk through a midlife
crisis what would you do I would write
this on my shirt I don't know where
Charles
I'll go mullet and buy a red Corvette
what my prices are you going this I'm
just saying if I was both skydiving or
something extreme sports yeah look dunk
it would do what about you trav I quit
the man and become a porn star I'll go
get my face tattooed I probably get my
face tattoo I would get Travis on my
face I would get my face face off my
face on my face I would buy an island
and go live on it you know everyone
actually just want to do that every day
yeah I do with the midlife crisis list
Oh Danny go under young people get a
bunch of tattoos
you get a personal trainer and meet
another drummer go it open up a deli I'm
probably do I start a car collection and
then I climb motorcycle like something
really cliche we do a midlife crisis
Megan earring in aren't you actually
going through one right now so going on
tour with we the kings in the comments
how old do you think Ryan Sophie is 19
I always thought you really 23 clothes
for 27 clothes after one tell how old's
your blend up guest first guest today
tomorrow let you know cameras a little
bit bigger than mine hey just a little
bit over can't we open windows do
something favorite head I will different
things
I think it's because for me personally
all these bands and I grew up listening
to we're all playing on the same stage
we can go watch them all and you know
just hang out with everyone it's like no
one calls it the punk-rock summer summer
game yeah it's a good you wear like the
sandals you shower out of luck it's
nothing like that
nicknames real classy another normally
we sleep to like hide romantic ambience
I am yelling okay you guys go on in an
hour
you should probably wake up I need a
tour in the living room right here yeah
and once you cross the shoes off from
comes off here in the kitchen the
coordinators are just vacuum carpet the
tile you go into the kitchen right there
okay this is the kitchen this is all
right literally this is the living room
and the parlor hi in the kitchen yep and
that's it all right we've actually been
pretty healthy so it's typically bananas
and I'm gonna have to write your name on
your food or else people like ye we're
gonna be like others no name is mine
this is not a rock star bridge between
the Boca burger and the almond milk
there's not enough room in there too
many cooks in the kitchen Scott
they're looking at Duncan smug right now
you can see his cigarettes
kind of yeah by the way the thing that
we were freaking out about that Duncan
didn't want to tell us about was this
it's basically like a suddenly very
smart of him not to tell us by the way
British broke you broke it Ryan he
didn't tell drunk ride coming out
getting that good drug Ryan needs to be
out through this translation sad do this
transformation for me really quick five
years ago it's my good luck shirt and
I've had it five years it's been through
five years of washing and that's what
happened we got twenty nine years old
and then Kayla apparently and Sheila let
me see the style that you have you know
what don't get them right here so
Kayla's got the style that she's French
jokey get out of the way don't get get
out of the way okay
don't you come down here lock these
doors that's it down periscope
every time I hear country music that's
how I know I need to put the pants on
and get ready for shows
so this guy gave us a bunch of cigars
because of the Hat I'm a dealer now look
at this hat do you live here one pub
stealing cigars you're a man you're in
the wrong business of dealing things
they wanted to trap sister another one
got one so gangster by the time for pour
root beer got a fly this thing there's
an awesome pillow over there well I
don't know about that dirt rocks looking
at the helicopter trying to do the surra
hello chopper shop and see if you can do
is new rock magic because I don't know
what happened
it just went after der blob here doc
trying to fix it when chopping out ouch
he tried so I'm going to go to bed a
little early because I want to watch
some movies I never get a chance to
watch the movie cuz that was just end up
passing out anyway so I'm gonna go to
bed a little bit early and I hope you
guys to join to this video and the
comments tell me what you do if you
would go through a midlife crisis so I
will see you guys tomorrow as always
don't forget to subscribe and I'll see
you guys tomorrow
actually hold on San Diego is a little
something special today maybe we'll try
this more often
you
