today's they adult doing laundry
responsibilities actually I forward to a
fluffy fold so they can greatest
invention ever
and fluffing pulled drop it off they
clean it for you who knew that was
awesome
it was like having somebody drive me to
my mom's house to do my laundry you drop
it off so Ali had believed yesterday and
I kind of invited myself to lunch with
Lindsay and Danny they said Oh mommy I
was like I'll go that's true it's kind
of funny everyone's on a little time
tour bus but I haven't seen nerd rock in
like 2 days - there we go got the
truffle burger famous foo mommy it's
walking back and I totally saw like a
thrift shop so I got a pop some tags
guys like 99 cents see if we can find a
better jacket than Macklemore these are
like contemporary jackets nothing crazy
fuzzy damn it screw this place god I
just want to let you know because you
had to leave
I had to crash Lindsay and Danny's lunch
date it's all your fault it's all your
fault bid miss you so I just out of
place
Ally's favorite thing ever is lemonade
and I literally found a place called
lemonade hey jealous I'm gonna see if
there's a cucumber lemonade now
who says Peter Diamandis methimazole
bikini
they don't know what's going on
basically the time charges digit another
dollars or overseas so the way right
here
sure so I'm just a lay right here let
eighteenth he smacked me in the face of
the blue clamps say hi ho look at Jake
do you recognize him
no Piero no beard baby face thank you
for cleaning it clean mitten week please
Jake dog poo Jake and Jessi dal PO did I
just hang up the phone
oh my god it was worth it alright so I'm
here I think Inc and where are we this
one Woodland Hills this ain't this where
Duncan always comes and this is Leo and
Leo's gonna help me with the Dragon
Tattoo I like it man it's nice and
cartoony googly tails going up for
positivity live anyway this is Leo he's
gonna be hooking us up right now but
this is the place to go if you want to
go here if you have alright but this is
where Duncan comes so it's where you
guys should go as you can see Duncan has
been you know he's been tattooed a few
times and obviously trust this place so
that's why I came here
nice rumors have other between your
signs fault I'm gonna sign that you guys
have is pretty amazing your complaint
department
everything step one get stencil on you
get that stencil on their egos getting
all the colors
Jake itself it's just getting better get
better all right
more guys dragon
that's above the green in there yeah Leo
killed it surely with the pink lipstick
I think yeah yes that was the sign it's
actually awesome that was awesome like I
said guys think inked tattoos got a
little freaking dragon Thank You Man
so yeah always river guys be a fucking
dragon I know it might seem corny or
cheesy for somebody else's just doesn't
get it I just like the space tattoo you
know like as a kid that's what I wanted
to be and that's why I thought I could
be and just like now you know don't let
anyone tell you you can't be something
whether it's like a dinosaur a dragon or
whatever we came up with a meerkat
but be a fuck dragon obviously you can't
be a dragon it's just a metaphor for be
awesome
and do what you want to do and just oh
sorry I'm getting distracted
you love these things it doesn't matter
how old you are just do what you want to
do as long as you're not hurting anyone
be what you want to be all your dreams
all right back to the busses it's funny
like every slow time to get a tattoo I
mean I've already said this I get really
sleepy like your door fits just like
kind of
they're running and then you get so so
super tired so yeah it is true We The
Kings is taking a little detour from
work tour to play VidCon again we had so
much fun last time John and Hank invited
us again so we're playing Friday night
whatever the time is so just check the
schedule and I'm also on this panel I
think with Justine Phil Shay and a
couple other people have 3 p.m. on
Friday as well so I hope to see a lot of
you guys there
all right so our refrigerator is now
fixed so that means I can actually get
some food though Alex should I get
cantaloupe pineapple or watermelon you
got pineapple and watermelon I don't
know if I could do that
you don't you will have once pineapple
and they did it Yolo doing what to get
out of the car for the tattoo place
I forgot my brick for my iPhone charger
and my my pill bag which is this bag now
what does that bear look like you the
guy literally called like you left your
charger for your phone and it bag oh
it's so embarrassing all right guys I
got unwrap this thing I'm actually
really worried this is actually probably
my favorite tattoo just because it means
so much to me
like in the blood all right I got to
clean this oh look at the blood I love
this tattoo I need another word to
describe awesome it only makes my trip
complete when I see these guys hello
beautiful
he'll wake up late I'm sure I'm glad
you're here Charles it's good to see it
you okay with this
and you knew her mormon right
I could take her off your hand I'll take
off your handsome video yeah
sure you guys are about the same height
she's pretty tall so actually yeah I
think she's 511 yeah take it home and
let your dogs she were put on the tour
bus you should put in the bunk freak
Travis out oh he loved it
this I thought this is pretty funny
check this out Charles sent me a picture
of his tattoo and it's like oh yeah my
tattoo an extinct girls if I bring my
laundry over here will you fold it for
me totally bring my laundry over here
will you cleaning Foley for me double
tap your Instagram oh thank you man and
I'll get a notification look I got a
notification thanks Jay make shaycarl
wishes socialized that's how we actually
catch up so you don't want to do I would
have turn this off and I'm gonna catch
up with my friends right now
I'll be over that guy's to open up my
awesome little package of clean clothes
nicely folded do that I don't know what
I'm gonna do with nicely folded clothes
now I got some clean stuff I just want
to show you guys this I think yeah I saw
this the other day the pillowcase of
Zoey Marly screwed Nick Cage well anyway
I want to make my bed and a pass out I
will see you guys tomorrow as always
hope you guys enjoyed today's video and
always remember guys be a dragon
seriously all your dreams it does matter
what it is and I saw see you guys
tomorrow as always don't forget to
subscribe you guys rand-new and i'm
gonna go pull up betrassus pants here
Travis pull up your pants for your buddy
thank you mom
your little buddy I'll see you guys
tomorrow as always
you
