get out what's the high today
coming from the desert this is amazing
I've actually kind of cold right now
got my shower bag right away not even 11
a.m. got it already it's gonna be a cold
shower though so I got like 11 hours so
I get to see you her the FUP
now you're gonna put that all on black
Duncan bling-blinging over there that's
awesome
we started with $1.00 doubling our money
I woke up my bus is right there and I
saw a giant freaking hill so what do I
do
look for my penny board put on Slayer
and try to go down
I survived so what happens when you do
something successful the first time you
chance it you do it again a buck what am
i mouth
we wobbly wobbly wobbly funny I fell
yeah fucking dummy we do something
successful the first time what do you do
oh you do you fall the second time got
him idiot why don't we follow Charles to
get back up learn how to pick ourselves
and I need read what happened look at
your skin girl take you to the medical
room oh yeah let's have you skate over
there where's the medic let's go skate
systematic got him an idiot
world's biggest idiot where's the medic
gotta find a medic medic make fun of me
guys I'm a complete idiot
I know thankfully what poor headstand
standby for idiots like myself the rest
of the band
we're going to try to forget that this
ever happened guys men right yeah
Schmidt and Matthew Matthew they're
going to make sure I get all healed up
anyone want to slap me the back of the
head
Oh baby get style yeah yeah DT type
Zoe's got new skin
it means gonna put this on my old skin
because I lost it like a dam that
doesn't feel good it's really fun when
you don't warn people huge thank you to
Matt and men over here for keeping me
alive
I gotta really stop doing this tonight
are you so I was walking back from the
medic and we're I found myself up and a
band-aid so what did the traffic guards
say to the musician I don't know are you
sharp or your b-flat Wacka Wacka so just
met some CTFxC ears they totally read me
for being an idiot and doing this
already though so dumb I don't know I do
that sometimes they just don't think you
want to be like will you see something
really exciting just don't think this
will be fun just I was so done with
myself
and I realize it so dumb I should not
have done that so finally I feel
I'm wearing a gold watch
you are seriously hurting yourself going
Chris Bollywood roles ever lid one of
them
trying to lollipop now look who's here
my buddy summery smoke somebody ate my
ally pop your lollipop was you I guess I
didn't hide it it was right there great
by the alcohol everybody Dave's here -
exactly you hacking my computer is
Marley hacking my computer that looks
like my password I'll be careful my
computer might explode if you get the
wrong password enter buds right there
yep you have a careful fuck well you
guys want to watch me the Kings yeah
she's over here taping the little jobs
you guys favorite fan Big Bob
hello fries oh hey hello people go get
gummy bears the tribe's a spunk is that
middle one right there in the bottom
right side right side right side yeah
yeah yeah yeah rip it apart here there
somewhere what
no that's Hondo's you know what we
should do we should climb on Danny's
before he goes and plays drums
happy-looking like Charles hi we all got
each other oh we can do this we'll do it
together
let's get it come on you guys I'm gonna
get it that's what a rock and roll band
those guys gonna skip the stage tell me
your drum solo thank you
there you go Danny you're fired
you girls have fun have fun girls have
fun hey Dave did you have fun
Dave had fun just I have fun have fun
this is when you're getting old we're
trying to steal asparagus from your
friend and not french fries I can smell
something they're like such an old man
right now my hip my hip my hip Duncan
your hip my hip it's actually kind of
funny I walked into the medics in a way
I hurt myself
they're like sir take a seat because
they didn't know what I did look what
happened I like fell off my skateboard
look how old are you like 29 this was
embarrassing yet funny thing then there
was actually two medics that watch the
CTFxC and one was a fan of we the Kings
as well so it was doubly embarrassing so
high - that medic thank you for taking
care of me so I'm starting to think this
is getting a little silly on the
internet about all the bickering amongst
each other amongst CTFxC because as a
CTFxC we're a community you guys can
make fun of me all you want about my
freaking falling around every time I
fall on my face I mean when it comes to
my life and things like that I would
hope that you guys would be happy but
I'm genuinely happier and when I feel
like when I'm happy it makes the videos
happy I just hope that you guys realize
that when you guys say things about
other people were real people we're not
just like Sims characters with a little
diamonds on her head with those little
things with that little thing on my head
love
but the thing they always suggested
people is that type something out in the
comments and then get it all out and
then just delete it because you know let
you vent and get your thoughts out but
you know you don't have to say something
hurtful about somebody else but like I
said we're all real people we all have
feelings you know it affects somebody
know what everyone's got their opinions
and I respect that I put my life on the
internet I should expect no people's
opinions being thrown back at me and I
do but I just want people to get back to
the community that we are because we are
community and I do love you guys very
very very freakin much I just want to go
back to love and pizza it's not feeling
good gorel pizza you'll feel better I
promise
I just don't want the CTFxC fighting
amongst each other because I've been on
this tour for what is it like about a
month out I met hundreds maybe thousands
of CTFxC ears on this tour
everyone who do you guys are all smiling
taking photos for each other somebody's
phone dies you'll take a photo for them
and email to them that's what I want to
CTFxC be about this friendship is just a
community no more bickering
right trust me I understand I appreciate
the fact that this has just happened for
people and people are still mourning the
the change I'm also happy that people
accepting the fact that I'm happy and
happier
I'm glad a lot of people can see that as
well and I personally feel like I've
gone through enough
that I'm allowed to just be happy and do
the things I need to do and I hope you
guys can just be happy for me for happy
for the CDI magazine because it's only
gonna make it better because I'm going
to be happier and in a better mood it's
just common sense remember guys pizza
and love CTFxC model love peace and
pizza love friendship and pizza love
piece of pizza Travis out
it's a fuzzy wuzzy at least eat it I
don't just throw my vegetables on the
ground so of course the day I have to
take a shower outside and work myself
it's freezing no more deserts alright
guys time to go to bed she's finally
here so time to go to bed and then
tomorrow
subscribe get up there doc where are we
tomorrow isn't it LA yeah going to LA
tomorrow so I hope you guys have a great
night and we'll see you guys tomorrow
then go way better than I did
you
