good morning Internet we are in Pomona
California and it's so funny I'm having
deja vu this is the one that I did the
Green Man thing and I went into the
bathroom of the women's bathroom we got
kicked out or slapped or chased out you
guys have a DejaVu with me transition so
every year they give free vans to
everybody and this is my side issues
you're kidding me look they closed it
off the Sun Channel watch The Invisible
Man this is actually the bathroom it's
kind of torture to put a bathroom right
in the middle of all these tour buses
but a giant fence that's like putting
candy in front of a bunch of little kid
like nope can't have it no candy for you
guys not allowed I really should have
looked for our damn bus was before it
ran out with the whole Oh free shoes
brother I'm genuinely lost so Melissa
and my mom
Phil sent some possible doggy clips so I
just been watching those you seeing how
they helps that William Marley have been
so I'm going to transition to so we
Marley footage down transition to Zoey
Marley footage the girls have been so
good in mode oh my gosh it was so easy
that was Zoey's thing that was a snake
God all I need is a wheel we come on
Zoey OE come on cope where's your mom
gotta find your ball yes Zoey
yeah your daddy's doing good the girls
they love it and we're back these guys
that's why I have these on the bus it's
the closest thing I have right now as
well as the footage where that gorgeous
background
so let the record show that Ryan only
had one drink one giant dream is it was
okay was big dreams he's a fun drunk
actually Ryan had ever around ever he's
drunk it's so fun I'm gonna totally try
to watch the helicopter today here how's
our amazing crew doing today did you win
anything yesterday hey Rach how you
doing
hi
so apparently I had toilet paper hanging
out my pants the entire time when I was
walking to Ryan and mate saw it the only
person is my friend is nerd Rock
apparently I was on the bus too
nobody said it I don't even why that's
embarrassing I have no friends no
friends except nerd rock you're cool I'm
gonna sneak around this way
this is right Cody problem one do this
but I'm just gonna do it
rebel with a cause the causes I'm gonna
fly the helicopter do this for you guys
here goes nothing
gotta get closer
gotta get those shots for you guys I
gotta get the fist shots that you guys
gotta keep pushing the envelope for the
vlogs but less of falling down
bye guys Doosan hide in this little
corner so though just a it's like giant
thing
as bad as this might sound I'm kind of
glad I effed up so many of these things
before coming to walk tour because
flying this round here would just be
kind of scary and now I feel like a
professional I feel like I can fight fly
this right into a stage do like a 360 go
around the drummer and cover it back out
not gonna do it I'm just gonna keep
doing aerial shots because that's why I
wanted to do this and I want to say I
hope you guys are really liking this
because honestly this is why I bought
this freaking thing it's for this stuff
because I wanted to show you guys the
above Warped Tour I think it's like a
cool different perspective other than
just the freaking grounds
plus the freaking mountains good god
that's so beautiful
alright now I'm gonna get a little cocky
so you can fly it in here do it
well the receivers dead and I broke a
propeller so I gotta go do some little
emergency repairs worth it got a
casualty bro
I'm gonna promise you guys that I would
always try to say hi to everyone after
we play what
there was another band on stage so out
of respect I had to stop for at the
merge stamp with j-val everyone just
came over here and hanging out so if I
can't do it after the stage this is a
place where to go I'll treat it
basically respects Kaylee look at this
I'm so freaking awesome you guys can't
tell this but when I do this the camera
autofocus it's so good that it think
this is a real face
say hello everyone jenny is four nine
where's teddy I don't know dawn your
name Raleigh am I gonna be in the blog
you're in the vlog you're technically
the last one in the signing line
somebody can't read back here it's okay
I'll go through really fast I can't say
no to your beautiful faces guys I just
met Juliet more bright doppelganger it
stop the car Julianne Moore can you tell
to subscribe to my videos nice if you
love Juliet more subscribe to see the
effect that's right Julianne Moore said
to do it
hi Christy show me the sign you are now
the new one I couldn't say no so that's
one thing about me is I never want to
say no because you guys are amazing
people so I just kept wishing the ending
line back
now we
serving now the only thing between me
and my comfy cozy though bunk it's a
bunch of goop hi there she is all that
bunk was so good oh by the way look guys
it's my first polaroid with myself
anyway so I missed dinner
worth it there's a BBQ which is even
better so I'm just going to hold out for
barbecue and then get dinner and then
fall asleep then plate Tina shower and
then fall asleep I love meeting you guys
it's so much fun though it really does
pick me up it's really kind of a
positive thing specially I was kind of
having a kind of iffy day and then
totally makes me feel better
well maybe I'll take just science what
do you got buddy who's gonna take your
food thank you very much god it's hot
hahaha karma
thank God the warps BBQ just saved my
life
just save me if you guys ever wonder
what a rock-and-roll band is it's
basically eating a tub of pretzels or
the Republican horseradish on a Friday
night
that's way to try to kill me this is not
this rock and roll there they can handle
this look we got things out like a
bracelet to the paste ranch dressing
lollipops baby is how you do rock and
roll on a Friday night on a tour bus
pretzels with horseradish yeah today was
an amazing amazing day and tomorrow I'm
really excited because squiggles is
flying out she'll be on the road with me
for at least I think two days so I'm
really really really excited and I'm
going to look bad now hope you guys
enjoyed today's video don't forget to
subscribe like Julien Morissette and I
will see you guys tomorrow as always and
pomona is going to lead us out see us
tomorrow all right so I'm leaving Pomona
and they want to say good night to you
guys
you
