good morning everyone so today it's kind
of been a very frustrating day the
beginning of a day should say okay so we
already talked about a million times
about getting the the pool things were
going well we were getting things
organized everything was like okay we're
gonna do this we're gonna do this we got
everything planned out haven't showed
you guys yet but I already saw it it
looks awesome
now we are running into an issue which
might completely ruin this exciting idea
which I'm getting really bummed about
first off let me just walk you through
everything we have to get rid of this
zone of the sprinklers which obviously
does a great job watering our grass I
gotta take everything out because the
pool will be right here so they have to
rip all this out all the irrigation I
guess and then okay we already knew this
had to go I don't know it's called like
a cherry something so we were like
alright well we can get rid of this
that's not too expensive however we just
got a curve ball thrown and apparently
we have to remove this tree which is
some sort of oak because if you look I
don't know if you can see those vines
it's pretty much all over that tree
there's not a branch up there that
doesn't have vines strangling the thing
so the reason why everyone's been
suggesting getting this thing out is
because the root systems like right here
and then the root system goes right into
the potentially breaking through the
pool wall ruining the pool or another
really bad situations that we dig and we
just cut some of the roots and then all
of a sudden this thing that's already
kind of leaning into our neighbor's area
will have no root system to keep it
grounded and just topples over there or
there or possibly over there and
knocking out those transformers and
we're getting a bunch of quotes and it's
it's looking frustrating we literally
take down a tree I'm about to go get an
axe to take down this tree in this tree
yeah even though we don't want to do it
we're getting estimates of four to five
thousand dollars to take down trees and
the worst part is that only think we
might even be able to do it because that
tree so
awkwardly big and it's kind of
potentially dangerous that they have to
get like a crane usually just any just
in a towel no I'm just laughing at the
fact that you're just this at things
it's a matter of time at the problem
it's strangling it but the problem is
these trees are becoming dead trees and
if you don't get rid of it now and let's
say we put a pool and there's no way to
get the tree out then because then there
was a pool and it ruins the deck and
everything gets screwed up so if we're
gonna do a pool we have to figure out
how to get that thing out I have I think
there's another yeah it's a really bad
situation I think we have another two
guys coming today to give quotes but the
other three guys have given us very
expensive quotes getting a little
frustrated and a little nervous that we
might not go to do this but I'm still
gonna be hopeful that we can find
somebody can do it a little bit you I'm
gonna go get a chainsaw and I'm just
gonna go me and just wing it and then we
have wind-up house insurance no it's
going down you can't it can't be said
it's been so hard to kind of get going
this I've been up since 8:00 p.m. just
we had all these people coming and
checking out the house thing and the
trees all that fun boring stuff it bums
me out because I kept one thing I told
Charles is I really didn't want to get
rid of the trees like I want to keep the
tree but unfortunately we just can't do
it because the tree itself I guess isn't
alivers on the it's dying because of the
strangler figs it's dying from the
inside right now we have to get rid of
it it's kind of funny that we're
choosing to do that you know we're
looking into doing this pool because
we're finding out that this actually
could create a bigger problem so
thankfully we had this idea of doing the
pool and we had to look into getting a
person to trim the trees because now
we're kind of preventing a bigger
problem but if there was another huge
storm or something that would probably
go especially now that we knock down the
Transformers and our neighbors would be
super pissed because we were growing
their pool it would more than likely
fall onto their pool cage so honestly
it's kind of like a blessing in disguise
and suck yeah Ben Ben I don't know if I
said if they cut the roots it takes away
the stability and the trees blowing dust
the wind or Marley peeing on it
it's just gonna we're screwed no matter
what so we're trying to figure out how
to do this
I know super interesting but you know I
wanted to keep you informed on this
whole CTFxC adventure pool thing that
we're trying to get to we'll get to the
goal eventually it's not easy though we
were thinking that pumpkins that we
totally make there were awesome that I
won oh yeah the better one right I
totally did
we realized that we thought it was the
fifth sixth seventh eighth right now way
too early so we're trying to find a
protectant or sealer that might exist so
they get like lasts a little bit longer
you look for today the giver
accomplished you can't take it you weird
me out
baby we could do this okay
oh my god boy why would you even pay
this girl it's hearty white yeah so jerk
just like her pumpkin will be cool could
you get the lights in those deer already
how the scream came very pinky
we gotta get freakin away no toy
costumes oh I forgot to show them what
we got the dogs in the kitty all
matching costumes if I show them today
all again she can be a little panda bear
upon to bear it's gonna be pretty
adorable and hopefully I can get them
all the good I'm gonna cut all your hair
off and make it easy just go like that
just snip it right in the back yeah so
we're gonna do is gonna stop it right
here yep we're just gonna chop it up
right there and then we'll go to the top
you already just learned you know like
in those commercials where the hair is
all wavy it's like oh but Alice I soon
or whatever you know how they do that
there's somebody in green there's a good
no guy there's somebody on green screen
going like that and they grant like a
chroma suit and they make yeah yeah so
yeah there's like all the wind and stuff
like that there's a guy or a person and
a complete chroma see because it's I was
being the chroma key guy mm-hmm I wanted
to show you guys this is my route that I
took today when I ran it was kind of
funny those random whatever hey you
hungry little dingbat yeah okay time to
feed little dingbat I just want to kind
of address I think some people have been
concerned thinking that we like Walker
up like a little caged animal the reason
why we give Marley the entire office
which by the way she gets an entire
office to herself it's because obviously
the girls already really like her but
you know Diesel's still learning
actually the girls are still learning
sometimes they get a little pissed off
with her and since she's so tiny and she
looks like a toy I just I prefer that
she's in here when we're not around it's
because yes because you do that you like
to hit things with their little paws the
pups don't really get that yet so you
like doing that
and the dogs don't really like that so
so I always get really nervous when
she's not in here and we're at home
because I don't want anything that ever
happened to her and when we're home we
let her run around the house all the
time so she gets her exercise you're not
like a little caged animal right you
have all these toys you got blinky over
there she's definitely not an unhappy
kitten I mean you guys know you guys
know we love animals and would never put
an animal in harm I just I don't know I
just kind of felt like I needed to say
that because I did notice a few people
thinking that we mistreat her or
something like that this office is
bigger than the upstairs bedroom so
she's got a nice little room this is my
new favorite thing to do watch this hang
on you're gonna jump
alright you're hungry go get some food
okay hi go get some food ready you
spoiled little cat this is my absolute
one of my absolute favorite things about
fall and Halloween is the pumpkin seeds
I love pumpkin seeds and I don't like
buying them in the store because they're
so salty you have like two of them and
you feel like you need to shut the whole
thing of water so what I make so when I
make them I try to either we should do
the cinnamon ones we did cinnamon last
time Marley came out wow he actually
made it even though I beat you in force
and I did half court in the golf cart I
wish I had that clip I wish I had that
play I hope one of you guys find it so
I'm gonna make my setup step one melt
the butter gonna paint you paid that guy
Gary home Gary
Leroy will be Roy at the Frankenstein
Leroy F Frankenstein this one I'm gonna
get a little frisky about I'm gonna do
okay I got some apple pie spice and some
cinnamon all right a tiny bit of shove
it this will be the desert one right but
he's in like ice cream or something
cookies my mouth ally just told me about
this I didn't know it existed but
apparently it's like some sort of
underground thing in st. Petersburg it
might be another like cities as well but
it's called st. Pete rocks so this part
is in st. Pete what you do is you paint
these little black rocks however you
want however you want and then you hide
a little high don't you leave them
somewhere places I think I'm liking that
I think this my mom just told me about
it seems like a Facebook page well blah
and people will pick them up and they
can keep them or they can put them
somewhere else for someone else to find
I don't know I think it's just like
something to kind of like warm
somebody's day like it's really cool
thing that I found and then a lot of
people will take photos of it and be
like look at this rock that I found
there put it on there and it's kind of
silly but and I don't know too much
about it but my mom has gotten really
into it and so she's like why don't
people and paint them so I'm doing these
like they're gonna be monsters so I'm
starting working perfect rolling yeah so
if you're gonna say Pete yeah look maybe
we will hide a couple with you guys and
that way maybe a couple of guys from st.
pa or local in Tampa can try to find
them that might be something we can do
tomorrow that kind of that could be kind
of fun yeah you guys can find some
one-of-a-kind alley st. Pete rocks
these are st. Pete little monster rocks
by Ali West Sandburg trippy and I think
we'll probably hide a couple of them in
I mean we'll hide all of them of a place
but maybe we'll pick a couple like that
one maybe we'll let a couple people know
you gave him like thunder a unibrow it's
okay my I always wanted this locker they
gave him a unibrow I was don't know and
that guy's got some eyelashes and some
funny teeth and then that one just has
too many eyes and too many teeth but
this is actually super fun and really
kind of therapeutic as weird as it
sounds
Marly are you upset
that I didn't then paint a rock after
you I'll make you a zombie rock I'll
turn you into a zombie jerk
every night wants it talked cuz she's
always won food she's eyeing you there
girls she was she gonna attack first you
ready to run hey goober ding-dong get
your blanket mother God between diesel
you and you why do we have so many toys
oh I remember
the ctmc every tour you guys give me
some more dog toys it's so funny don't
get me wrong we really appreciate him
obviously they do too but it is funny
diesel always picks one specific toy and
this plays with it forever
and he doesn't destroy it like this one
he just nibbles it you go buddy I found
it did the same eyes as you there you go
buddy you can see how delicate it is
with that thing he loves it
