good morning Internet this poor guy is
going to jackknife his trailer so today
we have The Breakfast Club figure point
of transition I got a toy in my cereal
the book not very fun toy those the
first breakfast club that we've had to
do the whole tour I'm gonna take every
single last penny if we thinking
somebody having my safe and put it on
black Travie fire
get away from my fiancee you got
freaking super grandpa today get show
done they go party in Vegas 500 black
yeah we were talking about that on black
you know you're in Vegas slot machines
in 7-eleven thank you
we're a little too close to the airport
for comfort I don't think I'll be able
to fly of the unfortunately it was
really helping to fly the helicopter
today around the strip but these
airplanes are just like flying just
above the section of the quadcopter so I
don't think I'll be able to actually do
that that'd be bad
Charles might go to jail she does that
Josiah and I were going to the main
strip and we saw Danny and Lindsey so
we're gonna be nice friends and pick
them up
oh go go go go ah welcome to the cab hi
gosh we're about 40 minutes thanks guys
where's the roller coaster what do you
think it'll be I have no idea no idea
with a roller coaster could be it's over
there
I don't know if you guys could tell it
was like up to here the whole time so
they simply named hi one of the salmon I
don't think this thing went down onto my
shoulders so I got really scared
hookans the thing was gonna go upside
down and my neck was going like that
back in Fullerton that was
only in Vegas can decide to walk around
with publishing pain you know I got to
keep it classy than that so $9.99 bottle
of champagne no another too fancy but
I'll get the job done sure sorry CTFxC
ears everywhere
that was baddie by the way I am NOT
walking back to that bus I don't know
Josiah I'm losing it take me home how do
I get home I can't I got you go see Cody
babe you made it back alive
we did Vegas and we came back alive
hello home I got a question we were just
discussing would you rather be stuck in
the desert or the jungle
I would say the jungle jungle by the way
you guys can't tell but I dropped this
camera I already broke it I blame the
heat I have a warranty on it
find the best by getting a new one
that's pretty much why I can't find the
quadcopter all right so we go to the
Hard Rock
we got Bowling For Soup with us now
ready to drive party in the middle of
the intersection just bacon
the only kind of fun if we just came in
with our equipment and just hung it up
on the wall it's like no you want you
want this bass right here
selfies cutting a roofie
loads of the water
we have free alcohol but I had to buy
the water and I've paid $25 for three
bottles of water they just got a bottle
great news for free
Sophie was in there taking a bath it's
so tough to get a shower in here
everybody dancing
I'm too drunk and there's too much dad
literally stand-in here
Sophie's having a follower hit couple
with make is made without a shower link
there is the actual shower crap look at
Sophie you take an auto right now
the first time I felt like oh no even
though I was laying in dirty water
because like first time I felt cleaned
in a while we are going to the neon
grave guys are boneyard the thing I've
been wanting to do for like four or five
years every single time you 2 or 3 years
so we got a disbanding Buntrock Sophie
we got to get going
go so I was walking out and I just saw a
CTFxC and we're trying to get a cab and
it's impossible with this holds EDC
thing and they volunteered to take us to
the neon graveyard in time if drunk Ryan
will hurry up and I met Stacey and
Jackie and they are taking us to the
boneyard so thank you you're welcome
and you lost your phone yeah it
literally was it within 10 feet I was on
my phone on the bus and it disappeared
he's the worst man date ever yes seven
times every pocket that I can think of
is like we gotta go we're gonna miss it
I'm like okay come on let me check a
seventh time it's gonna be there thank
you so much for doing this but you get
the biggest you're yes there from here
so very very taxi we have 13 bucks where
can we go
ever here
go to the neon boneyard so freakin cool
go back to the bus we got some food from
trusty 7-eleven which is better than
most the list we've been eating and I
just want to say thank you guys so much
for watching today's video hope you guys
enjoyed it has definitely been a nice
action-packed video for rollercoasters
to the neon graveyard to a giant pool
party that was this I don't even know
what happened there the drunk Ryan I
wish I knew what happened I remember
this thumbs up for drunk Ryan right now
in the comments if you guys want more
drunk Ryan tell us in the comments and
we'll just keep feeding of alcohol
terrible idea so anyway if you guys are
brand new don't forget to click the
little subscribe button because walk
towards just now getting into the groove
of things and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always and by the way Jackie
and Stacey want to say something you
guys since they were so awesome
drunk Ryan and I are gonna go into the
brunt of the boneyard because we're late
now and anyway so the end of the video
thank you guys for not killing us
kidnapping us thank you right how do you
do two hands like that I have no idea I
have no coordination hi girls thank you
so so much Ryan yeah I'm about 13 bucks
yeah would you money go alright so we're
done with Vegas we're going to
California now
I think holy fuck all right
you
