good morning guys look what I found how
you guys doing
droid you guys find them give them water
anyway we're an Albuquerque New Mexico
this is actually the first time warp
cores ever been down way too many Hills
remember yesterday said I fell in my
skateboarding adventure to Starbucks
well in Danny's vlog he was vlogging he
didn't actually get me falling or so we
thought thanks for the amazing internet
you guys pointed out to look in the
sunglasses of Danny's face and look at
his eyes you can see me falling
I don't mind falling as long as it's on
camera there's like what I fell off that
fence which time Charles
I just noticed a lot of people tweeting
that they've been getting to Zooey
Marley toys sorry it's been looking
through Twitter and just seeing how
adorable everyone is with their toys
look at Zoey Marley on top of Zoey
Marley those like Zoey Marley traveling
the world into Zoey Marley little toys
at CTFxC merch calm and every purchase
five dollars goes to help like local
animal shelters does Zoey Marley both
shelter dogs and when you get yours
please take a photo holding them or like
modeling them or doing whatever and
tweet them at me and miss my little
girls I gotta get ready for stage down
yeah focus focus once again Koli and I
are the ones that are punctual free time
I sell this and all these little bushes
I think this could be on a rattler I
would try to catch it yeah of course I
think it'd be great for the vlog if you
got vampire rattler and we're okay
afterwards can I see you a serious
question
I got bitly asked by rattler would you
suck the poison out I know I pee on it
I don't know so we might be playing in
the rain today
or fun at the same time feel good ready
for this
why are we the desert by the way guys
this is monster sees this pour water
like John I thought a acknowledge this
the other day this is actually water
hydration is key
stay safe but we will be back soon
they want me Charles I gotta get out of
it
Oh what were you checking out the kicks
that's a good one too
2 seconds 1 2 3 3 seconds you're a nurse
hell yeah so we actually have a nurse on
stage serious stuff
Joe must always go on that's mad a
rainbow shine okay we almost got chills
really watching their 4/10 fly away
alright guys get the amphitheater be
safe there's literally a giant cluster F
right now worth it I wanted to make sure
it said hi to everyone fire rattler are
the dumbest thing we could do but I'm
interested oh boy
that's coming this way we're screwed do
you do when it's super windy it will
falls into the wind
alright then I feel like this is not
gonna work out very well for us it's
that terrible asphalt New Mexico come on
No whoa you hope it's interesting of
course it's the only show where we get
the radon right thankfully it kind of
cleared up it canceled the warp tour so
I'm gonna walk it around right now and
see if I community together
I have no idea what the 10 is everything
all right
how are you you know our tennis first
over there I heard you had some problems
down here
I heard some fans think out everything
by the way this is a valve you guys come
to the tent this is we're gonna say hi
that was like a blasphemer pathway there
Bowling For Soup you know what's really
funny in 2003 when I played my first
Warped Tour 10 years ago 11 years ago
how many years ago Kent I can't do bad
they were on that Warped Tour cool
feeling really really really humbling
feeling Eric your beta is gonna kill
himself in all honesty this is the type
of tour that really really humbles you
because you're on the same floor chata
stage with all the bands like we're all
like each one of these bands like
respects and probably our fans of each
other like I said humbling is the best
word I can think of for all the same
stage or wall friends and it's such a
cool awesome feeling for me it is at
least I mean for me it's like a dream
come true
remember guys be a fucking dragon those
brief moments where there's nobody on
the bus disquieted solitude
wait threes on the bottle all right
doesn't make it call a on the box
nothing yeah I was the staining so nice
when I was on the bus
all right you don't know what there's so
many nooks and crannies on this bus you
don't know what somebody might be well
looks like you think eventually take a
shower on the bus ooh crazy New Mexico
is really dusty no good the beautiful
sunset isn't it beautiful
it's half as beautiful to you I just
wanted to go and show you guys this it
was all rainy and now look at it
freaking gorgeous we're watching the
sunset from across the world across the
country can you hear all the hardcore
music thank you technology she's
basically watching the game with us
eating peanuts who's taking
responsibility for this
that's sweet huffy buddy you like this
oh that's good you gotta hit me ass
yeah we gotta go think now let's get the
speeds up okay start get his pizza
Travis go get pizza maybe he should
cycle and I should read wait are these
pretty sturdy I don't know I don't
really crush it should make them light
you know you should never trust Travis
today started off as an interesting day
with the rain I thought it was gonna be
kind of a crappy buggy but it turned out
to be an amazing fun day and I just want
to say good night and their dog is
perfect litter box is kind of like
here's being like ending the video it
just comes out a little cubbyhole anyway
do it nerd I said and I will see you
guys tomorrow as always 12 I think BC
Arizona so have a good night guys before
we go Albuquerque wants to say bye we
didn't die
and Albuquerque lets us take a night you
guys
you
