Beauregard Oh your LUMO today yeah
tomorrow all right
kind of rushing today that Russian but
rushing you guys thought it no we're not
rushing remember the water
we've no water fuck me they threw my
Gatorade
how are we gotta go guys
super late today they see you Danny
No so after every show this is what I
like to do go side stage say hi to
everybody I don't care how long it takes
I say hide as many people as I possibly
can kill these guys yell at me or him
till he yells at me see you guys now
there's no one there I always got to
make sure to say hi to everybody that's
like my one goal I always want to make
sure I try to do that here's the problem
I ran out of the bus so fast I don't
know where my bus is well obviously I
found the bus thank God
so good news are just talking to skwiggs
right now she's gotten the dates that
she can actually come out to Warped Tour
and so I would call her but I'd let her
tell you guys which one she can come
well
it's a work for black hole going on
right now
hey no it's actually working how are you
good how are you doing I'm gonna find my
baby I want to tell the Internet
yourself I'm recording this so you can
tell them yourself the dates you can
come out Saturday June 21st
hope you California and then Sunday June
22nd you say Park and Fincher California
that will be the days you probably can
get out there that was me today awesome
Shh everyone keeps asking so I wanted to
make sure they knew if the first guys
while I go warp tour it's always such a
cluster every single day it's same thing
same familiarities but it's always
different I think that's why I truly
like walk tour
you guys can probably tell this year we
don't have an official reason Kings like
signing so what I'm trying to do is just
walk around much as I possibly can
what's up brother
just like watch walk around as much as I
possibly can just so I can meet as many
as you guys possible if you guys want to
say hi look for Mia walking around on
the adventure to try to find catering
aka food that that's not cheerio
ready for not cheerio that's here
talking about haircut but I got from
face I feel like I'm gonna need to do
that by this list I was out with Coley I
think I would have been lost in like a
little sad puppy can't you get up early
anybody's warped or things get up you
gotta find an Irishman a true Irish man
like a no tool anything else is fake
gotta find a no tool or Sullivan oh
great that O'Grady works too
anything with an O ' work tourists it's
so funny because it's a parking lot
yeah there's these times like right now
where I can remember like classic or
like almost two years ago just sitting
down at same exact place we're just old
early it's Groundhog Day that really is
good Bill Murray some are Bill Murray
and you guys mom don't worry
who is he other favors I'll be the green
guy whose other famous character and gun
on the ground
oh sorry yeah the grab yes sure yeah
fuck he was a title fall we did it dude
he waited we wish the Buddhists the
Buddha strategy like basically like
hunter like on the elbow this is the
place that Duncan took the photo in
front of the Batman motorcycle and we
played baseball in front of the used bus
kind of good is crazy
but I woke up this morning I didn't
recognize anything now recognize they
now recognize everything just a couple
of guys hanging out backstage drinking
water hydrating that stay hydrated on
this floor
a couple of guys
there was the third there was a Wi-Fi
boy here but he left we awesome holy
shit I completely forgot about the
helicopter totally gonna fly that now
it's a little windy but I think I could
do this
good ground control approval clear I'm
clear to fly calling with a drink you're
clear it's a bit windy like carefully
grab you're going to kill yourself do it
again that'll never happen
way to win in
I got a grounded guys do it today Wendy
I don't want to lose in the crowd and
that bad luck but remind me why I'm
going to do this thankfully they've got
the first couple days I like son of a
bitch we have to charge it that was
about too risky to me
best way to get Travis to sleep at night
give them lots of sugar and then let him
go on a skateboard game face sleeps like
a baby it's been one of those really
really hot days where every time I go
outside and just turn around back and
just walk back into the bus so I'm just
kind of taking a little breather and
getting some air by using this the penny
board we love this thing it's a sign for
work for
sir you're like the sunscreen commercial
where the dog-bite babies but the copper
tones but I'm gonna where are your pants
you're on my butt anything shower yeah
you know it's a clean but clean but oh I
was riding around it's all the Domino's
guy Duncan who ordered this Duncan don't
you see those just like a 1-up just
teasing us we're not happening
yeah you won't this is a pain in the ass
again everyone say fake choking don't
thank you though James I'm gonna make
the pizzas mr. Livington pizza's dry
back get gas all right here goes nothing
fingers crossed guys
that was pretty awesome
I'm gonna try to do that every city I'm
going to try to do it a little bit
earlier next time because it's kind of
late right now so a lot of people going
left or floor
I'm going to try to do this in every
city
as long as you guys plumbing to guys
like it I think it's kind of see how
this thing works
but shower hell yeah do a shower bag
today don't we show her in public today
that was yesterday that was yesterday's
news yeah tomorrow we have a day off I
think in Santa Fe I don't know where we
go after that but I was outside all day
today so you know the windows throughout
the beach or something like that the Sun
just beats down on you speaks you extra
tired so I'm a little tired luckily I
had sunscreen
thanks to nerd rock I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video in the aerial
footage and stuff like that because like
that I'll keep doing that it would be
kind of interesting to see the sizes of
the different cities and all that fun
stuff well don't worry I'll see you guys
tomorrow as always and if you guys are
brand new to the videos hi my name is
Charles and don't forget to click that
little subscribe button so you can hang
out every single time or every single
day I should say and I will see us wrong
hold on alright in this video if tell us
what to say something
the video
you
