good morning Internet ready for a finger
of transition my new thing from your
transition the reason is because I feel
like I'm going to break my camera if I
keep high-fiving it go anywhere got it
stuck you're stuck well here we go guys
walk tour 2014 you guys ready for this
it's been two years it's been two years
since last world tour as the time has
flown by so insanely fast and I'm
thinking about all the things that's
happened in two years it's kind of crazy
what happens in just like months or
weeks and let alone two years a lot has
freaking happened good and bad that's
the beauty of our life gets hit the good
with the bad and the bad with the good
holy I think I forgot myself Theodore
there is
sup buddy we came down uh I always comes
down out you think he knows me or
recognized me warped or get that warped
or shorts on yeah do this leg is still
freaking killing me time to go to Texas
yeehaw pit stop because we know once we
get to the tour bus or exactly the pit
stop cuz once we know we can take two
take two because once again to the tour
bus there's not gonna be any food it
will give need some middle some parking
lot and it begins
like that
you talk about everyone's got the Warped
Tour face on which is pretty much this
squinting Gosling's here here he is we
got a full bus again
don't get your hair cut Duncan -
unfortunately it's mine to work toward
our cuts the work - look this is the
walk tour set so make sure you guys know
all the lyrics to all these songs look
who's back
where's your hat turn around I wanna see
this his Jedi praise God this II yeah
you'll see him all the time the next
three months two months on this tour 45
days excuse me you think you just walk
on this bus now it's the moment of truth
Danny's dude drum kit just arrived his
giant drum kit is a DeLorean for back to
the future
equipped with doors that open and closed
and obviously I'll remind you guys that
first time in Philips history hundreds
of years old they did brush solicitor
Danny
instead of that classical
this is the first time ever children
ever get chrome brushed metal cymbals so
we're the kings has the very first ones
ever of the tires these are real
DeLorean headlights are they
trailer segment or trailer
I was running along bus dad I'm not a
hot this is ready for the heat there
Drock it's like deja vu right now two
years agos we're not there Drock came
into the picture yeah better it now yeah
this is karma guys nerd rock and I are
building up our Karma for this tour one
of my biggest why why why not there's so
many of these things they so fucking
close somebody who does this and they
put it right here and they don't put it
like just right there just down there
Drock so begins the best shape actually
kind of suits you really screw it guys I
was making fun of it but I'm gonna get
it what do you think 110 scale tell me
in the comments weird rocks gonna get
this hat hey we'd be badasses
if you guys thought I was a kid oh look
at this guy nerd rock who loves his WWE
I will said WWF should wear that on
stage every single day yeah I'm nerd
rock back the fuck off I'll dude I just
copped us to this one I apologize hold
it in hold it in don't breathe
I feel like I offended myself Internet
you look sleepy or sit down all right
done all right guys we're going home we
can't do work for now I just killed our
guitar tech slash stage manager
I was playing another game guys I
obviously got the hat nerd rock did too
how long until nerd rocks had a stolen
by Travis or hunter and how long until I
lose mine this is the part I like
showing you guys you guys just like
shows you guys the chorus is showing you
guys behind the scenes of the craziness
that goes on while the bands are night
but yesterday you know how we released
the Zoey barley stuffed animal toys
where are they where was the
what we're gonna do is I wanted to do
something for charity since Zoey and
marleah both adopted from rescue like
kill shelters so what I'm doing is five
dollars of the sale of the dog toys will
go to like local animal shelters so that
way basically is rescue other awesome
dogs potentially is cool Zoey Marley
there there you stand right here
so these are on sale CTFxC mercs calm
and if you guys get them five dollars
from the sale of these things by the way
they are set so if you get one get both
of these and five dollars that the sale
goes to help animal look local shelters
they can tell shelters basically making
sure it saves more animals all right so
I got my extra pillow and put my Zoey
and Marley dolls with me so I have them
with me at all times
there we go sorry guys I love this pack
I think a little wear this all the time
so obviously you guys remember the first
day walk towards always kinda cluster
it's like organizing everything just
kind of making sure it works this is I
have one
that one
what but of course I have a good luck
bracelet and squeaks and I both wear
what I'm a way that a CTFxC made for
both of us so if I'm wearing right now
obviously
I know sappy moment you stepped music
all right middle wall I don't know what
I
feel like you're rocking that right now
maybe so do you think Danny I'm an
cabana boy never your son your son will
see this now you posted it right yeah
what's it
yes my wife Monique and I are officially
awesome
having a baby boy this November so send
all your name ideas I say Charles and
this is Danny
Travis is Travis Lutter says hunter
we'll see what comes and moves out the
victor I have a bunch of got really good
that Tigers me like Liam my my wife said
that leave the cool name Liam O'Toole
there's a killer name we're gonna have a
little tool on this tour bus yeah that's
true
yeah with an Irish man named Shelley of
course Travis had to get a hat if he's
not gonna give any type of hat he's
gotta get the biggest hat possible let
go big man with your tastes how do i
watch all day nice ass and now if you
see his head or that that's my hat okay
be an inferiority complex and you'll
accomplish I can't really hear anything
you're saying Tessa's hat like this is
the eternal struggle of musicians
we actually drop your pic in the guitar
I've got pretty good at getting out
back to work so not good a lot guys
tomorrow it's the reverse show walk tour
and really nervous because it's work
toward
I always wanted to be on as a kid when
all those tales have Gosling do it right
you know
Oh where's the championship ring by the
way your packet
yeah warp tour is the perfect to bring
that thing does the one man you got it
Yeah right now I got my little stuff
sorry Marley's I miss you so much so
they're with me right now anyway like I
said you guys don't forget to pick these
up this is gonna help to save a bunch of
doggies and don't forget to subscribe
because they're brand new and I hope you
guys enjoyed today's video and then it's
a few videos bunch of videos for walk to
work I'm sorry the chemos made me fall
asleep
I'll see us tomorrow as always don't
forget to subscribe
I guess
you
