so you want to go check it out no no
where is she you need to go hide Toby
doesn't give a
Kobe gives 0s when it comes to water if
I jump right in alright so now the
important stuff I got to make sure all
my medication is taken care of for tor
be ok there says oh can you protect her
for me
everything I say is ball to Kobe so I'm
beyond stoked right now remember months
ago we came up with the idea to Zoey and
Marley boys and I just got them
I literally just look at Marley Marley
Zoey look look look do you guys as a toy
oh my god these are so adorable that's
you know of course you're gonna try to
eat it RJ no no no I'll eat yourself
that's weird
yeah we really want to eat this so
you're eating yourself you want to eat
Marley so I'm gonna get back at Marley
you get back at Marley
hey come in so after months and months
of waiting they're finally here guys to
test these out we did a limited run I
think there's only a thousand made so if
you go to CTFxC merch calm we're gonna
do first come first serve if they
actually do really well and sell out
well consider doing more so go to CTFxC
merch calm and you can get the Zoey and
Marley toys I've been wanting to do
these since you were little puppies this
is basically for everyone who said they
wanted their own Zoey Marley we thought
this would be kind of cute that's you
Zoey you can't chew on yourself it's
just staring at those toys well I forgot
my camera at home again so I'm using the
iPhone I bet with my haircut before
warped or trying to get everything done
today it's a little bit stressful so she
was trying to go the medication
organized insurance companies are paying
the
because you got a like pre-approve I
literally had to go in with our warp
tour schedule and plane ticket to prove
that I was leaving and going on tour
for them to fill some prescriptions but
but kind of dealing with that today a
little bit stressful there your camera
tells this the hell is that and skins
falling off so my mom put the stuffed
toys on her car dashboard and I just
wanted to look I noticed this that they
put the small details one he's got the
same spot as Marley to like under her
eyes she's got the white and then three
I just noticed this so Marley's ear
actually folds down they actually sewed
it down subtle details Zoey's got the
little Brooke Shields eyebrows what I
like to call
these are so cool I'm so excited that we
did this - no those are mobs oh she's
gonna wake Eeyore's at Marley that has
the week - got the week here see right
here I'm terrible yeah
so we're going to the Rays game show me
your little dance your happy dance yeah
there it is you got your jersey here yes
I see it right there
okay just keep making sure it's right
there right right there so right there
hey hey right there
each other hey it went over you three
did you stole my number oh no because
there's a fun fact her favorite numbers
three and my favorite numbers three you
just became best friends
we just became four instantly became
best friends no
this one dance music you doesn't
want to dance
cheerful dance
it looks very Grampian Grampy vample
grumpy
that's what Grampy is looks like a
turtle doesn't look like it hurt
I pulled up you know that like the
underbite you know
that's why grandpa dress
only crazy but we do have an umbrella hi
I'm Ana Paula you have an umbrella I
knew guys I was thinking of you we have
a roller out for myself
what do we do do we wait dance party
you
go go go
teamwork you've out looking up I can't
be weak I like how you're wearing the
vans today and I'm not wearing my chucks
know what's going on there the world is
turning around
come on what I have the umbrella they
were just talking about the dance
no we gotta go to the we'll call ya okay
so yes father no longer maroon they're
not black so we go in yesterday the
Internet
she doesn't think I can get an Oreo from
them mission began to be I'll get one
notorious I got a note I got an Oreo
thank you
I won't
sneaky Bartolo can I get you an Oreo we
don't want it I don't even like Oreos it
was just a matter of just like see if I
can get it Oh
victorious blasphemous that you can't
put that you're walking around that
Jersey oh sorry
get a nice sweater though nice sweater
sorry it's alright yours
we want a pitcher not a belly itcher
foul ball but she dropped it so we'll be
up here
how would you tell people when they're
selling beer here I just found out
squiggles nor the lady next to us has
ever had dippin dots so I'm gonna buy
both of them dippin dots right now all
right so this is Gemma right
turns out she's from London and she
watches the videos so this is the first
time having this finger I'm really
excited Jim right how do you think about
the star from the ice cream right okay
your turn now okay
Oh beside you make friends with ice
cream
small world guys
see that's always gonna play sitting at
the bleachers at a race game and just
finding somebody watches the videos
completely random like that I love I
love corn Sanel happenstance oh it is
now the last night before tour so I'm
just doing some final packing and of
course wait I got to get my tiny little
things like I said guys these are
available now at CTFxC merch calm and I
just wanted to kind of take a second
because I want to say thank you to all
the people that helped make this these
literally were like two years in the
making
they have taken a lot of research a lot
of time a lot of stress and a lot of
awesome people get these things to
actually happen to be physical with my
hands I just want to say thank you to
everyone that's actually made this
happen
Jocelin basically was a person helped
design this she's an amazing amazing
artist and I just want to say thank you
specifically her because she's the one
that made the designs illustrations
actually happened
dftba kristen and alan now that you can
have your own zoe marley puppies i hope
you guys will go get your own and i just
want to say thank you thank you thank
you so much and yeah so okay so I got
one last thing for days I think it's two
more days this crap and then we're done
anyway guys make sure you go to CTFxC
merch calm and get to Zooey Marley they
come as a set by the way you don't just
get one either both come together
because all you Marley always come
together and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always don't forget to
subscribe because rand-new
specifically because Warped Tour starts
tomorrow and if you like music at all
these are going to be the videos that
you're going to want to watch because
we're going to be hanging out with
everyone for taking back sunday to New
Found Glory to possibly blink-182 this
basically it's a 20th anniversary Warped
Tour and we're going to be headlining
the mainstage so anyway don't forget to
subscribe because brand new have a great
night Cheers foodies oh yeah oh do so
