good morning Internet day 1 of the chemo
in the bag or actually in my stomach you
wanna go outside you just waiting for my
bowl of Cheerios to fall so warp tour is
in three days so the tour bus is now at
the storage unit so we got to pack up
the the gear today so I want to be doing
that later today just getting my fuel so
today we're going to try to pack the
trailer I guess the tour bus is at our
storage unit so we're going to try to
take care of that today
you know the band's trying to be more
proactive lately you know good things
this is work boy that'll be super smart
no pants or a little bit of pants more
shorts learn my lesson last work toward
board shorts need more board shorts by
the way can you guys tell a difference
between I feel like the audio is better
on this camera and the quality is a
little bit better can you guys tell a
slight difference between this day and
then yesterday feel like this cameras a
lot better till I break it I'm going to
do these high-fives oh we're going to
breaking it anyway while I'm packing I
figure this big good time so yeah I just
wanted to talk about moving on my life
it's really important because a lot of
people are giving these all squiggles a
really bad name thinking that she is the
cause of the reason for our breakup and
it's important that you guys don't you
understand that that is not the truth at
all it's just stupid rumors and the only
reason truly why I'm even bringing the
stupid stuff up again is because it's
important to me that you guys have a
clear mind when you guys do meet her cuz
she's a wonderful woman she's funny
she's hilarious
and she most importantly she makes me
happy I feel like bottom line that's
what I have to focus on I know there's
like 98% of you guys that understand
that already and this is all stupid
stuff that I'm saying over and over
again I guess this is basically the 2%
that just basically stepped on Legos
last night and still grumpy about it
it's not trying to replace anybody she's
just in my life now and you know I feel
like you guys are gonna really love her
and I just want you guys to have an open
mind and open heart and you know cuz
bottom line it is my life and I have to
live it I have to make myself happy and
I'm really really happy
right now I don't want to really ramble
a lot because I have to focus I have to
make sure I have enough underwear for
walked or and socks that's gonna be
really bad this is how it makes your
hair color try it out clever right I'm
vlogging whose R is really important to
me that you guys keep an open mind and
open heart because you know I mean
bottom line when it comes down to it is
my life and I need to live it to where
it makes myself happy and I'm really
happy right now I don't know if you guys
could tell lately I can only hope that
you guys are happy for me and us and uh
you know kind of move on next chapter
and life guys it's just very important
to me that you guys understand that she
didn't do anything wrong she wasn't the
cause of our breakup or anything like
that and that I did meet her after the
fact that we decided we were gonna be
splitting up that there was nothing
crazy or shady or anything like that no
conspiracies no silly conspiracies and
all you guys are gonna love her when
she's more comfortable in the videos
she's so funny
she's caring she'll make you guys laugh
he has a girl fall in love with her
like I said she's not trying to replace
anybody she's just trying to be herself
which is an amazing woman I mean if it
does matter I mean I kind of like her
look let's get ready for work toward
damnit over probably break the camera
doing that the why are none of these
match oh wait these match right no those
let me match how come none of my socks
match saw gremlins booked or packs and
freaking three days early that is the
new record for me a lot of high fives
today this is my opening Bills danced
what do you got buddy yeah a little bit
more great on your little face now not
every time I'm on the chemo do I get
tired but like this one I'm like tired
is gonna make everyone lift everything
I'm not gonna do anything I'll supervise
I'll be the foreman oh by the way if you
guys haven't noticed this giant freakin
pimple you're not gonna you're not gonna
like unsee it now it's like so painful
like a big ass pimple in my face stress
pimple but under stress though all right
well here's the warped won't work from
home guys checking it out getting my
traditional bed right here in the center
oh this is nice
left sitting space right here
what's up buddy holy it's hot so freakin
on did you bring your mother no I did
not
was I supposed
this is how I can expend I don't know if
he's lost it or if that's him claiming
to bid
we had electrical outlets ray up here
the old little pouches and then check
this out I don't think I showed you guys
that's yet I don't know how to turn the
lights on but we have a shower on this
bus which is important for work work
we're a bands band right here yeah we
are DIY indie where the kings goes indie
this looks like we have a like a
velociraptor in there
actually that'd be animal calls it do
you think PETA would apply to
velociraptors for they'd be like they're
only eating you because you're in their
environment good question actually Peter
I would I would hunt Velociraptor
they're dangerous I would like get them
for their skin another teeth and their
their bones no I wouldn't make purses
out it might be like these things need
to go or else some of the died Michael I
am bummed that we're leaving soon every
time I see the tour bus I get really
pumped the only mean hetero kind of
reminds me the first time I went on tour
with the red one the Demi Lovato tour
that was my first tour
all right this bus needs a name maybe
black beauty a black pearl the Pirates
of the Caribbean you know just in case
you didn't know what this thing was with
a label
stopping traffic and cops like a badass
just curb it dude I'm just curving see a
couple days I feel like you guys if you
guys ever want on tour you guys would be
able to do it because you've seen me so
many times you know exactly what the kid
who raised game I want to go to a race
game maybe we'll go tomorrow I don't
know if you guys can tell I'm a little
bit sleepy today I had to take an extra
ativan because of the chemo it's like I
have to take three of those when I'm on
it and what I do it just kind of like
wipes me out makes me a little sleepy
here so I don't know if you guys have
noticed that through the day of just
getting kind of more like Wendy's looks
like I'm about to pass out in a second
truth is I might actually do that what I
don't know what that means
what really annoying
I still got a pack what huh really
really Kobe to get I don't believe it
Kobe did you do that I don't believe
Kobe did that
I don't Marley's telling me he did
something bad I feel like you're lying
Marley oh looks like there's a storm
a-brewin it comes oh shit pepper it's
got a little fish in his mouth sorry ATD
the thunder here why do you want to go
out there it's where the thunder is
so you don't want to go out there that's
a scary place she'll protect you she
will fight the Thunder I don't know how
she'll do it not trainer and Marley just
doesn't care
good before you fill me oh yeah we'll
teach you how to play bass I'm gonna
okay okay this is what this is ice this
is how you pluck it got that put your
fingers on the different notes I know
but wait where do I which fingers go
where sir it depends whatever is more
comfortable okay let's play check yes
Juliet okay
so put your pointer finger here right
and then stroke this the a string keep
doing it go like did it it it it it it I
don't know don't sue me no dude you're
doing good come play check yes
right check yes Juliet dad I got that
done at that time
no almost almost over here yeah check
yes Juliet Donna Donna turn that down at
that time dad dad got done at that done
at dad yeah yeah Zoe's a fan like that's
ice get that out of my face
they got a shadow
I think just because she's tall she can
protect you from the Thunder there it is
doing the squiggles well it's time to go
to bed and it means I got to take 13 mil
for this crap by the way how's it
looking looking worse worse isn't it all
right here's the day - cheers guys don't
forget to subscribe to guys brand-new
and I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
have a good night
doodles bottom low
you
