hey get out here nope
good morning guys come on Marley it's
gonna be a real crappy day because you
have crap all over get it no up get up
yep
you're out the door you're getting a
bath I know you don't want it no no you
rolled in poop these are the
consequences I hope it was enjoyable
there it is and we see a little dingbat
it's not moving so don't show everybody
Oh Marley
must you always do something like that
we've had the booby trap the door so
Marley because she got in last time I
think I told you guys she let reek out
and Rinca was running around the house
when I was I was I think I was riding my
bike because she you know Marley she
knows how to open these stupid door
handles so we've had the booby trap not
booby trap
make sure that one who's been doing a
lot of bad things lately rolling in poo
letting recap are you shivering a cold
yeah in trouble
I mean kind of are but you're not in
really trouble let me go to Japan kit I
feel like a jerk you think I'm scolding
her and she's like I'm so cold
please warm me up let me blanket you up
that better nice and warm
I forgot you got a bath so you probably
got a little cold there you go all right
you're in charge so we came here just
simply to get some
and some pumpkin carving things since we
haven't really done that this year and I
just had to show you guys this mind you
it is October 16th October November
December so we still got months more
what'd you find out yeah I'm down oh by
the way so many our neighborhood
actually has this ever got to show you
guys Rose running around today I noticed
so spin for your heart
actually I don't maybe it's not the same
one
but I know from our
we've got pumpkins from so many places
and we figured that we just go this is a
perfect one look at this one that is a
perfect pumpkin is it nice all the way
the back always something and it's kind
of late
okay I'm gonna totally beat Ali this
year every year alia seems to always
beat me oh no man pumpkins going
everywhere always beats me in the
pumpkin area of our life we should try
to cut one of these carp Indies at all
things this is a good one doesn't have
the top though that one's a li that was
perfectly round oh this one now it looks
good yeah that'd be so hard to carve
though
that one okay I've always wanted to go
and like like a pickup truck or
something like that
cutest thing I've seen ever you want to
move your bodies moved crossing it it's
so dumb
gets her so - she's doing the Marly mama
bears in here
good old mama bear so funny cats have
the DOS I feel like they're very
intelligent but there's a most awkward
animal so kitten it was a small or a
baby or whatever you want to call it a
kitten obviously for a cat this is
actually kind of awkward and
embarrassing but last night last night
Hallie and I broke the bed
okay that's that's the worst way you
could have introduced that we were
sleeping and it broke in the middle of
the night yeah I know that's I know I
should have like used words differently
but yeah like last night we were just
laying down like a sleep it was like
4:00 in the morning or something like
that and all of a sudden we were to pop
and then Ali and I just kind of like
sunk into the bed and apparently we
broke the bed let's see what let me see
what happened I don't know
why I just knew it so when they put this
together they didn't do it correctly so
this is what it didn't even break it was
just this came out so I guess it's
breaking and until you broke the other
side
well we think hey dummy what's up dummy
the worst part is in the middle of the
night sometimes like because it like
we're just and it happened like 4:00 in
the morning the dog gets sneaky and they
get on the bed they don't start at the
bed and then all of a sudden they get
nice and sneaky there's another one oh
wow that was gonna break too well that's
why we ever think he's blocked so they
can't get out of the bed aku all right
let the pumpkin-carving contest 2017
begin this year I'm gonna come to cheat
because I always screw up every single
year I feel like I always screw up so
yeah this is the most challenging one
but I think it's cool one spooky
so you carve you would carve like all
this black part there's a witch's spirit
trick-or-treat that's copper he gave me
something good to eat I know I'm doing
this so I'm kind of cheating but still
you gotta go team Charles or team out no
I mean tracing isn't that art I mean
easy it's four stars
I mean it's hardest you're gonna do
spooky oh I might do one too okay so now
it's not cheating no well do we'll do
that how about that will do okay that's
deal this is my pumpkin this is Ali's
pumpkin
I could just give a temporary tattoo to
it can I do this one thing that's the
same challenging as yours you just put
that all right
yeah just wrap it around like this we
got new knives for our wedding remember
he can't go straight it's one an angle
group don't forget that every year
always remember that guys go on an angle
otherwise the guy said that's right top
it's like really it's nice it's like
really scary
yep got mine now for the fun part you
just got to go in for bed
oh by the way guys we got an update on
the whole pool situation so what we have
to do is apparently we need to think
about this we have to rezone two of our
sprinklers and quite possibly have to
like hopefully not remove one of those
smaller one thing I don't want to say
crappy tree but no the unique one that's
or not it's it's kind of like a I want
to call it a garbage tree because it
looks like kind of like like it's dying
like it's getting choked down already
hopefully we don't have to get rid of it
because we're gonna have a couple people
come check it out and see if we get this
trim it up because that would be ideal
I'd rather not cut down a tree
all right so this is what I got so far
Aled made a good point goes in and out
but I always make that mistake that you
go on the outside and you make it all
flimsy and then when you go to go to the
inside everything just falls apart so
got my eyeballs
I'll give you one last chance to choose
your team no switching after that
we are finally done that only took only
about an hour and a half I was I'm
actually too bad this is what I need you
guys to do get ready you're voting just
a second I gotta just put my lid back on
my head up dammit
my head's falling apart Oh No there it
goes a little bit downer let's get my
pumpkin going okay and the reveal this
one's mine spooky and those dailies I
like yours good I think they complement
each other really well I think these are
our best ones these are definitely the
best ones have you ever done yours is
hard so which one you like better
ooh things are getting close that light
came out really sweet I like it and
there's our awesome pumpkins kicking
some butt right now
best ones of all of super excited as you
can tell how he is extremely excited
right now it's changing the color I
think blues is the best yeah I like that
one the best
it's like a time warp I have to show you
guys before saying good night look at
this awesome meal ally made that's his
wife yeah that's why that's mine this is
mine all this is mine okay guys I hope
you enjoy please let me know in the
comments too by the way who do you think
won this year's pumpkin carving contest
what I think you did to yours was harder
they're different they're totally
different pumpkins so that's why I want
to know what you guys think just like
yesterday if you did not see the
Halloween Horror Nights CTFxC third
annual make sure to please go check it
out it was so much fun last couple yes
last couple years Ally Martha were the
ones that were ridiculous this year I
feel like Danny and I perhaps we're the
most ridiculous with our screams just go
check just being rude now I will see you
guys tomorrow don't forget to subscribe
and have a wonderful day you want to say
goodnight
Oh Oh see you guys
