good morning guys let's go home oh wait
wait I need that okay now let's go home
that would have been bad this is the
earliest call I think you've ever had
for Lobby it's for you actually it's
3:45 in the morning right now
I'm quite parched right now this
country's so hot
just these the water travis keeps
terrifying little kids
he's all skin and bones it's just all
bones I just realized my joke was not
funny I'm sorry I'm sorry you guys
remember like two years ago I met this
lady she's very nice then two years ago
she's still here still working
we're in that fan buddy
hold on cameras broken
this is fashion Airport fashion thank
you
there you go then we got Duncan's
Airport fashions this prize
what do you got all right we're gonna
get that fixed
this is literally a third checkpoint of
security that we've had to go through in
the Philippines three this is the most
I've ever had to do
never better safe than sorry no I got
operated on this flight hell yeah
honestly I've only been upgraded on the
international play like once and it was
never like this at the Gusev Paulo
removing long enough to get discovered
it
this is awesome it have no idea how
stoked on right now I'd like a little
kid in a candy store our toy store candy
store with toys or a toy store actually
better candy store with toilet or so I
feel like a toy store with candy would
be better
cause he couldn't find trapped he's
actually upstairs I'll just scoot over
sir
you live stow this is my nap pod you
named stove get over there chef
sparkling champagne
I'm gonna go enjoy life as opposed to
non-sparkling
I'm so stoked right now I'm so stoked
right now
I'm actually more comfortable doing this
they're actually using that it's like
honestly too scary
governance old first class business back
home and this may be entire playin like
sea voyages while he retrieves
undiscovered of this whole thing
I pay with that I feel like that would
be more comfortable more fair feel like
this is it don't be long I like
ridiculous
so you know what I would trade all this
if it was free Wi-Fi on international
place that is honestly the hardest thing
in international travel is finding the
internet good Wi-Fi and uploading the
blogs of time but we did it begin guys
successful international tour in missed
a high-five nailed it
by doing it right
yeah
forget it bad
yes
guilty only got away from Tokyo for four
days and I completed everything I
learned so I'm trying to remember all of
the important like excuse me
and thank you and Japanese completely
forgot it all the places I go how I
remember if I've been there or not
pretty much if the devices remember the
Wi-Fi that's how I know I've been there
anymore yes I see something for me a
good thing a beer for Hunter you give me
hunter I didn't even want a beer perfect
I don't even drink beer I just got just
the hunter because I wanted to do that
and just show you guys a pan all right
let's go back to the United States 25 25
25 s this way we'll get to the states
somehow every time at the airport this
cluster office there's no way to ever
get their lives in giant cluster yeah
it's always so funny like at the airport
they give one just crowds around and you
never know for who's in line it's really
funny like have anything you've ever
learned in elementary school was out the
door when you get on in an airport
Amerika Amerika let me see how bad your
photos and now the crucial fun part
waiting / praying that our bags and
guitar equipment get here well it looks
like Kenny found the guitars at least
success we have everything we're we're
in the land of the free home of the
McDonald's and subway and we have all
our equipment
Naina's got the guitars we've got the
what a break get something to get here I
get arrested immediately for like
filming or something like that so I'm
gonna turn this camera off so Danny and
eyes look keeps getting better and
better
we just got tagged for additional
screening we have basically put in a
separate room that was fun
and yell that for filming it's like I
put the template and the day is getting
better and there's how to get a pat-down
- oh man were they coming out for me
today
well and I almost just left the camera
in security I was halfway to be now time
to get back to the gate
this is turning into a nightmare almost
home Charles almost home Zoe Marlee
downstairs running a little late right
lane like why are you walking down away
I'm sorry I'm just trying to use a
splitter stairs so I get a little heated
out you know with that gentleman right
am I wrong on that one
I mean second yoga prime example kind of
example is he give me a face back in the
back I like using Ursula later this
exercise literally feel faster so then I
was talking about my day Danny's having
exponentially worse day he got home
would you get the X on that border I had
an extra passport screening like like
the guy who looks at me like custody and
the only reason why he did that it was
because I accidently pulled him through
it was like yeah he's with me Pelican
case yeah well you to get the fight
would get that guy in escalator at least
I don't want to be all negative that
last lady was sitting right here
and she moved cuz she saw that I was
sitting on this thing and she literally
got up moves cuz she she felt so bad so
nice people in the world now I'm
literally shopping for a beard I can't
want to say strimmer trimmer I'm looking
for beard trimmers no cuz by a beard
trimmer I'm broken my seat place I think
going to the Philippines he says why I
haven't been able to shave so fun stuff
that's what I'm actually looking for as
a shaver first thing I do when I get
home
shaping my freakin beard like flies
Danny and I get stucked in an
electronics store we did it airplanes or
that like we yeah well it's like a cube
I say it you out
and I'm offending a lot of people right
now all right
wait that's not working okay stop bro I
do it tradition dude if they don't see
you for a while that was a bad choice
hey welcome home guys thank you for
picking me up
all right guys to be honest I probably
won't be filming much right now I'm
going to probably pass out so I will see
you guys tomorrow as always hope you
guys enjoy today's trip of craziness I
hope you guys enjoyed the tour of
Awesomeness and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always work towards coming
up have a great night guys don't forget
to subscribe you guys are brand new
you
