good morning guys I have to go for round
two it's flames yeah that's a way to
wake up
flaming eggs foot massages back massages
french toast can't beat it so the Wi-Fi
was pointing the other direction it was
over there so we've been doing this help
me at all
world's slowest elevator so today is the
last show of this international tour and
then we go home for three or four days
and then warp tour so make sure you're
subscribed to this channel if you're
just randomly watching this video it's
gonna get crazy especially I'm warped or
it's always crazy I'm warped or shut up
it's fine and always will be there is
there I was just saying how we were
beautifully organized like nobody trips
in the middle of the night so every time
we leave a hotel I always want to be the
rugged guy the rock star rock star
destroying a hotel this is the much that
can really do feel okay about it there
we go there we go
Rockstar right there now it actually
kind of looks cool good look better take
a designer Charles you know he took it
off and smash it over your head you'd be
a real rock star do it how do you think
this will cost us
good point and all of them good internet
maybe a dickhead move think we're on the
right track guys I think we found it and
that's that's us and that's us
and that's us our security
hello other guy so who's protecting who
you're protecting me
our Caesar protect me protect him check
out the SkyDome nice it literally is the
dome hello
okay don't wave nothing what's away
that's cool
whatever it's like a planetarium does it
do to sleep how's the duck doing buddy
feeling okay loud show we're having an
issue with the piano it's like a half
step down right now
Nana is machine who will win Skynet is
upon us
so I we just need to have a grand piano
on stage be like hey yeah I got someone
here was sweet you guys it's my friend
relax you got it like Vicki go oh I
don't want to touch it it reeks that
thing of reeks and I've always listened
to Coley like soundchecking just relax
this tour has been so insane pretty
event I mean don't get me wrong I love
touring but you know there's that moment
where you just kind of water the CTFxC
all over the world sometimes I get that
you know sometimes forget that there's
CTFxC ders
all over the place in every country in
the world that's sad forget what I'm
trying to say is like the magnitude of
how amazing and big that is doesn't
quite hit me until I go to the country
and I meet you guys and also I hope you
guys have enjoyed basically traveling
all over the world with us because it's
like you guys are traveling with me you
guys are in these seats like right here
you guys are all these seats
this is kind of crazy I didn't know what
the capacity of this but like if we were
to put all the CTFxC ears we probably
need like a thousand of these venues
so it's like you guys are coming and
traveling with me right now and I love
that it's such a cool feeling to be able
to share this with you guys and I hope
you guys have been enjoying these videos
because you know work towards coming up
more traveling more tour new adventure
in life who doesn't like adventure just
proves you're not a prude right CTFxC
isn't a bunch of prudes is the song kol
ero for boys the men
all right this is how much I've marked
it already we're gonna see how much I
marked at the end of this thing and
after whoever my guys well he gets this
time for Showtime this is sounds like it
time to suit up the gear
this looks worse than it probably is
okay you got a little boo-boo
hang a little boom-booms want to clean
it out before I get on the dirty there's
literally three medics for that little
thing all right so this is Carl if you
guys have ever wondered who designed all
these shirts there's pretty much this
guy right here like all the CTFxC shirts
I'd say about 80% of the shirts right it
was this guy right here
so was your Twitter again give to them
it's like CTFxC daily or stuff like that
right he's the one who did all the the
gifts or gifs to it was this man right
here every lyric video pretty much the
wings are at albemarle and charles march
right yeah pretty much all those designs
like 80% of my t-shirts and designs the
man the myth the legend go for yourself
yeah you did that with Hunter that was
his idea but didn't you do it he did
that one too collaboration
if this sticks yeah did your gay fish
genius
Travis ate fish sticks
to LA we all see the South Park episode
we don't have that amazing show of
Manila I got I want to say thank you to
these two gentlemen for basically saving
us the entire time you brought us here
you brought us here burden all right
no seriously I want to say thank you to
these awesome guys you got someone's
shirt though ready they're already
pissing off people in all seriousness
these guys killed it thank you guys
killed it thank you so much and in my
little bodyguard over there too
killed it all right guys well Asia is
now in the bag time to go back home so
United States and I'm holding the
elevator for my buddies been an amazing
amazing tour hope you guys have enjoyed
kind of coming along with us it's been
so amazing though the past like three
weeks subscribe
how long have we been out to work I
think well they were losing my reliance
weeks 10 weeks all right now in the room
so I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
the store has been absolutely amazing
all you guys I've met wall on the store
it's been crazy hope you guys have
enjoyed this and I hope to see you guys
a Warped Tour have a great night
actually before I go I want you guys to
tell me in the comments your favorite
part of the store was it Tokyo was it
the slam-dunk festival was it here in
the Philippines
I'll just tell me in the comments and
just share share memories cuz a lot of
the times like what happens when I do
this I go back and read them and I
completely forgot before I go to end
this whole Asia tour hold on you had a
mouth on you so the tour is over
hope you guys had fun and before I go
the Philippines is gonna end the tour
right now
you
