good morning guys here we go again this
time we're going to the Philippines so
it ro I'm sure this is a good idea got
this all the passports got it got it
buddy
got this what are these called just like
schedule things for the planes the old
tickers I love these things these are
like about 35 millimeter films for me
they're just so soothing was that
soothing so we just got to the airport
and these two lovely girls did not even
sleep they camped out at the airport the
entire time
hardcore we look tired they don't here
we go if we do this premiere check-in
somehow
way to go trap what do you mean somehow
we all know who did this okay that was
badass
the TSA or whatever they are here and uh
where am I again we're fans are we the
king so they just let it go let us go by
through those at a sign that we made it
we know TSA just lets us go through
without security
no I can get that overhead space that's
comfortable seat well I had a
comfortable seat oh I'm gonna go all the
way back buddy all the way hasn't seen
work all the way back
funny doctor the other city behind me I
felt customers think I don't know all
the answers
airlock is literally slipping the
answers to me I literally feel like I'm
in school you know we're the cheating
right now it's custom first thing I do
whatever country I land airport island
pop open the phone and see if they have
free Wi-Fi at the airport it's kind of
funny every country other than the
United States has free Wi-Fi in the
airports some airports in the states
have it but a majority of the ones in
other countries free Wi-Fi
why should be or here in the Philippines
and they're banning me right now
literally it is freaking hot all right
take a photo money shot like this we're
getting the star treatment
it's bypassing everything didn't go
through anything
oh I get that none of these guys there's
a little robust things and all over the
call they have a specific name these
things way too many people in that thing
that's falling out internet bring a book
or peeing
this blog by going to hunter see you I
see daddy pig Charles
Thanks cool going to look at this as I'm
saying that oh my gosh found us or like
follow that car we have made it to
Philippines at our motel you just take
this to your room sir don't want my
shirt says bu I'm tired
embarrassing ourselves well if you can't
beat them join them
it definitely can't be Travis he's more
stubborn than I am Taurus fist bump it's
like a local fruit juice
amazing what is this called this trick
clemency clemency juice
I wonder if the ice is what's gonna get
a sick I'm breaking rule number one guys
of traveling this is a nice little room
this is what yeah I got a whole wrong
floor and I have no friends to tell me
Charles get back on the elevator I got
no friends guys such a fancy hotel if
you're not sure you're all the ladies
you have Jersey I've seen three roosters
tied to a scooter three of them thank
God that somebody else saw it otherwise
I thought I was just imagining I think
that's an everyday thing man there we go
all right well we can go we're talking
about the first music videos and Koli is
talking about a music video about the
Allman Brothers they're like it's at
this abandoned bar they're uncovering
things and it turns out that was my
dad's for our music video a small world
that a while the return of nerd rock
vision oh my god they're so good and
they're so cheap yes one day all right
more fun with we decades later when we
come back but for now I don't know I
think I'm thinking about like my hat
chill number one in the can now is going
over to this one they'll show number two
TV magic Nate our bodyguard and that's
promised I will be joined by our very
special guest for today please give it
up for American pop punk bad weed again
this is the footage people really want
to see just me stared into a camera
this is Charles's camera got a better
little set teleprompter go yourself San
Diego where is this though the dog on
the table
hey guys who is he welding is welding
without a mask more talks on the road
really eye-opening experience right now
is it Philippines like our first role
from the third whoa
or is it like a second world what is the
second poor country
I think there's such thing as a
celebratory dinner what are these called
chili oil take that was about bonito I
need to Bonita drizzle up some of that
on there
flipped under this rocket and this fresh
sprout mmm
put more if you like and you roll it up
like a three roll these like the Italian
spring roll oh my God look at that
that's a beautiful like cheesecake you
hoarding it over there buddy
take that lemon ice all right guys if
you ever the Philippines and find this
place you know this is amazing and tell
them we the king sent you amazing we
just modeled out of here we're so full
all right I feel so miserable because of
so I've never ate so much we're just
getting ready for Warped Tour and all
that fun stuff not being on eat for a
long time all right guys well it's
actually dating what time is it it is
9:30 market I've officially hit old man
status now I think the jetlag has
finally hit me in the face I'm gonna go
to bed now guys hope you enjoyed today's
videos tomorrows more Philippines and
then the next day is actually the show
if you guys have not already make sure
to click the subscribe button so you can
watch every single day and just keep
traveling the world with me it'll be
kind of fun you know it's kind of fun
meeting all you guys so I'll see you
guys tomorrow Zoe's doodles 9:30 oh my
god I feel like I should at least wait
you
