apparently Duncan is getting a giant
back tattoo in the hotel so I'm gonna go
check it out
cue intro so if you're wondering where
on his body he can actually do a tattoo
there's only a small little part on
Duncan that he has free back okay well
that's me awesome here's a fun little
fact duncan hates tattoos I know it's
kind of funny right
ya know I've wanted to do this for a
minute I'm pretty excited and you
started here dude
step one I am what I am I think I do the
hotel scene school kids I brother a
little bit Oh
time to get some sleep cause tomorrow's
gonna be kind of crazy what is my room I
do this all the time so we're gonna
Universal Studios Singapore see this
reveal I became an awesome dude you know
big we found Travis
- really you guys did not know Kohli
wrote the new single for boys boys the
men called Diamond Eyes he just leaves
with the Kings make it look you get
Travis alright there was responsible for
Travis is not gonna have fun that looks
beautiful
just get it BAM that says exit only
we're supposed to be doing this Oh John
high-five each other up give five Norton
this is perfect example never growing up
what do you do when you put a bunch of
30 year olds at Universal and give them
div Pass Victor saw like like 10 year
olds 800 junior there's a kid who by 10
who is behaving better than we were
prepare for your brain to explode Annie
that why Rome yeah movie from the 90s
yeah I love Waterworld internet fight in
the comments Waterworld good movie or
bad movie
best movie ever the elevator ride you
can do this coaster yeah I should let me
sleep sweet ride talk about something
like roller coasters Terry there's like
two foyer oh so again I don't like
things I can't control my Clark yeah
every morning like these silly just turn
it on they turn it on every morning they
tested 15 times and then on the 15 times
it doesn't break
I'd ride it
by Duncan very cool put your head in
there I'm the kind of guy that like
freak sex I think it will close though
like this tattoo for ten hours straight
I can't put my head you'll put your head
in there we're risking the cameras for
the vlog guys I'm not supposed to be
filming but I'm gonna try to do it
anyway like always but we're Poncho's
this time starting new fashion trends
this before let's see who's gonna be the
wettest no but don't run this camera
literally lose the first time I've never
been caught filming something on a
roller coaster first time ever
high-five so if you guessed me is
getting the most wet you sir ma'am what
correct well that was a lot of fun I
gotta say thank you to Universal Studios
for allowing we the kings to wreak havoc
and allowing us to have our inner child
come out a little bit from all that
stress that we've been having from just
traveling a lot it's nice to just kind
of release you only mean because
traveling it's a lot of fun but it does
take a toll on you so it's really really
nice to just go and have fun and just
let our inner child is come out we're
eating chilies in Singapore and one of
my first jobs before being a musician
was I worked in a Chili's
I don't know that's Irie or just awesome
full circle buddy on the other side of
the world kind of cool probably the
dreams guys be that fucking dragon
holy crap the internet is slow clapping
right now
fuck yeah hi Kim hi fan I started
laughing shockwave dude is Dani dropped
his camera and she was going around my
leg there's this foot camera under your
foot and you're just happening you're
smashing my camera take two on the real
everybody likes this yeah I think about
raw chicken it's one of those snow bus
thoughts it's fine okay texture so weird
oh so much love going on right now don't
need to skip and then you have to do it
no no it's following this young meet the
seed out here and then you've got to
lick the fingers and finish it all up
yeah I want to leave Singapore
immediately have some hey I'll do it
right here yeah YUM I don't know oh you
hiding in the corners you'll try it so
good so good so good worst thing I've
ever had my turn what's the Queen purple
is that good though yes these little
flower things actually tell you how many
seats are inside really here try one
that's good that's good so I hands soap
smells so bad right now
just the air about every of what I know
get rid of this stuff boy too big that
go on the waterslide I'm not letting
them to say no anymore I'm just going
down it yo man I just took out a little
kick but today has been kind of a crazy
day and I kind of just want to relax and
listen to an audio book I have so I'm
listening to some that I loaded from
audible.com you know one of the CTFxC
sponsors and if you guys didn't know
already audible.com slash CTFxC if you
go sign up you can actually get a free
audiobook I've been doing it for a long
time I've actually been downloading a
lot of comedy ones like Jim Gaffigan Jon
Stewart Stephen Colbert actually the
John Green books actually downloaded the
audiobooks it's great for tour in the
airplane I've already told you guys they
are a sponsor of the CTFxC and they hook
you guys up so if you guys want an audio
book it sounds kind of nerdy which it is
but it's awesome dirty stuff so you can
drive or just nerd out so go to
audible.com/scishow book and it actually
if you guys go there find an audio book
that you think I'll like and tell me in
the comments and I'll download that one
next well I'm going to go to bed is a
long freakin amazing day today did a lot
of things that I've never done before
just kind of listening to my little
audio book and relaxing the guys went
out partying and now since I don't drink
and stuff like that it's not really my
kind of thing to do anymore I just like
chilling because tomorrow's show is
going to be pretty intense I'm looking
forward to it you know my first show
ever to Singapore I briefly talked about
it earlier there feel like I'm yelling I
briefly talked about it earlier you know
it's like one of those things you don't
be a dragon if you have a dream do it
just one of those things today I never
thought in a million years but I first
started learning how to play bass that I
would eventually be on the other side of
the world playing bass in a country that
I never thought I'd visit you know what
I mean this is really cool it's a cool
feeling so I'll see you guys tomorrow as
always don't forget to subscribe he has
a brand new have a great night
you
