that good morning guys
let's go to Singapore hey fill in there
bud it's very rare that you tori
managing today to have the biggest white
nerd rock your magazine please take this
off my hand
Oh shall we what we're not supposed to
do no doc I need a demonstration guys
don't do the sexy pose don't do the
flirtation pose good morning you two
gotta get all the gum in I can now
before we get arrested
the Singapore or is it Philippines
Singapore you're not I'll have bubblegum
it's illegal Tokyo Airport now the goal
is to get all this on an airplane going
to the southern hemisphere can we do it
for a brief moment I thought I was in
London don't know why colors like oh
you're in London huh know what's going
on it's okay look at Nate the man doing
both of them let's hope this is not a
bigger the cluster F than air Malaysia
flight I had to put $15,000 no joke on
my credit card they charged us $15,000
to fly with this equipment so hopefully
we don't have to counter that crap again
the joys of flying
so is so confusing because we have to
always figure out which bag is heavier
and then for example this really
reliance you just put everything on one
giant scale versus other ones it's
individual it's all right now Duncan is
trying to do something angling okay we
are 101 kilos over whatever that means
in pounds no no no I don't know no you
guys ever wondered what goes on in the
x-ray machine let's find out
so apparently that's what goes on in
those x-rays now you know it seems like
every time we fly our gate is always the
blast gate in the entire airport yes yes
amazing place
that's right they actually upgrade yeah
do it spread a social experiment sir
please go to the back of the plane you
think that's something in flying to keep
you sorry I don't speak English see you
for you take a poor Taiwanese is the
first time
I want to watch Robocop mom mom mom dude
sweet Disney's Winnie the Pooh awesome
nice tired
I got stuck next to these assholes you
have arrived
at the back of the plane so this'll take
probably an hour and a half to get off
well we have made it to Singapore the
cornered is now deaf yeah
poor nerd can't catch a break I think I
asked this earlier what is the main
language that they speak in Singapore
and I think it's going to be English and
then I think I looked up it was like
Chinese in English so we'll find out it
could be an interesting trip are you in
there sir
keep your mouth Oh shaking a lot oh this
is also a legal do you think you SIG's
it look at the ecigs and dumb hey this
is going this is going to jail rebel
without a cause Kenny that go get
anything come I got some trash
those are some big asses big asses sir
are you chewing gum - yeah man I don't
listen wall I make my own law I want to
stop chewing we go through that
immigration alright so we just got the
Singapore and it was really cute because
we saw a bunch of Lee the Kings fans and
some CPF ex years all at the other side
of the other side of Singapore so we're
gonna go say hi right now there they are
I don't if you can see them they're
waving hi guys hi how are you guys
all right see you guys at the show
Duncan wait I don't know where I'm going
in Singapore alright say bye guys I'm
gonna be honest right now I totally feel
a lot cooler right now when we have a
little gang behind us going into
Singapore don't feel cool feel really
awesome right now bye guys
that's how you enter a country come on
Nate
Nate's been having fun on the plane its
mate she's gonna keep she's gonna keep
us safe and Singapore within hi are you
guys they're gonna keep us safe from
people like Kohli hey no you need people
like me to keep you safe sure no it's so
hot here we're trying to see how many
laws we broke already Nate broke two of
them you broke three of them already all
right dig it I could take this quick I
need a penny we just got to our hotel
rooms and you guys gotta see this just I
feel like Kings right now ah anyone
kings this is beautiful
holy all right Singapore so they
gave us a little mobile hotspot I'm
literally just gonna tape it to my Wi-Fi
tattoo I know
nerdy nerdy moment is that a dolly yeah
oh that makes sense we're doing tired I
feel tranquil so makes you feel somber
voice may be careful is doing so close
it'd be super careful with this being so
close
oh look there's the chili
this is awesome
monorail monorail every time I'd get on
one of these I have to see The Simpsons
monorail there's almost like a buffet of
nice awesome fresh food it's so good
right now
cheese please he's like the freshest
food I've ever seen my entire life
entire life so I stole a piece of red
like a lab right hand again I'm going
for it going all-in going on in guys
going for the mixed heart fresh pasta
fresh tart
watermelon lemonade and homemade pasta
or pesto
I'm dizzy now so is our first time
Singapore going back to the hotel and
getting some rest
tomorrow we're going to Universal
Studios in Singapore which is pretty
crazy
considering we have one of those at home
to go all the way on the others
literally on the other side of the world
to go do the same thing is going to be
kind of interesting because I want to
see how they do it to be different or
not there's the most adorable thing ever
she's wearing her mom's shoes first
night in Singapore it's pretty freaking
awesome tomorrow we're going to
Universal Studios I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video and if you guys
have any cool ideas to do while we're in
Singapore please let me know one thing I
really want to try is it's like the
stinky fruit over here I'm gonna put
this I gotta put this on I feel like I'm
gonna lose just like that Duncan and I
are gonna try to do is like that stinky
fruit I think it's called Dereham it's
like the stinkies fruit ever it smells
like I don't even know but I'm gonna try
to do that for the vlogs but if you guys
have any other ideas I've never been
here ever tell me in the comments and
I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
also if you didn't watch yesterday's
video with selfies with strangers it's
right here on the screen obviously click
there go check it out hope you guys
enjoy it
alright bye guys doodles
you
