good morning everyone and when I say
good morning I really mean good morning
we are at the truck stop on our way to
Tokyo we had to take a little pit stop
because everyone was getting a little
antsy and I had to pee everything in
Japan smells like fish in candy
so funny thing cos zombies just part of
you could be in the walking dead there's
enough like carnage and food everywhere
more prawn lobster so I'm trying to edit
the video and upload it while I'm doing
this and the funny thing is I can tell
how well like long I've been asleep I
keep not like nodding off one more hour
fucking kill me hey uncle well we have
finally made it to another hotel a nice
look there but right that's like going
for the punch somebody I'm gonna hurl my
body before I get in that van again I'm
gonna take the plastic forks and knives
out alright guys I'll see you in a cut I
feel like the evil genius right here
with this kind of an elevator
boss we got three hours today three
hours to Tokyo seumas got the Wi-Fi
Wi-Fi everywhere so today's gonna be a
special day I'm actually shooting a
video on the Charles Trippy channel
called selfies with strangers so if
you're not subscribe to that channel
whether you do I concise Charles Trippy
on the screen we're down there in the
description you wanna do it too
let me kind of like this gotta go dad
go subscribe to that channel and that'll
be up hopefully when this vlogs that
another rest stop having so much fun
with his finger Japanese before just so
friendly he didn't want to make sure
there's no position there's always the
fish and everything but cookies there
was fish in that what I yesterday I
don't know this is exactly what I got I
thought was a cheese danish
nerd rocky that I'll buy it for I feed
it off limit the temps me attempts me so
much totally just used it success mom
mom what you got there buddy fries
there's a picture owes a french fries
you wouldn't want to try one I don't
know what the causes are think I'm
literally be fish we keep getting
tricked everything has fish no to NATO
get a preview of the video right now so
far they're laughing ready go through
the crosswalk the big ass intersection
and we got to get some more videos for
the selfies with strangers and we need
to go to Starbucks and Starbucks
part of our daily routine at Starbucks I
definitely hope you guys enjoy this
video
Trav's helping me do this right now cuz
I'm not really supposed to walk around
by myself
glad I'm walking with you like just look
for your red hair
like blowing on his girlfriend like they
were just walking like casually anything
he was doing so many people they were
run out into the middle of the
intersection and Travis is gonna try to
get a photo see if we can do this okay
there's like we're Japanese I don't know
if this works let's just cut to the
photo
we're in this busy intersection many
people cross the day
we just met three ckx years that is what
you call small world
yeah I have no idea what's going on here
hi
watch this guy literally genuine just
look at Travis I was like what's he
saying
I like people if we get a better
intersection view point now this video
is hard to make good god good God look
at that go trav we just checked that off
our bucket list there buddy check it off
what was the street name though
the big intersection so we must have
seen DMX ears sternum Dean Dean Amy and
you guys what's the name of that place
where we just were okay so now fuck
that's what's called check that off now
officially every time we get into the
Sun and I stand for three seconds they
start burning guys did you know we're
playing Warped Tour you matter can come
we will do that lay down what does that
show
all right hey show a last show in Tokyo
last show in Tokyo and then we go to
Singapore and more like the Philippines
in beams dad keeps buying more and more
sodas oh baby cold there's getting
warmer and warmer that's a bad thing
about Asia and Europe everything is warm
so that's like honestly the worst thing
for me is like warm drinks
you guys sound amazing
I think the air conditioning is broken
they said they'd fix it or put fans in
here so Danny just left her refrigerator
how about how like that's gonna do what
you think it's gotta get colder than 90
degrees so we have to take our shoes off
all right Internet remember this is why
they don't remember oh boy
apparently we ordered a horse we got
horse yep guys go just keep your pants
on please it is they see fish in a chip
it's more joking about like earlier
today - all right so that's the horse
all right I'm in Japan this is all
proved all right eating horse I would
apologize to the Internet and I
apologize they made me do it
peer pressure
there you go we've been practicing since
the first time we're gonna kicked out
that's a twofer one had to try it guys
we're in another country you just have
to try the local stuff shirts coming off
Haven using the shot glasses anymore I
really did not expect did not expect
that yeah I just got forced to eating
sea urchin so I just ate sea urchin now
I'm checking out the squid quality watch
try the squid octopus soy sauce yeah oh
that's gonna make it better of course
the soy sauce is gonna cover up the fact
that I'm eating it look at you can see
the suction cups well when in Japan
thank you Thank You Internet my breath
smells really bad now
the video selfies with strangers is now
live on the Charles Trippy account I
filmed it all day today I think I almost
got punched like we once or twice yeah
so I got to go to bed because tomorrow
early we are heading to Singapore for a
show so I'm getting some water right now
so don't forget to watch the video if
you guys are brand new to this channel
don't forget to click the subscribe
button and I hope you guys enjoyed that
video
so I bye dude I have some friends I want
to say good night to guys from Japan
you
