that would have time for a proper
morning hi guys time for breakfast I
only did not expect Japan to be this hot
so I bought I popped way too many pants
not enough shorts for breakfast they've
ever said to me
it's cannon from Japan by the way nice
this can't for Japan I want to go to the
cannon Factory
you guys see this breakfast it's a
couple in Central bread and bread what
is hmm
maybe you don't put enough jelly on this
thing it won't taste like a like a
pastry no one wants to sit next to the
phrase you got talking to a camera yes
you have this possess a reserved think
that's why the one sitting next to me or
it could be that I'm just freaking weird
Internet - it looks scary what I
classify as scary I'm scared I think I'm
already a friendly looking person I'm a
good friend I'm gonna bring Danny a
muffin it's actually pretty good feeling
a little bit of sugar in it of course it
does Japan has sugar at everything
the water has sugar how much like wonder
if I look scary wrong room what room was
I in Danny oh that's right
it was level freakin seven at the last
hotel we're at five now Danny and I are
very curious and no one around speaks
English what is this thing
aliens aliens who's dead who's mushi
so we want to walk down to this globe
that's even find food I have interesting
news for those who know me yesterday I
ate shrimp unknowingly I had a rap from
Starbucks and apparently the last
ingredient was shrimp and Danny just
made it aware that I ate it I think I
almost exploded so look like it's a
Museum of sorts nice okay I know this
place I've been told by pretty much
everyone that the circle K's in
7-elevens they have to come here because
they're just so awesome and unique
because this a chocolate penises dude I
got this coolest thing ever no not a
robot unfortunately yeah I'm gonna get
crunk alright so I wish I was filming
that when I went to Circle K I bought a
bunch of candy and then the lady was
like come here clear I'm like what's
going on
pear Lake isn't so hot they give you
fans if you have enough candy let's see
if I can give this away but Jake hated
to give this anyway
kidding get away
he took it the guy goes what's up he's
like up god I'll take that being fan and
then the truck stops here are so frickin
awesome this is what's called practical
it's even when I walk to her head they
show you about that shirt I don't think
we showed up that I sure yet it's where
the coolest is he holding it like this
holding it like a hot dog those goes
back to the whole thing to where I
thought it was scary
am i scary I guess I get scary sample
one is great trap you can actually get
one that's actually a good keyboard yeah
I'm sure I'd be able to you can switch
that still have not figure out what the
damn trash cans and but it's
everything's so clean but there's no
trash cans anywhere everyone just takes
their trash home go ahead give me your
trash all right oh my god if there is a
movie theater we're gonna go see
Godzilla sound like something you don't
stay like in Japan although I don't
think you'd be scared I think we're just
ass like eight is what about Godzilla
big guy no that's it
but if you're like the awesome watch
Godzilla Japan though baby they don't
actually show it it's like banned from
the country band or like we go in and
we're the only people on their butts
nobody wants
because it's based on true stands if it
was really this Drive and I just saw
Wi-Fi boy tattoo rings you know how
Danny it doesn't want me to be a Wi-Fi
boy there's literally only two rings to
piss them off so evolved we could just
go in front of me like with our powers
combined we are Apple ones pretty badass
though that's I like that one this out
this is what the vlog has become really
hilarious when they circle full full
circle like this talking about predator
for like three days almost our best
predator I want to find a cheesy very
typical Japanese comic store toy roll
you think that's it this says nothing
but crazy Japanese toys I was thinking
of that cure trap I got a good idea
looked on Google Maps and thought that
would be good but if you lose a shoe oh
there it is of course everything comes
up in Japanese so that doesn't help me
at all that's the first place up I'm not
wearing a helmet
I know usually they were at home it's
here even if they're in cars what's your
name yeah Jerry this is URI just made
this the tickets to the toy shop tour
shop
I don't know I don't know you got to
take us there first okay then we'll talk
about that Danny yes hey I know
president I saw where she go how she do
that
can you is it like you buy one two three
four five of us four of them and it
makes that much money or it's like you
buy three of them and it's like that
much money language barrier and each
sneeze song she yep we know that much
how much for five I think I'm trying to
figure out like if is it like a deal if
you buy like five of them is that like a
translator move no do you get a deal if
you buy more than one right the same
price one same price that's a great app
what app is that oh he's not gonna be
able to tell you here's my only quarrel
with Japan is that everything is so
smoky everyone smokes so much it's only
quarrel I actually have you guys want to
see the little gifts and toys but I got
so I don't know what these toys are what
these are what I got all right so this
is a unique little bathroom toilet sink
above it how do you turn the sink on
oh well why you flush and in the water
one package the toilet index not to
watch your hands
oh that's not to watch your hands the
fuck this is so engrossed not natural to
me since we are all still screwed up on
our sleeping schedule Massa is taking us
to the van so we can sleep in the van
before the show thank you buddy
I'll get this side thinking the floor
yeah hashtag rock and roll guys I don't
know if that was a good thing or a bad
thing
anyway so the show is over was packing
up so I can go to Tokyo for the final
show of Japan the Tokyo final show I and
I just talked to Melissa she sent some
video from Zoey Marly so I'm gonna cut
to that really quick cuz I know you guys
were missing them as much as I have to
I'll give you some attention here so
good answer are you doing dunk there's
one thing about the Japanese elevators
is they don't give up there's one top
your leg right off for now alright guys
well we got to go for a three or
four-hour drive now so I'm just gonna
pass out in the van it's not gonna be
very interesting at all so I just wanted
to say goodbye good night to Osaka Japan
it was really really fun there's a
badass car coming right now also in all
honesty I hope you guys been enjoying
these tour videos because you know it's
one of those things where this is part
of my life and I love touring I love
playing music and I love meeting you
guys and I hope you guys are enjoying
this this part of my life and sharing it
with you guys because it's truly truly
makes me happy so hope you guys enjoy
this I'll see you guys tomorrow as
always don't forget to subscribe if you
guys are brand new because we're going
to Singapore for the first time in the
Philippines for the first time so
everyone's taking I throw soccer thank
you good night guys
