I don't know if you guys remember last
year this is another tradition that we
like to do there's one other tradition
that we would have to do before we
forget going through an old cornfield
mores cornfield like Hunter farms it's
kind of funny this is becoming a
traditional Valley and I but honestly
it's been a tradition with my family
since I can remember I've been coming
here and we brought Alex you trippy now
so she's young
you came here to when you're wrong yeah
I want a pretty new each other know each
other
my name is Lee Crescenta pumpkins and
take photos and they needed photo think
I don't know why I did and so I would
cry and it's all our photos all the time
whatever econ here I'm like it there so
doesn't mean like sister to you like
look like pretty miserable blues on the
side ready for
my head is so jumbled from that roller
coaster last night yeah we didn't get
the film at the Rip Ride Rockit they
gave this front of the line I've never
gone to the front of the line our front
row of Rubright rocket if you can it is
so worth it but and we got to go two
times in a row back to back then I was
probably mr. he said his last time we
should have brought the pups
okay now we're twinsies good copy you
your style is just so sick good time for
me to change old man I'm Bella fur his
pregnant wife crap do that for me you
should do that for me
it was kind of funny this is the 26th
annual Hollywood Hornets was the 27th
annual I don't know it's very funny but
it's just kind of interesting this is
where he always has to first I probably
would still get lost in something like I
get to see everything I'd still get lost
we got to go watch the pumpkin get shot
out of a cannon
step one before I have to get a corndog
step 2
want a deep-fried Oreo I want to just
ruin our entire exercise regimen for the
past month might just give this sub I
might go get some pizza some pizza bones
all that fun stuff ruin the entire week
yeah there's a lot more people this year
now hiccupping oh my god it's a little
Sebastian and little Sebastian - I
wonder if everybody knows who that is if
you guys have no idea who little
Sebastian is I feel so sorry for you
is the greatest thing in the world
Pawnee Indiana loves him
make this $2 worth it don't hurt her I'm
not gonna eat you I promise all right
what's not okay I feel like you're gonna
hi little R it was good though it was
good
a little lower
how do you like a machine gun
yeah a little lower yeah Brielle are a
little lower
yeah like right there almost go line
drive shot he made it only like his
second shot and he held it in the same
spot that was a limp one yeah that one
didn't exist
put that one yeah let's do that one over
and over again ed this on yeah yeah I'm
getting nervous
oh of course you get the nice long one
now all right that's fine thanks guys of
course the first few of alleys were just
like these little limp shots that they
just putt it out and over all of a
sudden the last one is shot completely
over like real fast like if you actually
would have hit I think it probably would
exploded the corn there's a monster
truck show now so this is the maize that
we have to get through we are going into
the corn maze which way to go right
right
there's always something great always
good right my dad always goes in circles
yeah there's something eerie you're
really creepy about corn mazes I don't
know what it is is it the fact that you
can't see over them or it's just like
presenter we don't go that way right
stay on the beaten path feel like we
should go the way everyone's going
this is it I know it seems stupid but I
don't like corn mazes I think of every
horror movie like imaginable and that's
probably why I don't like them I know
well at least we can see a little bit
now
another fork in the road you wanna go
that way I'll go this way
oh there's a platform we can get on ok
now we're trapped oh we can just make
your own path I guess we're gonna die in
here our it's it's like 90-something
degrees oh there we go
Suns going away okay first really oh
this is gonna be kind of fun but hokey
stuff now now it's just like miserably
hot can't figure a way out like this is
just gonna take us in the circle but at
least we won't starve actually we'll
start there's no corn on these husks so
we actually tortures patient I think oh
we won't die you know in a corn maze
genuinely we are thou lost like I'm not
even kidding at first I was kind of oh
we're gonna get lost in corn maze legit
we were now trapped in this stupid thing
it was funny there's these kids that
just full-on just completely bolted
right through it
they couldn't figure it out so they just
went right through it and just you could
see like those Raptors in Jurassic Park
where it's just like kind of hugging the
top they made their own path just like
Ali's gonna do right now
if they had like a vendor here selling
lemonade it'd be just amazing but
they're like pumpkin cannonball she
wouldn't change them is there a pool
around because they could just shove me
in there I'll do it
you didn't have to pay me no waivers
need to be signed I won't sue just shoot
me right into a lake or a pond or how
about into a pool we get the CTFxC pool
going working on it we got a new updated
remodel idea like the 3d rendering was
the word I was looking for we just got a
new rendering for the pool I kind of
want to show them but I want to think
I'm just gonna keep it as a surprise
I think we did it you know inside of my
tears are sweating why don't we just do
this one so we discovered this place but
as the most amazing things ever think
this is apple cinnamon honey green
olives though and what's the black ones
like no no the other ones they're purple
I guess yeah the Greek olives the called
kalamata kalamata olives my favorite day
Sam telling you I want to go harvest
some honey I still want somebody to tell
me how to do that think about attacking
Marly get arica Clash of the Titans
now she's I am totally who's she gonna
go for no one she's out of here
those Powell eyes Rica you look like a
muppet better she's tired
that's funny thing about Rica's are eyes
she trying to take your bone don't let
her do that hey my mark I know what
you're the boss we get it you're queen
you're alpha alpha dog what are you
doing idiot isn't this cat getting so
much bigger freaky come in don't be a
cat come on don't be a cat good girl
don't be a cat come here when I call you
thank you you're doing good you're doing
good as a dog sanim hi you guys are so
good with her for some reason today I
think was the heat Ali and I just
completely died I burn like I don't know
I was exercising so much so we decided
that this would be our last kind of
hurrah for a while and then you know
strict staying healthy type of thing I
hope you enjoyed today's video
it was kind of a another one of our
traditions that we like to do here you
know on Halloween I feel like some
people have like Christmas traditions
you know Thanksgiving traditions but
since Ali loves Halloween so much our
tradition and by extension the CTFxC
tradition is always Halloween which I
can get behind please go check out
yesterday's video before we got to do
behind the scenes on Halloween Horror
Nights this is a little example
check that out I'll put a link in the
description and in the eye and all that
fun stuff have a great night and we'll
see you tomorrow
