yeah I'm trying to figure out how to
turn the air conditioning on green
usually means go good morning guys well
technically it's morning because it's a
new day and it's like three or two in
the morning
Oh what time is it Danny
I'm the vibe that put us on Twitter and
asked hey look at this this is the UH
this is the bathroom hey did you see
this it's actually really cool I have no
idea where ad guys look at this this is
ridiculous do you think we having a
meltdown wait so that's Mount Fuji right
there right there Wow okay that's pretty
cool look what oh wait you're not seeing
it oh my god and literally Mount Fuji
just chilling that guy here gave us a
map just subway I just want to show you
guys there is a ring on it
no no joke so not only is there Mount
Fuji and everything here is tiny but
there's a ring on the map everything
Travis's dollar I can try to see we'll
do it right now I'll be scared you guys
prepare yourself stay precious my
precious my precious
I just realized there was a ring on this
map wait what yours
I'm just separate separation anxiety
with the orange beauty
I think Duncan may have lost his
six-year-old orange beanie dude
everybody wants a block-long canton job
dog I seriously can't come all the way
over here and not get an awesome photo
from Mount Fuji this place is kind of
sketchy but you know it's gonna be worth
the photo
Judah's Mothra careful your Godzilla if
you're doing that bullied its Mothra
nobody moved know what I get when they
made Godzilla because they had dinosaurs
that that would be kind of scary
but who saw him often was like you know
what that's who the Godzilla needs a
fight no can't cool like a baby with a
pacifier they brought Wi-Fi for everyone
so everyone's just let's say I had Wi-Fi
year for years I don't know Wi-Fi there
discovered it by surprise there it's
kind of sick so we have the corner no
one about quarantine can you give me a
stick to the camera there was your
beanie I put it in this suitcase today
they found it put it in a briefcase and
handcuffed it to me so today's all good
news except the vlogging stick you know
I did find your 100 or 10,000 yen I got
some friends and you did give me my hat
my little pillow I got friends over here
hold on let me think of a compliment
your shirt looks great bitch I know
Danny all right we got 20 minutes
scatter Starbucks
laughing are the fact that I keep asking
where Mount Fuji is is just giant
freakin mountain is that active no
demands if that thing went off right now
trav run in the opposite direction
I'll probably run in the Starbucks I'm
truly enjoying trying to get you saw the
food but there's a water there's an
action Fuji Walker but at the same time
it's kind of nice to have a sandwich its
familiarity Nate isn't the supposed to
be a Belgian waffle yeah I'll take it
American waffle thank you buddy
Pete mountain
I have stolen your water feeling better
buddy everyone when you see nerd rock
give him big hugs I'm in vitamin C I got
50 lemons worth of vitamin C where'd you
get that that vending machine
and then telling you like in the back
assign no we're getting pulled over
right now oh boy that was the last time
we saw Massa oh my gosh
should we be worried I love how every
job here has like an official uniform
destruction work that is enough I've
never seen someone wear a helmet in a
car like pulled away takes off at Monza
we thought I'd find him possible attack
comes up
getting pulled over in Japan driving on
the right side of the road all right
that's nice did you pay him under the
table yeah then they gonna come to the
show they're guestlist cops I guess if
we were to be arrested
we just be deported
would be people deported or arrested in
or to jail if we were arrested
however deported Ireland we can't go
back to it
wanted man I kind of like these rest
stops that's shady at all there's always
a Starbucks walking around Japan makes
me feel like they invented candy doesn't
it babe in the candy ice cream every
single think the bathroom
Starbucks just kind of creepy music hi
scream where's that crap I don't know
where Park I know where everyone went
oh just go to the embassy where
everybody knows your name we just got to
the venue and it's pretty interesting
it's like underneath a business building
in the basement and I just wanted to
show you guys that we got little
slippers everyone just slowed their own
slippers but legit this is under a
business building taking a brisk stroll
through to going up see what's around
the area Jesus 55 bucks that is a deal
slipper me I want my slippers first now
feet don't even fit if you don't get at
all oh I like to see your big feet knees
good luck really holy Sh the things
turning over my hand keeps cutting my
head
we're trying to find the embassy right
now my god I've never seen a line like
this Starbucks before you make fun of us
the thing is every once in a while you
just get craving for like a big mac or
burger
and I feel like we're doing really well
with the culture as far as eating sushi
and stuff like that but every once in a
while you just gotta you gotta just do
it ain't any fish everything any fish I
know this is everyone but you
take a french fry and put it in ice
cream vanilla ice cream and change the
world promise gonna play a little game
called see how many high fives I can get
back from strangers I know you got a
stranger okay okay that's how you're
gonna start it out okay okay
totally tonight on that one yeah well
this actually might be harder than I
thought
one more time and I'd give up got one I
assure you the game is just a liar well
it is time to go to bed I'm freakin
exhausted this jetlag if you guys have
any ideas how to give it hi how are you
okay hi hi that what was I saying
jet lag oh yeah if you guys have any
ideas to get rid of jet lag faster
because I think only in Japan for three
more days and I want to actually enjoy
because I've been so tired let me know
in the comments and I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video don't forget to
subscribe you guys are brand new because
we go to hey we go to Singapore and then
where we go we're good we go to Manila
and then Singapore and there's a home
for two days Singapore three days then
home for
then vanilla then home I'm glad to have
these guys otherwise I don't know idea
where I'm at so I'll see you guys
tomorrow
see I suppose this way I guess this is
what I really do and this is going on
good night
you
