good morning guys so
as you can see when I left him as being
dirty
yes I just woke up from a seizure
thinking in this tiny bone space okay
so much better all right mr. tension so
this is our green room today guys this
is the college thing got college set up
going on you find a little kid purchase
that for top dollar
yeah sure so we're gonna walk around
this is actually kind of funny is
legitimately is a college is asking for
biscuits or cookies Google and I know
the difference because I think Google's
fucking Google I'm stepping out at the
pixel fiamma's wwwo wide web Google or
you can use a true how do I say Google
in a sentence is the UK biscuit UK
Google Apps for biscuits instead of
cookies
so I think of you this pick it up so
instead of nice rainy day we have a nice
beautiful day
well compared to yesterday today is a
nice beautiful day no rain just
countryside
I think today is actually inside and
outside so it should be kind of good
instead of seeing uh All American
Rejects going to see less than Jake this
time are you excited about lesson Jake
excited about love from Jake fifty knows
hey he knows
hi how are you what's your name
yes Jordan Ellis that's my favorite
thing is what's always wearing it like
an Ikea sure
t-shirt I just walk up to him and scare
him or even away the King shirt just
walk up to him and scare them it's my
new favorite thing boy playing Knights
assaulting people I might be able to
drive one want steal bus I think once
the driving it what's up buddy
everyone's lot more friendly that's for
sure
about it no Galleria look it's going to
give away money thank you what a nice
place don't have any money here's some
money this how you get tea and coffee
the proper way
secret garden does look like it already
got my toasty
I am I lemonade
and look this is here go check it out
I'll make you go first
I'm feeling this is somebody's luxury
apartment here to left his bathroom well
the left is the other bathroom what are
you standing in probably bathroom how do
we know what this is
muscle maybe you show that Bush what's
up thank you is it are you guys thinking
like it John Anna Anna that come on
da da da da da da oh maybe we should go
under
those are all the trolls live I'm gonna
peel the corn it's willing to deal with
this right here Raleigh for all let's
see who can get higher you go first hey
let me just adjust myself okay so I just
won no that was awful
that's it gotta get that nice and
chocolate don't you cut that cookie
angry grandmother the awesome see Kevin
Sears found our bus
I don't know how do you guys find the
bus who did that give me I'm talking a
million carats I apologize if I'm
offending anyone from England
now this one reminds me of warped or
outside nine the confusing school get
some coffee cake what we're saying I
completely know what we're saying now
internet literally we've got topics is
that even it
okay I don't think Russian was in there
Bulgarian Belgium I think was Belgium
Belgian chocolate patties
all right so we're going to get Nando's
which is something we always get when we
go over to the London side of the world
squiggles this your first time over
Grady fernando's I mean I guess need to
know is that for real that's always for
real delicious kind of computers hi how
are you I'm good is this it this is it
buddy real def is wrecking my no no
don't give it to him all right too much
too much kindness
hi
I've been seen less Jake probably like
seven years
we have there what is that this is an
airplane this is what it does yeah
that's exactly what it does color me
impressed sir you gotta you know the sir
I don't think it was I think Caitlyn is
absolutely correct to do is you got to
get the wingnut just inline awesome just
you know somebody gave you a prank plane
you're so stupid Travis I'm so stupid
boomerang every time I touch this damn
thing well I'm gonna go to bed and I
just wanted to say thank you guys so
much for the love yet today actually
really this morning kind of sucks but
you know everyone really was there for
me and got me back on track right away
and you know allowed today to be an
awesome awesome day today's show was
amazing
I met so many CTF X years or such an
awesome day it kind of goes to show you
know you can't let no if the day starts
off bad you can't let it ruin the whole
day because you know can turn around
really quickly and it did and today was
amazing and I just wanna say thank you
to all the CTX years I met today I mean
see you guys on the road it's just been
so awesome such a like you know a
reminder why did this stuff oh and I
just want to say thank you guys for
being amazing and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always if you guys are brand
new don't forget to click the little
subscribe button and all right good
night guys
toodles
I guess
you
