good morning guys so towards tomorrow so
I'm just getting ready this is this is
how I get ready for tour now I have to
have all my pills and start packing
so today is getting ready for Europe I'm
excited and then wake up little bitches
yeah alright oh I'm sorry
well we got some good news that whole
little whole little thing where I ran
into our owns car that's you bad no
brews high-five guys
back in time you guys want to see how
much diversity I think I have a little
color in my life what do you think we do
a munchkin hanging out beautiful Sun
I'll just hang out today just lay out in
the Sun good one I gotta get rid of the
stupid tank op town so before we go to
London I'm trying to get rid of the
stupid tan Marla you hanging out while
he's doing it too
I mean if you guys didn't know Marla
super pale you're super pale are you
Marley protecting the tattoo not stupid
get sunscreen on that's stupid I forgot
the camera at the house go so enjoying
the Sun so I'm using my iPhone right now
my mom and I are going to run some
errands because tour is tomorrow I got
to get a pillow for my Nicolas Cage
pillow case that's number one that's
crucial for any tour Nicholas Cage has
to come with me that's always come with
me
naturally before any tour guy get some
pitstop stuff done sustenance
all right things I gotta get well I
gotta get a adapter cuz I'm an idiot and
I lost mine I don't know what country I
lost mine but then Godzilla
by the way internet did you guys see the
new Godzilla movie is it any good
what country did I leave it in Australia
that's exactly what I need
exactly you kidding me they don't have
convertor anywhere you might need to
just go to Japan why neither there's go
I mean Best Buy if you guys tell I have
a lot of things on my mind right now who
put this in the carry-on what we need
paper towels and a pillow shampoo what
you trying to say I feel that's good a
good one put it in the cart let's bring
it around you need a pancake maker are
you actually just asked that of course
do you do always gonna pancake maker I
get some mouthwash so when I meet some
CTFxC ears overseas my breath doesn't
sink it's key when you're on tour you
don't want to stinky breath you know
what I noticed with this haircut you can
see the scar a little bit more
she found more suckers in their pocket
personally where's your fork you sell
you forget fork in there because because
you have a fork in your purse big red
ball what are they gonna do what are you
gonna do do another brain surgery on me
I already have a flap so they can just
open it up really easily picked it oh I
would be out of play
I wouldn't cancel a tour show must go on
always my mom's like what did I do with
my glasses but I'm going to that this is
this I refuse to always go back into the
store because last time was in this
store is when I had that seizure so I
actually I do this a lot any place like
in in my house there's a chair in my
house that I refused to sit in because
it was the one I had had one in as well
it's kind of weird this is this is me
confronting my fears oh yeah I think so
too
subconsciously not even like admitting
it to it yeah but I mean it's
superstition it's a coupon that coupon
you look you listen both a coupon
there's a Vocaloid coupon qu Opio a
coupon just trust me on this one
I don't know what's wrong with me
did you I just did you a favor Ram I
don't know what's wrong with me today
must've been that orange juice in a
cereal I'm so excited I'm just pooping
myself around everything yeah it's kind
of funny I'm starting to realize maybe
with the iPhone 6 I might actually be
able to do vlogs straight up on that
iPhone quality's pretty damn good little
gander all right now going home to pack
the fun part
sarcasm anyone so it looks like the
cameras been baking outside me heat real
smart Charles oh boy all right time to
switch and we're back ma'am that's what
you got to get today you gotta get clean
today yeah you might as well get dirty
just get all dirty because you're
getting clean today and maybe you guys
give us women here's one going pool
let's go swimming you to where I was
like um poop though see what Zoe was
doing was a fun roll this is what I call
a poop roll seal determined she is
that's a poop roll you think you're all
you you think you won this battle don't
you hey see you guys think I was being
torturous but look at her now she loves
it go hang in this woman this one for
nothing just swimming in circles
it's nice isn't it hey old lady you're
going in there to Zoe I think I'm going
in on my own terms
blow those bubbles go get my key what
the hell are you doing over there oh
that was delicious
let me see if I can find your ball found
it now it's time to get Marley to be
tired
cute little swimmer I've never thrown it
yet mark I haven't thrown it you gotta
give me a break no no no this is how
Marley gets so skinny if you guys ever
wondered what it is also how Marley get
so fat because she doesn't do this can
you just did their bark I'm judging you
you enjoyed that Zoey step that's why
it's called a Zoey step and you don't
even use it you jerk you look terrified
you look so terrified if you guys didn't
know I have two seals - sea otters pool
otters are you falling asleep watching
is always eyes makes me want to fall
asleep become so nice - waves
I just got this thing 15 times it just
keeps flying back out they're starting
to think I shouldn't do this alright
well if you're gonna push me in the butt
I guess I should go did you give up you
gonna try to lay down sit down try to do
it
lay down they don't
can I have a break just a couple minutes
and just relaxing okay this is a grumpy
dog what's wrong Zoe didn't wanna go in
the pool done with the pool
that's my bad
though this just came perfect timing my
buddy Hunter Burgin you know his bass
player for AFI he actually wrote a book
so just came perfect timing not to have
something to read on the plane you can't
beat them join them and then beat him in
the back of the head with a big pipe
when they least expect it 500 burn my
honour
oh cool so if you guys didn't know 100
Bergman wrote a book he did and this is
what it is so go check it out so I'm
just editing now let's just look at the
diva
it's Deva sending her little pig belly
alright see if I can do this I got a
pack a pillow plus everything else can I
just take your pillow this is okay if I
take your pillow for a while 29 years of
living on this earth I still don't know
how to properly retail fold nothing just
sit like that this is how I fold don't
feel it that's good though not flat
enough it's gotta be trick to this I
wish there was a machine that I could
get my house that just folded things you
know what shirt I haven't worn since
like last warped or we're gonna find it
the kilomole shirt should I wear it I
think I wanna bring this to the UK and I
definitely need to bring it back for
work for yourself it's
moment of truth Venus still fits kind of
bringing it
what's it somebody ready for bed all
right guys so the Sun is going down and
for my attempt so I don't ruin my day
when I get to London I'm gonna try to go
to bed
super ridiculous early and wake up like
in the middle of the night some of my
sleep schedule is back to normal I will
see you guys tomorrow hope you guys
enjoyed today's video and don't forget
to subscribe because the next few days
actually a few months are gonna be
actually insane level tour stuff
literally going all over the world
meeting you guys so I'll see you guys
tomorrow always good night
you
