I'm good no this is my food just with my
egg mcmuffin good morning Internet we
just discovered that rica is ticklish
you guys wanna hear a fun little story i
went bike riding and did like eight or
nine miles so it's gone for about 45
minutes I come home I'm getting some
water and just over here just getting
some water and then all of a sudden I
start drinking I see this brown flash go
right behind me and I'm like no I can't
be in a turnaround Rica's right behind
me
someone I don't know who jumped on the
door opened it up and got all over food
didn't you get all the food something
about that cat food it hurts just like
it's it's her drug
oh come on just get on it that'd be
amazing
rip out that big one babe dairy great at
music fire now it's like curving out
everything saw inside my head and now
you see the time I know oh my god that
is just disgusting
all right so third year in a row going
to Halloween Horror Nights Michael the
guy who's helping us last year is
actually the one helping us again this
year
finding this is Michael you guys want
remember last year he's helping us again
and it's already beginning hi are you
ready the first one we're going to is
just saw one Michaels like every year go
back us up so I don't fall
how was it that was a good one the most
fun is cuz I have the light they know
that I have the light and they know
we're filming something just like that
and they just go even more balls to the
wall and it's just more fun the for fun
for me because I can see what's going on
and I wish tell Mike to slow down and
like I just waited and that's how we got
someone good shot
is this the Scarecrow goomar Eber at
mother nature's gruelling real anger all
of her land and she is pissed off
commentary by Ali
I really want for this entire place was
to get a crusty burger and a Duff Beer
that's all I really want to this day I
still think instead of avatar Lance even
the Harry Potter land they need to take
the Simpsons and just expand it to like
Springfield and that would I would go
there every I would keep them in my
business how would you feed me I go
every day
did you cut your crusty burger who does
that
everyone no way you don't go full-on
Danny knows go pull on that is the right
thing Danny's taking lessons from his
son saving his food for a pretty real
tight real tight
yeah
so again I want to say thank you to
Universal Studios Hollywood for
tonight's 27 si Joe and Mike both his
two-year vet now Joe crushed it we just
did nine houses and it sided at midnight
12:30 so come to Halloween Horror Nights
it's awesome look for these guys
supplier walking around thank them
everyone in the comments 2017
I was good I think the Scarecrow ones
like everyone
we lost the girls they're nuts I don't
know what's wrong with them you don't
even know well it is around 3:00 in the
morning right now I am freaking
exhausted Leake is waking up I hope you
guys enjoyed today's video so much it
was awesome to have the third annual
CTFxC Halloween Horror Nights spec tax
book tacular please don't forget to
subscribe and like this video and we
will see us tomorrow's always hopefully
I'll wake up on time because I'm
exhausted
can I go
