good morning guys this is like the best
way to wake up put on flair you're
instantly either if you're a little bit
tired it's really up well I'm up now got
my shirt from Warped Tour
I love the shirt heavy metal makeup okay
all super text messages ruling
everything
as a critic I think it just broke the
camera by doing that
you guys have never heard one sample by
Slayer go listen to it such a good pump
get ready for the most hardcore thing I
could possibly be doing folding
underwear and listening to Slayer
underwear it's socks here Marla hold
that place these are the socks Jesse got
me you want to protect those for me
please you comfy you're lucky those are
clean the tour is in two days and I just
realized my Sunburst base is in the base
case at Hunter's house so I have to go
to the storage unit and get the
furniture base the wood one and switch
that out that's what I want to bring
over to Europe I'm dragging my mom on a
little neither King Aaron night a day in
the life we the King bassist nothing's
organized because of me
we'll get it internet high five
integrate by the way who's coming to the
slam dunk vessel and Japan where else am
I going
Manila Tokyo
Singapore anyone go into those shows I
actually put it on my calendar give it
on your iCal no like I'm at my calendar
oh this thing comes newspaper
mcgantry I bought my mom and iPhone for
this reason to be organized she refuses
to use it to me
I could make an eye calendar I teach you
on the way the King calendar
let's ever miss a manager send it to you
everyone Farley they take a pit stop how
they get some juice juice and pumpkin
bread how did the Italian chef die
he passed away
what does a duck smoke quack
how do pigs get to the hospital
and a hambulance
what did the hot dog say when he won the
race
hey no clue I'm a wiener
I love these things guys oh how do you
open this thing
alright now we got it Oh same one sea
bass anyone see a bass alright alright
how do I open my own bass case who
locked my damn bass case push it push it
no huh slider here you go oh there it is
my wood base come on baby we're going
back on the road we're going to Europe
look up beat up we got its get road
we're got some road where I just walked
into my mom's door mom this is actually
the first bass I actually got when I
joined we the kings it's one of the the
white one so I feel like it's time to
kind of retire for a little bit and yeah
it's kind of a bittersweet thing put a
break take it home let it enjoy its its
retire it for a little less it's been on
the road for a couple years so that when
you hang on the wall you know it's been
on the road for like three years now
need this time to kolaks
collective thoughts be home with its
family little bases
there's gotta be a bass joke somewhere
what do one bass say the other race I
know I don't know I was hoping there'd a
joke I don't know why did Snoop Dogg
bring an umbrella
for drizzle
good to laugh got always laugh laughter
is the best medicine and medicine
medicine knows also the best medicine so
I'm just trying to finds a simple kind
of my mom's purse
actually I show you the stuff my mom
first she's got this which is odd it is
a fan but why do you have this fan in
here even if it's not lost Julius -
shake get tissues that's that's smart
get tissues
hand sanitizer yeah my mom should do a
stuff in my purse video the lollipop I
need that how do you find anything in
the air maybe I was left I was looking
for a pen was nice what do you share
medium import what
duh mom you'd never know what you might
need a pork the bottle over there okay
getting somewhere that's mascara you
keep those the fourth but you literally
only have one pen gosh our feet
these yuppies I signed the posters with
how'd you get one you still won of
course she did she feels everything this
is the club though number one thing I
got to do today is get some almond milk
because orange juice and cereal honestly
guys that was probably the grossest
thing I've done in a long time number
one thing I got to do today is get some
almond milk because orange juice and
cereal honestly guys that was probably
the grossest thing I've done in a long
time the worst thing was because it was
like somehow somehow or another I got
like orange juice so it was like this
fake light orange juice plus cereal just
all all sorts of bad actually did anyone
in the internet try it after watching
the video if you did I apologize
wholeheartedly oh the little victories
in life
hey little punks we're going to this in
a while come on let's do this can you
get up
no come on everyone up over the ride
this is what we needed isn't it just a
little relaxing time go to the park I'm
like freaking like stressing out
breaking out like my face I had this
little guy I woke up to that little guy
in the morning that's the best thing in
the world when you wake up in the
morning you feel like you have a good
day you looking to be already like then
you have this a crazy eternal struggle
like do I pop it do I leave it do I try
to hide it and of course everyone picks
at it I can idiot then it looks like
this I'm actually talking to Duncan
trying to figure out the whole Europe
thing so there's literally two more days
actually when this video goes live the
next day after you watching this video
we will be traveling to London for or
the UK for the slam dunk fest and I
cannot wait can't believe it's already
coming up I'm gonna miss you guys I wish
you guys could go to London where the
London probably we're gonna London you
already ate so ignore that Mel sessions
time fork in the road we want to go
squirrel Valley or do you want to go to
the park squirrel Valley or the park or
do you want to go no one's on the park
Kate you ain't in decision I honestly
don't care what anyone says about me
always hanging out with Zoe Miley of
these guys that's why dogs are awesome
especially Zooey Marley which by the way
I think the Zooey Marley toys should be
almost done in next month itself
and then you guys will be able to have
your own Zoey amar lays at home we can
share
remember this place guys select that
favorite hangout place used to go all
the time when I was stressed out where I
want to come every single time I'm
stressed out right sorry dude
it's weird I can't tell is that baby
Gator uh-huh this one away there's
another one every time I find them they
go underwater or maybe it's a turtle if
it's a turtle thought a gator no Charles
is a turtle so relaxing right now hey
girls I just thought I had white hair
growing out of my arm then I realized I
have a white dog tattoos actually
healing pretty damn good pretty fast
actually too you know what I want to do
I want to go camping
I don't think I've been camping been
doing the vlogs actually be kind of nice
just to go out into the wilderness
wilderness will nerd wilderness and just
go out into nature and just kind of like
relax turn my cellphone off of course
I'm gonna keep the camera rolling though
you know just get some air jeez just go
out and just enjoy nature I feel like
that's something I really should do
really really want to do that
that in bora-bora those are two things
guys I gotta do make sure I'm on don't
let me forget okay go camping and go to
Bora Bora silly don't look at your past
there's nothing new to say son of a
bitch how do we get out of here oh sweet
I just had a very panic attack bad movie
night I'll see you guys tomorrow hope
you guys enjoyed today's video if you
guys are brand new don't forget to click
the little subscribe button get ready
for Europe two days have a great night
doodles
you
