good morning guys how's it going get
some cereal and there's just cereal are
you kidding me
seriously all right this is one of my
pet peeves I'm gonna share with you guys
there is absolutely nothing worse than
when you're set on having cereal and you
realize that there's and you realize you
have no milk what was an appropriate
thing that you can use orange juice can
use over in juice instead I'm try all
right this is gonna be interesting
I want cereal shower shower but it'll
work I feel like I'm gonna get the
stomach here from this but now I can't
waste a cereal oh this is such a bad
idea now it's real sick keep hearing
silly barking what are you doing are you
you're rolling around are you so hyper
she's so hyper right now I'm about to
get ready to do the podcast the Danny
Duncan show Danny you made it mobile
mobile Toby's gonna be a special guest
there - actually told me honey - cause I
don't really need to do it today so good
luck have fun I'll be back I don't know
why but for some reason Danny and I
don't know what state this is so if you
live here we are both so sorry we're
offending you this is a quiz where you
try to name all 50 states in less than
10 minutes
dad what saves us know where we live
let's say -
right there what state is that dad what
state we live in I completely forgot
it's got to be one of the two four
corners the four corners New Mexico you
got it okay feel like this is kind of
cheating back up good boy
between all of them
Zoey stole hitch things always just
likes to take it briefly could we drop
it all right Marley no no talking
that's a diss podcast unless you have an
interesting opinion was introduced to
nobody cares well squirrels okay I'm
sorry
should I said that just got done doing
Danny's podcast so you guys can lose
that go live hi today how do I post it
in an hour so go listen to it
and don't make fun of me too loud too
loud too bad or too loudly I guess have
you been slowing down with your corny
jokes I spoiled the audio world with
like corny jokes that you guys been
sharing I think I forgot a ton of them
now now bummed so good it's like I
laughed with in my eyes hurt from
rolling yeah two favorite things in the
world cereal and sandwiches could live
off that for us my life you like a
sandwich you can't have a sandwich I
made this for me here mom are don't let
them bubble in your pool don't have for
my mouth guard hello guys so kind of
want to just have a one-on-one
conversation with you guys is it I don't
know if it's one on one one on X amount
of watching the videos one on one camera
I guess just because there's been a lot
of rumors a lot of speculation and a lot
of terrible things being said on the
internet right now I know go figure
right Charles but I honestly just wanted
to talk with you guys just so you knew
what was going on my head the first and
foremost of what I want to talk about is
that when we were together before our
separation that I was unfaithful and I
just want to nip that right in the bud
right now that before separation when we
were together I was 115 hundred
twenty-five hundred forty-five uh that's
fictitious percentage but a hundred
percent faithful and basically that some
people think that
this is the reason why the separation
and the divorce is happening is because
of cheating and I just want to make sure
that that is 100% not the reason at all
and if you think that I'm just gonna do
that really quick okay I mean that would
love that is 100% not the reason at all
once we decided we were going to
mutually separate that was when the time
I thought was to move on with my life
and I know there are some people out
there that think I cheated or did
something wrong whether it be physically
or emotionally and I just want to
address that that is not the case and I
just want to say how silly I think that
is from liking a photo to commenting on
a photo is if that's what that is in
1214 I just think that's hilarious
because that's so far from the truth
just wanted to address that I mean
honestly the truth of the matter is that
we are separated that means we are no
longer together we are working to find
happiness in our lives obviously apart
from each other because it didn't work I
know there's a lot of speculation about
the allocated amount of time that a
couple needs to have our person needs to
have after a relationship ends and I
feel honestly that is that something
that somebody else can determine for you
I feel like it honestly depends on the
situation and the person especially this
I feel like the situation is the number
one kind of thing and I feel like it's a
very personal judgment that somebody
makes and I don't feel like you know
whether it takes a week an hour seven
years it makes the person better or
worse you know what I mean I just feel
like that honestly I feel and I know
there's some people that disagree what
I'm trying to say is that when it's time
for me to find a girl to make me happy
that's that's the key word right there I
want everyone to grasp at the find
happiness I would hope and expect that
everyone that watches the CTFxC would
show that person in myself the respect
that you would show any other person
because in the end we're all human I
also want to kind of talk about like how
a lot of people think that I'm trying to
deceive or do some trickery or magical
editing the truth of the matter is think
if you really honestly think about it
you know like how nervous is when you
meet somebody for the first time think
about meeting somebody for the first
time their parents
and how nervous you were or something
along other friends and then times that
by 1.5 million you only mean so I'm not
trying to deceive anything so I just
kind of wanted to kind of put that out
there that maybe some people just aren't
used to it in that baby because there's
a lot of my friends that don't make it
to the blogs this isn't something new
and it's because not that they don't
want to be but because they're afraid
and honestly that's not ever a permanent
thing because the guys in we the kings
this is the little backstory when I
joined with the Kings they were afraid
to be on the vlogs as well and you guys
have now seen how that it all turned out
so it just takes time for some people
you don't I mean and I just want
everyone to be respectful and kind of
cease this little witch hunt you only
mean because I feel it's gotta gotten
out of hand I just wanted to put that
out maybe some people didn't understand
that just didn't think about it and
because there's a lot of you guys it is
very intimidating the CTFxC is a large
army of awesome people it's very
intimidating it's I you guys have
created together we have created this
crazy thing I just kind of wanted to put
that out there as a perspective and it's
never like I said it's usually never a
permanent thing people usually come
around and they you know once they see
positivity and lately I've seen like a
poor example of how the CTFxC is and
this like I said it might be because of
me
of that situation I just wanted to make
sure people were comfortable and like I
said this isn't something new this has
happened for five years out so I really
don't want honest to talk too much about
it because I just wanted to get over
with done out there I just wanted the
witch-hunt to stop and just enjoy the
videos like we've been doing for the
past five years and just get excited for
the future because I don't know what's
going to happen that's the beauty about
life and that's a bit about sharing it
with you guys as I'm living it and that
whoever ends up coming into my life and
making me happy whether this year next
year five years from now that you guys
would show them love kindness and
respect that you have shown me for the
past five years and that's about it I
just I wanted to get on the same page
with you guys I mean you guys know I
love you guys so much and I appreciate
most of you guys's support there's
always a couple trolls I mean there
always is
and this video is for the trolls I don't
want it to think the trolls won this
video is just for me to kind of get on
the same page and kind of vent and like
you guys know these are a diary of my
life so when I look back on these I can
see this as a transitional period of my
life I can go back and watch this day
whatever it is I can come back and see
that this is the day right here was a
huge transitional point in my life hope
you guys understand and continue
supporting the CTFxC and continue this
ride for me whether it be it's kind of
like a roller coaster right you know I
mean it's not so much a ride anymore
it's a roller coaster of life I feel
like in past couple years the CTFxC has
been a roller coaster we're not taking
on that we're not taking a stroll like a
little drive we're taking an old wooden
roller coaster which is fun because old
roller coasters are awesome
exhilarating makes you feel alive that's
all I want to say and I hope this uh
clears some things up for you guys well
on that note I guess I should end the
video now I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video guys are brand new please
click that little subscribe so you can
ride this little roller coaster and I
hope I hope this is everyone's going to
bed on good note right now and I I
definitely feel a lot better and I'll
see you guys tomorrow as always and get
ready to enjoy this roller coaster
because I feel your six is going to be
pretty gnarly pretty interesting so I'll
see you guys tomorrow as always have a
great night goose
you
