good morning guys so today's an exciting
day for me I am getting the new base for
Warped Tour right now and it's gonna be
a custom job so I'm I'm ordering and
designing it right now you guys are
gonna stay here with me okay we're gonna
design it actually let me design it and
I'll show you guys so I'm doing this cue
intro check it out guys there's a little
silver burst I love it what'd you guys
think
good work or base let's just start off
the day with some awesome news so I just
got an email so I guess it's official I
guess I can tell you guys we the Kings
will be playing this year's VidCon again
we were asked by John and everyone to
come back this year and I just got the
flights so it is official I guess unless
these flights are just bogus we know the
Kings will be at VidCon and we will be
playing VidCon again you're doing well
and then I was looking at these photos
wait hold on then this was this going
through you guys remember in Toronto
when the bus leaked humppa think when
apprentice a was on there oh so then I
went outside and I showered that was a
day I remember that sleepy you guys when
you both sleep like this it doesn't make
me want to get up this makes me want to
just fall asleep do
all right Internet I'll be back in the
cut car ride Zowie first time in Phil's
car huh you got a driver and everything
these are requests at all ma'am who let
the dogs out I think it's what she wants
to do a little bow out perhaps
no 65 is good this is like the worst car
for you to be in on all these odd
numbers
that's okay because it's 12
how did I just completely miss the hell
weird you are I'm gonna start doing the
showerhead everyday maybe me you tell me
some pranks to get Charlie hon I need
them I need all the help I can get good
decision
good decision buddy get a nice little
day on st. Armands
it's kind of relaxing at the beach
purple bike nobody punches back the new
thing I'm sorry
white black one they say words wait
another black one no punches back this
time
yeah you behave yourself okay tickets in
public
hey Stella
Stella's girlfriend I think she's chosen
a favor sorry buddy what's this what's
her name
Pasha hey bachi I think we have a
jealous dog over another really bad this
is really bad job
what did jay-z call his girlfriend
before they got married that's what he
called his girlfriend before getting
married
yeah that's why I got in a fight because
he probably dated her first no it's
fiancees chuckling trying to think of
the other one
what did the big bucket say to the
little bucket you're looking a little
pale the big bucket says in a little
bucket
sir please don't kick the dogs why was
the computer late to work had to reboot
because it wasn't a Mac because it had a
hard drive
we are probably in the most of Lourdes
tour ever why are we here it's actually
you wanted to come your idea well this
is one of those places where you don't
need any any of this stuff yeah in your
home what is this you don't need that's
what it is what does it do how long here
so we're gonna here right there yeah
good luck no you can't seal that ma'am
you have to pay for it right there it's
right there believe it you can pay it
for right there you can't shit and steal
everything was this the dog that you
want to get tattooed on your butt good
to go that we get to go home ma'am did
you pay for that this is where he come
from
you and Mom are the same I don't get
embarrassed that's why I think it's fun
no soft elbows - under your hand
Alissa so they should get this hat I
don't think so
what'd you guys think feel like I need a
cigar at all times
what do you call an anthem overseas see
an important giggling over there I feel
like that's not street-legal at all
wouldn't be a day without getting some
wheatgrass shots wheatgrass wheatgrass
wheatgrass put the child lock I've
already managed my brain has not
developed a seat
I've already admitted that several times
guys put this new purse put this in your
purse put in your purse what
what's wrong with people looking at you
man put your gun away Charlie you gotta
stop that
put your gun away it's the grocery store
what are you gonna do me and Raph
sorry to put your Weiner way it's gonna
get on my leather it's gross you should
be embarrassed look even still pleased
like a creepy smile thanks to put your
Weiner way yeah we don't like this trick
alright that's not make it stop
what's a cool I'm gonna flick it Tyson
up and down there don't ignore me I feel
like that's ignoring me just as much
all right nappy time anyone else get
really tight when I eat like after
they're done eating oh those my stomach
great what number 26 we got a long line
yeah
figure out a sequence I don't think
they're using it now looking at Marley
yeah look away it's like what do you
want attention I'm sorry I didn't get
you attention right away come here Zoey
can't get attention for me come here
hi I see the best surprise ever my mom
made me banana bread not Marley or Zoey
bread just called banana bread it goes
into that daddy's mouth mmm mmm you can
have a little bit you want a banana
sure refrigerator all right fellow
internet earth I'm going to go to bed I
hope you guys enjoyed today's video me
just messing with my sister if you guys
have any other ideas so I could mess
with her it's the whole brother and
sister thing I think it's just so easy
it's so fun hope you guys enjoyed
today's video I will see you guys
tomorrow as always if you guys were new
to the videos please don't forget to
click the subscribe button and yeah I'll
see you tomorrow
you
