good morning guys I love this blanket so
I need to start getting up because Phil
bought some tickets for Melissa and I
have to go to the 97x it's like the
backyard barbecue
I think the 1975 is playing and Bastille
kind of nice to go to concerts so when
I'm not playing because I don't normally
get to do that she's just like no you
can sleep for another hour good argument
come on butt heads get some energy out I
know Riley's not here Marley's
boyfriend's out here still looking for
Riley Riley come here there we go
okay don't make fun of me I'm throwing
left-handed just notice all this
beautiful grass wide open beautiful
grass right here okay this is pan over
here of course she's in the dirt where's
your in the dirt get out of there come
on
the end you're white come on so just
kill him time for me little get the
baseball Marley come on somebody play
with the baseball you're gonna be so
proud if you played with baseball hey
guys what did the big buckets a did a
little bucket you're looking a little
pale what did the baby corn say to the
mama corn where's Papa coin
the considerate thing to do at festivals
well trying to get around the blankets
I literally solved the other right sure
what's your name
Catherine you know snake so I was just
walking through the whole little crowd
and book I found oh you can find me
tackle me bro drop the top of them I
love my snake yeah man let me to see
myself I can see myself is this what
you're like looking to my soul right now
I think you're probably just see what I
see or that that's or just see what you
see no big deal
I want a corn dog so bad but that
decline is ridiculous really got me a
wiener why not somebody Wiener just like
the best positioning their definitive
told you I found him right thought I
found him he is I jumped on you tell her
I already jumped on him I did one of
these like a good fighter monk awkward
don't be awkward
do you know you asshole you asshole I've
had like hundreds of replies all odd
numbers and I'm like getting so keep it
up guys if you didn't know how to talk
about @reply melissa trippy odd numbers
did you tell them all that you smoke
cigarettes too huh now I was making
enough I was hoping you'd play with it
eleven eleven fourteen twelve sixteen
eighteen twenty I'm sorry I apologize
but he's drinking apple juice is that a
magic hat number nine he didn't get it
oh well memorize the best care Kath wait
wait
good thing I just got my eyebrows done
hey you'll be thirsty and like yeah yeah
that's a great one oh wait I gotta get
some I gotta get some they the worst
thing you do as a kid I'm angry is
thirsty largest trash man ever by misses
yes sir
there was enough weight today I think
you need to throw something heavier
water bottling it Micah being the nice
guy walk away walk away walk away
go get it again that is the walk of
shame it's like when your dog poops and
you can't find it just walk around
I love it
that's not your baby girl this is my
face
hi Billy I want to jump bunny again
already say go ready
did it do not go out then has fun come
back on tour we gotta go again my issues
that I totally lit wrong in life I
should have been interpretive dancer I
totally did you're wrong and we got
summer now so your Swayze and I'm baby
baby yeah yes nobody puts Baby in the
corner
so it's pretty fun concert time to go
home
