hello internet so the best mom award
goes to mama trippy because she drove
all the way up here because stupid son
of mine
stupid son hers not mine I don't have a
son yet forgot his medicine so she drove
all the way up here to make sure I'm
healthy everyone in the comments
say mama trippy is da bomb dumb not the
bomb da bomb let's start today ok or not
you want to just lay there do you want
to listen Academy is yeah another day
embarrassing my mom in public you ready
for this you're gonna be nice to me
today I'm most every day
we're distracted my wallet out I'm nice
to you every day on record for anyone
thinks I'm not nice to my mom I'm gonna
fight you
my mom's gonna fight you actually it's
really funny I got in one fight my
entire childhood and I remember the
father coming over and saying something
about me being a bad child and my mom
basically took off the gloves it was
about to fight this guy pretty badass
anyway so I need to get some shirts and
some underwear his tour is coming up you
guys know what happens on tour we get to
do laundry maybe once it's once it's
once and once the entire tour Google
Maps you got a flop the end
who says Oz - okay you Lee right I've
heard a whip of shitty you've never
heard of whoopee shitty anyone heard
with my shitty before I think that's
like European got a whip of shitty this
has made my day for dad I'm always like
this look good on you and I'm like what
is it she's like and
I don't feel like your fits jeans
honestly the dumbest thing I can be
doing right now
it's like when I was in rehab yeah there
we go
thanks shirt brings out the paleness in
my skin yeah that's the that's the
peeling do it that's peeling everywhere
that's good that's a good sign feelings
good yep touch it see if it hurts
stupidest thing I've done in a while
yep coming for me that says a lot
doesn't it okay where is why am I having
so much problems oh we did it get any
lollipops my mom's always a good at
feeling free candy
I guess it's stealing the boots free Oh
toys for the good believe it or not I
was fascinated with these things I have
one it's my time y'all
firstly here first layer skin coming off
although this is healthy this is what
it's supposed to do adult stuff you have
another lollipop
I need other lollipops that I'm eating a
lollipop timing a lollipop we eat some
grass greens
Trippi isn't by my mom needs some grass
you can never get that one our Jeff is
the funny things my mom gets truly
embarrassed online but I know you guys
love mama trapeze that's why I put her
on there
don't be embarrassed they love you I
can't find it can't buy my lollipop I
don't know why there's nothing there
that giant ass purse the video messed up
yesterday
so we're racing home to fix that and
then I'm going to go get a massage and I
should eat first should probably eat
before I get a massage should eat
something disgusting like beans so I'd
fart all over the place I got a joke
about pizza my hair joke about pizza I
took I tell you about a CGP Oh
keep them coming guys I love these
cheesy jokes no pun intended
alright there was a planning last night
I gotta upload the video got a re-export
not below the video I should say I don't
know it just goes I'm sorry guys if it
hurts someones ears that was totally not
my intention I don't know what happened
actually but I'm just I'm gonna
apologize stressful unnecessary stress
fulness that's right Kobe here's the
test Marley one pickle and what have we
learned today
Marley eats everything except bananas
it's like a pig thing your people won't
eat thanks me milk God he's like a
freaking rank or the - wait
so after all that craziness my sister
was kind enough to schedule it a massage
for me so is it a creepy one there's a
second nice place this is not a jack
jack right that last one I went to may
have been one that's why didn't I go do
it it was freaky got all my adult
business stuff done and now I'm just
gonna relax his chill I don't want you
guys to see a hallway B it is maybe look
on the right side it's all perfectly
clear beautiful clearly what is that
it's waiting these than not the correct
terminology you've had to describe what
you said what would you call an ocean
full of ways
Internet would you call it choppy or
wavy tell me in the comments baby
Internet you're gonna decide this
argument did you hear about the guy who
lost his whole left side he's all right
now
oh my god these what do you call a fly
with no wings a walk wha
a fly with no wings did they walk the
knee slapper wait wait one more melissa
has one what happened to the thief who
stole a calendar I don't know he got 12
months
oh I love corny jokes back to bed that's
the thing that sucks about massages if
you get him in the midday he's fun right
- man that's bright like my damn face
over the door
my 29 years I didn't know about this
about my sister watch what happens when
I turn the volume to a 7 guess what it's
a 6 let's just put it to a a 9 j7 on
even numbers do you think odd numbers
are ugly wait wait over this before
that's where I get the blankets you want
another blanket
yeah remember you told all your viewers
to tweet me odd numbers pissed me off
everyone tweet Melissa at Melissa Trippi
odd numbers guys want in the day of a
park I've been cooped up why I was
running errands why my ending every
sentence with an inflection like a
question doesn't it sound like it sound
like a valley girl you guys want some
water this is in case ok I gotta go lay
down
the napkin
so a little dog's name is Riley and I
think it's Marley's boyfriend say your
boyfriend Riley I've been going to the
dog park and it's so funny my sister's
lived here maybe about a year and I've
been meeting more random people at the
dog park than my sister sister has the
entire year or two years that she's been
living here all right so before I pass
out because I haze was really actually
an eventful day I actually want to give
a shout out to one of the awesome
sponsors of the CTFxC which is Opinion
Outpost at that website I was always
talking about where you can give your
opinions and review movies TV shows food
and new products that are actually not
available yet so it's kind of like this
exclusive thing you can get like rewards
like gift cards for Amazon or iTunes and
all that fun stuff and then I think they
do quarterly ten thousand dollar
drawings or prizes so down there it's
free to sign up click there check it out
actually you can go to the promotion tab
in Gmail to make sure you can see all
the awesome little sections of things
you can check out it's just one of those
cool sponsors that we have and I just
wanted to remind you guys to sign up if
you guys have not done it yet it's free
and on Twitter people have been telling
me they've been loving it they've been
getting cool like little rewards and
stuff like that like the gift cards that
I was talking about so you can check
that out links down there too
description it's free to sign up and do
all that fun stuff so I figured you guys
would like it it's a cool sponsor and I
just wanted to say thank you to them for
hooking up the CTFxC and helping the
CTFxC in the videos continue to grow so
go check it out if you guys want to and
participate and check out some stuff
that you might not normally get to on
that note I am definitely gonna go to
bed because I'm exhausted it doesn't
feel like I did a lot of stuff but
behind the scenes I was doing a trend
amount of stuff adult business II stuff
I hope you guys enjoyed today's video
and don't forget to click the subscribe
button and Marla are you embarrassed
these she's embarrassed are you
embarrassed that I told him about Riley
I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
don't forget to click that subscribe
button and have a great night guys
doodles
you
