hello everyone today is the day I be -
sorry I've bumpkin bread in my mouth but
I'm gonna try that again
hello everyone today is the hope of I
trials day so I'm getting a haircut I
got my healthy juice and trying to be
healthy but I got I couldn't it couldn't
help it I got some pumpkin bread I'm
talking about yesterday's craziness that
my mom and I had and then poker face
came on she's like songs funny my mom
likes poker face any your best poker
face
I feel like people would know you're
bluffing they're like me can't like not
laugh where I get it because no matter
what I'm doing I always have to laugh on
something there we go feel much better
and I got a joke mom what do you call an
alligator in a vest I couldn't tell you
an investigator
keep em coming guys keep them coming
what does that mean that's the cat you
name to remember
she's my name well I added men in hotels
been in it's you talk about cheese TV we
can't cheese ya mannan
I think it's French my friend's cat was
named that mm-hmm
I liked him what he was cute so it's so
fancy do my mom's errands she wants to
go to turdus and get some cups lifetime
guarantee guys we're gonna share hurry
up because I just farted in here and go
time to get out of the car come on I
can't be held responsible mom get out
get out mom get out it's like a horror
movie who's gonna be one of those days
mom Aaron's getting cups where the hell
did she go mom
mom get him replaced yeah
lifetime guarantee no don't break them
you probably know how to do it you
wanted it broken so I didn't I did what
you wanted
you're welcome you want those manatees
that Lee's saying oh you want me to
break these this is a mom Aaron
bunch of cups oh they're adorable look
it's the tattoo you wanted to get right
$40 only this the tattoo you idiot
yes so mom when you're getting that
tattoo you're gonna get on your butt
still don't be a bear stall getting a
tattoo on your butt mom nobody's
listening to me all right now I want to
get some pictures printed out from
Summerfest never got around to doing
that oopah well there's a reason why I
didn't get those things printed because
every time I do it doesn't work had the
Sun is hurting my two so bad a lock hey
guys I got some awesome news we are 20
2004 we were twenty two point four
thousand away from 1.5 million
subscribers on the CTFxC we are that
close to 1.5 million if you have to
subscribe subscribe and tell all your
friends actually we need twenty two
point four thousand of your friends so
close finally getting around to hanging
up the 1 million the gold play button as
well and the silver play buttons so
since that thing is like literally am I
kidding it's like 50 pounds I have to go
get these special like hooks I'd be like
sleeping and all of a sudden BAM mill
the night every time I got on the heat
and the Sun it's just like um mom I'm
over here over here nails and screws
nuts and bolts and screws there's that
many screws they put screws on there
again I like the idea of these no
drilling needed counting with a hammer
I hate the fact that I feel like an
idiot when it comes to like hardware and
stuff like that but what comes to it
like a computer and technology I can
just take things apart like blindfolded
but here like a screw and a nut in the
bowl I'm just like what
what's a washer I'm exaggerating I know
what this stuff is but just don't know
which one just ass but you got it I
don't think we can actually give you a
kit you wouldn't be able to check that
in the airplane I think it's too heavy
and then the little guys since everyone
seems to make fun of me when I hang
things I got my dad to come help me
watch out Marley you just like standing
there it's not doing anything
well hey sale houston we have a problem
hey I high-five plaque even even enough
bucket okay Zoey progress what'd you
guys think
what's better than a stupid mirror I
think it's even the good news is that we
have a chandelier in the way did you
bring a bone did you bring a bone for us
well thank you maybe I can use those a
hammer
oh now you want it back like no I was
just kidding I'm gonna take it away what
what
who's this Marley who's this who's that
like I don't know she's pretty though my
god just imagine if there was two
Marley's I couldn't handle it - imagine
that - Marley's existed no no Marley is
enough one Marley is enough for two so
as you can see I moved the mirror
because I wanted to have this for all
that stuff so we guys think now it opens
this room a little bit should get
another mirror for here so now it just
looks like a delusion what you think
Zoey
so go back to my sisters because she was
nice enough to schedule a massage for me
so tomorrow morning I'm going to get
that massage I've been wanting and
meeting on my back and my shoulders and
here's something funny I want you guys
to make fun of me I don't have my camera
so that's why I'm going on this I know
I've been doing this five years you
think I remember it but I'm taking the
advice of the internet and just kind of
relaxing a little bit more Oh internet
you want to go for a ride can't believe
I forgot my camera oh this is the one
I'm using I'm using the one that's
probably like 400 years old
toasting what are you doing back there
sup buddy lets his face do it but they
do it
every time I hear are we the King song
is your car
I guess be pumped up for Warped Tour and
for Summerfest that's Summerfest guys
can you tell I'm tired slam thank you
slam dunk fest ed the European test what
and then warped or just kiss me so
pumped up thinking about it anyway I'm
gonna stop talking down how to do it I
come to see my sister without going to
Wawa and she's starting to think I just
come up here just for a while and until
we get one it's true you see that oh you
found it we're gonna switch did you see
when I was saying right there the two
dudes there's two dudes just looking at
my tattoo blowing like I've never seen
that much detail and two random guys
were taking photos doing a little photo
shoot of my arm I just saw them like
looking at you and I was like how do we
jump this kid yeah I had my taser ready
person hang out party time Tyson has
this habit of putting himself to bed
when he's tired which is actually kind
of funny but it's kind of funny also
because he's the anti-social remember
guys tell all your friends cuz we were
so close to 1.5 million tell family
friends everyone at school I think we
can actually do it guys that's the CTFxC
mission if they were so close we can do
it I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
don't forget to subscribe and figure
eyes are brand new and all right guys
dudas bye
you
