good morning guys so last night King
sucked I slept on this side of my arm I
slept on my right side the entire night
I woke up and I was completely just in
pain but what's going on over here come
on good job old lady anyway is a
beautiful day I just can't get myself to
get out of bed yet my arm is killing me
right now but I keep looking at it and I
know it's worth it it's always the day
after I can't believe I slept on her
hugs side of my head arm what are you
doing up here yes only sneak up here
it's funny cuz in the evening I have
them sleep in other places and then they
always sneak up here nope still haven't
gotten up but this is I open my eyes
want to see something funny look at
these little Grinch feet all right here
is going to be the interesting thing
taking this damn shirt off so I can take
a shower hi guys I think I describe this
to you guys before it's like literally
getting a sunburn and then having a cat
scratch it you guys wanna go this is
what I call karma I had this from last
night because I was cleaning my tattoo
she's got to do with cold water when the
last thing you do I had it like that I
turned on the stupid shower it got me
called Karma anyway someone will fly the
helicopter cuz I haven't done that and
probably a month or so I'm actually
looking forward to it this is Florida
right here
we want this not this so we're waiting
for this to blow over so I can fly the
stupid helicopter so we Marley want to
go run is when i run around sounds like
she has laryngitis well gotta postpone
the flight scrap the shuttle mission
houston we have a problem this tonight
we're actually going up to me phil's
parents we actually have it as a family
med phil's parents so we're gonna do
that so i should be fun today I've
dropped in the camera so be nice family
dinner girls can't come nobody money
formerly basically we're like storm
chasers but the opposite the opposite of
storage chambers chasers if it blew go
for the blue chasers what's wrong all
right we're gonna do it all right guys
ready to go to helicopter vision
oh I forgot how much I love this thing
remember guys two more months or three
more months how many months into warp
tour so if you see it like a drone at
warp tour it's probably me so make sure
to say hi
see those two trees right there I'm
gonna go through them
all right you did it it's careful
laughing oh oops end it to the tree so I
got too cocky too quick yeah well rescue
it okay you can see it's in a tree right
now and now the rains coming don't
really get this thing out I taller than
I thought oh don't sound a bitch okay
remember which trees they were we're
down further it was between me ok here
it is awesome nice and high no the hell
am I gonna get better start climbing
shall I bring the car hey I have an idea
shake hotter Bob shake harder boy what
are you gonna do with that spear it go
for it
oh not even close cigar all right I
gotta climb a tree no you're not gonna
climb a tree careful uh yeah I it's been
top branch keep going easy for me to say
right all right we needed we need to get
a laugh he's gotta go it's nesting rate
at the top of their warriors oh I know
what we have what jumper cables what do
we do those we could throw jumper cables
up there iris done i'm not in the energy
we need a rope but because that third
propeller had it will spin so it's
keeping it at this like whoa kind of
like RPM otherwise I could just is the
battery going a little bit what am i
doing just document the fact that I'm
going to kill myself now do not do that
please I know that I think the car the
car ID and better than what you're doing
nope oh yeah keep going keep going here
it is almost am I supposed to catch it
probably okay how am i sup okay success
it was a soft landing Oh victory
teamwork trippy way to help you here
think about it
I think was right in here alright sounds
good I get a rock I don't know if I can
find a rock in this area it wasn't the
place please for trying yes we try to
put things back drop that on your toes
Jim caveman I made fire what the hell
hey get on the water Zoey Marley turn
turn our best look at them good thing
I've got that big blanket all right ah
she says but it's so much fun thank you
you guys are both assholes you know that
both of you look what you do see these
are honestly the best vlogs and best
days than i ever have are the ones where
you go out to do something simple and
just insanity it just kind of happens is
these are the days i want to remember
it's just the craziness the simple
craziness nothing crazy happens what
kind of counters but I said nothing
insane happens it's all very normal
stuff normal but it's just fun it's just
fun stuff fun crazy in a role
when life gives you lemons you say that
I won't lemonade and you roll in the
grass is get in the water you were
holding the grass and to get in the
water just an amendment to that when
life gives you lemonade one out how we
got to get your bath stuff
she's filthy I know is she's on a white
blanket of course all right where is she
you can see little feet prints
everywhere you are in trouble get over
that little puppy both stink both the
bed stuff both the bad stuff don't make
me feel like a bad guy guys okay all
right well I'll allow it we got to be
filled parents say come on it's a busy
day today come on come with the busy day
today you go swimming tomorrow so my mom
and my dad are now we're all meeting up
with phil's parents and Melissa because
it's the first time the families have
actually met each other so I'll be
completely honest I might not film a lot
because I don't want to make anyone feel
like awkward in front of the camera and
it's the first time so anyway I'm going
to be filled family for the first time
it's a blue that I'm nervous is there
probably Melissa
when I was editing the video so you know
this just happened is that gonna go so
you guys literally just take time travel
in don't you guys just saw this yeah
okay
pretty nice I'm sorry I wasn't allowed
to bring dogs because it all full
freaking varina literally I'm not doing
anything to make him talk right now so
tonight was awesome like I said I didn't
want to film because it was the first
night my family was actually meeting
Phil's family it was awesome families
got along completely swimmingly the way
I'm gonna go to bed now because I have a
haircut tomorrow cuz everyone read note
that i have shaggy hair again and the
slam dunk festival starts in a week so i
got to make sure I look my best anyway
so if you guys are brand new to the
videos please don't forget to click the
subscribe button and i truly hope you
guys enjoyed today's video because
today's video was kind of like one of
those days or reminded me of why do
these videos just simple simple fun you
know with family and friends but i'll
see you guys tomorrow as always have a
great night
