tattoo day
no you're gonna move really
Wow anyway I'm up super early because I
gotta go get my tattoo done today I'm
really excited I don't know what tattoos
going to be done but my arm is going to
be tattooed for this half sleeves for
this full sleeve eventually you enjoying
it out here skuzzle-butt is it too hot
for you is it too hot going home good
tattoos go on tattooing here Marley you
got a tattoo of a squirrel
somebody Photoshop a tattoo of a
squirrel right now Marley we were
heading to the tattoo appointment my dad
got sucked into wah-wah I think he's
more addicted than me so he won't
wah-wah over you know Marley I don't
think they have mahi-mahi R is that you
new Fisher choice is that your new food
of choice well I'm sorry I'm alright
yeah get your little top hat monocle
down tattoo damn today getting my
sustenance you get a tattoo today my
Stewart one day you're gonna break I'm
gonna get you do it
not gonna happen
get Colby and your cats on there you get
a sleeve of cats
so I played a little prank on my sister
she has a shower that you have to pull
up the nozzle on the faucet if you don't
do it it blasts you in the face and my
mom just told me she hey Jim I did my
plan my prank work on you okay - our
prank though the one word like you want
to take a shower in a blast view of fate
in the face I'm glad it worked
victory victory Julia I have no idea how
long I've been setting that up just
waiting like every time she wants to
take a shower I was just like this like
waiting to see if she would notice it
but I wanted to hear there's like
because what I would do is I lift the
thing up and I would aim the nozzle so
when you turn it on it would just spray
you in the face high five mom I got it
come on guys they need more pranks to
get my sister and we're back ready to do
this see what we can do I see this one
getting mom
and it's just gonna say I heart mom
right on the planet this is I can't wait
for this stuff just the purple and the
blues so this is your your bicep hmm is
your ditch and this is where that plan
is going so the shape of this will kind
of go with your with your musculature so
we're gonna stencil that rock we're
gonna stents a little planet and we're
just gonna you know this is where your
your ship is with the dog oh yeah that's
something's touching right so we don't
have a whole lot of moon back there
that's true that's good I'm just gonna
fill in that space no I was going to the
hole yeah that's a good that's a good
idea
I mean really whether we go we got the
outside of your arm get dad's allowed
all right so this is the only stencil I
think we're doing more okay - got two
stencils I'm sorry if I just don't
listen to DMS I guess anymore is this
didn't secretary this one to fuse round
four of the sleeve down four or five
fifty how long do you think it's gonna
be a year five at least five years 15
five years no we come back to see Dimas
for our next five years
well do this for like a couple years
that will go to the left arm big
chemistry the water to make the gray I
lift off because it's a space that feel
actually we did they're funny
CMS do so funny I hear red sheet cheesy
joke oven how I Ron what do you call a
fish with no eyes you like that one back
there no your joke you had a joke - no
idea this is good it's not better
surprisingly this is not so bad so
Dennis and I are still friends to the
bottom right under the the spaceship is
what he's working on now
so far this one's been easiest one knock
on wood
look the camera they can't really do
that now I really thought the bicep is
the best we haven't started the ditch
the ditch is like the inner elbow and
then the elbow which I here's the worst
point so we're gonna do those later
that's where not D must have don't wear
a hat fuck you man a hockey helmet and
I'm coming with a stick hockey pads and
hockey helmet now make you sign the
waiver you said it yeah
highlighters aren't just for history
books actually Zanna
this is the highlighter if you know the
permanent marker booth pepper perfect
we knew that too is just use primer
largest hurts less that a freckle over
prickle another one on it there yeah
it's as a desperate got a natural ass
word on it
Oh baby Saturn guess let's do this
doing good up there come on join the
dead yeah bake a well we got a couple
hours might as well looking good
sure you don't want one still well you
want a butterfly lose want to do a
butterfly black on here born in the
colors a little bit of purple
that's so much
so cool mmm
bubbling seepage it's so far than the
easiest and especially since the chest
poor girls Matt's out so the boyfriend
don't know how that's happening it was I
was just talking about her
the look of a serious man I was
especially off the back of the arm
listen I was just talking about how we
hope that like by showing all these
different procedures of tattooing it
kind of destroys some of the negative
stereotypes and stigmas of tattoos or
just the process if it's like you can
see how clean he was this whole process
is so that's one thing that he could
really cold up filming this whole
process and so this is Liz she's she's a
little shy but she has told me a funny
joke I told of the fish joke on Telus
new joke I don't know so now you guys
know too cheesy jokes so we swap jokes
alright for another joke Eva says well
now what happens when you play a country
song backwards I don't know get your dog
back you get your house back you get
your wife back alright so you guys have
now I have three awesome cheesy jokes to
work with finishing touches she's gotta
add the Stars then I think we're almost
done then we're gonna just do something
with meteor or meteors meteorites the
asteroids floating rocks and the moment
of truth they have looks so awesome
sunburst like Dimas was saying I came
input with little tattoo leaving with
lots of tattoo kill the dude I killed it
blow flames and everything killed it
well that was a freaking successful
tattoo session right there
we got like so much you time you guys
saw that anyway now I'm wrapped up like
a turkey so I got like a turkey honestly
wasn't thinking that we're gonna get the
whole thing done that's pretty amazing
and it looks freaking awesome so pumped
we're just think instead of look pretty
awesome isn't it
saran wrap the greatest worse than that
your faces I don't make my hair look all
cool good right alright guys well I'm
going to turn this little doohickey off
and go watch a bad movie and kind of
relax cuz as I was getting tattoo today
Dimas was laughing cuz I was going like
this and just falling asleep as he was
literally jabbing me with needles so I'm
gonna go bad I'll see you guys tomorrow
as always hope you guys enjoyed where
we're going with this tattoo and also
don't forget if you has a brand new to
the videos please click that little
subscribe button so you can hang out
every single day and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always bye guys
you
