good morning guys time to edit with a
little dog there she is
yeah work off that fish guys that joke
was funny you know it is this is
definitely a dad joke was so funny
it is another beautiful effing day way
you only need to do I need to get rid of
this stupid farmers tank top ten before
Warped Tour because it's so embarrassing
you know that day we went fishing should
not have worn a tank top let's just say
that suppose like Bruce I don't move
she say are to see it I were to see it
well you got such good eyes get that
squirrel Marley you get that squirrel
you show it who's boss just taking a
little nap out here it's like I love it
when the sun's out the breathers the
breathe guy the breathers okay looks
like they're having fun as enjoying it
nice day huh
I'm gonna take a nap outside when I want
to get I want to get a hammock I want to
get a hammock when I get home it's funny
every time I think of hammocks I was
thinking that episode of Scorpio
episodes and sins it's like hey weirdo
get a hammock oh you can own a hammock
some more and forth or hammocks plus on
4th or hammocks et cetera
oh that's 1/4 to a matter of fact
they're all in fourth oh the hammock
district you ever seen the Scorpio
episode is probably the best Simpsons
episode ever
lady look at me I'm getting smart using
my shoe as a pillow the tour life in me
usually got use your resources that it
might be just a boy scout
no games walking anymore alright girls I
got a good lunch going to Wawa you guys
want anything from wok anything no guys
ready for daily ducklings daily
ducklings they're gonna get so big we're
literally gonna watch these things grow
up on the internet we got a name them
seven of them seven names guys I forgot
how much fun it is actually ride a bike
I hold on I think I'm actually yelling I
forgot how much fun it is to actually
ride a bike it's just so much fun it's
just so relaxing I need to bring up my
helmet that's what I need to bring
doesn't feel like an idiot not wearing a
help and run it down but I got a game
plan gonna bail into the grass every
time I ride a bike I always think a
Wizard of Oz see if I can still do this
I don't think I do about beach cruiser
sprite Dom you know what I'm not gonna
do this not until I get a helmet on
Wow I'm an idiot Liberty says wear a
helmet excuse me ma'am do you not
understand this concept are you gonna
wrap around me - dick don't do this I
like how you get both this so they go
this way wrap around Marley they go
around this way wrap around Zoey all
right some people might think I'm
exaggerating this stuff I'm really not
this is honestly my dogs are just jerks
all right I'm just gonna cut this to
make it look like I know what I'm doing
so I post this on my Instagram yesterday
like a blanket dude and it's actually a
photo of Marley and man let me show you
guys if you're not following me on
Instagram
I mean honestly truthfully Marley's
pretty damn determined you only mean she
one day we'll get a squirrel and she'll
probably have no idea what to do with it
right mom I got the okay to go on
rollercoasters
so naturally I'm going to Universal yeah
first time back on a roller coaster so
honestly this is the first roller
coaster since the surgery I'm pretty
excited right now nervous
here we go
oh yeah Bunter always like it's good
very great from all right all right now
I gotta slow down go to spider-man I
don't take a little easier did you see
that just by a second man you buy
trouble can't be far away
so I'm gonna try to do the dr. doom now
this is the one they always had to be
gentleman on so I don't know if I'll be
I'll actually do it I'm going to try
I survived
Harry Potter wah-wah by the way it's
gotta give a shout-out to Trey a CTFxC
er that works here I just give me some
cool little tidbits about the Harry
Potter world you know where all the food
is here like they actually use that in
the movie I did not know that actually
so the way I fly right now
that's the thing I was talking about
that was used in the movie maybe phone
if I could find
three
come on easy
that sounds like a monkey can't leave
this place without going to my favorite
place on the planet better than Disney
World
better than Magic Kingdom Krusty Burger
Simpsons world love it here you got to
do it haven't been inside his mouth in a
while dude did it it it it did it is did
it to do a couple of kids are up to no
good started making trouble in the
neighborhood so it'll be ball gang now
we're gonna leave my favorite place in
the world
seriously dog you really love this
blanket doing it Wow all right well time
to go to bed for you
how you doing mighty mighty excuse me
Zozo do you like that blanket
she's been addicted to display it ever
since I got it so today was awesome
I got the approval from my doctors they
got they said I can go back I'm
obviously on roller coasters so just you
know impromptu trip to Universal so I
can ride and honestly it felt so good it
felt so rewarding it felt like I was
back to normal you know I mean hashtag
normally get an type thing it's crazy
like those little things like that we're
just after going through stuff makes you
feel like you're you're back to normal
just little things like riding a roller
coaster you know I mean just triumphant
it was an awesome day I met a bunch of
CTFxC heirs so I just want to say hi to
everyone they met today well yeah it was
so amazing to get back on the horse I
guess you could say kind of fell off for
a little bit now back on the horse the
roller-coaster horse and also the
exciting news tomorrow morning I'm
working on the sleeve or trying to
finish the rest of the sleeve with Dimas
so I'm incredibly excited to see the
rest of this thing so I'm going to get
some sleep now because it's going to be
a long day I think it's gonna be like
probably 11 a.m. to maybe 9 p.m. or 8
p.m. or something like that
it's going to be a long freaking day
just getting jabbed with needles but
before I go to bed I just wanted to say
thank you guys for riding along this
rollercoaster of a life that I have and
it's just so much fun to be able to
share this stuff with you guys and I
just want to say thank you guys you can
I'm gonna go to bed
you guys are brand new don't forget to
click subscribe and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always get ready for
tomorrow's video because it's going to
be pretty cool I can't wait to see what
other what other stuff we can add to
this baby but I will see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night
toodles
you
