good morning Internet so nerd rock and I
just slept through four alarms somehow
just now we're rushing to make the cab
we can do it buddy I'm up now give me
one of those days
now I really want to hit the an alarm no
no rid of it all looking like this
that's cab driver goes this man right
here actually bringing stuff in for us
we're here in the rock I think we got
here in less like five minutes we're
gonna do this buddy we're gonna get home
somehow we're gonna get home I didn't
know if I said good morning to you guys
yet hi get that belt on there nerd
nice I can see the gate I can see the
gate they're loading up right now we're
going to make this internet high five
one two three high five
that's how we should start the morning
that's what there's no vodka can't
somehow we did it
Nero doc had one of those like home
alone Kevin that's how we woke up now
we're completely up no idea but somehow
we actually on this flight had no idea
why we just pulled that off
right Ajanta so much don't want me to
Atlanta then terminating for one of our
white we made it
oh one more stop never hold find
different sections of the country though
yeah like I were both badasses with
pillows on our back hanging tough you
only look like a badass with a pillow on
your back in the airport so there's a
kid I think it was like seven or eight
oh it was like a score because you could
totally find on the plane and nobody
would know it was you
old man I did the same thing like older
guys and younger kids you can fart as
much as you want her plane no one's
gonna think it's you ever ever ever
heard that asleep young guy
farts under plane completely breath
annoying it is to fly in the Tampa
however they do have Starbucks
however they do not have my juice
they also sad thing is there's no dead
and there's no fist-pumping it makes you
feel incomplete flying it really feel
incomplete right now
however 12 hours early it's pretty damn
awesome that for some stupid reason the
only flight of the Sarasota gets home at
11 p.m. so I saw that I immediately was
like somebody if you could didn't think
Melissa gonna fight she could fight she
can hold her own when I was little she
used to punch me and then cry to mom and
then I would get in trouble stand over
you would say you asked I hate with big
boxes do you have pink ones oh my god
you do have pink box and gloves is that
just kind of like like if you knock them
out like wah wah oh wow what I whoo my
sister's OCD so I messed with their
little light switches does it need to be
up or down it's up its up now put it
down
weird you ARBs cuz they're calling you
both the monk Moses now was the monk
from now on so Charlie redid he did this
the wrong way didn't you oh he's trying
to no this is right nope this is wrong
because when you leave you want to turn
it up you're weird don't be mean
you come bearing goodies see now you
shut it off because you turning it on
and then when you walk out you turn it
on duh get it
gather goodies from the road I wasn't as
much dark as Earth excitement do it
again goodies from the boom hey fellas
Huey Dewey Louie
I think the mom just gave me the middle
finger is leaving now I was just a
switch theory right so we want to go
beat up with my mom for Mother's Day
because originally I was going to get
home till 11 p.m. so she's kind of
excited that I'm home
yeah on purpose anyway so I sent her
some chocolate-covered strawberries from
Melissa and I and she was pretty stoked
I tried to get her a male stripper she
didn't want it this year next to your
mom IRA just got you oh all right all
right oh yeah you shouldn't put makeup
on and drive all right so we're gonna
need my mom for dinner I'm gonna take
her out
we're gonna take her out for dinner for
Mother's Day got your phone
that sounded like a phone drop now it
looks like a comb let's go I mean it's
all the way down there
how'd we get him to do it hello howdy
Patterson choose a vote I want mr. toad
maybe I don't know a thing about boats
but I look like a boater they do it in
my converse worst boating shoes ever
good Mother's Day are you didn't bring
your little stripper your male stripper
this is a nice little view eat it eat
your kick and shrimp is really hot let's
get a little wagging in there the strip
is a little way is it was his weighing a
shrimp way
you're a wimp
I had to stop eating to show you guys
this beautiful catalogue Florida look at
my tiny little burgers compared to your
burger trying to show it up showing me
up on good thank you Mother's Day this
is wonderful water had used to say
wonderful wonderful why do you have
those things just cuz I didn't want her
to have to carry him fake photoshopped
so he went to go pick up the little pups
and Marley knock down Melissa's
mahi-mahi now it smells like a fish in
here you bad them and mosquitos out did
you eat that whole fish see I'll find it
as it is
her breath smells like fish remnants of
it still so gross Marley if you ate that
fish you better eat it all now how big a
big season we burping up fish big let me
show you where it is
guilty
face of a guilty dog listen I've been
watching all these SNL things cuz she's
got this thing called a DVR I didn't
even know other thing existed sarcasm
that's only eight episodes that's true
so don't get nervous I see you liking
the blanket now I hate that it's so cold
winner winner right here so he likes it
too you know fish coma guys I got a joke
for you guys I saw this on SNL I want to
retell to you guys there's not my joke
what do you call a fish with no eyes
right get it it has no eyes no have is H
is FSH we bought these top two fish
jokes all right guys I'll see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night
and thank you for watching today's video
don't forget to subscribe you guys are
brand new and I got things I'll be sure
she poops herself bye guys
