- morning guys all right Oliver how does
it played out just wash your teeth I
notice if I do the back of my neck right
here and then the back of my knees I
instantly get cool
yeah now I'm cold
oh there is it's funny he's chilling
right there
it's a blue jay le and I thought there
was a bird in the house right
I said bird going on currently bred to
learn he ran
they flew but you scared him why'd you
scare him yeah I thought it was in the
house we have one more day until our
adventure at Halloween Horror Nights
which is the day watching today it will
be in tomorrow's video I guess it would
be yeah cuz this Friday you think after
like 8 or 9 years I'd actually know what
I'm talking about I'm just good at
faking it but I got my camera light
which is going to be perfect so that way
you can see by the way if you didn't
watch the last couple ones I told you
guys I was up in their little eye I'll
do it again the last couple years
because I was wrong by the way this will
be our third or fourth fourth year I'll
put the up in the I the previous year so
you can go watch those and prepare
yourself for this one that's coming up
on Saturday it's the same group of
people
Danny Valentino my sister my mom we're
just gonna have soda and then Ali forgot
Ali yeah maybe you're right yeah I'll
get my wife this would be the first time
as my wife
yeah isn't it crazy
well that was the other thing Lally and
I were talking about do you think Ali
she cut her hair short like a big finger
no not a pixie cut just now the edge
buzz cut yeah no I think just above your
shoulders I wonder how much every time I
don't really know he's put up in a bun
what do you think guys
do you guys remember that time where she
faked you guys out and she had it like
kind of like cut a little bit she's put
it behind her head you don't think so I
think it'd look good I think you're
gonna check it out right now called
Geneva I think you're gonna check it out
I'm not cutting my head actually it was
the way she cut my hair I kind of like
my hair now it used to be really bad but
I think I figured it out things out I
mean mother of God it can't be worse
than that hair yes that was me those are
those are the type of photos and videos
that will haunt me for years where my
future children will pull that up just
like I used to pull up my my parents and
see my dad and a giant afro and be like
what that'll be the photo or video or
all of those because they're never
coming off the internet there's one
thing about that hairstyle is that it
set me apart back in the days of MySpace
and YouTube so I became this like like I
had a unique look I didn't just blend in
because I looked ridiculous I guess I'm
like a clown at the same time kind of
worked I mean it kind of worked if I
look like I do now back then amongst
everybody it would just look like
everyone else but if I looked a little
weird and strange I stand out this
reminds me of those slide where the
slides as a kid and you go down and as
you're doing it everything would pinch
you and there's pretty much deadly but
they were awesome I don't think that
happens anymore so I got the light for
Halloween Hornets like I keep saying but
I want to try something different and
basically make like a little
Frankenstein rig yeah how do we show you
I'll just show you guys so I would do I
couldn't put a light up here because
this is where the microphones are so
it's thinking like right here oh man
that doesn't work
that on the bottom has like one of those
screw things I wish I could show you but
I can't like oh it's like right there
you know you see it but I was the screw
that end and then I was gonna use this
like a cold shoe so that way the light
would be kind of like underneath here
it'd be kind of like a little
Frankenstein red but at this point I
think it would work but at this point a
glass of two or three years I just
suited my hand so I think I might just
do my hand I mean we can always try and
like and make it Frankenstein's monster
camera literally before me I kind of I'm
afraid to do that though like to get
such success was simple but we can do it
today and then try it out and see if it
works
they let us actually scary time cuz they
actually dug I said they actually let us
record with a light not just like
sneaking it so so if you guys haven't
seen it last year and they're born
that's right it's up in the eye it's a
ball man didn't the internet teach you
other slang other than to bomb
I just I say rad jabong we need to get
an eyeglass repair kit because the back
of this thing is going to fall off
there's like little screws good job I
just literally I saw the vision work so
I was like oh I gotta get that guys
raise some embarrassing photos of Ali is
this you well there's early you were
cute
what happened I was gonna do the dog
whisperer oh this miss Lola over there
that's actually super funny let's just
see this is what our future baby girl
probably look like I think I'm trying to
get the reflection there we go I don't
know I think so we try to make that same
face it's like a derpy face yeah well
you gotta tell your head like this wait
you gotta go like this and then go like
this and then you gotta make big goofy
face you look up look over here
that's so funny
and there's Kate and Matt right there
it's so funny that's it looks like you
and that looks just like them it's funny
it's like you're the same people that's
yours it's uber baby
yeah my brother was little bold I think
everyone had that haircut
there's Cailin and then like five for
like - that's - I don't know maybe three
maybe this one oh there's a cup that's
why I'm all right there
Oh 89 I was born 87 yeah so - yeah yeah
we had to do a color and this is what
was in my house so we had funny bread or
like my liver tried so I had to find a
bread that was in my house I was in
fifth grade so there was Bloody Mary Mix
in the basket
we just go this is ally - doesn't her
hair look brown in this one this was
actually our engagement party I think it
looks super Brown there so we ended up
driving some random way and we
accidentally came to the intersection
where we actually found Rica right here
on 49th Street great where that red car
was where she was trying to cross the
street like an idiot look what we found
on the road looks like we just adopted
the cat and then we parked right there
that's where we got her and I was
thinking about it like see how busy this
road is right now had it not been
evacuated because of the hurricane she
would have been gone she would not have
made that because look at this it's
always so--but this is one of the
busiest roads
49 that's so busy but luckily that
hurricane came and now we have a little
little little jerk
another little jerk oh you and Varys
snub me embarrassed in front of the
camera but you don't like it Cameron
your face
what what's wrong are you okay did
bother you you okay
are you crying
- kind of sweet cherry red lips Ali
broke down and decided to get some
Reese's bats they're supposed to look
like
can you see a flying going it's just
like a turd this cat starting to get
smart this is where she usually likes to
sit right this right so she's going a
little crazy right now watch this a
little nuts we're just gonna step
outside for a second and watch her
instantly calm down instantly calm in a
second I walk like inside she's gonna be
a crazy little cat isn't she getting big
though right you're getting so big big
old cat we actually kind of think maybe
yes I don't know if you guys have cats
like maybe you rake here something like
that but I kind of think that she's
doing even have like longer hair you
might have some shaggy hair I don't know
she likes it outside so you hungry
what's the food is one all right got the
light going here and see if we can
actually see stuff that's dark guys
can't see me right I won now the tuber
so he's gonna go like that to me and
then I go a distant blind myself way too
bright so five hundred dollars Frank you
like this port stowe and it takes a
handheld all it is this is gonna work
perfectly babe you wanna get the fried
fried frog legs
with alligator
Oh
so that's the horse all right I'm in
Japan
this is approved eating horse
I'm developing
it's not bad internet it's just
different
it could be awkward about it you don't
even know what to do
I got to go for the check back
I just discovered something we collect
ice cubes and mothers but
cat has no idea what's - she's like such
a stereotype I'm starting to think Rika
looks like an owl and a monkey combined
Rika telling you an owl and a freaking
monkey and this one just in our own
little world kind of feels sometimes
it's always half cat this is always my
favorite way like wind down the night
oh I fill this a lot but you guys have
no idea this is how I pretty much every
single night just entertains me just
watching Zoey do this reminds me - how
much of a puppy she still is and then
while he's judging from the corner just
judging everything I do you going to bed
buddy I use one bed so good name my
friend
all right Internet have a good night
we'll see you tomorrow
