the truth success well here we go again
that wouldn't be a show date without mr.
teddy
go find them what's his middle name by
the way or is laughing oh those fish of
those who are just fighting a two-door
fish so this is funny in the morning
he's always up here and then in daytime
Hillary comes down guess Ollie it's all
I can do pretty much lunch circles see
Ted see you in a couple days by the way
I realized this whole thing looks like
Bon Jovi right now I woke up my hair is
so full look fluffier than part of my
mom's in the 80s more traditions how's
it gone Ellie's geminus out the special
wall to me - I only know the local
tribes proximately 9:30 I feel like this
is where we're to be taken to Roanoke
flown by Randy Quaid I feel like we're
gonna be on a crop duster out of this
plane because there's like 16 16 rows we
see a blue light without accessories we
walk into like a bug zapper like every
single time wrap so the last trip I let
Danny use my headphones and then went
through the washing machine so I just
had to buy some replacement head phone
number washing machine with these guys
our favorite seats the red cubbies the
red cover yourself awesome come on
here
slowly I hate this thing so much so we
got like three hours for this thing
right now everyone's been looking at me
out right now so much I get some sleep
my new headphones this is the thing
about your buds I always feel like
they're jabbing in their little it was
chat me Andy here take the canal so I
wake up in this way so people can I want
to do a whole blog like this I seriously
need to do a serious like Charles :
sleeping across the world just take
photos of myself sleeping in awkward
position all over the world yet so I had
to move and for some reason this is way
more comfortable I actually have no idea
hey I know finally hey hundred I can't
decide if we're on a bus or a plane
right now I think we're gonna tell like
oh boy tell me item I've never been
asked I found a plan which cut out this
under an hour white pickup cutter now
with the head out
sir-sir
that's why I waited yes sir rocking the
key say we're up here sitting but
grandpa
they said they think old women
I think we should say this do you have a
wonderful career in music
I grabbed buzz officially the best fight
attended ever oh god bless ya okay my
job I gotta go now to see you again I'm
sure will
you're like the sorrel pilots private
plane right now so it just got out in
our rule it's 317 look at this no idea
where through 17x not there not there
not on the sign
how much way to go well there is no
never on the phone we'll take a look
we'll take of it that horn sounds weird
yeah it sounds like a train awesome
we just lose our drummer oh you forgot
inside ha ha ha Clark yes sir always
gonna be a father
it's good to get those tendencies of the
babe you know yet he's warming up by
risking a childhood from yeah get as
close as you can I don't want to touch
the floor want to get raised on the
stage for Jesus drive as much grass here
buddy
you can't give traffic keys but if you
put in wondering I'll be curious why but
Julian you're saying certain things in
the
basically also I could actually have a
conversation kind of really hard to talk
about it's a very sore subject very you
septic for me honestly I'm scared and I
don't know how to approach it
I'm not quite ready to talk about I want
people to understand that I'm not trying
to deceive I'm trying to be very honest
these videos always been about honesty I
mean he'll I've showed you guys
everything in my life my wait until
trans guys stop singing okay now they're
done I just kind of wanted to talk about
moving on like just moving on in general
I feel terrible but I feel like a lot of
people think I've been deceiving or
lying to you guys does this look like a
butterfly or but everyone knows what
happened one of those things that's just
life and you know I just wanted to kind
of talk with you guys about it because
there's gonna be a mess awkward stage in
these videos because you guys have been
here since the beginning five years you
wanna mean five years of my life are
online there's gonna be this awkward
transition where I don't know how to
transition you know I mean this is not
something myself
I don't think anyone else is you know
really done and uh my city of X years I
will explain things when I feel
comfortable I feel like I need to be
more honest about that basically is what
I'm trying to say but when I don't feel
comfortable about doing something or
saying something I'm just gonna be
completely honest about you guys to you
guys
I just really I don't feel comfortable
doing this or sharing this or filming
this that way I feel like we're on a
different level now a more trustworthy
level these are ten minutes of my day my
24 hours a day
I mean there's obviously some things I
just don't feel comfortable sharing or I
just don't want to share I want to keep
it to myself because you know it's like
what its life I hope Ally's moving on
and hope she is happy she finds
happiness started I truly want happiness
for her just like I know she wants
happiness for me and I don't want to
share something I'm just going to tell
you guys and I would sue you guys with
disrespect it's right to see me get
these big ones over here I'm not gonna
lie this is actually really hard for me
to talk about so I don't really know if
I'm saying the same things over and over
again I do to apologize my brain is like
like all over the place I'm trying to
it's like a hamster like a hamster wheel
and you know the hamster gets stuck and
goes inside down that's kind of like
where I'm at right now what I said uh
that these videos are for entertainment
I hope no one took that is like an
assault not my intention I just meant
because he always I would hope that my
life is entertaining for you guys
because then it's entertainment you
don't mean I didn't want to discredit
the years that you guys been watching or
becoming part of my family I meant no
offense and it didn't was offended by
that I am truly son my life I just got
to move on Ally's got to move on CTFxC
we just got to keep moving on that's
what life is
you can't sit still that's not what life
is for life is for living and if you sit
still you miss life sounds stupid and
sounds obvious but a lot of people
forget that I mean it's really kind of
what I wanted to talk about I hope that
kind of addressed a lot of the things
and concerns people were having and I
honestly feel a lot better getting that
off my chest
when I want to share something with you
guys that's really really personal I
will share I promise you guys so we're
trying to sign all these CDs and traffic
keep disappearing on us drag get in here
open some CDs yeah there's no room for
you alright that's walking haha I've
opened one
I can't Siva do it I'm like a
four-year-old
get a trap get it he's hitting on your
woman but Danny found beating Singh up
slow it actually is pretty satisfying
oh shut up
there you go how's that bad yeah hey ah
Timmy
open up whoa there we go I would really
piss off oh there we go
push me into it ha nerver stars don't
just like defense play awesome
yes huh Oh Double Down elbow down on
elbow down give us the winner who you
guys think is gonna win kool-aid or
Charles I hide it in the comment hey hey
hey hey
strike feel already how strong idea
he doesn't go easy man what's it to the
camera he drinks call every day thanks
for it Oh noodles all right Oh team
draft intro when I let go is when you
start woo what's going on pay attention
yeah look bad that's just what my face
is red who's winning their birthday boy
well we just brought it over to it's
tiny it's
behind god state Thank You kami for
bringing Soviet over the house party if
the redhead can carry his weight we come
on redhead it's through this I'm trying
to wait for Danny's birthday cook this
apparently I got late I don't know see
that Danny one you're late I'm gonna lay
the Internet Internet's got laid so I
had to fly out tomorrow I don't want him
skipping I'm happy I was gonna have to
fly out tomorrow at 6 p.m. but luckily I
did my first suasion skills on Delta and
nerd rock and I are flying out at 6 a.m.
so that means I get to go home literally
12 hours earlier in here huh no we got
to leave I feel like the answer like
hello could be anybody
whoever I can calling hello hello hey to
summer our brain and out drink so I'm
driving and you tribute have this thing
called gravity and always wins
sure Isaac it's been a crazy day and I
just want to come back around kind of
what I was saying earlier and just
wanted to say thank you guys for being
so understanding sticking around and
basically being an understanding
allowing me to live my life and
understand that I'm not perfect I make
mistakes I live life I mean honestly I'm
learning just like everyone else is
learning as they're living life and you
know it's an adventure it's totally an
adventure and just wanted to say thank
you guys for sticking around for the the
new chapter of my life the new adventure
and all that fun stuff so I will see you
guys tomorrow as always have a great
night don't forget to subscribe you guys
are brand new and all right bye guys
you
