good morning guys I don't you can hear
that that's how I had to wake up today
listen take a shower listening to
whatever the hell that is
by the way I'm using the badass blanket
and it actually is freaking warm it's
actually almost too warm
today's Danny's birthday and I got the
raise to give us a suite today so us and
a bunch of friends are going I'm going
to the Rays game today and we have our
own box suite for Danny's birthday so
don't ever say I'm not a good friend
Melissa play Slayer Melissa yeah Mel
come how does that thing
Melissa play Slayer play Slayer
all right place strife
Flair's happy play Fi
excuse me ma'am
all right so I can get used to living
with my sister Lucas so she woke me up
with all that craziness but she also
left a nice little smoothie for me
Carrollton a son of a bitch I can't I
open this oh that's my left hand it's
funny because like little things like
that I know I could just switch to my
right hand but I feel like I need to use
my left just to make sure that I can
still do things with my left hand
because sometimes I mean literally
sometimes not a lot I feel like my left
hand is still kind of weak on certain
things so I try to like you know
exercise it so it's kind of funny you
know I got this blanket from Alyssa as a
joke and then I end up sleeping on it
cuz it's so damn comfortable and I feel
like literally it's one of those things
where literally the joke was on me
because I was sleeping on it anyone okay
I'll shut up I'm being incredibly lame
right now watching work for videos from
2012 just getting pumped for this year I
am so excited for what for this you guys
I hope to see a lot of UCP of Exeter's
out there they will remember this day
but I don't I swear it was fun now I can
take a walker come on let's go to the
baseball game let's go through wedge is
on so we're going to the baseball game
okay I told you guys earlier it's
Danny's birthday I got the race they
gave us a suite so we're gonna go there
we're gonna meet up with everyone now we
kind of pregame so I'm pretty excited uh
yes okay this is why I don't do party
planning I almost had just like nervous
breakdown trying to make sure I have a
bunch of tickets and I completely forgot
Billy and Elena I sent them to her
tickets already and I just found out
Danny's birthday message should be at
the bottom of the third
this is why I don't party planning I'd
literally always had a heart attack he
looks like the calm me down
yeah buddy alright so medium rotifers
around there's the birthday boy
happy birthday never doing this again
nervous I can't do this I can't party
plan yeah I want to play your birthday
song being played here when you chamber
then have the Vandals though you give me
a sample of what I might be investing it
controller what so what's the extent of
what we get can we get a sample is your
name sir joke we get the Joe sample do
you like Danny happy birthday buddy so
let me see the Jersey I got my sister in
Jersey Lucy mine and I got myself one
Jane you know their seats right here
buddy
every time the raise gives us the sweet
always we get that we're actually here
to watch a baseball game I just hang out
got a corn dog gallons or doctor really
I don't want a corn dog I don't want a
corn dog that bad Danny give me a corn
dog
you got people who love you buddy with
somebody I know poor Elena what happened
one of the puppies now what are your
puppy's tactic my part of snake flap
harder I had to do it
screw crackerjacks really this is where
you supposed to clap your hands now I
went to clap my hands and I because
somebody told you to do it dropped my
drops in drink and it landed and stuck
right there by itself you were meant to
drink
JT cleaning up everything Beverly why
are you apologizing you're cleaning
Thank You Shane no one ever finishes
devilish red dick peppers this man is
still appetizing the camper the hot
okay that was a mistake that was a
mistake
it tastes like hot fire right now you
know I don't know if it's the fact that
we just the fact that we did it or the
fact that this is a lien from some
random table my nose got his rally cap
going towards them and I figured it
would work obviously did look at the
plate alone is a bit kitty cat
blue sky it's gross we yell his name
Axford ready 1 3 3 5 Norton 5 nourlangie
on guys sensibilities it's like if
you're cooking you like your face now
I'm like dripping just like Daryl Daryl
oh that's intercepts okay so anyone ever
in my life
is this considered bad sportsmanship oh
yeah but if it helps win
why not it's working so they had to
switch pitchers because we were talking
too much
I know don't judge this guy's this is
all good fun right Kaitlyn Kaitlyn's
gonna do this new thing from now on when
I'm vlogging so I'm just gonna go like
this and she's gonna walk in randomly so
from now on on tourists what tables
gonna be here get up Katie get up Katie
get him it's go that was pretty good
everybody here is nailing it on TV
what's even funnier that was fun for DJ
kitty walking by himself kids me ma'am
ma'am
she saw a cat she's going for it
it does look sad he's like kind of like
wallowing in it up this walk right now
I'm sorry I couldn't bring you to the
game you mad at me Zoe Bartholomew
missed you did fun hanging out with
Lauren Dennis all right guys why I gotta
finish packing and I got to go to bed
immediately because tomorrow we have a
really early flight because we have
showing Virginia I just wanted to say
thank you to the Rays for hooking this
up I'm making this awesome for Danny's
birthday so actually here I got
something for you guys make sure to go
Danny's Twitter and YouTube and say
happy birthday Donald dunking that's a
new thing we're gonna call him and I
definitely want to say thank you just
raised for hooking this up because I've
always wanted one like literally that's
trippy on the day you go see that I will
see you guys tomorrow as always don't
forget to subscribe if you guys are
brand new and all right bye guys
tomorrow's gonna be fun good night
you
