good morning guys five more minutes okay
fine I'm up I'm up
good morning guys
so this morning between the monster and
Dobie down there and the bird outside if
you guys hear the bird is just gonna cut
ha ha ha ha ha
the problem is I feel like if I get up
too early then I stay in bed longer you
know I mean so I'm trying to fight it
right now trying to fight it I want you
to eat that bird tell me shut the up
okay tell the do it 11
that's 6:00 in the morning okay I'm
gonna find them and have a nice talk you
bros come on gotta get up this
ridiculous is 1 p.m. son of a bitch how
does this happen
I think I saw me where was like you know
like people are doing this trying to
figure it out and then all of a sudden
it just cuts to the guy like running and
it's like victory that's so true look at
that little tail going someone's happy
this morning hey piggy are you happy
this morning yeah how about you you're
happy too this is probably how this
keeps happening
Zoe come on well you were clean very 12
hours let's go go inside that looks like
you are such a punk let's go let's go
this is what you call the biggest punk
in the world come on let's go outside
oh my god before after be honest guys
that look better with a beer or without
a beard I feel like it looks like a baby
when I shave my face
no that's a steel mustache I feel like
my dad's the only person gonna rock a
moustache is still a cool so today's
declare badass ugly shirt day where's
your shirt Marlee yeah you do need a
shirt okay
Touche you probably would look cooler
with muscle shirt you're right I'm sorry
I'll leave it alone I guess I offended
her excuse me ma'am ma'am going the
wrong way ma'am
rebel just keep going the wrong way
again their person just probably thought
I just flipped them off
look not you I promise it wasn't you
going the wrong way where you going the
hell are you going
I know this is the wrong way I was
following you
oh you don't you just pretend you like
me you pretend like you know where
you're going
so today my sister's going to the
neurologist because she has headaches
all the time so stop pretty much a pro I
thought I'd go with her just make sure
she's okay she'll be fine don't worry
about it anything like that just you
know migraines and stuff like that so
she's trying to find an alternative to
stopping migraines and I'm sure somebody
you're learning ma'am just like an
alternative if you guys have migraines
uh tell me some things they can like
relate to her baby so basically most is
just taking ecstasy this is that really
good to have migraines she's just on
drugs
my sister's on drugs which one you got
that was your choice I know cuz I pick
the red one can't look at the things and
see where they're at and choose
it was the one well that one's actually
gonna open - I'm going on this one
we won guys
we beat my mom no everyone listen
welcome
twenty minutes later the brains working
the brains not working it's on break
right now it's off work it doesn't want
to thank today good gorgeous really what
would you compare it to it's like being
tasered we have a Taser they're not easy
baby we're not gonna compare idea do you
have a teaser at home why just in case
somebody tries to break it I can taste
them wow that's so crazy
Bonnie Ruben because she just hits enter
and your best video game ever
I want to shock you so how do I do this
know this and adapt you excuse me sir if
dad was here you tell me I could do it
dad yeah dad said I could do it you
shoulda saw him he was like all in the
cabinets yesterday individual muscle
cells
started to chat so that's a given muscle
cell that's one there down up down we're
being attacked
the bugs are everywhere little monsters
like what crab you like well you
separated them they were having
relations mom one that always has to
walk backwards and then one has to
always walk forwards it's just such a
weird bug you feel like Joey Molly eat
better than I do
don't you feel like that funny how that
works out right you pay more for your
dog than you do for yourself sometimes
pull up your pants sir look at this
you're gonna lose him you're gonna lose
these you're gonna lose your pants right
in the middle of this you are
embarrassing me he-man the he-man she
bring
click will open it get Barley's 10
minutes she figured it out my new thing
that I've been doing for the past couple
months since audibles been sponsoring
the videos is that I've been doing
audiobooks to relax and here's my
favorite ones Stephen Hawking if you
guys don't know who that is
it's probably the smartest man on earth
ever on the planet in the universe baby
they have a bunch of Omaha inaudible and
if you guys didn't know audible is
actually a sponsor of the CTFxC and
gives away free audiobooks to you guys
so if you want your own audiobook like a
Stephen Hawking book go to audible.com
slash CTFxC links down in the
description and you can go either your
free audiobook this is the one I'm
listening to right now so you can go and
download this for free if you go to
audible.com slash CTFxC and then come
back here and tell me if you understand
anything of what's going on because it's
just like I don't know how smart this
guy like I just don't understand how
this guy is so smart it's just like go
there and just get your free audiobook
check it out guys audible.com slash
CTFxC and you can you can learn
something you can be entertained
whatever you want to do I prefer like I
like documentaries so that's why I do
stuff like this or just intellectual
things makes me feel smarter than I
actually am book break time to take a
shit woo
clouds look freakin awesome Photoshop
fake go-kart brake haters gonna hate
haters gonna hate they be chillin right
now no one I feel like that should be
the motto of today's video or just life
in general it's like you know what I
mean you can't please everyone haters
are gonna hate
see that so like such a white guy haters
are gonna hate guys haters are going to
hate but you know I mean the bottom line
is that you just kind of have to ignore
the haters and just do what you love you
know what I mean there's always gonna be
somebody that's gonna be telling you
that you're doing something wrong but in
truth what you're doing is not
necessarily wrong unless you're killing
someone then that's just bottom line
wrong and then haters are allowed to
hate if you truly believe in it I feel
like a lot of my my words of
encouragement just Angela but in life I
feel like I was told so many things and
I couldn't do something and I just did
it just because I wanted to do it and it
persevered she was very worked my ass
off when you're positive and you work
your ass off things happen you're I mean
all right guys I'm going to bed hope you
guys enjoyed today's video if you guys
are brand new to the videos don't forget
to click that little subscribe button
and I will see you guys tomorrow as
always doodle sobs get distracted did I
close to bread you know a little stupid
twat pies
I always forget about that thing who
closes the bread by this they twist it
and then just lay the bread on top and I
think that's keeping the freshness I was
until I was guilty when I was a kid all
right so I digress I'll see you guys
tomorrow it doodles
you
