it's on you
is it deflating he's like more like I
told not to do it told him not to do it
ma'am get off the bed deflating okay I
got to go to a doctor's appointment from
chorus of course you're gonna do that
and what else would Zoey do
you guys the bed's going away no don't
care be happy now bud feel much happier
that's depressed you get so depressed
you want to go the doctors with me huh
the gel flopping
so flying get you out of the fly
Marley first things first I'll do my
laundry huh
don't you laundry what's he doing
laundry yeah don't do it it stinks huh
got some show clothes in here I better
barley in your own yard
you like that more comfortable so funny
the whole time I was out there with him
what's this Marley didn't really want to
the entire time reluctant I should say
he's like one of those things you know
when you travel you just want pope on
your own toilet what side of the Gator
see here doctor time so I dad and I are
going to the brain doctor the
neurologist
I'm going to talk to him about that last
seizure I had a couple couple cycles ago
remember when I was on the show at the
show and I had it's just before the show
so we're gonna talk about that and then
I'm going to give him high fives because
nothing happened by the way high five
nothing happened last one nothing
happened around five rounded was that
seven or eight something like that six
or seven or eight I don't know anymore
CTFxC answers pride knows he knows
everything what are you doing oh yeah
Twitter oh you guys noticed my iphone is
off that my dad is on Twitter Wow yeah
what is going on in this world
sorry looking okay go for the expensive
stuff first
vials stuff cameras on if I do I dare
you stick your hand in that 50 bucks no
we're gonna ask this guy I don't know
same person right so what are we doing
why are we here where are we
no no what are we gonna ask them get
nervous
well if you're gonna say sir sir put my
thousand-dollar blippo shishi down get
the half away good news guys my noggin
is okay and my dad and I didn't get
arrested for messing around with our
doctor stuff so high five now I gotta go
get blood to the local vampires just to
make sure that's okay which is gonna be
fun because I love giving blood the best
thing in the world
so much fun if you guys didn't know the
update of the CTFxC app just came out we
updated again so it was a couple bug
fixes my dad doesn't even have it so I'm
keeping them out I get it right now so
go to the App Store a search and go to
CTFxC if you guys don't have it the
links in the description and it's free
and the vampires got me but it's okay
I'm fine I'm fine don't worry Internet
I'm okay little little flesh wound
yeah we know you're here I didn't forget
you I didn't forget you there's nobody
could possibly forget you you're so
annoying
hey ty are you doing Zoey should look at
me
that's OE look at me I'm falling asleep
so my dad's he made the best buy which
it's like my candy store hopefully that
layaway at all wake up a little bit more
he was the damn vampire taking all my
red and blood
let's go spend money money good money i
gadget gizmo
I feel like they just put all the pace
on these things when you try them really
just put nothing but base on awful
headphones you try them
I mean going the marlax I'm ignoring the
bird face I'm ignoring you I'm sorry
no you are you are so as you can tell
today's been kind of like a low-key day
just kind of catching up on sleep I feel
like I haven't caught up on sleep since
the chemotherapy I just get a bit and
run run running all over the place
there's a lot of traveling as you guys
can tell probably I got the Bill Clinton
is going on right now so I've just been
kind of relaxing and enjoying shooting
some b-ball outside the school then a
couple of guys work to no good started
making trouble in the neighborhood see
this is what happens when I lose my mind
and he said the neurologist said but I
was I was normal there's Marlon guy
right there
hold on I'm gonna get this and you guys
are gonna be blown away how does he get
right there okay see right there yeah
see it right on the lens that I get the
smudge because last time I did this I
forgot there's a smudge for like a week
sorry does it got the craving for
chocolate milk and then I remembered
because I am a child at heart I have
chocolate milk so I have to put in a
little Goblet so classy mother I'm
glassy
yeah the dreaded D word guys do it let's
do this come on she's a ma'am
off the bed ma'am fun come on
I am going to kick you off the stupid
bed let's go let's go let's go go get
cleaned you stink
you're very stinky don't look so happy
don't look so happy you happy can't help
you so sad don't be so sad but you do
okay well that wasn't difficult little
Palpatine's down there use the dark side
of the force
yeah you guys weren't hard at all so I'm
going to try to watch a movie I've run
in a movie called art of the steal it's
a Kurt Russell movie so sure it's gonna
be awesome ly cheesy so I'm going to try
it's only ten o'clock and it honestly
feels like 3:00 in the morning right now
and I got my pub self waiting for me I
always do that like I always have it for
later did I know what I wanted so I'll
let you guys know how the movie is I'll
be right back we're watching never mind
I got distracted
I promised Melissa I would watch her
perfectly awesome gift internet who's
jealous you guys know you're jealous
wash oh also by the way you guys want to
see that this is the second time I did
this second time in three days son of a
bitch second time big poke my brain I'm
allowed George just watch that movie and
I'm going to say I liked it but I have
no idea why you're so complicated but it
is one of those movies where it's just
kind of like it's confusing the whole
way through and then at the very end it
just all comes back together
but I gotta go to bed guys
hmm did you on you did be honest guys I
have to go to bed I'm exhausted
thank you guys so much for watching
today's video and thank you thank you so
much for the support and understanding
for allowing me to have these little
rest days they honestly they mean a lot
because I need them to be completely
honest I need them and I always want to
do something really entertaining and fun
for the videos but some days I just I
have to tap out but then I always feel
bad because I always want to do
something good for you guys I always
want to make a good video for you guys
but like I said some days I just have to
tap out and today I'm just guys on that
one
so I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
don't forget to subscribe you guys are
brand new and I'll see you guys tomorrow
you
