morning guys I hit my head on your
spikes
anyway good morning guys so I'm really
excited today cuz I'm gonna make my
favorite french toast ever you want some
this has got to go be responsible and go
to work
Tyson I'll give you a hundred shares
before ok my unit got some organic maple
syrup I think I've showed you guys this
is the past so good so I'm gonna try
something a little different I want to
do some fresh orange juice with it
healthy guys got stay healthy we're
still making all those wheatgrass shots
I feel like I have to keep it up
otherwise just throw it out the door
totally different than the one I have I
think that goes there doesn't seem right
there we go
what I figured it out Marley I figured
it out there you go doesn't seem right
close look at high-five minute I saw the
fish what the hell is this thing Ford
Focuses strainer sorts it was yesterday
defeated by juicer already is only 10:15
in the morning sisters like anything
like my parents she's got the
instruction manual somewhere so you look
it up what score Tyson
where's your mom do with this thing how
did you do this blank I was a juicing
screen that makes sense I predicted
figures out now
thank you instructions partin's I can do
this first off how do you turn this damn
thing on why am I having so many
problems here
Howard imagines just plug in a fresh
oranges get in there
pretty much gonna mash it just by
getting it in there
yes jealous Norman cher come over just
wait until the French toast comes guys
who wants to try an orange rind Marlee
okay Mike Tyson go try it
No here you try it
so a quick look out the window she loves
being elevated it's like that first
apartment I lived in when the vlogs just
started she just always did that star
out the window like this is my domain
you don't want it nice - here we go
buddy
beat it buddy it's on your head there we
go ty you ready buddy just like a bigger
Marley right now and there's the tiny
Marley so ready
Oh french toast so I went to the massage
place and it was really sketchy it was
like 20 dollars I didn't know that at
the time so I pulled in there it's told
the cab guy to take me to the book store
and look what I found
John Greene like everywhere and then I
found this who had to read this stupid
book as a kid hated that book so freakin
much still funny to put all these books
on my iPad
it's a whole like a hundred megabytes or
something like that but yeah coming back
to the massage place I was so bummed
because it was so sketchy literally
pulled in there and I was like what do
you think this place is and he goes and
so sketchy screw that I have to get it
later and then so I was driving by and I
saw all these rugs I thought it'd be a
great idea to get one of these than my
sister's that work right now to get one
of these awesome rugs and just put it in
her room
which what do you guys think it's got to
be the cheesiest one all right so the
nice lady is showing me the nice horses
horses and iam in one horse Internet
which one that one or this one feel like
this is the winner right here
sorry look here we go you think we'll
still like it
are you think Marlene oh boy it's gonna
be fun
I think Marly likes it I literally have
no idea how you guys did this it's like
you know when you've got you know like
with your headphones you have no idea
how they get tangled up pretty much
exactly what's going on right now have
no idea get your damn soccer ball or is
this a basketball and everyone okay
Molly's digging down where's your ball
buddy there's Klaus better be nice to
Klaus he'll kick your ass dude I kicked
it twice today
two times me already tired drop it
you can tell he likes basketballs right
it's so funny to look at Marley and he
likes a little tit she likes a little
tennis balls and then you look at Tyson
who likes giant freaking basketballs
scuse me ma'am can you please get out
the tree ma'am ma'am some Lissa's coming
home yo come on Tyson good huh nothing
the greatest blanket of all time it's
got horses on the other side you're
lucky I almost got you a Confederate
flag one yeah you're welcome
it's proper the proper response it's
like the best worst it's like the worst
gift you can ever give somebody on the
side of the road what is he the other
side yes it kind of fell off the truck
how you don't have a washing machine
there's a beautiful horses okay hold on
wait this is lying she said there was
horses here I don't see a horse let's do
this
so good Judas this is what happens with
live blood sister I just tighten
everything so hard there hold it tight
how did you do that hmm by the way guys
the other day when I asked you guys
about Pizza cold or hot pizza I think
the general consensus was cold pizza so
I was right so when this innocent face
doesn't want Melissa to go anywhere he
takes her shoes and hides it somewhere
like no joke he literally takes a shoe
and hides it he's like you're not going
anywhere
I'm hungry buddy right an amp shoe sake
ahahahahahahaha think of these tails
they're both mischievous tails I don't I
don't have your shoe I don't have your
fewer promise you guys want to see
something Wiener yeah I am I am eight I
get it boob all right guys on the Wiener
note I'm going to go to bed good enough
why are there blood probably Moses that
fills I'm babysitting you very good
hope you guys enjoyed today's video and
I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
don't forget to subscribe you guys are
brand new
all right guys
you
