good morning guys may the fourth be with
you I was kind of tough I promised
myself I was gonna do it and I failed
what you guys think I was cold but I
want to quite put a shirt on coz this
hoodie is really comfortable so I call
this the my Rico suave look just look
they look good on me so stupid you will
like it
that's right sir excuse me with the
barking sir what about you what are you
doing so since Cinco de Mayo is actually
tomorrow and I don't drink so it's not
really gonna be an exciting moment for
me I scheduled a massage so that's gonna
be my relaxation for single TIFF file
I'm so excited because I think that's
gonna really help with any stress that I
might have cuz this weekend we have
another show actually too and then I
think in two weeks is it two weeks we
head out to the UK for the slam dunk
Festival then Japan then Malaysia then
Singapore then the world there's gonna
come apart cases when I go to the park
to go go go keep that dingleberry off I
don't have to stick otherwise oh my god
all right Gibby
we're gonna do this as many times as
possibly can I don't know if you guys
noticed this last chemo round no issues
absolutely no issues and I was traveling
how this tree over here not gonna wood
I know you like basketballs ready I get
kid blink we had this last round of
chemo no issues but like I told you guys
the other day the one thing that really
makes me happy motivates me and relaxes
me is playing music and playing shows
one of those things but I didn't do it
then I think it would have more
sitting up home like everyone wanted me
to do the recs they gonna kick you in
the face buddy just somebody looks happy
are you happy dog damn that was a good
block dude guys want to probably see the
happiest puppy on earth happy puppy on
earth is your nose look your nose
bleeding is your acne bleeding you pop a
pimple son of a bitch you're good it
looks like he doesn't care I love how he
stands sort of like one of those come at
me bro come at me bro
come at me this is such a gorgeous day
compared to yesterday I think I'm close
to the beach maybe I'll just take a cab
to the beach or something actually in
high school that used to be my favorite
thing to do is just go to the beach by
myself and just relax and lay out in the
Sun and just kind of chill ironically
there's a lot of people but at the same
time you just comes like tune out and
listen to the waves and it's just kind
of like a perfect ambient ambient noise
and so relaxing unlike that cell phone
got turn that off I've never done this
before but I could always use your eyes
as a vise all the time how do you guys
relax it's just you what is your
favorite thing to do like I said - uh
turn my phone off and go to the beach by
myself and just relax and go somewhere
like go to the movies by myself and just
relax
apparently he's always is just grab a
stick and she can on her back out of me
a dog
tell dickhead Marley comes and stresses
her out it's always got to stick he's
got his basketball
marlis got her squirrel patrol and I got
my camera a therapeutic camera before
right like Oh desoto I get it now
only I will watch shots do the bees
rubber sandals I could do that I wanted
four desoto this isn't creepy at all
oh my god was that so you can go deeper
in here okay
okay just like the world's for sport pig
oh that's the problem there's no
cannonballs long day we went to the
beach
you guys got to hang out in the Sun all
day don't say the D word I'm going to do
my favorite thing ever which is do the
French french toast with the wine bread
and drive this thing it's not working
push it
why isn't it working like a brake system
I think that's been handicapped to you
we just run into a wall it'll break my
legs
how do they know how does it know why
I'm red how's it going what's your name
it's Ben say hi hey dear like that lady
lied to us
what is this called okay good catch
Micah had too much sugar today where is
it about it over here it's gonna be the
best french toast ever got to get the
good got to get the good sir I love your
songs thrift shop right yes it's right
now hi here's number one
you have to do I don't know
I'm falling asleep right now what's
matter
all right I'll let you film this I'm
really gonna let you slap me do it let's
do it
harder garter I've let you do it come on
like yeah
yeah like that was good like her that's
how you get woken up I'm still tired
thinner where's the beer cheese but what
is it it's beer cheese sauce so it's a
key but she sauce made with beer it's
incredible
alright wasted how they get beer cheaply
beer cheese wasted man keeping up with
our little tradition Phil man just
another wheatgrass shot so we're gonna
try to keep the healthiness going Mike
is over there doing a garden so all
right here we go bottoms up
ready green gunk wheatgrass I'm trying
to really like this stuff highly
suggestive guys wheatgrass it sounds
gross but it's so good all right guys so
most of sloppy in the face did not work
I'm going to bed now hope you guys
enjoyed today's video is nice and
eventful I'm gonna go to bed
so I will see you guys tomorrow as
always don't forget to subscribe because
we're brand new and I will see you
tomorrow
you
