good morning guys time to go home should
have been downstairs - two minutes ago
jor-el yesterday where I was already in
everything like that
not today not gonna be today today's
gonna be one of those days it's a travel
day you guys going home no not gonna do
Danny always get stuck with TSA extra
checking so I'm walking through the
security I had my check bag Danny's like
though you need to check that I'm like
oh yeah
was also funny too as I was going
through the TSA and I was like all right
you know I'm going through that he goes
Charles
that was funny she's nice lady hey Kohli
yeah
sit Hey yeah I just had to go through my
cubic zirconium status over there Delta
you'll get that buddy
damn you US Airways Danny
how do we always lose Hunter he's like a
phantom you never exists and now we play
the waiting game
let's do this in Atlanta one more stop
then we are home
whew back in the B terminal which by the
way I think it's the hated terminal in
Atlanta Airport there's nothing to do
here everything is anon John could get
some Sean John I think you look great in
there something around something about
the so boring this new was wearing part
ways for another week buddy
goodbye camera so let's see if in a week
so I've officially lost everyone that's
the problem with this terminal close
your eyes and everyone's gone last
flight almost home you doing a little
jig there's like that my happy dance and
we're home it's not official-official
yet you know it's gonna be official
daddy boy
Eddie boy where are you there he is
see you next week buddy hey Colby how's
it going Colby getting y'all disgusting
already Coby was sitting in my seat way
to push him out of the way did you go
like that as you go by hey no fighting
no fighting
you know I need a shower in a while so
yell at him go yell at him you guys want
to go hang out with Melissa I hear
Tyson's back home was that about you but
you delta pillow blanket see you're not
spoiled two things I want to do this
weekend one I want to go see spider ad
and two I need to get a freaking massage
I think that's what I'm gonna try to do
after every show not after every show
but after every like flight eight just
being cramped up in those little like
airport seats I feel like any massage
might be a good way to like relax my
mind a little bit more kind of like a
treat yo'self day
treat yourself so maybe I'll drag hill
and my sister to do one of those things
yeah so it lets you guys are massage
therapists out there then bring it
around I think that might actually help
me a little bit like I said this past
show was like one of my best shows
personally I had so much energy which
was crazy
considering I was on chemotherapy I was
on poison and I was running around more
than anything it's kind of crazy to
think about but is very very very
uplifting for myself pretty proud moment
damn it damn it
proud moment are you doing my seltzer
water well I guess we know what this guy
likes
this individual sent this to my dad is
his last show with the Gregg Allman band
wait okay what kind of format is design
for those who don't know what that is
I'll show you a little bit but this is
this is his final show here was this
this is his final show with a Greg
Allman band 1989
 out sorry you guys get work ever
wonder why get it right here
are you wanting best part of my dad's
like we must been spaced that night I
don't remember anything
to a half hours after an hour the way
the case is just like them like we're
done the fence keys the weightless they
do
Phil and I are going to drag Melissa to
go see spider-man to the last movie
wouldn't we drive the drug YouTube
Captain America right
that's America incredible Captain
America wouldn't watch hoping so we're
gonna go watch the spider-man 2
you definitely did
that was though
what do you guys think episode yeah
luckily it wasn't lit
bleh Skyway Avenue by we the Kings do
you think Travis has that much
the bridge about the song to catch it
now those who are new we the Kings fans
Skyway Avenue is great great cool we're
driving that's a bridge right there it's
a real place
hey bother you at all nothing you can
breathe through that thing in his mouth
hi Tyson I brought your cousin's over
give me a dog party party boom boom boom
step punch it why you bargain I should
do that here mom we got some chefs over
here what are we got going in which is
that we discovered yeah cuz Meg's here
okay
that's the tomatoes underneath the
tomato got the avocados Hulu squishy so
they kinda the squash they pop out yeah
so does Namie's these sandwiches yet you
can name them after you try out the
internet can name them yes Roger out of
your own house out of your own house
Tyson you too
everyone's out hey spider-man so we
dragged Phil and Melissa we actually
succeeded we're gonna go see spider-man
spider-man was it the other boys the
other movie basically that's called Kate
Upton's boobs
I wish I had this ride
I want this ride so bad is it it's got a
transformer in the front does this thing
know what movie is from felt like you
just punched the wall was that better
than uh Kate Upton's boobs actually shot
alright so before we go to bed Phil is
making some wonderful grass and a
blender can we you're as fast as I can
lissa on what a five scale what do you
think of spider-man awesome
girls like it too all right guys so
before we go to bed we're doing nice
little shots of wheatgrass ready for
this ready yeah your wheatgrass yeah
cool
one two three Cheers now that I'm a
hyper I'm gonna go to bed guys hope you
guys enjoyed today's video if you guys
are brand new don't forget to click the
little subscribe button and I will see
you guys tomorrow as always see you guys
tomorrow
you
