good afternoon Internet time to go play
a show good god this Mary didn't expect
this man I feel like it's going to be a
good day of good feeling Danny got his
podcasts and his video uploaded I got my
video uploaded everything's taken care
of it's gonna be a good day
just kidding it's still good day look
who's back back again guess it's been
Nate how you feeling bud loving life you
better stay away my cushioned couch it's
so comfortable
there's two of them three best friends
and anyway guys doing dude things just a
couple of guys and stop I have a big bye
oh boy it's nice did you Scarface style
boy I could get up this bed is too nice
did you literally just think every
cushion for bata in every chair every
cushion is now missing track and run
around it right thank you can I go
it's so unstable the tables bending
never sound check is the wood base back
wait that's not the wood base where's
the furniture what I'm not playing
got a gonna play not doing it
the the guitar pick packs are coming
back and actually got them in black
there's the same ones that I play on
stage so those will be at CTFxC merch
DICOM if you get a couple days they're
just putting all the packs together I
still got the white ones you got hewlet
so I guess if you guys want the white
ones you have to come to a show and get
my attention so I can throw it at your
face but it's limited to maybe about 30
so 30 people will get hit in the face
potentially potentially so this is how I
hear everything better this is my bass
this is Travis so we'll just turn that
all the way down
we lost them we lost them what are your
interests
sir this are speed dating merely messing
up our speed learn about that
we're losing our minds slowly but surely
we're 14 hours old boy all aboard
no that's the emergency call this is
just the alarm button it was Duncan you
saw it a hell ago dude this is the wrong
side oh don't ring the bell Charles I
our friend doesn't understand how the
bell works etiquette get the angle where
it looks down on you damn your side
lesson learned and now you know never
hit those buttons I did that for you
guys
what do you got there Koli jeez I kicked
Travis out of his bed so now I'm taking
a nap
apparently trap one was his bed back but
he didn't want to wake me up so that's
what he ended up doing not exactly the
best thing to wake up to but at least
who's being nice Duncan let's go see
spider-man how could you miss to every
single thing you try to kick can you do
that no more honey before a show
oh my god what is wrong with us dude be
careful you're way up there that was a
goal yeah keep going
how high would you say you are high do
you think it's smart you to climb a
random wall this is the fun part my
honey
that was probably not a good idea worth
it even though I'm sitting down it
that's up there I thought you were gonna
land on you that's always concerned yeah
Ella's gonna climb on me can you do this
let's go
sorry I got a monkey can you take care
of this monkey for Duncan
this is the fun part after she shows
with the Ryder things that we don't
necessarily eat so we just basically go
shopping put in our bags how'd you guys
get up there sick Sambi South they're
hard boys dinner's on me
Joe we're doin taco bell I'm treating
her through to uh to it to a dinner with
money's not an issue I talked about
let's give it up for nerve Rock for
driving us back safely we only had one
accident just kidding
true Rockstar nature what do you have in
your pocket
yeah pocket full animal crackers true
rock star oh boy
back to the hotel room actually I wanted
to go talk to you guys again a little
bit I wanted to have another
heart-to-heart do it guys today's show
was pretty awesome actually probably one
of my favorite shows
my personal favorite and look at that
cut myself stupid just had a lot of fun
running around town energized
considering all the medication that I'm
on right now definitely an awesome way
to start off your six awesome way and
there's still a lot of people still
adjusting the fact that Ali is out of
the videos anymore and I get it I
understand but hopefully one day you
guys will understand that we're both
just trying to move on with our life it
just doesn't make sense to reopen any
wounds that we're trying to you know
close or he'll just for video's sake so
I appreciate you guys respecting that I
mean at the end of the day you know Ali
and I will always be good friends very
close I will always be close to her
family I love their family to death and
you know all those things so but just
for as far as videos sake it just
doesn't make any sense so just reopen a
wound that we're trying to move on with
our life and heal you know I mean it's a
huge adjustment it's a huge adjustment
for everyone for her myself my family
you guys the CTFxC her everyone her
family so I understand I get it and I
really really appreciate you guys
respecting that and understanding and if
you guys don't understand that's totally
fine I know one day you guys will
understand it's just one of those things
you know like life gives you lemons so
what you do you said you I won't
lemonade and you make lemonade you know
what I mean
I can't be it I think I screw that up
every single time yeah I just wanna have
that little talk with you guys it's
still new you're six just started so
it's still gonna be an adjustment I know
you guys just like you know me better
than myself I know you guys will respect
that and you guys will learn the grow
with me as I'm growing we'll grow
together we'll be huge we Giants but I
know this video kind of took a little
turn for the seriousness but on a
lighter note I just want to let you guys
know there's a bonus five year montage
on the trip you channel you do black ops
that's trippy I'll put all the link down
in the description as well as a regular
bonus video so we have to this time I
feel like every year was do the main one
and then a bonus one so we did another
bonus one the links are down in the
description and you guys can check those
out please do but I'm going to go to bed
my dad says I but I want to go to bed
guys because we have an early flight and
I get to go home if you guys are brand
new please click the little subscribe
button and tell
all your friends and I will see you guys
tomorrow always think that the two weeks
that we go overseas so here really
pumped up for that I'm so excited
I've never been to Japan so I'm really
excited to go see you guys over there in
Japan land it's probable to call it okay
so I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
have a great night
you
