good morning guys let's begin here six
Dan six years Kobe you were like a
little tiny pop you had no gray hair or
anything and you could swim to the
bottom before now you just float because
you're so fat yes I do then go get a
ball and you can throw it in the water
how about you you're a tiny pup to
everyone whose tiny pups so this is May
1st well may 2nd when this goes live
what I'm filming May first two things
it's the beginning of year six of the
CTFxC and it's brain cancer awareness
month the entire month so two awesome
things be ready for your six very good
when I started this that was a joke
right so what are you doing now get it
many moons ago how are you buddy like it
show you rank or face think I don't like
this laziest one at all for the laziest
one of all four so you're like me so
we're going to Wisconsin and I'm gonna
get a cheese head when I get there
that's the first thing I'm gonna do
because I've never bought one and
they're cheesy
and then my mom and I were discussing
about what tattoos sleeve she wants
again what sleeve you're gonna get you
are are you gonna get like a grim reaper
a big giant grim reaper she's just she's
playing modest right now I feel like
he's just judges me like Marley back at
the airport this is how we're trying to
get everything on the plane like a giant
puzzle Charles gonna be strapped all the
guitars on his back on my back like a
mule I'm gonna ship it all the trap so
he can do two so we got to say hi to Ted
his name's Ted Ted the Blowfish and this
airport is getting busy everything
usually it's completely barren we don't
like to share all right I gotta go fist
bump my buddy
I got to fish my buddy okay what's up
bro I'm gonna sit the exit row the exit
row you have responsibilities I supposed
to stay on the plane and help people off
their punters jump it out first I'm
riding this way right in the slit
how come you get the girlfriend Danny I
refuse to touch the bowl late germs on
this way
so the plane has already been boarding
for a communal
so we might make this flight it wouldn't
be a we the kings flight without one of
us trying to just barely get on the
flight right here then we're gonna go
son of a bitch
yeah I'm just going it has my food
though don't want it food or I just want
to wait for Danny everybody make the
plane decisions do I wait for a friend
and get food or do I just make the
airplane there's the cheese head now I
have life
there's so many different variations oh
honey I just go I get distracted by
cheese and please bail he goes 90
detects it makes sense I walked right
into that I'm so tired
got it all I was going boys a break yeah
just work it's not a break there I guess
they're taking breaks we're not working
on gotta make that money
I went rollerskating ice skate it really
hard they actually have a day off right
yeah but nothing to do today cheese and
beer staff time you can go by okay I got
sit down look at diva Danny over there
Andy's wearing my jacket cuz he doesn't
remember a jacket even Danny so Danny
what beer is a 6 pod Kelly when we get
here in Wisconsin takes a sip everywhere
see the thing is the best things are
never on camera I just need to have a
camera rolling 24-hour 20 forever 20
forever Charles Trippy mm first first
day of 2006 the date base that you're
saying I can't speak for the long flight
guys Danny's got a little portable
podcast Danny Duncan chill on the road
first time ever yeah it's impressive
dude can't believe I said it always did
that little Pelican case right there
so she said
the black cast just a couple of dudes
and a van getting dinner together
I'm good good yeah you hungry are you
hungry no around go home
are you hungry where we going beat up
dubs lead up dubs all right so it's
George Foreman's left fist got that big
Muhammad Ali's good guy
mother of God mother of
oh I'm the same size bitch there it is
it's pretty close is it real yeah this
what says their doctor hands so tiny
compared to his poor tables ready on
nerd rock give us a good luck charm
bad neuron that was bad you should feel
bad
now we're just a couple of dudes doing
dude things finally this hang on and
check hey one two hi Charles left his
camera on the table your Buffalo Wild
Wings and we're commandeering it and
there is actually something exciting
going up we'd be documenting you but
there's nothing exciting going on at
this table
Nate and I destroyed the castle it was
delicious and that's a battle I got
sorry
please tell me you guys know what show
that from what do you find doing better
do you guys know what TV shows from
please sound can't be lame and do a
little cheers here I suppose getting up
your six I can't be more than happy to
say all my brothers right here you're
sick you six guys here we go
everyone's got beer I got like a little
soda water soda brothers unite
dick Scott
quick six shots time to celebrate you
guys recording yet alright so before I
go to bed I just want to have a little
conversation with you guys this because
of facts that is the end of year five
giving a year six and just it slowly was
hitting hitting me this afternoon on the
tremendous amount of impact that is not
only to me but just the CTFxC in general
it's probably pretty much goes without
saying that this year is going to be
different than previous years bottom of
the day this is my personal life and I'm
choosing to share with you guys every
single day because I want to it makes me
happy and I see the response that you
guys have in the community that the
CTFxC is and that makes me happy but at
the bottom of the day is my personal
life so there's going to be ups downs
sideways is whatever it is you guys get
the point but my goal this year is this
thing's gonna shrink and go away that's
that's my main goal we're gonna be doing
a lot more tours
I'll be bringing you guys around the
world a lot more and hopefully we'll be
meeting a lot of awesome people along
the way so basically I wanted to say
thank you guys so much for the past five
years of CTFxC and I want to continue
doing these things and I hope you guys
continue to have fun and let this thing
that was once an idea and now as a giant
community keep growing because it's
bigger than I ever thought anyway so I'm
gonna go to bed now I need to take my
pills and then pass out because we have
a show tomorrow and make sure I'm at
like nice and healthy like I know a lot
of people are concerned that I'm
traveling long chemo I got the approval
from my doctors as long as I get enough
sleep I eat I drink and all that fun
stuff and just not be sick cuz last one
I was I'm so pretty sick so don't worry
I'm I got the approval I'm good I'm
taking care of myself it's funny cuz
it's like I have like 1.5 million
doctors out there which is awesome it
make means a lot that you guys care so
much but don't worry I'm not gonna do
anything to hurt myself i I just truly
truly I personally love playing music
and that's
I guess there's a stubborn nature of
myself and that's why I want to do this
it's not that like the band's making me
do this is because I love first like
doing it makes me happy if you guys
remember when I was in rehab the thing
that got me going again was that guitar
anyway I'm rambling way too much I will
see you guys tomorrow as always don't
forget to subscribe you guys brand new
don't forget to check out the year 5
montage videos down there in the
description or at the end of this video
alright totals ok on to go join videos
alright so if you guys have not seen the
year 5 montage you can click right here
check it out or in the description below
if you guys are on mobile or something
like that
hope you guys enjoyed it if you've seen
it already go watch it again
you
