in the annoying antics Zoey I wish you
would fart right now
Arica just be fart on me all the time
just fart right on so see leave her foot
alone we the most patient doll in the
world she doesn't mess with her anymore
okay
so much hey Marley that's not your cat
milk you're not a cat go for another toy
hey I made every one yard I am right now
getting a handheld LED light you know
those ones that we use for Halloween
Hornets because guess what Universal
invited us all again to Halloween Horror
Nights and if you don't know what that
is it's just a bunch of scary scary
haunted houses an amazing Miss
all-around good fun time we've done this
now with universal three this will be
our third year in a row actually I'll
put a link actually no the I click that
little eye and I'll put a link to the
previous Halloween Horror Nights videos
they're so funny my mom look like she is
so scared my little sister Ally it's so
frightened and the cool thing what they
let us do is they let us bring a light
in they've shined it back on each other
so we can film everyone's reaction
because normally you can't a film and B
see anything so Saturday this Saturday
we're gonna be going there so if you
guys are gonna be there too maybe we'll
run into each other but I have to get
this light otherwise no one could see
inside these things I almost forgot to
luckily I had an email from Universal
saying that everything was confirmed and
then I was like oh you know what I'm
gonna go look at the old videos and I
saw the light and like that would have
been bad cuz I don't have one anymore so
I have to get one
long story short good morning
because it
you normally love's like what she's mine
she's all happy go lucky right now
no you can go get it you threw too far
that's why the spools would be good get
rid of half this grass and Oh more poop
everywhere oh here comes the fun police
fun police is here to ruin the day yep
that's what you are mr she gave her a
warning she Bob Marley I was this your
new new hey you know what you look like
she looks like the girl from 5th element
Oh
poor mama it's way too hot during the
day to run so we've been starting to run
like an evening and I think during the
day we're just gonna start the thing of
maybe riding bikes so that way we can
just double up everything by the way I'm
still winning an activity thing at least
well actually no been killed me
yesterday but I'd let's say I'm beating
her Colombian hair she's way back there
do I got to show you this so I saw this
you know this tree I fell on that poor
house which one is it but al you see all
the beehives or honeycombs screws
hollows hell it's actually one thing I
remember a long time ago remember I went
over here and the bees attacked me
because there's a fallen like I guess a
honeycomb fell on that Street and those
bee keepers have they come and like
rescue some of they actually came to
rescue some of the bees and some of the
honeycomb got me thinking cuz I've
always wanted to do it so if anyone's a
beekeeper out there knows one or
anything like that let me know because
I've always wanted to go and
quote-unquote harvest honey in those
giant suits I always thought that'd be a
really fun and interesting but also
really cool to film for the vlogs
cuz I'm sure most of you guys would
never want to do that cuz I feel like
Ali she's terrified of bees so I figured
I'd go right into the heart of it and
bring you guys along actually it was
like right here where it happened it was
right there I know it's embarrassing to
say don't know exactly where I live like
I know where I live but you know like if
I got lost I would have to use my phone
I've said this a million times
no matter where I live I always try to
get myself lost done it a couple times
on the golf cart but if you like needed
to do it a little bit more extensively
so right now I'm trying to get myself
lost and trying to find my way home
also the good news is where else have I
gone I've gone like five and a half
miles so I'm getting some exercise
rather than who's driving there on the
golf cart it's not as fun and I don't
have the pups with me yet I want to get
one of those things I can put on the
back of the bike that I got the dogs
it's trailing like to have four kids but
actually it for our dogs yes like I say
were those people
I got this today and pick a rock to the
shoot nope are you dizzy go
come on break paper-rock-scissors sure
good I'll give it to you you just missed
him though
every good name oh that's too hot anyway
you got a stomach though alright I got
this today and I want to open it up I
think I know what it is but I just I got
to make sure cuz I want to show it to
you guys first Ali's and then come up by
pod because she's got two legs
okay might do it like this okay oh gosh
do I oh okay
alright is this thing on is this thing
on is this thing on
you guys see me okay can you can you see
me okay I'm nauseous
no it's obnoxious I'm nauseous I'm not
fairness of not it's officially amazing
so I guess yeah let me see okay it's
good all right
cue dramatic music now actually this is
my help
here goes
here Guinness World Records certificate
most consecutive daily personal video
blogs posted on YouTube is 3057 videos
and was achieved by Charles Trippy in
case CTFxC United States or the YouTube
blog internet kill TV as a 14th of
September 2017 thank God so we're still
in the record books for the numbers
bigger but we did it you guys too so
keep watching this was definitely you in
the Internet I just came in added I'm
just scared argue that you know a lot I
can't wait to just keep growing this
number because this record is just gonna
keep in the CTFxC I'm really proud of
you it's not going anywhere so we did it
guys and it's just the numbers just
going to grow so in another eight years
that'll be six thousand something right
then same amount of time hello how many
how many years is 10 years cuz that 10
years I'm quitting by the way quitting
at 10 years yeah yeah I don't think I
could I wouldn't know what to do with
myself what we did it whoo this is the
last time it was updated every two years
we're gonna try to update it so this was
2015 I think the other one was 2012 or
something like that game 22 2013 2015 so
this one was two thousand two thousand
two hundred videos so within two years
we went from two thousand two hundred to
three thousand 57 yes old one new one
that was once well so this was as a May
so actually internet dude math in two
years from the 14th of September what
number vlog will be because that's what
the new numbers gonna be in two years
from the 14th of September so we do the
math please I can't do it
wait
midgel nuts violence violence is the
answer but yeah I haven't heard you bark
I think that's Max's skinny
I even heard of bark ever
okay big Marley know what Lola you crazy
max is crazy max and Finley need to play
catch the ball and see walk the boy you
so silly
and we're gonna walk these guys I can
handle Lola she's like Zoe his dog is
insane
I've never seen Lola so excited this way
Jesus got to be diesel huh
Max's gotta be double leash because he's
so strong you probably put like a
skateboard he probably just take you out
thanks for your motivation all right
today I did 6 miles that I did two miles
walking one mile running it's now
becoming fun
it's not even exercise anymore I just
you know what I don't like exercising
like it sounds terrible say oh wait to
know Allie to finished and Megan just
finished we're gonna make some healthy
spaghetti squash too it's now becoming
fun and competitive which I think
everyone was part of this this group
first we all started like really real
easy and then we all kept seeing each
other yeah exactly
and then the competitive nature I'm
gonna so I'm just so bogus it's like
when we want to off altogether bull
is up where I look at Miss girl got mad
do you guys remember when she barely fit
in one hand
no she's be incredibly sweet now just
give it a couple hours once the
nocturnal instinct comes and she's gonna
go crazy
hi Rika alright guys hope you enjoyed
today's video that finally while you
were asleep I finally had her go into
sleep so I will see you don't forget to
subscribe and have a wonderful night
bye guys Rika say good night perfect
