hey guys welcome to the end of year year
5 I think with end of year 5 well yeah
it's unbelievably true today is the last
day of year 5 tomorrow starts year 6 so
that means we have the annual recap
video that is going to be on this
channel links down there in the
description the same girl who's done it
the last few years Lauren did this one
and then we have a bonus one on the
trippy channel who want to check that
one out as well also I still feel
perfectly awesome on the round also
after 2 days of the chemo I feel
perfectly awesome and I just found out
Duncan just called me completely forgot
that I have to fly out tonight so I have
to go home and pack because I fly out
tomorrow night not tonight
for our show Wisconsin so stupid Charles
they poked my brain if you guys didn't
know I'm gonna use that forever by the
way it's gonna be year 20 in these vlogs
I'll be saying man I think it's allowed
I think you guys gave me full life
permission on that one alright girls
since we have to go home tonight
got a deflate the stupid thing inflate
science where's that Pizza internet this
is how we're going to determine it for
friends forever
cold pizza or warm pizza there's just a
cold pizza or room-temperature pizza
you're the winner
it's science Marlee science what's on my
pizza
now I got to clean up everything so I
can be polite a polite guest give
Melissa Blake your back your blankets
and our pillows what the hell is that
you serious
my sister's got a stun gun I didn't know
that fucking crazy
150 volts you smell it
special note dope with my sister Jesus
Zoey you want to tell her what we found
so how many people have you stunned with
this yet Hey stay we stay we Marley it's
done oh no no no no have you Sun darlin
no oh well so easy nerf guns no this is
dangerous so I know I want to put
something in this will this conduct
electricity
throw this metal net we don't want to do
that welcome to my life bye light on
fire but that's unique I did yes good
yeah I need some power to do this what
does not conduct electricity maybe your
finger try to figure yeah your figure
doesn't have metal in it right
what on paper oh you can't do any of
this well on my watch no all right do it
no use the gun yeah do that you know do
the guy ha let's try it yeah you tell
him
oh there's a log - I know Zoe I'm sorry
so we're doing this and then you're
gonna like shock the paper okay you said
yeah wheatgrass mmm getting addicted
this stuff it's good good oh no boom
wait what if exploded what shocked this
wait we do it know if it doesn't do
anything here hold it charlie
hold it up that's charge how does it
take the charge it should be charged Joe
alright you happy you did you're happy
okay
never play with a stun gun I guess
accompany no internet do not play with
these they're for safety only so I get
that double chin I've never seen it do
that sorry Lucy double check the double
cheek yeah double cheek over here with
Kobe Kobe Kobe Joey you had a double
cheek over there Jeff go blue
there's Tyson sick I know Tyson fucking
weirdos so he brings some friends with
more labs yesterday she made friends
with German Shepherd his name is Klaus
and literally Klaus jumped over the
fence
it was the most amazing thing I couldn't
I couldn't give camera on the time
though somebody go weird Riley in class
go huh we tried this yesterday remember
good thing you're getting a bath
tomorrow dude yeah rub it in a big-ass
plane it is kind of crazy to think that
today is the last day of year five and
beginning your six it's kind of like
both right because it kind of
intertwines I'm just thinking all the
stuff that's happened both positive and
good in the past I lost my mom she says
hi guys it's crazy really is kind of
crazy it's one of those moments where I
just now is just out realizing I have so
much footage of my life on the internet
and I'm not even 30 yet yet it's like
amazing but it's scary at the same time
with more an emphasis on amazing hold I
gotta clean you guys face I almost did
that annoying thing where you lick it
you know lick it just wanted to say
thank you for the wild ride guys and
it's been fun I will continue doing this
as long as you guys are having fun as
well because I'm having a ball and it's
just a new chapter in life and you know
exciting things are going to come more
amazing tours especially the Japan
Malaysia Philippines UK slam dunk
festival all that stuff and then Warped
Tour coming up so yeah just get ready
guys fun stuff alright um for my hand
right in that poop right there that rain
hate the beginning of rain where you can
kind of hear stuff but you're not sure
well it was rain ready to come inside
get some coffees would go home
Molly want coughing cookies you sleepy
there mama alright alright hey boys hey
boys don't party boom Chicka Boom Boom
Boom Boom Boom
oh you can't even handle loquacious Oh
Kobe's wanting it yeah hey Kobe's happy
happy camper you have a camper packing
time packing time time to pack kinds of
head that's a new way to kingsong guys
why Travis things this is that day for
we're taking day forward chemo so I
always have to have somebody around me
didn't know that's why I was up there
with Melissa and all that fun stuff
still got a pack now toothpaste check
clothes nap check I don't have clothes
on now
I got you clothes clothes check this how
I pack guys check you guys ever wonder
how I pack for something you guys all
you guys freaking know more than I do
Charles over to the pack black shirt
smart thinking guys
think I have some think I'm crazy I'm
not gonna throw that ball who wants to
play for 14 hours tonight Kobe you have
a ball and a giant rope do the stanky
leg
do the stanky leg do you remember when
they used it when Tyson would sit he's
literally doing both both legs right now
Tyson hates Google going to space
arriving alright guys well it's time to
go to bed guys start packing my dad's
watching the montage right now for the
five year you can click here on the
screen or link in the description five
years in the bad guys that is crazy
so now today's video officially marks
your 6 so we're going to do high five
that's how we're going to in today's
video anyway so click here go check out
your 5 montage and truthfully guys from
the bottom of my heart could never wish
for a better job in my life and a wish I
should even say a job better life that I
could ever have in my life
you guys are truly an inspiration for me
and I can only hope that you guys get as
much joy from these videos is that you
guys give me and yeah don't forget to
subscribe guys a brand new because your
6 is gonna be pretty badass so I'll see
you guys tomorrow as always don't forget
to subscribe because brand new it just
said and I'll see you guys tomorrow
doodles I can reduce your six right guys
one two three
your six
you
