good morning guys so today is the first
round of seven firsts of the seventh
round of chemo let's do this son of a
bitch I think it just broke the camera
so since I really can't be by myself oh
you dick such a dick
my sister wanted me to just come up here
so she can watch me when I always have
to have somebody around me when I'm on
chemo not to say something Bad's gonna
happen every single time but just in
case it's a precaution so this is I
think the seventh round of the chemo
obviously it's been working really well
so we want to keep going so I'm gonna
try to be kind of relaxed today not
really sure I might want to go to a
museum or something like that do like
really nerdy stuff I'm not really sure
what I want to do maybe go to Wawa or
something would upload the video first
that's first thing I gotta do
but you know it's to be
whistlin so sleepy whether mrs. sleepy
do you ma'am that's my bed I can't
believe into that candle wipeout but hi
oh boy it's all your fault this is why I
filled my life guys this has always been
my favorite thing ever since I was a kid
there was assault Indiana Jones in
Temple of Doom it's the hit the garage
and then you try to get out before it
gets you I don't let the fedora some of
this your safety mechanisms on this one
Wizard of Oz anyone and ever written the
bike it's so long must kill mo skill mo
wheels were invented for a reason
chicken caesar wrap so like I said I
might either take a cab or Melissa might
come I'm not really sure she's just
working so I might end up taking a cab I
go to the Dali Museum because Salvador
Dali is a crazy he's awesome and
truthfully who doesn't like museums if
you raise your hand I'm going to fight
you
Oh fun ends here now we get it risky
I'm ballsy get out my way I'm in the
bike lane put that bike in it can you
tell him hyper I didn't have any
caffeine but I did I was rummaging
through my sister's uh candy drawer I
found some crazy candy Jamie really
happy so unfortunately I don't have a
bike lock for this thing yet so it's
like a guessing game in the comments
will this bike be stolen or not the
worst part is this I think is my uncles
are my aunts so I'll have to give him
another one I don't think it will I'm
confident that people are awesome told
you people good nope not gonna do it now
gonna do it
breaking the law please it freaking a
lot of bike I genuinely don't know
well I got my lunch not time for some
art chickens chicken chicken
don't worry I'm not eating you I'm
eating a veggie sandwich ah Dali Museum
little I haven't been here since I was
young a young whippersnapper I'm getting
sick
apparently I came at the right time this
is Andy Warhol's supposed to be here too
the person you know they brought it back
from the life
pubs record the prince
maybe I can't get in trouble now that's
my favorite dolly one crotch cam
so I keep getting caught they're not
allowed to film here so I have to go to
crotch cam soon
I thought this was so much easier give
me sir
oddly enough I feel like the bathroom is
like the only place that can actually
film about them yelling at me oh I got
some are at least I tried I tried
it's colic but I filmed in Toulouse mer
I could be in trouble
constantly at the Louvre he's got the
meaning in a world that's ready
apparently this is like the Dali tree or
something you have to take these and
then you tie it on there there's
something wrong with this bench I can't
quite figure it out
mother of God yeah I almost got in
trouble at the Dali Museum trying to
film for the internet I almost got
arrested always needed to bail me out
yeah you too yeah but you want the
zucchini bread or just you want that we
have an argument now you guys remember
yesterday case in point
what do you want I think they're girls
so Melissa and I are going to go see
Phil place and softball game just as I
didn't get arrested the Dali Museum
figured out Zoe
this is why I can't ever live in an
apartment again because it's always so
damn loud she's just pissed everyone off
again she got so used to just barking
whenever wanted language that's go here
we go using that phone or select music
player select
- for my mother phone
- is this correct yes so we're here to
see if Phil's game which one is it that
one or this one
what happens if I run naked on the field
not allowed to be here you're drunk was
I gonna sit on the opposing team I'd see
what Phil does there's have any gum
though be good girlfriend get him some
gum we got a goal touchdown there's a
white thing on your lens there's always
something on my lens it's usually Marlee
okay you just call me an end
Emer acting ho
how are you offended by that I'm totally
offended I'm gonna kick your ass now
what's going on whew captain huh just
being a captain out there you know
that's what's the score right this team
yeah they're good they have a Jersey so
okay so I got to take our medication
this one doesn't work this one doesn't
work
this is ridiculous got Wi-Fi like
skittles no they tied right now Phil's
gotta break the tie
pops up what's gonna happen here from
second gonna start I'm the worst
commented horse commentator ever yeah
it's gonna be like aliens coming out the
chest so melissa is now going to the
healthy side and getting her juicer
right we got film I could come in for
support domestic Monday so what you do
when you get tax returns what you do
what you do how'd you sneak some glass
in your mouth so he just threw up or
food hey is that your rabbit I'm going
to eat this giant rabbit
Jews hate numbers
I hate cucumbers I love pickles their
skin to take a part of that kid over
there's been a long eventful day I
apologize I almost got arrested at the
valley Museum but I tried anyway so I'm
going to take my pill and then fingers
crossed everything's good so I hope you
guys enjoyed today's video don't forget
to click subscribe and I will see you
guys tomorrow as always
you
