good morning guys we just survived a
nuclear attack so every time
Danny night share a hotel he has the one
that goes like it sounds like we're
having like a meltdown somewhere it's so
funny but you don't wake up
I thought the wake of my best attempt he
tries but it's so funny it cracks me up
every single time it's good good wakes
me up and I get a pump down ready to go
home that's it right there that's the
noise of talking about
it's like Three Mile Island no matter
what I've no idea what's happening but
I'd be responsible one today I am up
there ready to go
ready to take on today making it my
bitch at least offensively possible so
I'm making sure everyone's out you ready
but just do me a favor to have pants on
good morning sunshine you're dishonored
Koli was the rumor then just call me TM
Charles right now I'll see you
downstairs
so this much don't get has to do every
morning with us feel bad down the thing
about hunter is he's such a heavy
sleeper and living attribute that I came
last time we just kept smacking in the
bite I mean you say family to us
what's going home that's a good thing we
put the whole hotel trying to get you up
scars we got to eat it so you know we
were just rushing that's our pilot I was
like joking the travelers like don't
rush man the pilots I probably in there
I was like is that your please like yeah
so we're good guys one of those mornings
we don't have time to drop off the
rental car so we just threw the keys
into the car I had to run with one
minute to check everything and I just
almost forgot my computer Hunter just
reminded me my back door was open I was
like good god hunter he's gonna change
he can this is young lady help Danielle
by giving a hair tie sir lucky day buddy
Daniel haces vlogging camera how would
you call it that it's so weird
scout so if you're in Syracuse find
Amy's camera and then send it to him
it's peel boxes on his channel peel box
1 2 3 4 USA and hobo Travis comes out
again
any food was our pilot with the bathroom
and a great day
today's an interesting day
it's like we get along we all get
together and they're like trying to sit
down or try to be able to go and
notices first class or something like
that chuckles so much myself like a
little do they know who's sitting up
maybe they'll let us on there like
another part wouldn't get up so he's got
off the plane we didn't say just get out
the plane and we just realized we were
at the same plane that's going to
Sarasota I don't know about time this
ever happened
by the Sky Club some we just noticed you
ever fly into LaGuardia count the iPads
there are everywhere but there's no iPad
minis this place is pretty nice of all
that you gotta get some cubes these are
the best got my cube I'll see you guys
another 30 minutes or 2 hours this week
that's have to do when you're sleeping
at the airport
you guys already passed out he's a good
seat any of these cubicles we need to
show you I have to do
I'm feeling what a super sense that the
best way to
I went slowly moving out little by
little everyone's moving out we needed
to have a chiropractor on the next tour
poor hunter his neck was 90 degrees I
have no idea how it's completely right
right now what it was like literally
feeling it was so bad you got bud it's
kind of this plane go home
kale so tired of trying to see it but
pillows there like a dog it's going like
that what do you do at first as a joke
well it is like a real thing and then he
was I didn't do that spray geysers in
there he did it again I keep doing it
again I trust you guys but I don't know
yep
problems in the world just seemed so
cool
so tiny
I just woke up issues that I saw the way
the local time is approximately
and we're home alright alright what's up
buddy
all right so see Ted he shouldn't have
the top right now because during the day
Zoey the floating at the bottom
swinging around the corner sup Ted see
you next time buddy I got you let's see
you next weekend
have a good week just got home look it
do you think Marley I was right call it
a long weekend you put a long weekend
you better not lick your butt that's my
suitcase man you know what you look like
so he put a puss of video Marley with
the guy from Harry Potter the little elf
or goblin I think Marley looks just like
that Goblin
looks like we're home were you just
waiting for me to get home so I can do
this deal give you a bath and just yell
at you so you see somebody yell at me
for doing something bad all right carry
on carry on be bad first things first
cereal as you guys could probably tell
by now I've been addicted to cereal last
few days I don't know what it is I love
cereal it just works any time breakfast
lunch or dinner I think I'm like pretty
much the most boring cereal lover
I like do you know the boring ones like
just regular Cheerios and regular Rice
Krispies actually play a little game in
the comments below tell me your favorite
childhood cereal and then your favorite
cereal now if you were childhood cereal
probably fruity pebbles and then now
definitely Rice Krispies I'm gonna Rice
Krispie gift a cake right now
but they get to them soggy too damn fast
so I just found out I got last-minute
tickets to see our buddies Taking Back
Sunday so I'm heading to Orlando now I'm
going to try to sneak my phone in but
every single time I go to Orlando and go
to house of lose if you guys remember
that was the place that we had was like
stricter than the White House so I'm
gonna try to bring my phone that we can
film but if I don't please don't get mad
at me please I'm going to try my hardest
to sneak footage for you guys
you guys ready to go for a car out of
white
alright guys well today it's been a
pretty busy day as you saw TM Charles
I'm gonna go to bed it's been awesome
day though hope you guys enjoyed today's
video if you guys are brand new don't
forget to click the subscribe button so
I can't really stare it it's so bright
and I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
have a good night
you
