good morning guys time to go to
Rochester I'm pretty much diggin the
fact that they dare hue Syracuse good
morning it's been early I did the same
thing I think we're in Rochester and
then I look at our flight like Syracuse
I'm like yeah okay we're going to
Syracuse good morning guys I'm pretty
much thinking the fact that they've been
like letting us have double rooms like
this even though I think it's by
coincidence
more of a party communal thing I haven't
had one of these years objects doing it
I don't want to know what's in it
don't tell me I know I'm my body in life
forever
I'll read mummified pop rocks from the
topping oh my god that's a great idea
pop rocks make friends with pop tarts
and you can always offer you Sam excited
we're they include burritos in it it's
like a frito-lay cheesesteak yes yeah
yeah all right boys a little tour got a
lot of mini tour going where's hunter
chewy serrator at Starbucks totally your
guy said what I said what what is this
three and a half hours let's do this I
just make you feel really uncomfortable
rub your head make you feel really
uncomfortable yeah get both of us with
those cold hands
all right I don't think you feel all
uncomfortable
Danny your hairs really soft actually
soft - thanks I mean you just have soft
hands Charles I do I have very soft
hands getting weird
just a couple of just a couple of dudes
each other a mini man
totally totally normal they're checking
Jesus I don't think you're allowed back
there remember come on it's a great
never see one again for another two
hours yeah please and Starbucks three
things I'll go to Red Robin five seconds
wait so fun I was serious about at least
two of those okay chuck-e-cheeses when
he said he's gonna park in the middle we
all just dispersed it later bus scatter
wait no really are we really scattering
Robin stop number one literally 20 feet
away that's where we started this is
where we ended up an hour later yeah
there a beer here don't worry yeah their
food in here I'll be over at Starbucks
is fueling up and Claudio's day it is
grandpa hi grandpa
but we made probably 10-mile progress
and have to stop again
welcome to meadows that's pretty
dangerous dude holding a big thing of
cheese right now the cab
koishi how you eating those chips collie
were there yet Danny were there yet
so that's Lake Erie Lake Ontario
it's like Ontario yeah so crazy thanks
one that's the biggest one
biggest one guys biggest lake it looks
like an ocean it's the biggest one
contains actually the Mafia and did a
lot of work on this way so there's a lot
of dead bodies without concrete boots
and now you know just got to a swim
Oswego how do you say it ice we go it's
fucking cold so cold I feeling cold
those were playing today I could dig it
off to try to find the green room good
we got there Sammy the sandwich coldly
what are you doing in there buddy nerd
let me see that shirt it's a fancy shirt
where'd you get that this guy saw us to
have a real nice friend of yours I got
friend
right dude let's all do this and when
somebody comes in like yeah knock first
I told you to knock
Oh what am i doing just kidding this
college is really nice to us yeah it
really is
I wonder why didn't want video or audio
recording
I have no idea how to get back to my
room or the green room restricted area
gonna go in the restricted area because
I'm gonna go in there anyway one thing
to do about playing in an arena like
this is this so hard to sound check
because all the echoing and stuff like
that you gotta make sure the users were
really good all right so the person who
bought the house not very elegant so if
somebody bought the my bass from this
tour and okay what I get it through this
one that's it sup buddy are you doing
good luck we're all gonna sign it right
now and then we descend it to the wood
basically bought it from the they lost
from the auction I'm not making any
sense from the somewhere somehow
campaign basically so this base is going
Bob I did really well I'll sign that
baby do it with ham go hey all one we
just discovered that throwing ice
against the walls the closest we'll ever
get the throwing glass it's just I so
there's no damage but it makes you get
the aggression out if you have a bad day
the city visit your life man
the last time we played what to say
wasn't sweet
so Travis came out to nerd out with me
too
I would suggest a anything armor for
sleep and over then and it's just kind
of crazy don't watch
it's a bad idea record to see this bad
idea
which is this is a most impossible thing
conversing stop
I don't be the responsible one I'll
throw it away okay gonna throw it away
look at this this is we have fun and we
the Kings we're looking at we're also
very responsible are you gonna make trap
nerd all right Terra put the light on
your face
this is Terra and that is me that is me
she drew me so thank you
this show was pretty awesome for me
personally just because of the fact you
know it was like one of those things
what these were these two bands were
bands that I listened to in high school
and kind of were reasons why I was like
you know I played music and to be able
to play that on the same stage was just
one of those like dreams come dreams
come true moments and so I just want to
let you guys know today's motto once the
rock opens the damn door is that never
let anyone ever tell you that your
dreams are stupid right now Rock never
let somebody say your dreams are dumb
never ever don't ever ever ever no
matter what they are if you want to be a
dragon be a fucking dragon dragon you
can be exactly so I just want to say
thank you guys so much for watching the
videos if you guys are brand new don't
forget to click that little subscribe
button also before I go I have somebody
who wants to say body guys hold on guys
go to bed but ass we go wants to say
something
