good morning guys tattoo time but first
old man Charles has to refill his little
prescription box just to make sure he
doesn't forget his pills kind of feel
like such an old man
there's vim Pat so I gotta put that in
there is that right
no I do vim pet in the morning do it
goes do it at night hold on gotta focus
guys I gotta go so my dad just picked me
up because I think he's getting secretly
obsessed with tattoos and we're gonna go
get we're gonna meet up with Dimas my
dad's completely prepared this time look
at this got a nice little fruit cup we
got some pub subs we are prepared for an
eight-hour session
hey sup buddy good round two from three
yeah we're on three I've been I see
everyone's like everyone seems to be
taking to his Instagram guys didn't know
Dimas is gonna be in West Palm 23rd 24th
25th tattoo tattoo Mimi maybe I'm a
sorry so if you want to try to get in
there I contacted me always he's got uh
you guys Twitter and all that stuff so
you guys can contact them and maybe he
can get you guys in on the convention so
it's a giant tattoo convention he said I
already imagines he's gonna be doing
some Wi-Fi tattoos right where are we
what are we today we're covering your
with your existing tattoo oh yeah yeah
doing that guy that's awesome
see I get the Sun in there big floating
Sun so basically covering this thing up
and then we're gonna move this somewhere
else because can't have this right there
in the middle of the atmosphere or the
cosmos is bad this negative photos teach
my dad how to do this all right so we're
in the back of the arm and from what I
remember the back my arm doesn't hurt
nearly as much as when at Dimas and eyes
friendship almost ended when he kept
hitting my shoulder this one's not the
worst I've ever had I know and it came
out great
movie star there's the bottom right
there at the shoulder interesting to see
how you lay your phone yeah the hell's
goin up thing come on I'm gonna ring
what is that
it's ringing it's a text message noise I
know
go towards the light usually something
people want to get alright so we got the
little markers on there now oh no it's
perfect the cameras it's broken sorry
guys the best makarov can get so my
camera's broken because justice however
i got hello - yeah that's a little fancy
stuff over here dude your comfort is of
the utmost importance
like getting jab needles hopefully
that's gonna eventually be on my arm so
here we go
surprisingly enough from right I
remember the back of the arm does not
hurt as bad as the shoulder so I think
Dimas and I will continue being friends
so how many days of the coming here is
gonna take for you to get one oh I don't
know I can't wait to the forum and it
said forum you don't really even feel it
back here back my forearm sorry I felt
the front
I quit yelling here it won't be the same
as if I put you all here
well yeah history like a different
shading or yellow or it'll be darker
because this is hard
the black will be underneath it'll be
muddy ish yeah I mean it will like no
the goal will be the camouflage the goal
will be to roll all of that okay you
want to see the old tattoo sometimes the
old tattoo is peeking out more than you
realize it when you first do it
you know right on the one hand on the
other hand it's good that there wasn't a
lot of color around this cuz if it was
blue and green and stuff I'm trying to
put right over it so we're taking a
little break
I have to say it doesn't hurt nearly as
bad the other one don't get me wrong
it's not a bunch of fluffy clouds and
cotton balls but still
you want you want to be dip it in there
such a cool lunch
so those the cards we're doing this time
with the yells of southern purples sorry
here watching you get one Dimas could
fit you in my spot she was just a giant
mom on her shoulder
that's my you want world's best Sun and
a portrait of me on there maybe a Kobe
Tyson in the spaceship like mine there
you go apparently he could do those
soothing noises knocking me out yeah
baby I'm so sleepy
music music in the Sun coming in alright
so it's much better than the shoulder
top oh good guy so we're working on the
cover up so we need to do a couple
layers so we're going to do is with food
as much as we can on this this session
and then come back and then try to we
revisit it again just to make sure that
they look good tardy doesn't come
seeping through the Sun yeah sit up now
which is good for the back I was just
told Dimas house all asleep it feels so
bad like no usually pretty talking to
grab a nice conversation
this one else is like which is very hard
it's like getting a massage you want to
rock wall except to giving massages of
the needles it reminds me of like when I
worked in the movie theater in that
thing
clicking of the film that would always
put me asleep I would always be late to
set the movies because of that also I
was like dude Bailey's and coffee up
there there's stuff that could add some
metallic object a labelled people ask me
sometimes if I hear the sound on the
machine in my sleep or whatever like I
don't hear about tattooing my Jesus I'm
so used to it should I know
water flowing and babbling brooks
be like this has a tattoo guy going it
people like doing squeamish noises the
whole time
so just got home and I'm just like last
time the endorphins are just draining me
obviously we didn't get it as much as
time as we did with this one so right
now because we had to cover up the other
tattoo it's kind of like in that awkward
like you know when you're trying to grow
your hair out the awkward hair stage is
such a light color going on top of the
black and so in May I'm getting more
touch-ups I'm gonna get the flare coming
out a little bit more and then basically
hide the little little dude and then
yeah so I'm start tying everything
together so so far it's starting to look
pretty badass I'm getting pretty pumped
these are gonna be green there's gonna
be green hues and purple hues they go
over this area so it's coming together
it's just taking time that's the only
thing is I'm super impatient you guys
know that so I just want it done I wish
I could just stamp it on my arm right
now I'll gather oh hey hi Zoey
hi I win
so the we are CTFxC posters I didn't get
to sign all of them the last time so I'm
finishing up the thousand that we made
so if you guys want these go to CTFxC
merch comm so its first come first serve
they're not quite sold out yet but
they're really close to being sold out
and I just wanted to make sure to finish
signing all of them so I'm going to do
that even though I'm so exhausted my
endorphins are just wanting me to go to
bed I want to make sure I get this taken
care of first
so CTFxC merch calm guys if you guys
want that oh damn that's a special one
because that one's on the ground
we'll make it special for you guys it a
Wi-Fi one so I want whoever gets this
one that's when I fell on the ground so
it sounds official
it's a rat snake out of my house I do
not care for you guys please leave my
home Garrity catch them
Oh told me poisoning leave my home you
know my groceries yes you guys literally
just saw be Charles conquer a fear I
tried to catch a snake by myself do I
get my man card back yet guys guys I got
to go to bed I'm sorry it's like 10
o'clock I'm just passing out right now
my endorphins were like you and went out
the door so I'll see you guys tomorrow
as always hope you guys enjoyed today's
video and don't forget to click
subscribe and so you can watch every
single day and this weekend actually
we're going to be in New York so we're
gonna be playing a show in New York so
that's gonna be fun so I'll see you guys
tomorrow always
you
