good morning guys time to get an MRI so
I gotta get an MRI today obviously I
think I told you guys over this wrong
line my sister's right now because it's
easier to get to the doctors and look
what she has it was cool key crisp
and um so obviously I'm eating that now
so I got to get an MRI today fun stuff
to the doctor
look at that Tampa skyline that's
beautiful
ah space
all right so I'm gonna go get into a
tube I'm literally gonna ask for
Skrillex this time just to make it more
funny
all right where is it I'm fun right away
far away 30 spammed hey sure the Nerds
I've no time for the fun part
oh I have a penile implant tattoo long
drive tattoos more breastfeeding I don't
know but you need to pull your pants
well all done with the MRI which is kind
of funny cuz I actually played Skrillex
this time it sounds the same
anyway so now we're gonna get the
results and like a total idiot had
completely ever had Moses like he was my
pocket so the entire time it was jumping
around like a jumping bean that pocket
like I gotta get this out of my pocket
dude and now wait
so looks like my dad's copying my style
my mom's always embarrassed all it's my
favorite brain mom cook breaking things
so this is the medulla oblongata I think
when somebody's like brains there's
knowledge that one is zombies just want
to be brainiacs so from the video this
is where uh this is the top part of my
brain this is what I saw right in the
video you have to see my I say Haven
still haven't seen that video I'm
freaked out I don't think I want to see
it and the things right here was right
there right I haven't watched that video
yet should I do a reaction video that's
that I literally have not watched that
video I keep starting it and I'm like
doing that maybe I'll do a reaction
video I had a vessel bagel attacked last
time I saw it which is basically the
body just like has a panic attack and
like shuts down
you ever seen a year you and I should
watch it together what's so interesting
yeah I think it will be interesting it's
just I haven't seen it I just haven't
brought myself to see it the bureau in
order that's a bagel attack it's like
kind of wig when your body sounds like a
how are your protecting itself it just
kind of had like makes you pass out
literally when I got out of the
emergency room
the anesthesiologist gave me my camera I
hit play on the back and it was
literally my brain I was just like uh
remember that yes I was there my heart
was all your statistics were maxing out
at the time he's filming of course I'm
filming it was like a slayer drumbeat
camera I always have a camera that was
too soon there's way too soon to be
vlogging never too soon to vlog right
guys because the Internet's gonna let me
go on a real vacation to like Bora Bora
soon right guys I think you deserve it
it's up to the Internet though is it
okay can I go guys there put the brain
down sir
we related or what to see you of the
brain the brain free from brains I don't
know it wasn't the other thing - that's
for I do you need to do shiz
my dad gonna take me anywhere huh wait
what happened nothing happened
no my parents are trying to dissect what
that what they're looking at with a MRI
I'll show you guys in a second but it's
good news
figure it out what so this is what I'll
contrast the old one this is the new one
as you guys can see dramatically
different so as you can see freakin good
news chocolate milk would you do with
the valet ticket I did you see how much
sister my mom almost identical both a
nice purse yes sir
chivalry is not dead you figure it out
Thank You Ricardo is orange the whole
time my mom is crazy
so even more good news tomorrow I am
hopefully gonna finish the top part of
my sleeve I feel about that
no don't nothin come on you don't think
it looks cool but yeah so good news
today the stupid slug is shrinking so
it's like one of those things guys
always smile gotta keep your kq+
gotta always keep smiling his good
happens even if it was bad at one point
the gameplan I could think is they want
to keep doing the chemo to where it gets
super small and then zapping radiation
so that way that's a pot that's the
hopeful possibility that we keep keep on
this progress so that way it goes away
for a very very very very very long time
if not forever so that's the game plan
even my mom's addicted the Pepsi she's
like anymore did you shake it you you
were in such a frenzy so I went back off
the hand with my little sister again
just because one this couch is freakin
amazing and two of my sisters kind of
cool I'm just resting right now because
I've been up since like 5:00 in the
morning and every single time I have an
MRI
I'm just socked out for the rest of the
day just suppose that was on the phone I
gotta get turn the volume down so anyway
before I pass out I just wanted to say
thank you guys for all the posi vibes
looking at that thing and then looking
what it looked like two years ago here
I'll just show you guys the comparison
it's just mind-boggling no pun intended
I pretty much slept like a baby
Melissa's got the most comfortable
freaking couch in the world so we're
about to go back to my house because
tomorrow tomorrow I'll work him on the
tattoo did I say that quickly tomorrow
I'm working on the tattoo how was your
day I'm home again could I buy your love
again sit oh jeez my that's what you get
you lose it on your mouth because your
dick a jig and you guys tell them
exhausted but you love back okay we're
friends again so before I go to bed I'm
really falling asleep I just wanted to
talk to you guys about our awesome
sponsor audible.com just as a reminder a
lot of people don't know about this some
of the new CD FX years but if you go to
audible.com slash CTFxC you can actually
get a free audiobook for example you can
get like John Green books Game of
Thrones there's a bunch of different
books you can get for free so go to
audible.com slash CTFxC and then you can
be download them all for free I mean
I'll be completely honest when audible
became one of the CTFxC sponsors I never
really listened to audio books but ever
since we've been traveling a lot for
your medical stuff and on the road just
putting it in and just listening to a
book is awesome it's like watching a
movie but letting your imagination go
crazy so if you guys want to check them
out go to audible.com CTFxC if you guys
want free audio books just one of the
best you guys know so thank you audible
for sponsoring the CTFxC and I'm gonna
go to bed now because I'm so exhausted
and I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video and I'm so happy for the good news
and thank you guys for the support and
tomorrow doing the tattoo another
awesome visit with Dimas so I'm excited
so see as well as always have a great
night thank you sort of the love and
support and thank you for watching this
video don't forget to subscribe you guys
are brand new and sorry about yesterday
we forgot to say toodles I fell asleep
doodles
I'm gonna do it twice it this is for
yesterday doodles
yeah - all right bye guys love you see
you tomorrow so say good night good job
you
