good morning guys
I just started I know really good news
doesn't have the parasite or wormy more
she's 100% clean no more ear mites
no not parasite I know it's you super
excited now you can play with her all
the time
yeah starting the day off awesome news
are these all yours all of these they're
just all yours
is she not sharing with you bud not
sharing with you either tell her she
needs to share buddy we're going to
animal kingdom for the first time ever
and I feel like it's very appropriate I
said I watched face to Disney keep going
until we see Disney there we go
doesn't it not click it
there now we are good now we're
justified all right remember 12 actually
kind of exciting because I mean I've
never been you had them I got him
just remember doc well guess who got
randomly selected did you get randomly
selected too
I got we're gonna every time they come
to Disney yeah who is good randomly I
know I shouldn't like that like freak I
was I'm waiting for you and I always get
randomly selected waiting for my wife I
even said the guy was like I just
learned my lesson I'm not gonna stand
around aimlessly anymore I'm just gonna
keep walking around he's like usually
that works once again I got I got napped
we're all the animals there's bird
there's bandura yeah but we got to go
interlock our tails that say because
we've never been here
I think that's the thing that travestis'
was terrifying for Kinsley yeah Danny
was like hey you should totally go on it
and he's like nope I think was
terrifying
I guess Kinsley did not like it we
walked in immediately and we saw these
beautiful ears this is Quinn and she
recognized Ali what are we doing I made
the right choice yeah there we go
you're coming here no we want to say you
want to say anything my friend Julia
showed me your videos she's hi Julia
that's the one that was at the show
right no she actually wasn't there we
started watching you guys when we were
in sixth grade how do you know I'm just
going to go jump off a cliff what every
day so this is where Quinn told us to go
it's the nicest girl at the operation of
Expedition Everest and we're supposed to
look for the Yeti name fun fact that's
her name's name's Betty go figure
Yeti Betty walk faster New York is so
slow there we go
I like go into places that we normally
get to go to I'm the one that since ago
how scary is this gonna be for you
all right so I'll give it to him
that was probably one of the better
rollercoasters led than on in a while
didn't expect it to go backwards
supposed to do this I know because it
didn't realize it was supposed to
we just made another CTFxC er her name's
Carly
we the Carly which I've seen like a
million times on Twitter she said to go
to the giant stones dinosaur everyone
keeps saying go to this dinosaur thing
and we got it we had to check out the
Pandora things avatar even though she's
here tomorrow
I mean I was seeing how long we walk my
guess is going to be five miles that's I
guess any comment you think it's me five
now so in the comments let me know what
you guys think things got a big ass like
you baby a big ol but I just looked
fascinated by the giant dinosaur
I feel nauseous
every time haunted mansion we're on that
right it dies every single time on the
ride we were tricked
well no we're just in up we're just
idiots we saw a first dinosaur thing and
just assumed that was it but we heard
that so we gotta go this past restaurant
asaurus status or it's not as friendly
looking wonder how much like theme parks
spend on air conditioning open areas
like like this is completely open that's
so cool
crazy if there probably is a tree that
big and awesome didn't realize that's
actually alive we're gonna be cool to
see a tree that big what we did kind of
the redwoods so you know what some of
the redwoods like the grandfather tree
was you don't think was that wide
there's definitely not a stubby yeah I
can't remember is this Pandora yeah
well the the avatars the pngs the gifts
needed um everything he said that's cool
all right so we have a decision our in
five minutes oh by the way yes a Leonor
twinsies today
they're the same glasses on I know they
looked at Danica 420 hi if you want to
do this so this is Zach from Tennessee
yeah what do you want to say in the
Internet but we are about to invest 95
minutes of our life in this line and
probably be a minute and a half we
didn't wonder enough
Disney was a Disney Land we was a shame
our friend Shana we didn't do we didn't
get to do the guardians of the galaxy
woman I actually regret doing that it
was so long this is if I do regret it
that's munch that's for sure it's the
line looks cool
summer be the first mom to keep moving
what an amateur
you
no just buy it it's my shirt look at
your shoes
still hate going to a rave baby shirts
doing it but we ended up waiting in line
hung out was an awesome
another cjx years her name was bit was a
Bailey and she taught us all these
little secret tips and things throughout
the ride which by the way is worth the
wait wasn't as bad as I thought it would
be definitely definitely yeah I usually
get really nauseous and like seasick on
that thing but no good no thing but you
know one thing that I love I kept saying
oh look the breathing you're like
sitting on this bike or your Sam did it
right I knew feel it breathing between
your legs are just so cool but also the
smells which is something I always was
missing and a lot of those other things
but you can smell this Thank You snot
right now I always smells food getting
pumped through the trees and now I want
to go home and watch Avatar how do that
I don't know if we have another four
hours of spare watching another movie
before we leave Ali wanted to do the
Everest thing one more time I feel like
this is your favorite thing we just did
it tough to be a bug and I have to say
that was fun
it's just fun it's just kind of like
simple the bugs everywhere
what
so we already got on here three times
now or two times Ali wants to go a third
we're not doing a fourth day throw up
this girl right here has a new favorite
ride she's no giddy as a schoolgirl okay
okay right now I have a bunch of photos
I just want to show you and I want you
guys to tell me which one is the best I
think Ali crushed it on the last one but
alright so here's the photos from the
art trip
yeah I think I like crushed it the part
the one where you uh I have a favorite
one do you guys have a favorite one I
want you to screenshot the one you like
the most and send it to us on Twitter
maybe make a meme out of it I don't know
twelve remember that also check your
watch how many miles did we do but I
think you called it we I said five he
used it about three I think how he
called it I almost completely forgot to
tell you guys about this or ask you
about this we set up it's kind of like
everyone called a survey but it's kind
of like a question in the answer form I
guess that's kind of a survey but it's
if you fill it out links down in the
description it's a way for Ally myself
to know exactly what you guys like what
we can do better as the CTFxC as making
videos going places what I just it's
basically what you want to see how long
you been watching it's just a way for us
know a little bit more about you guys as
viewers so if you can't just take a few
minutes links out of the description let
us know it takes a few minutes like I
just said and we would really appreciate
it because this is a really good tool
that we can use in order to make these
videos better more amazing and more
interactive with you guys so check it
out but now I'm gonna say goodnight I
hope you enjoyed today's video and
please don't forget to subscribe you
guys are brand new and I gotta go chase
this cat and put her back in a room
right now
I think she's over there what are you
doing what are you doing
he's supposed to go to bed now what are
you drinking all the water from the
dishes okay
go to bed time to go to bed Rika and I
gotta mop this up gross see you guys
