good morning Internet well I see
something pretty grody let's see what
tattoo you what is wrong with it
I have leprosy touch it yeah touch it
touch it
what far as you jump just like mom did
so anyway this is finally an appealing
process so that's that's a good step
Jesus healing obviously this one's gonna
peel a lot just because it's so detailed
and it was like that my sister's hair
fell out their extensions internet I
have extensions surprise you have to you
get it no you got to get it like a you
get like a little clam peak thing and it
clamps to your hair okay just like that
okay guys your extensions may have an
idea I saw some clamps in here hold on
all right give me her extensions first
of all charlie didn't know what a bobby
pin was who knows little bobby pin is
where this is a bobby pin
this is what you used to pick locks and
breaking the houses why is it called a
bob I got hair extensions we just think
looks the grossest haircut I could
possibly have
that's what I'm gonna do so no offense
senior had the right here no high
offense to do what have rat tails other
look I think I'll put him up in the
front so I could be like The Misfits
wait how do you do this
this is pea Sarah's gonna watch I got
something to say weave it into your hair
because you don't have thick enough hair
that good this is real hair see she's
scalped someday oh you crazy boy you
guys think should I get hair extensions
so do you just put them in your head no
well you don't put them in with the body
your hair's already long why do you need
those it adds volume do you not see how
luscious it looks now how many do you
have in there yeah the secret of girls
guys you're like all girls are lying now
oh my god this is I feel like I've been
lied to do all girls do this um what
yeah girls stop lying the guys we don't
know this is fake you'll feel it like
when you touch touch my head feels like
feels like little bean yeah but it feels
like you touch my head you're Phyllis
Khare oh really cool is that like your
greeting line you like hey it's like hey
how's it goin wanna touch my head it's
like weird though cause like if you have
like I'll draw here here's a storm'll
skull mine goes like this like a big
indentation right there it's really
weird
hey to brain surgery no big deal alright
finish doing your weird girl stuff girls
so my sister her boyfriend is super
healthy and so she's just pulling out
all this health food she's had me to try
this stuff which is by the way delicious
and she's like showing me all night
secret stash that he doesn't know about
so hopefully he does not watch these
videos that's your secret stash last
night I was walking for Harvin let's
just see if I can find the food and it's
all that's like like health food stuff
and I see like stuff like this like
hidden this is healthy chocolate I don't
believe it
yeah cuz it says something like no NGOs
or it was an NGO GMOs or generally
modified or
I don't know genetically
genetically-modified they're generally
modded okay they're generally modified
no chemicals no hydrogen all that stuff
so there's this good candy it's unreal
yeah I was like how you hate everything
it's so funny oh nice and better now
it's not peeling so much good God every
time I walk by my sister's room she has
this giant rabbit and every time I'm
just like freaking out all right someone
I wander around to see what I can find
in the area
time to go wandering guys this is kind
of like my vacation I'm taking it you
guys told me to take a little vacation
this is as much of a vacation I can
actually bring myself to do so yep going
on a vacation right there looks like
from Indiana Jones or so like that so
I'm getting wind that there are Wawa's
here in Tampa now so I'm going to try to
find one part of me wants to hitchhike
but then my brain turns on and says
that's a bad idea so I'm still walking
what sucks is I think I'm gonna be
walking for 40 minutes but what else am
I gonna do today this is what I do on my
vacation guys I walk around the camera
in the middle of nowhere trying to find
a wall I really need to like really take
a vacation one day like go to like Bora
Bora or like the Cayman Islands like
really honestly take a vacation all the
things that I think of randomly yeah I'm
totally not gonna get jumped right here
I'm like all over the place right now I
think I see it seriously though they
it's got me are you kidding me I was
like three seconds this is why fire-ants
suck you demon ants go to hell got him
spaz this why you like the internet I
literally have no idea what I have said
in the past 45 seconds and I love it I
love when so many things just like spurt
out of my brain I just put turn the
camera on and start talking got to make
this walk okay what it
one ball outrun son done farts dig into
my awesome lunch deliciousness oh don't
mind if I do
what do you guys think should I get a
Bentley I just had people drive me
around the funniest thing about that
statement is Danny citizen if I get a
Maybach he will become my personal
driver just so he can drive it and that
would be just priceless right there it
just actually it wouldn't be that would
be like four hundred thousand dollars so
I think it's not really priceless it
cost a lot of stupid money just to have
so but they have lazy boys in the
backseat guys
lazy boys and to see daddy in a hat and
I have to open the door for me that
would almost be worth it just take out
billion loans all right that's what sir
crane oh no it's gonna rain please don't
rain and I love my tattoo wet speaking
of stupid costly cars in the comments
tell me if you could if you had no month
egg money was on a limit if money was
not a factor tell me in the comments the
one car you would want since I can't
drive a Maybach would be pretty cool for
me if I could drive I I don't know like
the one that mr. burns drives it is that
a Rolls Royce I would just want a
classic car if I could drive but since I
can't drive I would say if one is on to
issue a Maybach your turn guys in the
comments tell me what car money was not
an issue which one would you get if it
was says a big wheel you're gonna be my
hero
so much so my sister's had an Xbox for
two years is she's never ever hooked it
up I brought my South Park game so I'm
gonna try to play that cuz I've never
had really much time to play it to find
the cables that's a cable it's worth the
parking see she's still got a wrapper on
it
my sister is such a goofball you could
probably tell that we were related in
some of these videos lately plastic
still honest thing well has the Giants
fail I can't find the power supply
anywhere I got distracted from the Xbox
and I got started watching this
documentary it's kind of like it's
called cosmos is basically about
bass and how space was formed and is and
how big it is I don't know if you guys
ever knew this but when I was younger I
always wanted to be an astronaut hence
why this is out on my arm I did this as
a kid and I often do it to this day but
take a second just close your eyes and
listen what I'm gonna say okay so you
take space and you take one galaxy then
you look into a black hole then inside
that black hole there's like millions or
infinite other galaxies with potentially
the same time of mini galaxies are
planets or moons or Suns and then just
try to think about how big the universe
is in space and how you just keep going
and like what I think about that my mind
just shuts off I'm just like that's it
done thinking the brain is just like
throws its little brain tentacles up in
the air and just gives up and it just
blows my mind to think about how big
space is and it's so fascinating so
maybe that explains kind of like why a
lot of people are wondering why I'm
getting a space-themed tattoo one I
always want to be in an astronaut and
two it's always fascinating to me anyway
guys so today it's been a nice relaxing
day of just being nerdy and watching
documentaries hope you guys enjoyed
today's video if you guys are brand new
please click that little subscribe
button it will be right after I talk
you'll see a big yellow subscribe button
click that and subscribe so you can
watch the videos every single day and I
will see you guys tomorrow as always
doodles
bye this
you
