good morning guys good morning guys hey
guys how's it going my arms sore it's
like better than that
I slept in pretty well and now today
I've let it be
Charlie homemaker because there's all
these little hair balls everywhere
luckily Chico's that Lauren and Dennis's
house so I don't have Chico hair to deal
with H&M Zoe Marley hair so I'm going to
try to be Charlie homemaker right now
and clean up the house so that goes
first things first laundry time love
doing laundry you tell is the sarcasm
just seeping off my mouth right now just
love it love it so much so much I would
make you do it
throw all these hair balls this gross so
cool this is like insane that something
could do this on the skin like that you
only mean like every time I look at this
I'm just like wow this is freaking
amazing
and I just think about all the painful
parts and I look at it wait where it was
and I just can't believe how it came out
and by the way what do you guys gave me
a good idea with the astronaut with the
reflective thing they said the astronaut
should be holding a camera like vlogging
so I'm gonna happy must do that cuz
that's a great idea
whoever gave me that idea in the
comments yesterday brilliant idea
any other ideas to add to the tattoo let
me know please so you guys know the good
old saying I always say an apple a day
keeps Bill Gates away Internet totally
random question what is your favorite
type of Apple is it Macintosh that would
be really funny if I was eating an apple
macintosh straight out that would
actually been cooler
do I have one drat I don't anyway I get
distracted lo sub shiny I'm an apple
you own my Apple she doesn't love
everything she loves the ideas he loves
everything
what was that talking about what is your
favorite Apple internet McIntosh Granny
Smith these are my favorite ones of all
time I love sour things
then attack do you want a poster you
want a posters that we want okay I would
like where's mine so Lauren just took me
to the grocery store and to go pick up
some packages and it was so funny I
literally had like five people asking
about the tattoo just in it little span
even as old lady she's like that's so
beautiful like this literally this 80
year old lady was like what is that I'm
like it's a galaxy she's like that is so
beautiful it was pretty awesome so I
can't wait for the whole full sleeve I
only keep saying this but I cannot wait
for this whole thing to be done
because if it looks anything like this
my whole arm is just gonna be
fascinating especially if I hide little
things in there
laundry time Largent I'm Zoe
god I hate laundry yeah
so I sweep it up the house and have my I
Tucson shuffle and simple plan randomly
came on and it just immediately shot me
back to was the year and a half ago that
the simple plan tour over over in Europe
and I was just thinking about all the
crazy stuff that we did over there it's
funny how music can do that just like
teleport you
since I played for the cleaning ninja
you guys won't see how I clean
I don't know what it is about this damn
song but I love it I have no idea what
the artist is I just searched Ocean's
Twelve and I just watched that scene
over and over again you're the cause of
all this stuff clearance we're you're
the cause of all this take this go to
the source
where's the other one we gotta get it I
don't want to keep doing this it's okay
put your belly over leg up leg up
ah
cool
this how you be domestic guys do you
guys want to see disgusting victory
that's a disgusting victory it's a
victory nonetheless this all came off of
you guys mainly you don't be embarrassed
I gotta keep up with the cleaning do you
just come in here fart and leave smells
like poop your father did you get being
a father did you get oh boy okay am i
back that's organized this house is
gonna be spotless when I'm done with
this you sleeping on my clothes they
comfortable there you go
don't know won't be so funny
hi yeah hi internet my internet I both
you hacker attacker Marley shake all
that hair over here so I can go clean it
up again neverending story never-ending
store face should be the new singer well
now I got all the hair off the floor
hair like all the hair off the floor I
got it all off
techno time Wow looks like I have to
take a break and walk these little Chris
want to go for a walk
all right I'm walking you why are you so
freakin demanding you have feet on you
lock yourself that's finding your
squirrels I mean if you find a squirrel
I'll let you change some I love watching
how Marley walks in and how Joey walks
get captain Wiggles over here at scooter
bug you guys are definitely not elegant
walkers I've been on an offspring kick
for the last couple days I don't know
why like pretty fly for a white guy and
Americana basically was my favorite I'll
album it was like my first was one of my
first punk albums first album I think I
ever bought was a Fi shut your mouth
open your eyes good riddance ballads of
the Revolution and americanah by of the
offspring with my first three albums I
ever bought I'm
kind of surprised I remember that can
you guys remember the first albums that
you ever ever purchased if you guys
remember the first albums we ever
purchased tell me in the comments and
we'll just comparing the trust because
genuine I'm actually impressed that I
remember that all right guys it's pretty
much do a walk-through so far pretty
clean get in there right get in there
what are you doing what do you have
that's what's on this blanket in mine
okay your gorilla ball girl ball
protect it you're the mother of a baby
gorilla
are you proud you're a proud mother and
you are the mother of a giant scary
freakin clown which seems appropriate
for you and I'm more of a serious note I
just wanted to say thank you guys so
much for lately for allowing me to kind
of be on a relaxing mode and for being
okay cool with shorter videos the last
couple days it's honestly been
tremendously helpful for my mind and
just like clearing things out and
getting inspired
Rhian spired I guess I should today
sorry I got a vitamin C though the last
few videos have been shorter than normal
but you guys have still been totally
awesome and loving the videos I really
honestly means a lot to me so I just
want to say thank you guys so much the
little things the little things like
that being a lot to me guys and I just
wanted to say I love you guys thank you
so much
it's this hour I want to say thank you
nerd rock for leaving your vitamin C but
I don't want to make the bed it's all
nice and clean but I don't want to make
it come on you guys you made it dirty so
after a long day of being domestic
Charles I kind of fell asleep I'm kind
of resting with the dogs naturally on
the clean sheets I didn't say I gave him
no permission by the way I just laid
down myself and apparently that was all
the permission they needed
and Zoe keeps freaking snoring so
anytime I like pass out she's here yeah
we kept that wake you up
because somebody's waking me up all
right Internet well this cleaning ninja
over here needs to go to bed hope you
guys enjoyed today's video if you guys
are brand new don't forget a little
subscribe button and I'll see you guys
every single day have a great night
