good morning guys tattoo day today
so my dad is taking me to finish off the
sleeve this weekend I think I have next
week with Dimas
so I'm gonna start finishing off the
sleeve finally so it's been a long day
no catching dinosaurs today just getting
needles in my arm over and over again
we're here with Dimas at a new place and
we're just walking around freaking
gorgeous by the way if you want more
tattoos by anybody come to Dimas his
links down there in description he's now
on you're on now Instagram and Twitter
right I'm both of them now he's getting
up there so you guys can contact him if
you want any tattoos or anything like
that I highly recommend it you can check
out his new place but what we're gonna
work on today is we're gonna do the
shoulder and if we have time we're gonna
work on the rocks and then the next time
we're gonna work on the other parts of
the arm so you got to cut you kinda have
to move you're not supposed to do the
whole section on the arm at once right
but you shouldn't do the top part you
should do top and bottom part just
alternate thing that we're doing because
our appointments are so close together
I'm trying to do stuff to where next
time I cannot get this oh yeah so I
won't be so sore yeah cut that strong
let that nearly get me in there
I said like that Oh fins it out doesn't
flow easier it's just of lighter guys
are learning so much with him is that we
get this stencil or the transfer what's
what's the best way to call it it's a
heat trap it was a stencil it is it's
just not a carbon copy not a carbon copy
so you get that and then it comes out on
that and then you put on my body elbow
one I'm worried about you gotta take
your face you're not gonna tell you all
right guys like the response people
don't like it
the network behind you
but with a spider you may find this at
all the beginning do you ever see that
photo looks like circulating with reddit
it's like a black hole that they
dissected and then with inside the black
hole are like millions of more galaxies
yes it was like we're gonna get these
black holes get like millions of
galaxies so right you just lying below a
topic that would be I try not to put
crazy detail stuff in those earrings oh
yeah they spend like 20 hours of that
little area yeah basically the top the
shoulder just grind the whole nine
fingers
although you thought was like oh I need
to just now learning that the shoulder
thing hurts
yeah it's just so every time at the very
tippy top of the shoulder like the
shoulder blade area and then when you go
down like he was the few months was just
saying like go down like the quarter of
an inch it's totally fine this is
probably the most painful and I've ever
had that's the peak right there yeah
it was this telling me to out he hates
it too which is kind of funny
we're getting there that's some space
going by far the worst one had ever had
though as far as right there yeah oh God
I just told Dimas I was just gonna take
a sharpie every day the B month is
looking at Instagram all the love you
guys are giving him right now
thank you you're not following them
right here on the screen so you can go
follow him I was while working Wild
Orchid because everyone in what colors
these are wide array now if you guys
ever wonder what colors are on here you
can always reference this video pretty
purple are pretty purple not sure how
much it is which like a light purple was
that one this is a chance' do I lack
I love the names and now begins the read
if you wondered if the color hurts
feels great it's not bother me a bit
sorry this one section so far so good
the blood adds to it now we're doing the
little cosmic stars then hopefully you
will be it over this section and do us a
nice friendship and go back to normal we
will no longer be enemies for the
evening putting on the finishing touches
little dots little tiny little dots
little stars throughout the world
there's a lot of sense stars in the
galaxy dead this is gonna be the exact
amount he is entirely sure this is
authentic so if you ever count my arm
that's how many stars are in the galaxy
I'm not allowed to look I keep looking
over there but I'm not I don't want to
look I don't want to ruin the surprise I
just said this to my mom oh no all right
I'm allowed to do it holy fuck
that is king awesome Dimas killed it
again dude dig it dude oh yeah dude
killed it again as awesome little white
stars do all done
oh you think I'm freaking awesome right
oh we were talking about our favorite
star which is that one right there
oh yeah we are done like I said guys say
thank you to Dimas go follow on Twitter
and Instagram as links down there in the
description and if you want tattoos
you'd have to go through here at him go
get the CTFxC Wi-Fi tattoo with him
they'll do it he's booked though you
guys gotta get this in advance so Dimas
another successful tattoos session with
Dimas this wood took six hours a little
longer than the other one
but I think it came out amazing just the
colors and it's just I'm starting to get
an idea what the wall sleeve is going to
look like now I'm just so pumped for the
fact that I'm gonna put up
can't hear guys I wanted to run this
idea I thought this would be a cool idea
why was getting tattoo I thought it'd be
kind of cool to have baby on my forearm
or maybe there is that the forum with uh
Sephora assistant gunner arm the my arm
maybe have like an astronaut like
floating off in the space and on its
visor is reflecting space so it's
reflecting maybe parts of the tattoo I
thought that'd be a cool nice big piece
for my forearm so what'd you guys think
you guys like that we have more have any
other cool ideas let me know in the
comments perhaps around all right so
this is Erica she's helping me find my
cologne because I lost it on that last
tour um perhaps around here what do you
suggest sir what are you getting what
you getting what I want they don't have
any uh the Justin Bieber it's over here
come on let me here who wants to see
daddy's new tattoo huh
it's cool isn't it that's really cool
smells pretty bad here right look what's
on my shoulder hey where's the food I
was promised food with the food okay
it's funny like gonna get tattooed I
don't know what how many people are on
the CTFxC H they have tattoos but when
you get tattooed it's like really kind
of funny cuz you're just sitting there
but you get so tired after like the
endorphins they endure for a stir the
endorphin rush you just like like I feel
like I could go to bed right now and
just pass out I can't wait to finish it
I think it's gonna look awesome next
actually next week we're working on the
back I'm actually gonna be covering that
guy up or melting it within the new
design so I'm pretty pumped what'd you
guys think honestly if you think the
sleeves gonna be badass starting to look
pretty badass right my favorite part is
that the Sun and that little red star
Wow
so remember what I was saying like I
kind of makes you sleep in you're gonna
fall asleep I fell asleep I better go
back to bed now because it's in the
middle of the night hope you guys
enjoyed today's video
things healing pretty damn good I'll see
you guys tomorrow as always don't forget
to subscribe if you guys rand-new
and also don't forget that the limited
we are CTFxC posters are available right
now I think they're almost sold out so
if you guys
then go to CTFxC Mertz calm anyway so I
gotta clean this one more time in the
past oh wow I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video I'll see you at tomorrow's
always toodles
I mean sorry
