good morning guys it is can early
well I mean it's not necessarily early
because yesterday we woke up about like
with four or five in the morning to get
on the flight but this is like early for
me at the house and I'm just look I'm
looking at the class clock and I'm
looking back at the data just like doing
one of these moments oh actually I had a
weird dream last night and I want to say
before I forget last night all of this
is weird but just it's odd you know like
Paul Rudd was an anchorman too and he
was doing all the promotion as Brian
Fantana I had a dream that I had a
chance to interview Paul Rudd and not
instead of ask him anything to do with
anchorman 2 I asked him what it was like
about the movie clueless in the in my
dream he said I was the funniest
interview he's ever done in his entire
life don't know why why are where that
came from but thought I'd share it
because I thought it was kind of funny I
felt kind of clever about it cough
medicine man it's working but she's
dudes come on like what wake it up come
on we're pushing ourselves oh we gotta
go pay off the posters they almost sold
out got them out quick we're go do it
you can go do it guys I'll just stay
here and chill good morning okay well do
good morning all right all right
he'll God is gonna be bad allowed it oh
yeah you guys pretty much been yelling
at me all week to like just take a
relaxing break or just take it easy for
a day so I think today is going to be
the day I pull my card out is that okay
guys I hope it's okay with you guys so
the video is a little short it's because
I pulled my card out
but here I'm gonna do this I'm gonna do
something for your very very daring I'm
going to catch a dinosaur we'll use this
handle
Oh God I thought it was gonna getcha
dinosaur so fast everybody couldn't get
advanced for you guys never tried to
catch a dinosaur that's already lost his
tail he knows what's up but he doesn't
want anything to do it he's already
learned it's lesson I'm gonna catch one
though what the hell's that God still
gonna catch the status or even though it
is dangerous it's super dangerous as you
guys can see I'm still going to catch it
down it's over you guys or die trying
have they all gone extinct I cannot seem
to find any this is frustrating is it
too hot see one big one
I'm never gonna catch one of these
things Oh looks like guys my Jurassic
Park idea is not gonna happen for a
while I want at least catch one want to
help me let me find a dinosaur so though
I had this one right there I think what
I need to do is just try not to film
myself catching this and just try to
catch one you little bastard
and we'll tear apart this bush looking
for you hey come on supposed to help me
not help me at all
do you forget about the mission think
what it might be anything we'll come
line when the lizards actually come out
it might be too hot right now
it might just shrivel up so maybe they
have to come out well of bugs so eh come
on little hunter where's Marley although
she is no she is I know I was getting
distracted by hunting for all the
dinosaurs Lauren's taking me to a
bailout all the posters before it's too
late so I can get those to you guys now
before everyone gets angry at me so
thanks Lauren the posters are now in the
mail all for you guys mission
accomplished what what do you want oh
you want your own poster down I don't
know if I could make your own poster oh
you just think the internet would want a
poster of you what makes you so sure
about that want it like a centerfold you
own your own centerfold okay that took a
lot out of you didn't it so I don't feel
like this needs to be addressed but I
feel like I want to do it just one more
time because honestly some of the CTFxC
is kind of really bumming me out it's
kinda feel like tarnishing the name of
the CTFxC as a community as a group
people harassing Ally still to this day
when she's on dot Tufts channel
harassing dot Tufts Channel and it
really truly bothers me because honestly
guys I just want before you guys do
something like that just think about if
you want write it out but think really
hard before hitting that post
because it not only hurts you but I know
what your intentions are but it also
hurts the name of the CTFxC because Ali
has done nothing to anybody you just we
didn't we just don't work together you
don't I mean and it sucks to say that
but she's done nothing wrong I want you
guys to skills support her
obviously I'm so really close with her
family as you can see Lauren literally
brought the posters with me to the ucae
UPS Store for you guys I don't want to
talk a lot about this kind of stuff but
I really want this to be honestly
something you guys really think about
before just writing in the comments
something negative either about me or
Ali you know specifically Ali because I
can take it you don't I mean I've been
doing this for ten years I've seen every
comments that about me in the world
there's probably nothing in this world
that could be said to my face or on the
internet that I would be offended by
anymore I just want you guys to know
that I truly love you and I know Ali
truly loves you guys as well I hope you
guys understand it just basically think
about before you hit that post button
just just think about it basically what
I'm trying to say is the bottom line is
I hope you guys will continue to support
her as much as you guys continue to
support me because she deserves it you
know I mean just want to say that guys
I'm gonna put you guys down lying
no we go ready go awesome
now the word dinosaur catcher ever don't
knock the camera over son of a bitch
I see another one oh there's another one
I'm going to get you what pal is inside
now gonna take the ever serious oh my
god help me Zoe the big ones are
impossible think it went under the
cockroach surprise spiders all over puts
various the hordes going get this girls
up there is helping me out okay
hope you Mari what am i trying to catch
I don't wanna try to catch here hello
what hello went there oh there it is to
get you cut it down a sword look at that
ferocious dinosaur he's pissed victory
I caught a dinosaur the fright bite it
about your toes Marlee
okay speaking of dinosaurs we have
another one in our yard oh it's a baby
a bunch of baby so keep those things
sounds like dinosaurs little babies come
on Darryl the dinosaur and we'll let you
go free thank you for letting me catch
you and educating the world by Darrell I
don't know if you guys actually knew
this but birds are actually more related
to dinosaurs and lizards yep just one of
those in Nam you know it's also April
14th which means awesome fun tax day so
I'm scrambling to make sure you get all
my tax information taken care of before
tomorrow also did you guys know April
15th when we do taxes was actually the
day that Abraham Lincoln that Abraham
Lincoln was actually assassinated and
now you know again I'm just thinking
throw those in there every time I learn
something I just want to like pass it on
to you guys even if it's stupid like
that
for example Marley likes to eat poop
the girls and I are trying to get back
in shape get some exercise get back to
our walk regimen only thing is it's
almost summer again such a terrible time
to try to start doing this worth it I
guess this could be just pre-gaming for
a walk tour because I've got how much
heat that is and how many bad Sun there
and how many bad Sun tans I'll get like
this one right now is pretty terrible
it's like I have a permanent tank top
although what do you guys think you like
my permanent tank top screams its spiffy
all right guys well it's time to go to
bed I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video be catching dinosaurs hope you
learned something today
you guys are brand-new to the videos
please click the little subscribe button
and I will see you guys tomorrow as
always also if you want to get the
posters these posters the signed posters
there's a few left
they're almost sold out but you can go
to CTFxC merch comm and get those
first-come first-serve so I'll see you
guys tomorrow as always have a great
night I'll see you tomorrow as always
