good morning guys time to go home to
pack this
let's go see if our lovely neighbors are
up everyone up and ready yeah
waiting on us always Danny and I always
last ones
orbs all right huh
Ryan is so happy all the time he's
always got to smile on your face and you
wake up in your grumpy you're just like
what the fuck do you mean you know I
love you I love you I was just telling
Danny gotta take a page out of your book
how happy you are all the time always
smiling Ryan's always smiling you'll
never see Ryan with a sad faces like an
angry face I do I just
I go hiding I cry he hiding the corner
figured it out Danny I forgot your larg
o'clock looks like it's important dude
you don't want that you forgot your
microwave make sure you pack that carry
on what did you bring a microwave on
carry on I know this morges bored
pancakes and minutes yeah
triple-a oh it's okay I mean I
appreciate it
thank you thanks so much to work you
know Doris is trying to find batteries
for me she got some batteries this is
from the state plan what time's your
flight 7:40 we're on same for anything
flight yeah but you have first class I
know you get first class oh really
I'll send you some drinks you'll drink
I'll send you some cranberries you're
gonna sleep sleep buddy user you found
him again buddy yeah I dig it
we all made it to Atlanta that flight I
completely slept the entire time was his
tone Danny the flight attendant it was
like I was completely zonked out and my
she was all over back he's like sir
sir he's getting like really frantic I
guess he's patting me
back up the good news is I slept that
entire time overshoot know how to work
these things in they 29 you notice I'm
still learning things okay
clearance table totally gets Danny is
attention as we're walking through what
is that
was just telling them like every time we
pass the gadget story even in the
airport I swear I'll buy everything even
these you know it for coffee
great store coffee crystal Swarovski
crystal back home oh there's our dog or
homie I say hi little homie got a fist
pumping buddy teach the little kids that
tradition so damn loud Oh
so the posters came guys that looks like
so I gotta get the signing nose my
little dudes
you ready I'll go take a nap come on
little dudes well the dude hit your
monkey ball you can bring your monkey
ball come on pop the bed
good girls got your monkey ball yeah I
got my monkey ball got your monkey ball
yeah I got my monkey ball but it's just
like I don't care I didn't miss you I
didn't miss you at all
what is that stop - monkey ball what
what did I say
hell are you doing is it cool I take a
little nap be cool guys be cool head wet
I am up
I'm on take three I'm up right so it
looks like today the posters came the
ones where I'm standing in front of the
crowd and for the concert all the CTX
ears are in the background so I'm gonna
go right now with my mom to go get some
sharpies and then Monday when this video
is live you go to CTFxC merch calm the
they should be on the site these are
literally going to be limited because
I'm gonna be right on tour so I wasn't
going to sign anymore
but I think there's only going to be a
thousand of these these posters that
will be signed so if you want them
first-come first-serve
because I won't go to sign obviously
when I'm overseas in Japan and all that
fun stuff now I can just decide what
colors we do the signature in what do
you think yellow sweetie yellow orange
green I think maybe either gold or
silver
I'll just get both of them you can
switch it off so that where there's gold
ones in like there's silver ones or I'll
just let the internet decide that's
probably a little look the internet
decide when I get home so I also got a
little friend for this guy I'm kind of
sad because I don't necessarily want to
frame it so I listened to it last night
we're not last night the other night
before I left I listened to the vinyl
the way the Kings and it just sounded so
cool but I got some cool little frames
for us so that way could actually
protect it but I'm a little bummed
because now I've never actually been to
listen to it let's see what this looks
like what do you guys think looks pretty
good right I think what I want to do is
when we get another one of these sleeves
in the background I'm gonna flip it
upside down so that way it's the
background to this or maybe I'll just
get the original photo and get this what
about the fence it maybe put the fence
in the background what you guys think or
do you guys like the white feel like the
white is just a little too block means
maybe the fence post I'll leave it up to
you Internet yes a good position here I
put this in here somewhere or is that
like kind of weird to have a CD sleeve
in with the vinyl so I got a weird oh I
dropped the camera guys there we go so
this baby looks like
oh there's two of them okay three two
one it's just like a good inspirational
poster that like when I look at this
photo it just shows me that I'm not by
myself like literally I have the CTFxC
behind me it's just such a cool poster
and I'm so happy it was made all right
now I found gold or silver so if you
guys are following me on Twitter and
Instagram that's how you guys were able
to vote for this so if you guys were
wondering were like I didn't get the
vote you have to make sure you're
following on Twitter and Instagram but
I'm gonna try gold and silver both on
this poster and I'm gonna tweet it and
see what but I'm probably gonna go with
gold
I think Gold's is gonna be more unique
damn it I can't tell which one I like
better now well it appears that it
appears trap appears that silver has one
so I'm gonna sign these babies in silver
you
stupid lens so it looks like I broke
this
camera means I getting to go getting
replaced so I'm finishing up I'm almost
done with the first batch and I'm just
kind of watching a slideshow from Warped
Tour and just kind of getting basically
pumped up for this year's Warped Tour if
you guys didn't know we will be on the
entire Warped Tour this year 2014 so I
hope to see a ton of CTF X nears that
they're just like last time because
memory guys this is where we went to
Mount Rushmore so I'm basically watching
all this stuff and just getting pumped
again and just remembering all the
awesome times from the last one I
basically want to see four times this of
CTFxC r--'s in front of the base section
on the stage just basically going crazy
stupid camera
all right onto the box number two
because I promised myself that would
have these available to you guys on
Monday so I'm gonna do this I don't care
how late I'm up I'm going to do this I
used to use my nose more I want to see
those disgusting habit I have some
reason another I just feel compelled to
try to put as many as my mouth as
possible oh it's like the biggest pig
thing I ever do I don't do with anything
else just chips think what it was this
as well as a little my sister was trying
to take my food so I was trying to eat
it I think honestly I got it from you I
know I'm sorry
I'll play with you almost done I meant I
only have 250 more to go okay they will
play this happens every single time even
when I sign we the kings merch halfway
through I just forget who I am and like
how to spell my name and literally just
sit there and blank I'm like Who am I
again I never forget literally how to
write my name out and spell it in school
I used to make you write things over and
over again to remember but for me when I
write things over and over again I
forget things it's complete opposite who
in my Internet Who am I well I'm just
gonna finish packing these things up
into this little box so I can ship this
out tomorrow do you look comfortable
already go to bed I'm pretty exhausted
myself I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video if you guys are brand new don't
forget to click the little subscribe
button wherever it might be I'm gonna be
at the end of this video also if you
guys want these poster
just go to CTFxC Merce comlinks down
there in the description but uh I'll see
you guys tomorrow as always have a great
night
doodles sorry was that too loud
