good morning Internet today is packing
day do you guys want to pack this for me
please
so today I fly out to Philly or
Pennsylvania for tonight and then
tomorrow we have a show like another
college show so I'm just packing right
now as you can see it's very well
organized
I just been throwing whatever I think
will work good thing it's only for the
weekend because I don't really like
packing you guys always know that for
tours and stuff like that then I got
enough underwear I got some cool socks
that's good
all right all the little ones up good
morning little one come here come here
any day now
she's got a stretch first thing the
morning I have to always stretch you
guys gonna miss me stretching again
you're like a freaking cat look at this
stretch you be good god you stink and
judging you with your stinky face girls
ready for your favorite game Internet we
got to come up with a name for this game
where we take the chunks of food and
just throw it up in the air all right
one two sorry I didn't count the three
okay more we got to come up with a name
for this game if you're ever down or
down now have a thing just if you have a
dog find your kernels of food and just
do that and see just watch them go crazy
it's the funniest thing always puts a
smile on my face
hi guys no more procrastinating okay I
gotta get his stuff done are you kidding
me girls pick up your toys come on wait
that right did I do that that won't stop
so done so confused why are things
confusing me my brain school friends
breathing eating our oranges again do
not okay they're gonna go chase that
bird so what's gonna happen little jerk
is oh he's gonna get it out birds like
fucking idiots so squirrel friends been
doing he's been taunting you eating your
oranges all right let's go say hi to Ted
you know one thing that is consistent is
Ted
and the statue right buddy the plane was
delayed about 20 minutes I just met up
with Danny and Hondo
show me potato salad do you guys get it
we're all just won the lotto kids keep
going this right now
is it us go say hi what's your name
Hayden Hayden nice to meet you man I'm
Charles that's hunter and this is Danny
over there
they should have no fucking water yeah
they're in LA they're back throw in the
back I'm above your seat
so we got pushed back to 955 so even
more prospective can I use your phone
alright have your cheese things like my
dessert that is a mini snacking cheese
Danny's like a rabbit cause I like to
eat carrots oh boy it's gonna be a long
flight yeah or a quick one depends on
how much alcohol is on sales rabbit and
it's gonna be a quick buck there's gonna
eat an apple
I got poisoned / ecto cooler
I just thought next to the amber it's
just look really cool what you're doing
there Danny huh looking for my baseball
stuff on the plane my ears pop the
entire time my ears really clogged and
the second I stepped on the plane they
finally popped now
that's the worst thing about flying for
me if I ears
you pop so I'm just like hey
like an old man like every single time I
talk to someone
you
anybody here sir sedan beating others in
the bathroom there was the bathroom that
they wanted to leave and then I got
pushed into that we're on a band meeting
we all were in the bathrooms I can do my
business up here in fact I guess I
actually explain why they have
cigarette like little babies on planes
still people if they do want to smell
and they do they're going to spirit us
speak in any way rather than good put it
in here we're down the down there it's
all men they at least can do this so
they can break the law appropriately
we have some for that see Buster now you
know I don't care how many times we've
fly ever I don't know if this happens to
you when you fall asleep and then all of
a sudden you like land and you don't
realize your land you just like wake up
like throwing like phantom punches Oh
Joel
here's like three ration you're just
like going like that and by the way this
is Chelsea see GFX here are you work it
out you work at Philly so far this is
looking grim looking grim
didn't yelled at but okay with one I saw
five guy with a passion aside you you
gonna eat it all out of the way and we
are halfway reunited yeah we got buddy
hey my buddy I missed you guys oh right
as I drop the f-bomb camera right move
it welcome back I've missed you go right
guys there's some Danny want to get the
pretzel redeem yourself take a seat take
a seat
but so on someone else's a massive case
of dandruff nothing goes for the salt
from the pretzels which I like 100
pretzels no pretzels Danny make it some
salt from the chair if you want
I I hear a nerd rock there Rock
sup buddy I'm just hanging out in Philly
with my hi are you guys gonna see you
guys again we went on a Taco Bell date
oh yeah yeah ago we did a lady in the
Tramp thing with the taco yeah it was
nice
sounds disgustingly awesome and was look
at his hair or just turn around look how
nice and suave what'd you guys think
should never ah keep his hair go like
too short Vegas I like the long what do
you guys think I like long I think long
short that's Danny stealing cereal
excuse me sir
sir every single fruit loop tastes the
same from the red to the yellow to the
blue I believe it you're it's all line
yeah it's all the same flavor childhood
ruined and now you know I didn't get a
chance to film this but we were on the
plane train and there's a guy it was so
tall probably would touch that roof
right there
no he was gonna be walking he couldn't
get in and Danny asked miss Chu sighs
and my basically ten-and-a-half it was
bit roughly 22 22 so roughly this was
one foot and there's one foot of my new
shoes it was unbelievable unbelievable
hello hello oh look who just moved in
yeah hey if you guys keep us up a
nominal come on man split you're screwed
anyway so we got adjoining rooms which
is kind of funny just a couple of guys
hanging out in the hotel room by
themselves drinking beer watching
baseball oh wait this is the party
that's my just a couple of guys near
Rock what take him down
do for the ultimate warrior zoo Oh No
whoa where's your head right now let me
do that
oh it's just little a chokeslam all
right look good god this is what they do
by opening up the rooms I get this looks
so weird
Danny alright guys well it is about 2:00
a.m. right now I'm just editing what you
just saw and tomorrow's the show
so I just want to take some medicine
fall asleep hope you guys enjoyed
today's video if he has a brand new
don't forget to click the little
subscribe button and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night
toodles
