hey guys so today is Charles daeho
before cashion day
but first who else did this as a kid
just piled it up to an absurd amount but
here's the worst part of all Rice
Krispies it doesn't matter how high you
pile it up when you put the milk in it
just always overflows watch but what's
wrong with a milk why is it brown
because it's chocolate milk tea now it's
over phone snap crackle pop I'm a child
I know I can just simply go and take
this and go like this hey Marley clean
up so here sit down or out now Marley
picks up speed so no I don't want it
good job dude ha ha pretty you enjoy
that daddy's gonna go get a haircut
today because my hair is freakin long
it's time to go get a haircut I know
have a pink sock
good morning how long you're gonna keep
that on your head have a pink sock I'll
wear it cool that's cool but I look cool
we're going to go see that rock'n'roll
Museum
his body's got a rock-and-roll Museum
and I wanted to show you guys this here
is the the news report that when they
destroy the hotel right here on the
screen just posit
that's why to add now the Kings need to
step up big-time
oh yeah yes I'm a big time all we do is
roll around the chairs and accidentally
not gonna knock down the catering that's
about it or Travis moving around
mattresses and putting it in the
bathroom party hard guys
and no more hobo Charles shade beard new
hair linka clean-cut
oh you all knew me there's something at
this museum I wonder did he still have
the Beatles thing I want to show you
guys you guys gonna literally literally
go take a poop now because you're gonna
poop yourself once you see this thing go
go do it
oh I'll be here to pause my dad's friend
LD is over there
howdy howdy he's got all this amazing
stuff and I'll just let you show me
around I'll do LD he's the curator you
want to show me around what do you want
to start with a Peugeot don't want to
miss him you know well we've got
everything from A to Z from Allman
Brothers to Zappa right is this we the
kings yes it is right in the middle
right there buddy I think I got
everybody honest I feel pretty cool then
yeah
nice where's the Allman Brothers all
right behind you okay so we got the
Allman Brothers here okay so we have
Greg Allman here then we only have we
the kings this is something this is the
thing I was telling you guys need to
poop yourself before seeing this signed
by all the Beatles when Penn John Lennon
George Harrison Paul McCartney Ringo
Starr back in the day before sharpies
yes just put on at the Hollywood Bowl in
1965 when I graduated and Bob Eubanks
also is the one who put it on and he
signed that I got all the documentation
here the last Beatle albums sold for 290
thousand at auction and that's just
sitting there in your hand
yeah and amazing and something else
I feel like that needs to be hide like a
ball 99-cent album really I still like
it but when I see stuff like that you
know
that is crazy yeah this has got Rob
Lowe's got Ringo Starr see how many
people you guys recognize guys there's
on
and everything so it's really amazing
the Dickey Kim is daughter and doing the
son
Paul Stanley bass nice I love you guys
new before they're called The Beatles
they're called the silver beetles loser
membership card if they gave you when
you went into the Catalans Club
LD just had me sign this you guys
remember this pizza 40 more guitars it
just keeps growing man just tears oh I
get that Museum going I know
I know man it's kind of in here you need
a job yeah I feel like I'm gonna step on
like like Elvis Presley's guitar some
like that original Coke machine but the
1950s remember so cool this is where
this is when a hen they used to have the
bottle opener on it yeah okay this had
the shit in it the real stuff oh we're
gonna have that museum wait I had the
cocaine in it mom
that's all the bottles with the cocaine
well I'm a name that's whether it came
from yeah well I know the coca plant
yeah
do they list cocaine on there they
didn't know what it was probably they
just the newer kids were happy yeah Yeah
right
computer me computer yeah and I had
hooked into a 24 volt system so when I
could control all the LEDs on each panel
that little switches and real switches
her
so all those LEDs will light up with a
corresponds to the beer that's a vampire
bad
he looks lovely my dad didn't realize
that was him
and that's my mom on the right didn't
even know that was you this is when you
were cool at one point was cool at one
point there's your mother look at her
yeah hotsy-totsy deeper game kisses my
god I look from these pictures on yeah I
feel like I'm seeing a lot of uh after
the party similarities here right now
yeah a couple similarity couple
similarity that weird holding up your
own album
giant album pretty cool that was your
second one right yeah this is the one
from the movie now this he hasn't got
this when he had Oh hasn't gotten that
way yet what a Johnny's death were to
come out yeah so it's Johnny Depp's
potential earring pendant pendant and
take a good look at this guy's it might
be in the movie soon
what you got there dad oh just uh and
all this supposedly sign open oh just
that that's just random just sitting
around okay baby we'll get that for you
later they look like over here just like
this all the whole record store those
are all autographed over there always
opens wrong pretty amazing
like the Eagles look at Don Henley
Felder Glenn Frey LD literally just let
me hold this thing early if hoarders
came in here their jaw would be on the
ground right now but they would tell you
not to get rid of a thing or the Packers
yeah the figures the Pickers would love
you know well yours this my dad's old
tour book yeah okay
Dioner airy and there's ours times have
changed our sauce yeah
same information though uh got the same
smile he had a car shake Gregg Allman
band huh yeah chance tricky but do I
have to get business cards is that what
I got to do I think that business cards
got out business card so those of you
didn't listen to me I'm sure you pooped
your pants these hands touched a sign
Beatles album worth $300,000 and then
the Pirates of the Caribbean
a Caribbean Johnny Depp jewelry I can't
wait to see that in the movie that's
really awesome now yeah that's original
one son he used to
oh yeah we showed melissa messenger on
the last movie actually he did those as
well now to a 100 percent less cool
thing grocery shopping
I love grocery shopping but after what
we just went saw there's no way into me
cooler no I didn't buy the Beatles
albums I didn't buy it I couldn't afford
it
sorry oh I'm sorry
why don't you just give me all your
money then I'm sorry you don't have any
money cuz your dog
hello I'm dog I found this quote and I
think it really really pertains to my
life in just everyone's life and it's
such a beautiful quote and I wanted to
share I put on my Twitter but I just
want to share it with you guys now and
it's by a French guy so I'm not even to
try to say his name but the quote is the
only thing they'd like that it's
constant is change which is 100% true if
you really think about it the only thing
guaranteed a life is that something is
going to change in life my friends wall
de la Rosa falled called the reason why
I wanted to say that is because there
obviously is a lot of things changing in
life particularly in my life and in the
vlogs and I just felt like that was such
a good perfect quote to say because I
know like I said yesterday a lot of
people hate change or afraid of change
I for one was deathly afraid of change
and I still am because the unknown you
don't know what's going to happen but
you got accepted because everything that
I've gone through from this to to
anything from like stubbing my toe you
have to just work through it you know
what I mean because you can't let things
get you down life is life and sometimes
it's awesome but you know you don't know
what the awesome is until you have
something bad just one of those things I
wanted to say to you guys because I felt
like it was such a good hit me hit me
personally I felt like it might be
inspirational to you guys so kudos
Francois one thing that has not changed
is my love for tacos so today is going
to be taco day because I have one more
day and then I have to fly out for that
show do i what they say and on that note
I just wanted to say thank you guys for
watching today's video I'm going to go
to bed because I have to wake up early
in pack nose bit my finger up tomorrow
we fly out to back to Philadelphia I
think for a show and today was pretty
fun it was nice to hang out with my dad
and see all the rock and roll
memorabilia with him but I just want to
say thank you so much for watching
today's video if you guys are brand new
don't forget to click Subscribe and I
will see you guys tomorrow as always
