good morning probably don't like to hear
my voice cuz I don't like to hear my
voice
we're in Sarasota actually today we came
back to help out my cousin a little bit
today and hang out a little bit because
like I said the other day actually I
don't know did I say the Saturday she
moved into a new beautiful home and so
they're making all the changes and the
updates to it so we're going over there
to hang out a little bit and also help
out a little bit so I can't wait to
actually show you guys the view cuz I
didn't do that the other day but it's
unbelievably beautiful
I feel like overwhelmed already today
first off I got a mail this out to the
Gloria she's actually in Miami so I was
waiting a little bit until things got a
little bit less chaotic down there I
kept getting notification that mail was
all goofy so I gotta say that today then
I gotta go take some photos for my
passport then I got a mail my passport
and then I have to go find a money order
or cashier's check mail that out or
overnight that I should say and somehow
get back for Rica's vet appointment you
know those days where it just feels like
there's not enough time in the day
that's what it kind of felt like today
and then I was having to deal with
something on YouTube okay so yesterday's
video you don't want a almost call 911
which actually happened in the video or
my phone was grabbing the grocery almost
called it with the SOS feature
I just noticed yesterday are today right
well now yesterday for you guys watching
this yeah I don't know YouTube triggered
it and said it was not suitable because
I guess they had 911 so I had to deal
with that this morning so funny what
YouTube is kind of put in place with all
these little weird things but you know
what I get it some things that shouldn't
be on the internet but I just thought
that one was kind of funny since it
actually did happen and nothing nothing
that happened it was just goofy that my
my watch it's goofy that my watch can do
that and I'm just so happy my phone
wasn't near my watch or it wasn't it was
dead so it couldn't actually call so
that could have been really awkward
really bad okay
and don't use dancers bathroom it
weren't to the life we're at Lexi's new
house and it's right on the Manatee
River it's so beautiful and it's this
very old home I guess it's like a
historic landmark in Florida so it's
very beautiful this is actually just
their back porch I'm so excited for them
because they've been looking for this
dream home for so long and they finally
found it they have the manatee river
behind them and then they have a really
beautiful lake in the front and they're
actually in a gated in community but you
would never think it because they have
this beautiful long driveway that you
come down and it makes it just so safe
feeling like she's there I know that
they feel so safe but it's also so
unique so it's so amazing and I'm not
even gonna lie to you I cannot wait to
have so many holidays here you're just
talking about Thanksgiving and we're
gonna actually do it here and it's gonna
be really cool and they have like six
acres of land it's just so beautiful
look how cool got my passport photo you
guys ready to see it this is not too bad
it's not as bad as all the ones that I
don't know if you guys remember those
ones that we did and uh I guess the
visas when we went to Brazil and
everything remember how we were trying
to do what the whole band was trying to
do the ugliest stupidest photos and see
if we can still get in the country here
I think I have some photos I'm going to
show you there's one and then there's
the other one the other one the first
one definitely I think one what do you
guys think yep apparently still got in
the country every time don't know how
but it was funny I didn't want to mess
with the United States want to feel like
they were going out for stricter now we
got to get cash cash money actually as
is going right to the government
make sure I even got the right amount
yep $170 to go to the government worth
it though that way you can go see you
guys actually I haven't told you where I
can't tell you yeah you got a I got a
dangle the carrot not actually
technically actually gives videos out
now I'm allowed to tell you but I'm so
little weight it's because I'm cruel
like that you guys ready to eat three
strong women with a very big catch I
feel like it's not like gonna get up on
all fours and just a little bit better
right now got the painting sent out got
a passport taken care of I went and got
Ali some coffee because that's such a
good husband
now I got to go home we have another
phone call and then I got to get to the
vet I have 30 minutes for this I think
I'm gonna do is a little stressed out
man this heat doing this like this you
know the thing is I thought I was
procrastinating but the thing is
everything just happened on this day so
it was nothing really do about it
things happen I know I go to the vet
alright so you're in charge
hold on four you're in charge
what we did she said it's it's crap okay
you call me all right be good go to vet
no Thomas Capel John mcComish shirt
so in the comments what do you think she
weighs now what do you think when I go
she's gonna be more than a condom
what is she 1.4 ounces no 1.2 it was 16
yes 2 to 16 ounces I'll say 1.3 no she
couldn't walk wait
he said 1.2 16 ounces month like - right
so it should be 1 plate there you know
1.4 okay 1.4 so I think she's gonna be
least she's probably he looks longer to
her belly she got a Buddha belly now I'm
praying that she has no more of those
parasites and mites I was like the dogs
go back or something oh when they go
over the other room I feel like they're
gonna steal yeah exactly you see yes
what we were just saying literally just
said that see ya every time they see
Rica they're like oh we're just gonna
keep her no no no we've put a lot of
energy in this kid
she goes figure she was birthmarks on
her ears so it's official she's one
pound houses was I think so yeah you're
getting there be in there Big Buddha
belly and everything say hi to the
intern world's so funny she's really
used to this thing I think it's the
fuzzy thing he is a dog so is their
first time having a treat we come here
we go oops right past her she's doing
good if you have no poop in you
yeah no poop so we don't know she still
hasn't I love that they say fecal I'm
like the I mean little kitty cat turds
the heck is this thing I almost put my
hand right on it I'm gonna let you do
your thing he's got such a face of
disgust right now
which one to me okay so science so we
just found out oh that air vent was
telling us about that whole like you
know grain-free
was a green free by-product fee all
those things were actually it's kind of
like it's just a bunch of marketing game
not to say there aren't bad food for
dogs but we're learning stuff right now
oh my god this is a squeak please say it
doesn't squeak damn it
ours is better by the way if you guys
didn't know we have our own dog toys and
it actually said you're gonna hit me it
actually is a piece of Wi-Fi a broken
camera I'll put a link down in the
description if you guys want actually it
works for kids too
they're actually kids like baby toys too
because there's nothing I'm talking I'm
trying to tell we have dog toys though
we made perfect Christmas gift
I think that Bruce's internet you see
what's going on right now a peacock I
think we had that for Marley a couple
years ago I mean it was a Zoey's a
peacock no I need you to hold her please
no she's she's like ah this is like this
is so good they grow up so fast guys she
she got a taste for it up event now she
likes she's she's craving it
I forgot Marley loves cat food and cat
poop geophone do you wanna come out no
I'm staying here tonight you're not
gonna be inside the ball you dummy
Nancy's drinking water for the first
time she's turning into a cat Rica's
actually in your water bowl so what a
treat
I'll give you a treat even a really good
girl
do you like eating kitty cats cuz this
one's gonna come at back you know she's
attacking me a little jerk
oh she's what
so you're so good so patient how's it
look it's kind of cool that we have to
turn the lights off more I think it's
kind of cool where you gonna put it
my name is go that far I guess it's kind
of cool
I don't know Internet you decide you
like it throughout the whole trees or
just the front of the house they just
seem like we're underwater oh you have
different colors I can't decide what do
you guys think you're better at making
decisions than Ali and I are all right
we gotta go for a run are you feeling we
just did another three miles actually a
little bit longer because we walked the
dogs on top of it I feel like any time
we do that and we'll just do that I feel
like any time we like do running or
walking for 30 miles we get pizza
that could be motivation and just you
want pizza do you really want me to
anyway
high five guys on the count of three
we're gonna high-five screams don't
break them but one two three high five
put her in the oven she won't stop
barking oh I almost ended today's video
without telling you guys the whole thing
I dialed the carrot the entire time okay
so here is the reason why I need the
passport and everyone needed a passport
here is the special amazing news this
coming at the beginning of the year we
the Kings will be playing in New Zealand
again and Australia I'm gonna tell you
the dates
January 31st is king's arms Oakland
which is New Zealand February 1st is
Brisbane then February 2nd is Metro
Theatre and Sydney and then February 8th
we're in the Rosemont and Perth so that
is the special news and I just want to
let you guys know an ally conveniently
starts doing that when I'm trying to
talk to your class so obnoxious well
yeah we are going to be coming to New
Zealand and oh my god I'm gonna I'm
gonna punch you in a second so we are
going to be coming to New Zealand and
Australia at the beginning of this
coming year so get ready guys that was
the special news and I am so so excited
sending me crazy
alright no but seriously that that was a
great that that was honestly the great
news I wanted to tell you guys mother oh
boy honestly that's the special news and
I can't wait the van can't wait to see
you yeah guys that's it ok I'm gonna go
put my wife right in the chin right now
so anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video don't forget subscribe and
have a great great night see you
tomorrow and we'll see you in Australia
and New Zealand and there might be
another one but we're not confirmed yet
so just oh actually there is a couple
more though haven't confirmed it and I
promise I'll let you know I will promise
I will let you know it's actually pretty
Oh
no great things break stuff limp Biskit
said it best
hi see you guys bye
