what okay good morning guys
you'll be a bit yeah Jeff Goldblum Jeff
Goldblum Jeff Goldblum so this morning I
woke up I slept relatively well had a
lot of crazy freaky dreams the medicine
just gave me a bunch of weird dreams so
but here's one thing I read I was kind
of worried but I read it was a side
effect of this cough medicine is that it
makes you kind of like sweat in your
sleep so I woke up this morning and I
was like did I pee my chest it's very
weird very weird feeling my whole chest
was all wet I think it was because of
the freaky dreams oh and completely
off-topic how do you guys like my
ketchup and mustard outfit yes there was
mr. mustard now mr. hamburger to green
lettuce see the MA I'm a hamburger now
anyway I have a show to leave on Friday
play show like a college show on
Saturday so what I'm going to try to do
is this whole week the rest of this week
first I gotta get haircut maybe tomorrow
I didn't realize how crazy my hair was
until I woke up this morning but just a
lot of resting a lot of sleeping a lot
of just laying around but just trying to
catch up my mind emotionally and
physically I don't know if I can catch
up my mind physically but at least is
physically and emotionally just catch up
my body with everything that's happening
I feel like I owe it to myself to just
kind of lay low and just calm down for a
little bit like I said the other day
obviously it's gonna be a huge
transition and it's going to take some
time and I want to say thank you to
everyone who's patient enough to accept
the change and accept the transition
it's totally going to be an adjustment
I'm not gonna lie and for myself and for
you guys watching but my life is
changing so
the things I do will be changing and I
know fear I know change is a huge fear
for a lot of people even myself so I
just want to say thank you for sticking
with me on this because I know scary
change can be but the good news is you
guys are resilient and I definitely like
to think of myself as a resilient
positive person and we will get through
this together
and we will continue chugging along like
a train connect chugging chugging like a
train but I'm gonna go lay down they
also on the positives out what I blow my
nose it's no longer this like freakin
like viciously vile like yellow it's
like actually clear now and you see that
as Marley
she stole it I don't know where she
found it but she's are destroying it
it's her way to get back at school
friend what you'll probably usual
freaking destroy this thing even more
and then she'll take it outside and
accidentally leave it outside so that
was girlfriend seize it and become more
and more afraid of Marley
that's her plan she's she's freaking
maniacal do I look at the light or do I
look here sir
used to looking wherever the light is I
feel a lot better hopefully good news I
will be able to fly the show that's my
phone going off because apparently
somebody hacked my my Tumblr account so
I had to fix that if you guys saw that
that was not me by the way um this is a
little tidbit for you guys change your
passwords just because this just
happened just change your passwords now
and make sure they're all different if
you have access to 2-step security like
Gmail and I think Twitter has to stepped
on security do it make the password so
long you have to write it down and put
it somewhere in your house I've been
doing this a while just trust me I'm
still drowsy that medicines totally
screwed on me I had so many weird dreams
I was a space pilot going through space
fighting aliens one of those wake-ups
where you're just like looking around
like this you don't know what's going on
thought of stone space I just posted
this amazing photo I'm a friend and I
just watching the favorites go freakin
crazy this is insane
I've never seen anything go like this
sometimes we fall oh but we never were
never alone
and soon enough we'll get up again those
are the guys this is the CTFxC it'll
always be the CT I see this is beautiful
this was done by my awesome friend
Deanna from the Philippines she's one I
did all those awesome little memes of
Danny and I oh there goes a monster God
you look scary right now what do you
want I'm not waking up I feel bad I feel
sick
doctor said I have to rest yeah you itch
that face so you want to complain that's
fine yeah four feet walk out the door
it's open
don't scowl at me see I will fuck you up
you see these legs
you're like Jackie Chan I'm still
sleeping I don't care if the videos
about me sleeping I'm sleepy I'm sick
look at me
Marley look at me no the internet
understands they know I'm sick well you
take the camera I was right you don't
thumbs haven't done this in a while or
figures out come on think I haven't done
this in a while how do I do this how do
I do this
yeah didn't in the street oh she's into
the street so I just got my mom dropped
me off at the gadget store
that's where it's whereas the rive need
a cable actually actually I should
project into cameras I dropped this one
so many times what is different about
you sir you look exactly the same but
you tossed incredible downward so I got
this nifty little cable because another
one died so can charge my mo fee as well
as do lightning and I was walking out I
just met a really nice CTFxC er his name
was Robert just want to say thank you
Robert for being such a nice dude and an
awesome CTF X here get out of the car
ma'am get out the car don't see what I
got girls what see what I got you're
that excited not that cool it's a cable
see I can charge my mo fee with a micro
USB and then I can also charge you with
a lightning cable science it's fuckin
science my science oh I got a science
what does it take you guys won oh you
have no water okay well thank you for
letting me know
good god so you want to take a seat go
straight that whole bowl so go get it
stuff up hold on gotta get another round
today has been a little bit better day
obviously it still kind of sucks you
know it's just like a little by little
day by day its own lips look you got a
whole bottle bowl of water yeah no I
just wanted to say thank you guys
there's been a lot more support pouring
in and um it's just crazy how loving and
supportive you guys are how this process
is I was in group we both were
incredibly scared to say this to you
guys because this is something that we
very you guys we value that you guys
your thoughts and your opinions a
tremendous amount and on a side note yes
no need to drink that whole bowl of
water
lock it out show my dad some Skrillex
yeah right
like it there we go
loves it
his Jill she's Smith sorry sorry sorry
so my dad was just telling me a story
back in the day when he was with Gregg
Allman and how they destroyed a hotel
she want to tell him no quick story
really fast is this too hard to tell
really the bottom line is they partied
way more than the way the Kings I gotta
prove us under the proof on I get home
um yeah it was telling me the story his
band parted way hard at the way the
kinks when you guys think we go crazy no
way I just get my parents their little
gold record and he was like doesn't play
and I was like I think so let's see what
we the King sounds like on vinyl since
ancient how does this contraption work
where's the touch one of these and where
is the auto voice command yeah do this
we need this always the phone for that
over there ah dog ears
dog drew bar you ready to listen to it
think I'm ready I just need my Merlot
all right feel this baby sounds like
that geezer is it supposed to play songs
oh yeah this is possibly music what's
going on here how do you go over these
are powered speakers all right no mom
he's gotta find Bali along I'm running
here how many how many Shh I hear
something I hear nothing hear nothing
is it literally playing off this out of
here
mystery well looks like we failed so
that just means when you guys get yours
let us know if it plays boosters have to
put like tape a penny and stuff on them
also amplify it well no well no when
your records got so bad when your all
stones yeah that would your white they
had no and it is scratch it so every
time the record plays it goes and gets
stuck so you put a penny on there so you
could little through it so be like their
first anti-skid thing yeah the power
wasn't plugged in duty that popping
noise is so cool kill so cold
as awesome
new bands counter ever final over right
now I know it sounds different Lee
sounds so cool tonight was the night I
was just trying to figure out if I would
feel good by tonight if I would be able
to go play the show the good news is so
far I feel great
so I think I'm gonna play the show this
weekend but for now I'm gonna watch a
nice cheesy Jason Statham movie and then
go back to bed early more rest better
because I have two more days I might as
well just keep resting so I will see you
guys tomorrow always I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video and thank you
again for the next couple days letting
you have this little downtime really
truly and appreciate it means a lot to
me guys so I'll see you guys tomorrow as
always don't forget to subscribe to guys
are brand new and have a great night
