goodbye already guys so it's like 7:00
in the morning right now I've literally
not been able to sleep the entire night
oh good morning I just got the phone my
dad um we're gonna go get basically I
believe a shot in the bucket sorry
it makes me laugh I laugh I call but I
get a shot in the butt so hopefully it's
like it's like antibiotics and I could
hopefully get better quicker because
this is cough I can literally fit in
tight a nice coughing coughing coughing
it's not like a long cough - it's like
one of those ones words wait literally
it's right there think I could just rip
right there that section out I'd be
totally fine I know I look freaking I
just look for the mirror I look amazing
right now Don one maze
oh yeah you want my snap crackle pop
give a little bit of pickle box you see
make anything crunch all right now tied
up now this is your friend right there's
my old friend
sefa he was my dad's old friend he was a
friend I hated these things like these
are the dumbest things it's like let's
take it a popsicle and just stick it
down somebody's throat without the
actual treat of a popsicle it's like the
worst thing you do to a kid ah Danny
told her when he fell on my leg good huh
yeah so apparently what it is is I got
bronchitis awesome got a shot in the
butt got some medicine and now I just
have to go home and sleep it off and
apparently what he could do get guess he
could last like six weeks
hey just another thing you know dad on
my plate
why not I mean what's that saying oh
that sounds
I literally have not slept all last
night so everything is this up delirious
right now but what was it talking about
the saying what's that saying what
doesn't kill you makes you stronger
that's the saying right dad what doesn't
kill you makes you stronger
yeah that's a saying
yes bed is rickety awesome Internet you
want to play a fun game spell the word
bronchitis can you spell it
now pron
Titus Martinez on Titus try spelling it
guys love googling it just sounded out
see if you guys can figure it out
it's the weirdest frickin word I just
looked it up I had to google it myself
she gets doing barely a little torn with
these help ease cuz it was salty you
what just to eat it because of a salted
he's the playdough chew it
I didn't why today when I was a kid
because I love salt the new parents let
me just get you a salt lick like a horse
I could of it yeah I'm never gonna have
that everything's got beans I can't give
them to the dogs and need to update my
old man pillbox repeat the size you need
oh I have one of these one raised yeah
this one's cooler
it's a stackable one I need to find
those little weed baggies you know like
little bags people sell weed him so I
can put in my pocket so I can carry
those no because everybody Jewelry bag
that's for their deadly bags at all not
weed bags like I want some free water
but is it really worth it yeah there was
a rising Parks and Recreation will do
like I would give you guys 10 bucks if
you did that actually don't do that
alright so which one of you guys oh by
the way you want to know what happened
right here guys I went to give Zoe Marly
their water and I was holding the water
and then all of a sudden I was like I
gotta sneeze this it'll be bad I sneeze
water went everywhere so which one of
you guys gave me bronchitis was it you
look at me
was it you that's why you wasn't it holy
crap this is hydrocodone cough syrup
this could not be the girl well ah cough
syrup Oh nappy nappy nappy time oh I've
been discovering the older I get the
more naps seem awesome they used to hate
naps so much now I'm just like yeah
mother nap I think the medicine is
getting to my head a little bit making
me a little loopy
I was just gonna say so the coughing is
kind of stopped so I was able to get
maybe an hour's hours of sleep I was
able to get an hour worth of sleep and
then I keep fighting it because Marley's
over in that stupid chair moving moving
around making all the noise I want to
show them how noisy this chair is when
you move see I'm glad you're getting
some sleep she freaked out because it
was thundering Pinoy didn't fit on the
internet please it's okay
Thunder buddy you're my Thunder buddy
sorry guys I'm gonna try and get a
little bit more sleep because I don't
want to get this bronchitis to turn into
pneumonia Pineau panel mania because I
was told that this bronchitis which
ain't nobody got time for that could
turn into pneumonia
Pannonia those soldiers just kind of
rest so that's what I'm gonna do right
now and I know you guys are cool with
that right guys you're cool so I feel a
little bit better okay anyway so I woke
up and apparently the I guess the power
went out because the stupid thing is
flashing everything flashing right now I
don't think that's the time right now
least I hope the Sun so I just got a
bunch of text message from Dan Ian
Hunter they're dragging me out to go
I'll sit right there the dragging me I
have to kick my ass in bowling oh so
they think they kick my ass in bowling
you can't go bowling
you know thumbs so the gang took me out
to go bowling because I've been pretty
much in bed all day I gotta get the
balls but ball to usually get oh I got a
14 that 14 pound balls they're like
extra-large fingers
get more germs in there like I want to
spit in before you put your finger it
recently made to come out because they
were hoping that I'd feel better so
that's what I'm doing right now
basically I guess man
bronchitis killing me right now all
right here we go got my 9 pound ball see
if I can do this
there we go
yeah I know I know do this
all right I'll take it two more
I do want to get pissed off dang hot
potato hot potato hot potato
what's your building yeah you got the
crabs are dating hey hey come on I
didn't know wait so I won the last round
but now I can't see with all this
stuff so I'm going to definitely lose
I'm super losing right now that's
actually my ball right over there I
screwed up wait no no that's others ball
that's my ball alright so I'm back home
and first thing I'm doing is getting my
scissor tile roof course jump just call
me Little John yeah so I'm pretty sure
you guys saw the video that I posted
yesterday about what's going on Valley
and I there was a couple things that
concerned me about what was happening
first off I just want to let you guys
know that Ally and I still care for each
other and the first one I want to say is
the stupid rumors Ally of course did
that cheat on me and the rumors is doing
saying those things are just hurtful to
me and to her and I hope you guys
understand that's childish and the
second thing is I don't want anyone
talking trash about Ally and I
appreciate if no one talked trash about
myself it's obviously a very sensitive
time right now and for the most part I
appreciate all the love and support that
you guys have been giving both ally and
myself and I hope you guys continue
doing that because bottom lines we just
want to make you guys happy truthfully
you guys you guys mean a lot to both
myself and to Ally
and I just wanted to make sure you guys
knew that and that you guys were
treating everything everybody involved
with respect that I know you guys are
obviously this is definitely a long road
along
emotional Road and for both Ali and
myself and our families and we truly
appreciate all the support you guys have
been giving us and continue giving us so
I'm going to hopefully have this cough
medicine get kicked in and then I'm
going to pass out but I will see you
guys tomorrow as always have a great
night
don't forget to subscribe to guys are
brand new and I'll see you guys tomorrow
as always I guess toodles
well that was almost on that
you
