hey guys so we kind of need to have a
little conversation and I don't really
know how to do this or say this because
I've literally I tried six times I've
deleted the videos six different times
my sixth attempt so I figured this time
I was just gonna be completely
straightforward and honest with you guys
and then that way we're all on the same
page and everything so basically what's
going on is that over the past couple
months actually a few months Ali and I
have just not been getting along we just
haven't been happy been arguing a lot
more than necessary
arguing actually that's a making sense
necessary arguing should never be
necessary up we haven't been arguing a
lot more than normal and it's just been
getting worse and worse and we've just
been becoming more and more unhappy and
stressed out by both of us so we both
decided that it was unfair for both of
us to keep moving this direction if
we're both unhappy and stressed so we
decided that we will be separating and
so I mean I mean that's I mean that's it
I mean that's that's that's the what's
going on and I just wanted to say a
little bit on top of that what that
means Ali and I are so going to try to
remain friends as possible as close as
possible um and all you know I love her
family to death and I hope to be close
with their family still and um sorry
guys I really honestly don't know how to
say any of this stuff
um as much as
a shock for you guys I just wanted to
say that first of all if anyone feels
upset
I truly am sorry that you guys are upset
we are upset as well and people who may
have looked up to us as a role model I
hope we did not disappoint anyone
because I hope the last four or five
years of online videos have shown that
you know that's still a positive thing
even though something negative may have
be happening right now or upsetting may
be happening right now I hope that
there's still enough of a past to where
everyone could look back and even
ourselves can look back and no one
understand that it wasn't for a waste it
wasn't a waste it was for good and I
hope that's not disappointing for you or
anybody else and I hope that that
doesn't really deter anybody's image of
marriage or love or anything like that
that's one thing that's really I'm
really concerned about and I really
wanted to make sure you guys were on the
same page as me when it came down to
that so I just wanted to kind of let you
guys know this oh no I mean I really
honestly don't know how else to say it
but um this is what I'm going to keep
doing the videos because this is the
CTFxC Charles Trippy friend core and it
always will be the CTFxC I will always
be there for you guys just like you have
always been there for me through the ups
and downs um I hope you guys will be
there for my ups and downs and sorry I
just blanking guys so much more in my
mind right now I just don't know how to
clearly express it obviously I never
dealt with something like this or had to
explain that to anybody other than
myself so it's just I'm so kind of I'm
literally venting myself right now for
the first or sixth time
and I just want to say I love you guys
so so much and I hope you guys
understand and could be happy for us
that we could still find a way to be
happy Ali will still be doing her stuff
on her channels and stuff like that and
I will obviously still be doing things
here and we're going to like I said
remain friends and hopefully I remain
really close with her family because I
love love we're all to get all the debt
Elva Tech love him to death
sorry my brain doesn't work anyway so I
don't want to talk too long I just
wanted to let you guys know what was
going on because I felt you know like I
needed to tell you guys before I didn't
wanna I don't want to hide anymore from
you guys basically and I feel like these
videos I mean I showed you guys
everything else in my life and I've been
honest with you guys what everything
else in my life and I feel bad when I
wasn't being honest about this and it
wasn't that I wasn't being honest as
much as it was I was hoping that things
could be fixed
that makes me sense um
and it's like one of those things a lot
of people always ask me on Twitter and
stuff like that in person like how come
on how do you deal with such unfortunate
crappy things that happen in your life
and the only thing that I ever respond
back with is I'm living life you know
what I mean like it's just one of those
things where it's like you can't enjoy
the positives and the beauty of life
without dealing with the cities or the
negatives of life but that makes any
sense
and I I just want to say I hope you guys
understand I hope you guys will stick
around still this is just going to be a
new chapter in my life and I hope you
guys will stick around for it because I
have no idea what's going to happen um
it's it's it's very very scary it's very
nerve-racking and I just wanted to say
what was going on with the up what what
what to say what was going on sorry no
comment
and I just wanted to say I hope you guys
understand as much as you can and I'm so
sorry for those who can't seem to
understand and for those people just
don't understand I apologize and
hopefully one day you will understand
and I will be here waiting for you guys
if you if you can simply understand
right now and I hope you guys are
willing to stick with me on this next
journey of life and that's pretty much
it so I will see you guys tomorrow as
always I just wanted to say thank you
guys so much for the love and yeah yeah
I don't know try to think of what else I
needed to say maybe I'll delete this one
and I'll go hunt its seventh round but
ya know I just want to say thank you
guys and this is this is incredibly
crappy I'm not I'm not gonna sugarcoat
anything this is this is shitty nobody
ever wants to go into a marriage with
this being the outcome but sometimes the
shitty things of life you know you never
you're never handed a perfect deck of
cards is that right that's all right I
thought that's not right that's not a
thing is it you never handed up all aces
round of cars well I guess that the off
excuse me the Czar's me trying to think
of some positive this is this like my
coping mechanism I should say um anyway
what I was trying to say is that life is
not always perfect obviously you know
with things that I'm going through right
now life is not always perfect and it's
that's life you know what I mean
and I just want to say thank you guys so
much for the love and the support and
the continued love and support and I
hope you guys understand and will always
understand and I just want you guys to
know that we both love you very very
much
Oh kind of like parents right now trying
to explain what's going on but in a way
it kind of is because I met a lot of you
guys and I've talked with a lot of you
guys personally and that's why I feel
really upset and sad I feel like I'm
rambling a little bit right now
saying the same things like talking in
circles so um I just wanted to say um
like like I said Ally will still be
doing her things and I will be
continuing doing mine and life will have
to move on and and that's that's pretty
much it life will have to move on and
it's just it's scary as but it's
next chapter in life um like I said you
can't have your ups without your downs
and I feel like you know with every down
thing something awesome will always
happen with every closed window somebody
opens four other windows right is that
that's the same right and I'm gonna stop
talking talking now I love you guys so
so much and I will see you guys tomorrow
ways have a great night bye guys
