so here's one dog yep italic hi good
afternoon guys the reason why I say a
snooze because I woke up early this
morning thinking I was like at a venue
walked outside realized I wasn't fell
asleep here on the couch with Zoey and
Marley was there being mad who KMFM
anymore anyway my doctor prescribed a
z-pack from a bee so I can feel
completely better so I've been just
trying to rest and just sleep it
completely off and the couch sometimes
is the most comfortable lazy day
hopefully I think well-deserved lazy day
we cool guys be cool he's a new boo
you already go back to bed please go
back to bed
you know how to pose for food all your
dude
Marley think I like some pancakes please
Oh what is this
Chico airplane alright though your turn
Chico don't be jealous
oh alright alright guys oh yeah yeah
airplane mode on the airplane mode
cheeky one do it again see if I catch it
for you Oh still learning how to catch
one - what okay
oh wait - do I know looks like a Snoopy
from the ha so get this thing off my
head
oh ok well that's new Kia oh you be a me
the better
oh you ble she can fail so we're gonna
surprise my dad at the he's doing a
festival right now
so we gonna surprise my dad I haven't
seen him actually I've got to give you
guys two gold vinyls so my sister's
refusing to let this go and she wants to
play the song cuz she thinks I'm going
to know it I even posted so he could
listen to it not going oh darn broken
its broken they aren't they are do I
have a cricket head you're looking
sideways they're not crooked yeah they
are this one's so much lower cuz you
just pushed it down it's not no you're
lying
your face is crooked we put it to where
you think they're not crooked holy
now they're crooked really yeah your
face is this crooked shut up you're
amazing I get burped it's red day see
the transformer mom the GoBot a GoBot is
like a knockoff transformer I'm
surprised you do that everyone kill my
mom transfer know where I go bot is I
didn't even know just make that out oh
my mom's a good bullshitter yeah I knew
that was this family means I'm vana
anyone want some cheesy sign fake
currency that's what you see you steal
that he gave it to me that's like 30
that's a 30 bucks
you're the queen I'm the king well
that's weird
never mind scratch that
although Melissa was the queen of the
Soto that is technicality and I'ma be
the king so that's a technicality as
well that doesn't sounds weird how you
asked me if I want to go down those
things you can crazy of course I do
what's that one of their answers is
other than yes I know I had that problem
all the time
which one do I want to go on I want to
go on all of them I totally got that Jew
little jig it is good
also refused to do about making a do it
anyway we always like that
I got
to ever grow up
it's like you're doing magic trick Hey
people didn't know they're doing
thank you
Bing perfect
several public
I was just munching on the shrimp yeah
fun today ah yeah you're 10 in the other
chain look at this much in my uh my face
to his face
this is ridiculous lazy people don't you
brush your credit card oh we're going to
show you what he's trying to show you I
will show you without showing the credit
card number
you guys wanna buy it you guys want to
buy stuff with my dad's credit card hold
on hey Dad looks like Mario your mother
is telling you look here down
she's talking about my tattoos
everything move your ass all day so can
I get more tattoos
no I was just telling her I have to make
sure I'm better so when I get my full
sleeve is it time to tell I'm getting to
sleep oh no no have you at my left and
then what was this one and the other one
you got lucky and you get your ears
pierced
oh my god come on
get my right up my right sleeve that I'm
get my left sleeve I'm gonna get one
wait am i right no no silhouette let's
go say mom can say mom if you have a mom
thing but let's see
uh-oh here comes the beach he's like
wait is another dog getting attention
that's not cool
Oh stretching get Miley kiss nope do you
know what time it is it's bad time
bitches it's bad time but Jeff come on
girl there's like oh no I hate this time
bath time transition go go go go I'll
think you think he's ever been swimming
in his entire life it's an old lady it's
like a toddler play with an 80 year old
man down the both white oh there it is
yeah great button jig over here ma'am
have you waited 15 minutes before you
swimming up for eating you guys remember
that one point where we thought Zoe was
huge
now watch this okay ready who's this
monster next door so just welcome inside
come inside please
it feels like I haven't been grocery
shopping like a freaking year so I'm
gonna get a bunch of fruit some juices
and get back my smoothie smoothie diet
hell are these things
this is a giant onion thing looks like a
giant one of these learning something
every day here we go
kind of eating healthy okay I can't
really do this one-handed aah
I'll manly look at those muscles only
men the manly men can do shopping carts
with one hand
you were so white dude got your ear they
don't know no what about this thing I
saw you do this last time do you find
out what that is yet no I'm so looking
so I'm letting this stupid z-pak kick in
a little bit more it still still hasn't
gotten completely I still got the COFF I
got the cough someone watch a really bad
sci-fi movie
you guys are scoot over please all right
yes the screw over come on we're gonna
have to skip over we got a share yeah
it's so tidy ready to watch bad sci-fi
who in the internet doesn't like bad
sci-fi movies if you don't you're just
not human all right you're gonna over
there anyways there's a very good chance
that I might actually pass the F out I
just want to say good night guys hope
you guys enjoyed today's video and don't
forget to subscribe to guys are brand
new and I'll see you guys tomorrow as
always doodles
me missing a taxi
with me
who else with me
again
