good morning guys so I've lost my camera
in the midst of everything and now we
were leaving and I'm like last one
because I was looking for it hello
fellas sorry I lost my camera and I was
looking for it so I'm using this now
watch I got my socks badass I don't good
morning hi Bobo what you doing oh good
morning good morning to you and good
morning to you come over here bother
your sissy be cuter hey and there it is
this is watch this I like camera there
it is
everyone say thank you to me welcome
ma'am do you do you see the door open
over there go go around Zoey go around
um she's special Miley's like what's
happening I feel like I'm missing
something Zoey go inside come here come
here Zoey oh there's a door and now we
are back in the airport this time we're
going home whoo I find as you can tell I
feel much much better we've got to sleep
into like 11 or 12 p.m. it's never too
early to hit up the airport Bart as you
can see I'm currently chugging orange
juice
mutters chugging iced teas orange juice
it's also an iced tea yeah lovely I
Steve everyone's drinking iced tea or
juice yes I see in the north very nice
anyway so I killing some time right now
I don't know where nerve rod okay are
they lining up they're wrong can I got
upgraded the first class
so we're rocking it out can drink a free
oj just chillin all Oh J every day and
look at my facts see the funny
years in here's a little here is a
little bit of a timid secret of flying
if you pull your back you see back just
a tiny bit
when you first sit down it never goes
give the whole road to do it a little
bit you guys will see back the whole
time during takeoff and landing they've
never known
a little secret fly goodbye Philly will
literally see you next week
we come back here the 12
well yesterday I went to get IVA
and I got this gigantic egg thing I
don't even remember what's in it but it
looks awesome and I'm really excited
Easter might be my favorite holiday does
I get all kinds of chocolate oh yeah
Thanksgiving yeah
really anything related to food I'll
take it
looking through some pet products
because we're trying to get some enzyme
spray for the dog and I wanted to look
and see if I could get him a shampoo
that was sort of deodorizing because
he's a little smelly have a whole line
of dog products like ax for dogs like
it's for male dogs it's called stud they
have a cologne called get lucky this is
ridiculous it smells like Axe for for
canines I'm getting Chico his official
time it means we have to keep him
these ways to keep them yes
this is like the modern-day version of
those old machines we used to put the
penny and then you would hand crank it
and it would press the penny and put
like a Disney character on it or
something you remember those that's for
old people this is new technology that's
what I grew up with - let's check they
don't even have pennies when you were
born look at us all first-class dainty
with our little straws there Drock and I
know how to rock
our choice
or vodka
Shamshad kid juice
that was good I'm drinking
her rocket I both don't drink out loud
because it's gross
it's funny like when you get older and
you don't want to drink anymore because
like the next morning is never worth it
but then the next morning is never worth
important but fun
I haven't been drinking for about what
is about here to have no I literally
have done this all I do is have club
soda or juice I've literally not missed
taking out
welcome to Atlanta where your gate is
always occupied and you must wait there
ready to smash everything when we first
pull up when the plane watch in your
click the click ring
go anywhere click-click click-click
everyone standing up where they gonna go
nowhere
so we will see these guys in a week
Hondo and I are going home which way are
we going so we don't do the awkward walk
so you going this way all right see you
guys so we've had a delay for about 45
minutes in literally 15 minutes we would
be landing traditionally traditionally
original schedule because I guess the
brakes are working so that's kind of a
commercial thing to have because we can
land but we're not gonna force me keep
rolling
I think they stopped doing the policy
where like when you're on the ground
can give you out
I don't look you guys remember that one
time where everyone emigrated first
class the whole bandung crew and
everyone was just hammered if we had the
same situation and the Yoshi news
drooling drool all over yourself I
spilled all over that one random guy
always little orbs up actually don't
remember what blog it is yet remember
our blog that is without the audience
little segments
I just realized Kaitlyn just text us and
said I think he brings our kind of goof
up for now cuz I how we're going Lana
right now this one is probably a 20 to
30 so probably Oh Mrs Payne will be all
wrapped up and ready to go within the
next normal 10 to 30 minutes there's the
best thing you could do watch the old
blogs to catch up with everybody so we
got the okay two hours later and I
didn't smash it against thinking about
it like I guess you people shouldn't
complain that people want to delay a
flight due to safety because I mean
you're in the air you know I mean let
them fit to make sure everything's okay
it's so funny like people complain I
just found myself complaining about it
but like I mean look at this we are
literally flying I want 100% security
and safety when I'm in the air this high
Hey
home sweet home what's that buddy got to
do the little traditional thing okay
give him the knuckles this bumps um so
it was funny uh I was trying to send
hundred rink but they wouldn't let me
send him a drink
cuz I was talking about talking to him
bellboy at that time we all don't have
my thing through a the 31st December 2
2015 Somme yeah that's right but you
remember the one time we all got drunk
in first class yeah it would delay like
that it's making a joke on the plane to
the people I was sitting around these
are like all first ice taking railroads
like it's probably got to walk cm every
to feed people at all ten kids like rest
park officials name is Ted kid hello hey
don't hit a person look what else you
brought me I can't put my seat belt on
hold on
why am I having a hard time here I'm in
charge you can do this hell yeah
cinnamon roll let the beasts free Oh
three of them I thought you were gonna
be in a cage hi guys okay
Chico no jumping sorry don't listen to
Marley good boy buddy it's an apple no
nobody likes apples Molly I'll eat it of
course Marley eighty I was wondering how
long it was gonna move you on the head
okay pooped tell me you just saw how
keep it far
in mark Zoe goes and steals event smiley
can you please leave him alone look as
though it is slowly
well okay by slowly play downstairs this
is my phone now alright guys so it's
time to go to bed but before we go to
bed I just want to let you guys know
Ali's finally done her Japan haul video
so it's it's on the screen somewhere
Telma click it click it click it chica
anyway so click here on there and I'll
take you to youtube.com slash Ally oh
what'd you just do
gah idiot no oh man I just took like
ones like a Stewart chocolate cake the
corner carrot
don't forget to subscribe you guys are
brand new and go check out this video
and we'll see us tomorrow right here on
the CTFxC all right love you guys
toodles
we're City XE
with Shakopee
where's that damn vaccine
Hey
- else with me
get some
