good morning guys we are going to the
airport again yay one Philadelphia that
won't home
is is completely shot so we got to go
through the the pre-check today but I
got one of those randomize up it's like
a randomizer where they put your hands
on it actually I'll have the explosives
and they were like going up and down and
my crotchal region was giving off a lot
of explosives
maybe my sandwich forgot to put it there
gosh I'm not sure if you can see a
little spot in the water over there but
that little patch of grass is where Zoey
usually goes to the bathroom and that
it's called navigator and he is just
chewing and stalking and chilling you
know just doing alligators
scaring people eating stuff staring
blankly into an open space where your
dog is standing are you literally
watching that's still free we can't take
him anywhere such an offensive TV show
so Ryan I just kind of went on a little
shopping spree these is we have all
these international like shows coming up
what are all those coming up man hey I
think we go to Singapore in June I also
bought a new cable for my my iPhone but
I'm getting up getting all quit right
now I've been wanting this pillow for
like years and I just finally did it
walking around totally normal
I just don't realized that I'm matching
he looked so cute today
like that that's you Sophie - yeah
Travie tyre magic to your minds intense
but my broke oh yeah you haven't seen
one yep
my gonna bag though copycat I showed you
this thing I should yeah clearly there
are three trainees piloting the paper
yeah that's not
okay we're finished right are we done
it's done right now I think we're done
right now I'm getting my keratin today
it's been a while so I don't think I've
ever actually filmed the process of it I
made the video on my channel about
keratin treatments but I never actually
showed getting one so I'll kind of do
like a little step-by-step so I just had
it washed a couple of times now they're
going to brush it out with a Miller
applying cube there and all the boys
watching that don't care about this you
can just skip ahead maybe a minute or so
now my hair is processing it's been in
this little head wrap for about 20
minutes they basically just paint the
keratin on leave it for 20 minutes and
then I'm going to get it blow-dried and
then straighten for the flat irons that
kind of like seals it all on I have to
leave it there for three whole days my
head's going to be a grease ball okay so
it's all dried now and now I have to get
it flat iron it's going to take a while
my hair is going to smoke a lot that's
just from the product it's actually
something a lot of people think that
your hair is smoking when you straighten
it it's actually just the oils or
whatever products you have on your hair
almost um guys flat ironing it's been
going on for how this is been going on
for like two hours no not that I'm
exaggerating she knows me she's like bad
alright okay just passed away okay one
hour mark I'm going a little crazy but
it's hard to me honestly to leave the
dogs this one I'm nervous about Chico I
think they're doing all but it makes me
series there might feel a bit yeah my
mom
my mom is a good dog sitter she go needs
a babysitter yeah she gonna need the
babysitter he's a little bit fast yeah I
think this thing is going on my record
as being one of the best things that
ever purchased ever in my entire life
those are actually pretty cool bro these
guys get sick never all your jet ski I'm
talking to Danny he's just like doing
this like stop stop look look this is
for nerds out there I've never seen it
before in the red I've never seen in the
red oh my god you guys believe it is why
you not a Wi-Fi boy feel like I'm in
Harry Potter right here okay no we're
Slytherin this a nice little setup I
like how to play carp carpet down
because usually when we play in gyms so
actually now to be nice and quiet
we just like wandering around the campus
through finding some awesome things now
we found a batting cage with the in a
racquetball court oh that's a heavy ball
Oh in the corner somebody missed his
mama
today just flopped over is he looking as
false now oh there's no way to show true
affection for your owner like licking
your balls he was a good boy he had a
little bit more of the stuff in his
crate but we need a little more time to
train you more beau don't you know crazy
in there good dog food crazy crate he's
such a ham he totally knows other
cameras on him he does not a lot
actually it's like he fights his own
nails off Charles that's a good or a bad
thing I think he's probably had to do
that the whole time so he just keeps him
sure himself are you Manny carrying
yourself a pedicure yourself you got
something wrong
what's the deal here come on in there
don't I hey your hair looks pretty
Thanks wait make that face again go we
got a cake I got a secret little present
he can't announce it yet I can't tell
you yet got come to the shows then
Travis will announce it for you pretty
exciting so as you can see I'm still
fighting these damn allergies so I've
been trying to like sleep just basically
sleep it off everyone's telling me go to
bed take a nap so I'll be right back
Cesar use up a lot of your left further
so just say you know out of curiosity
did you tell her what type of little
yeah we could have a can do it's uh it's
red yeah so as you can see the day was a
little boring huh spice things out a
little bit this is wise one he overnight
if you're gonna have a Charles Charles
anesthesia we're gonna have a seizure
you might as well have it while you're
sleeping laying town and a comfortable
about recant your head yeah we're the
neck pillow around your face yeah I
don't wanna see any more day ya know
alright guys so as you just saw
unfortunately randomly I had an another
random seizure rockin alley right now
she gave me the a-okay to go back on
play the show because we're supposed to
play the show 20 minutes ago I kind of
made everyone late sorry guys you better
get up there we got it hey bro you know
wheelbarrow bring yeah
my camera
so they acid nerd rock wanted to play
and I said no I'm doing it and like I
was up there I came on in the middle
I'll just keep breathing and I got so
emotional because one of those things I
just I love the fact that my bike
friends were here and I'm so upset that
I put them through that crap but I love
all of them and I just wanted to say
thank you guys for understanding and
giving me the support even though this
keeps happening it will stop and
we just gotta figure it out um I just
wanted to say thank you guys for giving
me that power I posted that photo of me
sitting inside stage playing the bass
bus sitting down I was looking through
the Instagram posts and midway I just
looked at nerd rock and I was like nerd
rock I'm going on stage I just keep
breathing so you guys were dot you guys
were motivating me wild side stage so I
just want to say thank you guys I will
see you guys tomorrow as always have a
great night don't forget to subscribe if
you guys are brand new and I promised
the other videos aren't as crazy as what
happened today
well in different ways I guess I should
have said you killed it yeah it was fun
man rock yes there's definitely
something to be said about the healing
power of electric guitar it really was
because like I hand was like I was like
saying if I would have stopped there for
40 minutes my hand would have just been
like this whole time but the fact that
I've had the guitar it was on muscle
memory I was just going and going and
going
it was awesome and get up that get back
on the stage it's just one of those
things show must go on and we talked
about in traversing like thinking about
like how Justin Bieber when he has a
fear cancels a whole tour or something
like that not not to say anything bad
but it's just it's funny think about
like if you have the willpower and the
drive and the love behind you like all
these guys this whole crew I love them
all to death and it's very very
emotional so I think qoodles-tool ooh
toodaloo got a new one now do it alone
can't wait to see what you did
with CTFxC
with Shakopee
where's the vaccine
got a share
who else with me
to get to me
