ah Biao love you Wow
I just shaved sarandon on my face with
your face oh he's like it's okay it's
okay it's all right so nerd rock and I
are now moving to the airport 6:00 in
the morning 6:00 in the MOU policy talks
Jack never heard that Bandar aux jack
pretty good they seem to sound like
every other band though it's only
problem what's the worst thing a man
with a sunburn can do uh carry a heavy
backpack nerve Rock rolled his ankle
skateboarding again he's like a kid we
tell him not to he still does it and it
gets hurt where is he where is he oh
there is AB look look look look look
oh my friend always voice moving around
circles all right so what's the second
dumbest thing you can do when you have a
sunburn get a pat-down because you don't
like going through the machines at TSA
and mr. fist bump
what's up buddy good luck see anything I
invented let's go sleep longing space
for sleep
good morning
good morning guys I would like to show
you something that we discovered about
our new addition to our family Chico
Chico I'm sure the internet what you can
do
oh he's doing it already what you got
what is that what is that I never
thought I would own a dog that would do
this Oh frankly up go Chico your total
dumbass and I love you so much
whoa he just crashed into me what you
got buddy
what you got he's making himself dizzy
he keeps crummy into stuff get it buddy
get it buddy get it buddy
get it Chico Pico is this a really fun
game there it is it's still there get it
oh my god this is the greatest thing
she's my life go go go go maybe it
wasn't a good thing to show him this so
on that last flight I pretty much was
like a seven year old man having a
coughing attack
I couldn't stop coughing I couldn't get
enough cough drops in time so I was just
like
it's pretty embarrassing sucked now my
eyes are all red it looks like I've been
crying it's definitely not airport
travel until you pay $9 for half
appetizing looking sandwich
you got Sophie you're welcome welcome to
Savannah don't mind me nerd Rock aah
she's gonna fall asleep here in my bag
no that would be smart
this is a college show course Travis
gets to do is traditional drive through
campus everything waived by the
way listen to my mini damper are you
really doing the old school window down
thing roll it fell over in the clock
Travis mo use hello kingdoms just got
long can you not good just honk you know
there's no way there's no way there's no
I just doing go you got a peg on that
side yeah all right well you are tell
you what just got to these plays we are
where's the stage we're looking for this
stage so just keep going for your
science drivers
what street is this right here having a
favorite turtle why could they was
underwrote I'm not talking about that
I'm saying that we we save a turtle cuz
he wasn't all the road it was actually
really nice a bunch of people stopped
and helped me stop the traffic so I can
say that normally people just honk and
say what get out of the way why did you
save the turtle specific uh tartar oh hi
there again I like turtles
what's he doing man whoa are we
freakazoid playing again you guys have
no idea how to behave around one another
do you you're working on it though you
know that's his bed right it's totally
not your spot go man I get him get away
Oh woah she pokes and proud whoa Oh
Marley that's quite enough you're so
ridiculous stop they seriously have no
idea what to do it just makes me laugh
Marley so spastic and so is he but he's
like 8 million times her size so it just
makes everything like really confusing
and awkward at least they're trying that
makes me happy and now I present
Benjamin's number 5
perfect the bunk bed over here oh
they're all little bug bits take on that
I didn't do a level o'clock I was cool
if I had my own place off campus um who
wants a room with me guys yeah so this
is my dorm room what's up MTV Cribs so I
ever really totally moved in yet but
this is the closet um you can tell it to
walk in walk in closet it's what like a
lot of rich people have so I decided to
get that I decided to put my bed up
about four feet
I had this desk made out of marble
window overlooks the park it's pretty
expensive I notice he didn't put me
distracting decor on the wall god you
know I want to keep it clean simple they
asked if I wanted the standard chair in
it I try to upgrade everything in my
life stuff rocker
thanks MTV Cribs from coming out do all
the crazy edit juju I don't know it is
bad or this is actually good hunter just
Nick does all hunters water latex to him
Charles will have to play a college show
today so it's my first time with all
three of these dogs by myself
my mom is helping me but we were alone
this morning we're gonna be alone
tonight so we'll see how it goes so far
so good they seem to be getting along
really nicely occasionally there will be
a little scuffle but it's mostly over
something like a toy or like who's in
line for water or something like that so
they're kind of working it out they're
figuring it out slowly I'm really
actually happy I thought it was going to
be a little more complicated than this
one thing that is a little bit difficult
it's kind of proven to be a little bit
of a problem is creating him today he's
sort of ripped up the bottom part of his
crate a little bit he didn't destroy the
padding inside which is good I was
hoping he wouldn't destroy that I wanted
it to feel like a comfortable space for
him but he's a little bit reluctant to
get in the crate which I can understand
and I'm trying to you know get him in
and out of it
whenever we're around not just one more
leaving so that he feels like it's just
his place it's kind of just a slow
process with him he he doesn't mind the
crate but it's taking him some time to
understand that it's like you know place
just for him so now the Charles wasn't
home guess what I get to do
all of them house are belong to me that
was really creepy and I was like Gollum
status
so unfortunately Kohli couldn't be here
today
oh but we decided to set up the keyboard
just in like their Memorial and honor I
guess of Kohli while traveling and
trying to play a show on the chemo it's
not all the drugs just making me super
tired so I just want to fall asleep we
go to take a nap wherever I'm at
so soundcheck sleep time barber chairs
oh my god
hey - three - three
it's like a ride on like a dish
ah oh yeah
Oh
Oh Brian
all right so I was trying to FaceTime
with Charles and the internet was so
crappy wherever he is it's totally not
even working but I have him on
speakerphone what'd he say no right I
don't even understand what he just said
and if you do you should write in the
comments cuz I don't understand him on
the phone yes I did I told everyone that
he was also being a complete asshole and
wouldn't go in this crate today he knows
he's in now a grenade it on it where are
you right now
Oh Georgia I can cool all right guys
that's it for tonight's video thank you
guys so much for watching if you haven't
subscribed please be sure to do so and
we'll see you tomorrow as always say
achar oh do it again Oh
Rasika taxi
with me
vexy
