good morning guys look what I got going
ready
no no but I can do this now with the
cameras on so we do it earlier ready go
oh no here's Marlee we will define you
do you have to play with me did you kick
him off his bed this is my bed now
wait you hold on what are you just doing
little bit later show me
wait what the sunburn yeah I wanted to
have a team to have a treetop outline I
want to always have a tank top taking a
little stroll to get a juice a Juicy
Juice I'm a favorite place I figured
today was such a nice day I should go
for a walk I talked to my doctor and
they said I could take some medicine to
get rid of us cold because I think in
two days we have some college shows I
actually I got a show you got some
screen shots I actually woke up this
morning to a bunch of new stuff from the
calendar to show you guys and now I have
sustenance anyway so all last night I
was here on duty to duty it was like
I'll just check it out in the morning
and sure enough
Duncan was busy he added all these new
tour dates to the Wii the King's I
calendar so it looks like we're going to
Singapore Malaysia they're doing a slam
dunk festival so I guess I see UK and
then we're doing some Japan dates to
Osaka and Tokyo and then we come home
for Warped Tour and as well as some call
it various College states so I will be
seeing you guys internationally which is
awesome I'm pretty pumped especially
considering that last tour is my first
tour back since the operation and while
on chemo and this tour will be the first
time International to see you guys this
all this stupid situation it's kind of
like a personal victory hey where's your
brother
last month I mentioned that we had a few
more the CTFxC ribbon shirts I actually
think if you guys go to CTFxC merch calm
we have a few more so we just got the
total so we're writing another check for
$6,000 each to the charities thanks to
you guys which is awesome I think
there's still some left also speaking of
new merch ideas this was an idea from
the hometown show I believe Josiah took
this photo of me in front of all you see
tf-x ears and then we put we are the
CTFxC I thought that would be a really
fun poster we could do like a limited
run of what we'll do is just like the
other posters will have a sign version
and an unsigned version and we'll pop
that to probably do a super limited run
of these pride is one run because of all
the touring coming up so I'm gonna get
all that information and I will let you
guys know here when that will be
available but it will be see
sexy merch calm Holly the bookkeeper
give him free money to charities person
grown-up book write things in it to
destroy cancer yeah hopefully hoping
that's gonna happen and hopefully you're
supportive people so we just tried to
ring cheek over to my mom's house since
he's gonna have to since he's gonna have
to be here when we're traveling and I
don't think that Coco is real happy
about that she kinda has been standing
like this for about five minutes already
I know I shouldn't be laughing but she
really doesn't like him you know okay
there Coco gonna fight over Homer or
that Marge there's a fight over Marge
Chico you're Simpsons fan so tomorrow I
have to fly for a show in Georgia and
then I think I have a show in
Pennsylvania and I was already starting
to pack already and Marley's already
noticed so she's playing hard to get
this one not so much
he's still mad at me it's so judgmental
I just lay right here look Holly the
scariest place I could possibly like lay
on Zoe please don't do anything Zoe so
every time new rock comes to stay with
us we always want to bring them to
munchies 4:20 cafe sis the place is just
grotesque amount of food James have you
in there artists it's basically take
macaroni and cheese and a hotdog and a
burger and then put like a Cinnabon on
top of it that's what you're gonna get
here that's what I'm getting you can get
stuff like that you just prepare
yourself buddy can I get like pizza and
SATA taco probably bad think about
anything that you possibly put together
that's what you can do I think was it
was man versus food do they do
deep-fried Twinkies there yes oh they
had deep-fried anything else
because your mama don't cook past
midnight
ready nerd yeah man we're all just
hungry
we got Beavis and Butthead out here this
is why it's called 4/20 cafe go push me
bro let's see this Josh the heck is all
this stuff that two cheeseburgers baby
I'm so confused
what you got there nerd I got a fat Josh
fat Josh for Josh
it's gonna be you know beast nerd not
even eat it
I've never been more confused about a
food in my life forgot broccoli bites
macaroni and cheese bites what is that
Manik drop you're getting cheese sauce
on your hoodie
of course it you have to get that God
cheese on it
when in doubt smothered in cheese sauce
let's check out how Josh was doing over
here I was married rock to him it's it's
overwhelming and I wish I had ketchup is
it everything you wish for them it's
definitely something that'll make a fat
Josh oh look at what's on there I don't
know I can point it to the internet see
if the Internet you guessed by just
looking what's in that mystery meat
sandwich I dare you to put that whole
thing in their mouth I think you just
ate you look like I don't even know what
right now was it all in I'm so ashamed
of myself right now I just need to jump
into a vat of just sanitizer and just
taking an awesome shower although that
was pretty interesting where's your big
brother Oh careful careful she's like I
want some munchies i watch this dog from
running around the corner there is Chi
go my way I don't know where to go I
don't know where to go but I got a piece
so bad I thought Zoey a big boy you good
you chill anyway so you guys were over
that website we talked about it think
about a year ago it was called Opinion
Outpost basically where you could do
surveys and then you get rewarded for
doing the surveys you get cash Amazon
gift cards iTunes gift cards or just
all-around awesomeness you know high
fives
I actually I don't know if they can give
you high fives but I'll give you the
high fives later anyway they wanted me
to remind you guys about that website if
you guys forgot I'll put the link down
there description it's a top description
link actually the funny thing is when I
was 12 or 13 years old I used to be the
dude that would call you and do the
surveys and I think that's actually
where I made the actual connection with
Opinion Outpost was because they wanted
me to remind
you guys or make it known that you guys
can actually be rewarded for doing
surveys and fun things like that so if
you guys want to join it's free links
down there in the description right
there click it join it
I think quarterly they give away $10,000
or they have a contest but you can get
you know gift cards and all that awesome
stuff so go check it out guys and let me
know what surveys you guys like the best
read three knows good enough for me
sorry what are you doing get some
attention leaving at all three dogs
there I bet you can't will be the
ultimate test
so you're the dick late time everyone
get cheek oh come on she co chica what
what I heard a bone so it always seems I
just get home and I have to start
packing again luckily it's only for two
two-and-a-half days these are just
college shows so I'm just gonna get some
clothes right now go to a place a couple
shows what's scary though and I'm a
little worried is this is gonna be the
first time traveling on chemotherapy and
I think I'm gonna be totally fine
actually I know I'm gonna be totally
fine but I'm gonna make sure you go to
bed extra early so I'm gonna go to bed
right now what I'm gonna stop talking it
out and go to bed
alright I'll see you guys tomorrow as
always don't forget to subscribe if you
guys are brand-new and I suit I'll see
you guys tomorrow as always love you
guys bye guys
we're sexy
with me
they'll switch
