good morning guys so today is Chico's
first day staying in his low cage by
himself and we have a little camera to
set up just to see what he does the
Internet is always watching Chico that's
something you're going to learn hey
douche bag we're inside
pick your sunglasses laughs behind my
pink eye oh forget it so bad it's pretty
no that looks better show me having it's
better look two left really kind of
that's your right there you go yeah I
have a barber tan line but it's already
going away not so bad oh my god you're
so dingus such an idiot
that's what's up from the club can you
play that well your shirt from the coop
brick with the cupcakes it's the famous
club the 9:30 club they give you those
cupcakes and they give you shirts it's
one of the most famous venues in the
world here we go guys we'll see what he
did although you guys have already seen
what he's done
are you okay
Toby you do it oh it looks like you
pissed everywhere so after further
review it doesn't appear to be P it just
appears to be slobber barking you get
all worked up I feel like that's a
success he did really well he's
eventually it'll get better he'll he'll
like it it actually so we have some
college Jones coming up I guess it'd
make two days so Narok is getting a
rental car so I can go to the storage
unit make sure everything's all 50 nice
fishy it's for unity yeah hopefully
gotta get nerd Rock another mom minivan
a soccer mom van
hopefully with like keys it works
time yeah I remember that I'm so stupid
it's how the kings ride in style
minivans you know you're jealous
come on mr. doe Drock let's go let's see
how midget I am still moving so today is
April Fool's which is like the worst day
for me because I am way too gullible
hashtag too gullible the one time in the
year that I literally tried to avoid the
Internet at all at all costs
yeah I'm literally reading everything on
the internet and thinking it's real and
then getting really really happy and
then remembering it's April 1st freakin
hate today just sit here in the corner
and just sulk at all the potential
things that could have been but our
people are just tricking me
Riley's ready for a drive I was I'll
take the left side flank him boy show
how to chase the squirrels that what you
want to show him come on she's dead
she's like oh we did it
she's like I'd support that squirrel I
don't care about anything else right now
then he realizes already Marley's in
charge probably doesn't give a crap
about the other dog take daddy stop
moving there's a squirrel
oh you moved me to move I think he's
over here no teachers over here America
hello mr. hawk to know that the car gets
good news Mary
good girl good girl
all right here's test number three Zoe's
is caring about getting a gentle leader
off Marly just happy to be home
stick what's going on here this is um
this is no bed I'm going to carry this
behind me she likes to put his paws on
everyone
he's like I love you him and Zoey get
along nerd Rock and Marley get along
looks like everyone's getting along now
test three complete so test number three
we are in the middle of we got all three
dogs in the house Marley's in our little
corner her little the little tent is
always stealing crap from them I think
that so far test three seems to be very
positive I think it's one of those
things where you guys just have to let
them go and just kind of like defend
themselves this is her anger tank when
she goes under here she's angry nobody
goes near her
except Zoey so he knows how to get out
of the 8 angry kid I don't even think he
sees you under there so he stole your
boat again she's like everyone that you
have I will then take it doesn't like
that now do they keep taking each
other's toys smiling at the Bell good
girl really see Q this is my house yeah
but anyway you need to be vocal with
this dog yeah just tell me going away
saying I hit the bell come on I'm
special
what's up uh the snow monster from Star
Wars the wall at least calm wampa
actually it has a more specific name and
Nate would know that yeah it's the big
Star Wars buff I call wampa make them
your bitch Marlee then then we know
we'll be over with food food brings them
together just keep feeding them though
associate being friends with the eatin
food
Sal do this style dig this guy six ball
good boy you wait your turn
I'll hang it out now they're actually
gonna play good thing I see it
she plates so weird I just wanted to
give a huge thank you to my friend will
who sent me this my own little trophy
see by trophy will sent feel it it's
actually a freaking my hands away what
is that here it could outstanding
awesomeness whoa that's what jit it's
like a goblet she's already taken over
the bed he's my bitch so we have some
really exciting news we wait until the
end of the video sunburn we didn't know
how to say it
I figured we just going to say it what
but I am officially pregnant I just did
the test we've got back from the doctor
he's having twins
I'm officially pregnant the only thing
I'm worried about is like where's it
going to grow and how is it going just
poop it out or is it like an alien just
just come out through my poop it out I
poop it out where does it grow my
stomach grows in your butthole goes with
my butthole
yeah okay so I just wanted to let you
guys know that I am in fact pregnant
Jesse blew the lid he wasn't supposed to
say that but yes I am pregnant yes
that's the big news I am pregnant
well anyway on the pregnant note I will
see you guys tomorrow as always don't
forget to subscribe because a brand new
Chico don't lick your balls I'll see you
at tomorrow's always
to see what you did
hey we're sitting back sing
with me
vexy share
- else with me
