good morning guys so we are Travis right
now because we are today apparently
that's what you got to do
I've never done this before seems like a
terrible idea we strain it out in the
middle the worst I have had a protein
shake
drink shut up made that parents watch
parents are watching the vlogs Travis he
can write a song
hi mr. mrs. Sophie girlfriend got him
round two
Lunchables
be prepared don't get only drinks the
SmartWater Eve you are well you bring
this on the bus everyone else right so I
don't know what Duncan I did to that
lady she looked like she was gonna eat
our faces that could have a turkey Swiss
nope okay well can I have this
now I want to catch a whale can we catch
a whale we catch whatever you want in I
feel like they'll just like look
somewhat like jump you ready got one
Brian got some nice number one catch a
release first fish yeah exciting
we're in a beach barbecue in order
Willkie and it's ready hello hello
that's actually his brother that's the
way you're so dark it took a second for
the cavity he's very tan he's basically
a pro surfer now so don't even worry
about them yeah so the Mounted Police
just went by I don't know why they're
here but that was really crazy if you
never thought that you would see a horse
walking down the beach I want to see no
can do this Duncan is this the first
time you ever went fishing
Duncan's first cast it's pretty good
though it's good twice penetrated this
okay so I'm headed home now Charles just
got back from hits a little fishing trip
with the boys
I heard he didn't catch anything that
exciting maybe I wasn't supposed to tell
you that he was supposed to lie until he
caught the big fish kind of started
getting pissed off because I'm hitting a
bunch of love bugs with my car which a I
feel bad about because I'm killing bugs
and B I feel bad about because I hate
love bugs and they peel your paint off
your car like if you don't wash them off
right away
oh they're so awful I hate them they get
stuck to your windshield and they're
just gross there was a rumor that they
were created by students at UF I don't
think that that's true I think that's
kind of an urban legend
way to go trav catch in my line you lost
your fish big rocks this is the one
we're all going to take photos with hold
your fish like I caught it
Duncan round two don't get a get your
chips ready for you you got to get that
fix your fish and chips you go Duncan
don't give your Fisher dead Ryan got
another one oh my god Ryan
give me your phone Duncan just give me
your phone
if I was you dunk I would try to go just
a Tom Sawyer put the legs over and pee
just jump in every mr. shrimp oh well so
you ate one of those yesterday who's
this who's now the neck and neck yeah
literally oh oh now he wanted to be on
that side I'm trying okay he's being a
dick I got one you try holding both so I
don't feel bad now because I didn't
catch anything big I didn't catch any
fish so it's all Duncan and they're dry
okay everybody but Charles I got the
first big fish but how did I get that
photo in the thumbnail trav I didn't
catch any fish where's the hand
sanitizer
I don't have any on me excuse me sir we
do not want that sir no soliciting did I
just do that
I broke the ball I think no not on got
one good one broke come on Corona we did
your job yesterday okay now we got to do
hers we know you liked him
talk to you mom are you ready barley is
so tiny compared to him you know I
always thought Marley was kind of big
too probably can't do what he does get
this foot stuck in a bush didn't wanted
on his leg he's pooping again
I guess he didn't poop again boys looks
like this is what I get
thanks buddy I'm gonna try to get Chico
a cage a little crate really what's just
basically a nice way to say cage because
I mean he needs help I don't want to
leave him alone and have him destroy
stuff or poop everywhere and I want him
to have a place that he feels like it's
secure in his his own so gonna look for
some stuff for him right now and I'm
going to get him some toys and I'm
thinking this is looking pretty awesome
like look at this this is freaking
massive that's like you could kill
someone with this let's catch it good
cats ready one two three
catch see go look at what else is here
what you got there Chico you got a cage
so we decided to start building Chico a
crate see if he can act a little bit
better I don't think the vlogs were
around when Marla was crate trained kind
of looks like he knows what this is
yeah Chico go check it out yeah take my
toys in there there you go buddy I think
he just taught you how to do it you
don't need to read the directions Alli
both girls the ultimate test issues make
sure to start yup buddy let me play some
videos of them and you can like
understand them these are the people you
need to impress right study that photo
Chico well I'm going to take a shower
and put some stuff all on my face as you
can see I'm a lobster rock lobster ah oh
I got a new tank top you like that today
is the first day of the next round of
chemotherapy so thank you guys so much
for the love the support on Twitter I
know we're rocket Chico you come to say
hi to come see toodles okay that works
too anyway if you guys ran dude don't
forget to subscribe and I'll see you
guys tomorrow as always and I think
tomorrow actually gonna be the day we
hope
decided for able to keep Chico because
we're gonna have both dogs in the house
together and it'll be the ultimate test
so I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
have a great night
poodles don't hurt as much as it looks
guys ok baby right there does alright I
guess
with sexy
vexy
they'll switch
