good morning guys now this is our fault
we've never cleaned this cat properly
which was little I mean she was dirty
when she was little obviously cuz we
found her was a stray and she was tiny
so she was filthy and obviously when she
was small we didn't want a Terrorizer
not Terrorizer we didn't want to
traumatize her you know because she was
so small as it was I mean she even fit
our hand you guys remember that she was
that small oh hi hi okay
we're gonna do lolcat yeah perfect
example she was literally that small and
as a result I didn't want to you know do
any of that stuff and since she was she
was small she was around dogs I'm be
honest she did not know how to do
anything as far as cleaning and now up
until maybe about a week ago maybe two
weeks ago she started doing the whole
cat thing at least to where I saw she
must have been doing it earlier because
she had a hairball a couple weeks ago
but at any rate we actually talked to
our vet and they said that we should try
to give her a bath just to make sure you
know she's healthy she's clean because
like I said we haven't ever done it and
she still might have some some stuff on
her from when we got her so today is the
day we try to give Rika her first bath
and God help us all
hey Snickers this is our neighbor's cat
obviously it's name is Snickers it's
pretty much been the neighborhood cat
for a while there we go because I know
it's very unique well we got to go do
stuff all right we're getting the kitty
shampoo and look at this so look at look
at the cat nail things that they have
they're like colorful do you see them
god that's so funny
welcome to the kitty cat nail salon do
you think we should put these on Turtles
that would start one Royce
No
I'm kind of blown away though at the all
the different colors that they have all
right we'll attempt to do this I'm like
terrified are you nervous okay do you
want vomiting a spring breeze or
pomegranates citrus raspberry or
pomegranate pomegranate pomegranate yeah
look Martha's gonna eat it you don't
want that to happen it's on your head do
you think the only dog that doesn't like
treats all right you know if you don't
want I gotta put it away otherwise
Marley's gonna eat it all right we got
to do your nails first
are you ready this is the doctor's
orders he's not here obviously in film
it so I can see it's gonna be like one
of those things so how did it go I feel
like you're gonna be okay with it
because you love water maybe we should
do it in the sink that way she's
familiar with it or she doesn't ever
like to sink again which is actually a
good thing so that way she stops going
on the counter dead kitty walking there
you go you're stinky a street cat treats
is not the smelliest thing in the world
oh you want to eat that now huh of
course you do cuz I'm gonna feel really
bad about this what it smells bad nice
nice face it smell it oh Jesus babe I
know it smells bad that's why I'm really
reluctant I've always given her that
because I have to wash my hands for 40
minutes get all fat and happy
ready it's okay it's okay we're all
right it's just a little bit of water no
big deal
I'm sorry
all right get ready cuz I'm gonna pour
water there we go
she is submerged in the water she's not
caring okay there we go you crush the
kitty don't don't do it I am genuinely
impressed I'm sure you guys are she
actually liked it well didn't like she
probably hated it but at the same time
she's not that pissed her she
yep she's pissed here you go I mean to
be completely honest out of cat bath
that was probably the best now lookie
cat you probably don't have to do that
for another year unless you don't figure
out how to lick yourself oh she's
shaking she's freezing
well this she's not pissed she hates you
I think I was cuz I held her you were
best friends with Ryan apparently go get
our tree do you know what it's gonna be
she's gonna be fluffy like she was when
she first got her Ali had a good idea
take it outside that way she warms up a
little easier actually at all
he was like liking it I think what
happens is when we were stopped doing
the water
she just got cold yeah and we made sure
we put warm water in there so she stayed
warm not hot though that's what you guys
allow she's clean drying herself at
least so first off I gotta say thank you
to all you guys with your suggestions
all that happened was just that and that
was because of the nails the baths
didn't even I don't think it even
affected her diesel nor Beth you may
have to just wrap her up in a town put
her in her bed you know her tail looks
like an otter tail
yeah she's not gonna hang out and that
was the last time we saw arica went it's
okay it's happy tale which is a good
sign
wagging tail is a good thing where I can
tell me he's pissed off I don't think it
means you can't language think it does
yes okay so we got her at work so we
figure to be a little bit upset with us
all right yeah I'm such a sucker and I
feel so bad I had some tuna that I
haven't used okay I'm gonna give it to
her maybe she won't hate me forever
all right she she loves us again right -
my favorite things when driving are like
right now actually shoot it just happen
the dentist office are recording as
everything like happened earlier is when
your turn signals on and the person in
front of you turns also about to do it
and they start sinking at the same time
I just did it do it I don't know I lost
it I lost it I'm so blown away that
you're so fascinated by your blinker see
wait it's gonna happen again
yours is faster than them there it is
there it is I lost it again
my wife is so slow you're like a turtle
you really are like a turtle or a worm I
can't see it because you're so slow
she keeps turning that on and then that
on there we go that was still on going
anyway we're gonna go meet up with my
mom my mom's friend pegging guy and my
little sister this is still on that's
why I did that
I know is down that's why that's your
daughter
so this is Melissa
you guys might remember her from making
these you said 14 and then what was the
other one 2016 July 26 2016 yeah there
we go so we put her in the vlog
I guess so so 16 to 3 years ago and I
just wanted to show you guys again but
weights in this thing we have these
actually in our dining room and the
funny thing is is that this this one
right here when they did the sad song
music video in our house they removed
like everything in our kitchen except
for this and like a candle hello so
Melissa's famous yeah we're gonna see if
this works
I was just explaining to Tara that she
was terrified of the water and let's see
if she does it yeah she's gone yeah we
paid there in that thing and she hates
us right now like hate our guys I think
she's still mad at us you know my heart
was racing all day you throw me in the
water you made me all wet you pissed me
off you made loud noises
you ruined my sink my sink was my
favorite thing in the world and you took
it from me but she's licking me I think
she still loves me the dog blog is
turned into a cat oh she was so relaxed
you just ruined it I just want to make
sure she's cool with us and she's back
to normal doesn't care has he done we're
ending our day it was uh it was quite
the bizarre eventful scary catalog
catalog it was a scary cat walk no
actually it was a little bit
intimidating but in fact that we were
about to be the cat which I feel like
it's like a cardinal rule not to do like
the cardinal rule when you only can
don't bathe your cat but she doesn't
care she didn't care
but we needed to do it everybody
recommended it we had to do we had to do
it and cheese from the collar and now
she's dead it's not pomegranate citrus
pomegranate or whatever it's citrus what
the hell is it any you where is it I
wanna prove you wrong
no no he does he always yes sir prove me
wrong you he always has to be right I
swear it's out irritating even if he's
not right he's still somehow likes to
prove that he started pomegranate citrus
I so we both and it's anti hairball so
before we go we have to give a few
shoutouts some amazing people in the
future and family you wanna start
Ashley burn Emily Matsumoto MS Craig
Jonathan Nicholas Smith Shirley Colin
skyla Fairhurst Ryan yang Ling actually
funny think that we used to be one of my
favorite beers jingling I still like it
so if you owned the company or your
family does hook a brother up okay I
don't drink anymore
we have Cory priest Joe Rainbird Teresa
Renfro all right so this is a mouthful
Nancy Walters McMichael and of course
Selena Shay thank you so much for
watching today's video we really hope
you enjoyed it if you guys are brandy
please do not forget to hit that
subscribe button give it a thumbs up and
if you guys want to join the patreon
family links down in the description
we've been updating all the perks with
your suggestions in the discord chat so
keep them good truth thank you
hashtag airdrop no just do with me okay
truth ray says hashtag hashtag truth
proof just stay with me oh my god anywho
all right guys love you we'll see you
tomorrow bye
