good morning guys it is 92 degrees
element football it was 98 degrees just
like the boy band I don't know I have no
idea what I'm talking about
would that actually be cool that's
actually a good question does anyone
know why 98 degrees was 98 degrees okay
I want to do something like this hanging
from our trees what is it just it's just
like rope no material all right let's go
get it it's an eyeball oh yeah it looks
like a house of not house of horrors
what is it it's a pie
do they make noise or they just glow in
the dark
that's cool why don't we get some of
these dang $40 for that 40 yeah that's
way too much
get it cuz he's dead what
there's so many good ones this year are
you noticing that they have way better
stuff here than at party stores yeah
look a giant spider yeah I'm not a fan
of that one
that's you know what that reminds me of
the resident evil dogs
oh my gosh we should get that the
webcaster gun wanna get one he gets
spiderwebs so cool how do we do it air
compressor we need to get an air
compressor yeah that's what you wanted
there that would be fun actually
yeah turn it on Oh try me that was weird
just like all this money in the world
that we could just buy Ollie's and just
put them everywhere
like a giant six-foot horse and look at
the t-rex does that please tell me that
one moves oh man it's a how do you get
that thing to work I want to see that
thing I was just talking to Hallie and I
just came up with a pretty DIY thing we
could do we can I can lay down could do
like a chalk outline or tape outline let
me get some like police tape and put it
around the yard like it's a crime scene
and I'm gonna get the blood you can get
some of that blood you put it all over I
get I got the mentality going right now
I'm sucked in it's it's it's guide me
the vortex hands down one of my favorite
foods of all time other than other than
pizza our Chicago dogs and truthfully I
just feel like it's the celery salt
the fixings what are these called sports
peppers these are awesome
now that they're finally open look it's
going for the old pumpkin we can
actually get some more pumpkins because
obviously we don't have enough good
there's the big tall one what kind you
want to carve oh look at this Podcast up
Ali's head Alex just had an
inappropriate joke we're gonna go to do
to my sister since she's not home right
now that is cool take a flower as you
can imagine we're gonna get something
like that that looks a little that is
actually kind of cool we're gonna get
something a little questionable like
that and then and two little baby ones
and put them next to each other and
leave them on our doorstep most if
you're watching this it was Ali the
whole time oh you're looking look good
they're like a new addition now there
you go
what wouldn't you want to get I know
that one I think these tall cool ones
are yeah we don't ever get a tallest I
say we get a call one I kind of like
that guy over there see him I do he
looks kind of cool or or there's like a
really this guy's kind of cool operation
creep my little sister out I know that's
the camera down
looks like he's brown back in
you sold us out you sold us out big boy
well you ruined a bit actually no he did
it he did it Finn ruining Frank's you
know what I got Marlene's over here
just kidding boom getting busy that's
true yeah yeah we'd have to have a whole
colony of them oh yeah right well it
goes like this
yep from the bottom this is such a
clever little decoration we'll give them
a hat
you put that one on there he doesn't
live though that's the thing I lived on
the other yeah Ali just had a brilliant
idea so we can start utilizing all these
stupid like sandbags because they
weren't all sand a lot of them were dirt
bags get it have a bunch of dirt bags
so we're gonna make it look all Mountie
like so it looks like he's coming out a
little bit more like it's a fresh grave
oh just look at this I have no idea what
to do with all this so many of them now
that looks way better this way it's a
lot better looking what do you think
guys check it out look how much nicer it
looks by adding this that fresh dirt and
the best part is we're getting rid of
like ones who like like 10 like stupid
sandbags that we don't even know what to
do because they're just chilling outside
of the house as you saw yeah I like that
it looks really good this year I feel
like Charles is just as exciting about
decoration as I am cuz usually it's just
me and I kind of have to get him to help
me laughs get him to help me always
helps but I feel like this year he's
more like okay we gotta get this we
should try this this would be really
awesome at our house this would be
really cool in the front yard but that
makes it super exciting to me hey so
it's pretty darn cool that char is
helping me out so much and right now
we're on this like wrong offense let's
just say we're on the fence because I've
always wanted to have a Halloween party
and I wanted to do like a costume
contest and have all my friends over and
his friends over and our family and I've
never done it we've never really had
like a party except for I think
Caitlyn's birthday parties only thing
that we've ever really done here we've
been talking about doing a Halloween
party but here's the thing is if we did
a Halloween party what do you think the
theme should be not just like kooky
Christmas no but I think it would be
cool to do like dress up as a zombie
doesn't matter what kind of zombie it is
to be an animal zombie a human zombie
could be a car as the zombie the most
unique type of zombie below
it could be a zombie themed Halloween
party like Krampus and that better watch
out I could do that but what do you
think that if we did a Halloween party
what should the theme be obviously has
to be like related to dressing up so you
have to dress up put those comments in
the section below obviously you guys
know Ali and I have been like really
trying really hard that you healthy and
exercise and all that fun stuff but
today we are breaking it but we're
making a pizza
we're totally breaking it's one of those
like flatbread pizza so it's technically
not as bad yeah anyway well we wouldn't
do it really well I think we're just
saying how like this is the healthiest
we I could felt in like a very long time
annoying it can't be like you know I
love running but here's the thing I'm
not an advocate like I'm not being paid
by Apple although I will gladly take a
check Apple but everything what was that
oh shoot cancel it cancel it I think I
just heard you had to part off slide at
the power off there you go I I was just
saying to like the Apple watch makes it
really really fun to compete for
everyone by the way that was the SOS
that was gonna call 911
luckily my phone's dead otherwise that
would have just called 9-1-1 that would
have been bad yeah I'm sorry my
wristwatch actually called you by one
who doesn't I was picking up some
groceries it's not too bad Ali is a damn
good chef here's the thing I think I can
do all that stuff but I would I do it I
do it really really poorly around at
least that way she cooks it's my way of
getting out of cooking I'll do the
dishes why do that because yeah it's
true and now I move you that you start
yeah I got a chance that's the problem
what does a minute do they put my thing
in
all right I'm gonna leave this to just
enjoy hopefully this makes you guys
super hungry what do you want go get
pizza no all right guys well I'm gonna
go make some food and I will see you
guys tomorrow have a good night bye
