now this is the first time that Charles
and Chico are gonna meet we'll see how
it goes I think it's gonna be great good
morning guys we are home we never sleep
you Travis over there so still sleepy oh
you feel okay so now I gotta find my
jacket don't wear that is never know
where anything is to tell you
let's see the bitches to beat this
bastard I guess apparently is now let's
see what we can find here missing my
jacket the Travis is moving my eyes
looking better isn't it on the bus right
now
I guess punish yourself by going to get
a big disgusting burger I don't know if
it's rewarding ourselves from punishing
ourselves thank you
so that's a completion of art of tour I
just want to say thank you to our
awesome crew was a fun tour slow clap my
lovely wife is back this is exciting as
getting on the bus for the first time
leaving the bus for the final time it's
just as exciting alright time to see my
little girl miss me
well you don't weigh your tail don't be
happy like how are you my dad he likes
you she smells old
he doesn't lick which is really good
look at all Chico sit good boy
oh there we go no putting our mouths on
people okay Sheila sit nope
Chico sit yeah do you like there is
getting brushed daddy's giving him the
brush down it's like literally taking
Zoe and Marlene and multiplying it by 10
yeah it's a little intense welcome back
to Florida right boys I actually just
bought him a GPS collar is there try to
run away but he's like he's a wandering
dog and you know because he was probably
wherever where are you going now you're
wandering as I'm trying to talk about
you because he was a wandering dog
because you know he was homeless so I
bought him a GPS collar just in case he
ever gets loose we can track him but
you're not ever gonna run away so it is
now time for the after tour shower and
maintenance and I don't mean it's
basically my nails and all that stuff
just get completely cleaned and by the
way I think this is pink eyes and I
think Nicholas Cage on my pillows gave
me pinkeye or somebody farted on my
pillow so we've decided is he's starting
to feel a little bit better and now that
I'm here
that we're gonna try to introduce them
to at least Zoe and if we can Marley
today will be one on one what do you see
Kiko you're gonna learn a lot squirrel
friend your thing okay but before that
we're just gonna lay down for just a
second
Chico you ready to meet your sister
ready potential sister maybe sister if
you guys get along you're gonna go first
we're gonna come back for you okay so
good all right there's sniffing each
others butts first encounter wonder what
Marley's gonna be like this is his first
walk though really well being a hobo
Chico so far so good
those damn pollen knowing I'm coughing
it so hmm
there you go think it's still on get her
Pete get her pee they're pretty much
one-upping each other's pee spots the
entire time which I hear is good first
encounter robbery
keeps hitting the face with her tail
yeah Marley you going for tests tomorrow
you have to do it tomorrow you have to
give him some brake street hot out okay
I have absolutely tell you brought him
well that wasn't really well actually
you excited about tomorrow yeah squeeze
glass everything oh there we go
we're raiding my eyeball so close your
eye don't put in my eye first
oh you want it in your eyes okay look to
the left ah another left one
I think partially gotten you into shoe
Hey oh boy that's why I could never have
contacts if you whoever has contacts you
were so badly oh it's so nasty swollen
weird you know it's so weird think so we
farted on my pillow
it looks like someone farting I hope you
guys like the nastiest thing what is it
that I really get it I'm not actually
sure it's I'm actually not sure at all
oh this one so this was the one I just
used on my eyeball and the other eyeball
look to the left oh my god oh it's so
Ricci your eyelashes are beautiful
though look to the left again
look up a little Oh God so we're gonna
go have an after tour dinner on the
beach how beautiful that is
it's good to be back home fellas you
guys already owe the capers the EPI okay
okay thank you
welcome been way too buddy Oh smells
good huh I like that
Caviar's I have dessert Envy I want
nerds I Danny Lindsay and I'll play
catch-up Duncan how many you got over
there buddy everything face says it all
so now I know why I wore my high socks
is now cold you know these are awesome
you guys are jealous your gel so I
awesome fancy socks you're early
what is amazing to be home hopefully
this crap will go away tomorrow I think
tomorrow we're actually gonna go
deep-sea fishing so I'll be kind of nice
to get some fresh air especially being
cooped up in the bus so if you guys are
ready to the videos don't forget to
click Subscribe and we'll see us
tomorrow as always and I think tomorrow
we're gonna test out Marley and Chico so
hopefully that goes well obviously Zooey
but you go do pretty well anyway so see
you guys tomorrow
good night toodles
but see
yeah
they'll switch
let's go
