well good morning you're in a pretty
playful mood today hi she was butt up in
the air throwing that thing around
finally figured out how to play and that
that was his bed took him a while to
realize he actually had some stuff you
enjoying that friend whoa oh wait it all
right nice work small victory can I see
they have the camera hunter every single
time stalkers on this please do
we're just hijacking this car what's
your guys names
I'm Ryan right cool Charles hey I know
y'all we're hold not to get into cars
with strangers so you guys like Palafox
and main do not hitchhike do you never
never yes
unless they're wearing your t-shirt this
is hope she walked around the corner saw
coleus sideburns and she dropped this
bowl of water like I talked about you
guys all the time so you can't go the
show though so I just decided to
improvise a juice out of what I had in
my fridge which is not much but I think
it's gonna work this way but you know
what I thought of a real test to see if
Chico can be a part of this family is
whether or not he likes carrots okay you
like that Oh
perhaps not do you like the carrot he
doesn't know what to do with it oh you
don't like it oh oh wait a minute wait a
minute I think you might be eating it
yeah no peace Oh guys you have like
carrots I don't know we're gonna do
about that there we go the tip-top of
pencil Pensacola we're dancing over
there I don't know what they're doing
sir complicated a piano is
all you got to start ripping it rip it
load them up in my van koley's now it's
another piano the can't you're doing it
wrong coy be more that yeah I'd say it
feels like you show me five we got that
the goals idols see these things you
open up Coley yeah getting done mark
just put a wig on you can start signing
for Danny you can really kick starts
career I'm editing a vlog editing but
you added another editing Targa war with
Grandma tug of war with Grandma he's
getting so good and playful he actually
hasn't had any accidents in the house
today hold on time out okay yeah he
hasn't had any accidents in the house
today which has been awesome he did ruin
a lamp yesterday and I don't even think
I showed you guys the full extent of
what he did actually he pooped in my
bathroom yesterday because I left him
alone for a little while for like 30
minutes to go and grab some food because
I didn't think it would be a big deal I
just put him in the bathroom and put his
bed in here and gave him water a couple
of toys this is what happened wah wah oh
yeah can't forget to mention that part
so I think we might have to create him
when we leave it's just impossible to
leave him in the house you know with
someone all the time there's no way that
there's always gonna be able to be
someone with him so we might have to end
up creating him and I've never done that
to a dog before I've never had to we'll
see I don't know we'll see how it goes I
feel kind of bad doing it but until he
gets used to being on his own he really
can't be out like out at all because he
does that we have six minutes till play
dry literally just smoking up
either let's do this
I just realized my fly was down the
entire show I can't put it up alright
guys well tour is over we're heading
home as you can see my eyes a little
swollen I don't know what is going on
here so I'm gonna go to bed early and I
will see you guys tomorrow
oh I will be heading home tomorrow and
get to finally see Zoey Marley and my
lovely wife and meet this little Chico
character that I've been hearing so much
about from you guys if you're brand new
to the videos please don't forget to
click that little subscribe button cuz
we do more adventures in fact I think we
were going to Japan Malaysia and
Singapore I don't know if I was supposed
to tell you guys so those videos are
coming and don't forget to subscribe
because rand-new and i'll see you guys
tomorrow as always and before us this is
the last day of the tour I got some
little special people that I can say bye
first bye I'll be the first special
person five
Wilke
with sexy
they'll switch
