good morning everyone I'm getting my
hair cut today and it's so exciting to
get your hair cut in the morning because
then you have fabulous hair all day you
don't even have to worry about it thanks
girl like magic probably film in the
ground whatever looks good thank you
honey
good morning guys we were back in
Florida I just want to show you Danny
one to get the Florida air he couldn't
open the window so he just ripped it
open like Hulk so you really wanted that
Florida air back there huh yeah it just
would slide up I knew it I told Duncan
it was made in England so remember this
venue this said venue Ali and I came up
to hang out with Boyce Avenue small
world right same place
years later tour is actually coming to
an end
Cole you excited to go home there's maro
then we have to go home until whupped
worried all the other crazy UK stuff
Ali couldn't come because she's at home
with us she'd go cuz he can't be on home
by himself with Lauren and everyone's
coming this is the worst part for
packing like getting settled and then
finding everything it was better mine
same color his the same color so weird
oh boy okay I knew I couldn't leave you
alone well I didn't leave you alone you
were the boy but still Tori Nikki came
over to hang out with him for a little
bit and this happened he has completely
soaked this lamp with B I don't know why
this lamp in particular but he peed her
right when I first brought him home and
I thought I cleaned it well enough
apparently I didn't do you love lamp I
love lamp
quick peeing on stuff you but no more
peeing in my house okay okay good boy so
here's the clean room good news of the
green room here is that there's lots and
lots of couches which is great for me so
I can take a little nap nap scape ooh
it's a word right naps keep ooh does it
matter I'm tired hi buddy it's like
every day we see you in almost exactly
the same place his balls are still a
little sad right now which sounds really
gross but it's true I've mostly just
been hanging out with him all day my mom
and dad went to Gainesville since I
haven't much time alone yet and I don't
really want to leave him for like hours
at a time so my mom and dad went up to
Gainesville to support Charles and the
boys and see the show I'm really bummed
that we aren't going but Chico and I are
cheering them on from here right Chico
are you away the Kings fan huh you like
wheat of kings so I just woke up for my
nap and here was arraigned so
get back to the bus no not getting
through boss all right I'm about the
busy Eliot miss right now literally go
joke this is how we get back to the bus
oh boy
or the stairs to the worst idea ever
how did you see Elliot do this it worked
hey Lord and Dennis got here and they're
only getting our crew drunk their rocks
would be doesn't drink one hey guys I
have to show you this is Travis Martin
but you guys you know suspense thriller
all those songs that you guys were I
always ask about I'm Travis hey that's
Travis - you were trade - this yeah I
was trying to summer - yeah - that's
dangerous close your eyes
the crew is we've gone to the biting
we'll see the wild traffic some is
desperate I put it back so it'll just be
a couple more days before he can meet
Zoey and Marley he's healing really
nicely from his surgery as you can see
he's made himself comfortable as usual
so yeah I'll just be a couple more days
and we're gonna introduce them to zou
and Mar and see how it goes
and I know you guys are really excited
for us to keep them but there's the
potential that we won't in case they
don't like each other or if really we
just don't feel like we can handle him
what is all this nonsense I know are you
protesting anything we're not gonna give
you your hide you're adorable okay never
mind we're keeping him no just kidding
we really do have to introduce him to
Zoey and Marley that's the most
important thing because they were our
pets first and I don't want it to be too
traumatic for them so I know you guys
keep asking if we're gonna keep him I
don't have the answer yet but I do have
a family who like a family friend of
mine
we'll take him if he doesn't get along
so anomalies more shake for the Internet
shake that's okay that's not what I said
shake shake good shake oh yeah oh no we
don't bite each other that's not good
news my nose is so tickly right now
who's getting healthier no just tell me
holy it's like the worst thing has a man
or you're trying to be all manly take
the word tickly what that's like I want
to just keep punching myself in the face
so he knows it's still tickling what you
do is you hear yourself twice in the
stomach and then bang your head against
the wall punch me in the face
no I think you might be the last person
that's a compliment
looks like my father-in-law what
happened to it all we found the real
rock star on the bus no idea he's the
one instigating this whole situation
right now
good flare
yeah some flavored I totally should
clearly just so people yelled it we
actually go to plan you're radiating
demon like a clambake right now so this
is my friend Nicole from high school she
was a fan a very big supporter of vibe
and suspense thriller as well as broken
image and as she's asking about the
coffins
it's hop in there try it make it one of
your friends and see about getting two
people now and you're gonna see how
comfortable it is if you close this it's
pretty nice right and then you get the
bumping the bumping of the bus and now
just don't hit your head right there the
only thing is like it would happen every
day right my brother streaming on Twitch
right now and my friend yogi and my
friend Cory are dressing up and they
went over to my brother's house to scare
him let's watch so Duncan this up with
five star pizza like literally when I
was in college this is all I it's like
the cheapest crappiest pizza but it just
looks so good alright guys well that's
wet
my socks or don't win I just want to say
good night and it's good to be back in
Florida literally had one more day left
of torque so I just want to say hope you
guys enjoyed today's video don't forget
to subscribe has a brand new I'll see
guys smiles always little inducible boy
so it's hard for me to say Jules they
watch me hit someone
alright guys
with sexy
they'll switch
