good morning internets it is actually
morning and I am actually supposed to be
turning let's see driving let's do it I
am currently on my way to the vet to get
my dear friend Chico's balls cut off
there's not really a nicer way to say
that yeah there is I'm taking him to get
neutered no kind of bad actually I feel
really bad because you know he's gonna
be basically a different man from now on
just with the situation that I found him
in I really don't want something like
that to happen to another poor puppy
that gets lost and not taken care of it
always makes me think of The Price is
Right you guys ever watched that shown
at the very end Bob bark used to go help
control the pet population have your pet
spayed or neutered and like ever since I
was a little kid that totally stuck with
me I was like yes okay I will do that
I'm not a hundred percent sure what
we're gonna do with him and just yet I
don't think keeping him is a feasible
situation for us at the moment he hasn't
actually met Zoey and Marley yet so
we'll kind of see how that develops but
the truth is the Charles is on tour a
lot I travel a lot for my job and
because I like to sew whatever animal we
take on is also the responsibility of my
parents because they typically watch our
dogs for us when we travel so that would
mean that at any given moment my mom and
dad would have five pets in their house
which would be just a little bit insane
the truth of the matter is I want him to
be able to get the attention and love
that he deserves and that might be as a
single pet you know what I mean who
knows we are in Charleston South
Carolina
that's a beautiful town so peaceful
pollute see things are cool like if it's
just a new here but now they have
something what am i phrase that now time
okay ever bluetooth is never cool you
guys remember that tore the demi-tour
where we just had pigeons all over the
bus got the whole world in your hands
hitting and it's a bar next level dude
it's what we need Bruno Mars where are
we
we're in the south robert e lee town
just hit him in the head right in the
face
the striking track he wants to play so
bad crazy i got a boo-boo
anyway hi I took a nap after I brought
the dog to the VEX it was super early
but look who I brought home with me
I write to good homie hi we missed you I
went to shake shake good shake
they've been smelling everywhere in the
house they still haven't met Chico yet
and she Co haven't met them but I just
brought them home so they could be here
for a little while Zoe what are you
doing he's still smelling that so you
have a brother
he's my Chico pickle oh she's like mom
you don't know when you're embarrassing
me they missed you in the vlog so so
yeah basically you guys have had puppy
vacay puppy vacay grandma grandpa's but
hopefully they'll be able to come home
soon now that he's fixed it'll just take
him a couple days to heal
give me a meaty shut up okay well okay
okay well no I didn't say that he was my
favorite I just said he's gonna stay
with us for a little bit
Wow Marley you know how to deal with
other dogs that's not nice so it's the
first time I've actually shaved for a
tire tour and just looked at myself in
the air I was like gotta do it TMI be
vods I'm still fighting off this damn
cold I just want to say I appreciate all
you guys just doing the fist bumps and
understanding that I couldn't tell my
blood
for the findings meetups and stuff like
that but we do have the bean greets
inside us to be sure to go say hi to
Nick and then we comply say hi then but
yeah actually why on chemotherapy I have
two or three college shows and I'm
trying to convince Aly that I'll be able
to do them so I want to make sure I'm
super healthy all right here he is
hi baby oh okay he goes I'm taking off
home or even he's been hitting his head
on everything he's a little disoriented
at the moment where you going
lost cause I think think Sophie's better
than all of us Travis gave me this lunch
bonus but I didn't necessarily eat it
right away he's taking it back but he's
taking it back now he's hungry yeah
that's kind of that's right I think
that's kind of up
I gave we don't just your friends food
there's like bread about to dude oh
you're awake now I thought you was just
leaving
hey Chico people are you being a good
boy he's so sweet
he's just been passed out as hold on
what are you doing in there can give us
the best hugs he's such a good boy he
doesn't lick at all which I'm not used
to because Zoey and Marley would lick
your face until it melted off
he just hugs like he's so precious I'm
finding it more and more impossible to
not keep this doll all right and you're
licking your balls we're just gonna look
away or I should say he's looking where
his balls used to be it had to be done
was this your relaxation position so
just how we chill together this dog is
the friggin sweetest oh thank you I was
like getting ready for the Europe tour
and I was getting ready I was looking
right cuz you're always supposed to look
right before you look laughs and I don't
know why it looks right and a car was
coming right here and almost took out my
knee Oh Charles ttan by the way we have
the same name you know that no that's my
town I'm very hyper right now I just had
some tea
no one's seen yet super Sneaky so
everyone keeps asking me on Twitter
about Chico and yes of course I know
about Chico Alli she'll be the doorman
videos that she rescued which i think is
such an awesome thing that she was able
to do that anyway so he got his balls
cut off today's when I hear and here's
gonna be good in a couple days
which is insane to think about that his
balls got removed in like three days to
be okay
and I know a lot of people are asking me
what I think I honestly obviously had
never met the puppy he looks like an
awesome dog but the ultimate test is
going to be making sure that Zoe and
Marlon get along with him and I mean who
knows we might have the new member of
the CTFxC family what do you guys think
you think Chico is pretty cool but yes I
do know about Chico a lot of people
would say Natalie tell you our Chico of
course you did OK ROCK in there I'm
going instead I'm ready occupation time
double duncan vision cameras phones
wallets what else
this morning I woke up oh so tired
I caught him pebbles what I call you
dorks babbles sorc pebbles get it cuz
new rock dork pebbles oh my god go to
the wienie King show I did they sucked
the drummer was all thanks player was
really amazing I just wanted to say I
appreciate Duncan so much good job buddy
thank you sir you know I asked for the
sweater not to selling these everyone
went up to the bar so that means I have
an hour for quiet bus time so I'm
watching one of the greatest movies ever
Air Force One
just want to say good night guys and I
hope you guys enjoyed today's video
don't forget to subscribe because our
brand new and I'm sorry that I didn't
take the night to about yesterday but
I'm so tired I fell asleep sorry ever
supporters can't get some button so see
you guys tomorrow as always don't forget
to subscribe because rain do you have a
great night
can't wait to see what you did
with sexy
who else with me
