good morning guys I almost lost my voice
yesterday but we are in Washington DC so
coolly and I in Chaves we are gonna go
check out the White House if you can
figure out where we're at which way is
the White House food borne newborn dip
that it's slowly :
meeting with the president drive up to
the front just to the front say we have
a meeting We The Kings as a meeting that
said we were here in the vlogs
it was the Jon Stewart rally thing was
the rally to restore sanity how that
squirrel get over there so if you're a
squirrel you can just go there wherever
you want
there we go that's where Channing Tatum
drove around makes more sense now coy go
knock on the door
yeah thanks video brought to you by
whoever bait Olympus has fallen I think
I was just in like 15 unintentional
photos right there photo bombing
everybody now I was looking at this old
building and turned around and there's
this is Stephanie and Monica I was like
oh my god nice shirt or sweater good
hello everyone we are taking Chico to
the vets I'm gonna get him checked out
right Chico don't I hide back there
buddy
so he's been quite the handful this
morning the vlog was late yesterday I'm
really sorry about that he tried to run
away twice he peed all over my house I
was trying to not keep him in the
bathroom because every time I put him in
my bathroom he would just cry and cry
and cry cuz I don't know anything about
his health situation so I didn't want to
let him roam free in my house and you
know cuz I have two dogs so I just
wanted to make sure that he was all
right before I kind of let him you know
have free rein of everything but he is a
peer
and he's not neutered so he's a little
bit fast I think he's still really young
but he's a good boy he's he's probably
had pretty traumatic experience so we're
just trying to take care of and make
sure he's all right he being good to go
you like the car ride so this is Chico's
first vet visit as far as we know he's
freaking out a little bit there are some
unhappy puppy noises it's okay Bubba
don't worry about it so you have the
official assessment I guess that he was
about 70 pounds and maybe a year old the
official event assessment is 67 pounds
in 13 months so not too far off
he's a total spaz but he's so cute Chico
you're just going to have to come buddy
look this is the dolphin Jeremy go get
him oh there's leaking and there's a
monument and there's a reflecting pond
is this where Jenny from Forrest Gump
went into the water Daniel day-lewis as
Lincoln up there - such a good sculpture
in this temple as in the hearts of the
people I can't do it Cole is the adult
is this like shaking his head making
sure everybody doing it safely the
Vietnam Memorial he's all name actually
perished in the Vietnam War
it's just a beautiful Monument these are
all names insane think about did you
guys see all the tripods up there with
his diapers yeah I go he was up there a
second ago
so we are playing at the 9:30 club today
I just wanted to show you guys a venue
it's pretty awesome-looking you're
supposed to be getting a bath
oh my gosh you guys I feel like I'm on a
makeover show so if you thought he was
cute before brace yourselves for what he
looks like now look he was like black on
his paws as I was getting more that I
was like why is my water brown and then
I realized it wasn't my water it was the
water coming off of his body poor guy
was filthy and he's flea-ridden so I got
him some flea stuff and I actually just
give me a minute I'm gonna dry him off
and then we'll talk about what the
backside huh I'm out of breath that was
one of the most difficult bats I've ever
had to do watched it like five times
head to toe way to go buddy
spot a complete this is how we're
hanging out now you're making it really
hard not to want you for every little
kid I do love you you're clearly a
little snuggle muffin you were just
mistreated huh I'm gonna pass out on
camera so everybody falls in love with
you
mmm I can't get over this look I brought
soup Jack we brought me soup al you
can't say that I'm not trying to take
care of somebody here because I got soup
so we got beer chips and soup welcome to
the bus Koli Hunter and Danny invented a
new drinking game for cops very basic
rules if there's if there's drugs
involved you drink if there is dog
vehicle you don't recall a drink if they
run you have to continue to drink until
they catch him if they said it do it
or I didn't do anything you drink they
said what did I do and get a drink if
the was wrong but whatever weapons
involve you drink yeah
you're evolving drugs drink how come
that's always the number one things I'm
holding for somebody else
hit the camera no it's just the same
things gonna happen here
oh oh I'm kidding oh you're good
tug-of-war player huh oh oh oh
oh yeah you know what's funny there's no
Marley here to bite him you know how she
always attacks whenever anyone's having
any fun Marley's there to ruin it so
here's what's going on he did not have a
microchip that was the first thing that
we did was scan him to see if any
information came up he doesn't have
anything
he had no like no markings know
anything's no tags no notes there was
nothing left he was just tied up I left
a note on the poll saying please contact
me if this was your dog and you just
were stupid and left it there I don't
know what I was supposed to say but I
basically just you know like tried to
make sure that there was no one that
wanted this dog what it looks like right
now and from what I when I asked the vet
and told him the situation they said
he's probably not no one's coming back
for him which is really sad so we're
gonna get him fixed tomorrow I'm hoping
that will kind of calm him down a little
bit cuz he's a little rowdy he's been
peeing all over everything and that's I
think just scent marking I don't
necessarily think that he's not
housebroken I think he's just kind of
spastic then after he's neutered I'm
going to give him a couple more days to
kind of just chill out and heal and then
we're gonna try to introduce him to Zoey
and Marley so we'll see how that goes
but for now I'm basically just fostering
and because you know somebody really
wants a puppy then I would like him to
have a good home but for now I don't
really want to leave him in a shelter so
he's just gonna stay with us buddy
Chico what's on your back I can't even
look he's like a totally different dog
he's like pure white he's beautiful your
hairy toe I
a whole bunch more hair my gosh ah look
at this look at the hold on give me one
second
oh no no don't oh that's from that
five-second thing I just did I couldn't
rip it that back on there so remember
when we thought that Zoe Marly shed a
lot won't check this out
it's stealing
um this was not a good idea to do this
indoors note to self never again Holy
Mother of God
where does all this hair coming from
Chicco
remember that Duncan when you thought
girls have cooties well honestly I do
know and I still don't really know what
that word means that was such a us thing
really like cooties was I would see you
don't like Saved by the Bell nothing you
know what cooties ever translates always
in a world virus no I don't really know
what it meet yeah is it difficult I
think it's like a joke I don't know I
don't really honestly know now for
example you have cooties
yeah because Duncan never had cooties
over in the England yeah was it a world
epidemic no it was just just in the
nation in the u.s. you had cooties
because you're disgusting okay now I
have cooties Grey
with CTFxC
who else with chops it
