good morning everyone text message it is
today after playlist and I am recovering
and it is intense
bunch of bums bunch of lazy bones so
basically the weather is really crappy
today I'm gonna try and just mostly get
my errands done I'm probably not gonna
be in the vlog a whole lot today and I'm
sorry about that but I'm just trying to
catch up on a bunch of stuff apologies
for that this is gonna be mostly
Charles's day off day day yeah we'll
catch back up tomorrow good morning guys
day off
day off we are in from the hills
I think Pittsburgh birthday off are you
kidding me I'm gonna go down there now
dammit dammit dammit dammit it's gonna
be a good day because I just realized
today the cookies hotel so I go
downstairs get some cookies this is
weird it's just walked in and we're on
the fifth floor Mountains so I'm gonna
make a lot of friends on the tour bus
look at this I got like 15 cookies now
get up for dessert hey Duncan yeah I'm
with self sell it for shower bags on
Warped Tour today's our day off
everyone's just lounging Nate's just
chilling like that like Burt Reynolds
over here it's kind of suck somebody off
days off because I always feel like I'm
not doing anything productive but it is
good for your brain like he mentioned so
just the chill we're trying to find the
as you can see he's got the bats we're
trying to find the wiffle balls they
have nothing but water so we don't have
our wiffle balls so we have these balls
and I'm gonna be trying to film it on
this because you know why not I got the
things on the road let's try it
try it Oh like that is a hope though the
backs up sing this and fly it off do you
in tumble they've got you buddy I hate
stop recording for a second which is a
bad idea
before you start tumbling toss down the
Google glass
I love you Bracey Thank You Bracy
just a couple of guys going to the mall
together it's small madness we're gonna
go chick surfing I'm gonna give me a
skateboard that if I miss his rock she's
in Florida this we gotta find mrs. Nate
mrs. Nick and mrs. Nate and figure out
this is a headband or a top
I think it's an iPad an eyepatch was try
it
all the sales that look for the arrows
dude you found it walk around stores
like this they go around corners and
walk out really fast asleep there's
nothing under here come on job you can
do it buddy there's wherever then I used
to be a catcher actually hang tight all
right now I'm gonna Pelt the baseball at
your face actually wanna throw a
baseball I like this it works would you
buy an Iraqi I bought me a skateboard
and a zoomies do a kickflip I don't do
flips but you do
Dolly's got you in Holly Holly zoo that
Holly have you think this is the worst
we've done all day sir
sir no it's cool he bought it at a
different story we were walking around
the mall what's your name Jen Jen Rina
as we were just leaving this goddess
with the shirt and everything he's like
a kid he's our kid he's our big baby
come here nerd rock put your helmet back
on good you stink
yeah I don't know she ate a few
definitely need more attention mug dink
oh me too can I come to that mmm
fuzzy Halloween
your problem Louise your Duncan and then
hundo over here kicking his legs then
Ryan tour-bus baseball our time is kind
of funny I'm in a hotel room right now
watching the vlog I know the vlog is
definitely an entertainment source for
you guys but it also is a way for me to
find out what's going on on the other
side of the world this how I see what's
going on with Ali and the dogs when I'm
on tour so it's kind of cool I'm
literally watching it right now oh that
was so funny yesterday if you did not
see that yesterday go watch yesterday's
vlog I actually just rewatched right
just filmed and I just noticed because
I'm tired do you guys see this little
thing like this little indentation of my
face when I was little there's like a
woods in my back yard my parents
backyard and for some reason there was
beer bottles back there and I took a
stick and I thought it'd be I thought it
would be awful a good idea to hit him I
hit the beer bottles with a stick it
shot up and hit me right there like a
piece of glass he made no joke right
there luckily not blind not close
stupid Charles so if you guys have ever
wondered what the imitation of my right
eye was that's what it is in person I
swear it's not that bad alright guys I
am getting ready to go to bed like I
said earlier I've just mostly been
recovering from a playlist it was kind
of a rough day I didn't get home till
super late or well super early
technically today
I kind of slept it off I didn't sleep
much this weekend I don't think many of
you did either it was kind of a
whirlwind it was great again thank you
to Eileen and to playlist and everybody
who made that happen it was spectacular
and I had a blast with all of you guys
it's just kind of been raining all day
and it's just kind of been crappy so
hopefully tomorrow is gonna be better
and I've got most of my errands and
everything done so that's great news so
to make it up to you guys I
I'm going to post my Japan Hall tomorrow
no way today today tomorrow what the
hell is going on so go ahead and check
that out I know you guys have been
asking about it and I really appreciate
how excited you are it was a really fun
video to make I got a lot of really cool
stuff from Japan and it's so nice to
have those pieces with me to remind me
of that time there so go ahead and check
that out it's going to be live on my
channel it's youtube.com slash Ally
alright guys thanks again for watching
be sure to subscribe if you haven't
already and we'll see you tomorrow as
always good night guys doodles
so nice and clean gonna go back to the
bus and go to sleep
anyway so who guys enjoyed today's video
I will see you guys tomorrow as always
don't forget to subscribe if you guys
are brand new to the insanity that is
the CTFxC and I will see you guys
tomorrow
good night
with sexy
vexy
they'll switch
