good morning guys so this happened last
night earlier this morning
I think you're bracing yourself to it
okay hug out just typical bus life where
is he there he is
I have the shakes now how you feeling
I've had better years so now I'm like
laundry Santo right now I just go with
my beau laundry room oh there we go
laundry oh no how do I do this guy
usually does it do I just put it in
laundry somebody got me welcome to the
club man nice to have you thank you
we'll get you your membership card
Zelda though is it better that's true
all right doing right now and oh and
there's another baby just baby the baby
the baby for Tara backstage at playlist
live oh god that scariest thing I've
ever seen
oh my god hey wait can we can we take a
selfie
it makes noise like my worst nightmare
and ever done on camera well no I done a
lot of other girls thing so that was
unintentionally disgusting oh yeah we
just basically finished I had a panel
this morning it went really well
completely forgot to give the camera to
someone to film that terrible blogger I
know sorry about that
Oh Lindsey's got it good vlogger yeah
yeah it was great and I just want to say
thank you so much to everybody who came
out to see the panel it was awesome you
guys were very sweet you had some really
good questions I was actually really
proud because that's one of the things
that makes me the most nervous about
doing the panel isn't the actual part
where they talked to us it's the part
where they do like the crowdsource for
questions cuz I'm afraid no one is gonna
want to talk to us I was just terrified
that like no one would raise their hand
when they said if there any questions
from the audience but there were so
thank you guys so much for that
also thank you to everybody who came out
to the meetup yesterday it was a
spectacular yeah if you're like there's
like a like a myth or like a thing they
always put one light in the middle of
the theater when everything's off attack
Travis calling out really it's like a
pitch-black room we were like spirits if
you're here they could touch Travis in
the but these are the little of the
images that show up it's exactly that
what's it for though a ghost light and
eliminating into empty stage notes even
creepier when : arrow in that dark room
earlier and I was like pretty much
conjuring the spirit you know if you're
in here make a sound do something
nothing happen we walked out and it
smelt like dying flesh like like old
meat did he's right about that
alright the descriptions not that scary
what to say mainly for safety pics this
is the funny part about doing laundry
and chores is that you find change and
just guitar
takes it away there we go the rock just
pointed out we're like a city's kind of
like Pawnee so we're trying like Indiana
person recreation go get some waffle
some waffles some whipped cream and
waffles I want to meet Ann Perkins how
do you do
have you heard mouse rat so good are
they playing tonight so Nate has the
CTFxC even saying hi to you yeah basic I
doing the sound so when we sound good
it's him so I don't know if anyone's
ever watched Bruins cheering the new
batch but there is still one gremlin
that's alive and it's in the electrical
circuits and sometimes that gremlin you
know likes to go we haven't gotten a new
bus yet work or bus will get rid of that
hopefully no gremlins yeah what do we
sound bad it's gremlins it's not the
band it's not me it's not nerd raucous
gremlins bad babe no oh my cousin cam is
leaving I'm so happy you got to stay
though how was your first playlist it
was fine with it off though you guys are
really cool oh we're so cool like well
like we do things like this
let's make us look cooler girl group hug
Bridgette born I've never called him on
Warren in my life
I wanna like everyone's face but I
didn't I got that from Jay that's the
trick from shaycarl okay so what just
happened well okay tell you the full
story so Gina comes in the room she goes
into the bathroom and she goes um Ali
first of all I hear my body late of the
cameras going on and she goes can you
hand me a tampon I'm like how am I gonna
get my bag what would be the reason I'm
gonna go um yeah you can get it yourself
because I just like no I know what
you're doing but I didn't know was in
there I thought it was something was
gonna scare me this may be even worse
what do you got there sir something I'm
not just shoot you in the face with oh
so you can hit the lens right here
I will never bad call a bad Cooley we
are adults yes there we go guys ever
wonder what it's like to be on this tour
bus that's it take a preschool now the
responsible adults doing our own laundry
what we do oh yeah tour is pretty uh
free hardcore you're perfect fold over
there I can't do it what are you doing
over there nerd oh man it smells like
fart over here
yes so I'm just taking a nap and I just
was talking to my buddy over here DVP
son you're gorgeous buddy just call my
wife I see this Oh
the Kings literally we just got off
stage and this is happening I just want
a glass of red wine this weekend was so
awesome I got to see a lot of people
that I haven't been able to see in a
really long time and I got to meet a ton
of CTFxC ders you guys are amazing all
right guys I'm gonna go to sleep but
first I want to show you the little
munchkins Miley's over here being lazy
hi am i we have seen you in new videos
in a few days I'm happy to be home when
do you learn me I miss them so so so
much it's hard for me to sleep without a
dog crammed against my butt
it's that sounds weird but you know what
I mean if you have a dog she's too happy
right now
are you happy your sister's coming to
attack you watch out
welcome to the vlogs again Joey we miss
you we missed your face we missed your
butt too all right guys so that's it I
am going to bed I'll see you guys
tomorrow as always we love you very much
thank you so much for watching us and
supporting us and all that good stuff
bye this lab 2014 in the bag that's
funny you put a camera to anyone it's
always
we're sexy
they'll switch
let's go
