good morning guys day 2 at playlist and
I have a couple of hotel rooms next door
to each other and I just realized that I
left a lot of my stuff in the other room
so I'm gonna run down the hallway in a
towel really quickly it's a short
distance we'll make it is there anyone
there good morning did not find my
wallet but this is what I woke up poor
Hondo watching one of the greatest
movies ever still feeling bad you got
food poisoning from the greatest food
ever macaroni and cheese it's gonna be
haunting Sofie has it too so poor guys
the devil food well that's not it but
still unfortunately not found my wallet
so that means I wasn't able to go to
playlist which when I woke up this
morning I was really extremely bummed
out I was like one of those things I
woke up in my bunk and I was expecting
to be my hotel thank you for the
courtesy going under there beats it you
distract the shout okay but I guess the
good news is don't get to see all you
guys at the show and everything Coley's
dickballs right now it's all I'm not
gonna panic
that's what Ali does - it's like a
hottest thing a girl can do is wear a
long t-shirt what I'm saying is not
relevant to like oh he's doing alright
we are out to breakfast at Cracker
Barrel and look I just arrived so here
you go
your badge of courage and I'm officially
hungry and I'm gonna pass out so we're
getting some food this is kind of a
tradition actually we come to Cracker
Barrel every single time I'm very
excited I think I need a little bit of a
mistake because every single one of
those plates belongs to me I think this
is where we're supposed to play so would
you guys come
you
where we go Danny it took me three tries
but this door it's not then I went over
there it's not this little this is
emergency exit opening all right Danny's
making me film him doing this so
everyone doesn't think he just plays
video games all day
he works out too he's forcing me to do
this donuts and bring it back and eat it
right here has anyone seen us yet have
you seen this man Dean highly dangerous
alias nerd rock
hey that's us what town is it about what
town is this where are we from
Bloomington so since I don't have my
wallet still Travis's treating me to a
little lunch
hey guys it's the Travis in Charles oh
this place actually it's called reality
bites we actually were walking around
for a long time and we met some of the
people Isabel and Terry from the other
bands they told us to come here and
halfway here I was like oh my god I
don't have my wallet you know it's all
about having your brothers back
it's true now it's my turn we're we're
no longer like dealing with the
currencies his work tours coming up now
we're all dealing with a solar panel
marketing system ears down yeah so
anyway it's still gonna be looking for
my wallet
Ali's at a playlist live meeting all you
guys and again I am so sorry but again
they poke my brain twice so I'm allowed
to bring this to the bus do we really
want to do this there we go it's
Christmas four people walked by
Christmas
okay we're going on an awesome gas
powered with what's your name John with
John John is taking us around he's had a
very long day of driving all kinds of
crazy people all crazy places are you
are you video bombing you don't go
people so we're actually going over to
see Shea right now and I'm real excited
I'm gonna Steel's baby he doesn't know
that yet but it's gonna be awesome
wait I need to know your brew truck
where you wanna be in it hey everybody
Harley or just hang out like you kid an
ally my friend's girl wife look at him
staring yesterday you pick daddy get
kisses yeah there you go guys hi yeah
Charles why'd you lose your wallet
you're in trouble I'm mad at you right
now child we're fighting like what this
is the first baby that I've ever seen
him hold Charlie oh yeah he didn't have
a choice I just threw a minute
all right we're just hanging out you
know
Kenseth what's going on
there's my mom and dad there's my wife
nice brother Logan coming over
everywhere hey hey he loves his dad hey
you look good one of those Ali Charles
you should get your wife's pregnant I'm
editing another man's plan it's like
there's notching or something it just
sounds like that by the way if you guys
went in sald Nick at the merch table
it's not no it's no one's field so today
has been a really kind of tiresome
boring day whoo Antiques so I spend
chilling in the green room watching a
bunch of Netflix movies if you guys
didn't know Netflix is a sponsor of the
CTFxC if you go to Netflix COMSAT CTFxC
links down there you can your free trial
on a snare draw watching Netflix what
are you doing
wanting to talk to the future mrs. Rock
they're the future mrs. rocked out
potentially potentially ladies is almost
off the market now almost we're gonna
get ready our space lights so Duncan
Travis and I ran in front of the line
backward and the problem was I
accidentally pulled a kohli and deleted
everything off my files however Travis
has them so we will briefly go and do it
again the bed
bloggers getting ready to say hi to the
line but we're gonna go in the back so
they're not gonna see us until it's too
late
I got Charles I want who's not as as
famous as Duncan wait what do you want
do I wanted to go to the antique store
you're no longer in the band
it's wrapped all the way around the
building - Duncan get captured
hey Ella do you want to tell the
Internet goodnight say goodnight
Internet too funny I'm funny you're
funny I'm fired
Oh goodnight Internet I got stuff fired
say poop it's time to end the vlog and I
just want to say thank you to everyone
who still came out to the show I hope
you guys are having fun time and
playlist and I hope to see you guys all
at the shows and I love you guys so much
thank you guys for all the love and the
support it's been so awesome meeting
guys again don't forget to subscribe you
guys are brand new and I'll see you
tomorrow
you see what you did
so else with me
let's go
