good morning guys just dropped Ali off
at her nephew's first birthday I had to
go do a couple other things so right now
honestly I grew up in this whole area
and it used to be I hate to be that
personal I could use we all cow pastures
and you know farm lands now it's this
whole like community and the problem
with that all that kids about so just
look at this big jump kid was about to
jump off a bridge I don't know if you
can see it but we're saying is that this
whole area is that what like being
developed so the maps have no idea where
anything is so Ali and I might be
exaggerating this drew drove around in
circles for twenty minutes long story
short I know that's boring
Ali's add to her nephews birthday I got
to go drive and get some things done and
as you can tell I'm back to 60 frames
per second because I asked you guys on
Instagram to vote and a lot of guys the
other day I just loved it I know it
might be a little bit weird to get used
to but I just feel like it's just like
if I go like this watch.watch all good
it is like a slow-motion
this less blur yeah just thought I'd say
it again because I just I like it and
you guys pretty much said I should be
doing it anyway so
that's solely cuz like two giant horses
we're family
one thing I do hate about me out in the
countries that everyone drives like a
bunch of jerks this person now know if
you can see that can you see him right
into my ass did what am i asked you know
it's like one of those things I wish I
had like you know what dragsters had the
parachute I could just hit a button and
the parachute go off and is it the wind
she oh right so actually some of you
guys might judge me on this one but I
think it's so funny when somebody does
this what I do is I turned off my back
windshield wipers watching what they do
it right now first it's like yeah yeah
back off now
it's like everything because I literally
that person just backed off because it
just gets wait water all over them it's
like a passive-aggressive way to to do
things and I probably shouldn't do that
and I probably shouldn't have a cake but
it makes me laugh and it's better than
flicking somebody off which I feel like
it's very stupid because you never know
crazy yeah at any rate I just gave that
person a free car wash we are off to
birthday we're having a first birthday
party I just realized that I am right
around the corner from my high school
and everything I didn't recognize it
because everything is completely
different so I figured since I'm so
close I haven't been here when I
graduate high school a long time ago
that I would just kind of swing by and
just see what it looks like now because
I'm pretty sure it changed completely so
you guys ready to go see my high school
I'm just getting flashbacks Sophie
driving in my old car with my sister and
her friend in the back because I was
older so I had to drive my sister a
friend in school this this road right
here let me show you right okay this
road would always be backed up with kids
like driving it was miserable it was
like LA traffic oh it's a handicapped
spot now that's where I used to have
right there under the tree but I guess
they turn it into a handicap which
doesn't make sense because the school is
way over there that is the furthest you
can possibly be all right this is gonna
be one of those nostalgic days here's
the football stadium I only went to
football games I'm not even kidding I
had a girlfriend who was a cheerleader
that was the only reason why I would
ever go to a football game they ever
went here or I never went to a game kind
of cool though
where else can I go the racquetball
courts I can't wait till you guys are
old enough to feel things I feel
slightly creepy if this was like a
weekday feels super creepy but since
there's no one really here
whatever I remember a couple times oh
here's here's a fun little story
actually this is an insane memory I'm
having right now this Media Center was
the first time I ever used Google right
there because they used to for the
longest time teach you how to use Yahoo
and then Google came out and I remember
that is insane that's where it all
started please for me I mean thinking
back Wow weird where I used to get in a
lot of trouble my old high school you
can sit in that office quite a lot I
don't remember what I used to do but I
just remember getting sent here a lot
massive which has a drone I could fly
the drone we could've saw the inside of
it but I don't think actually I didn't
think I was gonna come here there it is
guys is where it all started so my
senior year was very unique I was in
what was called what was it the work
release program basically when you're a
senior you can get out of how many
credits but you would go to work you
would get out class so that was your
that was your class so here's the thing
I went okay I don't know if I ever told
you guys this my old band in 2003 was on
Warped Tour
so that was between my junior and senior
year of high school so I used to work at
a telemarketing company I don't know if
I ever said that I probably did a long
time ago so I
job and it was all ready for this
work-release thing I went on tour so I
quit my job on a tour started my senior
year didn't tell anyone that the cat
fired or I quit my job and get fired I'm
not no joke for I think was half the
year they I was getting A's for that
class I had no idea the guy I never told
him and then they found out that I got
fired so I had to basically fill up how
many pairs you have like three or four
or five how many is like six I don't
remember I had to fill out half of my
schedule with random class as to what I
did no joke I had and this is probably
why I love computers so much I had an
art class and our teacher was so cool
was miss Forsythe no miss Forsyte I
think it was she was so cool she was
basically let me chilled me a classroom
and she would just give me a is cuz I
would help her with stuff all Macintosh
computers they were the iMac computers
you know the colorful ones all in one
that's where I started using Mac's and
that's where this is all weird this
probably means nothing to you guys this
is more I guess for me and kind of look
oh there's a cafeteria but coming back
to my story I just walked around campus
my senior year half the class half the
day pretty much I'll go to three or four
classes the rest of it I would just walk
around aimlessly around campus just
killing time pretending like I know what
I was doing I had no idea but I got ace
and I felt super cool that I went on
tour the Warped Tour and then started my
senior year I was cool I really wasn't I
was a big nerd but yeah alright let's
keep this going
yep the cafeteria yeah that right there
you can see a little bit more into the
school how big it was now it was two
stories I can't remember I was like
trying to figure out where I can
actually you know kind of go and show
you guys a little bit better and I
remembered no joke I remembered these
things behind the racquetball courts I
was like Oh that'll be the place to go
okay I think I've seen enough and I
think you guys guys got to see where I
came from where my old high school was I
actually think there's a couple of you
guys that are actually from this high
school as well and be kind of cool to
meet samhitas dear Erica do you go here
I literally was just saying you'd be
cool to meet somebody from here yeah
Erica's very nice meeting you what's
your name Gary did you ever play
racquetball do you guys still play
racquetball here I'm trying to figure
out things that still happen here do
people still go canoeing in that River
like for PE class really they used to
like make this canoe and then that's
actually I got a boaters license he's
learning how to canoe in that thing Wow
that's all I did I could operate a boat
at 16 years old it's kind of messed up
and then I remembered they used to the
reason why I asked is they used to make
you flip the canoe so you can get back
in and in between classes it was great
it's wonderful it's totally cool I
forgot to tell you guys about that one
okay so that's funny I literally was
just saying that would be funny too so I
got those stickers everywhere that it
wouldn't funny to meet one of you guys
that actually goes to the school and
rate when I was walking around the
racquetball courts Erika found me coming
back to where I was saying is I'll show
you guys the pond they used to have PE
class in there at a canoeing section one
of the stipulations was that I didn't go
to the gym a surf rock over the gym one
of the things that you could do is that
when you get to the canoeing section is
that you can technically get a boaters
license for canoeing and then at 16
years old like I just said I was able to
operate a boat legally I couldn't I
couldn't drive a boat
I can barely canoe to get that license
so that you would have to tip the boat
and fall into this lake or this pond
this pond okay so Florida's alligators
everywhere how do we know there was an
alligator in there we had to tip it and
then get back into the boat
to get an egg so if you didn't want to
do that you didn't pass it's kind of
messed up right there's Jim please the
entrance again the only reason why
everyone went to a basketball game was
because like I said said cheerleader did
football but they also did you know
obviously basketball so naturally being
a very supportive person that I am
dragged myself to both sporting events
because you guys know I'm not a very big
sports person that that was the
basketball gym and then that's the
football stadium and my battery's about
to die so this is bad all right I think
I've seen enough oh I do remember this
this is where I used to sneak out of
class because they didn't ever have like
a security person there personnel so
what when I was doing that whole like
you know walk-around thing I would go
out those doors I would sneak out and
run off to my car cuz but since my car
was way in the far back they would never
be able to see me because I would zigzag
through everything I was kind of bad in
high school here before before things
get really weird or creepier than
already is probably okay I'm gonna love
my coming back that's the lake I was
talking about it's pretty sketchy all
right can't believe they had us do that
another three mile run I didn't be the
last time but yeah actually I came out a
10th of it too short I did 3.2 I love
how this does over my hair I didn't 3.2
so you won't play too so I like how your
brain is as big as that cat
kids up
in very respectful self
this is like the greatest invention ever
going back to the whole thing of today's
video I remember having one of these and
that's actually why one of the times I
went to the office they got in trouble
was I was playing with one of these in
school it's actually kind of funny now
I'm playing with them on the internet
and thousands of people are watching me
do it and they're teasing my animals
especially that idiot and that idiot
well that was a surprise
