good hello everyone I'm going to play
this live today it is the day of the
ominous and long-awaited
in a bad way event of packing turn that
thing off
I'm so bad at packing I I just I can't
consolidate things I I do have really
distinct ideas about most things that
I'm going to wear but then there are the
select few things that I really don't
know what I'm going to do about most of
most of which are daytime outfits and
then there's this problem all of this is
happening right now
wait good morning guys can you hear that
the coughs are starting to come on the
bus poor Danny what's that somebody
else's TV Danny is working on the Kings
carriage you guys can't see it yet that
is gross
talk that you like to eat poop
I did your radio interview for you they
were like it's Travis okay and I'm like
yeah he lost his voice he does it all
the time
keep the hide he fell into a canyon so
we're playing stuff on my cat and
basically right now we've got faster
furious happening
how did Coco see finally she really
doesn't care put more on her are you
little poopers gonna be good while I'm
gone you better you better be good
they're totally yeah she's totally not
there she goes
freaking out already we are officially
headed to playlist now I've spent the
entire day packing like a crazy person
and now we are hitting the road
officially he's always peeing she's
excited too a lot of people have already
gotten there can't wait people are
texting me it's all very exciting that
sounded so lame I have friends and
they're talking to me this is why you
can't get cold muffins he just eats the
tops of muffins and leaves everyone the
bottom of muffins rude I'll get around
to the bottom I just was talking to Nick
and Ryan I didn't even realize this but
that's snow right there I just walked by
like it was nothing I was just like I
gotta get to the venue realizing I just
now was walking past no kind of looks
like somebody just dumped the ice bin
outside or something like that I'm from
Florida you can make fun of me alright
Danny just a shower he doesn't want to
go back out the snow so he's paying me
ten dollars so good at get him a fresh
pair of socks at his phone easiest money
I've ever made my entire
I don't want your money though I'm
trading it in for two
shower bags that worked or one shower
bag as a deal I feel like this is the
world's best snowball I've ever made it
comes apart so when it hit somebody
doesn't hurt doesn't knock them out so
I'm just waiting for Danny or somebody
we've got to play list a little while
ago and we have a whole host of people
out here let's go check out who's out
here I'm glad that I didn't get that on
camera actually Michael Buckley just
swore so loudly are you vlogging oh hey
I'm Allie trippy and I do makeup and I
get drunk and I play video games watch
my videos hashtag shook it done myself
better than what he just that no
everyone the line hashtag lesbian so
we're here and we're partying pretty
hard I think Jesse might be behind me
doing something I don't know what's
happening I love you and I wish you take
about what of your song no I've been
drinking bottles mom is great you know
place this all over you all right so
Danny has volunteered to play a little
duck hunt that we're gonna call dunk
hunt cause it's gonna be Duncan get it
that's one I bought two ice bolts
boy
get a go for the clock
ain't lacking
you want to think cuz the split leg
dodge and literally once we between your
legs now my hands are numb
but everyone say thank you for Danny for
being the decoy duck so Duncan is
currently filling out all the warp tour
information and he comes over to me he's
like Charles do you have any medical
conditions and I'm just like ah I got a
couple you kind of always laugh that's
the key about life
even if you get crappy stuff you have to
laugh at it otherwise it's just gonna
like overwhelm you basically lesson
learned is you always have to have a
good sense of humor no matter what it is
move it Duncan move it go with that Gina
wait actually can I just say if you guys
haven't seen the video of nyla reacting
how's it typing you need to watch that I
don't know what the hell is wrong with
your cat or what's right with her but
she's the longest tongue ever so what'd
you call it an iris it's pretty accurate
assessment of the situation it's amazing
how you should watch it when you come
over a yo-yo where's the zip tie up in
there Gina's like we're about to go and
make her like a food run we might go to
Iowa in a second dude Jessie's
everybody's like hey Gina if you go can
you get me things and like I'll stay
here he's like yeah get me banana that
was so loud what's happening also the
lighting industry is like this yellow
anyway so tonight was a pretty it was a
pretty crazy night actually the first
night of playlist we still have quite a
few tubers that we have not yet run into
are you making faces by anything though
I'm this little psycho back here
where'd she go oh yeah break it down I'm
really excited to have drunk Jesse come
out and dance in the vlogs did you say
people are asking you did you jump yeah
yeah we're gonna do it for sure
Charles it's me another Kim Charles
Jessie steel scam like it's like milk
water round 2 of the Google glass vision
for the music bishop video vizio six tax
keynote from the eighties
it's super dark but Palatine wants to
say something guys switch diving
swimming goggles diving blanks I have
since lost my wallet
somehow I have no idea where it is I'm
digging through the entire entire
suitcase really getting really gonna
read I can't seem to find it can't don't
have your ID you can't get on an
airplane so I'm gonna go back and look
and see if I can find if I can find it
otherwise I'm pretty much screwed
third rocks helping everything and
watching the patriot trying to relax
every ducat in slum field you got that
beer though so I just got done looking
for like three hours looking for that
stupid wallet this fucking sucks if
there's good news in such a crappy thing
Ali will be there still for the signing
so I want you guys all to go hang out
with Ali at the signings I think it's
Saturday I want to keep looking for my
wallet and hopefully I can maybe find it
last minute so I just wanted to say I am
so so sorry saying when at playlist they
wanted to high-five just high-five Ali
and she'll high-five me if you're going
to the shows I will high-five you for
Ali and then we'll be able to do both so
I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
don't forget to subscribe if you guys
are brand new and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
toodles
to see what you did sense
taxi
yeah
they'll switch
the most famous person you'll ever
fucking me by no swearing
