good hello everyone out there in
internet land how are you feeling this
fine fine day and I wanted to say in the
month of May cuz it rhymed but it's
totally March what the fuck am I even
talking about right now good morning
guys so I think we're in Missouri
Missouri and I'm just going down a
random aisle because I think this is
what are the doors I don't know they
actually fly out to playlist live and
the nerd lock takes over so Danny's
introducing me to what is it t25 t25 so
guy get warmed up and get back in shape
for Warped Tour and everything so I'm
gonna try to do this now so we just did
some exercising so you earned it buddy
you earned it we were just discussing
how Travis looks kind of like a
Christmas tree right now it works it
works on you though thanks man
yeah I don't know if any of your viewers
go to University of Missouri the
University of Missouri is like one of
the most beautiful campuses is it really
it's it's incredible it's like you have
these huge columns and stuff it's
massive I got lost for like the past
hour running it was really cool it looks
like you have your hairs is like where
have I been
Duncan what are you doing over there
exciting exciting exciting we were just
driving and my mom spotted a giganto
alligator it's not actually in the place
that it normally is but we're gonna go
and check it out and see if we can show
you and also not get eat did it leave
are you kidding me you son of a bitch it
seriously left it's seriously left
there he is that little bastard he went
in the water as soon as we came over he
is big and scary so we're gonna leave
now because I don't want to get eaten by
a gator walk out of the venue the nerd
rocks he is today the new base comes
actually and no dock and I go start
practicing tossing across the stage yeah
and I wind up not looking like a teen
model anymore
that guy's father that's so cold today
so I can't my feet look at my feet
they're like I don't know if you can see
they're steaming right now my feet are
steaming is that normal
so from the IndieGoGo a person actually
bought a bass that I will be using
tonight or tour this is the bass so
we're gonna start using it today nerve
Rock and I'm gonna start figuring out
how it gets thrown across the stage I
can't remember the person's name who
actually bought this but I promise you
we will take care of it but we will make
you look awesome
some Duncan Vision do Ryan vision right
now this is Ryan vision it's pretty hard
to break we're getting there
I think we got it how nervous are you
Duncan we just have to tell the lighting
technician anytime you see a blue base
keep the lights on
don't darken it otherwise no rocks gonna
get a base to the face I'm gonna look
like Marcia Brady hi pretty little girl
how are you today
oh yeah they're pretty hooker she's
passing out it's a really really nice
day I'm really sad that we don't leave
just hanging out here forever
tell her Internet tell her you don't
want her to leave everyone you yell at
her in the comments little brat leaving
she's going back to school oh she has a
job oh wow real life no but seriously
it's been really fun to have her here I
love her we are BFF we grew up shit okay
actually there's all kinds of
distractions happening right now this is
the pumpkin growing right now that's a
seed that we missed so we still have
assorted squash growing in our backyard
from that one time that we played like
pumpkin baseball which was pretty cool I
don't actually remember what vlog that
was if you guys know tell me in the
comments cuz I actually kind of want to
watch that again is pretty funny and you
mean a little biatch come here what are
you doing like an you know maybe so we
just went and got our nails done for
playlist which is awesome I forgot to
put my ring back on whoops it's gonna be
so exciting I cannot wait to get there
and meet you guys I think our meet up
are signing or whatever is gonna be on
Saturday and I know that I'm on a couple
of panels or at least I think I am
honestly I don't know at this point and
it's gonna be so good I cannot wait it's
just these two events place and VidCon
are so fun we look forward to them every
year it's just gonna be such a blast to
be able to see all of you guys and it's
a really good chance for us to see a lot
of people that we don't live around
because we don't live in LA like a bunch
of other youtubers so we don't get to
see these people very often and Charles
is gonna come which is great because we
didn't think he was gonna come but he is
so pretty stoked about that - oh there
it is rubbin in the grass smiley like
that oh yeah she's such a spaz but
honestly she convinces me every time she
does this but this is a great thing to
do like she just looks like she's having
so much fun what are we doing are we
standing in our brand-new pool for the
first time in a while Zoe freaked out I
tried to show her that she forgot where
the step was extended because we used to
have just kind of like the cake tear
steps so they were really narrow but we
made the second step huge so she could
do what she's doing right now I started
to drag her and she went and floated and
put her arms like I'm swimming
you love it kind of look so nice you
remember what our pool used to look like
like a swampland Marley isn't sure how
she feels about going in today
the t-rex huh yeah right we're all in
the bathroom right now it's kind of
freaky the place with the creepy pool
and everything and we're underneath all
the pool stuff it's kind of riser of
that right now little spiders hi you
were so pretty you're so pretty I don't
get just pointed this out you guys know
the Simpsons
Kohli was swinging around like a tornado
as he always does and this is what
happened battle will higher higher yeah
there you go show that neck double our
troubles you should sort of vlog my
guitars fuck dude Coley's a fucking
tornado it's a thing tornado of
Awesomeness though so I don't know if
you've mentioned this but we're gonna
try to do a music video using Google
glass every one of the band members will
be wearing it and today's my turn
better is about to die so hopefully it
doesn't die
flawless victory I know just give me a
face wipe and I'm kind of afraid what we
call my face right now
it feels so much better this is the best
one hi I saw it I saw it you throw it up
on the stage you're a ginger I'm a
ginger
what's your name one more time Sammy do
you wanna tell me what you ate your mom
made oh wait maybe in a better light
that is pretty awesome yeah
telling her ticker no it's just it comes
with charms oh it's awesome tell her I
said hi bye Meredith
rocking out the MJ
that's pretty smooth actually
go Travis in your moon boots this is
Ryan Sophie aka Ryan Gosling
so check out nerd rocks official
understudy shirt this is so awesome and
flip around to ladies that presented me
this shirt Nicole and Emily that sounds
actually right so thank you ladies for
this amazing shirt like now we can't
lose nerd rock all right so before I go
to bed I've noticed from touring here's
a little trick if you can't shower every
single night best thing in the world is
just fresh pair of socks and a fresh
pair of underwear and you can get
through the night for the week what do
they need probably kind of gross TMI
anyway so I will see you guys tomorrow
as always don't forget to subscribe and
have a great night see you tomorrow
we're dead
