good morning guys we are in Nashville
Tennessee and I only get some pants on
and the bus is moving so so we are out
to get some barbecue got tea fare guys
remember tea fare from Warped Tour and
made you guys remember me hey trav
prepared for all the barbecue just tell
once it's the greatest barbecue in the
world you got here okay I think that's
fine that was suspicious
good afternoon my little love nugget
what are you doing today well I saw your
tail Zoey wait gutiere just a little
tiny bit I'm not gonna even do it she's
like oh I'm tired
this is ridiculous these dogs are just
out of control in the most you know calm
way possible you two both you guys this
is what you're gonna do this lounge all
day at any given moment I know exactly
where to find Kim first of all because I
can hear it second of all because I know
that she has a serious addiction how's
it go this is great
the creepiest thing in the world is that
the second creepiest over there
Travis is getting naked the socks of the
day ramen noodles oh my god
beat that internet internet you guys
remember this venue with this awesome
thing we're back here in Nashville
don't you basically help me figure out
how I'm gonna get to playlist live if
you guys didn't know I will be at
playlist live on the 22nd thanks the
Duncan dunk Johnson and I'll be going
back for the day off so I'm only gonna
miss the what shows and we're gonna miss
I will be missing the 22nd and the 23rd
because I will be at playlist live this
looks like a theme from half-life 2
everything is dead does what everything
looks deserted in Nashville so funny
it's deserted then there's always a dude
playing guitar on the street that's
probably the coolest smallest Church
I've ever seen and there's a hotdog spot
right next to it you can married and
then have your reception over at the
hotdog place classy that's so cool
looking this is my favorite part a duck
tour is this kind of a going out of
little adventures lot of cool things
like that it's showing it to you guys do
you guys remember the last time we were
here was on the May Day Tour and we all
went to that bar and had the skull on
the bodies the skeleton underneath the
bar you look through that little tiny
hole this is a creepy
okay
excuse me I believe I ordered a large
commute let me just give you some
perspective here yep it's literally the
size of my head and I've never had a
corona Rita before so hey spring break
it's actually sunny today never had
yesterday we gonna be nice out it
totally I was lying at all times
sorry about that we have a special guest
is Dave he was actually the drummer for
fok back back in 2000 back in the day
2003 actually when we did a walk tour in
2003 was Dave so back in the day we're
all reuniting so Dave is gonna drive us
around trying to basically find some
juice we're gonna clear out the nearest
Starbucks Travis is back there with us
there's a couple car seats that I
couldn't move
so I'm sitting in the back around bolted
down Dave was a drummer after Danny was
the drummer funny looking kid did you
kick Danny out no our singer kick Danny
out and blame me that's the true story
our old singer kicked Danny out and
blade named Travis right um no Brent oh
right I had nothing to do with it I saw
a funny looking kid
they join our band and MCZ and you
joined and I said it's true honestly the
true story is Brett kicked him out never
told me so Danny had a vendetta against
me the whole time that he thought I
kicked him out of the band and now the
irony of the situation is now I'm back
in we the Kingswood Danny yeah we should
kick him out again and then say it was
I'm not trying to take your job Danny
I'm sorry man all right time to bond all
out I think we're good it's the last
some parts of tour you want Cory's
bathroom the light switches on the
outside it was in there right now I the
dark event - that is like such a design
for everyone in your apartment totally F
with you because the light switch is on
the outside this place is built for
pranks what can you do so here we are
this is the first time I've had but
we'll speed since we were in Hawaii a
super long time ago and I'm pretty
stoked about this I got that this one is
called so fresh and so clean it's
vanilla and mint and I'm afraid to set
it Sabbath Sabbath
all right let me know how it is what is
in this one feed strawberry paradise
laughs we're good so we're doing a bus
hang this is Kara Kara okay move your
moon boots okay what's the show what you
got over here cuz we're twinsies right
now there we go now we're twinsies okay
hey Danny and I are twins
yeah oh you guys are yeah you guys to
get married yeah Ryan camera right now
we're in Nashville we're going down the
line here
so that was Ryan vision awesome now
we're gonna try to do this steal some
shots
so I love you guys remember lenay she
was from Sao Paolo the American Rag
thing we're on the back of the
convertible and we all pretty much
should have died ok she's actually out
here hanging out so she came out too so
it's like two years now we were just
like kind of reminiscing on the time we
almost died Danny remember that actually
push Danny out of the car it's true yeah
sure enjoy I'm actually a real asshole
nerd Rock likes butts crash the party
hooked it up with this this is amazing
hey we got lemonade cam today we're
switching it up hey what you up I need a
base serious
all right say thank you in the comments
for lynnie vision right now because dumb
vision was busy doing his job I guess
so we had let me do it what a jerk doing
his job
so everyone say thank you to Linnae
Kohli what are you doing sir
just having amid that ya know it's this
thing that it goes with in jest no don't
eat it Coley don't eat that if it smells
that way I may be here all week it's
fine Jhoanna Shawanna this is what your
leg I didn't first try first bird
alright guys well today was an awesome
day in Nashville but I'm gonna go to bed
so I just want to say thank you for
watching today's video
eat your peas Oh subscribe to Charles
trippi's blogs CTFxC the shit's right
here hit it do it you know you want to
doesn't right look like Ryan Gosling
and Kevin Bacon at the same time gotta
cut loose Footloose don't forget to
subscribe for more of the tour vlogs
guys and I'll see you guys tomorrow
always
we're sexy
- who else which option
