Wow Spring Break 2014 but happy st.
Patty's Day what the hell is going on
right now Kim and I were planning to do
some really fun stuff like do a
universal day and do all kinds of fun
stuff and you know go out and have fun
maybe do a beach day and it's gonna be
like this supposedly for the remainder
of the week boo good morning guys
so it's day off day off time rule number
one on tour when you're in front of
double trees get a cookie so Danny and I
are gonna go get our cookies I mean they
advertise them here's the funny part
we're not staying in a double tree or
are we those cookies deliver these to
everybody
oh wow there's so nicely - give me all
of these got our cookies still good do
the cookie dance do the cookie dance do
it well my wish a lever slow down when I
stop so never mind but they were going
the exact speed of the beat of the song
and I got really happy so if you total
psycho like me
so we just caused some major destruction
at the Amish restaurant not literal
destruction just well there you go
food destruction we ordered strawberry
rhubarb pie which I've never had before
I don't know if I'm gonna like it but
I'm excited to try it I'm afraid
it's excellent it's really good kind of
tart but the strawberry is really
balanced enough oh that's delicious okay
trying to thanks guys so bad walking to
take a shower greatest thing in the
world there's Travis on his computer I'm
editing my vlog all right Charles now
this is the day after I did it this is a
week ago he's still on the ski slopes
I'm a magician I'm skiing with my family
and then I'm also on tour when you see
Charles's videos when you see my videos
I'm out and about somewhere Travis to
get it he'll get it eventually
all right so check out this shower let's
see if this actually works this time
Oh take a camp Cal did you just play
inside the cowbell yeah that's how you
play Cal stick it in there and just
wiggle it around that's don't even so
yeah seriously because we the kings
so anyway before I was really
interrupted by kids not drum solo are
you kidding me woman punch you in the
neck so Kim you're gonna totally ban
from yesterday when he's scared you in
the bathroom oh you like that did you
guys play though by the way normally I
don't get so pissed I don't like being
scared but because he didn't make any
noise it was just kind of like I was I
don't know I like was not prepared for
that oh you love your grandpappy hi ma
ma she's like actually I love peanut
butter and that's a pie so doctor that's
me you know what I'm allowing that to
happen because you're a dick so we
wouldn't got some coffee and some juice
and so happens that some of the
Globetrotters just hop in the car
trotting dope globe-trotting right now
who's driving what's your name my name
is Markus Markus saving our life right
now everyone's life so we don't get
pneumonia basically we are southern boys
it's like 62 degrees here Florida - yeah
anyway
small world st. Patrick's Day aka Coley
day yes no green though the greens right
here you have green eyes telling you I
never stared into his eyes eyes closed
Google glass to record my adventure or
misadventure here says I can't use my
hands I'm gonna try to do a little bit
of flying every single like city that
I'm at I'm in Atlanta right now I
figured this would be a pretty cool
place to try to fly the helicopter
alright okay good day guys dig in all
the cheese
he's a notice which yes call hey would
you get the drink a Jameson splash club
soda don't you see how all the cheese
had to come down to this edge of the
table because new rock has pretty much
every wrestling I have the w/e Network
and now the classic ladder match between
Shawn Michaels and Razor Ramon at
WrestleMania ah that hurts that is the
real ladder
everyone's in a food coma right now and
just kind of fighting it right now
they're rock hi
I'm trying to shop for some to
audiobooks which ones would you get I'm
thinking there's John Green right there
some Hunger Games what some Hunger Games
sure yeah so if you guys didn't know one
of my favorite sponsors of the CTFxC
which is audible if you go to
audible.com
so maybe I'm gonna give this an herb
Rock so nervous I've got audible.com
succeed
alright I'm gonna do that honestly it's
my favorite special with along like the
tours when the drives these long boys
moving up to the Northeast
it's kind of cool to just lay and your
your bum could just listen to a book and
have somebody read to you so should be
like me I don't like reading especially
in low light but go to Ottawa cops at
CTFxC honestly one of my favorite
sponsors they'll hook you up
so I'm desperately trying to find
something in here that works with a USB
and almost I'm just killed baked right
here dropping stuff nerve rock I want
you to fix it
I'm every toerner doctor fixes
everything I break it nerve ROC fixes it
I gotta remember what room was it okay
is this way it is I feel like you caught
me like touching myself this is how my
brother and I hang out and we're having
a good time
excuse me we're gonna take another
shower enjoy yourself
tell her I said hi before I go to bed I
just wanted to show you guys this one
little clip that a CTFxC are actually
filmed that we keep talking about me
when I fell fell down here's the thing I
think I actually saved it a little bit
so there's will cut to it and then we'll
have a discussion in the comments what
you guys think
be honest I think I saved it cuz the
lights went down it's pretty dark looks
like I meant to do it so I save it or
did I botch it I'll see you guys
tomorrow
have a great night don't forget to
subscribe you guys are brand new and
yeah alright
with sexy
they'll switch
