good morning guys this is what time it
is it's 544 a.m. we just got back from
the wheelie King Show in Orlando not
that long ago and I there's no way in
hell I can do that marathon but my mom
is doing it I'm very happy that she is
able to walk it after her surgery and
everything has gone on with her it's
gonna be pretty pretty exciting for her
she hasn't missed it yet she's done it
every year since it's been happening so
pretty proud of her it's really exciting
I think you can kind of see it here me
it's a little bit windy right now but my
mom just finished the half marathon
there's actually a CTFxC here as well
you're 9 I can't even believe that 9
years we've never missed the air a super
here in Jacksonville right now yep bring
Jacksonville I don't know if that makes
any difference we get a look outside oh
yeah Jacksonville you guys hear what
they're soundchecking to you right now
this is how they check the speakers
every single day
so I just took Marley and Zoey outside
for a little bit of brushing but I think
we might have a little bit of a problem
on our hands
I'll show you what I mean yeah there we
go
that's what I was gonna show you but I
think though we figured out it was there
just as I started filming she was just
sitting there staring down that bird
oh they scared into the water I always
feel bad when they do that kinda lost my
voice a little bit yesterday kind of
have a little bit of a man voice going
on right now but it was really really
fun to be able to get out to the orlando
show it was so cool to see all the guys
and meet some of the new crew and hang
out but I'm really really happy that I
got to see Charles on stage she looked
so good it was such a good show I'm so
proud of them and now it is time for the
secret weapon the shedding green hello
guys sunny here with the least from
awesomeness awesomeness TV and we've got
a little crew over there and we're about
to do an interview I'm Travis from
awesomeness TV
oh I'm Elise from awesomeness TV bad
trolls from awesomeness TV Wow
so apparently we talk too much Travis
broke the camera totally nice we have
the new camera this is a little timeout
session with Elise I like all the
fireball whiskey sorry do you like that
by the tour minutes this is this is the
funny thing is like we didn't get a full
rider today so this is like what we got
for fireball today so the girls and I
finally went and saw frozen probably
still read I was balling balling on a
freezes I was just like losing and I had
seen it on a little girl's screen on the
airplane in front of me so I knew it was
coming but I still cried anyway because
I am a child it was so yeah that's right
because we cried at everything it was a
really really good movie if you guys
haven't seen it you should definitely
definitely go see it pay attention and
I'm telling you right now what are you
doing right now stupid how did you even
do that that looks extremely unsafe
actually why
your head wardrobe will be decapitated
probably accurate so after that
interview I feel like I have to try to
do this now because we're in
Jacksonville and there's a ton of people
just partying and getting drunk right
now for st. Patrick's Day all right
let's try this
well I've lost connection so we're
hoping it's going home correctly well it
is now up there alright so we just made
friends with the hotel manager this is
Jeremiah enough mates going up there
alright so what you got to do buddy is
you got to turn actually I might have to
go up there actually we're on
Jacksonville Beach right now just
hanging out watching the crowd
everyone's getting drunk for st.
Patrick's Day all those people are
having fun up there watching the
helicopter trying to get some food with
dump Johnson and Ryan Sophie I forgot to
tell you guys Duncan is hi how are you
what's your name
hi Jerry are you following Duncan on
Twitter you should probably do that
Hunter has that same shirt yeah I was
gonna say before I tripped on my face
with Duncan's a little jealous of nerd
rock star conversation between a lot of
people and like nerd rock too because I
guess I wrote on somebody's shoe
yesterday I'm cooler than nerd rock like
innocently basically you gotta follow
dunk Johnson so he so he stops
complaining basically now I'm good at
complaining he'll tell you
everybody's over hello everybody hello
turning around
so my worst nightmare if you're
squeamish I wouldn't watch this but I
went to go like you only hit the sim one
can catch it everyone knows that yeah I
want you to go catch it handle it right
between my fingernail boy take a paper
cup of worse the metal cut I recommend
it he's I chug the whole thing that's a
bad idea the whole thing I'll take a
huge swing of it no that's a bad idea do
not do this all right so this is Rachel
Rachel's the first person to throw black
socks at Kohli
she is amazing she set the bar you're
welcome so she's the first person to
throw black socks at Kohli never felt so
blessed goodbye so we're here just
having a little movie night basically
we're watching Temple of Doom on TV and
then we're gonna watch The Great Gatsby
okay
I've said it before I'll say it again
this is what I live with every day
basically this has been a movie day for
me it's been kind of an off day cuz I
didn't sleep a whole lot neither did my
mom she did the half and I barely slept
at all so everybody's been kind of
zombified today so we actually went and
saw a movie we just watched Temple of
Doom on TV and we rented The Great
Gatsby and also in honor of Pi Day even
though we're two days late with this my
mom made a pie I'm gonna go ahead and
dig into that oh right now
peanut-butter and pretzels and the Fifth
Element I feel like home right now Jenny
was in The Mentalist it tonight we can
all agree that I'm better-looking than
that guy Jenny who you bet with right
there that's my girlfriend sleep with
another dude I'm gonna go bed love you
yeah Nate got it back
so I'm gonna go to bed watch it moving
and just kind of get some rest
but I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
don't forget to subscribe you guys are
brand new hope you guys enjoy today's
video
ok guys see you tomorrow
to see what you did since
we're sexy
yeah
who else with me
