good morning Internet we are on the way
to another neecy's performance to other
mall performance lenio mall where the
millenium all orlando we're still kind
of in florida and we still we worked at
the good morning guys so here's
something pretty amazing my hot tub has
Bluetooth audio and I was in it last
night so I'm sitting here editing Thank
You Molly I'll take you out one second
you hear the bell
so my hot tip is Bluetooth audio I was
sitting here editing my phone is there
all of a sudden when Kim opened my
sliding door I heard this bump and beat
and I was like what the hell is going on
so my hot tub has been playing club
music all night long under the cover and
I only just now heard that it was still
playing she was ready to party all night
no one would party with her small the
fashion square mom that's one fact
hunter Danny and trav worked at Subway
he actually went to school we were going
to college and we actually were working
at the subway if that's normal trying to
develop the band so Katelyn just got
here
she's surprising them so I have a gift
for you this is from Japan I think it's
like a my tank oh is it taste okay okay
we'll be back in a second it's taped
hang on Laurens here again all right
we're gonna get dressed again Thank You
Ryan
it's like Orion so it's obviously caps
if it's missing a white belly
it's a suction cup yeah so used to stick
it to the back of your iPhone and it
makes your iphone stand up like on the
table
I would have like put this inside of my
shower is that it has a little white
mustache it's hipster cat have you ever
seen Hamilton the hipster camera he's my
favorite this looks like him we are
missing Danny damn things I make a mess
up there sitting here's the thing here's
this Travis operates it's a very Travis
centric world so we have labeled outfits
here that we're just gonna put on he
walks up stop everyone's outfit so I
have to be an asshole no I don't want to
sorry so here's me who likes great today
you get gray all day I'm all great - so
we are on our way to see we the Kings in
Orlando very exciting very exciting
cannot wait to see the boys can't wait
to see the show
I heard the Charles trip last night in
Fort Lauderdale on the riser on stage
from an inside source I didn't see it
but if any of you guys actually got that
on camera please send me that I would
love Stan I'm sure you would put this on
everyone she looks the best internet you
have to decide trav and I have big head
so I'll shoot Internet you're got to
decide here's me barely fits on my head
Internet who did that look the best on
appropriate gestures your remarks
Channing your fellow co-workers if you
do have something dirty or interesting
talk based about the magic here magic
makes the world go round
oh my god does say magic magic selling
what is magic sailing and today I will
be the magic
and I'm pretty hungry but we're almost
there you got some company here for you
buddy
so bashful we're going right here we
gotta go this way
we're doing Holi choo-choo choo-choo
choo-choo train we need the conductor
chugga-chugga-chugga
chugga-chugga-chugga
hi Charles okay that I'm grabbing you by
the hips good job Holly Holly number two
Danny your fire way cuter no audition
that one bad mr. Phan Waldo he's been
hiding here the whole time here he's
pretty angry though his pistons like
y'all I'm just hiding I blowed up a spot
Oh Waldo how many hours I've wasted on
you
danny is truly making a fashion Steve
you are a good sport
I did not think you do it
you almost look like a cartoon character
game see your feet yeah as Katelyn
pointed out these are kick where they're
not technically Gingka look I can only
chicas you can find are like 15 inch
opening still week I went all out you
did I didn't want to just give me
another one Kalin hopping is pupuce I
was just right I didn't put Jenny on the
list are you serious well I gave her
like a tour pass Lisa show Emily got in
and she's like she think I'm at the
front door
so gotta give props to Danny man of his
word you get it imagine five songs until
like it just got all caught up in their
pants man of his word Jim props
it's good tonight that's good duck
edition good props for Duncan vision
so that was my first time seeing Charles
back on stage after answered nope that's
a lie what that's somebody's butt huh oh
my goodness
shower showers at venues not cool it may
be gross but as long as there's like hot
water it'll work yeah it's it's so
freakin cold in here
nevermind oh yeah you're in trouble now
have fun mom Kim go away good fun of
course but if one person says no I'm
gonna kick them in the face I hate it
songs did volunteer this tour to be the
first one to go down on stage if you do
please let me know I really want to see
it
are you sign the boobs Ali holy
Wow
you know we're trying to break the
record up the most people on the bus
right now so
it's the ultimate internet supporing
earbuds out now kind of bumping right
now we're just chilling on the bus
alleys unfortunately having to leave I'm
gonna pass out it's been a long damn day
pretty awesome show it's been really
really fun getting back in the swing of
things what's going on
love you bye all right guys well I'm
gonna go to bed I will see you guys
tomorrow as always don't forget to
subscribe for more tour awesomeness
we're going through because this is just
the beginning of the tour and it just
gets better and better and better and
better and better so I will see you guys
tomorrow as always I love you guys see
you guys tomorrow
toodles
you see what you did sensitive
with sexy
Thanks
switch
