good morning guys time to go on tour do
you know is that what you're freaking
out you good my mine be good puppies be
good say bye to rock good oh you stink
bye I'll see you in a couple weeks
be good for mommy oh no trash things
getting packed in going born and Lizzy I
have to leave my socks in here to make
sure no one took it left him by your
head by the pillow that was gonna mess
with that then my built-in anti-theft
device someone takes my pillow here you
go
kiss it kiss it and make it feel better
feel like my skulls on fire that's a
good one all right so I always got to
leave until she gets to go back on tour
I'll see it I always go into Orlando
yeah love you love you they brought Ally
for now
the bus is moving and this is always the
funniest part about first couple days
important is this getting used to the
moving makes you just feel like you're
drunk who's that
alright let me come out there oh my
goodness entirely appear on defense come
here no are you I've never seen it
Charles always does it she's multi she's
it's so much my cousin is sleeping right
now she literally just passed out on my
back porch and I don't want to wake her
up and I don't want to be mean because I
hate when people do that to me but I do
want though E to lick her face okay
thank you give her a kiss welcome to my
house hi cuz listen this truth
I see you
everyone if you can find more
celebrities like John Travolta Tom
Cruise pillowcases bring them to the
shows I want Morgan Freeman carrot top
so we're here Broward rewards throw
woods I couldn't pronounce it bro are
you old mates if you would have an
in-store Mason performance right now
Ryan's playing bass we gave our secret
time code words the Travis like he's the
football or something like that
tango football what do you want to be
speaker kengo would calm the moose
mousse the mousse the mousse or a mousse
mousse the mousse is okay
the mousse the mousse is on the loose or
the beasts the Eagle you can be the
turkey oh I want to be a turkey great so
do you guys remember Lauren from all the
signings from Warped Tour are you Ben
yeah Ben liked almost two years now
that's Duncan I was there you're there
the Moose is on the loose there we go
I'm all dressed like yours Coley okay
there was a blue t-shirt with the
teacher on first impression so it's not
oh I show the chest hair Coley do the
manliest of all of us
yeah I know lot of us can't grow that
too I know with the denim did you
request that you Cole is the connoisseur
of cheese Chloe what is that this is
where you ask them I don't know but I'm
gonna try I'll tell you thanks marbled
what makes it marble
it's like a fine wine right it's a mild
Cheers there's a nice but it's chicken
cheese
rule number one other than bill pooping
on the bus is grab food when you can
Coley's already preparing no man left
behind Coley's got all the necessities
you'll thank me later we will actually
Denny's camp come bearing gifts
socks shark eating my leg or something
hairy hairy leg Wow getting rid of Texas
Oh show number one here Drock you ready
you're number one already are you up
late today
yeah if you guys didn't know what songs
are you playing they're rock queen of
hearts and then I feel alive right I
like it near rocks actually gonna be
playing those two songs so the dogs just
ate and they are flipping a sh go Zoe
singing dog I'm looking for you stop did
you see her throw a pillow that was
Kim's bed but I guess it's yours now
that we've shared go Zoe go Zoe go hey
man in there fat that freak 6g freaked
out you guys what's your daddy mom is
boring most boring old lady
oh nice ones oh so now Kim and my mom
and I are going to do a creepy a
terrifying face mask because we've been
like cleaning and doing stuff all day in
the house so like you know and we need
some beautification not creepy make me
beautiful creepy
so I'm sexy cotton more time keep
classic don't you like Mike Myers
Michael Myers okay put it on oh it's so
creepy
alright so like start smoothing it from
the top tilt your head back a little and
then smooth like down the bridge of your
nose and put the little flaps on oh it's
so hard to like it's like sliding all
over my face as I'm talking
freaking me out do I look terrifying let
me see you can oh my god it's so hard
it's like feels like just jello so we
got to do formal introductions because I
know a lot of people through this tour
I'll be curious on who these people new
people are was your name Juliana they
won the IndieGoGo tour bus hang so
they're hanging out with us all day this
is Ryan and here's the other ones that
you're seeing everyone this is dirt rock
hello hey guys this is Koli hi that's
Ryan is Travis
don't you've seen Duncan we were gonna
do the interaction interaction
interactive tattoo like you get the
select on his body somewhere we still
haven't done that yeah he's completely
tatted up so remember a couple days ago
when Ziya that music app sponsors a
CTFxC for a contest where whoever made
the best remixes of all those songs
would get a couple t-shirts so if you
guys want to check out the winners there
in a description down there below thank
you again for SIA for sponsoring this
contest and if you guys want to download
the app and continue making awesome
little remixes the links down there in
the description as well so I gotta
introduce you guys one more person this
is Kevin hello I've known him since I
was like three maybe five something like
basically Ollie and Kevin are the two
people I've known my entire life
essentially nice Halyburton ollie buddy
doing good
excuse me just kind of harmonized
perfectly
got some dunking vision no it's good
it's good
Wow the best tour manager ever hi guys
we're still in Florida so watching
Conair I happy to get my pillow Nicolas
Cage won the finest American actors ever
quoted he was paid alright guys well I
think we go to bed it's like 1:30 and
one thing I promised Ali was to get a
lot of rest it was really great to be
back on stage meet all you guys really
a lot of awesome and fun if you guys are
brand new to the videos don't forget to
subscribe I'll see you guys tomorrow
love you honey doodles
to see what you did
with sexy
- ants with me
