oh but since our heat is kind of broken
right now I woke up and I don't know how
she did this snuggle right into there
did she turn our line up I'm so sleeping
so obviously it's so cute I don't want
to get up right now I know how she did
it she's kind of burrowed under Mary's
Marlies over a game which there's no way
it's so funny when treats are involved
her legs is all completely fine the
second she's done eating watch what
happens
no one's go Jepsen who's going she's
like oh it hurts again I could totally
use another thing of cookies you're fine
you know you're fine good morning guys
ready no no you got to go to the ve t
don't look too happy Zoe
you guys figuring out I'm sorry pop
sorry
what you have to do so apparently on my
calendar I put the wrong time so they
lucked out
but Lauren and I were just discussing
that might make a little bit worse
because now they have to go twice sorry
Zoe go to the vet to go to vet what
you're gonna forego later I'm sorry
she's like what a couple hours later
trying it again ready how he's not
feeling too good today I'm so bummed out
how am I not gonna take this whole time
now I'm getting sick because we both are
off our juice diet they're juicing again
they get back on her diet go on the
internet because get back on her diet
like what Jesse and Jeana do in the car
there we go
so he has no idea what's going on yet
my
where's that one piece coming from area
emo le everyone I'm just saying
my mom my dad hey my stupid like
parakeet majimak teacher
and it is hailing everything
look like Aubrey Plaza and parks the
record there too I love her so much
if you gotta kind of through the whole
like they're like wider the Sun is a
no-no alright like we're not going
anywhere
Farley limping into the everyone going
to the doctor
really I mean she's totally I you know I
mean Zoe the entire time from the moment
except you know the moment we leave is
her rock she probably loses all her fur
their dog someone out there this is how
we no one's always freaking out so I
don't know something territory yeah it's
gonna third though he's not gonna eat it
see there to clean up so trav and I are
currently watching what's the movie
again oh um there were Alice theory
about Jason Statham only doing movies
with one-word titles
I guess homefront is it one word it's a
home front two syllables it's one word
though it's the closely see I think he's
ever been crash oh yeah Parker I want to
say crash that crash you guys I want to
talk about or what he's talking about
I showed up showed up with mr. king
mr. king where's the squirrels like
follow me he looks like a black bear the
black bear mr. king
mr. king
so practice is done and Danny just got
me in the mood to play some video games
so Lauren took me over and I want to try
to find a south park game everyone was
telling me the other South Park game for
the self braking
sniff it out found it got to give a huge
shout-out to a summer over at Best Buy
for finding it she had to dig around but
we got the stick of truth and this is
the car I get to play another video game
get to be in golf buy a video game okay
to bring this on tour probably all right
back to practice who wants cookies there
you go that's a base eat the cookie and
at the base nope let's still the base
cook you behind the base right there get
it hey go Zoe so just get home for
practice well what was basically Travon
eyes because everyone else forgot what
was going on it all fits
that's what my mom used to call me my
sister space cadets meaning whatever no
spacey with our brain so we kind of had
a coup stick practice today to just kind
of get a rundown with what songs we're
gonna be playing right now we have Queen
of Hearts I like it feel live just keep
breathing any other way maybe you see my
dreams those are the ones we were
practicing so if you guys have any other
song ideas that you guys want us to play
in this tour tell me in the comments but
those ones I just told you make sure you
guys know all the lyrics so that way you
can go crazy alright time for me to get
a dick into another video game
you guys ready what's wrong with your
lip look I'm in South Park Zoe I'm in
South Park I'm a South Park Zoe
nobody cares you guys want to see a
secret look I'm in South Park right go
play Charles mini Charles what you guys
think the kingdom looks just like me as
Nate's petting her what are you barking
at
anytime I can't beat something and
Ally's not here just give it to nerd
rock this lack the beat this guy can't
do it okay Dane tonight tried to do it
just doesn't make any sense I beat it
totally without your help
absolutely I just held the controller
for a second and you all by myself all
of myself
Nate was sitting here watching you saw
was totally goof enough the nerd block
gets it in his hand immediately beats it
oh yeah you so sad his puppy in the
world and you still the saddest puppy in
the world you feeling better
you feeling better little little baby
Tara I am protecting her I know these
poor girls had a pretty crazy day with
the vet and everything so I just
actually got home I was out running
errands for a while today fixing the hot
tub of the pool and doing all that good
stuff since I've been out of town for a
while and I don't like making Charles do
that stuff because it's kind of boring
and he doesn't like to do it anyway so I
apologize that I wasn't around much
today I've kinda and feeling a little
under the weather I thought I was
catching it like a cold so anyway I'll
try to be around more tomorrow but I'm
really excited because Charles is
getting ready to go back out on the road
he's doing really really well I know you
had the seizure or the other day but I
think we've got that under control now
as long as somebody's around who knows
what's going on which a lot of the
banding trainer drokken trained I mean
yeah so he's nice that's that big makes
me a little less nervous about letting
him go back on tour well I mean I can't
let him he'll do it anyway if it wants
but you know what I mean like it's hard
for me to let him go because I want to
make sure that he's taking what I want
yes what are you doing your dick hurt
again
no maybe you think maybe they pull them
up second
I figure I can jump onstage
so that's what he's doing right now my
side we were prepping for shows that
wasn't lying I like the kid strips and
get some popped I'm 50 yeah you are 50
100 man all right guys so that's it for
today thank you guys so much for
watching and if you haven't subscribed
please be sure to do that it's free and
it's awesome we love you see you
tomorrow
to see what you did
with CTFxC
they'll switch
