no guys like you on your right hey hi
we're still trying to introduce them so
they don't know each other perfectly yep
but go boy baby sweet to her she's a
baby member this is little kitty sister
actually I shouldn't have said baby
we're trying to teach him and the girls
that this is kitty or sister because
they call their toys or I'm sorry we
called their toys babies definitely
don't want them to confuse the kitchen
with their toys so we're trying to teach
them that this kitten or sissy or sister
I know it's really silly and really
strange but we think it might work
we just definitely don't want them to
relate her to a toy and right now she's
about that size so yesterday was kind of
a slow day for us it was Charles was
just completely exhausted and
overwhelmed from the college show
because the thing about the college
shows is if they don't have two in a row
in the same area or in the same weekend
they're just exhausted even if they have
two in the same weekend they're
exhausted it's a lot of flying a lot of
playing very little sleep and then
that's it and so when he gets back home
all he wants to do is see the girls and
see diesel and then obviously see the
kitten and me sometimes he molesting me
sometimes and catch up on some sleep and
some days you just need that and you
know I have to give it to him he always
still wants to vlog and make sure that
you guys know that he's thinking about
you and that he still wants to make sure
that he can give you guys something to
look forward to and look at he there you
baby good job diesels like dad I'm so
proud the girls are too all right
what was that
you'll hear it no I hear that do you
guys hear that
hoarse voice I don't see the freaking
fly do you guys don't forget super
annoying when there's like a mosquito or
a fly or something that's going by hand
and you can't see if we can hear it it's
you know freaking it's like love is a
miscue
- year over there somewhere but then I
heared over here last night I was so
tired
okay first off coming back to the fly
last night Rico was chasing some sort of
fly so it must have been here living
since last night but last night I was so
tired I into the video you gotta
Marcel's delirious yesterday's video I
was delirious I fell asleep on the couch
and Ally came and found me at 5:00 in
the morning while I by morning Rico was
like right here sleep no shoes on your
stomach he's on my stomach and so he was
right there wasn't bothered by my feet
yes so they were all laying on this
couch in the middle of the night I had
diesel in the room with me and I'm Akay
it's 5:00 a.m. I don't want the cat
running off just because like I told you
guys she's not like completely
accustomed to diesel yet so he loves his
toys and I just want to make sure
nothing bad happens I was really
surprised she stayed with Charles the
entire night and Zoe was at my head and
rather than my feet those blankets are
got sense she loves him she isn't eating
like a still fine deal of that that's
become our new favorite toy because
though he chews on it too you guys been
sharing that toy huh
you drop good news
Kayla was successful bowing the gene and
I had my eyes crossed underneath she
found the genes of her dreams it would
be really good if someone hired me just
to make up slogans for things today is
the day to find the genes of your dreams
skinny jeans of your dreams people are
gonna be like you're the weirdest person
ever and that's kind of true I'm status
update remember when I did this a couple
days ago it is still sticking five
hundred dollars my ass point less than
$20 to fix that thing I am the bomb I am
the bomb wait what was some of the
internet link no I'm totally lit
I don't know I just saw that look look
at the common right I'm lit our goal
today is to kind of wrap up this whole
Halloween decoration thing it's been
doing it's not well we're gonna try to
make some things I think is what the
game plan is because everything's so
expensive but better you have to buy at
the end of the year or after Halloween
that way you can get everything super
duper cheap I don't know but Alice got a
few new kind of cool ideas that we're
gonna end up trying to make I think
actually better than anything that we
could possibly buy to be completely
honest although I don't know there's
some pretty cool stuff this is what I
think it is yes you are I knew that one
it's so fitting I've turned now bend
your head to the left
no like turn it sideways the left not to
the other side now to the other side now
duck your neck pepperoni pizza
no oh kind of now I can't now that I'm
looking before I wasn't looking but now
I can see that yeah that's a weird thing
it's kind of fun though it's like by far
my most favorite time of the year and
every time I want to be that house or
every year I want to try and be that
house that's like creepy and fun and
people were like oh I love going to that
house to get you know candy from them I
feel like I just always wanted to be
that house that's what we're gonna be
we're gonna be the creepy creepy house
so what are what are else dying book
does this remind you of that's a
jumpring tabletop well it jumps no no no
no no yeah oh no not call that alright
it's not jumping it looks like a tick
doesn't it you know Ali has a
fascination before mangos Hey they have
zombie flamingos so you know we got some
of those these are those other things I
love things that make it look like
they're coming out of the ground
it looks kinda questionable actually
zombie cat what O'Malley this is
probably the coolest thing thing I wish
I would continue just piss off whatever
Google Lublin Goblin
oh by the indistinct ins always end up
getting better learn how to make pumpkin
pie
yeah you have to have certain pumping
that's cool
this is you and me losing your mind
trying to find stuff for her nice how do
you remember when this thing was like
the most coveted thing in the world did
the tickle-me-elmo she tackled you I
remember that
I would think it was the year the in
Tendo 64 came out to be honest for the
soul is like 1996 so 11 years later you
can get them everywhere just took 11
years they're monitoring you babe
so yes I know I always go just like a
tiny bit overboard when it comes to
Halloween just a literally I'm not gonna
lie to you I love Halloween so much it
is such a fun holiday for me I love
decorating I love getting dressed up I
love everything about it I don't know
why I love it so much but I just do it
could be because I love everything
that's scary and terrifying and all the
above I always like to try and make our
house a house that kids go to and
they're like I definitely want to visit
that next year it's just something that
I've always loved to do and I just I
really do I love decorating for
Halloween okay so what we got to do is
hang that so why don't you just keep it
attached to the roll you know
boomerang that oh by the way guys I
don't know if you noticed today we shot
in 30 frames per second because some
people were saying 60 might be a little
bit different so we're gonna try 30 what
do you guys think did you like 30 or do
you like yesterday's 60 because I still
I am very partial of the 60 but I don't
know what do you guys think you gonna
hang on a limb I'm so tired
running 3 miles in one day a bad idea
just puts me in a super like sedative
like state very tired from yeah I think
so too yesterday I don't think I've made
sense and half the video clips and
what's do from a business that looks
good there yeah now you see it
I mean it's it'd be better if it was a
dark we could spray paint it white or
something I have no idea where this
light or why we own it but right now
it's gonna be helping us a little bit
everything's brighter look at that go
figure
having wait I know let there be light
things are getting awfully spooky in the
tripi household so we're gonna have to
like take a pause right now for the
evening because the sprinkler system is
about to go on and it's gonna it's not
gonna be fun I just want to show you a
little bit what's going on so we have
one of the two lanterns up there then we
have our giant spiderweb that we're
still gonna maybe light up then we got
our flamingos that are my favorite thing
then we got some more spider webs some
lights and some draperies and people
just stay out of our house
with a little bow you know this is how
we're gonna end tonight the most fun way
possible so we run into the couch run in
the couch run in the couch hey what do
you want attention
good fun police fun police
you have no idea if you're just joining
us Marley is officially the fun police
yes you know what she can have fun you
don't know how to have fun when Marley
was little I die I'm sorry I shouldn't
do that
I apologize get it though hey seriously
okay ready run to the couch okay you
want to do a trick too you know you're
gonna have to do I want you to get ready
for the breakdance ready freakin break
down let's get some - breakdance come
let's get some breakdance it goin good
job do some more good job
some eighties breakdancing ready brick
we need to get you some medidas pants
ready this is your to work for this I
know Freddie
keep it going hey go and on that note I
hope you guys enjoyed today's video I
will see you tomorrow good night guys
