good morning guys so I just woke up
instead of my alarm clock a stupid
frickin seizure again what are you doing
Marley stop it what I wasn't doing
anything anyway so I don't know what it
could have been we got a different kind
of ativan today yesterday maybe thinking
it may have been that because I've been
taking the right kind of pills and
everything like that and obviously this
hand is working fine again fine does it
find it's fine it's fine it's all good
I'm kind of bummed because I haven't had
one since January so I was like really
hoping that I would go a whole year but
apparently that's not the case we have
woken up and a nerd rock has appeared in
the house behind the trees or the
flowers that stopped to smell the
flowers every once in a while he's real
and they're real
it's how we roll flowers that's real so
I just woke up from a little nap because
every time I take the ativan after a
seizure just knocks me a hell out oh
look at the little lizard look at the
dinosaur sick why is he behind there
mm-hmm
get the lizard is that lizard friend
anyway what I was saying was after the
seizure and the ativan and I just get so
tired and knocked out but my left hands
good it's coming back a little bit it's
a little slow right now this time I
didn't miss my medication or anything
like that so we have no idea why it may
have happened the only theory that
everyone's been saying is that you know
when you sleep your brain is just like
firing all over the place and it's like
super active then when you're awake
which is kind of weird so I could have
been in the middle of a dream or
something like that and may have
happened can you tell the part of the
grass where she always pees and poops
it's like all small and there's this
giant little flourishing patch of green
it's kind of funny are you fertilizing
it's like my good shoulder and then my
bad shoulder I'll get things to do
this one's tell me to take a chip this
one's tell me I should do I eat it they
know you shouldn't eat that eat it eat
it eat it eat it well they're both gonna
take a chip she's just telling to give
it to her ally you didn't call see check
you guys want to see something really
funny this is Marley with her ears down
she'd be a totally different dog both of
her ears were down all the time now
here's original Marley different Marley
original Marley different Marley I don't
know a few years we're down while he'd
still be pretty cute that has
personality there doc and I are going on
an adventure yes I do I like them too
we're sustained that's not so cheese I
don't want to change
I'm already changed all right let's go
all right let's go
the executive decision so our key in the
rental car has a broken battery a dead
battery thanks America but in the whole
nerd nerd rock this and automatic
faucets have to go it's up to you youth
of America to say no I can use my hand I
look down I was like nerd rock is that
is soon burst Jim and it's it's own
anti-theft device because you could you
imagine somebody breaking in into a car
and just like Oh an iPod coming inspect
it soon
putting it back down and leaving
patching up their patching up the window
I just got this Zipit unclogged tool for
your drain and I've seen some retube
videos of really disgusting shit so I've
never cleaned the sinks in this house
even since like before we moved in so
let's see what the people who lived here
before for them to think this entire
week we have you rehearsal because the
tour starts Friday is it Friday so if
you guys don't know about the tour dates
I'll put the link down there in the
description We The Kings music.com slash
tour make sure to come out guys it's
gonna be my first tour back since that
and nerd rock is going to be rocking it
- I'll be your understudy if anyone can
make a shirt just a plain white shirt
that says Charles Trippy is understudy
what size you wear medium this Charles
is understudy or maybe your face like
Steve oh say hi to the camera
or not come on put your head up say hi
to the camera
I don't want to not being paid Thanks
somebody's hitting the same pitch we
were halfway home camera and I said nope
I have to drive all the way back down to
get the camera
so it's all say thank you to nerd rocks
otherwise we would have no footage today
police it's a nice sunset we can look at
or I can look at never I can
look at the sky
firk alright guys so I think someone
left some stuff here and he literally
just got here what'd you catch
well I didn't even use the tool and this
came out hold it up right alright now
you guys are back in my possession and
nerd rock is rocking out to this one
band hey what's this band called we
three kings we three kings have a knee
good no battle animal this is terrible
then say you like gee I feel so much
better vlogging on this instead of a
freaking phone wait where's my phone now
well here it is got it got it whoa yeah
I think from I touched this hard rain I
didn't even realize I cut myself and I
came in here and I was grab the
screwdriver I was like wow what hurts
everywhere yeah I may try to like open
it up squeeze your finger make it bleed
mark did it in there oh that our proxy
what the hail she's gonna die you smell
Luka you jerk you've been cheating on us
hmm
like a woman who cleans good toilet
that's a good blue toilet there
what's wrong what's wrong with you
I cut myself really like pretty deep
today I don't know how lengua is the
worst since nerd rock is a taco
connoisseur with Rito connoisseur
burrito connoisseur we decided to take
them to arks our connoisseur from taco
place see if it stands up the the Taco
Bell there do you like hot stuff I knew
there your buddy my favorite place
excellent this is pretty damn good yeah
right
like I'm not gonna lie this is some
really good outside of Texas Mexican
food there you go Ally good job
nerd rocky what you doing over there
blows machine got no fingers man that's
this my drink take is that my drink
how's that limp yeah you're limping
you did it
look we got everyone here we got Duncan
this is Ryan and this is bait these are
the new blood for the tour and are you
front of the house no what are you doing
I'm back line and back line angry you
guys have a lot there's a front house so
now what you guys see them you'll know
their names
okay Nate Ryan everyone knows this guy
and I just hang out we're not here for
that I can do what I do on this store
all right guys well I'm gonna go to bed
you guys just met the new new blood for
we the kings the tour starts Friday oh
how they just brought something over
chai but it looks like holy crap we
gonna does it looks like a face or
something okay anyway I just want to say
thank you from above
the beginning of today's obviously sucks
with the seizure but the rest of the day
totally awesome I got to give a
high-five to my lovely wife for keeping
me safe I get a high five high five for
Joey home for Marla another one okay
there we go
thanks for watching today's video hope
you guys enjoyed it don't forget to
subscribe you guys are brand new and
we'll see you guys tomorrow as always
toodles doors
we'll keep
with a vaccine
they'll switch
