good morning guys we are at brunch aka
late breakfast I don't know why they
just don't say late breakfast in between
breakfast and lunch reason the word
brunch is just annoying to me you love
it
yeah branch is awesome you get like a
special kind of excited when people say
you're going to brunch outside they just
sit a tiny little ring of whipped cream
on the outside this time they did a
gigantic pile and it looks amazing
how's your french toast
good it's a branch oh no I don't even
know what this is
was that free compost what
what are you monkey no that's what that
means
alien are accepted in our dogs pack
alleys morning ritual still trying to be
try score I'm a cat with you and how
with you
oh you've parted - why didn't 40 own
this way now everyone just farted in
that room can I hang out or do fart
smells okay so is okay for now so I have
something fun to show you guys this
company called Ziya release this new app
basically where you can make your own
band so just search for Ziya at the app
store
we're gonna have a competition between
Ally myself alright so you can go
through and select within like
characters or verses and stuff like that
I like that one okay so I got the beat
complete
Ali and I are gonna retweet somewhere
our favorite songs and then in a few
days we're gonna show you guys some of
our favorite songs in the vlog all right
Val Eastern I feel like any of these log
jam
excuse me I'm busy producing so if you
could just come back later please don't
forget please don't forget please don't
forget your laughs again all right I
feel like I'm team Ally on this one I'm
gonna share that bees time so what you
do is you hit the share button and then
you select what should I call it yeah
you type whatever you want to do okay
CJ vaccine yep then click upload my
mother back and you got a gold record
you've got the hashtag right guys the
hashtag is very important because we're
gonna be retweeting our favorite ones
all right now there's a crucial question
guys are you team Charles our team Ally
I was just about poop so everyone loves
poop so tell us in the comments you
being alive and seizure-free serves so
yeah that app is called Ziya and i just
wanted to show it to you guys they asked
if we could show you guys in the vlog
and I said certainly because it's about
music and I thought you guys would have
some fun and I wanted to see if you guys
can make some really good ones why am I
talking about things
what am I talking about this is like one
of my favorite songs
I love the progression to it I don't
think we're gonna be getting this year
that no oh my god is that your milkshake
drop it drop it little girl jumper
trouble oh this is gonna be dangerous
Charles are you good now wiggle your
butt we'll go your butt like up and down
no no no up and down like that oh it's
always head on that good girl
nice doing business with you good job
snow you liked that much oh so there you
have it Zoe and Marlee are also expert
musicians probably actually better than
we are I think they do but definitely
better than mine Miley twerk time it
works good job high five nice to work
pumpkin pie
smells like fish every time I go to
Whole Foods or like The Fresh Market I
was feeling a need like a mustache like
an indie mustache I spit in
look at that monster right there Yuki
it's Godzilla it's okay it's Yuki
approved you actually freaked out
speaking of Godzilla you found a new
type of dinosaur what would you name it
here Macedon Macedon I like that Macedon
Internet what would you name a random
dinosaur they just was discovered by you
so Ali you can I are just shopping for
boats and yachts you know typical
typical Sunday what do you guys think
that one right there looks like a
floating whatever you wanted mom she
took my yard I wonder if that's ever an
argument some in someone's family but
Papa you promised me a yacht for the
summer so there's these people I don't
know if Ali can film it we're hiding
around the corner there's some some guys
blindfolded in Easton they led him
around the park blindfolded and they
just sat him on a bench and they're like
setting something up it's really cute I
think they're doing it for Lucas
birthday or just surprise him it looks
like they're making like a picnic for
him he's doing our end life yeah yeah
okay cool literally a blind date with
two chicks yeah waited too long we got
one wait wait you know you're never
gonna get him don't smash it down Holly
never grows up every time she sees a
tree she has to climb it
if anything over here you always did it
weight distribution well you can do it
one more time so she can see just walk
up the tree just make sure that you
don't let go their hands like so pull up
bring right yeah there we go well you
did it you got up there bye honey
throw my kg bug to be a fantasy
actually can't see her at all to the
camera I know she is and she survives
you're not gonna hurt yourself that far
you there's a lady over there with a
puppy there's a lady over there with a
puppy and she's selling those which is
awesome yeah they have a craft it's
awesome
ally do you want to get its autograph
it's a celebrity search Herbie Charlie
go get his autograph does that many
celebrities that we see around here that
one's a big one so everyone's on the
roof let's cut to nice little sunset
flight
you missed me I don't fly that thing
around me please I hate it
what are you doing nerd reading about
deep-diving
nerd ever returning from a 600 foot dive
the deepest dive on open-circuit scuba
was 1082 feet I could do that don't want
them I think the pool is that deep right
just get a couple pools 39 feet
recreational diving land for divers
under 12 years old check out all the
volume guys to my hair I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video I'll see you guys
tomorrow as always if you guys are brand
new don't forget to click that little
subscribe button I never know where it
is down there over there wherever it is
subscribe and I'll see you guys tomorrow
as always have a great night
you see what you did
with CTFxC
Thanks
they'll switch
