good morning morning Don hi guys stop
that one figure like stop that one it's
not gonna happen you just trying it
every time I turn off every single time
I turn the other way to go Gator Marley
come on let's go this way
oh who just ran into the door is that
goofy McGee over here good morning
what do you think gonna tell us where to
go did you get the GPS up so we're gonna
go to the beach cuz it's gonna be like
one of the last times I get to go to the
beach before the tour starts which is
next week and then right after that is
Warped Tour so it's gonna be like Bam
Bam Bam tor tor tor which is gonna be
nice because it's been like what it's
been like seven months since the last
tour and I had this idea where I'm gonna
put the GoPro on a stick so that way
when Zooey and Marley go get the stick
it's like right there by the face don't
get bit by a scorpion or a snake
Tourelles scorpion or spider I think it
is for work this is a logging guy I'm
hearing is that you got always call her
create other angles always your film
otherwise you'd avoid yourself see are
you pushing yourself what was it like
hammering off all right our usual fool
are you good
ah the beautiful beach Thanks another
beautiful beach mmm that's sexy alley
that's sexy when you hook up that boom
sexy cool picker all right so let's try
this little experiment so Zoe is waiting
patiently well kind of impatiently
actually for daddy to ring the stick as
it keeps throat already boring kiddo
oh my gosh no way no way don't I just
rip the one tiny piece of stick it was
so while Charles and Zoe and I are
enjoying ourselves he's wandering around
sorry it's really windy she's wandering
around having a blast this is what
Marley's doing over here and let's see
if I can get a zoom in on this section
Marley is all laying down totally
uninterested in anything else and now a
sneak peek and Charles Plummer butt
crack oh yeah there it is and all its
glory
that's sexy babe that's sexy so it looks
like Marley might have actually made
some friends which is rare and awesome
Oh nope now she's by herself again like
a sad little puppy Marley's a little
jealous all right now look behind you
now up in Tim's gone
my whatsit make it her do all the work
now she's filthy okay
now the camera is up there like no that
never happened delete that footage still
on the baby stages and then if you pan
over here Zoey's in our angsty teenage
stage these ten feet ahead of you at all
times
so embarrassing and you're coy you're
not English stupid baby sister still
wants to hold your hair like stupid baby
hold on Marley wait up wait for me just
like screw this I'm going home so that
was a nice relaxing fun day at the beach
that we haven't done in a long time as
you can tell they're already falling
asleep oh excuse me sir excuse me sir
all right sir do what I'll adjust your
weight balance I can't tell that sexual
or just angry me leave it again here for
unjust your white balance see that's all
sexual I gotta side of the corniest a
greeting card in the world you're the
picture of perfection whenever I see you
you f-stop my heart that is actually
really ever good that needs to be like a
meme somebody in the internet world
needs to make that a meme right now I
was going into more photography jokes
we're talking about names with babies
and I thought it would be really funny
if like someone named their son like
James peg and for short they're called
JPEG
all right everyone thumbs up for the Q
factor right here oh boy
so yesterday the spaghetti squash pizza
kind of failed somebody in the comments
suggested since I don't like to call if
I won so this makes my house mug puke
and fart deal just with with broccoli so
I'm gonna try it with broccoli what
those noses is a friggin majestic ass
bird excuse me mister Osprey you are on
a house while you're up there do you
mind taking down the Christmas lights
stuff doing up there bird nothing just
busy being majestic is getting spa
treatment there Marc put a puppy day
today huh
it's still funny and she likes to vacuum
and hair dry hair blue is a hair dryer
hair blown closer technically we blow
dried and vacuum she's scared of
everything else in the world
boxes wrappers bags but vacuums and hair
dryers she's totally cool with house
smell like poo or anything like that she
wasn't here when I was doing the
cauliflower call for broccoli smells way
better what do you think Zoe you were
here it's all out of here doodoo penis
hungry take two of the pizza experiment
so we knew that another editing magic so
you guys off the wait 15 minutes and
we'll put that in there BAM and I
changed oh it's all foggy so far I gotta
admit this looks pretty good so
basically is the same exact thing is the
cauliflower one it just used broccoli
instead and it already smells better the
house smells a lot better I like my
fancy little pizza ah look at this this
is looking I think this is the best one
I've ever made alright be honest on a
one to ten scale how much do you want
that right now alright taste test this
baby sees the only problem about this
stuff is it doesn't keep like it's not
like actual pizza Marley shut up it just
falls apart oh damn
and on that note so before I go to bed I
was just told by dftba they found a
bunch of the CTFxC anti kill the brain
cancer t-shirts that go to charity so if
you go to CTFxC mercy comm there are a
few left in a couple of the sizes and a
couple of the shirts I'm not sure but
they just literally told me
about 45 minutes ago so if you guys want
that this is probably the last chance as
well as the tank top shirts and all the
hoodies they're all in stock as well so
please do not fart in my face okay
please their bellies rumbling right now
so I will see you guys tomorrow as
always hope you guys did join today's
video don't forget to subscribe and are
you guys
you see what you did
with CTFxC
vexy
they'll switch
