all right guys good morning time to get
blood what are you doing anyway I was
looking back at that clip that was
probably the most priceless clip ever
Martha back under the vidya video clip
anyway so i have to get blood today and
I feel like Ali and are still on
California time still you're on
California time I was doing so well that
I was trying to keep with that like when
I came back from gintoki ogun waking up
earlier but now that we've gone to
California and we stayed up late there
three hours behind us so we were up to
like five in the finger I'm I'm Oscar
time travel sucks marty mcfly so awesome
to go to California but when you come
back you first of all the travel you
lose an entire day
dad always got a minute I think it's
funny if you want to see it but it sucks
a lot of people in front of needles they
still want to see it so funny getting in
a car getting in a puddle got it mmm
blood good news is i only have to do
this once a month so when i'm on tour
only once a month do i have to do this
oh there's so much nicer you so much
every week i remember that which would
be so crazy for you to try to schedule
all that out on tour God a warp tour to
go as I'm eating this I'm sitting next
to three people that are triathletes
they can feel so bad right now
nothing we just got back and I see three
little packages right here ready to open
them hey I just got a call and I guess
make some appointments for Zoey Marley
for their annuals so alli and I are
getting through some paperwork high five
I just made a bunch of calls no he told
me to come over cuz you didn't
understand what those I just kind of
walked away in the middle talking to the
lady like oh you do it pretty get your
shots at the vet any of those shot at
the vet there's stick something up your
butt make sure you're healthy what was
once a bunch of papers and bills and fun
stuff is now nothing but water in one
bill and Zoey now I want to open these
damn boxes what could these be what
could these be hopefully something cool
because they came in threes what could
this be I rhyme in with my timing so
damn good let me knock on wood I wasn't
even wood don't you wish you could all
right these are is this your plaque so
YouTube sent the silver plaques for the
other channels there's Ali's plaque yeah
that's all yours the alley channel
actually get a ranking mission for
something I did that's my name oh I
haven't even shattered it is true Zoey
coming taken away from the effect you
flipping over there oh this is a nice
frame too that's it come on Zoe stop
slurping that's me you guys got an award
Barlow's like I know just put it on my
belly well you need pants on the trippy
channel has pretty much become the zoo
and marley channel good job guys have
you been sitting like that all day yeah
just been waiting for you guys get home
so remember that alligator from last
time Lauren saw him again so we're gonna
try to fly the helicopter with
alright so we have Ted the Blowfish what
do we want to call the alligator should
call it Ali the alligator what should we
name the alligator I want to go back
then next time also thumbs up because i
did not land that in the water or hit
Lauren to myself in the face it is kind
of intimidating ones coming right now
yeah that's my new favorite thing is
flying right on my face and then duck
feels like I like an action movie or
something like that they have a Michael
Bay movie it's like you're playing
chicken with yourself yeah pretty soon
my alligator huh oh my god what do you
see what he looks like predator you know
he's like all good look oh ha that cool
will you jealous that I wouldn't play
with an alligator will you jealous are
you shaking are you cold ali wheres her
jacket where's your little varsity
jacket would you bring out here your two
gorillas ball pretty good fair ball in
the world what are you dancing
so what's up the gas project i can do
that better than you dan wait do the
first couple okay oh the sweeping that's
see if i can do it like that like that
pretty close to that yeah perfect I like
that you got the humming going is that
it not even close okay you willing this
then you went down and then back up Biff
we're Biff moly that's you she doesn't
want to come I'm not coming out there
you got the camera all right Biff you
showing off your jacket showing your
butthole to Zoe too bad that wasn't
number three which is my favorite number
is that your favorite number two number
three za nose is the X whoo you fallin
what's wrong
oh he keeps slipping I can't freakin
believe it I look at it like I use
where's this button you guys getting a
puppeteer today cuz they're puppies and
they're getting massages and uh
pedicures Martha's taking a Oh Zoe
could even the grass you're not a cow
are we at the grocery store chucky
cheese
this is awesome
this is awesome so one of you awesome
people sent me a recipe for spaghetti
squash pizza pizza crust so instead of
using cauliflower and stinking up my
entire house i'm going to use spaghetti
squash spaghetti squash do you need a
big bag of peanuts Oh Ali's challenging
me to a basketball match you're going
down
Charles Trippy that's cheating
cheater I used to do that on the where
does the skee-ball and skeeball they had
to put up a little thing I hire because
me my sister or like this no way we have
so many tickets
sir shokudo all right so let's try the
spaghetti squash pizza I wish life was
like a cooking show where I could put
this in in in the next cut it would just
literally beat Capone to back out oh
wait I have the internet and the ability
to cut okay we'll put that in oh and
we're done hey I tried at least right
saved you guys 45 minutes tannaz trying
to burn myself mmm I shouldn't be known
right now so what I think I'm literally
gonna do is do the exact same recipe is
a cauliflower pizza crust but just
substitute cauliflower and just do this
instead we'll see if it works fingers
crossed well they turn your head
straight it's like her ear just like
mixer so heavy she always does that so
you're always thinking about something
and you're always confused difference
between the cauliflower pizza and this
is that it takes freaking ever I don't
know it's essentially gonna work but oh
I wanted pop-ups white spot get your
samurai hair yeah what tell him
something we have we have something in
that I was gonna say for you ready good
news everyone just waiting I had to pull
her out of the bathroom while she's
getting ready due to the fact that a lot
of the shirts in the tank tops were out
of stock in the hoodies I asked dftba to
do a nice little restocking sale so all
the tank tops hoodies and t-shirts that
you guys have been asking me to restock
are back at CTFxC merch com so go get
your tank tops and get ready for warp
tour because the summer is coming I'm
doing a lot of stuff like this so BAM
CTFxC mercom everything's restocked
right now to 10 smells good I don't know
if it's gonna taste good get in there I
don't think it's actually crusty enough
my taste tester actually looks like it
actually came out well it's really good
good so unlike the colorful one seat
doesn't really hold up to its pizza
standards that's the only thing I'm
bummed about all right little butt heads
ready to go pee then we can go to bed
right Biff that cool of you alright guys
I hope you guys enjoyed today's video
I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
don't forget to subscribe you guys are
brand new and don't forget to check out
the shirts hoodies and tanks I was
talking about earlier that way you can
get them before they're gone sorry
alright so I'm just gonna edit this clip
and then pass out he's always just gonna
go good now save me a spot
can you see what you did to
hey my CTFxC
with short tip
send a vexing
to else with chubby
