good morning guys today we're going home
ready to go home last night I went to
take my pills and they gave me every
single time I remember the last time
we're on tour and it happened and Danny
woke up in the middle of the night
laughing they always had their expensive
waters for example five dollars for a
thing of water just like last time it
was like rummaging trying to find some
water just like doing this making sure I
don't get like wine or champagne I feel
this I'm like oh that feels like water
open it up I hear
sure enough sparkling water I love
sparkling water but it just sucks in the
middle of a 5:00 in the morning what
sucks is this has happened to me before
happened before it was funny last time
Danny woke up in the middle of the night
just chuckling Shay sent me home with a
bunch of socks since I had a bunch of
socks that weren't his he's like no you
gotta wear mine that's a very cozy I was
wearing them last night as you can see
right there do you like my packing yeah
then you just shut it so before we leave
Ali and I are trying to find food
Gustavo
bound food
so reading in Paris maybe italic if I
can open Pass
Paris is closed this is amazing
did that pancake or french toast this is
french toast oh it lost bread
it's finished oats toast called french
toast and france or french fries breathe
and I got to tell her he's gonna put
that right here I got an idea
I'm gonna make my own french toast yeah
yeah I love to tell it like my own
french toast french toast
hmm
hmm one thing Charles has none that make
sense
one thing Charles has none of it's
called self-control and how they put
that in front of me destroyed even she
always laughs I mean because she buys
cookies and just watches because I end
up eating all the know I think there's a
proximate bit on this thing there at
Leslie Valley always buys cookies it
just watches she'll leave them out like
little looks traps just to see if I eat
them because I have no self-control I
give that for my father he loves sweets
and cookies my mom couldn't buy them
because my dad would always steal them
and eat all that's me here I'll see you
later
so we say that the hotel where basically
everybody from The Wizard of Oz state
when they were filming just down the
street and I gotta show you guys this
just get ready with a little pause
button I'll show you all the fun stuff
I posit all right pause it all right
pause it
all right pause it also another fun
thing you know when the Scarecrow asked
for a brain any recites pellagra lag
reom theorem pellagra I came to say it
so do I have a brain
he actually recites the wrong formula
little fun fact
nice little spike blonde joke you know
like how do you kill on put some spikes
on her shoulders and ask her a question
Tyrone's be a super shredder from the
new Turtles super shredder from Ninja
Turtles yeah go ninja go ninja go what
was the original movie where they not
original beware what was the original
villains name his name was
shredder was this is this shredder super
was like the evolution that was due to
Turtles 2/3 like it was the cool like
everything there is to know about last
night she recited the evil women villain
from Emperor do it again I don't want to
I do it all the time you do it again
don't be shy crown can you do hit him on
the head I know what I'll do I'll turn
you in
I'll put that three inside of a box then
I'll put that box inside of another box
then I'll bail that box myself and when
it arrives I'll semester with a hammer
she's awesome
what is the date today so two years ago
was our first surgery that mr. diver sir
March next that's few years ago was the
first oh good
crazy right backwards high-pass
that's our new thing backwards high-five
well you have rings make your hand like
that right beside that that's a new
thing guys backwards high-five so two
years ago one more step and then we're
home and ready I got a question for the
internet I saw a commercial and just
popped in my head this is completely
random but Audrey Hepburn burst Marilyn
Monroe who's hotter tell me in the
comments who you think why they're
totally but Audrey Hepburn's way hotter
who's your type of girl huh who's your
type of girl though I like both of them
for different reasons Internet
who's your type of girl I think it tells
you tells a lot about the person bill 25
so our flight is delayed till 11 p.m.
I'm 15 p.m. so I'm kind of debating on
just getting a car and driving or you
just take eight hours are you driving at
your fair come on let's drive I don't
have to drive I can asleep have you ever
had a hard time unlocking your phone
with your thumbprint like how the bat
responses here's something I read online
if you guys have you guys have the
sensitive whatever things why do you
thing with the thumbprint
promises no mixing where you can choose
five different fingerprints right here
what you should do is to if thumb that
you want to do with five different
angles so that way no matter what angle
you got with your thumb it'll always
unlock it doesn't make sense I apologize
I'm trying to I'm just so tired right
now
does that make sense to you I wasn't
spaced out it's based out
I am happy surgery very diverse urban
versus very very very well almost word
Alexia rain looks like the rain this is
it Poseidon who was a God of rain go
home that's important anyway what I was
saying is they've got that online and
you ought to read it online until it's
true so just a little tip it so we're
just passing time right now looking at
reddit and all that fun stuff here's
something that the mulled over right now
guys the year 1980 is as far away as
2046 think about that that's really
weird to think about here's another
little random thing just because we're
like they have so much time on our hands
literally Google Johnny Depp without a
fedora you're gonna get nothing but
Johnny Depp with a fedora
that's awesome this is nothing but the
Doris
yes yeah it's so cold right now ah
I hope it's freezing when we get home
damn where is my favorite fish in the
world oh good i dead
friendly youtube warning turn down the
volume and pull out the earbuds for just
this next section hey you guys want
unpack everything someone I'm black get
a mic awesome news is we are back home I
just wanted to kind of talk really quick
because it's been two years since my
first surgery
it's my serger bursary it's kind of a
hard word to say and just kind of
thinking about what's happened in the
past two years it's kind of crazy that's
already been two years can you believe
it that's just better believe it cuz
true screenshot that incented alley yeah
so I just wanted to say thank you guys
so much for all this love and support
the last couple years I can't believe
it's already been two years since that's
silly surgery and essentially saved my
life anyway so I'm just kind of like
deep packing right now because the best
deep packing is always the best because
then you could just relax and oh boy hey
should I get this in the dryer the
washing machine right now cuz it smells
like shays beard and shaving cream or
whipped cream gonna probably clean it
right away now so I just wanted to say
thank you guys for all the support don't
forget to subscribe
and here's tour surgeon bursary or
second server sory yeah have a great
night
see what you did
- ants with
