good morning guys say it's a special day
and I have no pants on phase one we have
arrived 1 & 2 I'm sorry phase 1 & 2 are
done
what's phase 3 getting into okay hi
hi princess anymore
a big tired Sun tart that you are going
to jump out nice it's taped together
like a champ
I hope where do you come from
this is mine
surprise yeah just let me know when you
want to start pushing things so it looks
like I'm gonna have to fight for my
wife's daughter yeah but I told I told
them it's just because I'm new and it's
true that as soon as actually so you
hitting on my wife suggested that I try
to get the live show I've been tweeting
from Shay's phone please do you want to
jump on the cake - that's your hat
that's that's a little small I think
Oh watching battery you're fired
oh my gosh you should just definitely
taste the beer to your belly this is
exactly what I was talking about
as soon as Cecily gets here it's madness
getting married this weekend what am i
doing you off in mini golf or get
married what you doing there buddy I
love it best Jay Carl impression perfect
best shaycarl impression Hey
I'm vlogging here sorry perfect okay
give me your best shaycarl impersonation
mr. Charles hood in that case the
morning everybody but you said it was
really hot in there
that's where my phone was I've been
wanting to refresh something it really
is a dream come true of a dream I never
knew I even have if I was to script
exactly what I would want my life to be
like like this is better than what I
could even come up with so I appreciate
all of you guys with your brother doing
no idea your brother just shameful right
now Jason you've been trying to get a
piece for a walk they've been friends
where is there - I did not think it was
gonna be you that's let's see it
you wanna see my look at my my
certificate we've loved way better than
a platinum record bones up this picture
you guys thumbs up this vlog - right now
it's loves it up and let's go subscribe
closer you're almost 2 million yeah like
60,000 oh yeah
there's no Erica where's the pre-roll on
this picture ok a knife no does it look
like a watermelon see ya
don't eat the seeds
their chocolate chip that's even better
deepa seats eat him fast
Alex come shake the hand that shook
Barack Obama everyone just constantly
voice is so not any laughs we got like
he was laughing we were laughing not get
him back he's gone say he's gone bread
tastes hard stick your hand out you know
we have it I see your hands to my new
daughter is that signed my greens our
hands only in LA pulled over to riding a
bike sir you're doing - Poppa Willie
this is a no Papa Willie's own I'm sorry
I'm gonna if you a ticket got a pullout
bronzed chair have you fallen down the
stairs yeah that's the thing that sucks
is his room is upstairs like a giant
flight of wooden stairs poor Ron so
we're all discussing right now that
whole viral video about Christopher
Lloyd and the hoverboards do you think
it's real or fake expunging the
beginning I haven't seen that record
just looks fake art if you guys could
have a real-life hoverboard how much
would you pay for one Ron if it was real
how much would you pay I would pay
when you surprise with a surprise
absolutely yeah look at yes sir he is
going down on us oh I like that it kind
of looks like a hermit crab a little bit
actually like here hold it right here
hold this for me well did you look
really comfortable actually buddy
I think he's gonna I think baby chard
deserves a dip in the little water you
like turtles right do you like turtles
you're like fishies yeah she wouldn't
let me go by so I just had to pick her
up she said what's the password and
Charles said this everyone knows a
secret phrase is fart boogers oh yes
pause everything O'Brien MBA yep but the
question is can he dunk I mean he end up
from the free-throw line at the baseline
say hi Pam do you need something to
relieve
oh don't hiccups I'm sure their hand
bring that in there get that in there
I'm sorry Amy just took me and we are
getting the crucial ingredient for a
change birthday the annual pying of
shaycarl in the face birthday let's get
already pressed
let's go extra creamy yeah
that's funny cuz I came in and I saw the
camera and I searched that like pie
I didn't hide it well enough I'm telling
the story of you doing the pie brewer
while you were gone act like I was like
oh what an interesting story that was a
sweet block duties to replay Charles in
the Edit on a CD label let's see that
slow rock come here he's like I don't
think so my god I don't know I think
Charles II the kiss now I'm so sorry you
should get there we go show your mom get
out of - dad I don't care okay see
tongue in my cheek that rule number one
guys would be PI your friends always
clean up can't leave a mess otherwise
it's just not fun anymore then you're
just kind of a douche we did it
internet high pot so at least have
brought another cake then we're not
going to pie with this is a good one
Braley how's your hair goes
I'm scared like something because a
pastry is gonna come out yeah sniff it
oh yeah it's just sour milk yeah yeah
yeah you guys want to make this short
and sweet because you guys literally
just saw the whole day I'm just so happy
Ali and I were able to come out here and
share this with the family the entire
crew and friends and family that made
this happen we are truly honored that we
were asked to come out here and surprise
Shay I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video don't forget to subscribe if you
guys are brand new and click that little
like button for Shady's birthday and go
check out Shay's channel if you have no
idea who he is
the Shaytards just google them and 2pi
him in the face for the third year if
you guys don't know what I'm talking
about I want to put on the screen year
one when I hide them in 2010 and then
your two in 2012 where I hide over here
so you can go check out those vlogs it
was even crazier when I watched those
videos is to see where we were in our
life wouldn't it happened like both of
us alright so I'll see you guys tomorrow
as always don't forget to subscribe and
hope you guys enjoyed today's video
doodles
taxi
who else with Justin
