okay so mom and I went out for a walk
kind of midday walk because we're gonna
be doing the half marathon we're gonna
be walking walking it and in the
Sarasota half marathon because my mom
actually just had the surgery as you
guys know and she's not really allowed
to run it but she got the okay to walk
it so I'm gonna do with her I mean boo I
mean yeah I don't want to walk so yeah
we are stopping at this little kind of
lake by where we're walking I can't even
speak right now I'm I think I might be
having a heat stroke but there's an
alligator I'll try to show you this is
my mom's alligator she sees it every day
yeah I'm gonna zoom in oh there we go
and there you go that is a massive
alligator that bird is really brave I'm
gonna all right we're done now I'm gonna
leave because they're really fast I
think he's probably relaxing and tired
but I don't want to get chased down by
an alligator right is that true it's not
true Internet I've heard that as well
but I wasn't sure if it was true or not
they run really fast like 30 miles per
hour top speed faster than I can see
could you imagine a gigantic like lizard
like a dinosaur running after you 30
miles per hour how about no I'm gonna
just veto that action right now so my
mom and I were just talking about how
you know it's already getting hot in
Florida
I know geez they're playing rude and a
lot of people you know across the world
are wishing that winter we're over and
that spring would just happen but I'm
kind of bumming out actually that it's
getting so warm also it is perfect
we were talking about how we need to be
more thankful for beautiful days like
this because when you're in the midst of
winter you kind of forget the days like
this exist you kind of wish the winter
was over and then when they happen you
got to appreciate them because we have
days like this quite a lot in Florida
but just got to appreciate it it's one
of those little things in life you know
take the time go for a walk
breathe some fresh air drink some water
and maybe don't get eaten by an
alligator cuz that's just not a good
idea so as you saw earlier today Aly and
Lauren are practicing for is the half
marathon of the marathon practice what
what is it the half day training
practicing or training warming up get
your little leggings but Lauren's done
it every single year so she doesn't want
to miss it so she has to walk it this
time and speaking of walk it this is a
little fattie needs to go for a little
walk in a little fattie you and Marley
switched it up number Wolverine daddy
Claudia please sir baby are they so good
ever so we doing it and now she's doing
it she's complaining on Zoey pulling
away now she's doing it she has never
done that before
good one dang it's so funny cuz after we
do this is so much harder to hear them
when they walk you barely hear him when
they walk around the house get those
dewclaws she always like clearly through
her nail yeah Zoey it's difficult I've
actually cut her quick one time before
and it made her really upset see if we
can hear Marley holy crap you can barely
hear her ollie Hindu holy crap you're
Knight now in stealth mode No
I want to go for a walk can you actually
bring dogs for the whatever that the
marathon
I feel like Zoe would tap out halfway
but I think Marley would do it I'm like
Zoe I'm totally not gonna do it I'll
support everyone but I'll just support
from the sidelines typically we don't
leave that on but you know sometimes she
pulls and it chokes her so we don't want
her to like you know hurt her throat but
she rubs so badly whenever you put it on
it and here's where i roughly fell on my
face while you were gone
trying to rescue the helicopter hey what
are the smartest things I've ever done
or there's put that on a list of one of
the smartest things I've ever done cuz
there's a few please trying to funny
watching Marlee trying to draft Zoe it's
like I don't know it's way to go these
swings are on the right come on sweep
around the right somebody lost her
privileges
Kassim I like a mile before she gets it
don't eat that food Marlee Charles just
stepped in it Oh sing birth 100 yeah I'm
looking for cheap on iTunes now one
handed I get pretty good at this much
better than it used to be
go away just a few guys who ever
wondered how much power these wings have
the powers have that's just like kind of
an example right there all you gotta do
is keep blowing all these leads back in
the road from this neighbor's tree this
is a fun way to do it watching the
Oscars battling Marley with the Girl
Scout cookies evermore they all help you
I don't like the mints
Thin Mints no they meant Zagros internet
tell me your favorite Girl Scout cookie
so I went back home because I'm not
feeling too good my stomach is it's like
so weird I've never had nausea before so
I don't know if it is nausea but it's
like it doesn't hurt but I feel like if
I throw up I feel better which i think
is what nausea is so I came back and I'm
just watching some movies movies on
Netflix anyway good news should have
talked about this the other day
the CTFxC reached a half a billion views
which is being amazing I guess this
happened a couple days ago but the CTFxC
has officially reached a half a billion
views and I was like thinking about that
number I just touched it yes I have a
weird freaking pimple on my side my head
I keep seeing that every time I add it
but I just wanted to say how amazing
that is a half a billion to think about
that just think about that number so I
just wanted to say thank you guys for
that and for keeping the CTFxC so strong
it's just phenomenal it's like one of
those things where like when I was first
starting doing YouTube videos and
everyone thought I was crazy I wish I
could just go like this - and just like
Nana Nana and I don't do that kind of
stuff because that's not what I'm about
I'm rambling a lot I just want to say
thank you guys so much a half a billion
views we're gonna high-five on the count
of 3 1 2 3 I know you guys always tell
me to shut up and stop apologizing for
short videos but I do always feel bad
but today just not was
not happening for me I just every time I
was trying to what is this this is stuck
every time we try to go out and do
something I was just like want to lay
back down no rules no rules so there's
new rules in the tripi household except
no picking up the bed poor doc the
British I come in the fine Charles
watching Groundhog Day and I thought
that would help
no well you're doing I thought you
drinking water we drink it's like you
know it's like I'm his wife but I also
have to kind of be his mom
I always nag him like did you take your
pills did you drink your water I can't
have to like make sure he's healthy so
does the bad time you gonna sorry if I
do you just like slammed into me with
your crotch yeah and he's like washing
my eyeballs in my beauty I send a photo
of Homer balls of my booty but that's it
for today if you guys haven't already
seen my favorites video for the month of
January that's uploaded a month late
because I usually upload it beginning of
February Japan yeah it was gone so I
kind of you know fudged over here it's
here right here you can watch it on
Ally's
yeah I'm gonna dude no Alan had a
channel she has a channel to rate up
there I have one that's there it is
right there
so I'm gonna be uploading a haul
actually from Japan a lot of you guys
have requested that and I have plenty of
good stuff to show you so I'll be doing
in Japan haul and I'm also going to be
doing like an updated skincare routine
and updated everyday makeup routine I
don't know what you're doing but what
are you doing with any cute that's good
oh yeah and a huge thank you to throw
boy those pillows because they're
awesome love it all right babe we'll see
you tomorrow
with sexy
they'll switch
