haircut time haircut time hair Qatar
Ericka time good morning so I'm out to
brunch with my mom Charles isn't feeling
well again its last day of this chemo
cycle and he is just feeling a little
bit sick and tired so he's hanging out
at home we're gonna bring him some
snacks later but after brunch it's a
really nice day so here we are and I'm
the only one in Florida wearing a hat
right now that's cause my hair is dirty
so since Charles isn't with me
I am at liberty to buy candles although
what did you just tell me well don't
tell me I told you he was um bam bam
y'all there you have it so even though
he complains all the time about the
candles
he totally burned candles while I wasn't
home which is like probably the cutest
thing I've ever heard actually that's so
cute
there's a cow it's a couple days I
noticed that my hair was getting kind of
multi in the back so I scheduled a
haircut made a dick and a side of his
head the majus personality he asked me
if I was gonna get a female dog on the
side of my head I said yes well that's
how we work anyway so I'm gonna get a
haircut cuz a lot of people would call
me a hobo in the background the
background of the comments the
background just the background the
background don't know what I'm gonna do
I think I wanna switch it up a little
bit also here's a little fun thing I
think I'm gonna do it
alright here's a fun little thing or the
other day I was talking about if you're
doing juice right after brushing your
teeth tastes like crap secret is to wash
your mouth out like rinse your mouth out
several times with hot water or warmer
than hot not hot water I don't want you
guys burning yourself so here's the
ultimate test holy crap it worked it
actually worked now I can have a little
cup holder at least occupying both cup
holders with our nuts ma'am could you
move your nuts man could you please move
your nuts your nuts are in my place
I'm so surprised this is actually
working I guess the thing is that it
revisits rejuvenates your taste buds so
it makes them work again I don't know
what I'm talking about I'm just talking
my ass there were the sounds right
doesn't it happening we have convinced
an army of women to convince Charles
there's a lot of convincing happening to
shave the sizes that he's getting like
it like a David Beckham right now you're
not taking this seriously fun
pissing me off oh I like that I like
that oh my god that's a good place to
start hi beautiful
she always get so mad when I go there
it's so cute
I love this one mind if I come over
did you know you have a really pretty
head shape so I think that's gonna look
good on you
yeah you hear that you got a pretty hair
are you afraid this Ryan do you want to
shave my head
no we put it at one we put a dick in the
side of the pan getting brain surgery
yes somebody did put a penis okay stop
right there leave it like that you don't
have one that would fit inside that is
two bags don't cheat Charles no peeking
I think we should just stop right here I
think we're done
right now turn around show on the back
oh I'll never leave with a half haircut
ladies and gentlemen please let your
stylist finish horse do it and start the
newest trend
all right we're still cleaning it up now
that's making it fast
making it fresh so we're trying to
figure out hip the scar shows know if it
does we're trying to figure out a story
other than brain surgery so I only came
up with I saved a puppy from a bald
eagle forget the girl bring me diamonds
look so hot I like it you like it yeah
we've concluded it's a little bit
vanilla I see I think there's some
vanilla ice you want to bait a little
lightning bolt in there Wi-Fi logo if we
get two million subscribers by the end
of this tour I will do a Wi-Fi logo in
the back side of my head
as much as I want that I don't want that
turn around show them Oh 2 million a be
2 million post haircut celebratory lunch
because I didn't lose my hair you know I
know cuz you made a huge mess you can't
do anything like a normal person can t
you are in so much trouble right now oh
my gosh what happened you're bringing
pants you stinker that should be fine
though you are such a dingus I thought
you were worried because I got on my new
wallet right guys I graduated from the
rubberband
I got a wallet now I actually got a
wallet
I got a big-boy wallet I had to get
dessert want some dessert
jelly thinks that's far the worst thing
on there everything else is good for you
what's rolling it I've never had one
that blows up like that it blow up the
Newman fish egg exploded
Blair that's weird we're those things
made of what's up with your ear today
that's very strange to learn it Altoid
your breath stinks though just licked it
so he licked my Altoid I need a new one
grad Zoey likes peppermint stuff I like
it again yes I like this we are off to
go see we wanted to go see initially
frozen but I'm an idiot
brought my pills so now I'm dragging
Allie to lego movie
snackies next you get do you like it
that's my hoodie man the eternal
struggle of trying to get though to go
home do you like thing that was Dennis
way too much the eternal struggle oh
come on Joey Marley
let's go and surprise through that home
dude you make watching TV very very
annoying so today was a pretty good day
it's usually the day after chemo is with
my stomach and stuff like really kind of
I think it like just accumulates because
like stomach is hurting again right now
I've been taking you guys a suggestion
and drinking a lot a lot of water not to
say that I wasn't earlier I'm just
doubling what I used to do and I'm
already feeling a little bit better see
what I'm saying she was going just
waiting for me to talk to do something
Zoey
everyone knows pretty white eve did you
dog your braces do they have doggy
braces is this what girls do before they
go to bed mm-hmm is it white guys do
before they go to bed I literally take
my pants off my shirt off and I fall
asleep it's what women do I mean I
couldn't do that but I dig it
women I would not opposed to that you
would not oppose to that I would not be
against that that right women I would be
for the Hat there we have something
giant here too
today I'd like to myself in that near
the car right how does that matter
Thanks that were the scars
you gotta see where the scar is you're
not how do I do this
I'll be embarrassed okay you're fired
we're gonna hit me in the face I'm not
gonna hit you you're good
all right that's perfect not that hot
that's not bad when you're this close to
my head it is holy that's hot
all right so now take the little
Cooper's to go well to go poop ready and
then we can go to bed all right so it's
time to go to bed come here I gotta pick
that up I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video
actually I wanted to ask you guys what
do you guys think about the new Charles
2014 hairstyle I was trying to you know
I've been wanting to switch it up for a
very long time had the same haircut if
you guys have googled my my old previous
haircuts you know you know I've had some
pretty bad ones in the past and I wanted
to kind of switch it up a little bit so
that's why I wanted to do this I'm
digging it so what do you guys think
tell me in the comments yea or nay
I forgot how comfortable the Simpsons
chair is it's not gonna falling asleep
here
say what you
they'll switch
let's go
