going home this is the longest line I've
seen it like 4:00 in the morning at an
airport if I get home it's actually
gonna funny I thought I was gonna be
late
we didn't be what turns out that's where
I was
and this is where I need to be literally
just cross the hallway I was ready to
run I got the hottest super driver
just don't tell Ally
I seriously other you wanted riding
goober even though the band pays for it
she wanted to see my beautiful face
it's my beautiful face
we're actually gonna go a lot something
on the plane it's the first thing I said
when I got the car I was like got
something on the plane you gotta go pick
up hopefully sure you guys today if not
the probably chaotic I might fall asleep
we're actually going to build er tonight
the comedian which is really fun because
I've been to a comedy show since it
flooded the courts with last one a
everyone to Murray
it's Brett great a little out of it
right now as I'm sorry I just I woke up
so early
or to bed silly this is a typical like
super
that was yeah that's it I'm spying but
it's like I get a little weird the same
uber account so that's why I sound like
a super creep
it isn't like kind of like find my
friends well like I feel like slide my
friends makes stalking okay well you
only find your friends so it doesn't
really matter their family that works
like I have it on my mom cuz so when she
says that she's leaving my sister and I
can go you haven't left yet my mom we're
tracking you I'm hopefully gonna figure
out asleep somewhere in there
he's Frost I don't know how I did it but
I broke one pair of glasses and I lost
my favorite pair so Alan and I just went
got some glasses I wanted to go for
something a little bit more funky I feel
like I did kinda like them though I only
thinks I look hot so well not they're
just like my fear that I have it's
actually kind of funny they're the exact
same pairs Ellie but hers are in gold
and now mine are black so we're just
stealing each other's style actually
twinsies
to be me hashtag I'm the coolest cat
around hashtag you're never gonna be
this oh yes
twinsies did we just become that couple
well the fact that you just said hip
where Kenneth this takes us down a nice
it does not hey I say groovy and using
like that spit these two groovy the
funny word but it's also making it's a
very old thing to say uh-huh
trying to think of that's so sick people
say stupid now that's so stupid yeah
they do yes they do right when something
so cool it's so stupid
righteous I don't think they've said
that in years Oh an internet slang
people do people so should people ship
yeah ship would be one I don't know
there's so shit people okay in the
comments guys let us know some more
internet slang like you know I I ship
you dope is not know that's that's fresh
that's I'd say that's a tease but
something that I love but rad was
definitely kind of surfer ish I mean
something that came from the internet
like let me know
let us and I want to see a bunch of
stuff in the comments and we're all
gonna read it we're all we were like oh
by the way I don't know Frankie filmed
it I was playing like Billie Jean bad
thriller and beat it it's nothing but
Michael Jackson's songs for some reason
I got on this Michael Jackson get it's
true thriller do you do you haven't a
lot of those all they're all of them for
some reason I relate to Halloween
I think it's thrilling I think thrilling
bring job this is a long clip of nothing
below friends friends my friend hi
friends are you competing typical
Florida nice and rainy but I am not
complaining because it is not 100
degrees outside it actually feels
relatively nice obviously you guys can
see I am with Kaitlyn and we are getting
ready to go for a walk this afternoon I
am in like such a competitive mode right
now I'm sure you guys picked up on in
the past couple of days since we've had
the whole like Apple watch competition
with our friends where we're trying to
see who can complete their workouts the
quickest or I should say first who burns
the most calories
all the above all the above and I would
see Charles and the boys keep winning
and it's I'm not a competitive person
but it is getting under my skin ever so
slightly so I feel like I need someone
here like my sister to give me that
extra motivation just to push a little
harder so we're gonna go for a nice walk
today it's been really when do you pass
a couple of days and it's just the
weather it's been overcast slightly
raining
we came down by the water so check out
these waves
I pretty much as you guys saw slept for
24 5 hours
no three and a half hours and all the
animals were on Todd you film them on
top of me just took a photo
I told him yeah all of them were
sleeping on top of me
very very funny a little uncomfortable
Marley was by my side of the thing Rika
was just chilling on top of me
and so Zoey somehow got under my legs
pretty funny
laugh your ass off yeah you guys can't
see it I'll show you guys in a second
hold on I have a good idea that's the
new fuzz he's no longer gray we dyed his
hair you're gonna have to pardon my
absence in today's video guys I'm so
sorry I'm so tired I was enabled see the
thing is with college shows I love them
to death there's so much fun but the
thing is you have to wake up at 3:00 or
4:00 in the morning get on a plane and
then do that the next day and stay up
all day so it just gets a little tiring
that's what kind of sucks is like it
kills your whole next day aka today
luckily we have this to do it you know
the Bill burr show so it's like not a
waste obviously I'm not going to go film
this he'd probably kick my ass
however I would though but we're gonna
go you're gonna have a little bit of a
little bit of fun a little laughter
you're right over there what do you want
what do you want attention
have you noticed every time I turn the
camera on this guy is lapping water over
here might as well be doing a little bit
strokes marley lesson almond oh by the
way he had a joke about almonds it's
actually true ally always it wasn't bill
bird it was the other guy he was like
it's not even a food you know how I know
it's not a food my dog doesn't yeah my
dog
this one though
see those almonds right I hear somebody
hey buddy
Eureka huh oh okay come on today I just
I just needed this guys I really
honestly needed to catch up because I
don't you know like when I get lack of
sleep not to get all like crazy but like
I noticed when I get lack of sleep and
stressed out things happen with my brain
so I just needed to sleep because I have
a little bit of stress from traveling
it's you know lack of sleep so I just
wanted to say thank you so much for
watching today's video even if it is a
little bit shorter than normal I hope
you enjoyed today's video please don't
forget to subscribe and again let us
know some internet slang because we we
suck at that we're totally behind the
times here's the guys have a great night
and we'll see you tomorrow don't forget
to subscribe I think I said that already
but I don't remember cuz I'm tired I'll
just say it again I have no idea what
I'm talking about out all right bye guys
