good morning guys so there's like seven
or six in the morning and look who's
like working already
Ali's not on the right time schedules
yet she's all over the place kevro like
little notes that's funny
Zoey's had a gorilla ball in her mouth
all night last night she kept dropping
her little gorilla ball and hopping down
to pick it up found it she they get
dropped in somewhere they know it was
there goes oh no one under this stuff
yeah you like your ears scratched so I
keep doing it do it I didn't say stop
we have vegetable juice are you eating
that with a knife and fork yeah
how's my did that's freaking thin about
over oh that's out son
when countering it with so many of
vegetables right now off to the hospital
but no one's hurt my dad is just
basically like me and just forgot
something they've got his charger so
we're gonna go over there and get that
for him cuz he's out of the hospital now
you guys seeing some similarities last
couple days oh you seen a little more
similarities or your future you know
you've seen some of your future your
future
the b-side from the new album
like that baseline
is it bad already forgot this baseline
by the way this this song is actually
available for free I'll put a link down
there in the description if you guys
want it's all can't shake this is it is
that what this song's called it is it's
been a while
problem was it didn't get mixed in time
for the album so that's why we had to
release a free after but you guys still
get to have three parts coming
losing my mind the other this is all
trust years of marriage is trust I would
just and do you defend me something good
swimming so right here this is your
jumping spot Zoe do it I dare you I
double dog dare you
uh-huh get it bubbles bubbles so I
picked Zoe up and she didn't want to be
picked up so she went and did this as
rebellion are you rebelling behind them
just to do this that's what you want big
old jerk Ali's going through all the
receipts from Japan I'm trying to
refigure everything out because it's all
in Japanese I can't do it actually is he
can obviously I'm gonna put it I'm
trying to organize it for you know to be
all organized businesslike and like
looking at it for like ten minutes like
what is this looks like you're playing a
game of memory it's kind of what it is
actually
it's definitely testing my memory I was
looking at this receipt anyone noticed
anything kind of interesting okay I'll
give you a hint all the breads from
7-eleven have really nice messages on
them well you should read it again okay
so this is like tomorrow mush pom which
is like an egg cake it's like a really
mushy like soft cake it's like egg
flavor I guess and it's a poop this food
will bring you a wonderful time body I
know my other breads delicious bread to
make life happy making me everyday
better I figured out how to say Marley
and Japanese what is it Marty Marty
Marty so you guys remember the one that
was up at 6:00 a.m. because
the weird Japan time now look I knew
you'd be down seven o'clock you're on
the old lady time we're gonna go to a
movie we got a date night tonight they
are so late here's the thing about them
they didn't get up at 7:00 a.m. until
2:00 when you got up off to see a movie
a wonderful movie Italy what movie are
we watching so we're gonna watch I
dragged Ali to the monuments man just
for Bill Murray
I wanted to see Bill Murray and Jeff
called Jeff Goldblum Jeff Goodman John
Goodman apparently everyone's been
saying it's like oceans fourteen which
gets me first that's all you have to say
and it's his historical which is such a
nerdy thing but I like history there was
actually my favorite class all the other
classes I would get like B's and C's
history I got AIDS
what about you actually the only class
trying to be in college of history
internet tell me your best class of
course that you ever had college or high
school or elementary school or middle
school elementary school it was
definitely play kickball looks like it's
packed
it's like you're passing trucks to me
we're just get other moving this is Ali
I take my pills ooh candy machine oh no
good hey open the door open the door for
you my lovely wife even though it's kind
of funny I can't open it good it's like
your fingerprints you know it's really
hard to do be a gentleman when you're
not driving cuz oh is this a really
awkward thing where you have to run the
front of them like I just did or your
purse is following I could be a
gentleman in st. repair slow County for
snack time
he is Marley you guys have been watching
a video for a while you guys know Zoey
stomach every once in a while this
really grumbly and then she gets really
weird we figured giving her a little bit
at midnight has completely fixed that
entire situation we're detectives all
right guys it's that time the take the
pills I've been taking your guys advice
and using a nice little fancy glass not
just a regular glass but I do that nice
little fancy glass and been using juice
Juicy Juice
bottoms up guys
think one or two more days how many's
left one more day whoa here's the kick
in the c-word greatness balls speaking
of balls that's about right for Brent
Anna bread right way to think whatever
anyway guys it's time to go to bed I
hope you guys enjoyed today's video I
will see you guys tomorrow as always
don't forget to click that little
subscribe button if you guys are brand
new that stay subscribed or did I just
slurp it doesn't matter right it's tired
I'm tired so I'll see you guys tomorrow
as always have a great night don't
forget to check out CTFxC merch if you
guys want any CTFxC gear a new t-shirts
they're all in stock right now
first-come first-serve
I gotta get there the tank tops back in
stock if you guys want the tank tops let
me know cuz I know summer is coming back
but I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
taxi
sweetie
