good morning guys it's about 5:00 in the
morning and zoey is getting a body
massage finally got up see what the back
like I said yesterday my dad is having
neck surgery so I wanted to go to be
there the surgery the surgery place my
brains not working it where is it where
we going where are we going the hospital
since I'm still on chemotherapy I'm
gonna have to wear one of these masks
just to be out of the safe side
like that's like you know easing the
engine a blazer pan to you okay morning
preparation only at a red light this is
what I'm saying about that mirror I
don't think this is ever used by a male
I can't honestly remember the last time
I use that mirror did we have this
covered
I never take my heat that's why I
spinach my teeth all the time in the
comments guys think about if you use
that mirror or not and tell me yes or no
we get some surgery
great I'm shown the best you can do
right now with your arms so that we can
do before and after this is before okay
that's about that that's before so he's
like hunchback so have to do it after in
a couple days yeah you guys have ever
hugged me now you know it smell good
I've always wanted to be a duck see when
I was telling you guys he can always be
what you want to be hey don't jump I
mean I guess they do generally comes
they jump in the go like that yeah they
jump a little bit that's true my dad's
getting his surgery selfie you get it
you against the gram surgery selfie
selfie is when you do it not when
Melissa does it it's it's a it's called
a picture when Melissa does it styling
over there yeah right I requested not
that used it duck anymore so they gave
me a like a doctor one there I feel much
better on this one
let's have a duck face in the photo I
was literally making a duck face this is
all are you feeling you're not gonna see
it seriously as a pocket I need some
cats my cats
am i want cats funny
what are you doing Marley say you can't
go anywhere
no more so I got some food and now we're
heading back to the hospital because
apparently it's gonna take about an hour
and a half of my dad's surgery the put
in perspective my surgery was four hours
I can't believe they can do something
like this in like an hour and a half
both are mine I haven't worn speakers
and so long everyone stop they keep
doing that hate it when I like
accidentally do it it's like my gear
which one I think it's really that one
also just just happened right now and I
thank God I was wearing this mask
because I don't know I would
hold it together announcements that
family for pooper please come to the
reception desk family for Cooper
reception desk but the entire time was
like this you guys can't tell I'm doing
well Lucas area
that was the face that was making the
whole time that just ripped my stupid
mask damn it hey how you feeling well
I've been better yeah that's all you are
moving yeah yeah Rose got the neck brace
though
well this was a good ism he said it's
not only temporarily oh really
he said you'll have to go very long did
he get her plate and he did you got a
play yes that found some toys that's
actually a really ingenious toy yeah
what is the orange thing what is the
orange thing and I get that this is a
bulldozer okay that chance the spaceship
mom it looks like a horseshoe crab
without the tail yeah it does I get
everything else except this that one
yeah everything else makes sense
sleepytime all right tease mommy there
your phone loudspeaker yeah yeah you
don't have to put it next year this is
speaking phones for the heart impaired
yes are you feeling any move your honor
yeah a little bit that's already better
than you had it earlier well yeah yeah
this one's still good that this was a
little sore but it'll come it'll pay by
it's just like with mine takes a little
bit of time yeah so he can do brains and
he could do spines thumbs up to the
Internet thumbs up to then or not this
pot home look what someone just sent us
in the mail it's a copy of the Look
magazine but this interview is and
that's it this is from Esther she's from
Scotland and she said she said this from
Look magazine she noticed this these two
people in this mag
funny you thing fun fact about this
article it's a beautiful article like
it's amazing and it's very nice and it's
really cool that they put that in there
but I'm gonna have to you know clean
slate here I did not give this article
like neither was like did this interview
oh we don't know
they got this information are like where
I think they probably just pulled quotes
from the videos we had a lot of videos
yeah I mean so like maybe I did actually
say these things but not for the
purposes of this particular interview so
I don't know where they got the
information from but it's a very
well-written article it was very poised
in a very sweet of them so thank you for
that on our way to go see how my dad's
feeling now Lauren came with me and see
I'm prepared we are completely lost whoo
sanitizer I'm following you right that's
good
there we go
yes sanitize the camera
I like I just follow Dennis yeah I'm not
in the biggest time hahaha no we're just
talking to your nurse they're pretty
doped up right now she is awesome you
guys stay and rest
the weather is I'll see ya tomorrow's
lamb a groin oh yeah why doesn't mine
say that I'm pretty sure it does say the
same thing sue love you it's all good I
sent this to char please rest I'll stay
star points
well as you guys can see my dad is
feeling much much much better you can
actually raise this hand above here I
guess you could say so I just want to
say thank you guys so much for giving
all the well wishes
yeah excellently show you guys something
this was I don't know if you guys saw on
Twitter I posted it 30 minutes out of
surgery this is how we know we're
related my dad's already on Twitter
reading you guys's responses thank you
guys so much for all the love and
support not only for me but my entire
family and I promise we're gonna stop
going to the hospital hopefully soon I
know who we've been living we got like a
punch card pretty much now Ally's
currently catching up from her are you
back in the United States yet is it
still in Japan
I heard chair is moving on the ground
jumped on to the kitchen to you when I
was my junk down and ran in here it was
like set right there looking at me she's
like didn't see you there ball so I'll
see you guys tomorrow as always again
thank you so much for all the love and
support and don't forget to subscribe
you guys are brand new have a great
night guys
toodles
with sexy
so else with
