good morning guys so Ali comes home
today yay yeah both of the pillows okay
but the flights are delayed not yay
what so cool that you're Miley be
insulted I thought it so II thought I
was Lauren's got super secret
information trying to make sure to get
down the flight were they looking all
those people
dang and I tried to call and just like
buy a one-way ticket and they won't even
let me do that so trying to get her home
as soon as possible because I know she's
probably super tired I know traveling
across the world it's kind of annoying
as though you look like you're ruff ruff
doubt the I just woke up you stuck for
another hour I'm stuck for three more
hours I think I'm just gonna ride the
plane train and just creep people out
yeah he's still in Atlanta yeah should
get home soon
just a bar ol plane - what time you're
sorting it out now how am I gonna break
this to the dogs now oh yeah to get them
jackets oh my god I got the dogs B
funniest pose and I wanted to come them
but I had to wait til til I got home I
just wanted to wait till I put them on
them you're gonna freak out
all right well hurry up and get home
okay
all right now cut the Holly's clips of
her going and stayin at the airport
ready out we just went to the second
terminal of the airport I'm not each
other and this is happening right now
and someone just informed us that this
is one of the arrivals of some of the
Olympic athletes that's so cheap we're
standing on the chairs look at all these
people
the girls are getting really creative
Marley that is my Starbucks pumpkin
it's my pumpkin bread Marley come on
Marley give me men excuse me excuse me
men excuse me
give me men she doesn't care go lay down
okay cuz Marley is being a jerk drop it
Marley drop it good girl so we are
leaving now it's very very sad I am so
so bummed that we didn't have more time
but I also really am excited to get home
I'm just like basically just really
tired right now I know I've been saying
that basically for like the last week
but I just want to go home and sleep for
like at least three days which I'm not
going to do but what I totally want to
do good I mean nice to not have to be
awkward about talking to people because
I am NOT very good with Japanese it was
kind of sometimes it was awkward and
before Yuki had to like translate
everything for me this country is
awesome I think it's awesome I'm really
really fortunate to have been able to
visit and
that's great Mar they were all in the
same poop so we did you think you're
gonna get a treat now you're going on
straight to the bath come on come on hey
you did this to yourself
every time I walk by the door I'm
getting the death stare from our Hey
you did this to yourself dude you did
this to yourself
it's been a demon actually travel back
in time 20 bigger than anywhere you
still even though the date was
technically left engine
no this is mine
this is my new thing Rice Krispies dark
almond milk and deliciousness basically
snap crackle pop so just and I are
sitting waiting for our last connecting
fight to get to Florida and we were
trying to decide what we were going to
eat have you just remembered that Yuki's
grandma gave us a ton of what she found
so we missed our first place because it
was too full just basically slept for
like two hours on a bunch of chairs you
want to tell him what happened a little
scare so last night I woke up because I
thought I was having a seizure I woke up
because my right arm was kind of like
jerking I don't know if you guys
remember the first time I was on Temodar
I had a seizure while I was sleeping and
now they woke me up so I woke up my arm
was like jerking and like oh what the
hell's I woke up and look down and it's
just Zoe she's going like this with her
leg literally just kicking my are you a
kid you faked me out you little jerk so
crisis averted
happy to be here all right
almost missed it's fallen but today this
is what Zoe does while waiting for Allie
past the time yeah yeah I wish I could
do something like that and just past the
time like that he's always over here
shredding on the guitar
you dropped a guitar mommy home getting
ready to pick up Allie where are you
there she is
oh it's you real like real life in real
life FaceTime like hey what's that face
time you'd like cook something when I
face time
well don't worry face right now that's
pretty gross right quick falafel
Franklin ice what you got in there just
a little warning turn the volume down
pull the headphones out right now right
now got presents last jackets and now we
wait for Ali to put the special doggie
stuff on and your butts hanging out
well is that your jacket with a pop
collar and all Marley I was good on you
I feel like they both liked it she
looked like Biff from Back to the Future
I'm making a tree get
thank you for putting the collar down
those books no that's why there's
embroidery on it this has been like
getting this little game what's the game
called Allen called ball in the cup so
Ali just loaded me up like a donkey you
know that would donkeys make I don't
know turn the light on and I got a shot
Wow yeah you stink the little things
make Ali happy that is great so Ali's
home now it's time to go to bed there's
no bed no I got a shower but oh oh your
whiskers I shaved it for you you like it
my dad has surgery five o'clock in the
morning the guy are actually the guys
who did my brain surgery are actually
doing my dad's neck surgery so we're
gonna be waking up for that drive your
home God be home so I'll see you guys
tomorrow have a great night don't forget
to subscribe and make sure to give my
dad a bunch of well wishes in the
comments he'll love to read that while
he's getting bad back back to normal in
the hospital alright see you guys
tomorrow
with sexy
they'll switch
