Apple Kiwi orange don't judge me
don't judge me it comes from nature and
it's weird it's my last day in Japan
while our last day in Japan I've
basically done nothing today but like
travel back here and pack all my stuff I
have so many fun gifts for people but
it's like it's just hard to reach at all
but I got some amazing stuff and I think
I'm actually gonna do probably a Japan
haul to be able to show you guys
everything and I want to include the
gifts that I got for other people just
because some of them are really funny so
I can't wait to do that for you guys
going open the groceries now all jokes
aside today is actually a really
emotional day for me because uh oh hold
on I thought if you able to do this two
years ago today was the day I found out
that I had this tumor my head I was just
watching the date 2:24 CTFxC 2012 and I
just want to show you guys something
right now by the way if you guys want to
watch it it is number up with heck is it
is date 1030 ready for this this is
amazing this is truly amazing I was
pretty much in tears when I looked at
this that was two years ago
and that's it now two years ago now now
two years ago and I'm just I'm looking
at this and I'm just remembering it's
kind of like throwing me back two years
ago and just that that feeling that in
my pit of my stomach it was just me and
Danny in that room and he goes the
doctor was like do you want Danny in
here I was like yeah dude it's totally
cool he could be in here like just
thinking it was like gotta be one of
those whole like oh you bumped your head
you had a seizure kind of things did not
expect them to say that there was a
tumor in my head it's it's it's a very
bittersweet day I remember I honestly
remember when the guy said that it's a
tumor I looked at Danny literally looked
oh my go it's not a tumor and I was
trying to crack a joke and then I looked
at the doctor and his face was so stone
serious like I was trying to make him
laugh like it was like I don't know what
it was like I figured that if I made the
doctor laugh it wasn't true I feel
that's what I was trying to do or if I
made Danny laugh that it wasn't true it
was just like a joke a really terrible
joke but then when I looked at the
doctor and he was like
no you do and I was just there's this
pit in my stomach I just I'd ever felt
felt this way before ever my entire life
so many things just kind of jumped in my
head at once
first the the kindergarten cop thing
just because that's how I work I always
go straight to humor as my defense
mechanism then I just thought about
everything like I just wanted my family
by me I just wanted to be home with my
dogs right now it's kind of hard to talk
about because two years ago I was so
scared and now I'm just so pumped
together the thing is actually going
away
you're right down there come on son
she can always tell when I'm upset hey
two years ago I honestly thought my life
was over like it was just like I'm done
for you know what I mean cuz you don't
know what you don't you don't know how
to like take that kind of news right but
with modern medicine and modern doctors
I'm obviously still here I'm kicking
some ass right now and I'm gonna
continue kicking ass and I'm gonna get
back to normal and just the Charles that
was like four years ago three years ago
if you will to be completely honest I
thought today would be kind of a very
emotional sad day but obviously today is
just a really emotional awesome day
because I've been getting the best
treatments possible look at that
like now two years ago it's just it's
just crazy it's just I know I'm rambling
but sorry guys it's just it's I don't
know how to exactly vocalize what I'm
thinking right now one thing is for sure
that past two years has been incredibly
supportive by you guys I don't know what
I'd be doing if I was not doing this I
don't know what kind of support system
might have an awesome support system of
my family my wife my two little doggies
my friends but they have you guys as my
friends out there helping me every
single day as well I have sometimes fall
into this like dark like dark pit and
then I read comments
and then I read tweet replies Twitter
replies what I know and then I have this
little jerk yelling at me all the time
yes pull the out of any pick that I've
fallen into and I'm currently being
yelled at by my dog I don't know why I
mentioned that you helped I mentioned
that you help I do I know you make I
mentioned did I not mention that doggies
helped me see the internet knows I guess
what I'm trying to say in this rambling
mess is that thank you guys thank you
it's our last night of food destruction
we walk to our convenience store that's
nearby we got a whole crapload of food
last meal in Japan we were gonna go to
an arcade again actually really wanted
to but we're already planning another
trip back here I guess what I'm trying
to say is this is message for everybody
out there who's going through some crazy
stuff similar to this or worse or
smaller is going through stuff it always
gets better like I said two years ago I
was like oh this is over with but
thinking about like in these vlogs think
about what has happened in the past two
years what Ali and I have done is just
insane and like how much progress and I
just want to be an example for anyone's
gone through something kind of rough
that it always gets better stay with the
CTFxC cuz we got your back I guess
that's what I'm trying to say is that it
always gets better and I just wanted to
say thank you guys I'm gonna stop being
an emotional wreck now Lauren like she
came down to help because Ali comes home
tomorrow so Ali comes home tomorrow
afternoon
so we're deep atcha learning this entire
house and I can't do by myself
I still got like 24 hours look at this
the tumbleweeds Internet should we put
this on eBay so you guys can clones oh
hey Marley you guys want to be cloned
don't we have stuffed animals so we
don't have to be cloned joys of owning a
dog I know
I even barking cuz you like it she's so
strange
you're like Marley only Barkston Zowie
today I'm going to try to make authentic
falafel never done this before I think
this actually came from for the falafel
land worth bit of Turanian lands grease
the grease what is this does anyone know
what language this is
I'm not trying to be insulting I just
don't know 170 milliliters of cold water
what is that
damn it I think I put too much water
holy crap it got all thick magical
falafel balls no you can't have a
falafel you're a falafel this was a very
stinky stinky idea I had to open up
every freaking window you guys remember
when I tried to make corn dogs that just
completely fail holy they burn quick
maybe you can have this Marley you want
a falafel Val you'll take them she said
she'll take them so here's this is
around five or six this is Robin all
right here's around five guys and a lot
of you guys told me stop digging with
water and try juice this time try your
pomegranate juice right here we go
immediately the UH the juice is a lot
better than water cheers guys all right
guys we just start around five or the
chemotherapy I think it's round five
four or five I think of what it actually
is
I'm starting to getting a little sleepy
it always makes me really sleepy and I
just want to say thank you guys so much
for the past two years just giving me
the support it's been a crazy two years
we've done a lot of awesome things and
the thing is going away holly comes home
tomorrow
which is awesome girls excited mommy
comes home which is awesome because you
guys were making fun of me so much
because I was losing my mind with the
tape on my face which is funny because
you guys are brand-new you think that's
abnormal cause Ali's gone but those
sylvania what watching the videos for a
long time no that's just me being an
idiot my normal self to be able to see
Charles and my puppies and my family
it's really really cool to be here but I
definitely miss them a lot anyway so I
just want to say thank you guys so much
don't forget to subscribe you guys are
brand-new and I'll see you guys tomorrow
as always
with sexy
they'll switch
let's go
