worst thing in the world brushing her
teeth and then having orange juice every
time you have orange juice after
brushing your teeth it's like the worst
thing in the world
no no golf go riding on wall girls we
got a yeah I know
nerd rocks in your seat like judges like
judging you like that is mine sir you
stole a couple - doing our little golf
cart ride Zoey
having fun to rock absolutely 12 in one
day right we're going okay gangster put
your put both hands on the wheel
no loitering if I had changed I would
give it to you my dudes you guys hit by
the rock getting ready just hit by the
room come on who's like I could go have
my bed back we're just gonna find guitar
strings for the next few months did your
favorite person leave sook where'd he go
Zoey always get sad when your rock
leaves I'll be back in two weeks then we
gotta go back on tour this is just this
tiny little spot and it's indoor rock
climbing and that looks so difficult and
these people are really strong that's
the boys if they wanted to do it and
they said no and then I thought about
and I was like you know I feel I don't
want to fall on my ass with a huge glass
window out to the main road so that I
wouldn't everyone can see it although
that would be his little alone oh my god
I can't even talk you guys welcome to my
brain so we just found a store that is
entirely dog closed I was like oh that's
cute it's like a kid's clothes store
nope dogs who did this mess all right
girls we have two days we have to clean
this house then mommy gets home
we got a deep bachelor this frickin
house and pretend like it never was
destroyed everyone quick step but the
toilet seats down Mauri gonna put the
toilet seat down so I go put that one
down now you're right let's leave it
open we have a couple days see exactly
what your hand
major fail this one's on a leash okay so
she does that I turn around this one
actually rolled in poop I'm blown away
right now let me smell this poop oh my
god you smell like poop
what the hell we're going inside now
don't look up used you stink whatever
your role in is worse than whatever
Molly's ever done worst part is that you
got on my new shirt jerk I just got this
three just walking down the street and I
here I'll eat your beef
so it's your name I'm loose one cause
day and you've been watching for how are
you using
wow that's awesome are you from Tokyo no
I am from Kobe all right okay cool
that's awesome dude hell yeah I would
high-five him but I've got a bunch of
crap in my hands so wait you know what
internet high-five high-five the camera
yeah are you proud of yourself you just
want to be cleaned you little dick so
you know that feeling when you wear a
hat all day and then you take it off for
the first time and you just go like that
and just like feels like the best and
then you go like that in public you
don't realize you're doing it and then
people look at you weird am I the only
one no put a hat on
seriously put a hat on all day and then
take it off and just scratch your head
it's kind of weird cuz every time I do
this I could still feel like like my
indentation to my skull like this is
what it looks like there's two better
draw those of you can't feel my head so
here's my giant head and then there's
scar it kind of feels like this so I get
an invitation like that and this is my
fish shut up like I have a mushroom head
that are skull and crossbones you get
what I mean I think I just confused
everyone in the internet but it just it
feels so good oh wait I have a better
idea
wait we have any tape we're just
wandering around in Tokyo Midtown and we
found an ice skating rink look at him go
there's one girl that's really good a
girl that's actually jumping did you see
that kid fall oh no all right so far
just a little bit better head this is
the tape learn a tennis game too
hey guys what I wanted a mother give me
of case I could see why I've never done
that before
one two three to be honest I feel like
that's the only way to like be redeemed
if you bust ass it's like if you can
laugh about it like I feel like that is
what makes it worth it that you fell and
probably hurt yourself is that people
are finding it funny that's like okay
wait why did I do that again
this one kid when you lose the end of it
scotch tape so you have to go little by
little it's tighten spinning that's
what's going on well it's but it's taped
to the end so it's how you're working
the My Sassy
what the fuck they fuckin variant guys
twice
it's totally allowed nevermind that I
did this twice
I just don't the first time when I was
editing I didn't feel like I did it
correctly in the comments there were
water number two which was that her
filling I didn't punch better on this
one I just had like a realization that
this is all about the internet and don't
forget to leave it everyone's annoying
all Gillan are those realizations this
is one of those mmm yes I thought I just
farted - head - it - future children our
minds friends that find this video and
the future children are mine I apologize
Wow so it was very cool meeting that
viewer today and actually a couple other
times we've run into viewers there was
literally a girl in the middle of the
scramble in Shibuya who said hi to me
and when we were leaving a bar one night
there was a girl that was just outside
right on one of the side streets who
said that she watched our videos as well
so that's really really cool it's it's
so awesome to meet you guys it really
makes my day like I was filming and I
was like stumbling over my words and I
was just feeling kind of down and I was
like oh man like I'm like I'm doing a
bad job at my job today
haha and then that guy came up and he
knew Justin and Yuki and he said he
watched our videos for such a long time
and like that really like it like
rejuvenates me I don't know it's like
it's so cool to be like appreciated for
for your work and stuff you know like
that's really awesome and it's cool to
know that you can make someone happy
excuse me little ladies kind of taking
up the whole bed you taught your writing
everyone to subscribe so II or what they
don't subscribe what are you gonna do
well I want to go to bed watch some more
cheesy movies right now just gonna relax
there's a kind of friendly reminder that
we restock the hoodies and the t-shirts
at CTFxC merch calm I've seen a bunch of
people on Twitter asking about that and
I just wanted to tell you guys now just
to kind of get it out there but
unfortunately they've been selling out
fast and we can't keep up with the
restocking especially with a tour coming
up so if you guys have been wanting to
get those shirts or the hoodies now is
the time to do it but I will see you
guys tomorrow as always have a great day
hope you enjoyed today's video
don't forget to subscribe like Zoe said
or she'll do something she's like I
don't know she doesn't even know
received a vaccine
- ants with me
