good morning guys we're on our way to
Jupiter how long does it take to get the
duper Hondo this spaceship really looks
like a car I don't know
couple hundred five years how much
oxygen
we're losing oh we're losing it right
now Jupiter thought it'd be a lot more
days there's no space here wacka-wacka
I smoke I'm so hungover as promised a
few days ago here we are
ah this really cool shiny entry thing
show show me your new shoes oh yeah you
guys saw the day after he got his other
shoes he's got them so I told him to
treat his new shoes like offending up
back on the college show circuit
look we got a friend like a year right
been over a year I want to say it was a
girl you heard on my dates for doing no
it wasn't you I was I was filling in for
you yeah the host her drop of a
surrogate I learned this move playing
all the brothers dude you could be under
one of those and one tapes downtown this
is a bluff fighter I don't know what
that is but it looks delicious and it
looks like it might be the cure for a
hangover
let's also check this out how about yes
there rocky wants you off your trophy I
got I got an award for outstanding
technician pretty sweet I was saying we
should put like some like black frame
sunglasses my glasses right there like
Mary glasses that could be just that
could be of nerd rock that could be a
pitch design for Caitlin just in the mid
I'm eating I'm eating healthy before the
show are you kidding you're going to be
leading my life that's like a brother
like let see it's I found out the answer
I did its theory out the answer is Life
of Pi I'm guessing the answer somewhere
Tiger is in life a plot it is it's one
of those annoying answers like the
average does not exist is actually zero
zero aigo which is a boob Charles I need
to get that basketball around and put it
in my net whatever you do with you sorry
I'm just trying to copy your footage sir
so like
this sucks
oh if only Jack were here you know
jacksFilms he's like he's a very very
large purveyor of icing I'm such a wuss
I'm only not much left oh all right yeah
that's good ha ha ha good job no no no
jumping out cuz it's all gonna come
right back up get outta here
I'm sure the big gorilla body I was like
contemplating letting at the camera was
like do I let it the camera how drunk
are you Justin no you all look wasted no
I'm on an airplane see those driver back
there hi you're in Japan yeah what are
you doing in Japan what's that mother
good what are they just like just stop
it there we go huh she's in Japan Oh
technology oh my god making kiss each
other thank you kiss
as kiss jaws of life we're completely
out of the conversation now my name is
Ali and I'm in Japan with our powers
combined Tata dolphins we'll stop
talking wait here mate if we let it put
him like by three like that Iago
stylings is that better
wait I think that works you're naked
there's a little inside joke guys look
at this bookstore this goes right here
this will only make sense to probably
like three or four people I mean I
turned away I think I got it help it in
the face you got it I think I got cash
tear it from here yeah this is from
Summerfest getting a little bruised so
today's just kind of been our relaxing
day apart from the icing that just
occurred because we found out for the
last couple of nights just to try to get
to you know spend time in Tokyo and have
like kind of a fun nightlife in Florida
I was gonna say there's not that good a
nightlife in Miami there's but like Gulf
Coast a lot of people are really old
there's nothing wrong with that it's
just that it's kind of hard to like go
out and enjoy yourself and Charles
doesn't really drink so he doesn't
really like doing that kind of stuff
it's just been fun for us to kind of go
out and explore and go to a couple
different clubs and I've been trying to
film but actually they have like signs
posted everywhere that saying no cameras
at all I don't want to be disrespectful
and one of the clubs were in actually
had like it was weird cuz the club
wasn't Shady it was totally normal but
then there was like this one room and
there were girls like on a stripper pole
and they weren't naked but I was like
wow this is interesting and maybe this
is why they don't allow cameras so it is
really fun and I wish that I could film
it
have you ever been to a club this guy
was like loud actually I think we bought
earplugs for tonight to go out because
it was so loud none of us could hear
this morning when we got in you're right
there what just do all those squats huh
my blood cheeks hurt I had a leg day the
other day he's just walking like this I
don't get like a food myself Duncan go
do it but I want him to do it Duncan go
do it
peer pressure Duncan to all the
probation if I was just went on it I've
studied on flips I just look over you
look like a bunch of lost puppies over
here today I'm on the plane right in
this girl your time Duncan she'd be in
quiet it starts her you know I haven't
had any face time for a minute so just
trying to get make sure I get in the
block nice she was like I've never seen
anybody like bitch out like a flight
attendant poor guess you uh course is
going is funny skip chapters give you
night but basically long story short was
she tried to get me to get her an
alcoholic beverage because she was like
18 and I was dead asleep and she was
like excuse me excuse me
I got a minor alcohol you got a minor
heaven the point of my story was I told
him that I was 20 Oh what are you
teaching that's the problem with society
today there's a word in s behind it
it knows your bullshit put is if you're
not Teddy Duncan's got a lot to learn it
was a fortune birthmark those tattoo I
don't know if it's all that yeah
everyone's got to get one now everyone's
gotta get everyone's gonna get these
boys boys listen I like boobs meet Amana
Bowie does not want a free design Wow
Wow Wow Louis your mozzarella stick go
nerd that's junk you know mustard this
staredown you're like Marley with a
cookie yeah time to go time to go home
we're not staying at a hotel you
actually get to go home today so it's
kind of cool
guess rehearsal for tour coming up in
March sir that is illegal it's illegal
Danny you can't do that but can't do
that but haha I got him right with his
heads popped up though he's head buzzer
lagoon alright well we're back home
show's over nerd Rock what are you doing
in there alright scoots passed out he's
always trying to get to play today marks
the first show 2014 which was awesome it
was great to get back in the back in the
swing of things
sorry I'm brushing my teeth because I
won't require a bed I'm pretty exhausted
I'm going to do this left handed
um to be honest I was it was a little
hard for me to still get my left hand
going I think that's just going to come
with time it's kind of like I said it's
like a warm-up for the show up for the
tour son of a bitch oh god no screw it
what you're not pro truck anyway so
don't forget to subscribe to get a brand
new and I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video
seriously I want to give it at this damn
table nobody used it anyway that didn't
happen
it's kind of embarrassing however I
should leave that in anyway don't forget
subscribe if you guys are brand new and
I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
to see what you did today
I see
was it a tech scene
with me
vexy
who else with chops in me
