all right time to go to the donation
place I feel like a variation of Santa
Claus good morning Zoe favorite thing
ever
I can't ever put this in here no put it
in first first yes oh wow so much
smarter I'm sorry girls I got better at
this
watch your noses you oh there's a note
Marlee and it's hung good always being
oh yeah it's so good oh hang on just one
second
something wrong with that we're at
Topman shopping for a Justin now and I'm
telling you key to pretend like he's
coming out in a new outfit
show us your outfit Yuki come on out
show us your new look oh yeah a little
like some reward yeah the word oh god
it's beautiful it's just that all the
works done for you comes with no zipper
it's awesome I think your jacket broke
too yeah this one you are a mess we need
to get you new clothes too
yeah it's only 200 bucks only 200 bucks
for a broken jacket be a chicken pork
man with a big billboard this is a big
no word just this is big so last night
we are pretty drunk so we got kind of a
late start today but Justin got some
awesome new clothes and you're gonna
model them later right yeah I've never
seen one of these before but it's the
facial cover so that you don't get
makeup on all of the clothes which is
awesome because I've been places so many
times and I've been trying on a shirt
and be like I love it I'll take it and
then I look and there's a gigantic like
orange makeup stain on it that's a great
idea
doubles as creepy like no shear hat
this is fashion guys
I continued my cleaning can you donate
underwear our boxes can you donate
boxers Marley
yes helping good job keep it up
yesterday Justin and Yuki found this
girl that looks exactly like a kpop star
yeah so we're scoping out this girl
unbelievable how which one does she look
like again which what third girl group
she's like from grocery remember like
she looks exactly like we're being
creepy outside the cafe oh yeah you
should stalking this girl we should
probably leave now this is definitely
like stalking slash later we're gonna go
next printer which is really exciting
that's actually a place that Jesse and
Jeana showed me the first one that I
went to is in Philly and they have one
in New York as well some cacao oh my god
is this what I think it is mother of God
I literally have just found one of the
first we the King's t-shirts ever made
when we the Kings was called broken
image back in like 2000 2001 this is
like one of the first shirts ever made I
can't believe I just found this I should
wear this to a show one day this is
hilarious time flies when you're having
fun
got a stupid
Oh point is that it makes your hands
warm Oh
no you got to put your hands on it like
cup it gently very subtle and very nice
enjoy is very my feel like I'm doing
like a Clarisse like a Hannibal Lecter
boys I love when you eat marshmallows
it's not choco donut its booty look at
the chocolate destruction just drop
whoa like chocolate wasted Marley your
book is so annoying
that's my impression of Marley Ali just
texted me now it's 6:30 in the morning
again hey party animal why are you still
up your mom came over hi sweet pea
probably not as good as you are
that was awesome they just didn't find
that girl
nobody and where's Justin right there
is that him laying down I can't tell
it's a mess in there why would you tell
her that I did not a lie who's there
it's a nerd Rock Marley what's that
noise that Taco Bell of course I don't
know if you guys have ever seen clear
and present danger
it's one inner-box favorite I told him I
had to show him this Bart I found the
other day let me show you guys this is
that the best thing in the world yes
best face in the world nude rocks also
got a nice little surprise new picks
this is what you guys can try to catch
one on the tour so the following parts
of the video we do not recommend ever
trying at home not that part I think
Danny did it recent Danny lizard did it
recently where you suck the helium out
of a balloon I've never done it in my
life
some people can't hold their helium I
want to try it now so think are you okay
she's like staring at you so confused
sick that's what I think about
Valentine's Day
I don't like Valentine's Day either and
here's the other do not attempt will you
put a nine volt battery and touch it
with your tongue how do people feel that
out - it's like a weird shock oh it's
like when you put the tip of your tongue
where it really is Zoe we get you gonna
get you lay it and then here's an old
one it's like nothing how long I can do
it nice almost a week that's week mmm
really that would hurt me Lauren tasted
this week it's a dead one or else
electricity doesn't I don't know maybe I
switched a lot you to peer pressure peer
pressure which I again I'm sorry
different variations of this such a thug
her tails through the Weiner hole I
don't think she's gonna walk come on Zoe
just walk over here so I pick up your
underwear
Marley's like I want some pants good job
okay you already like the battery the
battery have you ever done it yeah we're
trying to get Lauren to do it so you
won't do it so tomorrow we have a show
where is a Jupiter Jupiter we're going
to Jupiter tomorrow and not Uranus we're
going to Jupiter so this will be a long
trip I'm trying to find a bunch of audio
books for the trip
you guys are our sponsor audible if you
go to audible.com CTFxC you get a free
audiobook so I'm just kind of going
through right now trying to find a good
audio book we can do Dane Cook you know
doc you have any suggestions I'll meet
your Martin is there any George Carlin
audiobooks I don't know what George
Carlin is there on so this is what we're
gonna end up doing on our nice little
road trip our mini tour if you will our
trip to Jupiter as we go to Jupiter our
mild trip to Jupiter audio blue what you
mean people read books for me if you
guys don't remember go to audible.com
CTFxC and they give free audio books for
you guys in the CTFxC last time we did
Jim Gaffigan and I guess we're gonna do
George Carlin this time go there the
links down there in the description
there dog shut up what book tomorrow we
have to go to Jupiter and I'm just
having my late-night dinner yes that is
bryce krispies and dark chocolate almond
milk you have an adult that's how you
roll that's what happens when you're an
adult you get to do stuff like this best
idea ever
I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
tomorrow is our first show and probably
like three months don't forget to
subscribe guys a brand new
you see what you did
we'll keep
taxi
which
who else which option
let's go
