good morning guys son of a bitch so the
bad news is I still have these damn
hiccups the good news is say today
something special came in the mail and I
cannot wait to show you guys this is
Zoey
oh there it is the Tokyo Skytree we just
arrived in Osaka and right over there is
the trying that we're going to this is
Tommy not emo one of those is the god of
thunder and the other one is the god of
wind this literally means like thunder
gate and this area has been like a
sacred area it was a Buddhist temple and
then during a doe period they opened it
up for like public worship it's been
here for like over 1300 years which is
ridiculous I don't know about this
particular structure this is what kind
of stuff up I'm really excited about
learning it's kind of hard to show you
just how big this is but that's it and
that's me and there's also like ladies
sitting up on the roof so I don't know
this is like old school red-light
district so it's not a brothel I think
why are there ladies and robes with
their legs open sitting on the roof that
was what we were going toward there's an
entire temple I was excited about the
gate guys know what it is so I open it
for me there goes my voice cracking um
so do you remember guys there's my voice
cracking again I'll get the camera to
Lauren you got this little thanks to you
we the kings went platinum and gold in
the country of the Australia that's so
cool
what platinum record presented to
Charles Trippy in recognition of the
outstanding achievement of attending
gold and platinum that's just as cool
see YouTube play button I was gone this
is what we're doing it's daddy has that
food and I wish I knew what any of this
stuff meant because it's really really
cool and I'm assuming they put incense
and flowers in here this is obviously
the statue of someone important and in
the background there some huge Buddhist
dudes there's another dude man I really
wish I could read more I wish I could
read it all because I would love to know
like a lot of the history about this
place but I just don't know I'm trying
to like read any sign that I find so I
can figure out what's going on I
wouldn't want to mess with that this is
the HOS Imam gate and that is me oh he's
five point four meters tall and this is
me oh but with his mouth open this time
also five point four meters high he's
really they're saying that the treasures
of the Sensoji of this temple are very
clear these people are getting their
fortune can hear everybody like shaking
the little containers and have fortunes
inside and people get them out it just
feels so awesome that people still come
here and like participate in this stuff
you don't always get a good fortune it's
not like when you go to one of those
fortune teller machines that tells you
something totally kooky sometimes
they're really bad ones so if there's a
bad fortune you're supposed to knot it
or hound something so that it doesn't
like get released and come true so
here's the main temple there's just a
little something here I wish I knew more
about this culture I don't really know
that much about this like really I don't
know anything about this it's just and I
are go
I wish now and apparently you're
supposed to say your name and your
address so they know who you are they
can grant your wish I mean your head now
I gotta go save Marley because she hates
all rap
nope she's under here I see her but okay
here's the keys grandma's a Dottie we're
coming here to tell blue turn around she
was just dancing in the background she's
so awesome so this is an example the
story I was talking about when they
fished out the figurine of the goddess
out of the water but I was reading a
little bit more about it on another sign
and it said that they never allowed
anyone to see the original one and then
one of the guys that came here to try
and like bring more attention to the
shrine built one identical to the one
that they found and then put it in there
for people to see so I actually found
the first one there's a little side shop
down this little row like all these tiny
little toys that are kind of in between
the main gate and then the temple gate
it has rice cookies that have Olympic
like themed pandas curling in the
curling thing is like Panda they also
have like snowboarding and had an
ice-skating one and they had like a luge
one I love the kind of crazy the
Japanese people are it's it's the
greatest how about yes since it was
pretty chilly outside and we've been
walking around for a bit we decided to
step over and get some coffee and some
cocoa and cake it was her idea not mine
that's why I like her we get along great
we both love cake and chocolate it is No
yes now we're tied oh no I'm up on yeah
we got one more you had another one well
yeah I've got that big giant the big one
yeah so my dad so okay guys that means
this somewhere somehow has to go double
platinum
there's gold and I win you win
three Allman Brothers from day one it's
not fair you're part of a band called
the Allman Brothers
oh yeah it's just uh so yeah Elvis's
that's just a copy of that one it's a
man in it
copies of single if you didn't know my
dad was a drummer for Elvis Presley as
well I got you a but by 25 yeah you may
get more you're a lot younger this is
like father like son there's my dad's
kicking butt right now
and there's ours we're the Kings has a
little bit to catch up with my 20th
anniversary yeah so 20 years yeah we're
coming up Monday that was in 1990 so
what that was 14 years ago yeah so and
they've done probably 1012 2424 Laurie
knows how to do Matt Artie now we
high-five in the second man there we go
and now you're here at Tokyo Tower did
it it didn't oh my god it's cool
it's like the Japanese Eiffel Tower oh
that's a squid they just told me that
the tower is exactly 333 meters high and
apparently the Tokyo Skytree is like 640
here 630 so almost double the height
which is crazy and I don't know what
this is but it's really pretty I'm just
excited about everything can you tell I
think I said awesome excited epic stoked
amazing like at least a million times in
this video this is the view from the
first deck of the observation tower I
think it's like 120 something meters and
there's a little heart down there I
don't know if you guys can see that but
it says gun body and phone or car in
Japan there we go now you can see it now
we're at the 260 meter observatory this
is the same shot I showed you earlier
except now you can see
tokyo bay mare up in the distance i'll
zoom into that one - is the Tokyo
Skytree I think we're gonna try to do
that one at some point as well this is
just such a cool thing to get panoramic
views of the city it seems so calm from
up here but it's so busy down there
somebody's a little stinky I woke up
this morning like smelling Doritos or
just corn chips then I woke up and saw
his foot was just like on my face the
thing that I've always thought with
dog's feet get a dog you guys have a dog
or friend's dog smell their feet then
smell nacho Doritos I promise you will
never look at them the same but we had
to go home early because killer here has
got to get cleaned pretty awesome to be
able to check out a shrine for the first
time we've seen a few of them just kind
of been passing but we've never actually
been able to visit one I've actually had
to change my travel a little bit I was
trying to come home the 22nd but my mom
was looking at the flights and she told
me that the standby flights are oversold
and they don't look very good for those
days so I'm gonna be coming home the
25th unfortunately instead of the 22nd I
wanted to be home a little bit earlier
to be with Charles because I think he
starts chemo on the 24th unless he gets
his tattoo done because I think he's
trying to get another part of his sleeve
done so he's so fuzzy after getting
looks cleaned
I wanted this kind of talk what's on my
mind right now guys could keep looking
at this thing and I mean that's pretty
much what these vlogs are for you know
just express how I feel so I'm just
going to set that right there for right
now honestly it sounds a little bit
sound so so cheesy but dreams do come
true and this is proof right here my
entire life I always wanted to be a
either a baseball player or an astronaut
and as you can see that what just
doesn't fit me at all or a musician my
entire life my dad's been a musician and
I always saw that gold record and I
always dreamed one day I would have a
gold record one day or platinum and now
I finally have it and it's it's honestly
so surreal excuse me ma'am
am i boring you this is gonna sound so
cheesy I apologize but honestly life is
seriously it's an adventure
good or bad because I know there's a
younger audience out there even the
older audience don't give up on your
dreams
unless it's to be a dinosaur to be a
dinosaur that's kind of
tough I actually knew some kids younger
kids in my elementary school that wanted
to be like a dinosaur the kid actually
wanted to be a brontosaurus no joke I
don't know what happened to him
anyone since your dreams are stupid some
off I'm gonna be a brontosaurus who
cares it was really cool to think about
but 15 year old 16 year old self when I
first started playing bass here we go
right here embarrassing but for this
point I just wanted to say if you would
have told that kid that he'd be sitting
next to a platinum record talking to a
million people I think I would have just
been insane just rocking in the corner
like okay I just basically wanted to
give you the advice my parents gave me
as a young kid and just pass it on to
you guys because they were smart people
or are smart people and to my brothers
and we the kings we did it guys and to
all the way the Kings fans and all the
CTFxC years you actually made this
happen I remember the day when this
happened I remember telling you guys son
of a bitch I think I got the hiccups
again anyway so I'm gonna shut the and
just wanted to say thank you I'll see
y'all son of a bitch ses tomorrow as
always don't forget to subscribe as
always and yeah we'll see you guys
tomorrow and thank you guys again hope
you guys enjoyed today's video
bye guys doodles
taxi
