say good morning to the Internet good
morning guys huh
music wagon or tail a little bit come on
Joe come on come on you can do this
do you hear do you hear
I think Marley hears you she's whining
don't pretend like you're not doing this
lately good hello everyone welcome to
the Tokyo Olympics hey Daria Justin on
the Rings because that's totally how
they announce athletes in the Olympics
starring whoever on the whatever nice on
the whatever Oh classy I like that what
is the number one thing you do on a
train that's empty you run down it
probably totally nuts which we are what
did I say yesterday I'm with these two
monkeys how can real is the image now so
you want to tell them the good news I
don't know if you guys have paid
attention the last couple days on
Twitter the Twittersphere the
blogosphere if you guys will Travis made
the announcement we the kings we on
2014's Vans Warped Tour that is 100%
true we will be on this year's Warped
Tour I'm particularly excited because I
can't believe it's already been two
years since the last time we're on
Warped Tour I had so much fun it was
tough it was a tough tour but I got
there was so many fun moments there all
the whole showering outside thing I mean
that wasn't the only thing I think of
but that was just it was such a fun tour
I remember getting so many fun videos
and meeting so many fun people it was
just fun like I said fun tour so yes the
rumors are true we will be on this
year's Warped Tour before that we
actually have a tour going on so if you
don't want to go to that tour
it's our tour we're gonna be going
that's like a small little warm-up tour
if you guys
well the tickets are in the description
we're the Kings music calm I want to see
all you see tfx ears out there but I
just wanted to tie up that little rumor
yes we will be on this year's Warped
Tour and yes I will be on this tour as
well sorry I'm just throwing sticks and
jelly it's thought of fun
Marley want this
would you eat what is that yeah what
this hey where are we right now we are
in Japan what is this what is the street
huh Turkish turbody and apparently
people would you want to get scouted I
guess like they try to walk up and down
hoping that they get like scouted by
these like you know these model agencies
and stuff I want to get scouted to be in
a girl band and like a 25-person girl
band so cool I mean yeah this is like a
lot of people go here just to shop to
any because there's like super cool
stuff yeah we we passed like so many
crazy stores there was like just trap
like just busting out of one of the
random like bag stores on the side
there's some super super interesting
people when you think of like how did
you can crazy style like mostly what
I've seen has been like Gothic stuff I
haven't seen many of like they're like
cutesy girls wearing like pink dresses
actually as I'm saying that I see one
now there's one her hair is actually in
case you want any of those outfit
that's pretty much the greatest I keep
missing people like I just I see them
there's so many people I just see like
the tail end of them I'll try to find
more cute girls come on nappy time get
down here come on we're taking in a cup
of course you gonna take a nap jerk you
just moved over so here we are next to
condomania and fun shop that building
over there it's epic but oq plaza we
haven't gotten there yet but it is
reminiscent of one of the most like
insane buildings on the Vegas strip I
can't remember if it's like the
Tiffany's store the Swarovski stored
some mall front that's basically like
angular mirrored panels and there we go
the monkeys hitting each other again
brackets good outfit atlas grand ball in
Shibuya because today you scape Yuki's
cousin
is going to be dancing I'm hoping not
outside because it's really cold so we
came here to watch him do that we're
meeting up with him now at a Starbucks
Noah oh my god it looks so delicious
dude she has eye down to a science so
that is apparently one of those famous
cheesecake places Pablo butter
cheesecake you want to kick it with a
bottle of Paulo he was a good fellow
okay for the cheesecake
I'm really bad torta de queso aqu√≠ el
mejor de todo
why don't I just forget how to say stop
alone for a second slight change of
plans
instead of Starbucks we're meeting at an
Outback equally American and
well you should know
so now that I let you guys know about
the big secret about Warped Tour it kind
of makes more sense why I was so
persistent about this little guy main
reason why I bought this was so I can
like fly it around Warped Tour like
above Warped Tour so if you guys go to
walk tour and you see the little phantom
helicopter that's probably me make sure
to wave and that's why I'm trying to get
really good at it so I'm gonna practice
a little bit right now
so that way I don't like crash it at
Warped Tour because that would be bad
so now it's all making a sense the
little secret that I was wanting to tell
you guys about with this thing well that
could be a freaking problem forgot the
stupid SD card see if I can get this
damn sunset now
alright let's practice driving down the
road fingers crossed
I'd say I'm getting pretty good they
said better than I was and that's
actually not saying much to be honest
with you go baby go
least now Ennis is going home it's like
going swimming okay actually the one who
dancing earlier when you saw that clip I
was having his friend dancing it was
really good now he's making us some
delicious good cuz we have no idea how
to cook this we are not experts he is an
expert look so good oh my god it's like
a thousand degrees in the air though we
went from like snow and freezing outside
to like the depths of hell inside but
I'm excited because we get food oh it's
boiling oh my god this is great this is
the auto fire for anything there's not
me and then I want to show you guys how
good I am
look is it bouncing
oh my god come on land
seriously here's the carnage that has
happened in this area if anybody lives
around Tokyo can you guys give us some
advice on where to go out we've read
some good things about a few places
there's one called womb there's one
called
agate ha and there's one called genius
which I think is in Ginza I guess I was
kind of far away we've read some good
things about it I've got some mixed
messages about Roppongi so we're not
really sure what to do about that but if
you guys have any advice on going out in
Tokyo please either tweet me at La
trippy or you can write in the comments
below please catch the creampuff in your
mouth area don't make a mess as me sorry
it's so large it's forget it shut up
it's not a joke it's not from
concentrate Wow boy ladies and gentlemen
that was an award living performance
from Justin thank you very much well
first we had him starring on the Rings
now we have me starring in mouth to food
catching the 21st time that I've eaten
to the point of illness in Japan and I
love it so as you guys could see the
stupid screw popped out of the camera
which was a hundred percent not my fault
100 percent not my fault you guys saw I
was I was filming at this time so you
guys know I wasn't I didn't do anything
wrong
no man is my garlic not doesn't even
care about me just watches the garlic on
making sure she's okay look at Grandma
rocking that freaking shirt right there
I'm one of a kind right there limited
editions so we can we go home and watch
another Jack Ryan movie who wants
celebratory doggie ice cream my voice is
all goofed up okay
Hey hmm I eat hiccups okay so like what
causes hiccups I don't even get it oh
that's gross
see I can scare myself leaving my mind
hey I got hiccups make them go away
how do I get rid of them can't get rid
of them this sucks
anyway I'm gonna try to go to bed maybe
we can sleep them off hope you guys
enjoyed today's video if you guys have
any ideas on how to get rid of hiccups
please let me know cuz I hope I don't
have this smile and don't forget to
subscribe if you guys are brand new and
uh oh boy and I can't wait to see all
you guys on tour and yeah like I said
I'll see you guys tomorrow don't forget
to subscribe and have a great night
doodies
with sexy
they'll switch
