our planes broken delay the deep plane
right now
a temporary is supposed to be here 15
minutes however I always get really
annoyed when people like kind of
complain about like delays and planes
and stuff like that while they fix it
because if you think about it I would
much rather be delayed on the ground and
something yeah like go wrong in the air
that would that would be scary Frankie
getting professional it's not good baby
good that's cool Frankie we should just
start like faking things out now just go
into what a contraption make you feel
really important right now Frankie go
down the thing and you just chase me
like sir I said no I want to build it my
original do nothing to build it and have
it ready for you guys got hearing like
run up like I'm some paparazzi and see
if they would kick me out at the airport
probably not
no you guys what it's nothing that's
right yes I upgraded from the Kia Sephia
thank God we all take back all this baby
you had to go utilize that space
otherwise it would have been wasteful
back now forget you lowriders the whole
time hey show that electric really made
that well
for judges he's just trying to grasp me
for the Charles buckling come on
literally not loosening up
Blaine first our plane broke first our
flame bro and then the second plane we
got on plan was we were taking off the
wheel like pop it like that and then
when we landed it felt like the same
thing it was almost like this it felt
very much like this
idak I'll get give you like that
take that SD card other fig tape well
your weekend good is that mini DV hiatus
at a higher best spot in the lot there
bud
I can't wait for trav you might want to
move the car $10 says when you come back
in you get 10 out your tan no big deal
sorry except to document Travis Travis
actually doing some worker now Colin is
he feeling okay hey make sure you get
that Frankie yeah it doesn't ever happen
big guys got for the ants hands here
hopefully they're out fire better hair
but now guys what's up this is Charles
Trippy be ridiculous there you go
Frankie
you're right do blogging camera now I'm
tired ha ha no more I'd quit if I had to
do that stick with this guy if you're a
nerd you get the same chips as this guy
you'd do something else Frankie this is
for else I can do put this in my pocket
do it just give me an hour I'll take it
all apart you won't you won't
you see this five Darko's pretty
intimidating huh watch this shot you
ready don't worry oh is it supposed to
go in like that it seemed like it's
really super cool yes in your all
silhouetted right now we should do a
cool shot like I chopped up come on
Frankie Frankie you want to see get one
in there which would be the easiest yeah
and you solve mathematics geometry right
here make my job a lot easier
I missed it okay
Wow
yeah hey take this jump it over there
oh pardon love you man
bo Jackson you know do it do it just buy
another
listen to him say this guy's try it
he's swinger hi Salvy says Wiener when
he does it doesn't it doesn't it sound
good
where's Tom post big rowdy so let's talk
life okay and not just love but my phone
to the eye the eye of the world the eye
the people kind of helped create yes I
created everything I'm kind of like the
best person ever
I appreciate you recognize that's nice I
like your interview it's really good
it's so like so like the way you like
this good night first I'm gonna put the
big one down
good night they'll all go down didn't go
good
so what they're gonna be doing if you
look carefully oh by the way I don't
know if he hasn't noticed today's video
I shot all in 60 frames per second and
two things I noticed one everything
seems to flow a little bit more
especially vlogging and turning camera
all the time and to the autofocus seems
to I don't know if this is actually
happening or if it's in my brain or is
the coincidence but I don't know I mean
I'm really liking the way this kind of
like films 24 I feel like it's really
good for cinematic stuff but if you're
like vlogging it just doesn't work is
the blur but I don't know what do you
guys think you're digging this I really
like I feel like it's super smooth I got
sidetracked puts focus on this thing
being lit on fire
kool-aid just butt-dialed me Polly Koli
Koli Koli to an answer phone call that's
you that's me but I think I don't you
enjoyed it I think it's fun
don't forget to subscribe guys and have
a wonderful night
bye guys yep that's right good night I
know I'm lost
those pre-emptive I should not have done
that okay now good
