good morning guys so earlier look at
this this sounds like this
how are you up because you want that hey
what do you want totally crazy and it's
no
it's just like mr. motocross
so we're just hanging out inside round
one and I want to win
a little bit when that squirrel guy
already can't cut this goat I win Metal
Gear arcade apparently those little
glass or whatever the crosshair is
instead of it being like a gun control
it's a head control you can do either
one and it's apparently in 3ds so this
is pretty crazy I'm just gonna watch
them play first and I might rise
you look pretty extreme nope good
morning guys nope
guys ready Niels mmm delicious
this is pretty much the worst part is
that the anxiety of just waiting do you
hear that I'm right all the time can you
guys hear it and then after the MRI just
waiting for the doctor
my mom's always got bananas a little
fruit geez what else you got in here
yeah I could eat
berries are great I'll take a banana he
wipes too you can go on a date in this
little booth with a virtual girl like no
y-you can date a computer what you got
there got some Starbucks Starbucks
Starbucks no Jordan that was a knockoff
my dad too cool for school feels like
he's about to breakdance
totally yeah it's smart
he's like a runaway groom so now the
bride's pissed off so go ahead and just
yeah
just keep doing it
we're here
if a doctor came up like that and Slater
AC Slater that chair I really like
high-fiving him coolest ahktar ever the
choice of a boy or a girl
in the brain scientific assessment with
Bennett there's the front of actus
virtually here in the doctor with me I'm
gonna put you down really quick okay
this is what it looks like so far
here's what I got a flip that I gotta
flip it that's December you happy oh
honey don't cry look at this from
December goodbye tumor goodbye do you
want to be on top when the doctors here
- okay here I'll put you right there
gotta love technology you across the
world but you're like right here next to
us you just took my mom see I'm just fit
on her okay I can let her sit I'm gonna
sit on you out I crop-dusted a bunch of
old ladies by accident first I didn't
mean to do it
my god like father like son
with these which control the whole thing
we can't go on a golf cart ride right
now dude no we can't go you can do that
later okay no not now later
oh this is gonna be like the 20th time
in Japan that I've eaten to the physical
illness so right now I'm really happy
but I'm really full like my stomach is
bad jokes both three month food baby sir
then you're a liar he just literally
said he was gonna be sick like what I do
it every day I go I'm stuck with him I
don't have a choice with him we related
we're related that's really probably
rude and also weird
oh it's trained according this oh wow
I didn't realize I was still recording
hi guys welcome to I don't know how to
use the camera time starring me and I
don't know how to use the camera time
shut up I was gonna say that you're not
funny so we're trying to leave the
restaurant I come around the corner and
this is what I see these two monkeys his
stuff we're doing and you're standing on
their storage unit what are you doing Oh
like a traditional storage not like a
Japanese piece of furniture that's like
not a set of stairs oh you're a bad
Japanese person no the stairs that's
just the way it's built they're not
stairs what step where does this go how
do they lead to that's why we're looking
look my hamster
welcome to dad tricks anonymous I'm
sorry for your behavior just to meet
you're sorry to me he's got home from a
long day of medical examinations and the
final outcome is I just got to show you
guys I am so excited alright so that was
December and this is February and the
black space is just where the crevasse
or the canyon where the giant tumor was
here's another layer of my brain right
there and there again December this is
February as you guys can imagine I'm
beyond excited and just relieved right
now it's always so stressful it is so
stressful leading up to the MRI you know
you don't know what you're doing you
don't you don't know I've obviously
never been down this path the only thing
I know how to do is just stay positive
and do what I'm told and that's all I
can do it that's all I've been doing so
far it's been amazing and hopefully it
just keeps continuing knock on wood I
know for a fact this is one cuz I've
lifted its heaviest that just keeps
going like this and just keeps shrinking
and then ventually just goes away it
just kills itself I'm just overjoyed
right now I know it doesn't seem like it
is because I'm just so tired I was like
tearing up a little bit just before I
started filming this because I didn't
know how to talk about it and then when
I saw Ally tearing up on the the
FaceTime I almost started blowing I
almost just lost it so nerve-racking and
the good news is I got cleared for tour
so I'm pretty excited for that so that's
good news it's awesome it's so I can't
think of another word other than just
awesome I get some sleep gonna take a
nap time alright looking a nap so I'll
see you guys right about now so here's a
fun story we actually had to walk to a
different restaurant we're still parked
at a different restaurant but we're at a
different restaurant now because the
other restaurant that we walked into the
first one said that they ran out of food
because there's been so much snow and so
much ice on the roads that no trucks
have been able to deliver anything
- like any of these places so I had to
do it I've seen so many advertisements
for cherry blossom flavored stuff for
like sakarov flavored stuff which that
festival doesn't actually start until
like a little bit later I think the
cherry blossoms don't really start
blooming until like April that's good
it's like just kind of the cherry
blossom like gelatin II syrupy stuff
with vanilla ice cream dude now
that didn't work as well as last time
what do you want
well you a Wiggles Marley jumped she's
so excited she jumped across she jumped
over there literally I'm not kidding
leaped over here on to me cuz she wanted
to go here but she you leave great on to
me excited you jerk
alright guys Walter kind of a stressful
day yet great news I'm gonna kind of go
to bed and watch a movie I've been kind
of on a Jack Ryan kick I don't know why
I don't know just completely random what
are you doing
actually should ask guys in the comments
who was the best Jack Ryan Alec Baldwin
Harrison Ford who's the other guy Ben
Affleck or the new guy Chris Pine who
was the best Jack Ryan tell me in the
comments ultimately I think it's always
gonna be Harrison Ford for me so I'm
gonna go to bed guys great news today
with the shrinkage of the crappiness so
I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
don't forget to subscribe guys are brand
new and I already said it I'll see you
guys tomorrow as always doodles
say totals or not
see what you did
with sexy
who else with me
