good morning guys how would you like to
meet the most adorable little puppy in
the whole wide world apart from Zoe and
Marley Oh Turtles
Oh toto do you like talking they've
talked like zillion more to me when he
had the little doghouse that's heated
which is so cute what are you doing
you're putting your head in the camera
you silly you silly boy god this is like
it makes me miss a Marlee so much but I
get so happy when I see foreign puppies
it makes me so excited conversation so
it was Dennis come on you can do this
where's Dennis I don't know why we're
going somewhere that's outdoors
they like this sets Kenny's bag yours
Chinese food in here please Chinese food
in here good morning guys the thing I
forgot that as you can see Marley's
rocking her a little late Valentine's
Day sweater as she pees and will just
pan over here
what is though eating oh that's off a
tree No
we're busy world where Disneyland is new
man and also we're going to Disney sea
not not just a man whatever
so there's Mount Fuji up in the distance
that's the Space Mountain and Magic
Kingdom well Cinderella's castle you get
one right guys I'm not a cow dorable the
little antlers are pork curry cream
curry over hamburger steak tuna tataki
some kind of crazy chicken some giant
potato thing and au gratin potatoes
how'd you guess
would you get what you get you get food
enough so we're just having like a
little bit of lunch at a romantic buffet
with my brother that's weird
romantic buffet with your siblings first
character sighting it's Marie from the
Aristocats
I love her what's in there this doggie
ice cream oh boy oh boy are you gonna
take it so here I'm not holding this for
you there you go not faster than that
girl could she be my favorite things
like carnivals is the rocky mirrors
my head looks normal on camera I don't
know why there is strawberry aroma and I
think there's like a popcorn that's
flavored like strawberries and cream
what looking for fun Disney stuff you he
decided to try on the mouth ha I think
Justin wants to get a Tigger hat where
are they
he doesn't like people no I mean I
shouldn't say that like that he doesn't
like being crowded around people
although I don't know I don't know I
like hurting other people
justin is a polite young man I don't
know what I'm talking about anymore
anyway we're gonna buy some hats the
genies over here
you know granting wishes signing
autographs all in a day's work
you try it so easy stole your ice cream
story carousel Tigger is riding on a
flaming bird thing I don't know what
that is that's a different cuz it's a
mythological beasts a Griffin is it a
bird on the lion yeah Griffin door
Gryffindor in Saudi Arabia
we're in Arabia Arabia difference are
they the same thing that was probably
spit her out in her house wait here we
go gonna be ready start getting sick we
just stumbled into King trains Kingdom
and it is awesome
also I didn't remember a that came Titan
who was friggin ripped hashtag swole
jerk and he rides a dolphin chariot like
who is this
a warlike cup right we're gonna take
over its funding I don't know if we're
probably gonna break it
we just know you can't spin it but we're
going on the Indiana Jones and the
Kingdom of the Crystal Skull ride right
now we're doing single liners single
liner single ride airline
so all throughout the park Jeff isn't
going up to other Tiggers I'm
high-fiving them she doesn't see you yet
that ticker was a douche check this out
that's pretty cool
so I was watching a movie I thought I'd
never seen before it's called the sum of
all fears I'm on the Jack Ryan kick
right now so is one of those things
where I thought I'd never seen it before
but halfway through I remembered that
I've seen the movie but I was already
too lazy and I didn't want to get up and
change the movie anyone else ever have
that kind of thing we don't think you've
seen a movie then halfway through you're
like oh I've seen that the ultimate
worst thing is like when you're watching
a movie that you own that's on
television so you're ending up watching
all the commercials but you're too lazy
to go get the one in your library anyone
else guilty of that
Yukie what kind of rock is this you're a
geologist okay it's a rock that
completely looks and feels like metal
what a douche anyway you can really is
actually you knows other degree in
geology but we're doing a Journey to the
Center of the Earth right never mind
this is just to relax
I'm totally gonna stay focused so I was
trying to film inside of that the ride
the journey to the Sun of the earth for
like 90% of that ride was in a pitch
dark it was terrifying there's like a
part where basically the main part of
the ride all the way to go out you
accelerate to like 45 miles per hour
here's barreling through tunnels in the
pitch black and then you go down a super
steep crazy long hill over terrifying
hmm I'm tired today was so much fun it
was really cool to go to Tokyo DisneySea
it was like really really fun it was so
freaking cold though the wind was
unbelievable but it was honestly a blast
I'm really glad we got to do it if you
guys have never done it you should
definitely check it out if you guys have
never been to Japan you should
definitely check it out I'm a little
nervous
tomorrow's an MRI day geez Marley so
tomorrow I'm gonna be going early for an
MRI and talking with my psychologist and
making sure everything's okay and trying
to get all the information for the Jeep
so of course it's a little
nerve-wracking I'm gonna call Ali and a
little bit of FaceTime Ali I'm a little
nervous but a note would be great so I'm
gonna pretty much make dinner and try to
go to bed super early
damn it Marley you're done there's
nothing in that bowl yeah I think my
thing is like five or six in the morning
live it or not so early why did they
have to do is so freaking early and
that's it for me today I will see you
guys tomorrow 11:00 miss Charles and the
pups hope you guys had a good day
actually it is 9 o'clock at night as the
earliest I've gone to bed in a very long
time because we've got that early thing
hope you guys enjoyed today's video
wish me luck I know everything's gonna
be great wonderful stupendous knock on
wood I checked this wood so see you guys
tomorrow as always don't forget to
subscribe because a brand new and yeah
I'll see you guys tomorrow as always I
already said that good I guess
Turtles
with CJ a vaccine
