this is the Train of people walking
finally decided to venture out so this
is also just a ways back there's a woman
whose car was completely like the roof
was completely crushed because her
little carport I guess a bunch of snow
fell off her roof and fell onto it and
it collapsed the carport under her car
terrible that's what really sucks so
remember a couple of months ago oh by
the way guys good morning I kind of went
and tried to do some Indiana Jones my
golf cart and I ended up screwing up
some bikes so my dad and Dennis are
gonna see if we can fix it if we can get
to the damn things geez we should be on
hoarders does anyone want Christmas we
got plenty of it all right let me do
most of this so you don't hurt your arm
again you're getting my dad's getting
surgery when is it next week 26 so
everyone getting surgery he's getting
one for his neck and the same guy who
did my brain surgery is doing one for
his neck so you know he's gonna be good
do you think he'd let you film it I hope
so
I should ask them you'll see it'll be
knocked out though well yeah I might
have somebody go that would be pretty
cool
you can put your hand in here he's doing
jumping we're gonna get sled and we're
gonna go down the skeleton staff how is
this the one I goofed up to Austin are
these two these are the only two goofed
up these are yours just look I don't
even know what your markers I don't
think anything's mine
I think these were the in the back see
this is what happens when Charles tries
to be Indiana Jones there's only one
Harrison Ford only one oh boy can't
leave me alone actually internet what
vlog was that I want to relive this
right now does anyone remember in the
comments what vlog that was I can't
remember
I know CTFxC answers probably knows I
don't know you guys are talking about I
think that's fine I rolled fine
I'm in the band room we're in this like
a bowling alley and there's no one here
we just walked for like 15 minutes and
they closed in like 20 minutes
this bathroom is like a basement it's
like a den of despair do it turn off
this is what we like just came down like
this is the staircase into the bathrooms
like no I show myself it's just lit
right here they show you the way out but
not the way I'm trying to do something
special for Ali so when she comes home
all the Christmas stuff is back in the
Attic Shh don't ruin the surprise
much better Oh much better you can
actually walk here again sometimes it's
good to just purge and just throw away
stuff you know I mean it's a good
feeling just get rid of stuff like
clutter
I'm the 22nd you spider get out of here
anyone in the Internet and I am know
what kind of spider this is other than
creepy
stellen tutorial whatever they did
better than my dad's got one of these
tachometers and it's doing it right now
it's making your hand do that nowheres
okay like that
here's tell me a story one time you went
to go change the radio when he was
driving just crap sure write up the
chicken I used to put it somewhere and
the whole arm would lift I can't track
in the face I'm not doing it no way
that's nice spicy mustard Oh eat it
spicy mustard it's oishi
thank you yeah go eat it okay eat the
spicy spice really spicy on there
there's like okay there's this I thought
it was regular mustard I put a huge
piece in my mouth it's like wasabi
mustard and it was so spicy I want to
watch the smoke come out of your ears
and what he likes about you I don't like
what happens to my body okay you see
like the glow you're sweating mm-hmm
little upper lip sweat going on oh my
god it is it's wet
I think I'm addicted officially to the
cauliflower pizza the only problem the
only problem is that makes your house
smell like fart for at least a couple
hours but it's so good so I got to show
you guys this
you know how Marley loves she loves to
roll in poop so our friends and throw
boys sent Marley a special little poop
pillow so that way she can roll in poop
all the time or at least on our poop
pillow and it doesn't stink and then
Zoey has a nice little subscribe button
our shameless subscribe button shows
shameless right now
if you guys are not subscribed just
click on Zoey and our little subscribe
button I don't know if that's legal Zoey
subscribe guys good girl you get more
CTFxC ears yeah your poop pillow you're
so creepy I'm just trying to make my own
dinner this is what she looks like every
time I cook it's a creepiest thing ever
when you're in Japan there's only one
thing that you should do get crunky yeah
yeah yeah oh yes all of the Pocky
we used turned into well I have spent
entirely too much time purchasing
ridiculous amounts of chrome beanie fat
BAM oh no it's I love all that it's all
delicious I just got something called
cheese it so cheese it's like cheese ice
cream with a cheese cookie on the
outside about yes but yeah it's been
another one of those days where
basically like it's you know it's just
snow
can't do anything at the train stop
running earlier they're running now but
they weren't running earlier so just
kind of been doing nothing well eating
and being really cold there's another
interesting thing that I don't know if
we we've covered in the blogs before in
every single convenience store there is
porn every single one of them has point
and almost every time you go into a
convenience store if it's like any
normal time of the day there are gonna
be two to three dudes looking at porn in
the middle of the convenience store
there's it's like really not an
embarrassing thing there's no shame
about it it's totally normal people are
just looking porn in public all the time
smells so fucking good sorry excuse my
language I think this is my new favorite
thing I should open a pizza place that
does this
if I did would you guys come another
successful cauliflower pizza yeah it is
about time for me to head to bed we're
trying to get in bed some time before
3:00 a.m. like we've been doing almost
every night because tomorrow we are
going to Tokyo DisneySea which is gonna
be a blast we weren't sure if we're
gonna be able to do it because of the
snow all right guys well it's time to go
to bed I will see you guys tomorrow as
always hold on wait maybe not Zoey go
pee just a second
alright you guys are out of time the
train started running again and we might
be able to take the car but we're not a
hundred percent sure just yet cuz
they're still wait a lot of snow / ice
on some of the roadways between where we
are and where they are oh yeah thank you
guys so much for watching I'll see you
tomorrow as always and I hope everybody
had a happy Valentine's Day
and if you don't celebrate Valentine's
Day a happy singles Awareness Day took
long enough so see you guys tomorrow as
always hope you enjoyed today's video
and don't forget to subscribe you guys
are brand new doodles doodles
with sexy
- else with me
