good morning guys if it looks like I
just woke up I did it's 5:00 in the
morning right now cuz it's Valentine's
Day and see if I can FaceTime or for a
little bit time zone suck happy
Valentine's Day my off the hook for
Valentine's since you're in another
country yes I got the best wife ever
he thinks Valentine's Day is stupid
alright I'm gonna go back to bed
alright love you you just had the
greatest idea of all time my brothers in
the shower as you guys saw slash heard
so we ran to a convenience store we're
gonna ice his ass he's gonna open the
door and just see and have the third
chugging oh god also they have bottles
of whiskey for like ten dollars which is
I mean I'm down with that
since Ali's in Japan so I thought it was
off the hook
Valentine's Day but it turns out I still
have two women in my life my mom and
mourn and we're gonna visit Lauren in
the hospital apparently they took her
appendix out so hopefully that was the
cause of all this situation they're like
we're not the only one doing this and I
thought it was off the hook for a nice
day I think she wants Superman
check it check it check it oh my god how
are you doing that right now work done
oh my god
I was born in 89 so how'd she do cute so
this is the year of the snake that's
just mine so did she beam up to this
Avena
this house I guess I didn't know what
they all were so apparently they'll also
stand for like what year you were born
and the animal that coincides with the
year you were born
so there's like way too much meaning in
here for me to understand how this is
like really crazy complicated the dude
flying on the magic pillow so my
favorite thing to do when getting cards
for anybody is always to go to the most
ironic car because then it's a lot
easier it's more fun to then trying to
find the quote-unquote perfect card so
we got the flowers and then we got happy
birthday it's number six with spider-man
happy removal of body parts day sup guys
well here we go again tons and tons now
this is Valentine's Day my dad and I
were curious on the history Valentine's
it's called the brief and bloody history
of Valentine's from February 13th to the
15th the Romans celebrated the feast of
leopard Kalla during the time drunk men
would hit on women but not with cheesy
pick-up lines with highs of dead goats
and dogs
the women believed this would make the
men fertile now we do flowers excellent
chocolate excellent record you're a
drummer I also so this is my bag of
Valentine's candy it's family it's
basically I'm just talking about I
actually just face time with Charles
like we don't really care that much
about Valentine's Day for some people
take a really big deal but you know we
just I don't care about love to all my
homies who also hate it you should be
nice and love your significant other
every day you know I hate it maybe I
just really don't care yeah I hate it I
think it's cute when people enjoy it but
I just take a card happy sixth birthday
as you can see she's feeling a lot
better but you have no idea how creepy
it is to buy a six year old birthday
card and roses what okay there's a
there's a little heating device right
here I'm shaking because I'm so cold we
just went outside and there is a fucking
foot of snow I'm convinced this is worse
than the first snow like it's still
snowing
thank you this support look look is he
didn't say oh it's really one we're
letting all the here though what are you
doing alright so now we gotta get some
errands done everyone wish Lauren for
speedy recovery
yeah you see in case you've been
wondering why we been inside all day
today that's the snow and this is what
it looks like outside right now it is
really ridiculous it's like over a foot
of snow it's gone this how deep the snow
is right now that's a lot of snow that's
like a foot and a half deep right there
it's really hard to walk oh my god it's
still snowing I cannot believe it oh I
just fell in even deeper snow oh my god
oh my god this is like no I'm sure all
of you guys who live in snow areas are
like what an idiot oh this is so crazy
you guys ready for a mother of God
moment mother of God as you can see I
sent it to the band and they loved it
yeah grandma's fine bag runs out hey
hold on I'll never look at you the same
in it anymore now feel like you did
something bad did you do some bad do you
suck bad did you simply bad so funny we
have to come to round 2 now for my mom
and like it's completely empty now
alright come back in the warmth damn
probably crawling in this table room
like I'm warm up a little bit I'm so out
of breath I'm so out of shape I just
like running around
I think we're planning on doing Mount
Fuji sometime here this week and we're
gonna try to go to Tokyo DisneySea I'm
really excited about that cuz I've never
been to any Disney other than Disney
World actually goes want to run around
the field
alright yeah we're going I don't know if
there's any squirrels we have to look so
it looks like there's a baseball game
maybe I'll fly it over the baseball game
today's lesson for the Phantom isn't
just to arbitrarily fly this thing
around I want to actually try to get
some shots of the dogs and some panning
shots so cue montage now
you know Zoey used when she sees the
soccer ball she gets all happy and she
hits it with her paws these kids are
playing soccer she's doing that and the
Marley's is trying to eat the ball so
she's on probation right now Harley
you're in the landing zone
trying to get the sunset but it just
doesn't work on this thing for now some
reason but she distracted by garbage
straight to the garbage can if it's me
or the garbage can I will lose every
single time every time fun telegram will
open the door so you can play stoie is
the opposite of yesterday Simo loves to
be touched and cuddled and you can play
rough with him like a dog as opposed to
yesterday when I had to fight for this
attention from a guy you said he's like
love me and this is my other kitty cat I
was a little he named gizmo she's also
pretty cool too but very very fat they
basically let you out early look at the
outfits Denis break out you broke her
out of hospital prisons deliciousness
making sure grandma's okay protecting
her keep all the doctors away I gotta
show you
so Dennis made all these cookies and I
just stopped moving my dad's just
stuffing cookies in his pocket no I just
hit it soon I knew you were gonna go
look at it so it's in that pocket you
put in that pocket - banana that was a
decoy pocket so you guys want to see the
natural process of a tattoo so after a
couple days it starts to peel and the
key is not to grab it you're supposed to
just wash it and it's supposed to
naturally come off but it looks weird
that's the natural process of a tattoo I
just wanted to show you guys because it
looks like my skin is basically melting
off what's going on back there well come
up well sure I'll share the chair you
want to be right next to me can you get
goofy ears on come on I just got off the
phone with Ally
she's still snowed in in Japan so
obviously it's just gonna be me and my
little bitches over here for Valentine's
Day which is not bad I don't mind being
alone on Valentine's Day because I'm not
really alone I'm with my little girls
what I want to movie together come on
pretend like you like me
if you're not liking me just for food I
know you like me no matter what what do
you guys think about Valentine's Day do
you think it's like a commercial crappy
holiday or do you genuinely like it and
if you genuinely like it please tell me
why I've always just never gotten into
it unfortunately Ally's never liked it
either so it's kind of like a win-win
for me
so 100% don't feel bad for me being by
myself right now for a Valentine's Day
it doesn't matter to me come out really
alone I got my girls and then I hanging
on with my family all day today and the
good news today is that Lauren's back
home that's why I'm really excited for
we do you want to watch Lauren said we
should watch The Hunt for Red October
you want to watch that or do you want to
watch Air Bud no chair but I know what
you guys are thinking like how in the
hell did I go from here to right here
that quick anyway I'm gonna go shave my
beard getting a little scruffy so I'll
see you guys tomorrow as always don't
forget to subscribe and honey I miss you
I'll be had a great Valentine's Day in
Japan land bye guys see you tomorrow I
hope you had a happy Valentine's Day
and as always we'll see you tomorrow
we're sexy
- ants with chubby
