so we just got to our hotel Yuki's
grandma is like you know having us stay
here as like a welcome to Tokyo kind of
thing check out our view like damn those
are mountains that's a huge building and
apparently Tokyo is getting with Summer
Olympics which is really cool
correct you sharp you're doing that a
purpose good morning
so my Lauren and Dennis is right now cuz
we just found out Lauren it has to go
get surgery tomorrow
so everyone give some love to Lauren her
Twitter's at Lauren speed it's very very
very difficult give her something to
read she's gonna be in there for four
days probably you know it's not one
person the other the trippy speeds are
just cursed yeah right I think we paid
our dues so he'll bring that to the
hospital and play see I'll know everyone
there oh boy you're such an a-hole I'm
going to catch you
don't rub on the toilet oh yeah I'm
going to catch you coming
fine oh hey check all the sugar it's
ridiculous someone else excuse me later
it's ridiculous amounts of sugar the key
is to just ignore the cat and the cat
comes back don't work out I got food
coming I'm going to catch you going to
catch you only be catch you so before
when we were staying with Yuki's
grandmother we were sleeping in beds
that were just on the ground like there
were no bed frames it was just like a
thin mattress pad so I didn't really
want to do a bed test on that cuz they
didn't want to smash my face into the
ground however we have a bed here so I
can totally do a bed test
oh yeah
don't worry internet yeah I'm not trying
to murder the cat cat is just very vocal
like Marley just a big spoiled brat no
this is why I don't like cats
this is punks this is all over the hotel
student so douchey be nothing to reduce
TV nah they all like haven't really
special they just have like a like a
theme that a lot of them are like
animals like fish flowers they're so
cool and the other thing that there's a
festival in March I don't know the name
of it but these are just like
decorations for that so cool those are
beautiful there's some detailed hey
we'll catch you
Marley I need your help Ronnie I need
your help get the cake it looks like
she's playing now this video is just
gonna be me 10 minutes trying to catch
the cat I'm going to catch you I'm gonna
get you
so here's a view from this tower this is
basically a V with the government what
is this our government power things
going on it's really it's really cool so
this is the the highest place we can get
to over here we're pretty close to where
we're staying right now actually I think
um and I think that wearing the change
of you right now a lot of times I'm sure
about that other sky trees over there
and we're almost the same height of it
it's so high it's really cool of him and
Yuki's grandma was telling us that this
building right here that's really
interesting looking one is a design
school and apparently the top opens up
and becomes a helipad up which is the
coolest ever
time-lapse 20 minutes later come here be
a dog oh my god I'm not giving up cat I
will hold you I will hold hands
finally help me don't look at the
cookies so I want the cookies right side
of a tree that's so high holy crap
nothing about this is a bummer it's just
that we would really like to see about
it you bet it's a little bit too foggy
today but it would be like right here
you can kind of see the mountains in the
floor out a little bit but back that's
like kind of back there is we're not so
choosy but regardless it's still
beautiful this is a kimande with like
all of the most popular things from from
this city from Tokyo
so apparently like it's supposed to be
like a rake and you're supposed to but
it's a rake in your happiness raking
you're happy to break it in show me the
action
show me your you raking in your
happiness show me your raking break it
in like it all in yeah but your cat
that's how Necco rakes in their
happiness kinky neck oh you were so
noisy so you'll help me alright
hell meow kitty kitty okay so did I win
now is this winning is winning the deal
thirty minutes later here does a punk
just like doing that for fun I win
nope that's right that's my camera cable
so write a department store right now
and I just found the most expensive pen
I've ever seen in my three hundred and
sixty seven thousand yen which is
roughly
$3,600 nearing nearing 4 grand for a pen
just crushed another strawberry
shortcake in the oven like 14 of them
yeah they're really pretty kind of like
cherries don't you there we go now you
can see so it's like a really cool we're
just doing some shopping and get just
some ladies come on down
not you
what a weird day so far what a weird day
so far escalator
how's Saffy let's see them jumping off
an escalator how sassy this is made
entirely of chocolate that is incredible
that is so detailed I have no problems
about filming this because I've been
film doing embarrassment to just
you know
so I just got home and Lauren is going
into surgery
she's checking in early today so it'll
be tomorrow so everyone make sure to
send her some love and some funny videos
and photos so it keeps her busy and I
know you guys are amazing people for
cheering people up I know firsthand so I
just wanted to let you guys know okay
come on what are you doing get some
water
then she goes to the bowl did you guys
already know that so she cleans the
bowls that's what you call a pig going
home oh it's working so I took off right
here it was so close it goes I love this
thing
I hope you guys like this thing as much
as I do I want to see if I can get a
like a time-lapse of the clouds moving
so fast cuz it goes so fast right now I
wanted to see if I could do it if I
don't know if the camera will be angle
up that high
destroys different ankles guys hi girls
yes daddy's getting really good at
piloting this thing he's gonna be a
professional on tour
I know cameras going towards this thing
it's gonna be so much fun
like traveling around the whole country
and filming different cities right I
have to show you guys this somebody just
sent me this on her body okay what what
I'm talking to the internet anyway given
today with Koko how accurate is that and
there's a dog excuse me ma'am but you're
not supposed to be up there
get down cuz I wasn't looking at you is
that what's going on so don't make me
get on your plaque
you are so fucking creepy zone eyebrows
the worst part is I can't help it laughs
I know she shouldn't be there but I
can't scold her because it's just making
me laugh so hard my dad this came down
and we're gonna go see Lauren but we
can't get in the hospital you know God
you gonna shoot me in the leg yeah just
start living they don't want you in the
hospital
do you find it yeah this way we should
drop like little skittles yeah there's
some skittles we can get some Lauren so
which face are you be crying I'd be at
the awesome socks
I hated those things taking massages all
right all right guys want me to go to
bed tomorrow's Lauren's surgery so make
sure you have a lot of love in the
comments so she gets her something to
read as she's healing in the in the
hospital if you guys are brand new don't
forget to subscribe we'll see you guys
tomorrow as always toodles
so else with me
