get it morning good good morning it's a
good hello and good morning at the same
time I'm on a train
good morning guys I am now set I got
carbon fiber propellers now for my
helicopter just badass new pan about
Facebook pretty so weird
they oh we are on our way to the Pokemon
Center which is like basically my
lifelong dream come true my first
lifelong dream was to get to Japan and
then my second lifelong dream was to go
to the Pokemon Center in Japan
yes that was like barely enough oh snap
oh yes oh my god I'm so happy right now
excellent I also got this awesome
package which is actually a cooler which
only leads me to believe that it is what
I thought it was the awesome people at
evolution fresh the juice company sent
me a bunch of stuff bunch of juice for
torch since I can't very well bring the
juicer on tour there's a whole bunch of
them and they're not gonna expire until
the 22nd but guess we'll just dump all
these ice packs so the tour bus I've
gotta keep them all safe
so I'd say I just had a pretty
successful run at the Pokemon Center it
was basically just a giant store that
had a lot of like really cool exclusive
toys and stuff like that and one of the
ladies that my mom works with her son is
a huge Pokemon fan so I got him a bunch
of stuff although they didn't have
anything like mega Charizard because
apparently they haven't even made any of
that stuff yet because there were a
couple of like special requests that I
had from people but they don't even have
those toys out yet but they had a lot of
really cool like the starters from X&Y a
couple of the legendaries and there's
just some really cool stuff in there
alright so we just found this other room
next to the Pokemon Center and
apparently they're giving away two
Pokemon if you come right now with
Pokemon X or Y I have my 3ds and I don't
have my Pokemon game with me I couldn't
go to Japanese lunch it would've
been really cool let's check play
they're all Japanese technically they're
all nothing because they're Pokemon but
damn I could have gotten a special
Pokemon I know probably like 99% of you
are like oh my god what a nerdy child
freak person but that's a bummer I'm a
huge fan of Pokemon cool you can see the
Tokyo Tower from here it looks so
awesome let's lit up I just got to give
a huge thank you to evolution fresh for
keeping me healthy on this tour I think
that'll be enough it's better than
bringing this damn thing cuz you've been
on the bus guys virtually you know that
there's no way I can bring a juicer on
that bus cuz you can even use the bus
water remember have to use like bottled
water to brush your teeth check it out
guys I pretty much have my own
convenience store now this is awesome it
has to be one of my all-time favorite
things about Japan is I think I've
already probably said this but seriously
the convenience stores are amazing how
did you escape out of my trap do you
that get it right gonna tell Coco your
overstaying your welcome right now
so there's like come over here they have
like hot foods all the time and you can
get like hot dogs
in the states but these like pork buns
and beef funds killer next on the list
of crazy things to do we're gonna do
this Freyr place so that's hot oil
I think tempura and then breading all
right let's do this
step 1 step 2
I'm really really bad step 3
do you just leave it in there my school
friend outside yep okay I'll let you out
hold on good God
take it away all right how many didn't
can you possibly be I think you get the
award so this is all the damage that we
did each one of those represent the
piece of food that we had I mean this is
the carnage of the leftover made of
chicken bacon ranch we made a chicken
bacon ranch thing any guesses what's
going on right now I'm just gonna do the
camera right behind my head right now
and take a little walk around the house
do you think my Thunder buddies out
right now hey Thunder buddy she's
shaking don't shake it literally got
your back where do you want to go I'll
follow you this might help Charles a big
old idiot let's just shut this for a
little bit so he came here as well some
we've discovered though if we let them
outside horns oh he's got there and she
goes out and confronts it she's not as
bad
that's at least 10 miles away Zoe it's
okay on one side I know you wanna go
back out there you don't want to go out
there you do a foothold you want doors
open now well he's doing ok close it now
oh you want to put her out there you
just wanted to close Marly out it's kind
of mean chicken ranch
if damn she's nervous she comes in here
and just hits it you just trying to open
the door what are you trying to do that
you try to open the door I can't see is
there lightning out there boy
that one got me going in there that one
there you gonna hide down there by the
toilet remember last time you open that
the thunder when loud you don't want to
go out there dude
Neverending we're safer in here girls
there's Ali's avatar can't spend a whole
day I done dirt hopefully it stopped
soon
so was the new middle getting some work
done and then the thunders started
happening and you could tell she's
scared it's not gonna hurt you it's just
a loud noise Marley the toilet cannot
protect you what are you looking at
thought it is not like a bear Marley if
you don't move and still can find you
and this one still hasn't moved Marley
there she goes see what's going on so I
gotta get some work done okay come on go
to the bathroom it was up to them we
would just stay in the bathroom hide all
day so we're back at the arcade at
around 1:00 and we are gonna watch
Justin drop burgers not
come on I help a brother out I don't
want to get I don't pick that out go get
it
oh you know there's a special stuff in
there huh you can tell is always in a
better mood now okay
doc you hungry dude so you guys in the
internet world suggested putting the SD
card back into the new helicopter and
trying to record something really quick
and hopefully that would like round up
or curve or I don't know what I'm
talking about
it'll make the video file work hopefully
if not it gets it's a lost cause
all right now see this stupid thing will
work
so a lot of you guys have been
suggesting some fun little recipes
specifically strawberries frozen with
Greek yogurt a lot of you guys in the
internet world claim it's like the best
thing ever so we're gonna see as you can
see he's always finally calmed down it
only took like seven hours she's got a
little gorilla ball and everything there
you go and you leave mean you know leave
me after all that you're just gonna
leave me like that gonna leave me hangin
bitch that's not cool bro dude snub me
before I go to bed I want to see this
little yogurt thing is actually good so
this was an idea from you guys it looks
good just basically Greek yogurt so cool
look at this I want to look what it
looks like now it's kind of cool
mmm-hmm
don't like that so if you want to ask
you something
does he give myself those bumps we have
let it cool down a little bit more oh
sorry today was a little bit slow guys
we were kind of in the process of
figuring how to transfer between one
side of Yuka's family's house to the
next I had a male some of our our
luggage so it's kind of a crazy day
we're sort of just trying to figure out
kind of situate all of that but tomorrow
we are planning on doing a Tokyo Skytree
they're like supposedly other buildings
that have a better view of the city of
that I think we're going back to how do
you COO - maybe scope out some
interesting fashion statements so yeah
that's it for today guys
goodnight from Tokyo and we love you as
always we'll see you tomorrow
so I'll just say good night so it's my
turn to say good night don't forget to
subscribe you guys are brand new and
we'll see you guys tomorrow as well good
night guys
with CTFxC
two ants with me
