good morning guys guess what we are
doing today still trying to get the
helicopter who's giving entertainment to
all our neighbors good morning Internet
this is a Japanese rest stop it is like
nicer than some hotels that I've been in
we're on our way to a trick called trick
art museum so like illusion pretty
stoked for this I have no idea what it
is so I sort of blown away libelous
stuff no Gator so far but you actually
see it Wow now the trick is how do we
get it
what is it sexy my Lisa it's so crazy
see that stairwell right over there
let's go over there and go upstairs oh
wait
that's totally just a wall and not
stairs this kind of stuff is so exciting
to me I still cannot believe that that's
it looks so real even on camera
alright so Tai Keys gonna walk as far as
you can oh that's the wall it looks so
crazy on camera it's amazing that's what
all of this looks great on camera it all
looks real that's so that's another wall
to understand perspective like that and
shading also not another hallway just a
flat wall now we just gotta hope that
the footage works does he keep floating
back down okay
holy holy crap I cannot believe that is
on that cockroach alright we're going
all going out to eat you helped take a
look at this see how many faces you can
find in here there are five faces in
this painting
not counting the face of the Sphinx so
try and find it also that's not a real
window that's just a flat wall how crazy
is
little gross it is see the thing is we
got a hope for right now guys is that
the SD card in the back which is usually
waterproof it's okay still so this is
what we hope guys is still good so now
we gonna clean the little Canucks
conductors I could at least get the data
so in this room there are three things
that are real but they didn't paint on
so one is the clock hands
another one is the door handle the last
one is this like writing it's actually
carved oh god the sharks coming out of
the tank
this is rick miera oh hold on one hell
okay go down
whereas tigey oh look what dennis is
found inside the camera weird he's alive
he's still alive someone throw him in
the pond so he doesn't die it's always
important to keep your karma level up
guys even to the tiniest bugs hey go
yeah I totally get eaten that to do that
oh well it's important I at least tried
this like restaurant that was a house
that was up in the mountains and they
just took it down and moved it here
it's a traditional Japanese house and
this is hey you having fun - yeah
absolutely
awesome say awesome awesome oh yeah but
this house is 400 years old everything
is cool everything is awesome I can look
at this this is like surreal toriyama
that's why I come running over because I
didn't want you in there
I knew Dennis wouldn't let you in there
thumbs up cool so this is the compass up
here so this is the thing that went
wrong we think we discovered there might
be a defect
Dennis pointed out there's the wire
right here and then there it goes
nowhere well there's another piece of a
wire here which goes to an antenna in
the leg and look at her come on oh it's
so pretty it's really pretty up there
yes so this is like the setup of this
entire restaurant it's like all these
old school buildings and tons of bridges
so freaking cool and there's like two
feet of snow on everything it's so
surreal as I showed you guys there was a
defect on this stupid thing where the
remote control compass I guess was not
connected so I contacted the company and
they are okay with a return it and
refunding me which is amazing so
Lawrence has taken me down and I'm going
to go send that off which is awesome I
was so afraid that this thing was
trashed so they are refunding my
purchase which now Ali cannot get mad at
me is our first dish at the restaurant
its radish radish yeah so we're trying
to figure out what this is this is the
third course what is this alligator
and a gator I had to get another one
guys while the other ones being replaced
and refunded I figured you know can't
deny you guys some awesome footage so I
have another one here for us and you've
got a better believe I'm gonna fly this
thing today so we let her in a box she
like knows my box actually what we
should do is see if the footage actually
works so um since I'm not home I'm gonna
use Lauren and Dennis's computer see if
this works
good some other kind of whitefish you
know what this is a fish thing I don't
know what I can't feel bad for it so I
pulled the thumbs out and I'm eating it
now
it's about chance or anything this is
the like leftover product from when they
make something and it's like sweet rice
pudding what's a cup on my bucket
buzzer amazake yeah it's non-alcoholic
do you like it good yes unfortunately
there are two files
this one is readable but the video file
is incomplete so I don't know if the
video actually worked
yeah Coco's the first in there oh
they're trying to be nice you wanted
that box instead is that our paws you
want out I don't know what any of the
stuff is but it's pretty badass super
old Japanese stuff so those of you who
are smart will know what all this stuff
is and what it does but I don't know
what it is so I can't tell you anything
cool there's some more cool stuff that I
don't know what it is or what it does oh
wow
selling traditional armor yeah then this
is trying to catch a fat cat with a
traditional old-school cat cat rat she
doesn't care doesn't care
you better believe I'm trying this right
now guys there's a good sunset so see if
this works
a little nervous
this is good nervous music alright now
switch to this camera
going home and we landed in front of a
car sparely his way of getting does that
get back the kitchen keep her in the box
pretty stoked too because the next place
that I'm going we're actually gonna have
a wireless it's been a little tough for
me about for the last couple of days
don't like those photos and stuff
because I don't have wireless with me
constantly I basically come here at
night right before I go to bed and just
send everything to Charles so I'll be
able to post more photos and more cool
stuff a little bit later on the trip so
hopefully I'll be any more on top of
that honey I miss you and I miss the
puppies I hope you guys are staying out
of trouble so I just made cauliflower
pizza again and I'm just kind of winding
down right now I just finished editing
all these clips so I'm just gonna
watching Netflix right now eating my
delicious cauliflower pizza and watching
some Netflix movies I've said it before
go to Netflix COMSAT CTFxC they're a
sponsor of the CTFxC and they give you
guys a free trial from one month and it
helps the show so if you guys want to
try it I know I've talked about before
but you guys are new to the videos just
FYI Netflix compsat CTFxC free one-month
trial and you get to watch all these
awesome movies I watched a movie called
SEAL Team 6 last night which was kind of
interesting because it was like a
documentary slash movie I've never seen
that kind of thing before and it was
kind of cool but as always if you guys
have more netflix ideas or movies or TV
shows please let me know obviously since
Ali's been gone I've been watching a lot
of movies and just relaxing with the dog
but oh by the way before I want to go to
bed I just want to say who actually
thought we'd actually find a helicopter
the best part of the whole situation is
that they're replacing it because they
goofed up there was a malfunction with
the compass which I told you guys I was
doing everything correctly and it just
went away sure no one believed Charles
doodles
we're 16
kidding me
yeah
who else with me
