oh they're still kicking good morning
guys so today I am starting my tattoo
say goodbye to this one I'm going to be
covering this one up actually I should
say moving this so my mom is taking me
it's kind of funny one person who never
wanted me to take get a tattoo is taking
me to get my first sleeve you're happy
is that irony I feel like that's a bit
of irony in there I'm not sure I never
know it's called love I try to do a cat
cafe today so I'm gonna go meet up with
Dimas and we're gonna start my sleeve
tattoo it's gonna be cool because I'm
gonna put a lot of little hidden easter
eggs not literally the easter eggs in my
tattoo well a lot of hidden little
things in there so that's what I'm doing
today hopefully it doesn't take the
entire day second where's Charles I
should bring my little baby Charles like
you guys remember a little me note we
did when I got like in the background of
NASA we made a bunch of little memes of
me like walking and sasquatch I don't
think we'll be able to do it set the
entire day because you know it's gonna
take a long time then we go on tour and
then when I come back from tour we'll
finish it up
something saying we're not even to shoot
yeah so it's gonna get even crazier I
don't know what's happening right now
but apparently there's like a dog statue
right there and all of these people are
taking photos with their dogs this is
the cutest thing I've ever seen
giganto in crossing and she we are look
at the width of this croissant
alright so we are going to a cat cafe
cuz hell yeah so didn't so show me some
ideas this is some of the other ideas
it's gonna look a lot better than uh
what it just looks like that cuz like
this is the shoulder and here's one of
the least our eggs right here yeah we're
gonna hide that in there Zoe Marley and
there's a lien eyes anniversary figuring
out how this works
cut some cats oh my god this is so cute
he was going to Pat you up
let's talking about the CTFxC way then
I'd be cool I've seen somebody actually
had that one that's awesome I think is
awesome yeah it's something you can wear
forget on your forever you want a tattoo
skull and crossbones
we're gonna camera on yourself oh yeah
better that way yeah I don't know how to
do it that way it could be am i doing
right
sleepy unless this is the number one
question so we wanted to ask you as a
tattoo artist who does your tattoos they
you like how do you get better at it
it was advised early on not
my own tattoos okay first you're kind of
practicing in your life but my mentor
told me that I'll be sorry and oh yeah
gonna cover it up later so I've never
tattooed myself
most times have you got a knot you're
not gonna try to portrait your first
tattoo right Zillah by little and also
too you do things where if you do mess
up a little bit you can fix the lips
that was the one question everyone
wanted me to ask like didn't they didn't
know like how how do you get good how do
you practice take sides then you
practice on people and we just you have
to do in smartest being in practice at
my mom she's unwanted is my best friend
buddy we're just hanging out so part
this is our favorite cat it's hilarious
and it doesn't people it's just like
away from all the other guys but they
don't have like rubber boots cadaver
arms or something to divide like
surgeons would use well it doesn't
really doesn't do it so what's good
about those things is that they help you
to learn how to handle a machine English
bulldog looks with a pitbull oh yeah no
name I just got it today round one
one in the back in ten years quite old
that was my first band actually dad came
here looking for the time Charlie's
tattoo
we'll see how it goes from here looks
like he's doing well
so that's what I want to see difficult
kick is so if you ever come to this cat
cafe I don't even know what it's called
over each one of us it's just about
happy neck oh that's hilarious
don't take me I'm sorry for the little
crosshairs in the glass but check this
out
that's the crossing I wonder how many
hundreds of people use those crosswalks
every single time the light changes I'm
just as in the same lad is always
working phone with privacy in the to
remember guys when you want your tattoo
come with this guy is the best feels
like a different needle - oh yeah this
is shaped more like a paintbrush
yeah the other ones shaded kind of like
a pencil tip yeah on the weekend it's
double that amount of people just just
ridiculous I can look at that they're
swimming they're like ants
Yuki's family got me Kristy cream
because they were talking about it and I
freaked out when they said it I think
it was fun they had it here so they
bought me are you guys fighting yeah it
makes it so much that's why I say I can
do this like a puzzle club I've already
done that so this goes here this goes
here you know it's funny of like tattoo
artists are probably the only ones that
can give in to like a valid argument
with a woman about the different colors
like I see yellow I say yellow I see
orange I see orange I've gotten to so
many arguments with Ali the internet
knows so if you guys really want to get
like a tattoo by them that's how you can
contact you but it's written our own
screen go follow its own demons like
that's the messer dmoz is amaz amaz well
yeah yeah right now we're in like four
most famous toy stores in Japan and I am
everything you could ever think of them
dry bones like this final touches so
here's the grand picture eventually it's
going to my shoulder here's my forearm
and so on what is the general idea over
time that already took like five hours
so we got to keep going
who's gonna take few hours right turn to
do 2009 that took five hours so today we
got to how to cheat a little bit late to
see the crazy stuff um so I mostly just
did some gift shopping but now we're
about to get on
the Train now we were out of delicious
we're in your own meat place because I'm
definitely gonna burn it I never cook it
right where the villages with hater to
have your food burnt burn it to your
mouth restaurant right in your mouth
just for you I'm gonna eat some tongue
and I know this is pretty common for
several people but I personally have
never eaten a tongue report this is cow
tongue I'm gonna eat it sweet tongue
that is badass remember guys go follow
Dimas links on the screen there is go
tell one at all on Twitter it's already
looking getting a lot of tweets Burt's
bear forgive it's like cough syrup does
anyone in the internet world tell us the
difference between Revere Birds beer
finish like root beer this is one part
of the entire section I am so stoked on
it I think it came out so amazing as you
guys saw the process this is took four
or five hours my entire arm is probably
gonna take like 25 hours deliciousness
fire me I'm really glad that they're
cooking and not me because I would
totally ask this up look at that she's
so good at this look at the damage that
was done don't them elisheba stuff well
I almost lost you guys my dad and I went
and got pizza and we got home and I
realized I didn't have my camera so I
almost lost you guys it's a piece of
sword
got your face tattooed on my arm girls I
did ride a big scratch what do you think
we think you liked it so I'm back home
and five hours later from the tattoo
it looks freaking amazing I'm so excited
that it came out as well as it did you
mentioned that like after tattoos you
get really really tired because your
endorphins are just constantly exploding
because you have to fight the pain now
like I feel so tired I feel like I just
ran like 20 miles right now all right
guys I'm gonna go to bed I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video I'm pretty excited
to be sharing this moment with you guys
are you guys excited that your face is
on my arm both of you huh
I'm pretty excited too anybody guys so
we'll see you guys tomorrow as always
hope you guys enjoyed today's video
anyway wait hold on hold on ready don't
forget to subscribe
yeah you like that and we'll see you
guys tomorrow as always have a great
night guys
you see what you did
with sexy
who else with me
