we will cut to decided why not build a
gigantic snowman this is a professional
team of snowman builders waterproof give
it a roll why are you growling why are
you growling and why are you still in
bed all of a sudden I hear some sneezing
and then growling she's sneezing oh my
god okay well that just grew like to
eight times the size because if the plan
is to roll it across and then down
because they have the other body part
waiting there should I start working on
a head hold on where's the other body I
have three it's kind of funny watching
Holly's footage then cutting back here
you know beautiful everything is hey Zoe
are you providing us with a little
Florida snow you know that no one's
gonna be able to stop this I'm just
gonna keep rolling right so the number
one complaint about yesterday about me
trying to get my little copter back was
that I went and used a raft that was too
small and everyone is saying to use this
so we went back home and we got the
little cockroach if this works before
the Sun Goes Down maybe am I going to
try
it's true this is not worth going in
that front I'm trying to get down with
him use it right the middle of it
no he's going to end up so it's all
screaming DejaVu red feather
why did I wear pants that's what it
worked yesterday how much Sun you may
have left wait 15 minutes max all we
need how I get have a football does this
look like a seal you give us like seals
I shoulda listened to the Internet then
Samantha the Snowman oh it's complete
and now we're gonna try our hand at
curling you know none of us know how to
play or what it is 14 Olympics Sochi
okay Japan oh wait is it insert this is
the cutest thing I've ever seen a much
good doggie with the guys sadly the
sun's going down so I don't think we can
try this today so I lied Dennis thought
we should try at least one more time I
totally agree
I'm writing a penny for the snow and
it's like probably really changers yeah
don't pay you board in the snow don't
try this at home kids even though it's
super super fun party's over
that on camera oh my god he was doing so
he was like gonna freaking like ride
like shut down all right
daijoubu
you're like in the indian indian sitting
with every alright you should be looking
down everywhere you are right there cuz
it's gonna be somewhere I would imagine
can you see down through the water at
all
see we're definitely not the way to its
Sun straight up
I just wanted to shut the internet so
they know we tried you can tell I don't
know anything about these cameras I know
how to fix them but I don't know how to
operate them if you want to come out
here and hang out on the side I'll go
get ours I don't want you in the Charles
come back in come back up yet
right over there it's pretty big yeah
there was a pretty big it just went
underwater because they are nocturnal
and getting dusk is when they're gonna
be out hunting don't want Charles to be
grabbed by an alligator
we're gonna give up for the from the
moment I don't that was an alligator
they just went under over there so we'd
rather just wait until the sun's high
thank you
Cuban curling human curling go go go go
go
are they gonna make it are they gonna
make it are they gonna make it so this
is the most intense Olympics footage
we've seen all year you know the
Olympics have been going on all year oh
are you on your arm and a leg
oh don't follow me there's nothing to
fall into injured where's Lauren F so
obviously we had to stop because Dennis
thought he saw something and we're not
messing cuz at night alligators in
Florida that's when they eat people and
people on cockroaches floating
cockroaches by the way so what to try
that again
but Internet you were correct the
cockroach was better than the little
boat but it wasn't funnier though got
him it that the little boat was funnier
give me that so we'll have to try I
don't think we can try tomorrow tomorrow
I'm getting the tattoos maybe Tuesday
Dennis and i's goal basically is just to
salvage it because we just want to see
if we can actually salvage it maybe the
footage is still recording on it cuz the
SD cards are actually waterproof so
hopefully we ought to get something out
of this
I think Marley knew Lauren had some
carrots out so how does it feel to be on
the winning Olympic team it's
unbelievable to say thanks to my family
and all my fans watch everybody else
thank you so much I'd like to say thank
you to all the Gundams you know
protecting our world all that so we're
gonna say goodbye to our completed
snowman because I think it might be
melted pretty soon here gundam suits
snowman so today we're taking the
balance aim to the extreme marley heard
that that's the same thing as the cookie
jar to her now
how about if I do this we give me kiss
that's so daring yeah so you like
carrots come on
putting your feet together and hands and
pockets so if you fall you take out the
nearest Japanese person I also had my
first experience with like someone
dressed like in like how did you do but
clothes like style clothes she was
wearing like a giant pink bow huge pink
shoes and a big pink like a ruffled coat
but she was by herself and I didn't want
to make her feel weird on the train so I
didn't watch a picture of her so there
are actually nine different Robins and
these are them so this has nothing to do
with ramen but this is really badass
this is like a real slot car track like
a huge one so we're getting closer and
closer to old Japan okay this is badass
and those are all the ramen shops to get
to go in and try this is so cool what
kind of ramen are you most excited for
everything is like old school I feel
like I'm at like a theme park right now
but totally centered around food which I
am a hundred percent okay with this is a
like shoyu ramen so it's like soy sauce
based basically with chashu which is
like pork and it's really really good
but it's so hot and so filling that all
of a sudden we just finished our first
ramen and this dude is rocking this
yo-yo right now also totally has hair
like Rufio which makes me really happy
so this play is like ridiculously got
yes two of them now
this is honestly so cool how are in a
place called Hollywood ramen and every
one of their menu items is named after a
movie Jurassic pork there's a ramen
that's called Ghostbuster ramen and it
has marshmallows melted in it but the
thing that I want you to put here is the
music was playing which you're not gonna
really hear it but the Sun Goes phat
City Fed sets Stephens making me laugh
guys watch my vlogs for a while you know
that city is pretty big with the boys
only the kings Leonard Cole is kind of
thing okay so we just ordered the
Jurassic pork and it looks like it's
alive
it's like crawling okay what about the
fried fish this is a dried tuna effects
lake trout the tuna and then like over a
period of time and I mean like thinly
slice it oh yeah slurping is acceptable
slurping is accepted and like good
actually to do when you're eating ramen
it took me a while to like my slurp
games a little awkward a first one like
you know you're told not to make noise
like that in Tamil so in the middle of
this awesome run the museum they have a
really cool old-school candy shop where
everything is so inexpensive I just got
all of this candy for 400 yen which is
like about $4 can you tell somebody
eight girls we have to buy another couch
here all right guess what's going on
tomorrow daddy starts his new tattoo is
something I've been wanting to do since
I could remember probably since I was
five but that's exaggeration my dad's
gonna take me he says he's going to get
one as well but I don't think he will so
I was gonna say good night to you guys
as well but I just wanted to say I'll
see you guys tomorrow as always and good
night guys
I just FaceTime with trials and I'm
talking to my mom I do definitely miss
being back home but I am very much
enjoying it here today was really crazy
cool to get to try all those different
ramens and it was cool to be able to
kind of get a glimpse into like um Japan
a few years ago um 150 years ago but it
was cool to get a sense of culture you
know the place that you're visiting so
that was really nice and I just wanted
to say like a thank you to like you he's
family they probably I'm never gonna see
this but I mean I just wanted to say
thank you because they're being really
welcoming and really awesome and it's
just nice to be able to come to a
country where and so foreign like I'm
not used to anything and I don't speak
the language really and to feel so
welcome it's like really nice so if you
guys ever get the chance to travel
somewhere don't feel like you shouldn't
just because you don't know everything
because that's why you should go you
should go to learn so it's a really good
experience and I'm really really glad
that I'm getting
to do this tomorrow we're gonna be
hanging down to Shibuya and Harajuku
which is going to be really really
entertaining for me as well as for you
so get ready for that thank you guys so
much for watching and don't forget to
subscribe and we'll see you guys
tomorrow as always love you guys
can't wait to see what you did
with sexy
with
they'll switch
