good morning guys and when I say good
morning it is 2:00 in the morning and I
am playing Assassin's Creed and I think
I'm on the last level so I feel like I
have to have to film this good morning
guys
I just woke up and let me show you what
it looks like outside that's a lot of
snow so in light of the fact that it's
snowing and we are gonna be here for
like a lot longer and we don't want to
get sick I'm making everybody do sinus
solution and I don't think Justin's done
this since he was little
so we're gonna purposely put hellfire
into our noses right now
that happens I'm crying too excited - I
promise it word doesn't burn all the
time alright suit up because queue up
they will sell movie this and it is
snowing today we went get a little boat
and we're trying to figure this if this
thing's gonna actually hold me up I'll
give you guys two guesses why I had to
get a little low okay one guess tell me
in the comments why you think they had
to get a little boat that's poor enough
though so I think it might fit me and
we're thinking those two little fat ass
kids you know about like my way mental
age exactly oh really cute little otter
I don't know the thing is actually kind
of small so there's a little kid trying
to ride a bike in the snow and it is not
working poor guy is actually perfect for
me music yeah this is like powder snow
it's awesome there's not powers like
definitely what is it what how does it
make snowballs
oh so justin is in the process of making
a snowman oh I get it it's a word I
don't work I think we should test it in
the pool you're already you're taking on
water already those kids must have been
like
this is up you dick it's beautiful
I mean I think this note is wonderful
but I can imagine that if you had to do
this every single day
it was quite annoying look at this when
it's snowing is silent like it's quiet
because the rain makes noise because
it's heavier but snow is like silent and
all the animals are quiet there's like
nothing happening outside so it's just
so calm and quiet and it's beautiful
it's really keeps going in my eye I'm
chowing down this is like what you think
you don't you don't
we got the mega if you guessed that we
are going to get the helicopter out of
the water you guessed right this one was
totally not my fault us all yesterday
was coming home guy was talking to me
into the complimenting height I looked
out for one second I looked back down it
was gone and we used to find my phantom
app and of course it's like rate here so
if you guys the little boat is gonna be
this high in the phantom and the rule is
Lauren cannot stop filming and Ali if
you are watching this
Lauren is completely opposed to this I'm
just doing it anyway so it's not her
fault yeah Dennis's fault I am NOT down
for this at all this is a really bad
idea I wanted to get the alligator but
we couldn't find one okay it's getting a
little colder out here and I can't even
see the snowfall there it is is it heavy
no not bad oh my god
there's snow blowing literally every
direction there's snow coming up under
my umbrella it's blowing up some of the
bullet trains have been delayed because
of all the snow I feel like such a
grandma because I'm wearing this like
giant like thing look at your feet Oh
gross
I don't think you're gonna float such a
bad idea you might want to back up a
little bit I don't that's saying in a
passcode your butts in the water I mean
you can see the bottom now right
see it'll be nice and her son were
shining you're left of course you know
it's not gonna tell me because then this
needs to be where you are I'm deep is it
yeah but the poles get it I pick it up
you are king make it to the edge please
buying a child's toy to try to do
something well then give it to some
little kid yeah oh fail I'm bummed
because I did everything right this time
it was coming home and then it didn't
come home it's no man be safe here you
are not done yet we just have to leave
the stove in there I don't think he's
gonna melt anytime soon
I just hope somebody doesn't come around
him Justin you're a little covered in
snow
show me your ball that you're making
Justin is obsessed with making the
perfect snow ball I think he's pretty
well achieved that
and there's consistently water on the
lens sight about that there's nothing on
my body that I can dry it off with right
now sorry I got that car dude holy Sh so
here's something that I absolutely love
about Japan like a lot of the
restaurants you go to they show you like
their osusume like their recommended
food it's out front
and it all looks amazing and if it's
real but it'll look so good there are
like plastic models of food and they all
look perfect they look perfectly
delicious I want them I don't know why
we're doing this but we're walking out
into this
oh that was terrible
run run don't run check out what I just
found
annoying orange at a castle station so
that was such complete bull because
that's the second fly away and this time
it was not my fault
I didn't fly in windy environment I was
trying to get an awesome sunset photo
for you guys that I'm pissed off
DJI come on man you got to help me out
that was not my fault the firmware was
updated and I had it on coming home and
it just not come home but internet you
got to give me some freaking credit for
going out there in that dinky little
boat to try to rescue it just a little
bit of credit just a little bit remember
the other day when Charles said he had
the biggest Apple that he's ever seen I
think this is bigger
that's like massive that's look at my
hand okay so like an orange one of these
oranges on the sides of like
apples and nice very cute or sometimes
that's why I'm not gonna buy this so
huge I'm totally just walking around
like recklessly I don't know if I'm
supposed to touch the food yes one of
those guys looked at me like I wasn't
supposed to do that
what are you looking at that's one of
Yuki's cousins I got a package I got a
package I got two packages hey hey hey
hey I ordered some t-shirts from CTFxC
Merce calm yes I buy my own t-shirts got
some of the hoodies by the way guys the
hoodies are back in stock and actually
today is the last day to get the raffle
quadcopter after today I think they're
gone forever I think today is three
Sunday yeah I think it is so after today
the roflcopter shirts are gone so if you
want those i restock the hoodies so I
bought some hoodies for the family have
a got else what any order so I got some
snazzy gifts for the family think
they're gonna enjoy it
people still ask me why I still wear my
own t-shirts as I'm wearing my own
t-shirt the best and short answer I
could possibly give you is that I'm just
super proud of what it's become in fact
as I eat a pretzel hold on I'm gonna
make it harder blog now the new tattoo
on the right arm is actually gonna have
a couple secret little CTFxC things so
that's the shorten the best answer for
everyone who's always been asking me and
they like shooting each other with
umbrellas I mean it's been a really long
and crazy day of trekking through the
snow I was trying to film more but my
camera was soaking wet and I actually
thought I was gonna break at one point
tomorrow I think the snow actually have
stopped falling so I'm gonna try and go
outside and actually take some nice
pictures and get some good footage of
just the snow kind of on the ground it's
just been so much fun here so far
everyone has been so polite and so
welcoming but yeah this is like
seriously a dream come true and it's
it's so so nice to be able to be here
I'm really appreciative that Charles was
so supportive of me and you know letting
me do this and encouraging me to do this
so you know it's just it's the best I'm
really lucky all right guys thank you so
much for watching today's video and we
will see you tomorrow
come on Wow good night bye actually I
guess I should say but you asked me not
sighs because it's like good night good
night guys
well okay
with CJ a vaccine
vexy
they'll switch
