you're asleep she was sleeping right in
between your arms just wanting love okay
so this is starting to feel like deja vu
she hits the door okay good I'm like oh
my dog wants to come inside oh wow
you're actually gonna do it today made
me look like a liar all right you're
even out food that's what's going on
this is always the hardest part of daily
vlogging is finding a thumbnail and a
title because everyone knows that's the
most crucial thing in the world because
you could have the greatest video game
of all time
oh by the way Ali and I just ran two and
a half miles without stopping we're
crushing it I didn't stop no I I got
okay look distracted focus on what I was
saying you can have the greatest video
of all time and they have a terrible
title yes are you know mother's been
trying to help me but she's useless
right now do you have total idea you
know I can't speak dog the title idea
well if you want this look at me
Marley don't look at me do you want this
you come up with the title nope you got
to come up with the title y'all work for
this thing okay that was terrible but
you can have a cookie anyone yes I know
I talk to my dogs
if your dog talked like Marley you would
- I know you would
rich I tell you I am rich this reminds
me of like that Duff Taylor show with
Scrooge McDuck I know we're standing in
all this money Ali's been doing this for
about a year and every time she gets
extra change from her bag she just
throws it in here are you like it you're
not counting it now are you
so I think it's surprised Easter Easter
egg fund on that scar like just chilling
right there that was in there that was
in there you saved it hey go happy
expensive
or life hack by Ali save your change
yeah I'm horrible with my change I just
I just lose it
my mom you said teachers like do this
like save a coin thing and then at the
end of the year you can use it on
whatever you want you can either save it
or you can continue to or you can use it
burchett for frogs Jack Pigott for
whatever and I'm kind of this is like
our rainy day pot kind of so maybe one
day if we decide we want to go back to
the mountains and dogs this could
potentially be a partial help this is
our pool fund that's what this is you
gotta have to have like that's our pool
fund that's how we're getting a pool yep
that's the CTFxC pool fund cannot give
you the down payment or this legal
tender you kiss you have two other
pennies and how much like how many
pennies would that be let's just say a
pool cost $30,000 how many pennies would
that be thirty million I'm horrible math
they tell you I'm bad at math it's
actually three million pennies would be
thirty thousand so pay for a pool with
three million pennies I'm gonna thank
you I mean like if I were like the guy
that is doing it I would literally hey
can you imagine personal well I have an
idea right now a million or how many did
you say the three million pennies here I
want to do some other math hold on why I
would see how much this would weigh I
would say how much it weighs yeah I'm
gonna figure that out
how much does a single penny way I think
don't make fun of me if this is wrong so
one penny ways point zero eight eight
ounces so if you do point zero eight
eight ounces times three million you get
two hundred sixty-four thousand ounces
then if you put that into pounds you get
fifteen thousand three hundred and
seventy-five pounds which would be you
at fifteen what I say fifteen thousand
375 fifteen thousand 375 pounds would be
seven point seven tonnes tune in
tomorrow we'll be going over social
studies so you'll be paying seven point
seven tonnes in pennies pennies
pennis
so if you were just curious I just
answered something you probably didn't
care about
there's here worthless information for
the day and I can't impress somebody the
back corner of your brain it's worth for
one of those rainy days and somebody
asks you over any question like how much
just three million pennies away today we
have to tackle an ongoing project I feel
like we have been doing since we moved
in here and it's just because I feel
like we have nothing to really organize
it today
we're organizing it's not bad it's not I
mean heaven forbid this is a little
rough but it's really not that bad to be
completely honest with you I think all
it's gonna take is getting like maybe
some shelves and things like that to
kind of put things up and off of the
ground because one thing's gone the
ground start piling things on top of it
and then it gets chaotic checkouts along
I don't think it's gonna be that bad or
grow nothing did you hear that we're
groaning yeah Dean we're gonna grown up
did you say good morning to the internet
showing your face I don't want to really
Malone let me and dear God let me in
well I want anybody let me and our doors
are disgustingly filthy from all the dog
nose slobber and ever you think no you
won't come inside are you gonna be
indecisive again and run away okay I'll
let you in are you gonna come in this
time are you gonna go back out there and
play you guys so indecisive they're
literally just bypassing Halloween and
Thanksgiving go straight for Christmas
there's wind I think it's bringing in
all the cold air how excited are you for
that I know you're excited stewardess a
little before and after before
obviously I was going through all this
and I found this and it looks a little
bit questionable somebody came over but
this is actually from that brief stint
where we had jellyfish haze getting
better looking a lot better yeah
so I've had this thing since my first
band funny-looking kid this is actually
Danny Duncan and I his first band and
I've had this I think it's from our
merch and I've been trying to like now
it's open of course it's open now that
I've pried it so I haven't I've been
wanting to open this thing forever just
to see what was in here making noise
what a weird merch ten blue that I got a
silver dollar well it's like those are
like pure silver right there and then I
got these I got some gold coins yeah I
know we were making a lot of money back
in the day
you guys ready for this look how awesome
that looks still got a few things in
here what actually got to get rid of not
too much bring it in bring her in all
the other dog hair on that so one of my
favorite things other than actually
being clean about cleaning and like
doing things like what we just did and
that wonderful montage
I love montages that's another thing is
getting all the stuff that you don't
necessarily need anymore and able to
donate things that are still good that
you just don't find useful
so like I'm taking everything right now
at the Salvation Army and it's nice
because I hate throwing things away hate
being wasteful so does Ally drives our
nuts
anything from food to just anything
especially toys anything like that just
drives both of us crazy so we always
make about even dog toys extra dog toys
that they don't want we always make it
like a a point to actually make sure
other people can use this kind of stuff
so I'm right now that I do that and then
I need to eat we burnt like Ellie and I
are killing it right now as far as this
exercising thing that's what I love
about this Apple watch is it really kind
of its motivation I know you shouldn't
like count calories or anything like
that but I like counting them only
because I like winning and lately today
I think I won again yesterday well I
think I've won every single day honestly
I think maybe Ali won a couple times
against all of our friends I think Danni
made that one too but for the most part
I just get so obsessed so I've been I'm
actually kicking ass at the end of the
day I'll tell you what I have anyone she
just loves those blankets I know
oh so jealous you were so jealous don't
be so jealous I don't even have to pay
attention to sort of sit there why she
just gave you spinach carrots and
broccoli I know I just gave you a
kick-ass meal you guys hate better than
we did
that's not true yeah thought you're
actually you having fun in there
yeah I'm fun in there gov you said the
low yet today oh yeah she's been regular
appearances tell me how you really feel
by what else what we just walked you
don't be a jerk
oh no you're being a jerk
no you are you're wrong
hey screw you too
I'm just kidding I love you good you
should love me too
all right guys well I'm gonna go to bed
because tomorrow I have to get about 5
o'clock because we actually have a show
I don't remember we're in Louisiana at
some University but I'm not quite sure
you'll just have to you know watch
tomorrow's video but I almost forgot to
say I gotta show you guys to score but I
did win today as I said that Ben just
closed all the rings all right so the
score as of now Allie had 878 calories
burned Ben 920 Brian 467 Chris 319 Danni
437 Duncan 260 to me 1138 Megan 341
Melissa 436 Missy 413 and my buddy
Robert 535 Valentin 239 my friend Z 723
so I won told ya
all right now on that victory I gotta go
finish doing this fun stuff and I will
see you guys tomorrow don't forget to
subscribe oh good I guess bye victory
high-five
