good morning going to the doctor's seven
o'clock in the morning and we are going
to the what is it called the bone the
bone doctor stem cell going to the stem
cell it's a gonna listen word I'm
looking for
there you level when people do that it's
like an ally does it to me a lot
it's like you know it's like this one
thing it's like you know what I'm
talking about
no no one else is in your head honey
free appointment consultation you were
in my head for stem cell
hopefully I never need it but it's just
in case we're doing it all right so this
morning Justin and I are scoping out Ted
I don't know where he is I haven't
actually seen him yet
Ted the pepper fish that lives in the
sanctum Jimmy's already Ted Ted so I
have to wear this because you know
everyone's immune system in the bone
marrow transplant area obviously has
lower immune systems so it's a little
freaky though right yeah I feel safer
about wearing this thing it's kind of
funny
it just feels safer nothing's getting in
my mouth although I can smell my breath
and I need a mint is it weird to vlog
like this you guys can't see any
expression of my face at all and Ali's
not here so I can mess with whatever I
want to mess with
let's turned on why is it turned on
because this one you both oh jeez all
this stuff and I think on the one I
can't be like when you go to a doctor's
office you go through every single thing
just to see what everything is
I think there's RP cups so we made our
first play of identifying and we are in
Atlanta we're about to do my favorite
thing since we were little kids
basically is writing the plane train the
plane train and all my years of flying
I've never seen like the engine case
open like that or whatever you want to
call that sorry dad I don't know what my
job is in avionics he would kill me if
he heard me saying this crap and that
bad boys are playing double mother and
echo y'all first try and we got all this
room does it move up and down that
hairpin
it's like right there look at things Oh
II have she follows me everywhere four
hours later we are now going home I
don't know how to describe this they're
gonna take all the the marrow out of my
blood or my bone would it be called a
young the immature
maril no what did she call it immature
stem cells the stem cells that make my
body work basically work it's not like
the whole like the old one used to be
like a giant needle in the hip they do
now is they inject you with something
that like for over overly produces stem
cells in your body and then it just
overflows in your blood and they do cool
little to the catheter one arm goes into
this machine that sucks up all the
simcha cells yeah and it throws it back
in the other arm it's kind of
fascinating so what we're gonna probably
end up doing is doing that as a
precautionary thing they remove of stem
cells and then they give you a high dose
of chemotherapy inside the hospital so
your your immune system is completely a
zero and then they slowly pull and put
back your own stem cells your home once
from before it was kind of crazy and
then your body just rebuilds it like
before but right now it's just the
storing of the stem cells
yeah so I just landed and of course the
first thing that I'm gonna do is the
speed test I'm using the free wireless
and took your 92 and I'm guessing it's
gonna be pretty awesome
let's check it out
not so much Marley where did you find
this is that why you ran over there that
chocolate how did you find the chocolate
Marley the thing wasn't bad chocolate
that's how I know when you did something
bad you run away you know hey look who
we found Yuki so we are in Japan and we
didn't lose any of our bags so that's
the start and we just got our first well
I got my first meal which is hair my
mouth we got our first drink which is
pocha which is kind of like black tea
it's a hot black tea and the first thing
that happened is I went to a vending
machine that had hot drinks on the top
and cold drinks on the bottom so I'm
already completely mesmerised by Japan's
drink selection driving Tokyo I cannot
believe I'm here right now like I
literally haven't even set foot outside
the car
freaking out we're just driving around
the city
so happy right now this is like
oh my god I've dreamt about this for so
long this is like a huge huge moment
what is I see of you this is the Rainbow
Bridge yeah do they change the colors of
the lights sometimes oh there you go
that's a better view of Tokyo Tower it's
all lit up like a baby Eiffel Tower go
what are you doing to her account is she
playing with your tail
she's like everyone look at this photo
it's me when I was little I got to show
you guys this look at Miley's face now
that was Marlon when she was little it's
just basically you had your brown turned
into black you're black turned into
brown your face is totally different
Marley
so that's Marlon when she was little
when I first got her look at her face it
was all completely black what's the
first thing that you do when you get to
Japan go to 7-eleven we're gonna
Japanese 7-eleven and then go to the
bathroom also because we had to pee for
like an hour and we accidentally took
the wrong exit on one of the roads and
we made like a 30-minute circle around
Tokyo so that's accurate look at all
this stuff there's so much stuff and
it's also awesome Joe this is the
greatest
oh yeah look at that you get that at
7-eleven alright so after all those
doctor's appointments I need to take a
sleep take a sleep Charles take a sleep
I need a good nap hey take naps every
time I take a nap always feel worse than
I did before it's yes feel like that
like you know what you feel like if you
take a nap you'll feel good but then you
wake up you feel worse or you more
confused than ever that's why I hate
naps
you're gonna come take a nap in the
comments below be honest do you guys
still take naps if so tell me your age
and if you take naps hi my name is
Charles I'm 29 and I still take naps
I'll be right back right about now but
would like though so we slept way too
long dude good so this is like our first
meal
it's ramen and it's really good and also
you can tell me that slurping is not
long
for ramen not for anything else though
and when you walk around you put the
bowl up your mouth and show all the rice
in which I feel so awkward doing but
that's what you do
I need that on a shirt I agree hamburger
is also in my life oh boy
love those strawberries you're working
for this jerk come on you'll bring kids
come on was that worth it yeah she's
like it's okay I'll take this one it's
cool she can have that I'll take the
pillow you guys want to see the most
gigantic red arm show you've ever seen
bye
so I'm currently at an internet cafe
Yuki's helping me because I don't speak
Japanese and I'm trying to upload so
wish me luck I have to end the vlog here
because it's getting late here today was
kind of boring it was just like a travel
day for me mostly and for Justin and
Yuki actually we just got in today
tomorrow is gonna be awesome we're gonna
start going on some adventures so
prepare yourselves honey I miss you I
hope you're doing well
and give the puppies kisses alright
girls before you take a poop I got to
show the Internet so grace Hannah and
mamrie sent us a little gift and I
wanted to film it I have a feeling I
know what it is because it's got a
little campfire a little lodge this is
nice
yep captain Cota this is awesome
Oh cute huh look Zoe were official
members now I got my stylish new shirt
hey guys I want to teach you guys a
little little trick I've found when
charging your iPhone if you ever find
yourself with your phone dying quick way
to do it turn airplane mode on and then
start charging your phone
it literally charges in half the time a
little travel tip with Charles or travel
trip with Charles oh come on not really
those clever get it travel trip because
my last name is trippy and you're going
on a trip when you're traveling so
something random that I promised I would
let you guys know first the hoodies and
all the other shirts are now back in
stock at CTFxC merged
so if you guys weren't been wanting to
get a hoodie and it was out of stock
they're back on stock now I don't know
how long it's gonna last but I just want
to let you guys know tonight
okie dokie so I held up my end of the
bargain I'm gonna go play video games
now movie time guys they're going movie
time snacks grapes apples and bananas
popcorn all right guys so I'm getting
really sucked into Assassin's Creed
right now so I will probably do this and
pass out am I the only one that wears
like a hoodie when playing Assassin's
Creed
I just feel cooler I'm always just like
this and I just feel cooler anyway hope
you guys enjoyed today's video we're
starting to see more more and more
footage from Ali
Japan which is really exciting I cannot
wait to see all the stuff over there and
hopefully you guys are really excited
too so if you guys were brand new please
don't forget to click the little
subscribe button and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night
he's always says good night even though
she's passed out doodles
we're sexy
with me
