good morning he's leaving got everything
it's right here
you look cool you're playing worthy look
at Eden Zoe got up to say bye that's a
rare occasion right there and Marlee get
it all yeah have fun Japan ooh
girls okay girls I gotta go goodbye
hey have fun
there you go back to bed yeah sadly I
can't go with Ali and them to the
airport because Lauren has taking them
and then going straight to work she
didn't have time to drop me off so I'm
just going back to bed because a couple
hours actually have a like a meeting
with my tattoo artist without starting
my sleeve which is really exciting for
me because I've been wanting to do this
for years now so I'll see you about now
and we're back hey guys so I am now
going to get my my arm basically
measured my dads taking me to go of my
arm measured for my tattoo sleeve I've
been wanting to do this for a very long
time so I'm finally getting the balls to
do it I'm just gonna go and do it it's
pretty much what it is I got my juice we
got a lot of juice right now I don't
want to really tell you what the idea is
I just want you guys to see it because
it's an idea I can actually build on for
the next few years of my life
or next eighty years of my life I could
just build on it I've been really cool
to be 80 years old and getting another
tattoo
I want to just go back to D must be like
88 and they're like I want another
tattoo right here but it's like a cool
little story one like an ID I could do
so I have to leave my arm measured and
I'll film all that whole process you
guys want to see what my dad's always
done since I was little he always keeps
the drum stick in his like car and then
he does this and always beats the hell
out of his steering wheel he's done that
since I was little you used to do it on
the dashboard and we're back
there's Dimas he's from the measurement
or get some measurements I guess that
were you doing to draw your design want
to fit your body nice goes with your
musculature and all that right gotta get
an excel I'm gonna work it out
and then yeah trace your muscles and
stuff so I can know where the shapes are
and even though we're doing like kind of
random seeming objects of the body in a
way that doesn't close with you know
when you move your arm that kind of goes
with you this stuff well-placed
tattoo is yeah it's important as far as
of it yeah it turned on from Dyson how
you feeling buddy feeling better after
surgery look guys I want to show you he
needs to have a freaking walker can we
tie come on buddy
so happy though so get that goofy smile
how to piss off Tyson tasting sup mo one
of the chills cats I've ever seen
mo Oh fun fact about mo he's named mo
because it sounds like he says mo whoa
probably one of the only cats as let you
touch his belly - you guys remember the
kittens this is the mom that gave birth
to all those kittens a couple years ago
actually I guess is four years ago when
kittens trying to turn the cat's they
become cool you looking like chance a
chance what was his name the other dog
from homeward bound yeah you look like
shadow dude that knows what
hey name-o all right now go to your mail
I like I want everyone to hear what
happens when my mom goes and they'll go
check your mouth you've got mail
thank you well wait let me get the dust
off here so I've been at my parents
house for the last hour - trying to like
teach them all the stuff about PDFs and
stuff like that just basically getting
them online and fixing their computer
because their internet connection is not
working which if you know as a trippy
household if the internet doesn't work
everyone goes crazy out of all
technology in the world this is the one
thing that I can never use as a fax
machine we're currently trying to fix my
mom's routing system my dad's losing his
mind all these cables
how do cables do this why isn't
everything just Wireless history cutting
save the scissors just about everything
I cut it all you don't need them yeah we
did it we did it
Oh an amazing day yeah that only took
four hours of our day do you guys
realize how fast your internet is it
used to be really fast and then oh is
that a dog bark Tyson get manlier
do you smell Kobe Tyson are you bummed
they're like what is this you went and
saw them without me what is this I'm
sorry I didn't have time
no I didn't have time I want to talk
about the tattoo and we're just
surprised you want to go see him
so girls it's just you and I wait wait I
gotta do officially got initiate
bachelor mode initiating bachelor mode
now wait that's once that's 50%
initiated
I already initiated that one almost done
guys fully initiate this am I gonna pick
that up I'm just gonna leave that there
100% initiated bachelor mode
I miss Ally already uh-huh last night a
CTFxC R sent me a recipe for because you
know I'm trying to get out the starches
and stuff it's got basically it's called
cauliflower but to mashed potatoes
cauliflower honey spray just that color
to have mashed potatoes mashed
cauliflower sounds gross but apparently
it just tastes just like it if not
better so I'm gonna try that tonight
tonight I'm gonna try tonight so I got a
steamed the cauliflower it's funny as
you get older your taste buds totally
changed you say hate cauliflower hate it
hate it now I love it so I'm kind of
just making up my own recipe right now
all I'm doing is taking a full thing of
organic cauliflower chopped it up to
florets I think is what it's called put
it like in a steaming situation I'm just
going to keep steaming it and that takes
forever and I got a food processor I got
peeled garlic some parmesan some melted
butter then it would process it like a
beast and see if this a city good
feeling can't really screw up good me
and you're just gonna have cauliflower
and butter and garlic freakin delicious
are you guys excited you guys excited
for it oh don't belittle yawn now it
looks just like mashed potatoes let's
try it not bad either definitely tastes
like cauliflower doesn't taste like
potato it's a good alternative no man
the was that this is meaning the
poochie's watching movies tonight
what do you guys want to watch so we're
just looking through Netflix right now
trying to find some fun stuff oh you
guys remember this show that was a show
that we watched on the tour bus in
Europe actually I want to watch some
more of those and just kind of relive
that if you guys have never seen an
Idiot Abroad it's actually on Netflix
now it must be new they just added it
it honestly became one of my favorite
shows on that tour you guys remember our
tour bus drivers coach he's the one who
showed me this once again I just have to
remind you guys if you've always wanted
to try Netflix and you just never tried
it go to Netflix comps I CTFxC you get a
free one-month trial it gives you a free
one-month trial it helps support CTFxC
and all about that fun stuff so you can
watch this show other movies and stuff
like that
where we just come just go to kind of
look through the beta but yeah I always
want to remind you guys because I think
it's awesome and if you guys want to try
it out because I know a lot of people
always want to try out Netflix and I
thought it was like kind of like a
win-win situation
you guys the CTFxC gets a free free
trial and then it helps support the
CTFxC and do awesome things for you guys
I get your snacks pick what I want more
sex you're just never happy she's been
hitting the bell every five seconds this
is what happens when now he's gone okay
I'm gonna shut up now and watch this
movie technically is past the next day
so I have to say good night guys
hope you enjoyed today's video tomorrow
I actually have to go and say after like
it's like a doctor meeting tomorrow it's
like a doctor meeting tomorrow I'm gonna
follow these quotes lately it's like a
bone marrow like transplant
consultation just in case knock on wood
that I ever need it but hopefully I
don't anyway so I'll see you guys
tomorrow hope you enjoyed today's video
don't forget subscribe guys a brand new
alright toodles
we're sexy
yeah
so else with me
