good morning Marley did you find these
long encounter be shut up and give me
some cookies these are the cookies that
actually taste good for people hello
internets I just finished
Aysen I don't even know what day it is
so I just finished a round of therapy
it's been a couple of weeks since I've
started doing it and I'm actually
feeling much better I'm really really
happy with the progress that I've had
and the results that I've seen from
doing the therapy and she gave me a
couple at home exercises which are
hilarious and I'm gonna demonstrate them
for you shortly
also last night I beat my pinball record
by more than double I crushed it and I
never thought I was gonna beat it and it
was so exciting and it unlocked modes on
that game that I've never seen before
and it was nuts and I was sweating and
it was so intense and then I couldn't
fall asleep because I had so much
adrenaline go full game oh yeah I have a
problem it's pretty obvious I have a
really cool surprise it's it's so fun
and so awesome and Charles is that's the
dodge bet and Charles is being really
supportive in like the best husband ever
so I'm really stoked about this and no
matter what I say they're gonna be
people in this audience that are gonna
call me a bitch or like haters gonna
hate hate sip and dad haterade that's
fine people are gonna get mad at me no
matter what I say
but Charles and I have talked about this
and it's something I've wanted to do for
a long time so I'm actually going to
Japan yeah yeah for a long time so I've
never been to Japan and my friend Yuki
just graduated from college and as a
gift his dad is kind of sending him over
there so my brother and I have been
planning a trip with Yuki to go to Japan
for literally 14 years and we've never
done it so now is basically my
opportunity to go so I'm leaving
tomorrow well today actually for you
guys if you're watching this and Charles
is being the most important
and best husband ever the reason why we
had like held off on telling you guys
was because what we wanted to make sure
I was gonna like have any seizures or
anything like that with the chemo that
says I've been really good I told her
just to go because I want to watch these
videos myself and we didn't want
anything weird to happen to him in Japan
and not be able to get help I'm still
not cleared to go international travel
I'm not pushing her to go yeah I'm
trying to wait for him to have at least
three or four rounds of seizure free
chemo before we do anything please don't
do that I really don't want you to fall
in the pool accidentally it's pretty
cold intense women's is we got the new
pool I'm so I this is taking every ounce
of self-control I have not to shove you
in right now
seriously I bet it is if so it's like
you're literally just move maybe we'll
just go right in so yeah I know people
are gonna get mad because on the
Australia trip people got mad every time
I do anything without Charles people get
mad but it's kind of that to me is just
stupid because honestly if you know
anything about what makes a relationship
and especially a marriage work it's that
you have to love and trust the person
enough to let them still have a life
outside of your marriage because you're
both still people individual people with
individual wants and needs and so it's
kind of like when Charles decided to
join with the Kings I knew it would be
unfair and also just stupid to tell him
not to do it because he asked me of
course before he did it and he was gone
for 300 days the first year that we were
married so that's like a big deal but
you know what when you're committed and
you love someone you want them to be
happy and you know what makes them happy
you let him do it this is kind of like
my dream trip and Charles has been
really supportive well I'm going oh I'm
making you go and he's making me go are
you holding the dog ransom yes no he
looks so sad
ransom Gordon knows okay shut up we get
it beautiful so anyway that's the big
news I'm going to be going to Tokyo and
I think Kyoto on the Shinkansen the
bullet train and I'm really stoked and
bottom line if you guys have any awesome
cool Japan things to do tell us in the
comments oh yeah Magali go actually yeah
that's dude but I should have just asked
you guys cuz you probably know more than
I do about
so remember how I was talking about how
symptoms could have predicted the future
of the game but obviously they were way
off I just have to show you guys this is
from the Scorpio episode what are the
kind of back on track with the
predicting of the future so here's a
little screenshot of that episode here's
a little screenshot of the game pretty
accurate Simpsons did it again
who was that dude who was always pretty
no future that produced the end of the
world what's his name
Nostradamus am just the Simpsons back
graining if you thought you've seen
everything weird think again because my
husband's eating potato chips for them
for no Ruth no you don't want grease on
your hands
it takes more skill to do it this way
yeah clear that skill I can't use
chopsticks but I can do this the hell
why can I do this and I use chopsticks
someone just tweeted this to me and it's
amazing
hello kitchen what you're doing getting
sick no I just wanna make sure I don't
what do you want
yes those are my hands there's like a
love of the crocks
they're eyeballs yes silly screen shot
mother Zoey's eyes oh my god
some just came on Zoey's face she
sneezed really huge I was like what the
hell just came off her face she lost a
whisker oh you lost the whisker put it
back though don't eat it there I can do
a big bag I will do it I do dance whoa
nice great breakdown good
yeah Miley she's trying to catch a bug
and she's chewing the glass watch her
she was literally biting the glass a
second ago that was hilarious watching
she's trying at a bug she had her face
against the glass like that's exactly
what she was doing exactly what you do
again huh saying she got it you got a
bug I think she got it watch her
did you get it believe that that this
dress was packed twice no girls ladies
con now this is this has been packed two
times and I could wear that tonight I
guarantee it lay it on Marley one time
no no just lay it on her one time just
one time this is the important thing
while he does every time sheets fix a
bowl like some water
cuz the next bowl looks too clean
a little dishwasher catches the ball you
guys didn't see in last yesterday's mail
vlog the girl who got Zoey the gorilla
ball also got her another gorilla ball
and a hippo ball and a sheep ball where
are those sorry there's a gorilla ball
could go kicking yeah your rock and roll
teddy bear or do you want this big ball
somebody sent the big version of
Marley's forever toys you can you even
get that barely you can do that hey fun
one
loves those things as mommy shooting a
video you guys have to be right there
huh think I'll go up with two cameras on
saw a mess with Zoey
well video you shouldn't marry for
January
I'm already Ally's favorite video on her
YouTube channel what is your YouTube
channel ally I forgot it hey Ichiko
Seichi Ali
she's filming Marley come on well they
don't you know quiet on the set
the Charles learned something there
about this copter
we're on
nah-ah you can tilt control it if you
hold it
these are the so is it using the
gyroscope in your phone I can't see the
lights not working I'm down hugging Zoey
so Ali is trying to make executive
decisions on which gadgets to bring got
a GoPro right you have a vlog camera
GoPro a go Pole yeah the 70 be that way
she could film some pretty videos Ali is
still packing your stuff
typical typical packing fashion of both
of us so packing last minute the next
time you'll see Ali should be in Japan
and the footage for the next couple days
are gonna be freaking awesome I'm
actually really excited to see I told
her to go see that like I think it's
like a subway system or they like I'll
pack each other in there they stuff each
other in there where does this dance
yeah
also I wanted to remind you guys that
the quadcopter shirt the Rafah
quadcopter shirt the end this Monday
after this Monday they are never coming
back so if you want to get those limited
edition t-shirts go to CTFxC merch calm
like I said this Monday then they're
done so I wanted to give you guys a
rather reminder so I'll see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night
doodles
I'll see you on the other side of the
world I think toodles in japan japanese
now I did there's no dude
good night guys
you see what you did
with sexy
else with me
