alright ready for another rail vlog yeah
I don't have to do ready for this one
guys yeah that's our intro
I just like living in pain oh that's the
game plan Bam Bam Bam
it's called Bam Bam Bam yeah where's
pebbles this is from Christine from
Colorado she said this is for me so the
zombies don't get to me and this is
right necessary you cuz you like
cupcakes and Christmas huh I thought
that was a combination my god this is
from Alexander and Daniel and I already
know thank you guys
alright and I pick your favorite
Simpsons character there's Charles Liz
blinky down there and mine is where'd he
go you lose again
no like mom welcome to boats
I like Moe and I also like I like Ned
and I like Smithers does radioactive man
yes pretty much
and also Quimby not for me that's the
mayor Wiggum chief Wiggum he's such an
idiot I wanted to show you guys this is
from Molly she did this and sent to us
fragile handle with care oh that's
awesome so this is from arendelle
this is the big book of Jesus so there
are over 400 so big and natural juice
recipe dictionary this is a frickin
crazy and he also made us this badass
bookmark to bookmark our favorite
recipes
I feel oh my god actually it is pretty
heavy that's pretty cool though that's
great so this is also from Eric this is
really badass they're like a bunch of
stickers in our silhouettes called
transfers I think right yeah I think so
you put them on the windows transfers
whatever something that is adhesive and
we she'll put them on your mom's car I
don't know
just go put on random people's cars I'm
mad what they get this from the plant
family they made it hey wait what was it
for I don't know don't say oh it's like
Flavor Flav it's really nice thank you
guys so cool so this is from Zama
I think it's her name but it's not I
apologize
it's funny when I obviously missed your
misses I always think of the movie
Smiths you know that Brad Pitt and
Angelina jewel with Julie mr. mr. Smith
oh so this is from it's either Briana
Briana I won't know until you say I'm
Briana from Sun B ah go away to join us
jockey frisbees and doggy treats I think
this is gonna be for Zoey to chew on
Marley's gonna chew on these and then
Zoey apart you on the problem right so
whoever did this that spray paint was it
Sharon see this is pretty crazy
nice the detail on the beard I've never
seen anything like this that's badass
it's really really cool was it fun yeah
I wish I could make the noise ha ha ha
that is awesome that's so clever
real-life achievement points Katie wait
foot one on the screen right now it's
already on the screen alright so this is
from Joanne and Milo Oh Milo is a rat
terrier like Marley and
cuz Marley likes a little we call crack
balls a little bought balls that Marty
really likes she got one for Milo and
she did the same thing so I think okay
she got something for Maya though kind
of late is for Marley this is turns over
here she said sorry so he couldn't find
any toys with big eyes thank you so much
I'll be eating all that this is from
Kara okay thanks Omar nice and toys but
this is the coolest thing
she made this its day that's beautiful
the do mean the wings yeah that's
amazing I have not even the first clue
how to do something like that you get
glass and then he stained it thin glass
so a CTFxC r her name is Kimberly bird
she wrote this book and she sent it to
us that's awesome this is where I find
out the CTFxC is more talented than us
yeah I think we found that out a long
time ago actually and congratulations on
having a book published this is from
Megan hat she sent it get well angel a
really funny card that says what do you
call a surgeon who's really cool who
sent a bunch of spiders thanks a lot
Steph I like freaked out every time I
say the word exercise I wash my mouth
that was chocolate that's really good
that chocolate bar it's a no it's a
tissue so this is from Dottie Jean she
sent some photos of her puppy and then
Allie got a nice little necklace a
little bowtie again hey go and do what
you want which is true pretty much you
guys already know that do what you love
or do what you want I feel what I want
to see clearly selective vision from
Julia from Jeremy
I got really excited because she sent us
a milk of art and I was like oh no what
if it's expired it's from so long ago
and I was like oh yeah it's good this is
from cat from cats pick jewelry jewelry
so she made Zoey Marley little dog tags
of my picks they made a bass string
necklace and then we got this other one
where it's like my black necklace I got
guitar pick bracelet and and then B
string bracelet which is awesome are you
ready for the coolest and ever Zegna she
I don't know maybe 's oh but still my
goblets odd pimp cup thinks you maybe
this is the greatest thing ever
from far rule says they know I like
falafels is authentic falafel mix nice
as well as a Starbucks card so that way
I can get some iced coffee decaf of
course this is gonna be good
I want to try this this is from Sarah
she likes to make little pouches out of
vintage like vintage clothing material
that's amazing this is a really
well-made bag look she made that oh my
god that's cross stitching and it's
awesome who's that sonic I'm gonna
pretend you didn't just say that is that
Kirby one of the coolest things I think
I've ever gotten this is we get a little
frame of Mario that's really cute Lisa
and Emma from the Netherlands and her
little sister of two and a half two and
a half years old has been diagnosed with
a brain tumor back in April and had to
have her first operation that same month
and she's doing well but she was just
saying that she wanted she was showing
us the CTFxC videos to see how we're
going through the same situation and she
sent these things and I remember when
her on tour they're called stroopwafel
my god those things are amazing and
they're really good bunch of little toys
for Zoey Marley no just a normal a bear
walk riding a whale or dolphin pretty
amazing just the normal stuff so
hopefully your little sister that's
healthy really soon and we'll keep her
in our thoughts from named Vicky she was
actually at the snowball fight in New
York and she said she had a picture of
me and her on her phone but it fell in
the sink so this is her reenactment art
photo together that was like three years
ago and she sampled her coffee dust she
started a coffee business sweet these
two girls Yvonne and I think it's Shana
maybe Shana hopefully Yvonne Shauna I
don't know if that's right I hope so
they are the ones who sent us the
gorilla ball for Zoey and they said they
love that she loves it so much so they
sent her all different kinds of the same
type of toy she's got shown out she has
a sheep ball and a hippo ball and
another grill I don't know what's in
here yet but they're the ones
responsible for all the Zoey this is
Zoey gorilla bawling oh this is Katie
after Sango did the UH achievement
unlocked she made this this book it's
like one of those stories like what is
it I love um if you give him miss a
muffin or if you give a mouse a cookie
but if you give a puppy a piece if you
give puppy peanut butter and it's with
Zoey Marley and it's so cute what I'm
gonna try to do is I'll try to take
photos and make a PDF and I'll try to
link it on my Twitter so that way you
guys can read it as well cuz it's a
story and then that little treats yeah
this is from begging and Madeline ants
on a log
ah giant hot dog wait nah cuz they make
that no I don't think they made it I
think they made the right
engine but yeah that's pretty badass and
guess where it's gonna go right over
there on the couch with the crystalline
pillow and with that in the background
this is from our good close friends
Jacqueline and Tommy I open it up right
now I had four arms here I'll let you
open it I hope it's going it's been nice
it does which is so Wow that is awesome
that is such a nice gift Jacqueline's
the drummer that if you guys don't
remember the vlogs I don't remember what
day it was on the tour she came out and
played drums on the intro songs and said
haha
Coley she was the blonde girl basically
she's close friends of ours
she actually has drumming covers on her
channel and she's really really good
that's what should look her up
Jacqueline castle right mm-hmm
google it this is from Emily gave us dog
slippers that she wants us to try on the
dogs a bit for the dogs I think you try
to put him on him and she made me a
little bow put on this pearl barley he's
gonna come home and see that and she's
gonna freak out
oh that's a little spooky a chipmunk
that's nicely packaged Courtney Courtney
a PC a preachy from Devon Dakota oh my
god oh my god I'm gonna start crying
what is it
what is it what is it
oh that is awesome
paternity holding time it's adorable
this is really cool it's like so many
this is so cool you crying yep don't cry
I'm happy this is really really cool
thank you
no Manik what CTFxC it was designed
right um Courtney what I'm gonna try to
do is I'll just like the other book I'll
try to make a PDF is this of this as
well that is a door that's awesome so
I'll try to make two PDFs of these books
and put them on our Facebook yeah I put
on Facebook
both of those are law on Facebook
facebook.com sighs what is it internet
killed television
what is our Facebook okay this is the
title is what I put in quotation marks
and on the back it says possibly the
worst book I've ever read and
dramatically father of the title another
CTFxC who wrote a book if I ever meet
and Ramez like I'm going to do something
to his hands that makes it so Andrew
math licks hands can't write anymore
right book then self George Washington
kill this spider or I'm serious or wait
kill this spider I'm serious or I'm
leaving
Abraham Lincoln if you don't pet the
bird's head I'm going to do something
with something else that will make it so
you aren't standing here anymore Abraham
Lincoln's sister's friend so crack shoot
dice Ronald Reagan dubstep is good music
in our favor
haha this is from Cheyenne be this
little CTFxC hey the fine is it like a
banner it's pretty cool
neon and aw that's cool it's like me
though some things it's like made out of
something Jesus Carl Charles Trippy 2014
who sent the arizuka wait don't you even
have one of those at your parents house
my dad has bet he does his embassy and
then s thank you God so the first thing
we have to do is take that over to see
Zoe poor Zoe she's had a rough day
Cassie her dad has a really fancy like
it has a program made of something you
design a effector in Photoshop and you
can send it to the router so instead of
printing it does it onto it that's cool
this is Gabby Orlando who works at
build-a-bear and she's saying even
though she was in her 20s she sees how
happy these make people now everyone
deserves a bear sometimes they can be
your best friend so she made us little
CTFxC babies wearing Chuck's got a box
in a box so did you get there's a box
that's an awesome box that's like from
Tomb Raider or something like that time
to sit down and view clothes couple days
on
want to be if Simpson nice reason why
the Simpsons are yellow was because when
people are flipping through the channels
they wanted something bright to like
catch people's eyes versus like flipping
through the channels and just seeing
regular people color so they decided to
make them yellow a little Simpsons fact
for you so that our tour schedule dozens
oh the show girl went to the baseball
games and stuff yeah happy a play this
is just keep reading come back and it's
a son so we painted this today we got
engaged do we got me right here's a fun
little fact that's actually the first
printed photo from our wedding
yeah we so have not done anything with
our wedding date yet whoops Erin Lee
this is the person who sent a giant
gummy bear they're like a silversmith so
they made this pendant pendant as this
what is it 925 is that a thing was
silver yeah so it's a guitar pick with
the Wi-Fi and then CT and you put this
in a little container and then like so
was there then it becomes like CTFxC is
that cool that's really awesome Ely
detailed he said you wouldn't believe
how long it took to do that yeah I do
that looks crazy Emily from New Zealand
is it yeah everybody from New Zealand
she did this what right what kind of
bird is it if you say it's a fat bird
after the New Zealand fat bird and we
are done
how the heck are you sitting right now
like you'll be kept you're like a
catcher so Elizabeth made a contribution
to the brain tumor foundation of Canada
and I just wanted to show you guys the
letter thought that was really awesome
in all honesty guys you don't need to be
sending we all say it all the time you
guys definitely don't need to send us
anything I mean if you guys want to send
this stuff do like donation is like
Elizabeth that's stuff that's really
cool because it helps other people out
and like I was saying I'm gonna make a
PDF of these
some books that you guys made and I'll
put them on our Facebook which is
facebook.com so probably the last mail
vlog that were able to do
I might have to close our peel box
because I'm gonna be on tour the rest of
the year for a long time
I'm slash internet killed TV make sure
to like that page and then that way you
guys can download a PDF version of these
books so I don't think we'll be able to
do one of these for a very very long
time and I was feel guilty about not
keeping up with it so this will probably
the last mail vlog of the year hopefully
might be able to change it up but I just
want to say thank you thank you thank
you guys so much this was a good one to
go out on thank you guys again this is
the second video of today
go watch the main video today it's at
the end of this video and also go check
out the little stories that are on our
Facebook motivating snowman
I'm not good at this I haven't done this
in a really long time what was the last
time we're in the snow
ma'am ma'am all right now just be
soaking wet on the plane that's cool
