good morning Internet so today we are
getting massages the Robi where is
comfortable yeah of course my camera
like you didn't bring your it alright
who's the better vlogger why the better
it's blue filling mine's blue we've
never done this kind of stuff before we
thought we can I treat you guys know us
for the least fancy people ever I'm
probably on the Internet
snake skin foot people things I'm sorry
ottoman
I just wanna go back to bed now I know
so we're trying to find Jesse and Jeana
right now what that's weird right
look what we found and this is a name
again we're just better she's sucking -
you were sneaking everyone in the two
best nations combined - one giant take
over the world
so I wasn't I so fun random event
videogame event was randomly got invited
- Hank Baskett and his wife Kendra do
you remember from Playboy uh-uh
totally random look fun so Charles has
been trying to convince us of like where
we need to walk to get to Rockefeller
Center and he has no clue where he's
going and then Jesse's like no let's go
to Super Bowl Boulevard and Charles is
like okay let's turn around just as like
it's that way
we should just not let him like bring us
anywhere don't listen to anything it's a
pigeon Wow Times Square my most at least
hair place in New York I love it cuz
it's cool and it's so iconic but you're
just surrounded by so many crazy stupid
people that are just nuts and walking
into everybody wouldn't wanna see my big
woody oh yeah
oh yeah I see your big buddy we're just
wandering around Times Square and we met
Arkin right here this guy and Helen
what's your story well my name is arcane
I was born in Kenaston I speak Russian
language but because of that Charles and
Halle I learned English just for one
year yeah if you use part to learn
English just watch the video watch Super
Bowl Boulevard
it's Times Boulevard wait doesn't make
any sense
Super Bowl times cool what's funny is my
drink is still freezing that's a good
thing about ice ice cold
I like Florida where everything is
melted don't judge us don't judge us I
was talking with Jesse if my phone felt
between those things I'd be like one of
those mothers whose baby I stuck yes got
the babies stuck under the car and she
just lifts the freaking car up I don't
know I was like a six five four
intervention
here's the game plan we need a game plan
we get in the door who wants to get the
food scout out the table situation and
so we'll just stand over some pelops
until most dead boom
get it got it good you gotta see oh we
good for that that's all right for that
good roll their arse and actually
victorious we actually have a seat so
we're just walking around New York City
right now and we're gonna go to the
Jordan shop Joe Jordans store one thing
I like about New York City walking
around is there's a lot of seats random
CTFxC airs and Peavy peeps we just keep
running into Phoebe peeps and that looks
like Seahawks colors cool kid named
Dwight you just watch this way I was
waiting for under he was like he saw G
newzik yo and he's obviously yo been the
one before just happened they saw us and
then they saw Jesse Gina I love coming
to walking around New York and meeting
all you see Jetix ears simply be peeps I
think Jesse's in heaven right now what
do you think he's pretty stoked
jessie is trying to coach Charles
Jordan game this is such a cool store my
Yoda how do I get her young padawan me
the lesson though from a distance you
can see the 23 right but slowly move and
then just looks like a jumbled mess
Jessie literally has the shoe shoe game
is on point if he liked her to name all
the style like she knows like everything
I like Jordans I know you do I can
here's the funny thing as we came for
him to look and now I'm trying on the
Jordan appreciate everyone should joke
right now
the love all the love pvp love I didn't
have a bag to travel home with and she's
like oh I got a million bags really
sweet
Jessie just bought Charles a really nice
pair jordan azox really cool what are
you doing
maybe the tequila fight because we have
three shots of tequila in a row we're
gonna dance I think it's probably a lot
of it Monica's feeling good last night
what are you gettin Tyler I'm so hungry
and I really want a drink
so we're drinking someone's got drinks
and then we have round of shots
party time I like the case
so we were gonna end the night but then
Ali got a fifth wind not a fourth wind a
third a fourth win in their vlog this is
the fifth wind what is the place you're
taking this to out next right uh she's
making Jesse and Jeana drivers there
might get some studio light this is
something we do in our box oh wait I'll
wait - next are this chocolate by the
bald man I need 50 CCS and just
chocolate chips please I think I have to
do awful sandwich the thing I have to
answer marshmallow roasting you dip your
chocolate brownie in the chocolate
well we are now leaving thanks to PvP
over here Jesse and Jeana need to CTFxC
nation thank you for hanging out and
driving us everywhere and have fun at
the game tomorrow hate and wishing to
watch tomorrow's vlog Ezzor vlogs gonna
be freaking epic hey do you not want to
call Sylvester Stallone again get a lot
of sleep tonight Ellie obviously is not
business wasted again alright tomorrow
is the Super Bowl the Super Bowl they my
hair Oh sexy time time to go to bed you
know what I just realized
we didn't do a bed test yet so we do a
bed test tomorrow when everything is
cleaned off my kicks my sweet ass kicks
we're gonna go to bed now because
tomorrow is going to be a super crazy
day is actually I can't believe I'm
saying this we are going to the Super
Bowl the Super Bowl and I want to say
thank you to Pepsi for inviting Ally and
I myself out there and essentially
inviting the CTFxC so I'm gonna go to
bed now and get some rest because I
don't want to be anywhere near tired for
tomorrow don't forget subscribe I hope
you guys enjoyed today's video and we'll
see you guys tomorrow
doodles
to see what you did today
with sexy
vexy
who else with shops in Maine
