come on every freaking day
I could start every single vlog like
this I'm not even kidding this is this
is life in the trippy house
you were such a little sneak don't even
pretend like they're going to get water
I know what you're doing
yep there it is there it is the truth
comes out in the bathroom are you
seriously going this again who's getting
naked in the middle of frickin Tyrol one
little bit
there you go also for those of you guys
a few of you saying that I should not
feed my dog lettuce I don't know how to
say this in a way that doesn't sound
like mean don't be silly it's totally
fine to feed dogs lettuce it's like
almost 100 percent water like iceberg
lettuce is like water and fiber but it's
basically just like them drinking water
and eating fiber of course if you feed
it to them in large amounts just like
any kind of food it would make them ill
but it's really fine to feed them that
dogs can eat spinach and vegetables and
all kinds of things as a matter of fact
they should have real fruits and
vegetables in their diet in small
amounts because that's a way to balance
their nutrition ok ranch over any day
now little dinosaurs there's like come
on or two crossing here these are
endangered guys so you can't touch them
wherever I was saying that the fixed a
quadcopter I needs just like a $10 cable
well I finally came so Dennis is helping
me reinstall it so I could be totally
back and then back in the back of the
frame of flying it's pretty complicated
and yeah I gotta hand it to them that's
something I could really do here's each
motor drive and we're looking for this
shine to skateboard in okay I'll just
have to cut most iam there it is right
there so we're gonna scoop one of my
favorite movies of all time Breakfast at
Tiffany's we're gonna stand outside
Tiffany's and eat chocolate because we
don't have any coffee or eclairs or
breakfast pastry here I'll take that and
this is gonna have to work
except I need to be in like a tiara and
og bunchy down you have to stare
longingly at the jewelry that's kind of
the whole point I just a couple of dudes
doing dude things like get an ice cream
at night yeah just a couple of dudes
I want the sorbet route you can want the
chocolate chocolate chocolate chocolate
would you go banana Shari was confusing
strawberries there we go yeah that one's
probably the best let's go as well yeah
look for some classics guys see any
classics up here do alleys feet stink
dude like galley smelly feet shake all
this so good what a crazy cat hey since
you've been such a good boy
on your chemo we got you a present
penny I got sorbet with the guys nice a
couple of guys is getting so they're
getting sorbet doing guy thing
good god what is this thing well Joey
wants it fall apart
no it's not just slide it out with
carefully dark chocolate on banana and
strawberry
that's probably dick on a stick really
it's a dick on a stick
watching an awesome documentaries like
the odd animal couples show which I was
like oh it's like Marley and cocoa
Marley is like the coyote the lion yeah
I don't know if it's the bad intent so I
feel like dog and cat relationships are
slightly different because neither one
of those is a wild animal
that's a weird
there was one it was a dog and I like a
monkey it would ride on its back and was
so cute and the dog would just prance
around it was so happy but the one I
think is my favorite is the one that is
like the Great Dane and the deer it's
crazy the bar stools are Gundam weapons
we found another broken part Yuki and
Justin are playing make-believe
critics it yes he can I don't have to
buy a third quadcopter no unless you
already did in which case I will throw
you off a balcony about two more well we
got working again no sunset though so
yesterday on America I feel alive was on
American Idol in the background the only
way I figured this out was because of
Twitter so thank you guys are your
brother yellow jokes a joke Ali doesn't
think it's a appropriate what's your
joke out my internet turn that light off
daddy goofball she's like cheese cheese
since we're leaving for New York you
guys got to get a nice shower so when
you're at Laura and Dennis's house you
don't stink up the place you
let's go first you gonna go first good
go go first it's this alley packing the
day before and not the day of oh no I'm
packing tomorrow I'm just getting these
out who wants to put a wager in the
comments on how late will be to the
airplane wait we're not gonna be late
because we can't miss this flight it's
the only place to ball yeah well so I
got a double check on our CTFxC merch
page and make sure the new shirts are
available let's see
yep they're up few people ask you to
forget do these again if they run out of
stock and the short answer is no this is
only gonna be a one-time short stock of
one week so February 9th I believe is
one it's gonna be the end of it so if
you want these go to CTFxC merch calm
I'll click right here on the screen and
go check them out and just maybe I'll
let you fly my quadcopter if I ever meet
you maybe so packing my funky socks got
my underwear trying to get this done now
because says you guys always know I like
the pack before I leave so I can sleep
in as long as I possibly do it I gotta
forget all my fancy stuff that way
there's got my fancy pants my fancy
shirt get it fancy pants how you girls
freaking out cuz all the bags are
getting packed so you're going on tour
daddy's going on tour why you got your
entail you're gonna miss me you gonna
miss me I'm confused as I mean yes
there's any no are you excited I'm
leaving huh ma'am ma'am dude don't Zoey
Zep good girl good girl good girl
you earned it no fine you wouldn't
Marley have a dick club if I Oh perfect
food what there's a trash chute right
over there I see it so mine so for me
all those down around for one more day
good goes in your brain yeah that's
right so are you gonna get down on this
she likes my singing I don't know about
you guys tomorrow we're going to New
York City Super Bowl and this is Round
four okay we get it
your dad is talking okay daddy is using
his big boy words right now give him a
minute good tips it'd be a little bit of
water first a bunch of lunch was a
little bit of water dip water first you
don't taste the pills do that I like a
tiny bit then dump them in your mouth
and then you won't that didn't help
didn't help mmm bad internet bad advice
anything for sure yeah
all right guys we'll see you guys
tomorrow we're going to the Super Bowl
so don't forget to subscribe for Super
Bowl action and we'll see you guys
tomorrow as always definitely don't
forget to like the video for going to
the Super Bowl
okay Internet high-five before we go one
two three
with CTFxC
who else we chopped it me
