this one this is my favorite things oh
he does every morning she goes outside
then when I don't pay attention to her
she comes and hits the door and then I
think she wants to come in she doesn't
watch she's gonna do it see and then I
come over here I'm like oh you want to
come inside gonna come inside you want
nope
just want to watch you want me to watch
you eat this bone or this stick that's
all she's got every morning she never
wants to come inside says once we come
out and observe her eating this thing I
went to BMW just five seconds ago to try
to get this fixed let me just show you
what's happening cuz Florida heat this
is kind of peeling out a little bit and
let's play a little game how much do you
think BMW is going to charge me just to
fix something stupid like that
if you guessed 100 you are wrong 200
still wrong 400 getting close $500 so I
can't make it really any much worse so I
went and got some heavy-duty gorilla
glue and some clamps I think they're
called C clamps right and then I'm gonna
put it around here and see if I can DIY
this whole thing cuz if I can I am
awesome okay so I put one here up on
here and I'll put one here I think I can
do this alright first you need to lather
you up with oh my gosh you can't drive
this car for a while man it is smelly
then we gotta be one of these guys and I
think I just super glued my fingers
together oh these Charles try to fix
things welcome to another episode the
rather distinct peel completely off and
pay 500 frickin dollars and that's
ridiculous right I actually think this
might work the only problem is I don't
know how long it's gonna last in the
Florida heat obviously can't close it
this is what I did I put three clamps on
here I might go get some more and
clamping the gorilla glue down and
theory this should work again this is
just my theory
fingers crossed where you guys think
it's gonna work any mechanics or body
shop people am i doing anything wrong
I'm sure I'm doing something wrong what
could I do to fix this situation
so
always wanted to do this where I saw
over YouTube where you take an egg the
car boiled egg and you have to be
hard-boiled otherwise some invest and
then you blow and it just shoots out you
telling get a little bit of it out never
seen this before no not I mean I'm not
really looking up egg blowing on the
internet often are you looking back
blowing is there something I should be
worried about I saw Danny do this once a
Skype Club
and I remember everyone looking at him
so funny but that's good
so do you are you supposed to do it that
way yep trust me I'm an expert he's an
expert I'm an egg-cellent expert expert
okay and then you get all this sighs I
mean it feels like it's more complicated
but it's okay you could just push that
with your finger like go bevit peel that
egg I've no idea this isn't work
your face is priceless well guys that's
how you probably don't do it but it was
so many awful jokes I could say right
now was this extravagant not at all
it was extremely anti-climatic know
you're gonna eat it I guess do you guys
wanna go for a walk
anyone go for a walk don't wait we're at
60 frames I guess what's your back looks
weird what do you guys like do you like
60 frames it's like nice and smooth and
fluid but it kind of looks like a soap
opera but it looks so nice
as far as fluidic is that a word
fluidity like if something really crazy
happens it looks like really smooth or
do you guys like 24 this is 24 see how
it's a little delayed but it's more
quote-unquote cinematic I don't know
I'll let you guys decide 60 or 20 for
what Steven try 30 try 30 real quick
okay so this is 30 what do you guys
think 60 24 or 30 it's up to you guys
tell me in the comments I have a favor
but I'm not gonna tell you what it is
but for right now I'm just gonna keep it
at 24 until we come to a decision when I
see the grass this is what we rescued
you from Dan his cat got big she's not
kidding she's becoming a cat I know I
said we gonna go for a walk and we're
going to okay she's still confused
kitty you're on Marley's domain now we
should probably not let you get used to
this too much otherwise you're gonna run
out that door I'd never come back and go
be a Will Ferrell cat again
she keeps finding bugs just to show
prospective everyone see how tall that
grass is that's just to give you a
perspective on how short she pissed and
drunk apparently she's I'm taller than
piece of grass just a little bit I guess
best friend squad hanging out with all
my best friends that look like really
mom eventually that'll be read in the
middle of all no it's so cute
alright let's go we got things to do
look at that bada-bing bada-boom it's
not perfect but you know it's better
than spending $500 I fixed a couple
pieces yeah
did you get that burglar I don't know
maybe it was the most awful but never
done is it like I feel like my lips made
that bad motion to be like okay let's do
a beautiful face again
look either like he burps or you pooped
yourself no that's more like this
internet knows way too much about me
guess what we're doing still piling up
on Halloween stuff as if I did the last
like years you know like you didn't have
enough it's fun I like to it's more fun
this way
don't you feel this way what are you
going Oh Good Samaritan okay I want to
get this that'd be pretty sweet Cup
would be pretty sweet
what is that I think you make that into
a freaking cat bad baby so funny
or Marley bed got to get those flights
in bed burn those calories you know what
no you want to look are losing check it
out
4:03 mother Lika no see I see you at 376
son well mathematically no I had more
numbers than you for seven alright so
he's got a run around this place I'll
meet up with you in a second he's
beating you got five this thing is
totally bringing out the worst in
everybody right now all the trash
talking and passive-aggressive just
comment I love it so fun if I just do
this I probably will beat you
no stop it celer ometer get that
accelerometer going no no this is I'm
actually exercising get out of here just
exercise yes thanks I think
oh no I'm tired yeah how would this
octopus
I was the exercise that's actually not
because I was legit exercising
technically not least I'm not like
Melissa if she goes like that
this is this is the one that's
questionable
yeah Melissa's the questionable one all
right what do you at no but seriously I
want to know I want to see if it worked
I want to see if I worked giving you
actually know what I can do here all
right here for 23 so this isn't my 408
I'm not the same thing for 23 okay some
way days not over yet bad oh I had one
of these you have a policeman your kid
what we have to do is intake do our
upper goal to like 2,000 or a thousand
so we can have Halloween candy again oh
my gosh oh my god we can carve pumpkins
again
oh my god a power saw I'm gonna get you
this one or it's just a regular one
manual and then I'm gonna get a power
saw one okay so everything's real photos
real photos real photos kids and young
adults whatever II want to say and then
you go over to this one like a kid all
right and this one just weirds me out I
was just looking at I can't tell if it's
real fake what do you guys think is that
a CGI person or is that a real person
we're trying to find some gifts for
Ali's he's 1 right 1 year old nephew and
I'm just looking at these kid toys and
I'm realizing how dangerous our kid toys
were like for example this is part of
their version of a Tonka truck see how
plasticky and round everything is and if
you've never had a Tonka truck they were
just sheets of metal and like the kids
probably cut their fingers off well
we're still here we survived borse
you're probably going to see us going to
a lot of these for the next couple weeks
until Halloween possibly after Halloween
- that's cool oh it's the same place
maybe this one will actually work
what that is cool
oh it's ruined the fun though ruining
the fun but it's not really levitating
see Davis magic it's just it's just uh
whatever those things scissor lifts or
whatever so I could put you in it
actually I wouldn't even fit you
nice evil nice evil if you got this I
would set it afire I would just set it
ablaze no no just something really
stupid we just have you actually dressed
like that
can't tell she likes it or she's super
interested the way she runs still cracks
me up we're gonna end the night with
Rica possibly annoying the crap out of
Zoey and Zoey being extremely patient in
Marly and I Karen at all so I will see
you guys tomorrow as always have a great
night or day I always forget to ask
actually what she does you know what
question today we haven't done that in a
while question of the day for today when
do you watch these videos the morning
the night like when you wake up before
school in the afternoon at work or at
night when you go to bed so that way I
know how to address it cuz every time I
say goodnight because it's I you know
what I don't oh is that her there she is
was she still there okay that means
she's gonna pounce on me and attack me
later where is she it's actually kind of
terrifying I'm realizing having a cat is
terrifying because you never know when
they're gonna attack you see you guys
