good morning or afternoon whatever
you're watching this or evening we're
never you're watching this video hello
my name is Charles somebody sent this
cool little recipe for carrot fries
basically pause it right there you can
uh if you guys want to make them alright
so put all your stuff in there so you
can shake it around shake shake shake
shake shake shake shake your care is all
right wish me luck
good luck little carrots so I don't know
if smoke is the proper thing it look
like they're cooking right I think it's
just the olive oil cooking off if you
see smoke it's probably normal but I
can't I can't exactly promise it I just
yellow force girlfriend and it's raining
a little bit and they just stopped right
there like no you we're not doing it
try one of these preferably not burned
not bad
then healthy the only thing is got to
figure out how not to burn them be the
Kings and the top 100 of billboard or as
we the Kings 44 top 100 of billboard
without a label
yeah with second time sailor the other
192 on billboard guys are freaking
amazing kisser
this is unbelievable a lot of bands with
labels and lots of money can't even get
that and you guys helped it happen just
being awesome on the Internet what about
this house so that's the best it's like
my arms and fries
this was cool this is cool
gotta get that vest as you guys can see
I'm obviously not prepared for New York
City at all I keep saying that we go to
New York City but that's where we're
staying the actual Superbowl is
obviously in New Jersey and a friends of
templeman's sent us this little photo I
have to show you guys this is
mind-boggling this is how many stadiums
at MetLife Stadium it would take to get
all you see tf-x years in one place that
would take roughly fifteen point eight
Super Bowl stadiums put every CTFxC year
in a stadium that blows my mind right
there man that is not my butt crack
excuse me ma'am this is a classic that's
all these he pulled him up to a hide now
let you know sir to you I did your penis
is fine okay your penis is fine she's
get that one bill belt buckle I should
get the Leonard Skynyrd one that Dennis
has no you give it to under office steel
400 now I have to steal from Hunter then
how about this one
that's totally screams me
I'm waiting for Charles we are back in
the sitting room trying on we're at
house loo for the cold weather come in
what put some pants on
so Charles is currently trying out a
pair of g-star Rob pants they're like
curved like like a what do you call that
like a cap like a cowboy like bowlegged
classy I think they're cool okay man let
me see have you ever seen Charles and a
collared shirt except for on our wedding
day
I don't think I have all right
no no no no no no no no no put your
pants on Charles okay this is what I'm
dealing with
never want supposed bands on or keep his
pants on as you're saying keep your
pants on I love it I think it's fun dude
I think it's fun to go out of your
comfort zone but he said no I don't know
I think it's cool put it on the internet
it's definitely weird cool so Ali's
making me dress like a man now
American man I've never really gotten
classy stuff I've always gotten just
like punk rock you know fan t-shirts and
stuff like that so it's kind of it's
kind of nice to get outside a little box
it's nice we were talking about how it's
nice that he became successful without
ever having to like wear a suit or dress
to please somebody else so I was like
this is the perfect time to do that
because now no one's telling you to do
it and you don't have to do it I'll give
the dudes because I want to rebel we're
in that place Isaac no Asia look our
company his name my translates roughly
what Davis said tell me in the comments
we're tribune a return has totally used
to refer to the political leaders and
statesmen who participated in the
American Revolution was point by the
Warren G party his keynote address 2013
16 Republican National Convention hi mo
so every time somebody and I like a
public place goes the bathroom just
walks out without washing their hands I
always want to go out behind them and
just tell everyone in the restaurant and
just totally shame them publicly
this dude even washes hands right there
hate that so gross so you know I always
says I've been snoring lately which I
didn't believe so I'll you've been
filming it and I have a little surprise
this is what she did to me literally
this morning and she's very proud of it
I do I have some it goes like this today
right
ah
I was dying when I when I laughed and I
I took the recording away he moved for a
second and I was like I just recorded
you snoring and he's like what like you
were snoring so loud and I plugged your
nose
and it made you like caught or like
choke for a second and I played it for
you and you're like this what time was
it I think that was like 4:00 in the
morning I never sleep because you're so
loud and you snore oh we should put that
on the trippy Channel just that audio
you saw all the time the internet help
me how do I stop snoring cuz I never
snored before I don't like the fact this
is the first time I would be wearing
non-congress wait are you popping like a
rap pop in my collar
so you can put the sweater on dingus I
was just gonna say we might have to have
a conversation scuse me I'm insulted
that you think I'm the kind of person
that would allow you to leave this house
with your call or anything but fold it
the way it's supposed to be look at this
fancy man give us a twirl you look so
adorable objectified no you look great
high five feels like you're ready for a
party I like it it's warm it's cool
though it's not it's like I'm dressed
nice but I'm not like a friggin like I
don't care that much
another outfit car oh my god sure
seriously you know fart priorities right
yeah can I get your number what day well
how do you even pick up girls I haven't
been single in years I don't even know
wouldn't even know how to pick up a girl
okay we're gonna leave that question
unanswered open open-ended what oh shut
up I found it
what's happening I was buying something
not telling me something I'm not hurting
you we're struggling so we just went
from like the hottest that we've ever
seen Charles to this what's wrong with
this I don't know grandpa voice what is
wrong with that oh my god please tell me
you're gonna wear flip-flops with that
probably oh my this is not happening so
we're going on night three of the
chemotherapy knock on wood
still nothing no bad side effects I
wanted to let you guys know that we are
going to do the raffle quadcopter shirts
a limited one-week run in four different
colors so it'll start over to the 31st
of January the day we leave right we're
gonna do one week of these only because
you guys were asking nicely and I
thought it'd be kind of cool and what
the hell we got to do what the CTFxC
wants and on top of that it was actually
designed like CTFxC here so I thought
that was really cool it's kind of cool
to have a CTFxC er designer shirt worn
by CTFxC area so I just want to let you
guys know that we'll start this Friday
four different colors on my Instagram or
our Facebook group and you see the four
different colors but we're gonna go to
bed hope you guys had a great night and
you like my snazzy little outfits even
the ones that will go to bed in I'll see
you guys tomorrow always
with CTFxC
- else with
