then I'm going to punch you in the face
there's like really sexy my number one
pet peeve is talking with a mouthful
no it's so hard it's like this will
enjoy my food I'm enjoying my food just
stop just swallow sorry farted on my
face before gross that's gross to the
sound farting is like a squeak noise
it's funny and it smells and it's poop
internet really vaporized poop out your
anus but what's funny about popping with
mouth full there's nothing funny about
it it's just gross so Lauren and I was
driving around and we just saw an
alligator so you know what you do when
you're in Florida you see an alligator
yo check it out look at that alligator
look at that alligator guys that happens
so sometimes two pipes actually look
like alligators yesterday I look like an
alligator to me damn it that would've
been so cool am I getting the bushy
eyebrows now see they're not that crazy
pussy eyebrows so he's got crazy
eyebrows so he's got what I call the
Brooke Shields eyebrows
what are you doing those I'm training
most of all why am i letting you do this
caterpillars you got the Eugene Levy
eyebrows they gotta learn how to like
make them go like can you make yours go
up gonna make that one go up and then
make that one go up like flow them
together yeah exactly yeah yeah yeah
caterpillars this isn't me trying to do
it wiped it and now you had it like
right here and she smelled it and sucked
it in disappeared enough Zoe Zoe sucked
in your eye goopy when Lauren and I went
to get the mail there was a dog and a
mom waiting for the kids at the end of
the school bus school bus stop and maybe
think about when I was little my old dog
Alex would always go to the end of the
street and she would literally just wait
for she lay down on the street and wait
for it Melissa and I and then when we
got off the bus she'd be all sticks at
it and then we walked home together just
we have that nice little Superbowl trip
coming up we have to go into our
traditional gift little for the Meijer
oh I shave with rocks I'm all of the
ultimate man rocks and twigs I need to
get a new tour toothbrush a tour
toothbrush a giant Crayola one Internet
stop what you're doing right now my wife
has an important question to ask you
play toilet paper that's after your butt
hole stop what you're doing is this very
critical crucial information I mean I
mean like I don't really I don't care
about it being like ello I just get like
the basic one but I'm a man I use rocks
nice I don't know these rocks and twigs
this and trail of China it was really
hard all right
it's hard so like you're not supposed to
try to reach for things with your hand
and flat it should be because your
shoulder is made to raise the most with
your hands they're supposed to go like
this like this bad dad so when you go to
reach for something like on the top
shelf
don't go like and grab it like go like
this and get it with two
interesting that's weird it's like a
like a little kid like grabbing
something like the cookie jar I mean
yeah that's like the best life lesson
buttholes softness well zombies don't
they don't have pain okay
zombies are dead so gonna see we have
some pants here because we were failed
at the surf shop leave it to me to have
more difficulty finding pants than Ali
you know that whole myth or girls
shopping and stuff like that it's harder
the shop for me Ali how long does it
take to find pants for me an eternity
how long does it take to find pants for
you see I feel like this is like
something Zac aware look at all this
stuff
you know our sound guy Zac which by the
way he's coming back on the next tour
it's a Josiah and Zac thing cute little
bomb really good if I could touch your
body oh boy I like that too all nice
does all Professor elbow patches too I
could do it I can dig this one that was
really nice hex bag it was a little
twirl - hi Venus he goes I don't like it
when you pull my pants up like Victor
six people I was like well that's why
that's funny that's why I wear my pants
lower real men wear salmon say so salmon
I think it's really cute on you
why it's the doors walls all right I got
a little nips going on right there
matching butts matching butts matching
butts internet whose butt is better
shake your bat a little more so they can
see it they're gonna do that
so it looks like Ali's pretty happy I'm
very happy because we actually found you
soon Michael is a fit and they are I'm
feel there's so much boggling like
pretty much half off I pretty much just
I'm digging Mike I just like my $5 H&M
cut off some tour I like this too but
you have to have like pants there are
real pants that don't have holes in the
crotch for a 30 degree weather what's
going on the camera I didn't do that I
did not drop it son of a bitch looks
like I think this is like a common thing
I did not break it Marly you did this
you did this you say I'll take I'll take
fall if I got out of the sandwich so
we're gonna see if we can fix this
but thank God we have that warranty
remember how the other day I was saying
if it's broke bring it to dentist do it
again
we should make Dennis a website where
people to send them stuff any fixes for
a fee a nominal fee and always looking
at this cheesy movie like Marley would
be all right I'm pretty sure everyone
would be looking at these are staying
here these are not coming to our house
check it out
I think Dennis fixed it do you know
holy crap
Dennis is basically MacGyver and
macGruber all in one package
so you wanted then what that he's greedy
he's want everything don't you you just
cover me please I don't know if you guys
saw this where's Ali as a kid in there's
Ali now there's me as a kid in me now
forever get guys a CTFxC R made a shirt
idea and I want to show you guys to see
if you guys wanted us to do like a
limited run of this so you know the
roflcopter shirt that we have they made
this so basically it's an updated
version of the roflcopter and we were
thinking about doing maybe our limited
one-time run of this as a t-shirt
basically leave it up to you guys so if
we should update the roflcopter shirt
this design on a t-shirt
one-time print for you guys let me know
in the comments and I'll let you guys
make the decision
Marley your best buddy came over really
quiet you would die
what are you doing tonight there sees
not so scary
just growling a little bit quiet pretty
quiet
alright guys so that's it for today's
video we are gonna get some rest I'm
gonna try to sleep I didn't sleep like
at all but I'm real excited so we got a
ton of clothes for Charmander today joke
you look so handsome
matching butts now we do have matching
but how cute is that
see what you did
right
taxi
else with
