No
so predictable Marley do something else
yeah you're not even looking at me
you're just looking at where the food is
are you serious
Marley as you can see by Marlies now on
the leash because you can see that bird
and that one right there
Oh God get the leash doesn't matter do
you just pull the leash wither Ella
because Zoey barked get some trailing
you dude dude if you peed on that we
were so angry usually that bothers you
you don't do that
come on get a moment in it I am on my
way gee my very first official physical
therapy appointment and I thought I was
nervous last time but I'm really
actually nervous this time because I
know there are B on purpose I mean not
really that sounds terrible they're not
gonna hurt me on purpose they're gonna
do things to try to help me but in the
process it is going to cause me some
intense pain
on purpose wish me luck and hopefully I
won't be recording my clip coming home
about with tears my eyes it's not gonna
be that bad I'm being dramatic it's
gonna be fine but I am for real nervous
those of you silly people asking is
always hypoallergenic all I gotta say is
look at that that should be your answer
what are you doing come on Marley I just
got all that off of her what are you
doing doing sitting on her head okay so
I just finished my first session of
therapy they made me do a lot of like
really intense stuff with like little
muscles not excruciating but the girls
like are you okay I'm like yeah I'm fine
then she did a lot of like she called
them joint moves like mobility like hell
I don't know people that are physical
therapists you know what I'm saying she
did these things where she would like
stretch out my shoulder socket basically
by like pushing and moving it around in
weird ways it felt bizarre but I already
feel better it's actually you know
feeling good right now I think it's
gonna help a lot actually I'm hopeful
because when I first you know when my
doctor told me to go to physical therapy
I kind of thought like well this feels
stupid I'm totally fine like I don't
want to waste people time and this seems
silly and it seems like you know just
over-the-top it seems excessive
basically for what's happening to me but
honestly I feel like a new person
already so I'm kind of actually glad
that I'm doing this kitchen is so fat
she had some dreadlocks going so they
had to shave the shave that poor little
fatty so she just wants more food down
don't make fun try to brush her in she
gets
Kate yeah there's some exercise for
today the one exercise is heard getting
food
I think Marley's got a homing LA she's
on a gyroscope on food yeah but I can't
look at that she's got a Steadicam
Steadicam barking her head hello I'm
trying to see where what whoa stop it oh
my god we have not had a car dance
Friday my ages we sue that are the daily
daily
we're gonna go replace my holey jeans
cuz Ramona in New York in a couple days
can we tell him I didn't you tell her
you want to tell him you tell him
super all we are going to the Super Bowl
it'll be cold redonkulous and awesome
I'm excited I'm the most excited for for
halftime honestly you guys my proxy are
going to which is even cooler it's gonna
be ridiculous with all the crappy things
that have happened over the last couple
months this is definitely something fun
that we get to do and I'm really excited
well we've been waiting a long time to
tell you guys but I feel like guys was
the most perfect time to tell you a
detailed close-up of Marley's little
nose she's got no buggers cause
firecracker by strung-out thank you to
who found this for me Darcy Darcy M when
we were on tour with a simple plan the
basis from simple plan and I basically
connected on that song we both were
playing it together
that was the point of that there's a
helicopter over there and I totally want
to fly my quadcopter up to their front
window and say hi to them but that'd be
illegal it's a friendly hello
oh my helicopter can go that high
nothing special
does anyone actually know the lyrics to
Forever Young other than Forever Young
any of Rod Stewart's lyrics ever it's
like as bad as Pearl Jam there's a lyric
I know
ever before
yeah we are starting around five of the
chemotherapy
I think it's day five you round five
round four or five I can't remember one
two three cuz you were in Australia for
one Internet is this round four or five
so this week I'll be on chemotherapy
and the day we leave for the New York
City and the Superbowl is the last day
on it so that's good news so Coco ran
out the door
of the back door and Marlene Zoey was
doing their business and then Zoey
stopped her and then Marley helped stop
her - and she's a sitting here because
you know she did bad this is kind of
what happened I love you Marty why'd you
sell me out
so I guess mother just does not get
along with dogs whose gets along with
little cute cats it's actually happening
there Marley just smacker they gonna get
it got whacked on the head a couple of
times there why did that came out of my
face where's this TMZ
but I was scratching Zoey today I
noticed something paint tail paint to
dip your tail and paint the weirdo even
close to even beating yellows record hey
move aside move aside baby I'll do it
I'll do it right now
I doubt it if I do a wall giving point
nine million it's cuz I'm sitting down
did you lose it internal Internet in the
comments right now tell me your
favourite character of The Simpsons
I like grandpa it's important to note
that had an onion tied to my belt
because that was a style the time so
here goes round four of the poison in a
bag kill it it's but killing tumors have
butts that have to have ends right oh
those just circles right just like I saw
the worst part is that it tastes like
poison don't leave it in your mouth for
a long time go go go go go yeah alright
guys well it's time to go to bed well he
might be playing good ball night
you guys are brand new to the videos
don't forget to click
little subscribe button so you can watch
us every single day and you watch you
guys every single day in the comments
and we'll see you guys tomorrow as
always have a great night
see what you did
with
with
next
they'll switch
