Liu Kang bicycle kick bicycle kick it's
pretty good bicycle kick there Zoe
okay little DEMA dog down there well
bicycle kick damn good morning we check
your lipstick oh no it's it what do you
think Internet how beautiful is that
like that give me a pic kissy face pouty
face oh I think I just got it oh my nose
give me a pouty face oh you did that one
already
what give me a bottle pouty face that
means it looks like you're sad you look
a model like this what do they do they
do like like duck face so I was flying
my helicopter and I don't know what the
fuck happened it literally just turned
over upside down and fell out of the sky
and the ironic part is now I don't know
where my GPS unit
I can't lost the GPS unit that's the
irony of this situation right now let's
just stop and appreciate the irony right
now guys see how a kid that son of a
bitch is my walking away
no I'm walking away get closer so this
should be right around here any minute
this should be right around here oh my
god there it is holy crap this thing
worked so I got to do a little
corrective surgery now why would they
even have a feature that would just have
it fall out of the sky doesn't make any
effing sense good news is found this I
found everything else and the good news
is that these little shock absorbers
help a lot good news is the lens is fine
I was being so effing careful with this
thing I was doing so well with it so
what do you think something's broken
just bring it to Dennis no cheese you
should start just charging us so
everything was fine except a stupid
cable there's probably like a five cent
cable to Olli but the problem is then
you got a
while in the circuitry they keep
sneezing all day today barley it's an
either hot pocket guy why would they let
him write a book he doesn't even seem
like he's ready
so you remember a couple months ago when
we were doing a lot of back and forth
for the doctor's appointments
audible.com sponsored a couple videos
back then and they wanted the sponsor a
couple more and give away a bunch of our
books to you guys so if you go to
audible.com CTFxC you can get a free
audio book last time when we're doing a
lot of traveling we did the jon stewart
america book yay books and now I'm
listening to Jim Gaffigan dad is fat so
if you want to get that dad is fat it's
awesome and actually really makes like
long trips so we're clear and if we're
just like doing anything like I'm gonna
paint the house and you can just listen
to it and it's like you're writing and
doing other crap at the same time you
feel a little bit more intellectual yes
because there's chimney waiting so wanna
say thank you to audible.com for
sponsoring the video and giving the
CTFxC a free audio book so if you guys
want to get it go to audible.com set
CTFxC I highly recommend America by John
Stewart or dad is fat by Jim Gaffigan
and then your mom catches you and she's
like what are you doing you watching
those stupid YouTube videos be like no
mom I'm actually reading with my ear
balls back the painting I forgot to tell
you did you know audible has John Green
books to know yeah as Looking for Alaska
so I always going back to painting she
gets smart this time use the little
things for you're not up on a tiny
little ladder that's what you sound like
dude
like an 8 year old woman not like an
eight-year-old man trying to get some
food
that was quieter come on break dance
down girl win till the wind just got
knocked out of you
excuse me ma'am there's paint on the
ceiling are you helping other pressure
right Zoe under pressure do you new
ninja to Danny Danny Angela native mom's
different cusco's nee nee nee nee nee
nee nee nee nee mean he's totally
idiotic
eautiful button dude what time is it
you have eight minutes Marley's internal
clock is like dead on though
do those eyes the white in their eyes
it's like no the the rare Marley kiss
figure favorite game though we didn't do
anything
you lost Marlee she got you get a cos
all boat in an island I don't know if
this is like Grand Theft Auto we're like
you beat the game at 50%
cuz I'm great now about 31% now is this
the amount of hours I played this game
cuz if it is this is sad I'm only at 31%
Charles sucks at video games I want to
hang this thing so bad but I'm afraid of
breaking it but we do this 30 minutes a
day every single day now there Ally's
editing the while the video is exporting
my feet like her legs there's like this
you know like under like they down like
either like a goose down yeah watch this
they kiss off his hair nursing my way
thanks so soft
oh so it's so we down make a pillow out
of that it's like the softest hair it's
only here Internet I'm trying to
remember a song by strung-out that kind
of goes like then in it and then then
then and then and then and then and then
then did he do it faster for me do
something like that man a manly keep
doing that exactly how it goes through
internet what song is that by strung-out
I thought they'd have to listen to me
then and then and then and then and then
and then and then and then and then
ended oh my god it's a strikeout song
please help me out I can't remember what
it's called no that's not what it is
just a Hanson Bob we didn't know you
liked Hanson mmm ba dee da ba doo ba doo
ba doo ba doo ba doo da pie dude dude
hey yeah yeah crane freaked us
Mmmbop do stop by do Bob yeah I do
but I do yeah yeah I just keep saying it
wrong oh yeah yeah mmm
clapping zip it up I do I do your
version the pooping version in plop
pally managed to pull me away from the
video games so we can actually go out
tonight and have a nice dinner uh-huh
ooh I made myself sick on paint games
awesome awesome awesome to the man
amazing you know high roll man in club
soda deliciousness homemade soda I did
some reading apparently what happened is
a switch turned into manual mode
basically in short GPS mode what it does
it goes like this and hold this place in
space because of GPS and all the
satellites attitude mode goes like this
and levels out and just keeps going and
then manual mode goes like this
and you got to keep it going otherwise
it goes upside down which I guess is
what happened and I didn't know that
luckily a ten-dollar cables the only
thing that I need to switch out once
again technicality still not my fault
in there oh she's that nose is so funny
I'm so happy your pink noses back dude
quit knocking my head off please cookie
so I just took proud of - funniest
photos of Marley in a long time and made
it into a nice little meme I put on my
Instagram but I just want to show you
guys not to cookie do you said there
would be cookies so I'm gonna watch a
classic movie right now I don't know if
you guys have ever seen it's called
wargames it's super cheesy this is just
what I'm going to show you right now
it's one of those hacker movies from the
80s so it's like a hacker movie before
CGI just even existed but first we wait
for Zoey and Marley to go poo
but that Internet
oh well I'll see you guys tomorrow hope
you guys enjoyed today's video if you
guys are brand new don't forget to
subscribe and we'll see you guys
tomorrow as always
to see what you did sense
taxi
who else with me
