then just goes away
good morning barley even your lettuce
you daily leaves everyone's eating
lettuce okay we do some lettuce there's
like I don't know if I like this so I'm
gonna take this over here and place it
in my bed so I can test it out later
there's only such a hoarder how far
would that beat the hoarder TV show Cubs
does Zoey's bed and then find like
little toys from the 40s what school
friend came out someone's going they
loved that little guy they do like this
hunting thing where they split wigs
it's pretty smart actually you know they
would know what to do a squirrel friend
came and said hi
they probably woo woo alright so today's
the day actually gonna test out the new
helicopter with the GPS Union all that
fun stuff
got my little road case yeah my leashes
for my little bitches girls you want to
go to the leaf you go to the leash
that's what I go to leave I go to the
field we're gonna try to do that
swooping shot now now that I can
actually see it on my phone to it shirt
I'm wearing where the roflcopter shirt
guys what are you doing down there what
are you doing
we've been in this car in a while a
couch car couch car where we used to
take trips to Tallahassee you're
destroying the floor this is day two of
Marley being acute asshole an asshole
nonetheless but she's being adorable at
it
you can use your head stuck under there
Marley's rocking in the front what do
you say on the back great you see the
bird back most a mechanic also it's not
fair to Delhi she's a little bummed out
they call that's up there what are we
going to figure it out where we going we
just realized Marley has asthma just
push that now yeah is it really this is
Marley's asthma voice plant B because
there's a soccer game going and we don't
want to be out there so Charles is in
the process of figuring out I got the
GPS on those step one that's good barley
lost privilege Marley lost all off leash
privileges though he's fine Marley he is
not so got her I got me a Marlin it is
first plate wait you see what the Mike
it's doing okay that is too cool so you
got a monitor on your I could take
photos on it ready and they could
maneuver it down oh you can turn the
angle of the camera boys up there yeah
that's awesome
there we go wow that's cool
the contrary and we could hear it but we
didn't know where it was I'll show you
where it is no freakin way it's
somewhere coming home straight up to her
lost signal it's coming home
nah-ah it's gonna land itself is it
gonna land on us it's coming home I lost
signal at 800 feet you girls hanging out
you just so cute I told Marla to go sit
by her sister cause she was being bad
and she totally did you love you sissy
okay was only hello miss miss me and you
love a stick that's what you're all
about oh my god it's like a nuclear like
ha ha it's coming it's gonna land right
on us what's the battery at 18 percent
drop 18 percent in dropping folks all
right so it's landing itself let's see
how accurately it lands I bet it'll land
right where it started it totally is
Charles proof what's it doing
this is amazing
41 that's 40 feet this is surreal this
Charles is not controlling this it's
doing this by itself that is the coolish
I've ever seen
that was amazing that was really amazing
high five good job high five that
after a crucial day of not crashing my
helicopter I reward myself with some
pizza not Marley pizza my pizza I didn't
crash my helicopter I didn't lose it or
crash it actually I manually landed
three times
and it took some awesome photos so we
get your best toy ever she's like a
little kid best toy ever best movie ever
you guys tell me what movie this is just
by that little snippet she's playing
with his cardboard Justin gave her some
cardboard don't want that piece mother's
like I want that piece so Ali's got the
painting bug so she's gonna paint this
little hidden area in our room why would
they do this color it's pretty gross hey
30 done I just feel like warmer this is
over what do you think guys it's a
really neutral color Plus this color
will make all of these colors look
brighter it's true yeah I mean like use
my grilling tongs come on I gotta got me
a stick or setting Zowie to get you a
stick so this is where we have live then
the wild child and his natural habitat
applying assistants created a little
boss
well he's making all kinds of nasty
ramblings that I can't understand
I don't speak Charles YG's little tiny
little boats they think they can beat my
heart it's just
mystifying its creature it's amazing
what we can learn from them if we just
watch them in their natural environment
he's been like literally playing this
game for about four and a half hours now
I'm going to get drinks with friends I
have asked him three times now if he
wants to go and every single time he's
answered me by going so that's a no
so I guess he's just gonna keep on
playing for another four and a half
hours nobody told me with this game that
the key is that you gotta save your
cloth and your metal and your wood don't
sell it you I just want to see what
Marley would do if she had if you had
thumbs
she was look at squirrels on the
internet all day Internet you decide
they're being super cute or be they're
lazy and they just want the blanket well
now that I got that stupid pirate thing
taken care of I should start practicing
the new songs for those who don't know
we're actually going on tour in March if
you guys didn't know and haven't checked
out the tour dates just go to we the
Kings music calm / tour I'll put a link
down there and you can check out the
tour tour dates to see if we're coming
there but yeah this will be my first
tour back since the second surgery so
naturally I'm nervous but really really
excited especially because we're playing
some of the new songs am i yelling I can
never tell I'm richer to check out the
tour dates we the Kings music calm /
tour and I hope to see a lot of CT epic
series out there I got completely
distracted by that game this is honestly
why they never play video games I can
never pull myself either I'm completely
sucked in till I completely beat the
game or I just don't play it at all
alright guys well I want to kind of rest
right now finish watching this movie
just hanging out with the girls because
I was too in to in touch with that video
game you didn't want to stop playing
alright girls say goodnight
if you guys are brand new to the videos
don't forget to subscribe and we'll see
you guys tomorrow as always never
getting that Turtles scoot over scoot
over
everyone needs good overshare
- else with me
