and now for Marley's OOTD hashtag OOTD
and zoe you're still dressed like a
cartoon still got no clothes on
Ashley Marley's dressed like a cartoon
she's got no pants on we should start
making this a thing Marley's OOTD you
and her both can do it
excuse me ma'am is this a new thing you
know where the Bell is that's that's
that's accidental BAM bell so remember
when I told you I bought a new body for
the phantom unfortunately I never got a
chance to use it so I'm just gonna send
it back now rest in peace little phantom
you showed off some brilliant photos and
videos too bad your owners flash pilot
was a peon so I got another one didn't
tell Ali about this one shh don't tell
how the Internet I'm sorry I knew I hear
that what I figured I can use the
phantom to try to find the other phantom
it's logic ready to open this Zoe yeah
you excited oh it came with a free
battery - see the thing is this is how
he justified it guys that is a business
expense because you guys enjoyed it so
much
granted I'm not I'm not blaming anyone
else I was an idiot I just didn't I
guess I didn't set it up right a lot of
people in have video the rest in peace'
video we're actually honestly bummed too
because they actually liked the aerial
footage so that's how I justify doing
this it's definitely an investment but
as long as you guys like it it's worth
it to me you've got to admit though
there was some good huh she says if I
can do this without laughing don't stop
don't stop get it get it don't stop get
it get it
what song is that what song is that it's
a banana
the old lady oh my god I am NOT an old
lady you cannot call me what some
granola what some fiber one I have trail
mix here's the lesson I also learned
they have GPS units for these things so
if you actually do lose them you can
trace them on your phone so I will not
be flying this baby until the GPS unit
comes I think it's gonna be tomorrow I'm
not gonna be stupid this time I'm not
losing this one again this one's coming
on tour the cool thing is - this was the
one that has the the cameras built-in so
I can tilt it up and down and use my
phone so no longer do I have to guess
and check but with the GoPro and it's
got a little stabilizer this one's way
better way better footage for you guys
this is all for you honestly this is all
for you guys and a little bit maybe 10%
me well remember I was saying I was not
gonna fly this guy until I got my GPS
unit just so happens the GPS unit came
today so Lauren took me to go pick it up
and now I just gotta charge that up so I
can maybe go fly it today Oh baby I had
some stipulations GPS unit that was my
rule that's here so technically I could
fly it yes we know you have a snack
snazzy jacket yes we showed that already
this morning
all right so step one is to calibrate
this GPS so if Charles is stupid and
decides to fly at night he can still
find it absolutely worst thing about
getting new products is always dead
everything is dead but you know what we
got a fully charged it before use it
guys we're gonna do everything right
this time right Zoe we're to use this
yeah the thing that looks like such a
torture device but they freaking love it
yeah Zoe I brush then I stop the brush
Marly goes and rolls in a bunch of grass
and literally just goes and plops in
front of me
look all the damn hair coming off the
stock we can clone you four times over
Zoe Saoirse under neck these German
Shepherd Youth some bird is gonna have a
nice warm nest because of you get in
there mark through the hole through the
loop you already got yours on yeah get
in there mark showing ideal because it's
so easy okay seriously in the crash well
I'm telling you no way this you knows
rule so you can go off to college I mean
the carpeting I think this is the line
right are you doing wasting no evil I'm
gonna put a label on my little copter
printing I think this thing is so badass
I love label makers might look at me
only my dad would have a little label
maker who owns the label maker god I
love Dennis that was the worst week ever
everything you push I forgot to tell you
guys earlier today Marley's hood fell
over a face like that pretty much like
this
and if you walked right into a wall by
herself so Ally's gonna film a nice
little fun little video for contiki you
gonna use your your brand new equipment
yeah you excited yeah yes I was try this
house panic
sweet have trial the new stuff
feel like that little failsafe I did
yeah that's pretty awesome actually I
think we need to stretch it out
are you doing
kind of
are you biting the blankets excuse me
meanwhile you have Zoe who's just
chilling not destroying anything getting
into all your cool stuff hell yeah
that's shiny for some Ally you're legit
it looks good on camera actually looks
blue on my eyes but on camera it looks
good but go against the green screen no
you got a shadow all right guys let's
Photoshop ally and create the crazy
background and now @reply us on twitter
she finally got to where she wanted to
go that's the place you wanted to go hi
I was promised a cookie what I come
around the corner from taking the dogs
out and show show them what you were
doing others is dancing dancing by
myself uh dancing by myself
it's like Freddie Mercury how much all
right guys it's time to go to bed ally
just made me watch what was it called
and I just wanted to say goodnight to
guys before go to bed and look at this
snuggle monster over here he's been
stealing the blanket from everyone
lately
I think we need to get another one of
these blankets anyway if you guys are
brand new to our videos please don't
forget to subscribe I can't believe I
held out all day you're proud of me I
didn't follow the quad copter old man so
tomorrow I'm gonna have a dog roll
flight and I say inaugural how do you
say it ain't no girl inaugural that way
inaugural flight right inaugural
inaugural tomorrow be the first tomorrow
will be the inaugural flight of the
quadcopter
so don't forget to subscribe and hope
you guys enjoyed today's video we'll see
you guys tomorrow as always doodles
taxi
who else with
