oh my god right look I think it's so
cold out oh my god she's gonna match you
wretch and look at this match well she
almost made it through the head hole
there we go yay you're so cute
just like what you want to fight about
it I'm fine with my jacket Oh what
interesting I couldn't find your hoodie
huh she's answered you um so I just
washed down the papers the other day and
it appears as though they froze hi
Marlee thank you
there's ice on the pavers they're
freezing what is happening this is like
not Florida right now what is going on
meanwhile in the world there's trains
plowing through snow which by the way
internet I didn't I don't know why I
never thought this existed but Google
trains plowing through snow it's the
coolest thing I've ever seen
I didn't know I didn't even know that it
was that little thing on the front I
know but I never knew exists that knew
it had to but that's it the coolest I
watched like 20 minutes of yesterday
trains one of the oldest boards a chance
for it still awesome not exactly
nothing outside what do you see my let's
go friend let's go friend you sent the
squirrel friend out there that would you
guys just see them careful
maybe well I don't know if they always
go to the same corner I glow where is he
he doesn't go to the same corner every
time guys switch it up sometimes so I'm
heading to my first session of therapy
right now I'm excited but I'm also
nervous cuz I'm excited that the pain is
gonna you know start going away and I'm
gonna be able to get therapy for you
know all of the crap that's been going
on for my shoulder and for my neck
because that's what they recommend it
for me to do but I'm also afraid that
it's gonna hurt so we'll see how that
goes
wish me luck like totally didn't just
drop the camera the brand new camera
took us home
Marley Lucas here okay though there's a
camera I need to show off I'm gonna side
Justin who decide I need to show my fans
the rare Marley kiss see if it actually
happens you get kissed by Marley you
might as well buy a lotto ticket good
yeah right that's a rare thing how is
your old lady training my old lady
training this good jobs well yeah they
didn't do anything yet it was just my
consultation it was just like my your
pre old lady training so remember how I
was trying to figure out when the last
time we saw AFI in the vlog while CTFxC
answers on twitter found out first so
there's actually day 209 so what are we
at right now what stay down there
17:29 9 think it's this 17 17 29 below
us so if you want to go see the first
time we did it just go look for CTFxC
day 2 0 9 it's been a long time
so I was like oh crap stop it you being
a little dog keep that tennis ball good
kitty cat that's one step of being cool
turning into a dog and then you switched
you're playing with a cat toys what
vortex are we in right now I am well I
thought I wasn't gonna give a craft at
all the door hinges were brass and I
changed the handles to silver but turns
out I do give a crap it's bothering me
so I'm gonna change seven doors worth of
these hinges because it pisses me off
though the beat nerdy power-poles
if you know what that's from I'll give
you a million dollars I don't even know
it's fun you know do it one more time
don't look the one with the big nerdy
power tools know exactly how it goes in
the movie I don't know tell me in
comments help me out I have no idea got
one let's go get it no I say it every
single time but would you do drop my a
really employment really appointment oh
my gosh zelich is gonna say really
appointment important really important
appointment library old lady stuff now
you know what it's like what do you mean
which I totally forgot to tell you guys
not that I didn't have any work done
today so I was very excited about that
they didn't do anything but apparently I
have really bad like situation going on
because of how I'm trying to
overcompensate for like the pain that
I'm having all of my muscles that
shouldn't be tight are tight and the
ones that should be tight or loose so
Ali's aged 80 now tendons that are
not doing what they're supposed to be
doing and like she was just saying that
it's all kinds of messed up in there so
she's going to do how old are you 24
this is what I want all of our Swiss
place to be changed to get these those
are kind of cool it is rippling abs we
should at least get one present joke we
at least get one of these we need one of
the USB this is awesome I won't want to
be so bad come on there's one left that
means it's got to be awesome Polly wants
that as a tattoo or wanted that as a
tattoo you're not gonna get that you did
at one point I'm there's nothing wrong
with it I think it's kind of cool I
already talked to Dimas my tattoo guy
start working on my right sleeve and
he's coming up with some ideas now -
good much better much more comfortable
making friends with the fellow other
customers young at heart young at heart
I cannot be the first person to do this
here well I invited the first person why
is everyone so shocked there we go is
when I get this counter
so close can we get a tubular skylight
not a radical not an awesome but a
tubular one so it need to be a reddish
dark one or so everyone oh my god
seriously this is why you called me over
here I was busy I'm gonna get the radish
one really seriously I was gloating
because she likes to do all the
handiwork I'm really excited and I know
this sounds really dumb but it's like I
look longer I'm like actually
accomplishing something that will not
bother me it bothers me every frickin
day when I see this fugly brass hardware
it just looks old oh by the way she
relates to toilet seats so now we can
keep it up they're gonna buy an anti
slam one cuz you slam it all the time
they have yeah but they're plastic and I
wanted a wood one because they don't let
go as much oh that's important when
you're taking a right alleys better
at this kind of stuff does I obviously
just don't have patience or just doesn't
interest me I'm always doing the
financials and stuff like the the
business stuff I find that more
entertaining or more interesting and Zoe
just goes where anyone goes right that
oh she's like a go-between look at that
little spot Zoe can we see a little
freckle on your nose you guys have no
idea how happy I am this is coming back
a little pig nose
stop it all right
first time it took you guys to an AFI
show was day was it I may have said the
wrong day it's actually day 2:03 203
here's a fun little fact it was actually
at the House of Blues in Orlando which
is what we the kings played on the last
tour so if you google for a day
203 for CTFxC I'm a pirate recognize it
because that was where we played you
keep you keep scratching my head every
time you key stops she's first Birkin
as they keep scratching keep scratching
so as usual as the night kind of winds
down we have a little movie night
together with Ally myself from the girls
we're gonna watch a classic 1983 movie
this movies actually older than me by a
year and this that movie never exists
ally never existed when this movie was
up came out
it's called Trading Places it's Dan
Aykroyd Ghostbusters and Eddie Murphy
two classics so Ali's never seen this
movie blew my mind
so we're definitely gonna watch this now
with Ali actually said she's never seen
the movie kind of freaked out and I
looked to see if we actually owned it we
don't but I looked on Netflix and
luckily it's streaming on Netflix which
by the way is our favorite favorite
sponsor our favorite product actually no
joke that I've actually been using it
for years myself if you want to check
out Trading Places and other awesome TV
shows and movies go check them out
Netflix comm CTFxC brightening with that
really good you should do it I have a
very sharp knife yeah so check it out
Netflix are calm so CTFxC go watch
Trading Places and tell me in the
comments what you think on a 1 to 5
scale anyway on that note we're gonna go
to bed guys hope you guys have fun and
don't forget to subscribe if you guys
are brand new
we'll see you as tomorrow's always to
tools
you see what you did
with sexy
they'll switch
