good morning Internet what do you want
Zoe so either tell me what you want see
I want outside you completely you missed
everything
hey what you need that's the door hit
the 14 bells she one go outside Marta
hit your Bell that was accidental my
here's your bell
oh yeah well they just keep running into
it doesn't tell it the Bell
all right Bell you guys not know where
the Bellas anymore there is uh making
healthy applesauce pancakes delicious
and healthy so Ali is finishing up the
vlog because today we're gonna go
actually to watch AFI I just got a text
from Hunter and he sent they're playing
tonight and Ybor so we're gonna go hang
out with cdfi today over that camera I
sent out the other day got it replaced I
don't know what number this is with the
warranties still intact
we're over 9,000 the Phantom is still
long gone I have no idea where it is but
if we get a new one I'm getting GPS and
then I'm going to write my name on the
stupid thing so if I ever lose it again
I will be able to find it unless it goes
underwater
yep I'm still pissed off about my little
guy if you didn't see yesterday's
montage I did a sad little montage cuz
it lasted 10 days anyone say 10 days
that it would last technically I didn't
break it though just the wind took it
other way guys we got this awesome
package from YouTube and I can only
guess what it is cuz it's been 8 to 12
weeks so Ally you ready to open this
baby so before we leave I open this guy
to 12 weeks I am doing this one thing
you're CTFxC you delivered the audience
we're delivering the real words you said
the gold standard vite surpassing a
million slugs please accept with our
congratulations it's gold play button oh
that is amazing looking
yeah oh my god
that blows away in your gold record
right yeah
YouTube sitting standards right here
that elephant is upside down in the play
button okay we did high-five or kiss
high-five father you have a gold record
I have a gold play button yeah this is
much cooler
so we're getting ready to go to the
airline's so we're just pumping up right
now we got the spam in the back
I don't know how I got them at Omaha
convince them to come but hunter just
put us all on the guest list I'm gonna
see them think the last time I saw ya if
I was in the vlogs I think was 2009 in
Orlando eating that the go last time
having been down here in a long time
drover the last time we were here so
Ratatat Ratatat or the bouncers tried to
take my camera no you know remember
Bowser kidnapped my camera I think you
guys remember that I was telling it for
some reason maybe they don't let you
guys actually film and he tried to take
my camera and I sold him gotta keep the
tradition is exactly what we did last
time remember that he's a feasibly some
people or not think we played it I don't
remember what it was a long time ago
first time ever saw a F I was actually
at the place was actually called the
Ritz I mean it was called the masquerade
I'm gonna actually Hunter Bergen hit me
in the head with his bass dead pink hair
and he fell backwards I have a camera I
have been on can't up film he fell
backwards on in the audience and hit me
in the head with his bass the stock of
the bass
no actually probably he be influenced
through a lot actually as a kid played
bass cut to this embarrassing photo
does Ali's Matt about the county's base
right now yes because four plus four is
not ten so eight is not 14 it's well I
don't know why cuz we're in a New York
New York piece of place my Emmet's card
called me to make sure was some fraud
and the dude just called me ma'am
actually he's really funny
growing up actually my voice sounded
kind of girly there my voice sound girly
as a kid no on the phone so I think he
might have heard me oh baby but he
called the BAM so this is why I love my
dad more than anything in the whole
world is that when we invited him to
come to the show he got so excited and
he did research he did the homework and
he looked up a Fi he watched all of
their music videos that were online and
he wrote down the names of all the band
members and he wrote down all the songs
he likes honestly what is so wrong about
picking you know Charles thought he's
really super stealth as possible
right there's look I was honest when I'm
watching him he goes I was the bottom at
the bottom of the few so now you have
snot and or it on your fingers because
you touch the bottom I'm going to stand
up get all the time sock Internet tell
me if you pick your nose cuz I know you
do don't lie
where do you put your little booger
where do you put your booger don't lie
in a napkin in a disposable item I'm
gonna I want to tell you the truth then
you're gonna hate it
I sometimes what's it on your pants
how do you make a tissue dance how do
you do it oh my god this is really my
life and how to get you all swagged up
all swag that letter had to leave
because getting hot
the hoody only worked for so long we did
one of those other lessons well that
never person
balcony I've never been up here the 13
20 years have been coming innocence of
the kid I've never come up here
no more lyrics than I did I always had a
little bit of apple juice parent kids a
chance this is an example I got my
father my mother-in-law my father-in-law
all here listening sax guy so that was a
lot of fun so hunters a little bit under
the weather and it's freaking cold right
now so I just told him thank you very
much on behalf of my family and CTFxC
can you tell me how they had a little
fun because it's a cold I don't want to
get stuck outside or anything too long
anyway guys today was a pretty fun day I
cannot believe I just got to open this
up one one more time before I go to bed
this means so much to me guys you have
no idea
it's not just me Sanchez Ali this
represents all of you guys ten years ago
when I started making videos been about
10 years 2005 will be officially 10
years so it's been a long time I never
once thought one I would ever have a
million subscribers and to that I would
have a group of people that I could
share my life with and they could share
their life with other people and myself
and it's just such a cool thing I got to
give a huge everyone complains about
things that YouTube does but I got to
give a huge prop I give huge props to
YouTube for making this stuff happen
these are cool little reminders that
show that YouTube knows the community
out there is what makes YouTube YouTube
it really shows that YouTube does care
about the creators and they they want to
make you guys happy want to make us
happy but just on this note I just want
to say thank you guys so so much so so
much and if you guys are brand new to
these videos don't forget to subscribe
what's good to million I know we can get
to 2 million by the end of the year
that'll be our new goal 2 million CTF X
years by the end of this year you know I
think we can get it to actually happen
and I also want to say thank you to
Hunter Bergen and the rest of the guys
from the FI for inviting us out to come
see them and hang him out like I
mentioned earlier that was a band that
was the first punk rock band I ever got
into and that have the bassist become a
friend of mine and just it's one of
those things I was just talking valley
it's a surreal moment
see what you did
they'll switch
