so I got up and look five minutes later
I was back in bed and then these two are
back in bed
don't film this I was up all morning
pastor just to deal with bug guys anyway
so today we have two males last 500 of
the signed posters and then do a bunch
of little errands around the house which
is fun fun fun whoa ma'am you got me all
sneeze if I'd alright let's make you
smile a little bit for the camera wait
she's like we don't ready she was
smiling
Ali was getting ready I was messing with
it just by using these ten hours go
fishing with me maker
this is pulling up at the show we're
cheese wait look at her tiny little
bottom teeth tightly closed Oh tiny
bottom teeth
sorry Martin Ali is measuring some of
the windows and I'm gonna scare the girl
I better I have to find out when to
which window she's actually this would
be so funny next thing dang it that was
a fail she's already done I was not the
way until she was putting on my
you guys want to see my new addiction
Lauren found this the green beans but
they're hard so good they look and smell
horrendous but they taste amazing
they're mate are they they smell so bad
mmm but it tastes so good mmm if you're
looking for alternative healthy chip
watch Ali eat one so you won't even eat
one no let's try one on camera move just
try one no I think Ali's doesn't know
what she's missing that's another thing
don't go on a date after eating these
bad how did you fall for this so I
didn't want to go on Home Depot again
and so I'm showing in a car and now
listen do you hear that so it looks like
I'm trying to steal my own car and now
I'm vlogging here so everyone's looking
at me I'm a car thief too fast and
furious Charles edition he's so stupid
he steals his own car well I think EEP
going on and off like that seems kind of
stupid worst car thief ever that was
kind of funny the funniest thing I think
about car alarms is that nobody gives a
crap and nobody like pays any attention
to him because if you don't like go off
so much so I feel like it's like boy who
cried wolf
don't dun duh-da dun-dun dun dun
that was the worst theme song ever
anyway this is my arsenal of shit that
I'm gonna go around my house and fix
because I don't know like a lot of our
house the stuff inside is pretty modern
like we've updated a lot of stuff but we
haven't changed and the sliding door
handles any of the regular door handles
or any of the switch plate covers so
there's stuff all around our house that
looks like this which is ancient and
stupid so I bought nickel-plated
everything and I'm gonna change all the
door handles that are gold or brass or
whatever and I hate them so I'm gonna
fix it yep a bunch of them are fixing it
up David let's do this we'll turn our
house into a mansion by going to Home
Depot once well why Ali does all that
fun stuff I'm gonna actually try to do
I've actually never flown this thing at
night so I'm gonna see what this looks
like at night see if it actually works I
don't know because it's pretty dark and
I don't think the GoPro has very good
low light but it's worth a shot like
crap this thing is literally gonna look
like a freaking flying saucer honestly
like if I was outside jogging or
something like that and I saw this thing
flying like look at this saw that like
flying around that would totally freak
you out look at that looks totally like
a flying saucer
well vlogging is all about
experimentation you know I mean always
getting a new angle so what I like to do
stuff like this
and get different gadgets like this for
you guys cuz you know we always use
little cannons but it's like there for a
while it just kind of gets boring and
mundane go high in the sky don't fly
away little guy better not be the day I
lose my little cock quadcopter he's so
sad trees I'm getting nervous down
so since I'm a complete idiot and it's
stupid thing flew away Allie's taking me
on the golf cart so we can see if we can
try to find it fingers crossed
I'm genuinely Bombur now I was reading
online apparently this is a common
problem oh look at bunnies found a bunch
of bunnies thing to do right now well
there's a pond we are in Florida gotta
watch for alligators I gotta stop
putting this my face when I walk great
in the pond this episode of this old
house basically are you doing it's
working
whoever installed these door handles
didn't realize that you can just pull
the handles off and switch them because
this is what happened so you locked
yourself in can you just move it yeah
Zoey don't make fun of her so your
victory dance if you guys don't know
what she's dancing about that used to be
your ugly brass now I'll submit a
relatively cool silver it's the same
Dorothy
and I was route I was looking at all
those dingy old fan clickers and I was
losing my helicopter
he's already cheating on the Phantom
with another helicopter he's already
looking at helicopter corn what happened
like everyone says all these GPS units
and I apparently didn't have you are a
dog you doesn't even give it an hour are
you still doing this it's the last one
now we can watch a movie looks good son
on it anyway guys well it's time to go
to bed I know I'm pretty bummed about
the stupid quadcopter hopefully I can
get another one
hopefully I can find that one I should
say because I really really like that
thing and I know a lot of you guys like
the different perspective from like the
bird's eye thing it's my fault I
shouldn't have probably been flying it
it was like that too high that all of a
sudden there's an updraft and it just
took it out then I just couldn't find it
so if I get a new one I'm definitely
getting a GPS tracker on the son of a
bitch so definitely thumbs up the video
for today so it'll make me feel a little
bit better just a little bit for losing
that quadcopter
it's out there all by itself has no one
in the world to look for it so we'll see
you guys tomorrow as always don't forget
to subscribe you guys are brand-new and
we'll see you later
doodles
