what is this you just move from one bed
to the next good morning good morning
probably felt comfortable these beds are
I know I've slept on the think we've all
flipped on how do you like this this is
good this is a this is the look I was
going for this morning did I get kicked
out cuz this is your bed so there's look
it says Zoe on there everyone out of my
bed time to get some blood tests yeah
yeah whoa dear luigi do lazy you do
Luigi I think it's pretty good i'ma
Luigi what it's anything really bad what
yeah I'm doing like an F like yeah okay
try to do them right now doesn't matter
where you are in middle class in the
middle work try stephan1 all damage on
my phone again how many times I drop my
phone right there are the curves you
think I'd learn but I don't anyway I
gotta get blood tests nothing abnormal
just said the weekly bi-weekly I just
makes your white my white blood count is
still good which has been fine the
entire time which is awesome got in
trouble but this guy I was talking to
his kid and he was like oh you sent sent
that they stand up and the kid was like
running around he goes male we stay
centered at the center and I just like I
was trying so basically if you don't
know what it means like it means like
sit down or I'll sit you down but it's
like basically like you do it or I'll
put you there like the choice is yours
but if I do it it's not gonna be nice
like it's pretty funny Ali starts cry
I can help I'm just like I don't know
what just happened I'm so terrified a
lot of people are like you know people
think that kind of stuff is mean I mean
you gotta have boundaries they're in
public you know what I mean so it sounds
really mean the guy wasn't physically
hurting his kid he was just being just
being a little punk bitch yeah he was
being a brat and the guy was getting
serious with him and I just laughed
cause it worked so fast and it sounds so
bad it sounds way more badass than
Spanish and it doesn't English sporting
our own shirt is that kind of is that
okay is that kind of like wearing like
if you're in the band like wearing your
own shirt is this is where you're saying
the most comfortable rug ever this is
what's also making me believe that
Zoey's part German Shepherd and that
this hunt away because look at this hair
it's nice knowing like yesterday this is
definitely Shepherd hair so you're part
shepherd look at this is ridiculous
you've been actually really good mark I
think she knows if she's good she's next
let's play a little guessing game guys
what do you think Zoe is what kind of
mutt do you guys think she is my guess
would be Rottweiler and shout the
Shepherd what are you says oh I don't
know which is born
come on fur line come on Fraulein can
you tell me watching the other Jones
last night come on for a line that's you
cuz you're a fur that's my proud of
myself face I'm just gonna keep holding
it really getting jealous
I got my little buddy right there
starting to realize no he just likes to
be laid on top of foot begin jealous
watch twister Marley I just gotta say
it's probably one of the best cheesy
movies of my time for disaster movies
that and has anyone ever seen the movie
volcano drove volcano Tommy Lee Jones
it's so terrible basically a volcano
just erupts in LA that's another one you
guys have any all-time like cheesy
disaster movies tell me in the comments
Dante's Peak was great that was good
that was a good one Armageddon is an
obvious one tell me in the comments some
all-time cheesy disaster movies anything
behind model is but is a disaster movie
hey Zoe you only give me back my under
the couch just when you think my little
buddy can't get any theater top six
so everyone give much love to Lauren
she's not feeling too good as you can
tell by the pajamas rain look at those
fancy pajamas hopefully she doesn't have
to have surgery we'll see you don't want
to have ruptured intestine that's true
Ali's look crazy laughs how many times
have you heard Alex do the crazy lab the
other day I did it when I was waxing
here whenever almost like hopefully
she's crazy yeah you're enjoying it too
much the difference between tails is so
funny to me
what hers is hers is like a wide
sweeping and Miley's like cooking what
that look curly tail oh wow draw me like
one of your french women hey back up
she's your eyes like yeah they're
beating you with her tail so Josiah just
sent us an exclusive for the vlog of him
getting rid of his little what is called
what was it called he said he'd do it
only when he did it he said he's only
showed to the CTFxC first it's gone
I can't I never thought he would do that
what if like all of a sudden he sucks at
taking photos so yeah he said that he
would only show the CTFxC first he's not
tweeting it first so Josiah gave a seat
little exclusive to you guys if you guys
read the liner notes on the album Danny
actually thanked Josiah his little
doodle braid so we're going to the
garden the garden of olives gonna hang
out with the family
fams Laurens not feeling too good she's
stayed back
greater sure ever everything you need
everything you need nothing you don't
that's the skillet embroidery game is a
tub of a Tommy Bahama shirt New York
City
listen show show the internet what my
mom just got you a Pinterest and look at
a mom yeah
we're gonna do a big M filled with corks
if you're a Pinterest fan just go to a
bar and just ask for course this is all
the garden so she knew I wasn't so much
and I get this mini-course
so she never hurts to ask alright so one
more thing since we're down here
Billboard magazine sent a nice little
like printout of us when we hit for the
album when we hit 44 on the Billboard
charts so I'm gonna print this out now
so we have a nice special little thing
where are we
Elvis Presley policy release and stuff
still there it is guys thanks to you we
the Kings number 44 somewhere somehow
built Billboard Top 100 bucks top 200
amazing I can't believe my first album
ever is in billboard because of you guys
and because because because because
because because of the wonderful thing
you do anyway so we're gonna go to bed
guys hope you guys enjoyed today's video
make sure you show a bunch of love for
Lauren she's gonna go to the surgeon for
like a pre again what do you call it
like a predetermination thing if it's
not one thing it's another thing in the
Trib you household
actually open it up I just noticed this
couple brain slide up there yeah so see
you guys tomorrow don't forget to
subscribe because we're new doodles
that's like creepy
but CTFxC
they'll switch
let's go
