butterfly bitch useless buggers good
morning guys I was getting our ideas
checked or just hanging out with a bunch
of machines you can't say blondie wasn't
kind of weird that you're using your ID
to look at these eyes using eyes to look
at eyes look at looks me queasy
wait big dilated your right to dilated
Ally's eyes and she can't see crap no I
can't
I'm about to drive here tell me I can't
we have officially twenty nine days as
of now before Halloween aka Lee's
favorite holiday and that means we need
to find some awesome animal costumes now
we had this little kitten we got to find
something that's gonna fit her tiny
little brain and then Zoey and Marley
got to find something pretty awesome to
them and mr. d I don't think anything's
gonna fit our little head to turn Marley
into account shouldn't dogs and cats me
and a dog that would actually be pretty
funny oh my god
they could be a Pikachu
I still think we should be better a
sushi bar legally sushi Marley devil
doggy devil is it this is all they have
I just had the greatest idea and I don't
know if it's possible
I was grew Ali was bruised wife and all
the animals were minions
that would be so funny we found some
pretty good ones and I don't want to
really show you guys until the cat ones
one right there a couple months ago
might be a few months ago now we worked
with a company called blue apron they're
sponsoring today's video as well they
know we love cooking and they know we
had so much fun and they're giving
something back to you guys
again right now we're gonna make some
food we're gonna do this with you guys
the best part is it comes with the
recipes and actually know the best part
I want to show you the best part it
comes in this beautiful refrigerated bag
so that way you know if you're not home
and it's delivered everything is staying
you know so it's so perfect everything's
proportioned you know there's no waste
of food and you know it's everything you
need right here you don't go to the
grocery store what's you know I ain't
doing that but all the way down to like
the condiments that go with it which I
yeah it's like weird it's like we're
here it has little bags like they're
knickknacks you know the spices all that
fun stuff now we're on the three meal
plan per week we're on the two-person
plan obviously they have a family plan
and a two-person plan I think we should
do that one sandwiches with napa cabbage
slaw and roasted potato wedges and look
at this only to take 30 minutes all
right here's our bag full of ingredients
and voila so good
I cannot live they're all like we got
some some taste testers I think okay
here's another cool thing since Ali and
I have been really trying to do a lot of
running and staying healthy and just
eating better they have a lot of like
healthy options or anything is pretty
weak I think what is it five to eight
hundred calories per meal egg per recipe
and you can do it all in under 40
minutes or less okay now that's awesome
here's the coolest part not only is the
sponsor by blue apron we managed to get
them to give you guys first hundred CTX
years we'll get three free meals off
their first order so yeah really good
yeah the first 100 CDF next series so do
it now links down in the description
what what you guys do that let us not
comments which one you guys selected and
which one's your favorite one because
and blue apron please please please keep
sending us food love it when you guys
think I'm like being it like I'm gonna
miss you chef
now you know the secret it's not Ali hi
I'm uh I'm uh Suzy nine and uh you know
I just got back from the air to the line
and that's not the farm I asked for hi
Mary Sue and I get so excited when my
friends can't wait to put all these
costumes on dude can I do ready I'm
Roberta and I love my porn and my mind
think that I'm pretty no matter what
nobody says yes we are those people
and we do it every year and it doesn't
matter cuz I know it makes you guys
laugh and it makes us laugh so Louise
she's smokin hi check it out she was
trying they were trying to eat all our
food so now they're full and content and
we might go to actually make this happen
you're looking great well we can take it
back get the smaller one got to get our
calorie intake guys we're so funny if I
put up with dominar on a dog just to see
what there BPMS are I wonder like if you
have a pedometer on a dog because they
have four legs if it'd be four times or
twice the amount not four times but they
don't have a dog pedometer I'm going to
invent it now don't take it don't take
my idea oh by the way I want to make
this known no more limp just so happens
every time I say the B word that limp
comes out totally fine now such a faker
I don't know if you guys remember - my
sister's old dog he would always do the
same thing to every time we wanted
sympathy he'd just start limping then he
always got sympathy so it worked but
this place always has the pumpkins just
kind of hanging out in the the tree but
if you look there's just nothing with
strings all over this tree so
complicated looking yeah that's cool
okay so you saw these all the dragon you
saw Marley as old lady or whatever the
heck that dog is now we have Zoey who is
going to be a taco and then we have Rika
who is going to be a hot dog because I
don't think Joe don't to me all right
come on Rika
girl we're gonna give her probably a
couple more weeks and that'll be your
home console we actually be perfect
timing she's not mad she's not mad maybe
we'll leave that in there with us always
she likes a dream but I wonder then
where she's like Marley I think the more
we do this kind of stuff with her as
she's older she'll be so used to it this
is right there with Marley and Zoey and
they they don't give a crap
I mean Zoe's over there just chilling in
a hot dog costume oh my god I forgot our
turtle costume and she did that gonna be
a hot dog okay babe man
on your bathroom
dum dum bum bum bum pink oh no no that
actually calms me down
doesn't she look like a chimpanzee looks
like a month back
Shh introducing hey Doc Oh fine that's
not a taco what she finally likes it
it's your first Halloween costume hot
dog run run you don't want it you don't
want it kittens first all the way Oh
Joey looking good girl
good enough to eat watch out for the
walking taco get it said I don't like
hot dogs since we had a freaking awesome
lunch al he's making sure they have a
good dinner yes that is spinach broccoli
and eggs steamed broccoli and cooked
eggs and organic spinach
I've been eating it too out of the bowl
hey it's so good you ready for this did
you drop food nothing goes to waste with
Marley you drop some food in the water
there you go oh yeah by the way
you like 3:11 good bases that's for sure
at least we found something they called
me down that cat loves attacking blinky
never like she's gonna attack Marley she
figure it Tigerettes good girl my tag
tag tag you're so patient you're so
patient I can't let you out watch your
tail she's gonna eat your tail again all
you guys are so patient with this little
twerp
you know that though so I had no idea
how you haven't just eaten that cat yeah
and she's leaving
there goes your toy you guys wanna see
something
watch this cat
she gave up on me she's got the
attention span of a second gerbils are
you doing some yoga yes
who's that downward dog you're teaching
the internet how to do some yoga what
move is this I'm gonna end the video
because sometimes I forget to and I
always feel like the vlog is just weird
when it just ends
you mean like I feel like I have to say
goodnight to you guys I say good morning
so I have to say good night if you are
brand-new please don't forget to
subscribe and click that Bell for
notifications and if you can please
click like for the fact that Rica Zooey
Marley and diesel all of the bass now
and Michael Jackson I mean that deserves
the link I will see you guys tomorrow as
always have a great night bye guys
and we're out
