good morning guys hold on just second I
gotta show you guys something outside
good morning guys
welcome to Florida this is as close to
snow as we get frost on our grass holy
Sh that's cold you see as I watch your
feet
watch it screw this a little of like the
bed kind of like snow the meanwhile
there's like negative like 4 degrees in
other parts of the country I just had to
show you that because it really ever
does that in Florida are you preparing
for the winter coldness outside but
wearing pants on your neck that what
you're doing okay we know yeah all right
these look great at the camera so Ali
woke up and had the greatest idea phone
call oh by the way Danny just got his
his Jenko pants we are gonna get brunch
this thing is what's between what is it
between breakfast and lunch or what's
called breakfast basically it's just
called breakfast for us you normally but
apparently there's something else called
brunch hate that word so remember
yesterday at Lauren and I will wear an
exact same jacket well today we are
wearing the exact same socks
we're just matching all the time out you
see that lamp we're twinsies twins how
do I get this thing how do I get that
towards the lid by and we got the
delicious smorgasbord breakfast for
breakfast missed Marley you have put
this on come on dude you suck at this
now all right you ready there you go
good girl see you can sneak up Zoey saw
yeah so you can't sneak up on me I've
been using the drone to chase her back
hey I just need to run I just need to
run guys get ready go to park what
dude will you be derpy face Riley
where'd you go right here I could jump
over you want me to jump over I can come
over there to you
don't you dare don't you dare we haven't
been to this park in like years what'd
you find I don't know I think we haven't
been here like two or three years good
luck
why do dogs do that does anyone in the
Internet know why dogs kick up grass
after they pee or poop it's like the
mark of their territory and then
immediately bearing their territory get
the tennis ball nailed yeah Zoey Marly
every other dog those antisocial dogs
with on earth so I'm talking up with you
guys I like humans humans are cool hey
Bob can we solve a few look at this
giant mosquito and they're freaking up
all right keep an eye on her keep an eye
on her
I came is Syrian yeah
thank you fast I know you knew there was
a catch
knew there was the cats are going to the
park today no not a hair dryer nor
little first shake one hand if you'll
excuse me I'll go first
everyone all clean or is it past 8
o'clock is it really they're like no we
don't like you guys you didn't want to
be fed you got chef boy our trippy right
now you like that
uh-huh I'm so clever by the way help my
arm or my shoulder looking I think it's
looking better juicy juicy juicy
I like cuz Ali's cooking that me said we
each have our specialties and -
definitely chicken yes now let me check
the chicken to make sure we're not gonna
die that would be good
I've never done a very convection before
how you use the convection oven and
devoted shirt on is freaking cold or
should I leave it off and just be super
sexy that's good I'm so sexy let's super
sexy face guys like it
I don't know I have to pose - I will be
here I look at her eyes Valley food heli
food
Charles Charles food camera she looks
like she's posing this like if the food
sack there she says she knows that'll
work it then she's got the most adorable
look like this and Mzoli's she had the
eyes he's always had the eyes so barley
has the head daddy I don't think that's
how that goes
they completely put this on backwards
take it off start again she's like I
think you know food why are you staring
so intensely freak
she's afraid let's put this on again as
I put my dog in a sweater I'm calling
her a freak see that I realized I
already see the Evek C's for haters
sweater I don't have anything in my hand
I know that's what you're looking for
speaking of hoodies Marley get out of
that no don't know the hoodies that Ali
is wearing a lot of people are asking
one of those are gonna be in stock I
made a huge restocking order a couple
weeks ago so hopefully in the next
couple days those will be back on CTFxC
merch calm so all the people in
wondering when the shirts and the
hoodies are gonna be restocked hopefully
in the next couple days maybe early next
week but I just want to keep you guys in
the loop now Ali's making cookies I know
we're not supposed to be eating this but
I've been feeling really bummed out
lately I don't know why and I'm like you
know what will success :
chocolate chip card oh that's right
things always singing and blinking so
how are you didn't believe me it was
blinking Oh
oh yes my little dumplings rice is
chicken I'm so excited oh god I just
love chocolate chip cookies did you hear
did you say it nice chicken chicken
arise nipple it's weird right
why guys a lot of have nipple Oh Zoey
are your nipples out you dirty girl
why is that like why can guys have their
nips out but girls can't
didn't you like to know it it seems kind
of weird because it's like girls nipples
are the ones that actually do stuff so
those should be the last weird ones the
least weird one the less look okay
lest we find ourselves amidst to see if
nipples I don't know what I'm talking
about now I've had way too much sugar
doing the cookie dance do a good cookie
down
oh come on sir you got to do the cookie
dance sorry so he said sorry doing
cookie dance Jesse and gene are gonna
love to see you doing the cookie dance
come on through the arms up do the
cookie dance Marla cookie break dance oh
my gosh down I finish with like a little
like BA get our hat so she can do the
little head spin alright guys hope you
guys enjoyed today's video we're gonna
do another little family night or just
watch the movie
kind of relax we had a little lazy
Sunday still kind of recouping from
yesterday obviously wake up in the late
afternoon called Parnell just to see
what he's doing hello what a pause yo
Sambo what's cracking that feels old at
methyls ancient and that was just like a
couple years ago that no that's ancient
that was like over six years ago yeah
that's a long time today after the
seizure is this it kind of wipes me out
so we had a life Sunday so thank you
guys for so much for watching the video
why do you always do that soon Scott put
your face in my face what y'all so we
gonna do a little lick it time to go to
bed watching movies so thank you so much
for watching today's video
it's getting better thinking a little
strawberry it's like when you're
slitting out like home plate you're
stealing all those bases so thank you so
much for watching today's video we'll
see you guys tomorrow always don't
forget subscribe because Rando and don't
forget to like the video if you guys
enjoyed it we'll see you guys tomorrow
doodles voice cracked
with sexy
they'll switch
