good morning guys special news how they
want to see something crazy look at this
what does this say
1.3 million subscribers today we marked
1.3 million this is insane Oh next stop
2 million did you add more bells to that
thing what are you guys doing
they've lately just been hitting the
stupid Bell just cuz it's been nice
outside you just like because it's cold
don't you my pain from yesterday so I
need you here like it's like three hairs
I just played you didn't see yesterday's
vlog you should do that that's why my
face apparently looks so beautiful and
uh I don't have a unibrow Alys are so
very giggling every time two years being
pain I do with you about what your
hairline was like ah I'm like old for
like three this week Oh son of a bitch
so randomly had another seizure just
random ones this is the worst part is
trying to get my fingers just like
floats my hands just like come float
mmm can you smile that's good it's
coming back mm-hmm my Marlee stood on
you she was doing the thing that she
does in the morning where she stands on
you and Zoey was looking inside your
mouth I was trying to stop him but I was
holding your head I couldn't hold you
and move that never make sure I was okay
oh yeah with a funky taste in your mouth
that's dog but oh did you lick daddy's
mouth to where he's gaining on you muku
Yoko's did a good thing you did good job
go see daddy today go see your daddy
mama she's like a okay daddy you okay
daddy I love you I'll stand on you
whenever you don't want me to so he did
a good job - she was really key yeah oh
here we go
all the love can you do your fingers yet
they're coming hey I can feel hold on
really just coming back this is always
the last thing is that your arm is still
a little numb your face is coming back
at your it's normal now
can you wink works doing guys everything
can't ever wink did you give up on the
toy is it still under there Marley's
like I'm gonna give it get it so II all
right hand check yeah it's like when I
had surgery get stuck in the middle
finger again sketch your head again
where's your bone oh yeah drive up we
have a question why does this keep
happening
a piece of lettuce for protecting daddy
okay let us pray Zozo it just hangs out
of her mouth it's so weird that you guys
like it
Coco do you like lettuce to feel a
little bit better somebody suggested
trying to find goats milk ice cream
because it can't have dairy
lowens little shopping basket pillow
this poor amazing scrub realized Lauren
and I are wearing the same jacket right
now represent the wtk and we found this
giant Apple I can barely hold it this is
big comfort let's see if this is big as
your head that is bigger than her brain
like a look at her head really okay Zoe
okay we get it
it was really a bad idea to get more
bells it's the size of her head that's
probably that's big that's probably
bigger than my brain yeah cuz this is
don't they say it's about the size of
here too well you figure out bigger
brain is yeah I think your stomach this
or your heart is supposed to be like one
your brain is supposed to be your hands
together you know you sell big your
faces what you know your hand is
supposed to be bigger than your face
oh stop all right you almost go for it
I don't like no one goes like that
everyone does that so they hid
themselves I know yeah well you got me
so good here yourself
no I knew what I was I guess as soon as
I pulled up I knew it you're doing some
dog ice cream see if they can open it
which one do I love watching her try to
like figure it out like it's gonna go
any faster she makes that home play a
little game called slide ice cream oh oh
we switched ice cream
see ya partner good suck on it it pulls
it back Luther eyes he looked at me like
what are you doing
Marley it goes in your bowl why are you
sitting there
what are you spitting on the kitchen
floor do you even know why you down
there oh my god though he can fart and
it makes a disgusting noise so my mom
and I we're having a pinball competition
so far she's kicking ass it's no get it
oh oh you almost got it go but the
difference is I'm not gonna eat like he
does uh right ugh I thought I wasn't
gonna fall I literally literally almost
they said what did I do
well what was the score prior to the
last fall he I had like 900,000 and you
all know - let's take a little gander I
just you know you got eight million for
yellow something at three money on his
iPad do some fucking thing it's like a
notification so I notification for i
video getter than this bear some fucking
innit over it's over
Hey
and I'm like oh my god no misimpression
no that's something more like grandpa
right two more boxes two more boxes for
you guys and then we're done starting to
realize this is definitely a Zoey's
couch you're laying on your foot is
chilling you had a rough day too you
protected daddy so we're just talking
this is probably gonna be the last batch
of these sign family posters that you
were designed that we're gonna be able
to do so if you guys want these posters
you should go now to CTFxC merch because
it's probably the last batch we can
actually print I'll do a half inning and
then I'll do a star by your name stars
are really funny
I'm sorry can't do 8.30 yesterday we
were like how do you do a star they are
done and like I said everyone give it up
for Lauren for helping us she's the
poster arranger because I will rip them
and bend them and do all kinds of bad
things
Lauren is one of them but make sure
these all look good and like I said this
is probably gonna be the last batch of
signed posters that we can actually do
so if you guys want these signed posters
go to CTFxC merch links down there in
description because I think this is
gonna be the last batch of this poster
we could actually do for a while no are
you gonna go into the know I'm getting
whiskey whiskey straight up game of quiz
I got some celebratory like little
treats I'll take one of those yep I'll
put the whiskey back gaming yeah gotta
use that for drunk gaming got nothing in
there for drunk gaming a gelato pop I
don't know
this look good looks fancy no I can
understand all the ingredients all right
by the carrot right where's the carrot
really you gotta go around if you can't
get it that's the only way you can get
it I love it she's like I'm uh good at
solving puzzles
she's never any good Marley come on you
got to be better than that then she
kicks it almost kicks it under the TV
look at this this Apple won't be able to
be even cut won't even fit
it's a giant prick gonna be so freakin
delicious though actually I want to ask
you guys in the comments I feel kind of
weird do you appeal your apples before
ye roam or do you eat them with the
peels still on you do Internet I feel
like I'm a baby cuz I peel it I feel
like a taste better though so she put
peanut butter on it or like honey or
caramel or caramel whatever you wanna
call it
alright guys I just want to say thank
you so much for all the love and support
that we were getting on Twitter for
today sucks we have no idea why it
happened or whatever you know it's one
of those things we're just gonna keep
going gotta keep pushing through again I
just want to say thank you guys so much
we're gonna kind of rest and watch a
movie together right now
you ready for what movie you want to
watch I wanna watch Tropic Thunder other
than wanting to watch that all freakin
week basically oh just one of those
movies that gets in your head so anyway
I just want to say thank you guys so
much for the support it sucks but
luckily Ali was home and Zoey Marly were
so cute they were helping the whole time
I obviously don't remember any of it
so see you guys tomorrow as always don't
forget to subscribe you guys are brand
new and make sure to LIKE this video
guys if you guys enjoy today's video one
last reminder if you guys want to get
those posters this is probably gonna be
the last run that we're gonna be able to
do with these things so thank you guys
so much have a great night and we'll see
you guys tomorrow as always toodles
my CTFxC
with me
vexy
who else with me
