this morning I don't know if you guys
saw that I tweeted I think Charles is
pretty entertained by it he's finally
getting a haircut today so I stopped
telling people that he's my angst II
teenage son instead of my lovely full
grown husband good morning good morning
I think I just said husband as well
fully grown husband so we are literally
hitting got a helicopter showing off his
helicopter that guy's nose up got a
helicopter helicopter buddies anyway so
we're hitting every single red light
right now on the way to get my hair cut
you know that thing where you like try
to get somewhere you get every single
red light instead of like but if you get
past that one red light you're totally
in the clear you have to go a certain
speed do you just bypass it I feel like
until we can do it next time at this one
so we're like oh four five
don't slow down I have to we made it
deal with it hello we're back we're just
feeling Charles in on all of the news
about our celebrity crushes we're
talking about Bruno Mars and how much
summer loves her and he's actually gonna
be playing the Super Bowl halftime show
which is so exciting and I cannot wait
for that it's amazing this is crazy to
me summer now we're just talking about
how fast his hair grows because this was
all kinds of crazy after surgery but it
looks good now you like it always real
good what is your style that of America
that you're getting right now girls the
Charles
it's called Charles's unoriginal and
just the certainly whatever okay what's
good yeah it's not the Bob
yay for being an adult now with my adult
haircut I look guys we think looks like
it sexy sexy haircut
I don't know I like the other one where
I just woke up and I have hair this
actually feels nice you know like where
it gets like really long where you can
think feel on the back and feels like
you have a giant mullet I was getting I
was getting into mullet status I know I
didn't realize it until I was editing
one day and then I looked at the
comments and then I looked back and it
was like oh my god I do have him all of
it fun fact I had a mullet when I was a
kid too
I'll see if I can find a photo
I didn't you think
you thought was gonna go for the
sandwich but those were easier the chips
yeah the best crimes are simple guys you
did not learn that for me what's that
what's that right there
so literally a good idea the thing is I
always bring up the camera and I always
try to steal before I do it I feel like
I need to adjust my tactics are you
having fun so much fun that's the face
of a fun dog you're going insane it
looks like they're both passed out now
this was like towards the end that's me
you Zoey and Marley we're all snoring at
the same time I don't know that's when
Marley woke up and and woke you up I
have like five minutes of this it's just
dark and you snoring because you didn't
believe so we can old man and then
whenever you're doing that I just feel
like this here you go
I just
without my back no you're actually on
your side for that no how am I gonna get
you to stop so we got to finish up with
the sign posters so we're gonna do that
tonight I might do a couple
limited-edition doodles on these
somebody actually got the hangman one
it's replied me so that was actually
kind of funny okay yeah
the butterfly the worst what somebody's
gonna get the butterfly why are you
doing four butterflies have to know that
you did four so this is the this is the
butterfly poster so I'm gonna do a nice
little star on this one it was try to
pick a start how do you make a start
yeah yeah I did it you want to do a
start this gonna be a star poster eight
pointed star
alright we'll copy this one you remember
this thing there we go guys that's such
a 90s thing to do I don't know what
those are called stupid s's Superman a
certain 90s like Genco like the traffic
always associated with like Trapper
Keepers and ginkgos somebody's gonna get
the SPECIAL unibrow one to commemorate
this because my wife dick no wait no
wait
turnabout is fair play okay this is what
I woke up to this morning ally just
shaking trees I'm trying to find a bag
worm Oh bad very crucial
you gotta get a bag word just a dog or a
stick figure
or a cow or a square thing I don't know
what this is or it's a fox you guys
might be a yeah all right so I think we
have only a couple more boxes left and
I'm gonna go get this stupid thing off
my face
this photo bombed Ally's photo trying to
move it separately can you move one
eyebrow oh yeah that's it I can't move
one I can't do that next I made you
YouTube right now so you can only move
it individually but I'd like the whole
thing brighten it wasn't Frida Frida
Kahlo but now I really want to wax your
actual unibrow idols Hartnett what I
don't have a unibrow no Josh Hartnett
he's got a nice sexy little magnesium
brow actually it was like truth like
early two-thousands I do not have a
unibrow Internet do I have a unibrow
you're so lucky I'm letting you do this
oh it's so much better
oh my god I want to punch you I'm gonna
take off front of your actual icon
that's not gonna be good oh did this
look on her face
it's really just constipation because I
want to do it right I bet it's exactly
what it was internet what do you think
doesn't look exactly the same it was a
baby's bottom
oh I don't want a baby's bottom on my
face it just sounds weird out ready
looks exactly like a dude just waiting
till I've had going on my ears old man
your hair looks good huh behold Internet
the most unspoiled dog ever that's my
favorite game just watching her try to
find the toy there's one toy in that if
she has her mind she's thinking about
the little platypus egg she doesn't know
what she wants so what do you always
forget that we put a TV out here so
where can I say I'm not saying I'm the
guy she makes me move she stands here
and stares at me until I scoot over
because she wants that pillow you want
that corner that's my corner all right
guys well it's time to go to bed I just
wanted to show you this sweet little
picture right here
there's always actually showing Marley
some affection anyway so we'll see you
guys tomorrow as always don't forget to
subscribe you guys are brand new also if
you want some of those posters go to
CTFxC merci i com
so Holly and I are just gonna hang out
with the pups right now little family
time okay maybe yeah they cool all right
guys we'll see you tomorrow daughters
with sexy
else with me
