good morning guys it is Justin's
birthday today so we have he's turning
20 to 22 again seriously I'm just like
where's the food uh I think I'm your
trolley sir I think I'm 27
yeah high-five why I this is a inspired
by her why do you come here boys
yeah this is him this is him yeah
instead of falling in love you just play
video games and curse at each other
sounds ideal so would say happy birthday
to Justin will we celebrate him a little
bit later what does the Fox say
chacha-chacha-chacha-chow
I think the contorting I wish you didn't
have a happy have you Syria are you her
walking beside you so since we had
conflicting doctor's appointments Ali's
figuring out what's going going on with
her shoulder from the MRI so today's the
big day they review my MRI for my
shoulder Lauren took me to the Emer
other yeah what is this guy called
neurologist how nightmare last night
that my shoulder was actually fractured
like a tiny little hairline fracture and
it has been this entire time and that no
one is known I'm hoping that's not what
it is I think you would have seen it on
the x-ray so the amazing shoulder got
ill what is all this crap
well that's muscle foot look at all that
I said the guy always has a little brain
that always messed with he doesn't have
the brain in this one he's got a little
skull though oh the head comes off see
how he's not here to yell at me Lauren
just looked at me and you probably
shouldn't do that there's the brain
there you go that's what the brain looks
like guys of course you guys already saw
that of mine was a little bit different
it's kind of creepy that's what they did
with me they just like took this part
off and then he started poking down
right now that doesn't look right okay
I'm getting an injection in my shoulder
I don't want this to happen but it's
gonna have to happen
what did you say adverse itis or
something yes oh that hurts okay it's
not hurting me you're lucky
it's just weird it feels like pressure
oh it's a lot of pressure are you guys
doing you enjoying the space that I'm
making this cut oh nice sheet guys like
that sorry for people who don't like
needles I probably should avoid you
sorry about that that was gross that's
not what that is I thought what this
says no what is this that's that's
something else that's not what that is
so I feel no pain but there's like fluid
there now so it's like tight I try to
move my shoulder such a weird feeling if
you guys have ever had an injection like
that let me know how you handled it I
hate needles oh I saw a pump needle I
was like oh my god he's like we're just
gonna put under your bone and I was like
no you're not don't do that how's your
shoulder
you gotta see the footage you wanna see
it no I don't want I feel myself getting
the shot I'll see you later when I bet
it is why'd you bring that home this is
terrible it's my favorite frickin thing
have a bite
nope you can have your own piece on
while I own piece Marley did somehow she
jumped over there and mega trouble my
just because Dennis is there so she
wanted to go hang out with him so he's
like how do I do it therefore so should
I get the tennis ball
get that tennis ball so she ended up
getting it wouldn't ask Marley let's go
so today we're gonna try to do a little
bit more fancy stuff with this thing
this thing is actually designed not just
to play and make Charles go yeah that's
so cool it's actually meant for
videography someone tries to do some
cool little stuff for it though I'm
actually going to try to do what it's
designed for today and not crash it I
actually bought a replacement shell for
it so what some good and not crashing it
all the time I can actually replace it
and then people actually think I'm good
alright so the ideas have Zoe Marley run
to Allie over there and then I'm going
to pan behind them with this thing
all right we see you like maybe an
eagle's nest we're gonna see if we can
get you guys above it
stick Zoey well that was kind of a fail
but loose dogs like the field alright
won't play soccer or play soccer with
the tennis ball ready 1 2 3 right hey
fake an injury fake an injury Marley you
look proud of yourself where's the stick
at this all you got left is all you have
I would like to have it back please do
that like that feel how it's bone right
there yeah hook this one that's like a
sack of fluid ha ha get a fluid sac sac
want to show him the photo we just took
we're all looking at the camera it's
very lovely and then what is she doing
derping around she's derping around
looking somewhere else derrick derp
little weirdo
that's a big-ass dick dude yeah I know
right there's a balancing act to it I
wanted to do one last run
Ali's gonna run over there that way you
guys are going to be nice and tired so
we can go out to eat for Justin's
birthday and then nothing will be
destroyed go back to crevice for
Justin's birthday is big old to seven
Ali's in crossfire right now watch your
head out Ali's gonna get a free dish
want some line
I told you to turn it down kind of
dances that does you hey is that your
cake dance that's my cake dance
I think Marley's been teaching cocoa so
bad tricks
Coco Coco was definitely raised by dogs
what you talk about me you teaching Coco
some stuff what day is today it's
Justin's birthday today
what's all have some cake and avoid some
lawsuits do it
I'm melted do it
blue no nice babyrage I tell everyone
wish Tyson some good luck he's got
surgery tomorrow right I'm gonna do a
video and just sit say stuff and update
because the goober hurt is like again
you did ACL surgery on this other back
leg
you hear it now listen and just watching
you your dad dad turned it I'm not a
giant laughing and we be doing the
suction thing I do again you close your
mouth that's pretty good if you didn't I
watched yesterday's vlog it was a doozy
that's where every wonder what this came
from uh get watch that yesterday's vlog
like 17 times a day so you wanna watch
netflix with us they do your feet warmer
okay add to the nice little case I got a
few more batteries so that way I can get
really good this time okay I'm gonna put
this little guy here there we go my
professional case be honest in the
comments getting a little bit better
right a little bit better a little bit
better like I said if you guys haven't
seen yesterday's vlog I highly recommend
if that's what happened uh do we I don't
know you put it oh I don't know now
there's whitening your teeth
ha ha ha ba ba ba ba ah robble robble
what is that from this is gonna probably
hurt as you guys can see it's pretty
pretty red and that yes I'm in my boxers
that's why you can see my butt in the
background god you're good you're doing
good just breathe just escape or even
cleaner away cleaner please if you
didn't watch us to this vlog go watch it
if you did go watch it again anyway if
you guys are brand new to the videos
don't forget to subscribe and we'll see
you guys tomorrow as always and don't
forget if you guys wanted those posters
I think they're on the site right now at
CTFxC merch calm and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
all right bye guys doodles
me with sedan taxi
with me
we're dead
- else with me
