good morning guys so it's raining right
now which is like the worst way to wake
up in the morning because it's that's
the worst way to wake up anyway because
you can hear the beautiful sound of rain
and the pull-down cool dry air pavers ah
such a relaxing relaxing sound sound of
pavers being moved around the sand
crunching between them between the but
with betwixt the pavers with anyway so
I'm gonna go back to bed because I could
I can hear the rain oh my god no a
little bit longer talk about considerate
there's a whole king-sized bed and
Marley's on the very very corner you're
very considerate Marley the furthest
part of the bed so no one commits mad at
you all the time
Alley knives bands pretty much Rooney we
first started dating that's a fun little
fact a little trivia fact about us
Rooney was like our band back in the day
that is a good mood even though we have
to go to Callie's going to the dentist
yeah I just need cookies excuse me man
did you eat a cookie like every waiting
room has the same look and the same
chairs every single time same lamp same
wallpaper same magazines same posters in
paintings have idea here ago just
realized the other day when I was
editing the looks of my hair's growing
sing-along I'm getting like a bollock
you're married to her husband with him
know it right I do things a little
different in the waiting room never mind
the magazines upside down those are
Ali's teeth very little dentals they
kind of do the big toes or the kernels
of corn if corn in your teeth oh so is
this gonna be on YouTube could have been
that cookie ate earlier her chip-to-chip
skip possibly tortilla chips from
Tijuana what are the ratio of people
saying they actually do Foss
but it's my name she's gonna know if
you're lying
yeah that's that was my next segment
that I can tell now she almost has me
fool
I do get fooled by it son there's hardly
any plaque on her teeth which means
she's a great brush sure what about you
Internet do you floss because they know
don't lie so weird the distinct smell
it's a really distinct everything dude
when you get that they put up a really
gritty paste everywhere and then when
they
rinse it or what or where they have the
thing like the sucker and the raiders a
very good thing the section makes me
laugh and then you close your mouth okay
yeah that's a pretty good impression
actually I've never been afraid of the
dentist because I've always gone to this
place I've gone here since I was
literally ten years old so this year too
I was prepared for a rainstorm or flood
I hate going grocery shopping in the
middle the day there's so many people
this is why I always go like five
minutes before they close
or even sometimes a poor a green today
there's public making fun of you I think
it's cute so I know I've been flying
this thing a lot lately past three or
four days but I have something new I
want to do I'm gonna try to fly it or
like squirrel friend and see what they
do
let's go do squirrel friend girls
Oh
fine all right we got a little flyaway
on that one
right am i so we had to stop a little
early because we had a flyaway that's
what happens when there's like glue like
low GPS like satellites so rather than
losing it into the street just try to
turn it off for now I'm editing oh come
on you want to get it you gonna do it
okay
well then stop well if they're not gonna
do any better give me a couple of
minutes okay
sleeping Shh okay well you know he cares
he's so rude ally just got home and I
didn't notice that this was on my face
and the camera when I was editing with
the camera I mean the little helicopter
went over it was filming just hit pause
hit play
you're so stupid my god yeah bushes like
maybe fall so that's what I did today
and then Marley yelled at me oh oh
you're quite the judge I jumped off a
moving golf cart that's very true
remember this how many fences have I
fallen off off of I don't know but this
was the first time you've landed on your
face on concrete one workout time Zoey
how's my face is it swollen so tonight
we're going on a double date with
Lindsay and Danny and I think we may
have beat them beating them I'm not sure
Ally I think we're winning gotta hurry
up lip gloss
I might need some girls hate the plus
chapstick and lip gloss worst things in
the world
all right gonna be partying right there
okay but the glass goes like this so
there's like three ounces in there we're
doing double date tonight yeah I agree
it works whether they give you a bunch
of Fritos all right so see end of the
video and I just want to say good night
to guys look at all these pretty flowers
and yeah I have to say pretty stupid of
me to do what I did today if anything I
could be a person of less than a what
not to do
actually I just found this out to take
this out take my shoulder that's a nice
little lesson too
the posters are back on the site if you
guys didn't know at CTFxC merch calm you
can go and get the posters Princess
Bride minis the diving down is what's
the machine called this is just called
the machine the machine that makes me
feel really bad pain internet helped her
out I have no idea what you're talking
like when he gets beat like not being
bitten by her us's and then they find it
and they put him on the machine this
genuinely hurts I believe it is great
that oh I want to punch something right
now okay Internet you can make fun of me
today you get your permission feel like
I've been named giving them permission
to make fun of me a lot lately do you
think I was wearing a long sleeve shirt
yeah you got all your long sleeve shirts
stuck in your frickin wound now cuz you
didn't clean it right away
I didn't know was there I'll see you
guys tomorrow as always I was going to
be finishing green a little florist I
would show you guys how awkward this is
logging right now that's how I'm holding
the camera right now alright we'll see
you guys tomorrow as always have a great
night and thank you for watching okay
you see what you did too
we're sexy
gonna say
let's go
