shipping out signed posters that's how
we roll today look at this I'm actually
wearing a nice shirt today to mark it
probably the only times in the vlog
other than when I got married that I'm
wearing a nice button-up shirt got to do
it so I just got a nice little letter
from the American brain-tumor
Association from the check that you guys
helped us write they were just saying
how blown away you guys are for helping
us do this so I just wanted to show you
guys that they sent us a nice little
thank-you a little memo girls want to go
to the soccer field you have no idea
where you going is this here go look
okay
what you said go well going somewhere
we're going somewhere
I don't care where it is so my dad's
here he wants to go fly a little
helicopter so we're gonna take the dogs
this time excited huh
are you excited too so my dad and I are
going to the soccer fields now we
decided to bring Zooey Marley yep you're
going we're gonna fly this baby again
you know the whole the reason why I'm
gonna get that the only way I'm gonna
get good at this is if I practice makes
better remember guys practice makes
better is your first time flying oh yeah
I'm flying and I'll watch yeah I can fly
it I'll crash it can't crash it more
than I did it I crash it in the house
All Right girls ready to do this you
played soccer they love this field
already
holy crap you guys you guys literally
hit the top of those lights and still
saved it was that fun sorry for the
other montage guys I tell I get better
at this thing I feel like I need to keep
practicing and to be completely honest
has been cooled we so hope you guys
enjoy to another montage those Connie my
dad was like how high does it go I'm
like just wait and I just throttled it
up he's like holy it just goes so I'm
definitely gonna be bringing that on
tour bars like give attention to Marley
daddy chased me with a quadcopter what
you do is very mean Kobe got a chicken I
got a chicken look at Tyson I got a
chicken how you feeling buddy it's fun
it's like when you squeaking toy I look
at my laces like I need attention now
Marley you're not going home you are not
going home with them my boy Marley come
on we got your chicken dude very go on a
date yes you're ready so good on date
hungry so weird
no this was way too much look at the
camera I don't know why that just did
that I had way too much come under the
package it's just eyeshadow primer but
it's too much later I'm Lucy no kebab is
barnacle I was for his last time we had
a date
time ago then we had a date that the
other date night but it wasn't just us
two Oh cuz date night with Cory knew
this is a bad bar together this can't
get too much Fred
Boyle it's all of ours it is wait wait
wait say it one more time would you say
I'm from you Paul how much red is left
that screw it I'm breaking my diet kid
it was that I was now she's waking up
I'll get up a little bit do we have dogs
anymore mark it on the Internet is this
the first time we've come home and
Marley and Zoe both are completely quiet
I don't feel like these are our dogs
Lauren and Dennis did some surgery on
their vocal cords yeah
what are you doing kitty cat it's
raining it's raining now do Ally's shoes
stink I've been telling her that for
years
but didn't do it that's smiling it's
worse than you smile there we go
don't laugh don't laugh relax relax okay
no you got to make him more like that
just like harsh me with your name I
don't know how to do it I don't know how
is you would punch someone but more like
leave it up seem louder how big my hand
is my hands would cover your face you
like that part and just leave it there
no not that part that part hurts that
part like that
like no wait wait
put this middle finger up a little bit
and only use those two fingers hey bet
but these two down and that one up that
way creates a little bit of a pocket so
make it off not hard to smooth this
you're doing a little glove like that no
like this practice
I'm Michael no I don't want to do I
remember that that was actually banned
from our look throughout the game Jess
if you want to slap your sister yeah
like that doesn't hurt before you're
like punching my face off whoo-hee then
it's go me and my friend Hannah please
anything opposed Hannah your friend
Hannah please introduce me this friend
Hannah I don't know introduce
you guys know who Han is whenever we
used to pass each other and like going
to class or something one of us would
just like it's free game will you just
wrap and go gut check and do that and
hit not punch but not like smack like a
check you know I'll throw up on you how
much do you want to have ravioli all
over you I will do it hard
there you got right now no one no you're
done you slap me really hard it's not
fair no sorry what Jake you blocked it
so he's like do I need a stop don't need
to stop this you need to stop before you
get hurt before I get hurt before you
get hurt stop it did I hit my daddy
but check let me get in on this do your
impressions of Marley okay so if this is
Zoey whenever it's always playing in
front of Marley Marley doesn't look at
her she goes like this it's one of those
step up bro step up right Internet
everyone say oh they hope that Lauren
feels better she's curled up in the
little fetal fetus position right now
give it to your mom she got a little
catnap look Zoe don't forget to bring a
towel all right guys well it's time to
go to bed hope you guys enjoyed today's
video it's an intense time at the trippy
house why snack it snack time
don't forget to subscribe to guys are
brand new and I'll see you guys tomorrow
as always
with CTFxC
which
they'll switch
let's go
