good morning guys why are we doing this
again
day two yep because we like to live our
life on the edge on the edge by putting
the windows down is that a theory like I
can that is it better if you're running
out of gas to have the air on or is that
I hear that if you put the windows down
it uses more because there's more more
drag on the core what do you think
Internet so all you internet engineers
is better have the windows down or the
air-conditioning on well I think take
your phones on mom just a guess it's
ringing
that's a voicemail that's a ringtone
it's a voicemail ready all right ready
Internet round two
right for blast-off
three two one
I'll give up people the class can you
just turn it now turn it turn it slowly
though I did it's facing those clouds
right now master of the controls yeah
guys I gotta bring it back
look how fast the winds are speaking
that the alien drone is coming down for
a landing try to land it smoothly
oh my god that's mind-blowing blows my
mind is nothing to land itself
right
alright I'm done the wind keeps killing
you guys we're done well this thing is
actually pretty durable the wind took it
a couple times so we learned a little
lesson never fly it in the real wind
we're gonna try here in a baseball field
a little safer
are you guys alright piloting don't let
it fly away get a remind this guys
always tell me to do this in a field
otherwise I'm just gonna crash it every
time I want to try to get it in the
clouds alright don't crash the
helicopter like me okay I'll get there
you guys are flying it over the freaking
pond or something I don't know if you
guys can tell in that one clip I was
actually chasing the the birds there was
a bird up there and I was actually
chasing it I'm walking and going at the
little a-hole she chased another bird
little neighborhood watch you ready to
make a nest for a bunch of birds
zowie nest all that hair coming off
starting to think Zoe's German Shepherd
not a hunt away I'm starting to think
it's like a German Shepherd in a
Rottweiler just because our coat her
coat is so freaking like the undercoat
especially like right there you can make
for several birds nest
we couldn't clone another Zoe good thing
we got those Zoe dolls coming out so we
don't have to clone you well day two and
I'm surprised we still haven't killed
this thing so I'm putting it back in
it's a little hobby hole okay Zoe
protect it and then I have a the case
now I have Zoe's a protector I'll have
to ask guys how long do you think this
is gonna last me until it breaks given
my circumstances - don't count today it
was just too windy right Zoe okay
I'm going this way now all right we're
gonna put this guy away gonna lock it up
penis random flips out of context so I
gotta get back on the juicing diet it
kind of got off a little bit it's just
because of traveling and stuff like that
are in fact the healthy Charles must
kill
shut up fridge
I don't like told you guys because I
always leave the fridge open we got the
new fridge I made sure that it had like
an alarm to yell at me every single time
because because I'm that type of person
who can't remember the frickin closed
fridges so I was putting all the food
away and I noticed I only had one dog
and Ally is out there cleaning so I
walked out and I just got to show you
cute this is now he's not here cleaning
look at Zoe what are you doing Zoe okay
now
like I love you too you guys are booked
thank you
I forgot how much Marley likes that
talk about spoiled
Oh
Ali look you're right see here's the
carrots to have a carrot please a hero
that dog now comes running with jeers
carrots and now treats this is your
little butt there what'd you find worms
aren't that the stereotype a worm a worm
to me back that looks like a fucking
spider we'll put in a ziploc and throw
it away don't destroy it in the bread I
use that apple looks fine
I'm sure the Apple is fine it's fine so
we got another batch of posters a sign
or we got to finish out the batch there
Lawrence Hercules people are asking when
these are gonna be back on the website I
think it's gonna be Monday no yeah I
think it's actually gonna be Monday Ali
doesn't know she doesn't listen so I
actually think they'll be on CTFxC merch
this Monday wait listen
Oh farted after I jumped on his back
what's wrong Marley it's not that bad
what are you having a seance in here Ali
What's Wrong mama come on it doesn't
stink that bad guys wanna watch a movie
yeah you want watch a movie oh did you
just fall over
what are you okay I'm sorry I have to
put on the internet no one's gonna make
fun of you there you think you're cute
as long as you're okay all right no
bigger fan of Marley she's very
sensitive
yeah they won't mess with you I know
well I think it's time for some movie
times Xbox go to Netflix someone's
texting me where's my phone
somebody is basically my free month of
Netflix that I have to watch a movie eh
you guys told me to watch it's called
movie 43 I've heard good and bad things
but I figured I'd watch it tonight just
like I always say when we talk about
movie night if you guys always wanted to
try Netflix but just never had the
chance to do it let's go to Netflix calm
sighs CTFxC it gives you a free
one-month trial and it helps up the
CTFxC our show and let's do crazy things
let us get awesome little gadgets that
we can fly you guys up in the air and
fun stuff like doubt alright girls let's
do this so obviously we know there's
other URLs for free Netflix but if you
use that Netflix comsat CTFxC one it
helps us out and make the CTFxC and
internet killed television better and
more fun so I just wanted to let you
guys know just a little reminder yeah so
I just want to let you guys know if you
want to use it I mean you don't have to
I just wanted to give you guys a little
heads up alright
I'm gonna watch this movie now alright
guys what's time to go to bed I just
have to say that movie you guys
recommended pretty effing weird but if
you guys have any other TV shows or like
movies that are on Netflix let me know
in the comments I'm gonna watch more
even though that one was pretty fucked
up I really hope you guys enjoy today's
video with all the flying of the
helicopter and the crashing I will get
better I promise I'll see you guys
tomorrow as always don't forget to
subscribe to guys for brand new I love
you guys see you tomorrow toodles
see what you did sense
with sexy
- else with
let's go
