good morning guys today is MRI day ready
what is that when are we ever not like
having issues getting somewhere for
employment I already like really
stressed out like I've been awake since
I don't even know how are they freaking
out about this now I don't have gas and
I'm gonna be late if I stopped to get
gas if I don't stop I'm gonna be fine
and I might make it it's one of those
things like one of those puzzles like
how do you like what like choose your
own adventure you're given a certain
amount of things we have time and we
have a mileage and gas which do we use
to get to where we need to be in time do
we risk we're to risk we're gonna risk
gas how'd it go fine I had the coffee no
no don't do it
I wasn't as small as you thought it was
huh it was very small actually well it
allows you imagine such a like
terrifying like magnets right human
instinct is like don't do it it's like
this loud big machine and then you get
like trapped in a tiny space and you
can't move like everything about that
it's like counter what I want to do is
he here I always wanted to see what it
would look like without all the the
casing because I want to know what the
magnets do and if it's just like
flinging around I feel like it's
probably just going and like it's um
probably moving because taking a slice
of like every little thing is like a
slice I feel like it's so crazy
technology it was so she made me listen
to John Mayer and I was like oh God
that wasn't a John Mayer you get a
choice that would have been worse for me
oh my god yeah my my guys have always
been cool they always put like punk rock
Suffolk's strung out not relaxing I just
was I felt the whole time like I was
like
like I was just totally rigid the entire
got a little present for you guys
you can pause the screen alright ready
there you go pause the screen there's
some little free apps for the
here's some more get for a coffee
there's my iPad falling down to the
ground got a little reward for not
freaking out a little bit well then give
me half of that it did you freak out no
it was my first one in there but I
actually wanted ok Bon Jovi declared the
correct answer is did you freak out no
then give me half of it if you don't
freak out you get the whole thing oh it
did you freak out ever there you go get
the whole thing now ok give me half of
it hmm I got a mess ok market right now
every time I eat in the car I made sure
I don't make a mess got wet on my jeans
did I picked it right up
excuse me also who cleans the car you do
right there we go hey cleaning cars
picking up packages picking up packages
I love when I get packages
it's like Christmas but on a Wednesday
or Friday say Friday it's not Wednesday
this is the case for this remember the
quadcopter it sent me the new one
already so hopefully we can fly that
later today and I double checked this
one is not broken this time I lose
everything
supposedly this thing is kind of dummy
proof he'll we'll see I don't know if
it's Charles proof though dummy proof is
still that's still a great higher than
charles proof as we've learned in the
past all right so we're gonna go fly
this baby or just try - almost forgot
the battery typical Charles thing right
there alright dude you're going for
flight alright Internet ready to go
flying Jesus
all right
I think you should bring it down now
because I don't want to follow my head
turn em into the Sun so I can't do that
the birds
but this is crazy this thing is like
GLaDOS or something it's like something
right out of portal
it's really creepy I I mean I like it
it's cool but it's also like really
terrify
it is what yeah it's like it's like some
kind of really scary hey I think how was
your first point that was fucking
awesome why did I have one of these was
a kid kids nowadays are so fucking lucky
that's right so I need to buy more bad
how was the flight guys have fun I was
getting bit like oh no oh no there are
tons of them be careful
do you ants in your pants
scratchy fancy that was one of the
coolest things I've ever got like done
as far as a toy that's a toy guy's a
professional toy don't do that at home
after an afternoon of flying and see how
the pilots get so hungry after flying
through the sky like that you ready to a
pilot now try and see that that's the
old pilot
just coming through the door okay look
at that but no one here funny story
my grandfather stabbed my dad for like
doing stuff like that that's not fun
Danna she took my freakin napkins
grandpa like stabbed my dad trellis
trippy's senior down the third the
original the og the Original Gangster
alright so the goal is to make a custom
case for this baby
there we go we got a nice little home
for the Phantom thanks to Dennis Dennis
has patience because mine I would have
just ripped everything out I think Allie
would have to now we could take this guy
on the road and we could fly it over the
shows as promised we begin signing the
posters careful careful
so you ready to sign they sent some
posters my god
this is what I did the my room when I
was a kid girls come on give me a break
Kairo uh a heart or mine now we'll have
one special one this is Charles has a
heart on his the one special person is
gonna get hurt but at the end of the but
one special person is gonna get the but
signature I'm gonna try to find it if
you find the butt signature tweet him a
picture and you get a shirt yeah
actually that's actually true I will
give you a shirt I want to do a little
special ones I'm gonna draw I'm gonna
draw what's right job I used to know how
to draw a strong bad can't do that
anymore I'm gonna draw a stick figure I
feel like is unique are you writing it
on the end of your name that's like a
hangman it's like you kill them okay
whoever gets this one tweet me too so I
hope you guys enjoyed today's video
I definitely got that helicopter so we
can try different things for the vlogs I
don't know if some ideas what we can
actually do with it
so if you guys have any ideas please
tell me in the comments some places we
should try to like film with it just
anything I mean honestly it's fun for me
I'm not gonna lie not gonna lie but I
also got it so bring the vlogs more
entertaining and interesting and don't
forget to subscribe because we're brand
new and I'll see you guys tomorrow as
always
with sexy
they'll switch
let's go
