obviously you guys know disregard the
morning masks by Ali we wanted to show
you guys the finished product for the
room and for the office sorry I've
already started putting stuff away but I
wanted to make sure I showed it to you
guys before I actually completed it I
started putting stuff so the chair back
and the mirror but it looks so much
bigger you like it diesel I definitely
until the dogs liked it but it looks
amazing this is kind of what it looks
like before you start putting everything
in here I swear it feels like we have so
much more room it's kind of blowing my
mind but it just flows so beautifully
and hang on oh look no more carpet and
then the office so then we're gonna get
this all fixed up to now I'm gonna get
back to work and I'm going to start
putting everything away and I am so
excited to see it when everything's back
to normal
since last night was kind of a party
night Ali and I can do a lot of
exercising today so we're borrowing
water first I don't trust you you want
blue or green
it's always fun doing this one-handed
huh it's just so big taking up that
whole space this cannonball bed
Kate the he-man over there going into
the storm probably not the smartest
thing to do we're just saying the
scariest part about this is that this is
completely black water oh I'm not gonna
be drinking out of that now
hopefully we'll need water that's um
there's two of them some massive dogs I
think they're masters no pun intended I
think it's stuck in this stupid storm
now it's it's coming in quick I'm trying
I'm trying to vlog do this at the same
time I don't know what's more important
you're right
oh yeah
and just like that the storm was gone
that weird yeah Florida watch it so we
survived
Ali saw a dolphin she thought she saw a
shark well I couldn't tell because of
the way that it was acting at first it
looked like a great way it's looked at
her great way it was a great white
goody-goody like at first I didn't see
like the fan I saw like this like big
splash and fluster in the water nothing
what and then I saw a little grain oh my
god
and then I saw the fan of stuff and then
you were like and I was like oh
we just put you guys and you're spinning
and you're spinning and you're spinning
okay so we are all doing the competition
we have Ally
Ben Brian Chris what Chris is that oh
that's Chris Chris Martin Danny Duncan
they have myself then we have Megan
Melissa then Missy and then we have my
friend Robert and then we have Valentina
and out of everyone I'm winning I love
this thing now be ally ally has 1091 we
just trash-talk each other now every
time somebody does like a three-mile run
we're like where to go champ
or a Leo do point like two miles because
she forgot the start and stop it or
something like that and then Daniel
sends something like sarcastic too but
it's long
yeah so fun though I just want to find
more of my friends that have this that
we can trash talk to them too I'm
winning watch this like shining on our
house
that's pretty cool though poor Marley
you wanna show him what she's doing okay
so Marley was totally fine and then I
said she had to get a bath and that
watched our stability yeah limping now
all what itself like you live what thank
you thank you
oh there she did it look at her she's so
fine she said she doesn't want to do
something that's what - used to doing I
know are you you just see what about it
sounds thanks babe you're not doing come
on you got done yeah
I cannot wait no pants dance we're
slowly getting the house yeah right we
are slowly getting our our house back
and my chaos and feeling weird so what
we're gonna do for a while until Rica
can start running around is we're gonna
give her the office so we were making
her a little cat house that way cuz
right now she's temporarily in here
because it's so it's so small and she's
getting bigger and bigger so we decided
this would be smarter so and now that we
have hardwood floors is really very
little that she can mess up so I'm gonna
try to knock this out that way we can
bring her back in this is before mess
getting there so looks a little clutter
but that's just because we have some
stuff we got a donate oh now we have
that it's chilling and that one I was a
sewing alley every time I see this
stupid pizza pillow I always want pizza
and every time I see my pizza tattoo I
always want pizza it's actually quite
the curse get in there
actually I don't think I fully showed
you guys I'm sorry those I was jumping
the guy gotta jump the gun can't do that
just a timeout now that it's October the
seasons the seasons I want to say the
the mild amount of seasons that we have
in Florida are starting to happen and I
think Ally is starting to get a cold
tell no pants on
yeah her mom had 105 degree 180 nation
ready 2 3 4 focus because this stuff
takes like crap 9 10 which is really
kind of funny that there's yeah I
suppose have 28 drops the most specific
amount that I've ever heard this is
gonna be so gross oh by the way ever
since I fixed the dryer are our clothes
are drying perfectly and it's it's a
very rewarding situation considering the
sitter's gonna cost $400 or a brand new
dryer in order to do that it was like no
it's like five hundred dollars for just
a stupid part that was just the part
yeah and then the service in the labor
what was just been the same or we would
just had to I lost count 13 14 you want
to come and take this shot of echinacea
you spry come over here can your party
throw it up alright there you go there's
a little bit of lemon it's gonna be the
grossest thing ever
doesn't it make your it's tangy it's
like tingling right no that means I'm
pretty good at making echinacea shots
the next time you're sick call me up
and the puppy comes out we are trying to
fit things with this little kitty and
we're noticing that she kind of likes
reggae
she's a reggae kitty it calms her down
what do you want to listen you want to
listen to some we the kings yeah your
dad's band mm-hmm oh I know I know you
love me and then just like that the
kingdom was restored oh my god I love
cleanliness I know there's like a few
things like you're gonna have to
disregard those the kingdom that's come
to order
Oh whoo I love it Zota and I came in to
hang out with Rika and edit and she's
insane cat is getting crazier and
crazier and she freaking loves blinky
over there
you're being so patient so patient it's
such a good dog those crazy eyes okay
please cut her eyes she's gonna attack
yeah no lip huh
yeah there's no more living
these are these more annoying than the
back
this is this is an exciting day after
all this time and chaos we got our
living room back I'm gonna show you now
that the bedroom is done I can show you
how awesome it looks doing this floor it
was the smartest thing I think we've
ever done other than potentially getting
the pool I think actually some of the
things we've done in this house
I think we've improved quite a lot so
obviously the first thing we did we
moved in was we put that guy in second
thing is this third thing will hopefully
be the pool out there so what do you
guys think the hardwood floors or the
carpet do you think we made a good
decision think we made the best decision
ever it just feels so much brighter than
that carpet just creasing up and I don't
know like what it was doing what it was
just crumpling up and then you know like
every time you have carpet like there's
always like a faint smell
you know like in dirt and hair and all
that fun stuff anyway I hope you enjoyed
today's video don't forget to subscribe
and I will see you tomorrow as always
bye guys
good night
