good morning CTFxC so today is a non ER
day Ali feels great so that you feel
better yeah so we're going to Danny's
house and drop it off the poster so he
can sign the we the kings poster then
I'm picking up all the CDs and signing
all the CDs I'm gonna teach Charles how
not to yell every time he vlogs you guys
prefer me yelling its enunciated that's
not that's vol there's nothing to do
with that none CH what it's just in case
somebody on the internet is not able to
hear me their speakers might be broken
when you yell I feel like I can
understand you less because you're kind
of like slurring your words into one
like a little yeah anyway then I gotta
go to the UPS Store and mail back that
stupid quadcopter have it for thick
everything just falling apart right now
check them out
go check the mail and then we gotta
start signing of I have to tell you guys
then we got to start signing the family
posters we're gonna I asked you guys on
Twitter the last couple days if we
should bring back the posters and you
guys unanimously said we should so we
have a bunch of posters to sign us out
no Ali says no I say no with a grumpy
face like an old old man grumpy face me
cat don't be cat anyway so we're
bringing back the family signed posters
so we got to do those today then we got
to set up all Ali's new equipment to
make sure it works because the
quadcopter is broken
I wonder if or anything else is broken
just got the Danny's and Danny's the CD
store yeah your CD Baby they came out
really good you stealing one do you buy
that ma'am get him King
Oh congratulations to Danny you get your
Dinkas yet yeah which ones did you get I
actually the ones that are really wide
at the bottom of the quarry 50 inches
yeah yeah and it has a mammoth on the
back right yeah I remember that don't
ask me why I know that see how fast I
can do it
cough cough cough cough cough cough
cough cough coughing up sail faster you
can do it that's what is your linguist
and you speak Spanish three tongues
faster I think so coffee coffee coffee
coffee I should have some coffee and
then try again can you admit now that
your sense of direction is not as good
as mine no it's my sense of direction is
good but for a second it's like
recalculate it's like my GPS is like
recalculating your compass is all goofed
up well no could you wanted to get
coffee so I turned the way that I don't
normally go and I was like I mean it's a
figure eight my brain no mom mom thought
Travis was in the car
so my friend Sarah just said say this
out loud so right now guys say this out
loud wherever you are quickly quickly
we'll play a game Internet we're trying
to figure this out right now how many
berries can you guys name right now
yeah I can't name the ball so here's
some fun news I was just waving because
a nice person just let us in that's not
the fun news but I just got an email
from our manager remember last year I
was telling you guys that because of you
guys say you like me our song last year
went gold and platinum in Australia our
platinum plaque is on the way and he's
just sent the the mock-up it looks so
freakin cool I want to show you guys I
want to wait until it actually gets here
I cannot wait to show you guys my first
platinum record high five first we're
hopefully definitely not hopefully
definitely not to last
I like when I do that like probably
definitely love you guys ever do that
kind of stuff I prepare yourself guys
once you see this you can't unsee it and
I'm gonna show it to you I posted a
picture of my sister and myself when we
were kids
on my Instagram it's only been on
probably an hour this is already
happening ready
what are you guys doing are you gonna do
I go first off alright okay ready we
haven't done that a while that's the
whole time you ready to go alright guys
wanna go let's go hello so he sits this
is a goofball
Evan fine don't make fun of me this
feels like forever since we've done this
guys doesn't it little golf cart ride
hanging out so I wanted to play with you
guys in the comments say the color of
the pants you're currently wearing and
the last thing you possibly ate so my
would be currently black chicken Caesar
salad wrap
that would be allowed to hit alleys I
think would be blue Cuban sandwich was
actually it's kind of cool so in the
comments tell me your band name be
protecting mommy yeah okay so you keep
back officer
so today I am trying to figure out the
office stuff because we got all that
equipment I need to make sure it all
works there's a green screen lighting I
think it's all in there
okay this should be easy right alright
those would be those are see correct
let's screw this up it's like freaking
three things I have to do Oh
manly man oh like that
manly man you know Eric you wanna see
something funny sorry poor sister yes I
do i I live here so I'm here pretty
often find personal bollworm what give
me an angle right here no like up Oh
what is this I don't worm you're a worm
I don't think I understand what's
happening
do I look like a worm oh you're quick
like Wickard Zoe that is not for walking
that is for filming you know what's
funny is that when I first came here I
ever bought barley feed on yeah she
thought brass no I'm pretty sure she
knew what it was and she was just being
Marley aka a dick why do I have an extra
piece so we just I'm out with Becca who
I miss dearly she's going back to work
and school and all that business I don't
get so much the keys around
come out and grab a drink or two and
some dessert so we just order a brownie
this is what we just got and this like
older woman walked up to us and she was
like that's what I would eat if I had a
broken heart and I was like that's weird
another thing that Becca just pointed
out because she's smart is that their
fourth spoon
I think it's oh yes I just farted I did
it
fart was from excitement and I hardly
got the green-screen part on wait where
the stands did not come with stands yeah
duh fuck
well that was a fail as you guys saw
that was a rectangle not a square and
this green screen is a square this is
supposed to be a square how do you like
a square out of a rectangle
I hate geometry excuse me silly dog I'm
almost done then I could play with you
please don't pee on there please don't
puke on there either last one where's
the last Pole
I am definitely not collapsing this
thing this thing is definitely staying
up I think I may have gotten a couple
feet too big looks good though this guy
forgot a store it now and where the
stands so worth the stands what is going
on I don't know who should go in there
remember how earlier today said we're
gonna do this the family posters we're
gonna sign them again because I'm
Twitter you guys told us we should do
these are all the posters right here so
we got to get to those but today I have
to actually sign the we the kings CDs
because those have to go to Travis so
those are on a deadline I can do these
later so these will be on the site later
I will definitely let you guys know wait
I have an idea contest I want to stand
in front of this thing I want you guys
to come up with the funniest thing
possible alright okay here we go I'm in
front of green screen do something funny
with it
all right so this is what I'm doing
today I'm signing all these C booklets I
don't know if you guys saw it you guys
haven't seen it that means you have to
buy the album see these all the thank
yous of you guys helping with the
IndieGoGo so we put all your names
literally every single person's name
that helped us as my face I'm not
showing you guys everything you got to
get the album all done
alright so we the Kings signs us 600 CDs
about 1500 posters and then tomorrow we
start the CTFxC family posters if you
have no idea what I'm talking about
I'll show you these these posters are
coming back and if you knew these are
the we the kings posters I signed like
three days ago just to bring everyone in
the nice little full circle now I need
to eat so I'm losing my mind
can you tell addicted good buddy I'm
about 17 or 18 percent in Assassin's
Creed Black Flag and the storyline it
sucked me in the other assassins creed
that I couldn't get into it I would
always get really bored wait wait shut
up guys alright I gotta focus am i
ignoring Joey
apparently I was ignoring Zoey too much
sorry Zoey am i ignoring you and for bed
all right Internet time to go to bed
I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
hope you enjoyed today's video don't
forget to subscribe if you guys are
brand new I say that all the time but a
lot of people are new to these videos
and if you're new don't forget to click
the little subscribe button and we'll
see you guys tomorrow always doodles
with CTFxC
- ants with me
let's go
