good morning guys so tally woke up all
night she was having this weird
abdominal pain so we're going to the ER
I probably just have to poop I'm just
nervous because it's the same pain that
was happening the last time a couple
years ago yeah I told her if there's any
pain at all we're just definitely gonna
go this time it's not me though we're
going for Ally so I got the computer so
I can edit you ready what is happening
you're falling apart oh my god
emergency ready no I don't want to be
here you'll be fine honey
don't worry about it dude it'll be ill
soon
look it's a blue Ted look at its deep
what why is it blue you sir have a goofy
face that is definitely I think a
pufferfish definitely I think hello Nemo
hello dory just keep swimming just keep
swimming on the other side like a jerk
it's about dinnertime to the fish oh
yeah oh my god are pushing it for shrimp
they're crazy
oh there he goes look at me no he was
getting down over there good that looks
kind of a pufferfish oh he's got a big
old piece I don't think anybody's gonna
mess with this guy you know once he's
got armor these two guys are trying to
figure out how to get the crab leg hey
yeah Donny you think if we get that crab
leg out of there
yeah Jimmy just give me a second I'm
working on it okay if you mark it out
I'll get half okay no you don't get half
you get like 20% you know what deal okay
Danny almost got it one more push make
around the other side don't tell me what
to do so Ally's currently peeing a
bottle I just noticed there's that sock
and there's this sock I'm stylin I'm
stylin she's done peeing
do you guys remember when I was in rehab
and I peed on that guy's hand wait did I
tell you guys that I don't know if I did
but the guy said he would help and I
peed all over he held the cup I peed all
of his hand
we didn't look we didn't look at each
other's eyes rest of time he around no
better
get ice-cold pita dananddana gotta put
your little gown on sexy Couture it
hospital Couture again who are you
wearing
oh this is uh ER wait what is this the
ER winter line is Amit that's 100%
cotton 100% cotton would say very
festive print back lashing people so
this is weird and unfortunate but I
think I know how you feel when it's the
opposite now how you feeling
not very good I just lay down
ah QR you would be in the emergency room
don't be sassy right it might give you
some some stuff that might knock you out
fun man remember that girl on drugs
every day that I got addicted to the
Kardashians I was on so many drugs I was
like famous Oh funny I remember I had to
watch the whole time and they weren't
funny bye
I felt everything was hilarious it feels
like someone's died at me all join well
they kind of did
you see this guy keep away from vampires
baby that's your blood right here just
chilling oh sure the magic that's jus
blood looks like that is black like my
heart I hate when they do it in here I
can feel it in there and that's gross it
is so gross there's nothing in there
there's a plastic tube in there it'll
keep bland why she keep looking at it
I'm trying to train my mind to be strong
this is where you hurt and I'll just
keep poking you there I don't even feel
that anymore cuz this is bothering look
they fixed you alright Internet let's
take an eye test PE z o LC f TD I'll I
got some snazzy socks
these are the best socks ever I found
the storage there in here I just want to
steal a whole bunch of them
Ali was like I don't know if I want to
like get the socks aren't you glad you
got him got some goop going in you know
open right now they haven't opened it no
it was open G I think she closed it
while I was that's open Strickland yep
is it dribbling dribbling oh we see
dribbling well you can't jam it in if
that's the worst part yeah I mean you
got a while hon you wanna just go rip it
out why he ripped out your catheter God
let's not relive that Chris smirking
over there worst pain I've ever had my
entire life never do that ever
I wonder for what suck just is bad for a
woman you don't have a smaller actually
yours I think is longer well many of
ours is short yeah it is oh maybe um
okay obviously you have a dick I'm
saying like for like the woman's it goes
up in your body right it this is just
yes it's not a TMI yeah guys it's
hospital business it's priceless
knowledge then a dick is longer than a
vagina damn straight
how old you are Oh gross she has no
loopy drugs yet that's a faint face
you're at right now
confused pain alright let's let's see
what that was either confused pain face
um I think it's number four three or
four okay but do it again
I'm confused like this that's exactly
how you feel right now yes you have
times like this you're scrunching a
little bit all right that is the
difference you could be a three or four
or five or six
yes here what's going on his ladies
pounding
well now I don't feel bad I look like I
happen to like you know I always feel
weird when I go like for random things
we're not for random things I don't go
to the ER all the time but I just always
get nervous like I don't know how to
explain it when I go in I feel like oh I
don't have pain anymore I feel like I'm
wasting their time I don't feel as bad
you're being nice
yeah I'm not throwing things or pounding
on the glass you know I don't like about
hospitals how everything is read would
you normally you don't want to turn that
off right like okay if I switch this
switch off will it shut the entire
hospital it's like in the bathroom too
like in the bathroom on the bathroom I
don't want to do it I did it okay I did
it
you feel better no hurts again yeah I
just this hurts more so now this is the
only thing that's bothering me I'll
punch in the stomach if you want don't
feel your weight you're not weird
no not wasted right now not with you I
just said her arms feel 440 pounds they
feel really I mean I'm not weird see
your fish days there's not only doing
uncanny the bass impression put on your
clothes route of here did dent antenna
not exactly the most sexy thing putting
on uh-oh this doesn't turn you on the
belly could not have this the hospital
suck you've always been curious what
maroon 5 was always talking about when
pay phone this is one of those ancient
things this is a pay phone the most
discussed discussing vile germ-infested
thing ever
yes so I just got frozen yogurt for the
first time pretty much ever
good god this stuff is expensive well
you gotta be filled it up to the literal
edge I didn't know what it's doing but I
got sugar-free strawberry oh damn it
darling okay sweet oh yeah drop it
get him darling lay on his face lay on
his face she's gonna Bonin around
she dropped like drooling all over daddy
get him again Ali is watching MRI
machines cuz she didn't believe me that
it sounded like dubstep if you guys
always wonder what the MRI sounds like
that's what it sounds like
that one's freaky on each side so loud
I'll see if they think we're portraying
them yeah I like my hat I thought was
stylish no what did you do this is what
she only does when she did some bad home
sweet home
so today was kind of a crazy day how you
feeling I'm okay
better just annoyed by you annoyed cuz I
don't like when I don't have like an
answer so we went to the ER her kidneys
her gallbladder her spleen her pancreas
her liver all those things are fine
that's great news and I'm very happy
about that but I do they told me that I
have another cyst on my right ovary this
time but that they don't think that's
what's causing the pain so they're like
we can't really do anything
oh yay I was gonna follow up with
another doctor anyway thanks for
watching today's video it's always nice
to bring you guys along it definitely
helps us kind of cope with stuff like
this so thank you again don't forget to
subscribe you guys are brand new and
we'll see you guys tomorrow as always
have a great night love you guys toodles
and soon
hey my CTFxC
with shot
we're sexy
who else with me
get in
let's go
