so we've got good morning guys so we got
to go take Ali to the doctor she's got
to get some x-rays but I can't find my
shoes the alarms on they're sliding
everywhere so I realized I probably
freaked a lot of people out saying we're
taking Ali to get x-rays she's totally
fine per se per se I'm not like you know
sick I just you know when they were all
partying I think she tripped or somebody
picked her up and they tripped and then
she fell on the pool that that's what
happens when you party too hard at the
tripi house you break in we're some
party animals anyway so Al's got to get
a couple x-rays on her neck because
that's been bothering him for a long
time her shoulder cause that's been
bothering her a long time as well it'll
be okay
you know we're doctors gonna fix you I
used to hate the dog there's a doctor I
just don't like going cuz I'm like I get
all nervous and I'm like well what about
all these issues I'm like well I don't
know is that something else
he's a hypochondriac TI every guy well I
used to have a different opinion about
doctors too and now I love doctors I
think doctors are amazing people I used
to get really freaked out
dentists though I'm still warming up to
those guys oh my god
VHS tapes home alone that a Robin
Williams looks like a woman that'd be
women look like Robin Williams what do
you think air B internet here's the
visual if you guys were right I just
wanted to show you guys how cool the
clouds are
how big of a comfort comfortable I'm
getting faster than saying that what is
wrong with my camera speaking of which
okay you guys can't see it damn it did
it really get screwed up again I'll show
you guys this is literally the brand-new
camera this is why the other one was
sent off I don't know if you guys can
see how is that like opening up the same
freakin thing and I didn't drop it
I forgot to tell you guys I got one of
these things like one of those GoPro
quad copters so they gonna put it
together now and I'm gonna meet up with
Danny into a giant field and see if I
can fly this baby building the
helicopter ally the mechanic dropping
screws so we got to recalibrate that guy
when we got sighs stupid camera
open up well it looks like today won't
be the day we get to fly this thing
maybe tomorrow so I'm back to get some
gelato even though it's freezing outside
well not really freezing to you guys but
it's cold to me it's like 40 degrees but
I'm gay
I think it's all to forgot oh it's it's
gelato yeah forgot oh oh like Judy go
you gotta I'm get it's ice cream or
gelato with espresso and whipped cream
stupid camera yeah see the ones with
British on it yeah that's where the
actual circuit board has pulled off so
this piece of crap is that came broken
come on phantom sending us broken stuff
so it's just a flashlight oh don't cry
like you're actually upset
come here dude oh sure Sean oh you're so
pretty
she was just chasing dressed around in
tagging you're like oh hi Zoey you're
not supposed to be in the kitchen but
you've got your bad collar on so now you
can so this is a hunk of fail I don't
know what happened but apparently like
the connection came like one of the
connections that came off the soldering
board or the soldering off the memory
off the chip or the board and came off I
guess
so I had to get another one sent over to
replace so this is not gonna be working
until these Friday so just hold tight
for that footage guys till Friday what
are there's a replacement one coming so
I got to go pick up the camera that we
shipped out a couple weeks ago and then
I got a ship this one out because it
broke again shut up Internet I know
you're loving this right now wait to get
you fixed cuz you're broken again
Internet honestly what number is this
this is probably the worst angle I could
probably ever vlog on like that the
worst angle ever
the first clip on the new camera I will
promise I will try I won't promise that
I will not break it but I will try not
to break you guys feel like I honestly
have this conversation every single time
I honestly don't know how many times I
broke these cameras but honestly I feel
like canon didn't expect people to use
them the way we are using them I guess
the good thing is I have extra batteries
and chargers now
all right now I gotta pack this son of a
bitch up and send it back because it's
broken I'm so genuinely bombed this is
broken I really wanted to fly you guys
up into the clouds just prepare Friday
you guys are going to the clouds Friday
hopefully unless it's later then it's
later but I'm gonna try it this is the
fun part trying to get the exact same
thing back into the box
I love unboxing I hate rhe boxing that
goes like that okay I'm getting it I'm
getting there carries the battery here's
the battery hell yeah I'm doing this
Packaging is an art form honestly it's a
freaking art form I got a hand it to it
I like it or hate it Apple really does a
great job of it
Ali Ali was seriously by-products just
so she can open them all the time like
that best snack in the world fresh green
smith apples fresh peanut butter biatch
I'm taking that pillow I'm taking it I'm
good at least we're gonna little shared
snuggle I'm taking her firm mm-hmm look
at the new camera hmm the new camera
what new camera this is rad oh hello do
not drop it son of a bitch you were in
here you are so one thing I want to talk
to you guys about which I didn't even
explain earlier today was the results of
my x-rays of my visit with the
orthopedist basically what I just found
out which is really weird and kind of
unrelated to why I'm having my pain but
is another interesting side thing is
that I have a cyst on the upper part of
like my right humerus he doesn't think
that's why I'm having pain but he wants
to keep an eye on that
he's gonna do an MRI to kind of see
what's going on with the soft tissue if
I have any weird like tears or damage to
any of like the cartilage or tendons or
muscle or about any of that stuff so
that's on Friday and I'm really afraid
because I've never had an MRI before
Charles is an expert at MRIs sure you
have like an MRI club card hold on
that's what the MRI is gonna be like
I'll tell you dance with dog Oh God
he just tackled the dog I think smash
your face into the blanket
I mean honestly you're gonna hear it
there's different okay Gramps come on
so Charles you know hasn't has been
through them I mean literally like
probably 20 times he's been through many
many MRI machines and I've never done it
and every single time they ask me
questions about what the doctor has
planned to do or any of my scheduling
questions they're like so are you
claustrophobic and I'm like yes no it
depends on what it is I don't know
ladies like just close your eyes don't
open your eyes don't open your eyes
seriously don't open them and I was like
okay I'm a wonder wimp you know like I
can be strong for him but I can't be
sure that give her some love actually
you know that they were telling this is
the funny thing they let me just strip
just get naked right there so that is
where he had about I had a bone cyst
where I was 14 so I now have a bone cyst
when I'm 24 ten years later same time
well not ten years later for him ten
years later than that age for me this is
confusing anyway the point is that we
both have bonuses and it's really weird
I don't know why that happens this job
yeah my right they put my shirt on too
sexy time it was too hot in here
nipple sorry let me put the cool air
conditioning down a little bit now
so anyways okay rambling uh basically
bone cyst possibly more than likely
unrelated to the pain MRI gonna check
out what's going on he's putting me on
anti-inflammatories for my neck also
because I had a party the other night my
brother and Corey were just horse
playing and goofing around with me
I got dropped and I hurt my neck so like
I can't turn my head all the way to the
left side I got to show you what the
summary is literally says visit for
right shoulder pain 4x x 6 years no
injury and visit for neck pain for 2
weeks
her brother picked her up dropped her
than landed on top of her literally was
on the dock I don't it's not just in
small we were all being drunk and stupid
and whatever and the doctors like so I'm
gonna have to you know ask that for the
next week or so you don't do any heavy
lifting maybe keep the shenanigans to a
minimum with the drinking he did and I
was like oh gosh
paying a doctor to tell me to stop doing
dumb at when I'm drunk your BMI is good
perfect
ma'am I don't think you belong on the
counter Marla she's like oh I was like
whoa whoa whoa I'm not allowed up there
see she doesn't want to be up here she's
like a bad I'm a bad girl
I am a bad girl I think everything's
gonna be just fine I'm just nervous
about the MRX I never had one and I
think I'm probably gonna flip out but
I'm just gonna like make the person talk
to me I'm just kind of there the TEC is
just gonna have to be talking about I
have an idea that's the internet for
good calming things you could do that's
good cuz I have none I just zone out
breathing exercises oh no I can't do
that if I can't move if it's not one
thing it's another
you know that's life I guess but the
doctor is right I do need to stop doing
dumb stuff when I'm drunk so that's
pretty good nice advice Charles
preparing me this is my training the
Jedi Master
please someone make a gif of this well
ignore that everyone you haven't
subscribed please be sure to subscribe
now it's free and you get stuff like
this every day so it's that alright guys
thanks again for watching and we'll see
you tomorrow as always
oh yeah hold the pants
vaccine
- else with Josephine
let's go
