good morning guys time to go get blood
work so look what I got to start doing
today for all the people that helped us
with the IndieGoGo to make the album
I gotta start signing these new posters
look at Travis was actually practicing
so if you helped us with the IndieGoGo
these are actually coming now they're
just taking a walk the rest go till five
members two of which don't live here
wanna go check out the beautiful day oh
there's a cockroach in the pool Estelle
does she see it she does run bird run so
here's kind of an interesting lame fact
January 6 is actually referred to as
Blue Monday because of the fact that
most people break their New Year's
resolutions by now and that everyone's
going back to work and actually the most
divorce filings is actually on this day
- so it's just a day all around called
Blue Monday January 6 basically January
6 right Zoe so cold come on he's wanting
to run go run around so it was a Marley
right now it's not Blue Monday for you
guys it's awesome Monday look at this I
found this this is this cool show the
internet here's the bottom of it
Isaac I'm gonna take that is pretty cool
look at me guys look at me I could do
the same thing so again I can take it
away good job so kick your ass okay it
looks like I'm freaking a buffalo right
now
don't stop don't stop you ditching looks
like a torture device doesn't it yes I
put on gloves what of it
looks like half life right now it's
gonna be like a plan B rasoi first
person thought cheddar why is there
serial killer I see some are they round
I think I scared genuine scaring our
neighbor she ran out of the house she
was like is everything ok that's not
creepy the heck did my xbox just blow up
it's all pink it doesn't look right
Xbox turn off yes there just be my
freaking TV Xbox turn on Xbox on Xbox
can turn on seriously I have no idea
what the heck is it who is texting me
xbox fix yourself did you do this Marley
did you do this did you do this saying
no I didn't do this for a change gonna
fall off the bed or couch careful you
did this didn't you were you playing
xbox and forgot to turn it off are you
asking kidding me I plugged it into the
Google TV which is older and it's
working I have no idea what's going on
what the heck now it's working I
literally did nothing I just moved it to
a different key being moved it back so I
just went to visit a girl than I used to
dance with I did ballet with her a long
time ago Alexia she actually was the
girl who did my hair for the wedding as
well
and it was so nice to see her she just
got a little puppy we were just hanging
out for a little bit I'm watching the
FSU game which I completely forgot that
the BCS bowl was on and that my team is
in it so in the comments below let me
know if you're rooting for the Noles
it's pretty crazy I hope that they take
the championship they're number one I
love them
I haven't even watched one game I'm such
a bad Seminole I'm the worst Seminole
ever as for me it is blasphemy I should
be fired from being so what time is it
the time is the time to eat it's the
time to eat let me pause the game they
have a pause be an assassin okay this is
your blanket do we have to buy another
one this is pretty ridiculous sake wait
wait again I'm cute too you are so
annoying but it's so cute at the same
time Zoe you don't have to work for the
cuteness look at you
gourd board do something for the Hurley
people send us some nice Hurley stuff
some sporting cold there Peggy with twin
it's not a secret it's on your Instagram
it would suck it is Bruin there's no ID
and that's crazy it's like oh there's be
the Cutty you wanna have a kid first
baby twins quince Williams did Ally
start popping some balloons it's okay
his mommy being mean and popping some
packaging come on it's okay well cookie
well cookies gives you out of here let's
go go shake it makes me feel terrible
it's B feel terrible well we got a clean
back there plus that's the worst place
you could possibly go so gross back
there look it's a cookie thing okay
don't need our money laying around okay
all right get it all dirty dirty get
even with her what crumbs everywhere my
gadgets our computers and video games
alle gadgets our appliances and pool
equipment to figure it out this one what
didn't what I do
it was so sensitive I didn't and then
anticipate that by the way the first
time I wore sweater probably since I was
little I don't remember the last time I
wore sweater
I lied actually the last time I wore
sweater was the European tour because
we're so freakin cold on the bus do you
guys remember that bus with coach or
driver
it had the the toilet downstairs kind of
thing downstairs and I had the top bunk
literally feels like a year ago oh wait
it was you watching your FS you know
Bulls Bulls were vetted own to exist
opposed I can't remember the Bulls logo
or whatever but I RAM you know I'm
ramming I'm ramming do you miss being in
Tallahassee I missed the games the games
were really fun so here's something
funny I'm just editing through all of
our clips today don't leave dick go back
to your work
do your work soon we've all these lovely
people did so much work for you now you
do work plan I am happy that I'm doing
this that's true there are bad event
that's just one of the stacks I was on
Lauren that my signatures doesn't even
mean anything anymore you know when you
say a word over and over again just like
banana banana really this is weird weird
a weird no it's weird one driving on a
Parkway and parking on a driveway I was
good at that that's a weird one said out
loud how I don't want to I think my
head's gonna explode so I'm just editing
through this footage from today and it
kind of cracks me up that we're talking
about cold it is let me explain because
obviously in Florida it's not cold but I
get so excited when I get to wear
jackets like I never get to wear jackets
unless I'm traveling
so for me it's like a fashion experience
and it's really fun and Charles loves to
wear hoodies and jackets so for us
Floridians when it's cold we really are
just excited that we get to actually
wear sweaters because it's winter and we
get to feel like we're part of the rest
of the world because normally we're not
I like our buddies because it's so
comfortable
now wait ever
my mom just called me and told me that
she was watching the the national
championship the BCS bowl and then
Seminoles one just now and she called me
to tell me but I'm not watching it
because Charles is playing a Febuary and
I'll have cable and any other television
so this is what I was watching instead
of the national cable go Knowles we won
sorry
anybody who's a fan of Auburn and sorry
for anybody else who didn't make it to
the championship your teams made a
valiant effort or whatever people say I
don't know it's crazy she just literally
sits here I walked in I like coming here
and I had these in my hand she walked in
she was okay
did you just pick your hand out really
yeah watch it
she knows what I'm doing well it's time
to say good night guys I just want to
say thank you you I feel a lot better
than I do yesterday actually a hundred
times better look at Ali's playing it's
been playing so much why you're town
yeah it has so many weeds but it's
snowing in my town like watch this I can
roll around a big snowball T so time to
go to bed tomorrow
Ali's getting some x-rays to check on
her shoulder and her neck she hurt
herself because she's she's a nincompoop
anyway so I'll see you guys tomorrow as
always don't forget to subscribe if you
guys are brand new and again thank you
for allowing me to have a nice little
rest day yesterday it really made me
feel a lot better today so I'll see you
guys tomorrow as always Doris also
before we go I just want to say stay
warm everyone I know it's freezing
everywhere else get lots of jackets wear
lots of clothes lots of layers and we'll
see you guys tomorrow as always
to see what you did
with CTFxC
me
they'll switch
let's go
