good morning Internet what is it I've
been throwing all the dirty towels over
there I'll talk to her and she just
doesn't care just lay down
she hasn't moved since I started to hate
Arlene those are dirty see I know their
project number one I put the cover with
the worldwide release and the
alternative release tally look out handy
I am nice and this is when we release
the album that's right
I'm Handy's Mandy can't do that just use
the flappers hit the ball up there miss
58 million sometimes you have to have a
crappy ball so it is Sunday that means
doggy cleaning day so we're gonna be
nice parents and take them to go get
filthy you roll around poop right now
careful junkies we're going to the park
we've been there in a while hi
Jamin out some otis redding right now
you know some classics in old school if
they know instantly where we're at
can you guys read signs
what are we doing I feel like they know
how to read all right now you got to
make sure to watch where you step
did you come to the park for girls gonna
do a little pooping will pooping and
peeing on stuff yeah they put this new
stuff here I bet a bunch of dog is the
peed on it
pooped on it the first thing that Zoe
does we got in here she squats poops on
some other dogs poop I will never know
that feeling like you know how funny
would that be if like you go into like a
like a men's bathroom and like a guys
peeing in a urinal and a guy walks up
and pees on that guy's pee while he's
paying so awkward look at sunset it's
awesome looking was she doing a little
German Shepherd franc coming over I love
how they sneak hi you were so pretty
they have the same butts of Zooey so
today is day six of the chemo first day
off of it and it's kind of weird like I
said the last couple days I've been
feeling a lot more tired this round
she actually gonna do it jump poop you
know I was a pool whisper whisper well
yeah I was saying earlier this whole
round of chemo that autumn or tired is
the word lethargic I guess lethargic
will do horrid I'm just like really
sleepy I sleep in a lot more that's the
only thing that really sucks but it's
funny cuz I stay up longer so I guess
it's kind of a weird kind of thing yeah
I think so too but this whole round has
wanted to document this whole third
round I felt a lot sleepier I'm more
tired yeah that's okay internet high
five on a count of three no seizures for
round three one two three and then high
five that is true
I had no seizure on this whole round
what are you kicking back there why do
dogs kick like that I have no idea what
she's doing Marley is rolling in poop oh
I told her she could do that
no she's like daddy said I could do it I
have made fire burn it I'm totally gonna
Melvin Cameron just like put the weapons
rifle fire this is really cool this is
actually one of my favorite things that
they do this restaurant they bring out
this tiny little like charcoal pot for
you too rose to your lovely fat taste
queso we were just leaving a restaurant
and I saw this like European restaurant
like across from where I was parked look
at the name of this I'm assuming it's
some kind of meat or some random food
product vegeta ha that is super badass
man
I love Dragon Ball Chum is she'll be all
you miss
nice moves high-five
there's the creepy baby this chemo crap
is certain have really pissed me off I
was gonna go out to eat with everyone
and then I just I sat down for five
seconds literally if I think I counted
five seconds in my head I still could be
like five minutes and I fell asleep and
then I woke up and I just feel like
complete nutter crap it's weird because
it stays me it's got like a weird
half-life so it stays in your body a
very long time so I'm just hanging out
with the bitches which is fine because I
genuinely enjoy cooking my own food
versus having people cook for me I find
it more therapeutic enjoyable hence why
we need to get a frickin kitchen on the
tour bus which is why somewhere somehow
needs to go freakin triple platinum so
we can buy it tour bus that's badass
this is chicken see I will eat the
chicken you wanna go in the oven you
can't go in the oven I got I shouldn't
do that that's really me I'm sorry
anyway so I just wanted to turn on the
camera say chemo it sucks
I shouldn't say chemo because it's
actually making things better just yeah
side effects I guess you as you say come
on Marley give me a break licking your
mouth number five seconds you actually
could do this with your little years and
they look thinning look at me hey my ear
it's goofy really we partly repositions
yourself but you're on a diet here's
some lettuce good job eat your lettuce I
will eat anything right now
she's eating lettuce continual in my
baking trend making some Grinch balls
might leave the stove
I've actually baked much in the stove so
I forget should I need to get new
cooking sheets these things have been
destroyed it's so pretty
odd things shouldn't be this pretty what
are you trying to keep me from being
distracted no pinball for you sir you
play too much today the heck my ovens
having a rave of course we're gonna just
do a chime we had to have a freaking
lights flipping on the way what am I
talking about I'm so tired
fringe balls
so I just woke up from another freaking
nap and I just wanted to say I feel so
bad because today has been kind of a
very boring day but it's just been one
of those days where I just can't I can't
fight it it just it keeps every time I
wake up and just like all avec sleep but
as you guys could probably tell I have
to build clean NIH's going on right now
I just actually called this to
presidential eyes you know and like you
know like when presidents get elected
they were all pretty and then by the end
of the office or term they was all
Haggard
a little update my stomach started
feeling nauseous I don't think that's
possible there's some of my tooth you
guys see it so I've been playing Black
Flag so much I've been wanting to watch
parts the Caribbean so much so I put it
on right now it's freaking along I don't
know how I could stay up this late what
are you looking at
you should laser do you see the laser
somewhere yes I do
light off dude trying to watch movie
other people always seem I ask and think
I'm crazy that the one thing I like to
do versus going out is actually just
sitting watching movie it's like
honestly my favorite thing to do if I
could turn my entire house into a movie
theater I'd be in heaven that actually
could be a nice little fun game in the
comments tell me one thing that you guys
like to do when you're not feeling good
but mine like I said is just a sit and
watch a movie I know that's always the
other thing it's so weird to describe
what it's like to be on this chemo crap
it's like your stomach kind of hurts but
it doesn't hurt and then you want to eat
but you don't want to eat at the same
time and you're weak but you're not weak
it's very weird it's like everything but
that complete opposite that makes any
sense which I know it does all I know is
that I'm staying positive thanks to you
guys I really honestly appreciate that
again I apologize today it's kind of
been like a weird lackluster video I
just didn't feel good at all I feel like
from what I've read
Dave six and a seven a chemo sometimes
worse than when you're actually on it
because like a residuals walk down
Charles and my girls watching some
serious parts of the Carribean action
you watching
he's bleeping gonna throw up you're
gonna throw back so maybe I'm gonna get
Charles a little bit of medication he's
done really well with the chemo so far
but he has felt a little nauseous in the
last few days so we're just trying to
kind of keep that at bay it's really
hard you know it's like those little
things are things you don't realize
about what makes it difficult to be on
this type of medication you know he
hasn't had any really serious or severe
physical side effects in terms of like
hair loss or anything like that but he
is very tired and he does get very
nauseous so those things are really
unfortunate so we're just trying to kind
of push through all that Luci you guys
tomorrow is always and be sure to
subscribe if you haven't already and
like this video thumbs up do all that
good stuff alright guys we'll see you
tomorrow door to door
it's the high-pitch toodles poodles area
taxi
who else with chocolate
let's go
