but these sleepy gooses sleepy goose
baby goes Oh raise your hand if you're
tired she's not sneeze all in your face
good morning guys actually I should say
afternoon because it's 4:00 in the
afternoon
look taxes for its 4:20 it's 4:20 I will
come at 8:00 a.m. and my stomach was
really bad for the first time ever I
felt really nauseous so I took what was
the call out
zofran I took that immediately like for
a lot better so I just lay down and
rested a couple hours I should apply a
few hours until it actually went away
actually went away about an hour ago so
I figured rather than getting up and
moving around and feeling nauseous it'd
be better if I just kind of like laid
and slept through it
oh let's get that for Kaitlyn I want
this glitters the worst thing is the
worst thing ever invented glitter it's
cool this is great look at this glitter
so I'm in the midst of making a little
project I'll show you guys when I'm done
but I need to get some frames so be
totally awesome let's make a giant like
solar system I I had to do that in
school I never did that you ever just
stick giant like skewers in there I live
my mom basically did it for me
holy crap had to do a double-take
thought that was a li
you just stop photos internet doesn't
matter that look like Ali big let's do a
double negative that would be good to
have a party and just have everyone
drink out giant things God everyone
drink that much whiskey they'd be dead
hi killer one where's killer - killer -
whoa think i'm killer I'm coming in for
the kill okay this is my big she loves
this blanket really i reprobate and you
were just allowed well I don't be a dick
I think she's certain to figure it out
Kenton a tree
well now there's a feather so we're on a
little date night get some pizza pizza
in a movie I begged and I pleaded so
we're gonna go see anchorman two
something I don't think increment is
funny I just want the feeling this one
isn't gonna be funny but I don't know so
it wouldn't be a proper date night
without ice cream or gelato and a crappy
movie that I decided I'm okay with it
it's gotta be funny if I what movie
would you want to see what is that that
is creepy as a drunk baby on a magic
carpet I don't know what's weird
Oh word
what do you look like a baby thank you
speaking of baby you want to see
something guys
I got to show you I want a caption
contest on this or now first off I got
to show you this which is a zoe marley
hybrid it's exactly Miley it was always
coloring ok then I will just keep moving
all right there's me being a badass with
high socks and this is the one I want to
caption contest of because this look at
that face this has got to be a meme guys
and I know you can do it this me steal
my sister's bottle keep on going this is
me being adorable Zoe its Ali being
adorable Zoe
that's my big fat face I like fortunes
then alright there we go
so anchorman 2 I will have to say I
thoroughly enjoyed it it's got its ups
then it's got his real low points Ali
what do you think so I had a lot of
laughs but a lot of points where it's
just like kind of just like petered out
but let me just say if you can make to
the end it is thoroughly worth it didn't
like it at all
I heard you laughing but brickies the
thing ìletís no I did something he
said but I can't remember
sound comedies but I don't think there
was anything really that funny about
that movie I think the writing is really
bad like I know that it's like
ridiculous comedy but like I like the
first anchorman and did not like this
one I feel like that's what happened is
like they had they had to live up to the
first anchorman the first anchorman was
just that's what it was I would
recommend it if you like dumb comedies
are you trying to get some Reese's puffs
I think the obstacle the eve they come
around the other side let's go home Sam
behavior I think anything works with her
Dennis I'm staying with you punch her go
home hey gone let's go okay well good I
can't promise that cope without bar get
it really get him on this is how we get
Zoey to go home don't let your boy
alright guys so that's about it for
today we are both gonna try to go to bed
and have relatively decent time because
I've been staying awake like all night
I've been going to bed like four am oh
honey
date night day night and it was a blast
and wonderful I have to say except for
the anchorman I really wanted
like oh that's really romantic so if you
guys have seen n command to let me know
in the comments below if you enjoyed it
I love all those actors I think they're
very funny dudes and there are a lot of
really funny women but I don't know I I
just couldn't get down with it it was I
really found myself actually bored in
the movie I found myself looking at
extras rather than paying attention to
the main actors which is bad anyway so
that's my opinion uh you know like I
said I love everybody in the movie and I
respect them as comedians and his actors
but I just couldn't get down with it so
so yeah that's it for today's video guys
thank you so much for watching and thank
you guys so much for all the love and
support for Charles he did really well
this round of chemo no seizures which is
awesome and I really think that you know
you guys are helping him so much every
day he just reads all your comments all
your tweets and I mean we just can't
thank you enough it really really means
a lot to me and a lot to him to have
that support and that love from you guys
I'm falling over haha I swear to God I
haven't had anything to drink except
water I'm drunk on water alright
everyone so have a good evening thank
you guys again for watching and we'll
see you tomorrow as always I hope your
2014 is going well that is really weird
to say I am still writing the wrong year
on everything that I put a date on so
that's my first New Year's resolution
know what year it is alright guys we'll
see you tomorrow doodles
you see what you did
with sexy
so else with me
let's go
