I'm gonna try something a little
different today this is actually a beat
it looks kind of like a peach but it's a
beat looks like a cutting board this is
the cutting board I don't get cutting
board so I just layer paper towels or
just throw them away so if you have a
wife or a girlfriend you know this
situation right now
we've been worth waiting basically for
50 minutes as as she tries on 25
different things that is a struggle
ladies this is so funny I just put on a
pair of pants like funky socks and I'm
good look at Zoe she's just rocking a
towel what are you rocking right now
then a blanket do you think I'm ready to
go I'm rocking a blanket I know Charles
is it a really weird mood today he's on
day 4 of chemo but he's also just like
tired and like okay I'm worried yeah but
you're being loved oh well but I'm just
worried put this on we go return this
cuz Ellie doesn't want have to real cuz
I like it I like the I like red but I
don't like the thin color and Zoe cuz
she has a big old neck and literally get
velocity negative spiked one night I
guess that totally doesn't match so we
have a dilemma such a stupid thing to be
upset about I'm not really upset that
tell us what you think even though we'll
finally I don't think she should have a
spite one it's the dog's collar has
always been pink and white and no spikes
and it doesn't feel her like Marley is
perfect to have spikes like she's that
dog he's a little asshole well I just
feel like for Zoey it doesn't work just
having a dance party to our own song
what up
as we go to get things printed so I'm
getting a nice little pronounce so I can
make a little frame thing showing how we
got number number one worldwide are
actually number two worldwide and number
one alternative for when we released the
thing so I'm making a little DIY so
market sushi again yesterday we drove
all the way down to just find out what's
closed literally drove 20 minutes
I just for Ally to find out it was close
that was one of those facepalm moments
you're not stabbing at this time are you
know stabbing of the food using my
fingers is done no death omens I don't
have I don't have them get owned have
any doesn't death sticks
let's see your chapstick technique
that's right you can say that's right I
mean it's all just like like the form of
it is good it's all about getting used
to it do you only use two fingers how
many fingers yeah I mean like it's
harder this voice is like the technique
but that was pretty you can also move it
back yeah yeah
Siri what is the temperature out there's
46 degrees right now and Ali wants to
get ice cream
so cold worth it
we're switching basically complaining
that it's 46 degrees out and I just read
apparently there's a blizzard up north
do you hear about that so rate where
you're at Murray now tell us in the
comments how cold it is I posted a photo
of my Instagram and somebody was I said
it was cold and some reason it was
negative 9 degrees I couldn't even
fathom that I don't want that dude dude
dude do-do-do-do-do he's gonna fly fly
all over Daniel so that was a brilliant
idea I feel at least 20 degrees colder
now antenna where is it was that Dakota
Fanning yep she's listening to it on
iPad iPod she's ignoring your mom is
what she's doing it's a great song
parents dude don't tell him I said that
let's have a little talk about your
catnip so we can have the catnip you're
addicted first step to recovery x'
addiction the first step to recovery is
addiction that's their faith think I
would like this tomato please okay
please let my tomato please up I would
like my tomato please Kim did you bring
that spoon all the way back for it does
Oh II don't forget him don't forget to
bring of towels all right well you want
some it's always like that no it's not
always like that
put some chapstick on it we look at it
you guys look at us hi Marley but who
knows we have a riddle for you guys so
you come to a fork in the road there are
two paths obviously one deletes a death
one that leads to safety survival
whatever in there two brothers one that
always lies and one that always tells
the truth what question do you ask them
in order to get to the road that will
allow you to survive you only get one
question to ask both of the brothers
what is the question any one of the
comments this was actually tough one of
those Dennis mindettes
I have no idea my brain hurts yeah
outside the box think about no get only
oh it's the question the answer well you
a question is technically a big question
is the answer so the question is what
would your brother say and so what
happens is that the brother that tells
the truth will tell you that the brother
would say the way to death and the one
who always lies will tell you that the
brother who tells the truth will also
say that way which is a lie
so they both point to the wrong road so
you walked on the other one and you
survived that's a mine there you go new
car so a new collar and we couldn't find
Zoe's regular pink one what looser cuz
your neck is fat because their knickers
back so this year zoey is going to be
official badass date right
oh so with a spiked one she's not a
spiky down inside the dealer they decide
she's too sweet for spike you know look
at her look at her abs like he's pretty
do I look good it's Miley for sure who's
player for
I played the worst camera my entire life
Wow okay I guess we just save our
boosters so Dave number five last one
number four was totally fine that's Zoey
and you today so you're good I think the
an extra Adam an insulting Paris today
number five last day looks like it yeah
I should probably take care of that oh
my he's doing that she's like I have a
bad ass now it's like collar that spike
collar is going to her head hate the
taste my my
I'll never get used to that gays all
right guys so like I just said so day
four in the bag
thankfully no issues like I was saying I
was over to because I had a seizure both
days of day four
thankfully that has not happened I want
to say thinking everyone on Twitter cuz
everyone's giving me a lot of support
today because I was really nervous you
guys could tell and a lot of you guys
were giving a lot of love and support on
Twitter and I really appreciate you guys
thank you so much I was reading that all
day I just want to say thank you guys so
much as you guys are brand new to real
don't forget to subscribe and we'll see
you guys tomorrow as always do this I
was doing like this but I don't know
what else to do and just where it all
funds on a little tangent all right guys
okay
to see what you did
we're sexy
to a switch
let's go
