good morning guys what's going on got
multi-ball got even dressed yet that's
how we're running this house site
address first thing you wake up you play
again
well she beat her own score lost the
ball going down to - Donna - Marley take
okay go so I am officially addicted to
Black Flag now that is all I'll see you
guys in a couple so I don't know about
you guys but I'm thinking today we
should probably hit up the beach let's
see if it's good beach weather yep looks
amazing look at my grandma see this is
all I love my family okay my grandma
comes rolling in with growlers of micro
brewery beer from chick west of Florida
hey okay so what do we have here what
did you call this one gnarly varley
normally borrowing this is honey amber
that's what I want okay
so we're playing an epic game of carom I
don't if you guys have ever seen this
probably not because it's 8,000 years
old it's an ancient game that was the
worst break ever but all again with with
gusto you know like slam it slam it so
they go playing all right
you know all right so I can
nope thought about it don't even take my
greens yeah just cuz you said it ah go
for a little walk girls in cruising he's
low ridin it's basically telling him
that she can't walk behind Zoe otherwise
you might get a little foot foot full of
poop little horse poop little rocket
poop gas-powered genetics the world's
large look how big this Apple is there's
a huge Apple it's so shiny I know I
shouldn't eat it because it's probably
laced with plastic and bad things like
that but still I want it
it's a Red Delicious delicious is
actually in the name and I are gonna go
out to dinner with a couple of our
friends I should I think Charles and
Daniel are coming too but we decided
since our grandmother got us like these
fancy spa socks that we should just do
like a mini spa treatment before we go
out so we're gonna use a little
exfoliating mask
okay let's put weird stuff on our faces
all right spread that based on your face
her girl oh it smells kind of weird the
stuff is awesome though so just kind of
like rub it on and like I don't know I
mean I've done this a couple times but I
don't know the correct expert way to
perform this mask for a bit it's really
technically just like an exfoliator but
um like although the girls at the store
you know gonna tell my friends John I'm
a car like you I just leave it on for a
couple minutes and it works wonders so
oh I put a lot oh I feel like we're
going into the jungle like this is like
our camera choice hmm beautiful perfect
oh my god this is crazy it looks really
gross it feels good no so when you do
stuff like those guys just remember not
to get it in your eyes or anywhere
really near your eyes
the scantiness lets you into clothes
that skin is really sensitive so if you
do masks just be wary of that because
that skin can get like really sensitive
this is too ridiculous and there you
have it there's our spa moment just
feels ridiculous I am good ridiculously
good wait girls do this for fun yeah I'm
really torturing her what is that it's
volcanic ash so a volcano explodes and
somebody gets the idea of putting that
on their face I want to do it now do it
yeah look I'm wearing the shirt that uh
Jenny and trav got me it says F cancer
figure it was appropriate We The Kings
somewhere somehow they beat it on the
Billboard charts at number 44 I'm
amazing I've got to tell you guys number
44 on the Billboard charts 44 44 mom are
high five good job you know what's funny
is like I don't like it but I just just
always feels good people like just clean
your face cuz thank you just relax
rivers oh my heart just think of
soothing things rivers that's like
pebbles pebbles are singing rivers and
pimples what does ash do why would that
be good for you I like it's like the
minerals possibly never really asked
anyone
wacka-wacka I think probably just put
soil you're very probably calling for
you what people do like clay yeah Clay's
a good student ask I think it's probably
like you know calming so weird be honest
the comments aver dude have you ever
done one of these be honest
no one's here as a judge what is it well
is this it's a beat to the beat Leafs by
the way guys this is what we're talking
about yesterday with little Marley's
little scar from chasing squirrels show
me little scar like I'm the Bears just
freakin bit my lip for those curious
biting your frickin lip or stubbing your
toe by the way you like my new socks
from Ali's grandma that when do sock Zoe
stubbing your toe or biting your lip
hurts more than brain surgery because
you're all doped up on brain surgery I
just thought that was kind of funny
because I was just eating my salad and I
just bit my lip I was just like son of a
bitch so as you guys can see I bought a
giant light and we turned us down so
bright so that way you can vlog on this
camera in the dark let's go test it out
oh I'm pretty much the outside right now
it's pitch black and you can see me
which is actually pretty impressive
this light is awesome and I'm going to
grill some chicken so we could shake on
sandwich or chicken salad just whatever
I want but it's gonna basically be shook
on chicken basically chicken this is one
thing why I don't know why I eat meat so
effin gross stop it some real side dude
this rain it's raining as I'm trying to
grill you know it's perfect having grill
what are you doing hey fuck it I'm just
kind of having some mild side effects
just simple ones like just tiredness no
nausea or anything like that so probably
gonna take it easy tonight and just kind
of watch some movies and just try to
relax good look at myself in them here
today I've started looking like Bill
Clinton
so hopefully the volcanic ash fix out
the fixes all that I still get it
volcanic ash so he was like yeah we
should put our face that sounds like a
great idea tomorrow is the day where
I've had the issues every single time
round 1 and round 2 on chemo
grant had a seizure on both those times
so I'm not gonna lie I'm really nervous
for tomorrow I don't know what's expect
but I think because we up my ativan and
we up my dilantin
I think it's gonna be fine look
can grill and do some vlogging stuff
everyone used to always make fun of me
about a man card
ooh this I'm just grilling and vlogging
at the same time so can I have my my own
card back please
please look at that that's band central
right there give me back my man card
Internet I deserve it
my oven is singing to me again
messing around with the 70d buggers or
getting too into the right now internet
focus camera focus thank you for
listening
Marley's just staring at me like what
the fuck are you doing so you're ready
for pill ready for daddy take his pill
day for cookie what you seek what yeah
that's good for me so it's day four the
five
hopefully good tomorrow so like I would
I always like to do when I'm having a
little wine downtime I just farted sorry
like a movie time always like to remind
you guys a friendly reminder been
wanting to try a Netflix for a very long
time if you go to Netflix calm says
CTFxC you actually can get a free
one-month trial I watch all the TV shows
the movies all that fun stuff like I'm
about to do not only is it free but it
helps out the CTFxC allows Aly and I to
keep making these videos for you guys
because we want to make sure we can do
these for like 40 years or 50 or 60 or
80 years I'm gonna do these from the
grave guys so yeah like I said go to
netflix.com slash CTFxC because honestly
half the stuff that i watched when i
wind down like this is based on what you
tell me in the comments some of the
stuff on netflix that you guys like so
once you do that tell me in the comments
what else I should watch Xbox go to
Netflix
you see what you did sense
taxi
so else with chops it
let's go
