so 2014 for the first thing we have to
do is destroy the tree or take down the
tree she said I heard destroy you're
doing good you did good
rock guitar yeah there's a cockroach in
the pool get it get it she's like Kim
you want to stay here you got to rub my
belly you're gonna be here for a while
we gotta fix 2014 might be year's
resolution to eat better so we're
starting off right away nor all this
where's Ally what is your new year's
resolution by the way that's just gonna
happen that's not a resolution what is
your name what is your resolution beat
my old high school on pinball
that's a New Year's resolution what
about no cussing want to try that again
yeah I already lost so that's what you
want to do actually really not just
specifically dance get back in the dance
so keep honor guys I hate how disgusting
beats look but how awesome they are want
to try beat fighting watch I beat pause
it all
I had to ground all the time
okay take hold on it can't catch you
well he's such a bad little girl
sometimes I think the idea was like she
was chasing euros cute and then she had
the end of didn't she
well she's being cute now get it get it
yeah hey where'd it go where'd it go
okay
she's like the noise I started to
believe that she just likes making noise
so this morning I get a text from Danny
and he you know has recently been
wearing a chain wallet because he always
leaves his wallet places so he didn't
lose his wallet last night but this
morning I got a text message saying hey
if you find a phone laying around it's
mine so Danny left his cellphone here so
this morning I texted it and well that's
a quarter okay we're gonna we're getting
money getting richer so more pockets he
needs to be able to have a cargo loop
for a hammer anything he needs in his
life no but seriously he left his phone
here so I just tried calling it to find
it and it is dead now so yeah money
challenge accepted
fine Danny's dead iPhone
Charles goes up to me all the time
good luck with bleep in that brat there
we go
all right Zoe ready to be a pirate here
the apartment
hopefully this game is pretty good a lot
of you guys have told me to just return
the Call of Duty game so I got that and
everyone just told me to return it all
right here goes hours of my life except
it oh you just tried it yeah holy
crap she slowly came up and gave me this
Oh daddy I made this really next to me
like I'm sorry no she's happy she made
it for you buddy playing Assassin's
Creed which one yeah so this is always
favorite thing is watching Betty play
video games because I mean she gets to
sleep and no one tries to wake her up oh
yeah yeah she's dreaming or something
what is she doing every time he starts
to fall she feel like in that she like
that here goes oh here it goes look at
her she can't dude she can't keep it up
this is a door there's no cute and funny
so we were gonna play some Wii U stuff
but then we decided that we had to do
kind of the old standard for the cousins
moose and Double Dash
who are you looking for baby part or
what you like oh yeah babies mark well
we pretty much exclusively race on baby
part everyone that okay fine
pretty much exclusively baby part so
much for a new year's resolution of like
eating better stuff I am currently going
down me red velvet milkshake and I'll
let you know how it is
absolutely John and I'm gonna control
this bad boy that one the green one the
guy can't get the gram on the green ones
under it but it's really cute that you
can get some that's from things are such
a like a total ripoff Charles used to
like work somewhere where they were they
adjusted them and they make it so it
won't close right away just like I get
they can't have someone win every time
but why not so I wasn't feeling too well
for the first time the chemo and I just
woke up and I just saw that Danny is
over a hundred K so that means he has to
wear geneco's through a show and I was
just gonna call him just to make sure
that he he knew that hey dude
congratulations you got a hundred K did
what pair of gingka genes do you
actually want to wear I'm going to wear
the most ridiculous jeans ever designed
by man so you know and I don't know
which is worse the fact that you have to
wear it or the fact that you have to
look for it and buy it but it's worth it
do you guys help me out and I appreciate
it it's day three no issues fingers
crossed
Hey oh yeah that's right day three it's
so weird
nice little list we literally went
through all the video thumbnails to
figure out some of the best and worst
parts of 2013 but today's the first
video of 2014 huh I did a little list
yeah okay recap I did my first collar
run which was really really cool I just
remember that exciting it was in the
beginning of the year
got Chiron paint that was happening you
got all your tattoos this year oh my god
are you all my new tattoos cuz Wi-Fi at
the smiley face at my chest one the new
one so next year is 2014 when I start
with sleeve gonna be the year of the
tattoo is well next year this year this
year are you doing picking how big the
night Christie you saw any road Hey I
actually guys remember that when
Abbey Road got a photo that was pretty
amazing you guys did your headline tour
of Europe and we had a playlist we want
to go to playlist live we got to meet a
lot of you guys there a playlist this
year was really really good it was huge
we were filling for a log you memory
right after playlist everyone from
apprentice they came her house and we
started vlogging minutes our whole
family did blog you mentoring yeah
that's which we still cannot see it
because they're still working on it
Marley took a tumble everyone Marley
jumped off the freaking golf cart here
she got that scar she's gonna have
forever on her right that's cuz she
jumped out Marley got the combo after a
squirrel and she had all the squirrel
this was our fourth year so in May we
celebrated a year for and we got a
Guinness World Record
yeah in New York City which was so good
this is cheating that we had to make a
list so we also got to do our big summer
road trip up to Georgia we saw my family
for a bit and then we got to go to the
ropes course and bin in the giant peanut
in the giant peanut
Olga came to visit which is really fun
and then we did it toward Ripley's yeah
which was so cool it's always fun oh the
crazy Russian comes in it stays in our
house honey nutz always happens when
she's here it's not a surprise it was
like the big giant Tigers yeah oh man
the big cat rescue was really cool I
never thought I would ever ever feed a
tiger in my life and the CTFxC plaque is
at the Big Cat Rescue
yeah it's really cool they're actually I
think a couple of viewers have seen it
go to the last eat agender huh he's good
what a nurse Bennett Oh Brad we did in
North skydiving on the Summerfest tour
you were really good at that actually in
Summerfest personally was the best I
think was nerved up then we had the
biggest VidCon yet at which we the kings
played for an audience I think 8,000
people that was awesome that was one of
your biggest show that John Green was
fangirl I think Alyssa are you think out
it was I'll never forget what he said to
me were a side stage and he was looking
at Charles and he was just screaming
he's like he's great I was like you
can't have him he's like boom I think
it's in one of the vlogs like he's so
funny to us it was great it was a good
time
we premiered the trailer of vlogging
Inari there which made everybody cry it
was crazy us too because it's so
emotional it's gonna be a good movie
oh and Colette had her baby that's a big
event for me I know that's not
technically our lives but she yeah I
mean they're the best friends yeah so
you had your second surge had the second
brain surgery Shay came for that yeah
which is that great second surgery when
I was awake this time and we filmed it
if you guys haven't seen that video
which I'm sure you guys have which was
pretty pretty gnarly and I think the the
more graphic one was probably no
definitely the most intense video I've
ever added and put on the air this is
not only just like a brain surgery as my
brain surgery yeah I still I was
actually just you probably thought I was
crying just is that gonna go actually
like making this list cuz I was like she
didn't stop watching it was a crazy year
let's make this year less crazy that
more crazy with the good stuff that's
pretty crazy show the list here oh yeah
shaving my dad's head proportionally the
Rays didn't make it to the World Series
but there's always next year I did my
Australia trip which was a huge deal for
me because that's like that was and I
mean it still is one of my top three
places in the world to go but that was
one of my top three international
destinations for as long as I can
remember and I went bungee jumping yeah
for the first and probably only time in
my life I'm really bloated
now we're winding down the year the
hometown show the hometown show my first
time getting back on stage or is it for
months
so I out four months five months you do
the one show in Jacksonville but this is
check-in show which will show really
good the album came out and went to
number one thanks to you guys which is
unbelievable I think that's pretty much
like a highlight I think that's our
hives of Ozzy really that's like a
really big closer yeah the vlogging year
is still not done because we have until
May but the year 2013 is done so I just
wanted to make this video just to say
bye 13
hello 14 alright guys now we gotta go to
bed
I just took like chemo pills I'm getting
a little sleepy I love you guys have a
great night I forget to subscribe
because like I said 2014 it's going to
be insane we have a lot of things
planned in insane yeah better anything
better and sing that same Jensen Jensen
Jensen jinxing I'm tired
alright love you guys
with CJ
sweet
let's go
