yeah that's right so you defend my honor
Jeff Goldblum Jeff Goldblum Jeff
Goldblum jeez Kim over here how cold is
it so mad she came out with your
mouthing how freaking cold is it
it's like 64 this woman
no we're back away what do you want hey
Gopi what is this game called I feel
like that's a common thing with this
game came going on the bike can you
still do that always have you're ever on
that is when you're drunk every New
Year's Eve and it's free
get a banana why don't you like bananas
not like that
what is that Zoey there it is the new
year's pineapple of Sarasota because in
my hometown they don't have like a New
Year's ball they do pie I don't know why
they do a pineapple because we're
technically an orange but I guess yeah
it's tropical plus one of the streets
downtown is called pineapples maybe
that's all so today's the last vlog of
2013 Wow my voice can go like that what
you get it's a fireball I never thought
that like liquor was a trendy but this
is it's kind of like when yeah it was
popular like when I was in college in
here yeah you know it's funny that
became popular on tour bus just when I
stopped this last tour when I stopped
drinking I have no idea what it is and
we didn't do anything so I'm making it
cakes today for him and it's
experimental I've never made like this
cake before so it's good well just
yellow cake but I've never Jesus recipe
it's so cold out that's all I want it
out
excuse me ma'am what are you doing ma'am
Happy New Year Sully okay
Happy New Year mama barely fits your
head it wouldn't fit my big head you're
the king of a house
you're the fireworks hey I don't like it
she hates fireworks but she'd rather be
under the pinball machine yeah you look
like a Playboy bunny I see with the
necklace I'll go with the necklace I
like it with the little ribbon or bow
tie no it looks good he's doing it
ladies and gentlemen I'm declaring right
now I'm bringing back a popular 9
designer future I'm bringing back the
chain wallet my keys really practical a
lot of stuff danny has a problem
sometimes so he's bringing back the old
90s trend now you gonna see the jingoes
I'm not gonna wear with the big Ali look
what Danny's bringing back
where's your snazzy Sally and you got a
chain just like Danny Internet how close
hundred thousand Danny how close are we
ninety-two thousand pretty excited so
that's eight thousand more yeah I just
made a cake I could do math I just had
ninety two thousand candles on a cake
and about to have 90,000 shots so
internet if you're not subscribed to
Lindsey Danny you gotta make two hundred
thousand right do it yes just do it for
Danny's team wallet or anything else
much a mole if we do it Danny will wear
the big G Co jeans for a week okay we
got to make it interest for one show you
have to wear Chico jeans Lindsay what if
we have a hundred thousand on their
Channel Lindsay won't wear will wear
Chico jeans and Danny will wear for at
least one show
yes okay she goes oh yeah there we go
guys go subscribe this channel I want to
see this that was not so much for him
it's for being so if you guys remember
correctly I hit a hundred thousand I had
to do this so that's what we're making
daddy do the GTO jeans the figure is
just like kind of like it's a rite of
passage
does anyone actually remember when that
actually happened did you tell her that
she won't listen to me she won't listen
to me I think we have enough hats
pabu cheese beard it fits right in there
doesn't it
no we're not gonna do that that is not
happening they go for Ali's record
you're gonna destroy it
absolutely him shouldn't stand a chance
never bit shouldn't brought this thing
in the house get 9 million are there
first of all it could happen Marley come
here I'll save you come here I had the
mover there no one can see you now
Marley Schneider
we got apple cider it's not alcoholic
guys don't yell at me
so we got the last few minutes till 2014
Oh Marley you missed it
you still 2013 mama right you had your
foot
Zoey party it's like an animal have it
wait Zoey's in the way happy you here
welcome girl I know who's gonna win but
they don't know we're gonna win honestly
I don't know who's gonna win
your father did it happen again I didn't
know if I have the sensor that as the
night progresses we got money on the
table now this is monopoly money
all right well I won't play with you I
just probably got to play with you if
you don't give him the bunny today's the
last vlog of 2013 and I just wanted to
say thank you guys for making a kind of
a crappy year so memorable and so
awesome and I don't want to talk too
much in this chair because it makes me
sound like I fart every time I move but
honestly 2013 was such a good year in
such a really unfortunate
here I guess the word I'm trying to
think of and you look like I'm 2013 so
many cool things have happened so many
crappy things have happened you can't
have too good without the bad I guess
what I'm trying to say I'm just gonna
pop the bed now cuz I took those chemo
pills I'm kind of getting sleepy
so I just want to say here's the 2014
let's make it even more memorable and
even more awesome I hope and I know 2014
he's gonna die I'm gonna ruin this
moment this moment 2014 is gonna be the
year I beat the stupid c-word and so
many other cool things be the kings even
them do better than we already are
thanks to you guys so my goals or my
hopes for 2014 so don't forget to
subscribe because this year is gonna be
better than last year and you know this
year was actually 2013 was a pretty
amazing year despite the crappiness
don't forget to like this video since
the last video 2013 it's a low center of
bed sorry party go sleep alright love
you guys see you tomorrow toodles follow
my chair
what
taxi
- a switch
let's go
