good morning guys the mess is still
continuing they're working on it
hopefully I think today they're gonna
end it then we gotta have a least one
day for the dry and then we get our
house back cuz this right here could be
on that show the hoarders it's driving
me nuts I want to just get rid of
everything just go super minimalistic I
think I'm gonna go get some air
maybe golf car ride because they're
finishing stuff up and then that way I
can just cut to a time lapse and we can
see how everything's doing so I am two
rapes in right now because I am going to
Kaitlyn Thompson's and baby shower she
has yet another way the King's mama our
soon-to-be mama and we are going to be
celebrating her today I feel so lucky to
have well I feel very very lucky to have
in my life
We The Kings is such a good group of
people and there the guys are just
amazing and their wives are in
girlfriends are just amazing as well so
I love that we've all built this really
close bond to where we are so included
in each other's lives and I'm just
really looking forward to today I'm
gonna try and fill them as much as
possible but I am gonna try and just
enjoy this
and hang out with my friends and
celebrate Caitlyn and Hunter and their
little baby
this is a new forever will be one of my
favorite things to just kind of release
and clear my head kind of feeling like
after having a little bit of an off day
woke up you know like when you wake up
and you just like feel weird I don't
know I think it's because I don't feel
comfortable in our own the house right
now because everything being all jumbled
I can't find anything can't find get
mine socks so I've been wearing sandals
the whole time
couldn't find a shirt didn't do any of
that stuff hey I was gone and everyone
in my neighborhood thinks I'm crazy
I love it
yes this is what my hair looks like when
I ever get to put it like anything in it
and I go on the golf cart it's just
it's so funny together date got a
haircut I was so close I'm just like not
shaving it completely off like when I
did a long time ago for just like
cutting it so short to where like I
couldn't handle it but just like cutting
it so short where I would never have to
even have it even remotely close to my
face but I chickened out what are you
whining about whine cuz you're a cat
she's getting so much bigger isn't she
yeah in big my favorite thing about her
is like she'll be like this just brand
new lady breath stinks no no she's gonna
bail so we can hear where the hell she
is but I think it might get caught right
now stuff I need uh not quite yet I just
wanted to see if it bit her she's got
enough moustache she gets so crabby by
the way this cat is a monster now she's
now coming to her own and she's starting
to realize hey I'm a cat so I can be a
jerk not hey I'm a cat I was rescued I
should probably be super super nice
these people it's more hey I'm a cat and
I'm gonna bite their face or just hey
I'm a cat that's it I'm sorry to do this
is warm this up with hot water and then
your sports even none sniffing through
your nose we're going out to eat for my
mom's birthday because we had the
postpone it Ally had a great idea which
you go get her a balloon but the thing
is we're not just gonna get her a
balloon I want to get her a the goofiest
possible thing that I could possibly get
now thank you so much all right out
which one should we get her I was gonna
say we should get other people make
mochi
that would actually be pretty funny it
would be so hard to get her to wear that
I always do that I feel like it's so
degrading yeah these are just so
degrading do you think I gently placed
this in a cop car
and just walk away they'd be upset yeah
here's my chance he doesn't look like
you'd enjoy that
just like simply just like right through
the window just go there you go officer
yeah we just got some flying right now
just flying around in the restaurant are
you peddling things mom you come in the
things that look like this and flat bags
you almost got arrested driving with
that stuff in there no that's not how it
works on your birthday what does already
happen and look at that bag happy
birthday or whatever
what we were
can't take you serious right now huh no
it's lip balm
or get the body wash okay so when you're
in the shower you gotta make sure you
think another yeah nothing like I'm
gonna really think about you guys
you better edit
I think there's this one more thing in
there there should be a soap or
something in there you just told her
yeah but I'm breaking the rules
no dude there's one card that's like
just because everybody got a few grumpy
pets
it's amazing you picked it out don't you
remember I remember I think everything
was always made mother nature you told
you she's the only but you get the
honors of turning it on the first turn
off
oh my gosh Here I am
I needed my right baby I didn't hit
record we gotta do it again coaster what
do you got buddy
watch out Kobe coaster it was gonna fix
your little head here we go buddy there
we go nope game over
Kobe Kobe go check it don't done come on
buddy there we go
there you go buddy you look so good he's
like Marley like you can just put it
whatever you want and I said so momma
trippy is making a rule right now for
what is it called to reapply air falls
in Karratha
spin around three times and then chug a
beer for momma trapeze a birthday of the
hooters my mom ever was where's the new
foam what hate beer so much all right
guys I'll help you enjoy this video
please don't forget to wish my mom a
very happy birthday I think she had a
really good time don't forget to
subscribe with all the notifications and
all the fun stuff and I will see you
guys tomorrow as always have a great
night
