good morning Internet this is what we're
fascinated by right now
Robo food everyone just look at it that
robot is a vegetarian it's got the green
poop
there are four or five people just
staring at an extra mint of juicing
robot I think is that this is exactly
what we're doing we're literally staring
at it because it looks like adulthood
put your feet Kim is gonna snap nerd
rock alleys professionals Stepford every
tally you guys come there witnesses
it never happens the rest of the
Internet's brains exploding right now
yeah big nerd rock we are best friends
now
though we are installing my Christmas
present by domestic thermostat and yes I
am wearing my bands hoodie I told you I
don't care it's the same thing as
wearing CTFxC I'm just rockin cuz I'm
proud I'm proud of our band I don't feel
that's lame
some pinball action going really really
taking advantage of the nerd rock we
need to just hire nerd like this play
for you guys all the time right now it
looks cool for so long you look cool I
think everyone in the internet just like
you a little bit more Black Mesa
research facility if you know where
that's from
you are amazing so I'm getting impatient
we need to paint this and I turn around
and Dennis is starting or putting up
there now there's like no don't do it
I'm like do it go Dennis go
don't listen Ali go Dennis go I want to
play with the gadget it's my Christmas
present Ali we are putting it on yes
welcome to 30s I think we forgot to show
what Kim got us came here to show it off
it's a giant cockroach air pool toy it's
gonna be great for the thoughtful
cousins
Fuzzy's leg sculpting they're nature's
uh badass because they can live like a
nuclear like attack they live right
through it you know that microwave and I
think they've lived through it you guys
we don't try that internet don't listen
to him
I mean how many times you step on them
and they still live are those antennas I
think these are the antennas well maybe
back feet four little rudders nerd walk
sleeve into the sad day guys everything
everyone say Biden nerd rock and kill
what March I think when I have some
shows then fun I've had Taco Bell every
day since I've been with you it's true
they live while right next to one alley
club pants yet so they'll have pants on
you'll have any pants go there's your
pants no ma'am no don't do that cuz I
want to do that now no no stop moving
your feet
I didn't know alia stickler I'm just
gonna go for it let's go get some pants
on you doing what Zoe does oh come on
get up get some pants on so we can go
Marley tell you get some pants on
hey bad lighting you're rockin Josiah
bye
come on I was just Union nice meeting
you the wonderful meeting you have a
good day she pulls her hand away from me
like no no I do not I would not shake
your hand sir
bye nerd Rock I'm glad you liked the
music so get some pants on you know what
I will find some pants right now
some pants I don't wear those pants I'm
dressing my wife now everyone's to say
bye to Josiah bye everybody
bye is gonna be a lot less intoxicated
than the one from tour I don't really
remember that one by the nerd rock day
grilling Oh although it doesn't look
like it's freaking dark as hell is that
turned on I'm just I calling you Ally
Hefner for Alan it's so common well I'm
still dressed
they gotta prove to you guys that she's
still dressed
disrobing my life on camera weird she's
dressed
today's been one of those days just
really sleepy this kind of feels like
we've been in New York all day it's just
kind of crazy the Sun doesn't come out
all day and you're like when the Sun
doesn't come out you get like really
depressed or just tired all day so I've
been out here just kind of chillin
without poochie's you hanging out
actually today is round three of the
chemotherapy day one though so I have to
take that later tonight hopefully this
time I don't have any issues like blast
to would have had seizures so fingers
crossed no seizures this time but what
they've done is they've up my dilantin
and ativan this time so we can I Fugees
all you wanted the other camera let me
have the camera cuz I'll be honest with
you a little nervous because the first
two times I had issues
nothing nothing bad or anything like
that but I'm just nervous because if
you've ever had a seizure or seen
somebody have one it's not the most
glorious thing in the world it's kind of
freaky and I hate putting people through
that especially when I'm in public
places
so round three starts today really happy
is just after the home down show so I
can actually rest a little bit
sucks this on New Year's but it's not
like I can drink anyways right alleys
caught me falling asleep out here like
twice so far if you follow me on
instagram you saw the photo already and
if you're not following me on Instagram
what are you doing what are you doing
try to eat the Internet yep alone
Oh Milan get him see they're gonna get
me where I get her together get him
buddy stop get him I know I get stopped
I'm just gonna tickle you it's a good
tickle you just destroying stuff are you
ticklish like what are those tears
hey ticklish no don't break it come on
we're gonna fix your collar your collars
all popped where's your collar popped
Hey
are you mark ticklish here all right
ball sack that was just hurt deck you
need a couple thank you really excited
because I just found an attachment to a
stand mixer that has a rubber spatula on
one half of it that scrapes the bowl for
you as it mixes so you don't have to
scrape it down and what's the sound I
hear your childhood breathing it less
breath take me the toy section this is
the best time of year to shop for
Christmas backwards ding-dong oh my god
what can I help you with no can you tell
me about your orchid selection please
these are called the Cookie Monster
uh-huh and every time when you go to
sleep at night they'd you don't know
sweets in your house mm-hmm
no that's me I come and yell or blue
because if they were green they would
die did it blew it but those are not the
words but
dance party okay we also need large
buckets for no apparent reason a couple
of powerstrips would be good switch
plates so they're all matching them so
now what we're doing here
I'm changing out there that they're flat
we have to get an annual fire pit the
other one kind of got screwed up didn't
it this one's smart she has a hole in
the bottom airflow in it everything cool
looks good no no it needs more needs
more more fuel Oh fire more Kim more
wait until she's clear no no no no
you're no fun come on Zoey
okay we got a fire pit for it sorry go
in the pool Marley remember that one
time we set set those Christmas trees on
fire right there
ma I got a cookie let's do this one
no we're doing this we want outside we
need more fluid mahalo Kumar leash sake
I'm not getting around that ever I turn
see what you did today
CTFxC
they'll switch
let's go
