girls this doesn't make me want to get
up you guys look so freaking comfortable
come on we have to get out okay is the
hometown show Victor night leg off I'm
sorry Zoe there you go
better all right screw it you guys win
you win this is much better idea so
check out this little guy there's a frog
someone gonna pull this morning watch
him go down I know this seems really
stupid that I'm entertained by this but
I just think he's so frigging cute
I'm trying to find a shirt for tonight
I'm totally not listening Justin Bieber
this is bad they've tried to call this
place you try to call this place yeah
this is music before going to the show
guys get some coffee
it's necessity can't function can't run
around the stage without the fuel so
Ali's still getting ready shocker so
Lauren's taking me now so I can make
sure I'm not late I could actually get
some practices we're doing some new
songs I got some hand sanitizer so that
way I don't get sick all right ready to
go I don't have shoes son of a bitch I
didn't bring my shoes I have sandals I
can't play shows that shit sandals son
of a bitch you just you just witnessed a
Charles ISM right there and we get set
up and then look we got a player over
here we got shredder
I'm sorry shredder shredders back feels
like only yesterday not a year ago Jews
will feel something like a year ago we
were here just one year
no more thorough Danny's got a little
friend time get one friend the Shires
back he's even got the frickin Hat hi
wait what's back here condoms and roses
there's a punk rock show Ally's fixing
the lights
I think this might be a little bit
better than dude lighting my lights yeah
but I need a woman's touch but workers
touch though I can't help
leave it to Ali to make everyone go
dangerous bladder
al you gotta have the human squirrel go
do this
to define the Simpsons right now this
might become a problem
I'd like to watching that set I think
we're ready
we have one show the Christmas shows
just for fun
hi I was in your life
right there
they're so bad
that is awesome we thought how we
already and we gave her more to earrings
I just wanted like that you know if you
know Danny and Lindsay have a vlog we're
gonna witness to him his vlogs on our
video hey guys I hope you had a good
time tonight the hometown show was
amazing I think we pulled a magic show
out of our bus but that's because it was
so good and you couldn't tell that the
first time we played the new songs
together in the same room and I'm glad
that everyone came out and you had a
good time Jess great so make sure to go
subscribe to Danny and Lindsay's vlog
the links in description if you have not
subscribed you should be oh via
backslash Danny that's just an you
Duncan we'll see you guys have a good
night we'll see you on if you want to
watch them just related a you should
just go subscribe for Lindsay punch off
your song that's where I get the look at
every time I'm on stage that's Jabez
this badass Emily by the way so everyone
say hi to Emily after show meal a pie
so it's apple an apple pie is does not
count as food you want one for hello
muscles you get often are you waiting
patiently to have to pee this is about
that's a new bell that's your bell my
come on little Butthead let's go P they
go back to the party run too much too
much partying yes that is your mommy
Zoey's a spectator Jeff and Marlee
probably hanging out with narrow draw
hanging out mom are narrowed rocks
addicted she's gonna get the rip and
she's gonna be in heaven
please hang where I was going
let's go
zowie exploded we're gonna lose it a
photographer goes al first time in there
in a while
shredder over here super shredder
because we still haven't gotten you a
shredder shirt
you gotta get your one look at it Zoe
Hornet up there with Cole's be
are you sleepy Zozo he mrs. zackin nerd
rock and coals be already alright guys
so I am exhausted
it's like four or five in the morning
right now everyone's just kind of
falling asleep right now think Josiah
passed out today was an amazing amazing
freaking day walking too deep into it
today is the first time I got back on
the stage in four months meant so much
to me that my family my friends there it
was a little nerve-wracking at first
it's just fun really good very
fulfilling very triumphant if you will
well I just wanted to say thank you for
watching thank you for all the support I
hope you guys definitely enjoyed today's
video because it definitely means a lot
to me I'm sorry I'm pointing to you with
my toothbrush but I am don't forget to
subscribe you guys are brand new and
don't forget to click the little like
button if you guys enjoyed today's video
I will see you guys tomorrow as always
okay love you guys
with sexy
they'll switch
let's go
