good morning Internet time for practice
today this morning near Rock gets out
that he's like hey guys do you have
practice today I'm like what time is
these like two - we had a long day last
night
so we're rushing to band practice right
now because our hometown show is
tomorrow actually and we don't know all
the songs that we're playing nope that's
how we roll
makes things more fun I think flip this
boat around there doc you got it we're
just talking about how this thing is
like a couch the long-standing joke the
couch boat its couch boat I keep upping
the smack near roxor doesn't fall asleep
true so change the channel twice for the
first time ever I'm the last one to go
to practice so we get this thing in here
yeah curb it like a glove oh oh all
right I'm gonna play this for you guys
you have to tell me what it is play let
it stop so I'm doing an experiment today
with Coco Sam of your face wait there we
go
not so close anymore so I'm doing an
experiment today I'm trying to vlog on
my 7dg I have not ever done this before
and I don't know how it's gonna be it's
probably really wobbly I've never used a
big like a full-body wolf you know a
camera like this like a big DSLR to vlog
before and I just wanted to kind of
experiment with it
plus I need to learn how to use this
camera so I'm working on that right now
hopefully I'm not blocking the mic or
something else really stupid like that
does it look okay I don't know if you
guys didn't get is just from that little
bit here we go son of a bitch
who is it
let in daddy we are going to hang on
still learning
we're going to hold
my face is probably way too close to
your face again little rehearsal right
Danny
pops up
it's totally weird it was is that the
offbeat is money arrest eventually
resets yeah one two what was is lighting
a piano on firing record
We The Kings Tennis a delicious they
don't know what I'm saying I just said a
dis fitness too delicious just fitness -
this is Spitz so we just finished a
really good that like lunch dinner at
Whole Foods linic Charles is still
practicing with the boys I'm really
excited for the hometown show I'm
excited because it's gonna be like just
super fun because it's a great show but
also a lot of friends are going to be
there
coming right you're coming right you're
coming right you're coming you better I
think it's not out of focus but to do
this oh that is how I do it watch out
the crop is gonna get you
so you guys opening up the show tomorrow
oh my god
the window doesn't open holy shit hold
on go go away go hey I was like just
sitting here that almost I'm like why is
my foot way there's a frog there's a
frog on my foot I thought it was lit
some blinking in the car surprise though
I didn't freak out as bad as I thought I
would I was relatively calm like Homer
Cole's the snake where's that Texas I
think it's still in Texas until tomorrow
it's how we roll how we roll we don't
own our own the jet yet one cold forget
on that was her jet right my leader
drive got a cutthroat thing going here
he's got the most property she's
probably the most money he's got the
best property it's hard to tell who's
winning you didn't I totally landed on
your property roll yeah no there doesn't
get paid I'm gonna have a thousand
dollars so that really
so like do I tell her - that sucks
pukey have totally does look at what's
happening because he freakin treated
Park Place first one of the dumbest
properties you trade it for like one of
the light blues yeah yeah Cory's been
dipping into the bank to pay Miss
Margaret rent
nowhere near it taking care of the hot
tub
tomorrow so would you like to
demonstrate what's going on in the
fridge currently you know water you get
water this way you wake up all the way
back and I press this thing but you left
your cup under there pissed on the floor
so like I'm right here and then the
trajectory of the water is like we've
decided to fashion a sign and with the
help of data we've fashioned this lovely
sign here water comes out here so
hopefully from now on people will know
that that's where the water comes out
you did it to get water and what all
over this all over myself you're done
because I have never done it and now
that I say that middle one and I'm
probably gonna wake up and piss myself
water what Dennis no but what are you
doing don't
what are you doing by the way I would
have go on record it is not lame to wear
the hoodie of your own band was even
more cool the basis of Iron Maiden does
it all the time and the basis of we the
kings it was allowed there you go I will
see TMX t-shirt so I figure it's totally
okay to put squirrels squirrels Oh see
anything that was scary and I didn't
know your returning attorney I'll return
right gonna turn right
OOP sorry foot slipped so guys tomorrow
is the first time I'll be playing a show
and about four months I think we're
playing about five or six of the 13 of
the new songs kind of like nervous but
I'm actually really really excited
because as you guys have seen in the
past years the hometown show there's
kind of like a fun thing because all the
family and friends kind of just coming
this like a drunken debauchery in the
best way I just wanted to take a minute
and just say it's been like a long
freaking time coming so I'm just kind of
sitting back relaxing and just trying to
take a minute to bring everything back
in like slow it down because when John
came here at kohl's became here we would
just talk about how he can't believe
it's been like four months since I've
seen everyone and actually played a show
where was last one I think was at Fort
Lauderdale at the last time last one of
the Summerfest for whose best four
months have been kind of rough as you
guys already know reading comments in
the tweet the replies from you guys
almost every single day I was really
getting me motivated for this day that's
coming up tomorrow and for the tour
that's coming up March flares didn't
know the March tour dates have been
announced on the wheeler Kings music
calm and go to the tour section so this
would come back right here this is all
because of you guys
there we go bed actually kind of like
vlogging to this thing it's a little bit
different but anyway it's like fun with
it I mean it's not as light as our
traditional cameras on this guy it does
it looks like what do you guys think
should we start vlogging on this thing
or I shouldn't bring that up otherwise
you guys are just going to say yes
although the only thing is that I am
always checking to make sure I haven't
frame so I was like this is cool guy
it's like a is it cool
it's like the computer syndrome when you
look at yourself in the mirror anyway so
we're gonna go to bed guys I hope you
guys enjoyed today's video
I love you guys for brand-new don't
forget to subscribe and we'll see you
guys tomorrow always the focusing on you
my space do you favor my space single
was getting the lights you no regrets
here I'm a single was I even that shot
hi guys
with sexy
who else with me
let's go
