good morning guys today we go get nerd
rock be good we're gonna bring back a
nerd rock you gonna show off all your
toys in Red Rock okay be good in that
toy that I just stepped on host big what
look for a nerd rock we found found a
new rock so good rock lands first thing
we have to do is take them to tea bell
go get the nerd walk oh you have a new
friend who already figure out new rock
walks around with a bag of Doritos
oh that's when that's the first thing
you had on last worked or it was a fanny
pack yeah this I mean currently it
doesn't have anything in it but the
empty fanny pack it's an empty fanny
pack but I think I think it might come
back so we're just waiting on the
delivery right now so we can get all the
stuff for the hometown show which is in
I guess a couple days and nerd rock is
going to break an ankle or a wrist again
same one
hopefully not otherwise we'll all be
like fixing our own stuff you know what
it's like every time we come in here
it's like the Indiana Jones like
warehouse nerd rock and I are genuinely
curious about what's actually in this
thing right flip some of this merch is
like pretty old I think for the hometown
show we're gonna have to have like a
free-for-all garage sale look at this
whole design I remember that that was my
first tour yeah hey this is actually
when you guys first got to experience me
was uh on Valentine's Day it's 2012 in
San Antonio that was that was when you
first met that's when Bryan Williams
called me up and said hey we need
someone to fix all of our guitars we
don't have a guitar tech I remember that
actually gonna watch it was at 2012
February 14 2012 and see if you can spot
inner rock bubbly a passion for beach
balls
remember those if you guys don't know
what I'm talking about just watch some
of the Summerfest tours tour vlogs the
beach balls sound like a fun thing but
just halfway through the vlog IV it
halfway through the tour which it became
like a nuisance anytime you see new Rock
bring him a little mini beach balls him
talk about beach balls does anyone
remember this tour who was there tell me
in the comments
that's my skills right there oh here she
goes I think you have a real problem I
do and this game hates me it does not
hate your job the first step is
admitting you have a problem this is the
original keyless entry mobile for
America it's a Grand Marquis and see no
keys in the ignition
but I start how about that if you guys
didn't know we're the first keyless
entry it's true
where'd you find the hacker so weird
looking I think his name is Bubba it
went straight up Hey look at me
welcome to rock what keeps happening
can't you just turn it off
that was the funniest thing I kept sad
that I couldn't turn the camera on quick
enough like how your reaction was grab
the camera
but no I'm turning it off for us go get
me a towel please I was crazy
I cut the makeup just running it I know
that was pretty awesome and I thought
today was gonna be a boring day you can
do a little touch-up on your makeup you
probably go to dinner a little bit
correction we got our new rock you know
what revises you reminded me I was just
now pinpointing it you remind me of
Chris Crocker well your makeup hanging
down you close the door
sushi sushi time shishi so she decided
to bring their rock sushi I have to
explode the hot tub again oh god that
was a nightmare probably one of the
funniest things we've ever ever got on
camera I really I'm so lucky it didn't
like put an eye out like there's water
honey
oh you shut up the funniest part was
never lucky nerd walk was laying on the
ground and he shot up faster than I
think Zoey did yeah it's like what's
going on
we came to like right about there here
like it started up like that yeah just
push the down lower have you ever had
sea urchin
I think so you should get sea urchin
I don't want it right now I think I have
minute actually Dukey I'm so sorry Mike
apologizing to the Asian kid like he's
personally offended that you can't use
chopsticks yeah firstly offending your
entire culture I'm so sorry
don't stab it you really aren't but no
you are not supposed to stab it that I
better thank you if I stab you
ya know it's a bad omen you should not
do that say say ally look that way in
Interscope Mother of God do you think we
have enough sushi
Charles is eating he's getting he's
getting to enough I don't nothing's
gonna like it no I I don't eat fish or
crab is the first time I've had either
one of those things it's of my knowledge
don't think about the texture I think
about the flavor no I think about the
texting
no I think it's so much hey yeah
it was weird it's like a rubber tender
like a little fish but look like found
it for me
the other ones are hiding somewhere
there's one over there mr. King the
kings slipper down their videos the
leper dog heated game of cornhole myself
don't look on the backwards says cusp a
these and nope nope nope I felt it
myself
yeah oh it was that we got all those
cuts on your hand yes yeah I mean it was
really manual labor is at the heart of
what we do so such a good brother
I wanna show Jake care but really don't
look at the back of him I'm telling you
just don't she was looking at my nose
it's cleaning it out who's cleaning my
nostrils out spring cleaning my dog
loves a common animal is very cute oh he
licked my tongue he did it he probably
just bundle earlier that means I do big
things come on youtubers yes yes we get
250 so we're tied up all right yeah
round to pick it up to 50
oh wow 500 veterans 250 we're going in
mm Wow thousands I haven't tried it yet
I feeling I'm gonna be terrible I don't
think those were words I have a feeling
I'm going to be terrible now that's a
big wave getting nervous
no no no no one is ever shot the moon no
one's ever gotten five thousand never
gonna happen just got two thousand two
thousand Ally just recently got two
thousand just look at Ally termination
right guys well we're gonna go to bed
tomorrow so rehearsals so me a nice busy
day
throw in the comments oh you totally
make fun of Ally for totally exploding
the hot tub didn't explode it you
totally did and everyone in the comments
gonna make fun of you for were down so
we'll see you guys tomorrow as always
have a great night doodles kaboom
toodles
bye guys
to see what you did
with sexy
who else with shops in me
let's go
