anyone in the internet world remember
the cartoon the Snorks dude would go
like this with every yellow the Simpsons
and they look like the aliens from Toy
Story
well you look all pretty right turn
around do a little model with the model
face my she looks pretty I agree
family coffee trip you want coffee no
coffee
want coffee don't say you need coffee
now wake up I don't want to have to have
a coffee powder coffee cough cough cough
don't want to be able to feel any Jesus
is what I need juicy juicy juicy juicy
cough cough now that's gonna poop ask
asked a batch if he can go poop in there
my father asked user restroom is that
open my father has to use the restroom
is that open oh it's a pretty Madison
you're okay dad I'm fine I'll be in the
gum a little Starbucks kitty cat Thank
You cat hi we're
I love black catsup yellow eyes girl
look who's back damn freaking dinosaur
now get the fuck away from here do you
think did you just take a bite out of
that of course it was perfect size love
you mommy
I didn't get me Christmas dinner
probably you might want to do what Zoey
does she's more inclined to get
something than you look to your right
super Marley vision is what Marley sees
every day ma'am
I've realized that Marly looks like a
fish out of water like freaking torture
device isn't it what Zoe looks like holy
crap come here Marley is like no hair
Myra's going bald
that's what we were sweeping up nice
uh-oh Riley he's always in the front
Molly does not like being a second
little scooter bug she's running
sideways so everyone's pretty blown away
with Dennis's little orange kangaroo in
Denmark if you don't know what I'm
talking about watch yesterday's video by
the way yesterday was 1700 days of
concise a consecutive vlogging vlogging
vlogging vlogging million king secular
as you can tell today we're still kind
of recovering from yesterday happy
Boxing Day by the way I guess that's
over in Europe only in Canada maybe ok
in Canada
happy happy Boxing Day it's not what you
think they don't box anyway so here's a
little question I want to ask you guys
tell me in the comments a nice little
fun little thing tell me a color that
doesn't have the letter e in it in the
comments tell me actually kind of harder
than you think there are some in there
yeah if you go like green yellow orange
blue all E's so think of a color and it
doesn't have a letter E and tell me in
the comments it's harder than you
actually think even if you see the
rainbow there's one that doesn't there
you go nice little CTFxC brain 'i'm
question and now we're gonna go meet up
with everyone have dinner I think we're
gonna meet a dot Ted's house
shut up you're ruining it you're ruining
the game so before we go to our little
dinner party we got to go to our
favorite place the booze Palace Palace
Oh booze get the booze that I can't
drink I also lose a hand I had to get
some seltzer water that's my that's my
booze sparkling lemonade oh yeah mama
gala gonji mama Bridget that's turkey
cooking up a storm in the air I want you
to show them your Christmas present
that's really cute you can you show it
it's yours give me the Grand Tour ah do
not cross body
oh how fancy
what was your favorite gastric isthmus
oh I got this really cool thing what is
that it's a Cuisinart blender thing and
you don't need to use a blender you put
like the ingredients for soup in a pot
and then stick the stick and it blends
it all up okay so we're simply I don't
know Smike thing sweat stick I am ah
party party party
is that your favorite thing to do yet
and that would be the dance floor to
ourselves
yeah yeah cuz we're gonna take it we're
gonna take it over anyway we're gonna
we're gonna punch everyone
they're beautiful so as you guys can see
everyone went out to the Santa stumble
or whatever it's called I didn't really
feel like going because obviously I
can't drink so it's not very much fun
for me so I said my Seltzer is lemonade
Oh too much lemon so I'm having a movie
night I can barely talk right now to the
boy then my mouth is closing so I'm
having a movie night with the little
bitches right now I'm basically taking
your as advice and watching some awesome
movies the number-one movie right now on
Netflix you guys told me to watch was
the Italian job surprisingly I have not
seen this movie but it's got Mark
Wahlberg Charlize Theron Theron right
Jason Statham oh by the way this is one
thing I wanted to bring up Ali said this
before has Jason Statham ever been in a
movie with more than one word I think
every single movie she pointed out has
always been just a one-word title so I'm
gonna watch that now if you guys have
any other Netflix movies or TV shows
please tell me in the comments also if
you guys didn't know I've said this
before in the past
Netflix hooked up the CTFxC with a free
one-month trial if you guys have been
waiting for that moment to try Netflix
here's a chance if you go to netflix.com
slash CTFxC you can sign up and get a
free month trial you can check out all
these TV shows that we're always talking
about so to be completely honest on top
of getting your free one-month trial
using that URL
it makes the CTFxC look badass and it
actually helps the show and and you get
a free three months nothing to lose
alright so I'm gonna watch this movie
like you guys told me and eat my
applesauce yes applesauce I've been at
applesauce since I was eight you guys
want to know how you eat applesauce like
a badass with a fork
most apples we're my manners you guys
want some was like puke
spin sure she's like no I can't drop
drunk Ali any walls always passed out
where I should be - are you excited
nervous will be here tomorrow
yay we have to tell you guys not to stay
with us for the whole time Thanks huh
I like how they pull their blocks coming
tomorrow you dazzle all right thank you
yeah that's pretty good break down the
frostings
you step you know now you wonder why she
she's the dirty dancing
I think it's surfing that's the new
that's the new craze
with sexy
- ants with me
let's go
