hello and Merry Christmas guys Merry
Christmas Marley so let's go show Ally
she's calling for you why are you
shaking she's keeping the beat all Hood
gangster I'm so sorry Internet I had to
show this is Marley pooping in that
thing I'm sorry it's so funny this is so
degrading come on Dennis it's Christmas
but why so we got chunky this year your
hoodie doesn't fit anymore oh did you
bunk up which one's her when she's
smelling barley Zoey Christmas they know
hide it radix to the Snickers bar that
yours all right
dennis has a little magic trick for you
guys put the pressure on me I want you
guys to think of a number between one
and five all right
and once you have that number multiply
that number times nine okay and whatever
number you end up with if it's two
digits add those two digits together
okay and once you've added those two
digit together
subtract five from that number okay and
then once you get that number I need you
to fix a letter to the number if a is 1
B is 2 C is 3 and so on the founda got
your letter okay think of a country that
begins with that letter okay and then
once you do that take the last letter of
the country and think of an animal that
starts with that letter
okay take the last letter of that animal
and think of a color hold on Internet
play along - no just a baby way off base
why not because you're suggesting might
be the outlier is you supposed to be on
an orange kangaroo on your way - didn't
work
definitely Denmark but it was koala and
Internet didn't get yours kangaroo is
the only way it'll play into the which
is pretty funny
oh that's tiny it includes a cupcake pan
so I can make it in my oven I used to
always get easy baby and it was so much
fun I don't want it you should bring it
out to perform you I'll be your
Christmas present I'm not supposed to do
this
Merry Christmas mom are they gonna mess
no she made a little squeak noise Oh her
butt is so funny she's like a tiger
she's like masters you must open this
for me and they're defeated to me
got some Hot Wheels bra yeah they're all
Ferraris
I remember the one bad thing I did was
when I was little remember micromachines
I stole some micro machines when I was
in preschool because they were the
helicopter remember where they came up
with a helicopter and plane versions
yeah to let the cat have her moment
thank you
so he this one get it get that one get
it out Zoey she's like I really wanted
all those cat toys cats are getting high
scissors okay yeah they're very grumpy
it's Christmas they'll be so grumpy she
wants the box gives you that's that box
is a little too small for you all right
go open what are the presents for me to
help you by eating that Snickers oh it's
my yearly shoes Lauren and Dennis's uh Q
just kind of nicely saved my shoes
you're getting raggedy pal and jump high
you got a big sausage apparently I asked
the woman and she said they renamed it
because beef stick was just not PC it
does match so that's from me in Charles
that's for me in Charles and that's from
me feel not from Santa
I was literally spraying the last of
this oh I can smell good pushing it up
she's going absolutely over there
way cool yeah thank you so this was for
my mom and Marley
maybe got into it just a little bit but
I ate the chocolate out of there she
actually didn't eat any of the
chocolates she ate it really here over
there acting not guilty she's shaking
she's like I knew was coming soon so I
had to hide don't step on the things
that are meant to be stepped on there
you go oh my god okay now I always ask
Ali's can look good lighting can look
good by the way guys when I said Fred
juillet that means you guys didn't ever
see the Christmas story that's where
that's from everyone just thought I
couldn't say the word fragile it's for
meal this is actually really cool
and it's a part present for my dad
because he gets to install it and when
Alec turns the air too high I can go in
my bed to do it really low for my iPhone
wherever on that you got some undies I
don't know found it yeah keep that away
from Tyson
oh no he would just like swap of it
alright this is there's one in here that
you guys didn't ruin because a couple
people actually haven't replied Ali with
the last couple of them so this is the
one I had to keep completely secret for
you guys alright now this is from Noddy
Stan as well what is it I completely
drowned what it is
that the one you wanted yeah you like it
got your new little baby
Merry Christmas says Oh Merry Christmas
Koko okay Merry Christmas mom are you
gonna go play on your new camera so
Ally's gonna film me I'm gonna use this
as well so Zoey's aware that you're
doing this right now she's not very
happy sir we are too close to an airport
you cannot do that tell how I can get
off huh oh my god I lost it boom that's
a problem here it goes
how's it going keep crashing into our
neighbor's house
that's gone but the Amazon drone I
learned a trick did it for playing a
game called bread and Zoe's jowls yes
it's a surprise we've been doing this
prank 20 minutes are you doing everyone
says you got better at your cookie
motherf beef stick this is part tortured
her would you make little crystal
burgers let me do it
maybe burgers oops there you drop some
in your water drop some get your present
but now you want it huh but she goes
what do you got you have no games though
this was me like 20 years ago playing
Nintendo for the first time
let's go play with the Xbox one come
back yeah she jumped up there and tried
to piss off Zoe and then your dad give
her a blanket that's what you're worried
about
do you have a Merry Christmas yeah yeah
get a set up all your stuff tomorrow yes
I'm going to spend all day doing crazy
amounts have yourself a merry little
breads men you have a good Christmas you
know but you only got one thing well I
guess you can use all that other stuff
too it's kind of like for both of us
like the lights and stuff
it's true the funniest thing ever was
Ali was like no I want to stuff the
PlayStation for it's mine and I was like
since I got me a thermostat so I was
like oh the thermostats mine so you
can't ever touch it so I have control I
soul control over the house air
conditioning now you gonna have the
toilet seat you have the toilet seat out
of there I could add the thermostat
that's fine with me
hope you guys had a great Christmas like
I said if you guys don't celebrate
Christmas a happy 25th of December I'll
see you guys tomorrow as always hope you
had a great day thanks for watching
don't forget to subscribe you guys
rand-new
love you guys doodles
see what you did sense
right
with sexy
they'll switch
let's go
