good morning guys happy Christmas Eve
Marley's in her shame window do you want
to say what happened
don't tell the Internet please remember
a yesterday Ali was said to have to go
in the closet because she had some food
in there and some yes well I heard some
rummaging and I came around the corner
I'm not gonna go in there now but Marley
opened all the food like an idiot
Ali ran off to do some last-minute
Christmas shopping on Christmas Eve mind
you which is insane obviously I had no
desire to partake in that because I
don't want to punch somebody anyway it's
like your mother cornered model he was
getting into the food so she's in her
shame window right now I caught you I'm
pretty sure I know what it was
we're gonna call Ali because if I don't
she's gonna think I did it sorry Marley
gonna throw you under the bus oh now
it's us blacks this poor connection will
resume automatically you have two
guesses why Marley's in her shame window
right now is in her shame window she
broke into the closet because you left
it open and you can probably guess what
she did after that
so check out what you did why why did
you eat this why did you eat make up
there's nothing in here hey look at me
no no look at me no do you even feel bad
look at me you will need to apologize
look at me
are you sorry look at me
are you sorry
how can you not forgive that face y'all
I can't see people in this world people
who love Christmas music and people hate
Christmas music where do you fall get
your flower killed it I know it's
already dead
what are you gonna do try to glue it on
you might as well just kept it
you don't like my flower because I get I
did it for love you killed something
nobody's happy every time I come home
five minutes or five hours she bring you
Marley Christmas bandanas was mustaches
are you comfortable can I have a blanket
you think I can have one you've a very
pretty singing voice so please be the
stinker today
big old stinker malee she forgets gate
now heck is that somebody got you a bird
well these want the same leave sit down
on another leaf like the same leaf again
what the life again what does that nose
telling you more good bounce over the
fence get is oi
it goes back in the fence the difference
is again with Zooey and Marley Marley
gets out and runs and finds a dead bird
Zoey just gets her stick and run did you
escape the rock again get over there I'm
I'm Nicolas Cage to your Tom Connery get
back in there
go back in you know how to get back oh
wait how do you do this let's see what
you guys do this is actually really nice
what are you doing I'm not partaking
that so I made the mistake of putting
the jacket down on the bed and she
started like making dough on it and
scratching it and biting in because she
loves the sound leather and I tried to
move her and she opened up my finger can
you get off please Gothel jacket put
kitchen get kitchen get off the jacket
get off the jacket
dip move get don't get off the jacket
it's line it belongs to her now I guess
here it is I'm almost done wrapping
we've got some other things along the
way had to sort of patch up what Marley
effed-up Christmas Eve always have
Chinese food because they're the only
ones that are open beef teriyaki meet
Justin got the mystery meat mystery meat
stick fortune cookie time now it looks
like crap now it's time to try something
try something new I forgot the word new
why couldn't they just put new up there
was something and then they add these
creepy emoticons this is a crazy fortune
I think for for me to get I'm not
technically involved in medical research
but I did donate to it does that count
is this fortune right just read it
friends a long absent are coming back to
you
traditional cookie contest kcon I think
I'm gonna win
I wonder what the ears are like how many
times you won
who mr. Grinch green he looks like green
and this all green oh I feel like
further every single year you realize
that we cannot be a caterer decorators
what is this one this one's kind of cool
that's Alice so I got Wi-Fi
I got edge and 3G now you're just making
them to eat 4G no I'm still stuck in 3G
my network still hasn't upgraded three
years in a row let's try to make a
tasting cookie in the comment does
anyone have like a montage of the casing
cookies that we have if you do tweet it
to us I want to see this good guys it
looks like it looks like Captain Crunch
oh no it looks like those yogurts that
you that come with a sprinkle yeah that
Jess and I were trying something we put
the sprinkles on the plate he not
flipped it around that a cake and slam
it on there didn't work didn't work -
watch did or it looks like if you make
like a fruity pebble that's rice
krispies treat it does look like fruity
pebbles
Johnny gets big head through there you
take a liter face see the little drummer
boy
Domeier John it's so cute and so mad oh
so you get one present tonight which one
do you want for 21 so what do you want
cuz you were a good girl this year I
hope that they're all like a blanket
you gotta work on your mouth geez was it
cool I had to kill a guy do we even know
any games not getting the games what's
in it
what are you it's just the box and
that's not what was it I was thinking
about he's staking out a spot for your
Christmas presents What's Wrong baby are
you in the woods getting there what I
couldn't tell
oh yeah daddy and doggy and you have
some kind of disgusting shiny slime on
your hoodie it'll be good me
I think Kobe might have gotten you or
maybe Tyson bubbled on you she's falling
asleep while I'm vlogging so comfortable
like a body color she's like a heater
alright guys this is Ali's Christmas Eve
dance Santa's coming
if you guys are up Santa can't come and
get you stuff so we'll see us tomorrow
if you guys are brand-new to the videos
don't forget to subscribe and don't
forget to click the like button if you
guys enjoyed today's video as well if
you go celebrate Christmas there's a
happy merry December 25th alright bye
guys
poodles Turtles Merry Christmas
with CTFxC
they'll switch
let's go
