ladies and gentlemen this is a Reese's
Cup that weighs one pound it's a real
thing got more alley Christmas presents
handle with care' frigiliana girls wrap
the presents I don't like doing this so
after the presents don't yell like
you're bored do it do it that's not it
it's closed I hope you can hear me it's
really really windy you probably can't
hear me we are at a beach that we used
to come to all the time when we were
kids I think I've been here before in
the vlogs but super windy but it's a
beautiful day and we are going to check
and see if our names that we carved in
the rocks are still there from like
maybe 10 years ago so okay so that
seagull is yelling at other seagulls oh
oh you're meaning it so it's super high
tide right now and normally we would not
have to be doing all of this we had to
walk like way out and it's really cold
you can make it you can make it it start
cutting over there's like rocks right
here you can stand on
yeah you just do it really awkward like
I'm gonna do so here we go cuz our old
standard it's so fun here one time I
went swimming Oh
one time I went swimming in here when it
was like during a storm and the waves
were crashing this part was crashing so
high up in there
oh girl go girl this is the most
dangerous part well because you can fall
and hurt yourself but also because this
is where the water can splash up and
ruin your whole day so we think that
they were over here somewhere but they
might all be gone now a lot of people do
this oh no here they are well it was Jes
even Kenley I forgot about that
we got Three Stooges what are you eating
she's eat grass she's way too quick it's
always like oh I don't care how many
ting a steak
get him are getting my she's using me as
an obstacle now don't use me as a
blocker
this dog is insane go anywhere now she's
me fired got you got you look at that
tongue hanging out up got it where are
you
what you doing my deaf side down feeling
good was she good I'm shooting the floor
she's such a good sport
playing with shoes okay I'm sorry I took
your shoe hey don't mess with kitchen
shoes ever
so you don't mess with their shoes let's
just push it closer to her so she have
it there you sure
well now you want to be cute you can all
be cute
hell he's disgusting
growth now she went back to the shoes
those your shoes
poor Zoe O's will walk around the cat so
Hanna and I made the mistake of doing
this which is coming to the mall two
days before Christmas so you know when
holiday shopping gets you down she's got
a pop in for a little free massage after
your local birthstone you just take your
shoes off
this girl no shame I love it oh I don't
know is that a separate deal practice
makes better so today was a little bit
better day guys
I just wanted to thank you so much for
all your love and support and the
comment sister I was blown away like I
said sometimes it's just a crappy day
and just can't get out of it actually
today really focused and playing music
and that really helped a lot because I
go saying yesterday the hometown shows
coming up and I'm just trying to make
sure everything is good on my part
because it's gonna be the first time I
played a show I don't mean rekt I think
this is the last day on Summerfest
that had have been like last August or I
think it was the beginning of September
so September October November December -
almost four months my hand is I'm trying
to get my hand working a little bit
better so he and I somehow survives the
majority of the mall there were a few
hiccups you can say we avoided the
traffic by miraculously going in the
back entrance because I used to live
really close to here so I kind of knew
where to go but now we're at a
restaurant that is I don't know it's
crazy I don't get it it's crazy
sighs yes that you have here okay anyway
I don't want to ramble too much good I
did a lot of that yesterday but I just
really honestly wanted to say thank you
guys for letting me vent every once in a
while I feel like at this it's healthy
to vent and just express otherwise it
just bottles up and then you get like
really crazy it's like whoever said that
on the comments that yesterday so you
can be dealt a crappy hand and still win
and that really honestly woke me up and
kind of like maybe stop thinking
terrible thoughts without fail every
time I play bases so we're so adorable
they always come and just like lay next
to me I think it's the low-end frequency
hey anyway so we're gonna start focusing
on these songs gotta want to screw up on
the 29th for the hometown show like I
said if you're in town come to the
hometown show link for the tickets are
in the description below so you guys can
get all the information so that way
there's no excuses and the good news is
if you can't come to the hometown show I
think we actually have a tour in March
so if you go to we the Kings music calm
and go to the tour section you can see
all the tour dates don't worry if you're
if your city is not on there don't worry
we'll all eventually get there promise
actually I'm pretty sure we're gonna be
touring the hell out of 2014 or
somewhere somehow oh right down there
yeah I actually basically lied the real
reason I got this tattoo is if I ever
forget the name of the album I could
just like look at my chest
what are you doing what are you doing
that is not a chicken wing what is your
foot stop it to go well come on I'm
hungry come on please
so did you get at the mall nothing and
don't go in my closet wait don't go
where no no Charles is beyond this point
do not enter why I'm nothing to sign on
the door oh that's good really I
wouldn't walk in like oh wait there is a
sign I should probably not go in there
right go in there tell me what it is
what is there ooh
Marly went in the closet
brother what was it
what'd you find Marly I feel like I need
to be institution I'm its national life
institutionalize it's the word that's
looking for the whole time I was walking
around the mall just like yes listen
keep go away last Dave counter really
that bad it was unbelievable there they
were like well you did go on Christmas
Eve this there Macy's is open until for
another hour until 2:00 a.m.
really what are they even doing in there
I would walk in front of the Santa
'mobile well tomorrow's Christmas Eve
town's gonna bed
Ali's fallen asleep tired some sleep
I'll see you guys tomorrow if you guys
are brand into the videos don't forget
to click the little subscribe button and
I hope you guys enjoyed today's video
we'll see you guys tomorrow
kudos
which
let's go
