family golf cart day
my tattoo hurts just a little bit that's
why I've been wearing tank tops like
every single day
Holly's down here cuz the shirts keep
like rubbing on it how do you feel after
last night crostini Bareilles ally good
we had the cops talk by the way if you
guys couldn't guess it was going to
happen that was probably my first time
ever
luckily there were really nice secure my
way
hello
the hell like I do I'm traveling these
were so big it's really nice out flutter
Christmas Zoe do you wanna go down what
are you doing liji wants down below okay
well
oh not off set you want to go over here
there yeah there everyone settle down
everyone's got a seat Holly for hi how
are they tally for what is stopping
having fourth that's something for it go
for it go for it go for it the squirrel
Valley tally for Tallyho there yeah
let's go forth Ali thinks my tattoos hot
Ally mister we're gonna split holy shit
flip I've done worse here's this world
ally actually this so many squirrels
first all the giant Gator I think you
take 3 how many times are we to change
positions spoiled on a strange person
I'm doing your teacher on the version of
the Mad Hatter there's a lot of fun
oh I remember that one oh my head Oh
keep your two
hello my chin okay Zoey mommy's driving
ah good jump freakin crazy Dan in an in
a nerd is that even it Danny
meenie minee go ahead what is always
face what techniques always had the
crazier than I am on Singh so I got the
craving for sliders I've never made
sliders but it's just like mini burgers
how hard can it be
mmm delicious
I succeeded never mind this I did not
cut myself what could go wrong right
that's why you never say at the
beginning of something no these are my
sliders my sliders if you guys didn't
know we have a hometown show coming up
to 29th of December actually it's gonna
be our first show coming back fully to
play a full set it'll actually be
hometown of brain tune Florida I'll put
a link down there in the description if
you guys actually come I want ton of
CTFxC ears there we're actually really
playing some of the new songs so I'm
actually kind of practicing them
this kind of fun excite last time I
played some of these these tracks where
actually when we recorded them basically
having to listen to all the songs again
and just remember every single thing
over and over again anyway so I want to
make sure all the CTFxC r--'s knew about
the hometown show links down there in
the description that's the 29th of
December so that's what six seven days
with the 26:47 so it's five days
literally five days from now you can get
all the tickets down there in the
description all the informations in the
description the top link I think that's
art of war that it I think that's it
next your head with spiky goodness is a
sex writer this is amazing even got like
a skull look how flattering this is on
my face I love it you won't get hurt
ever wear that any motorcycle this is
probably safer what I got also if you
turned your head because like the air is
this interpreting clear whiplash from
your head protection design oh I'm a
crooked being it's not coping this is
what I want this is what I want for
Christmas buy it for me sad buy it and
buy it old Christmas Messiah you know
what don't get mad at me if you actually
like Justin Bieber I support it I don't
I mean I don't care what about his new
movie I saw somebody tweeting about it I
think Tyler Oakley was tweeting about
how Justin Bieber apparently has a new
movie out where he like explains all of
the reasoning behind all the things he's
gotten in trouble for I agree with Tyler
on this one I don't know if I care so
much about this one I loved the first
Bieber movie I thought it was really
entertaining but yeah uh why you're not
even a real person but are you what's up
is that
ruin it is like it looks like tremor
like something like I guess my foots
gonna blow you have a massive foot you
think isn't a good okay like I forgot
again I don't want to put my hand by it
cuz I don't want it to move hey guys so
I just kind of wanted to talk about how
feeling right now that was promised you
guys when I was vlogging this whole
situation that would tell you guys the
ups and downs today is kind of one of
those down like emotionally down one
those days is just like no way you can't
get out of that funk you know like it's
just like I kind of like think about
everything as like a giant like
everything I can't break it up I just
think about like how sometimes it feels
like it was just delving it really shit
and and like why it's like one of those
like wimey situations you can't like
shake it out of your head the last
couple hours it's just been like one of
those kind of things and that I just
can't get out of it and it's just been
really bothering me I felt like I've
done everything good at life I felt like
I did good things for other people
Tiger was over hi I know I'm sorry I
know you don't like when I'm upset and
I'm sorry I doing this on camera but
like I always promise with the vlogs to
be open and vlog how I feel the whole
point of this whole situation is to film
the ups and downs sometimes I get so
overwhelming cuz you think about how
scary everything is and I'm trying to
stay positive but I'm trying to just go
forward but sometimes just get so hard
in each can't you find yourself like
thinking about all the negative I know
if I tell in the last couple days you
can probably tell that I was kind of in
a little weird funk but I kind of sit
down I was sitting on the couch I was
like you know what you know what good I
have I have to tell him I have to be on
this woman somebody on Twitter wrote
something that's really inspiring and I
wanted to share it to you guys but I was
saying like how I just felt like I was
dealt like a really to be hand they made
a good point that like you could still
win with a and it's just how you play it
when I kind of stopped when I was
reading that sounds cheesy but it's
actually true and it kind of got me a
little bit more a little happier I like
kind of stopped and it was just sort of
smiling a little bit so I just wanted to
say
you guys any of anyone else is going
through situation like this or worse
that if you felt like you were dealt
like a stand you could still win with
dinner hand I'm sorry that's not
everywhere so I'm probably gonna go bad
right now
so I'll see you guys smiles always love
you guys thank you for watching I'll see
you tomorrow
you see what you did
receipt a vaccine
with me
- err
- else with me
can't tell me
let's go
