last night I was going to give the dogs
a cookie and that we got those Christmas
cookies and I thought this was like a
cookie that you brought these aren't
your cookies right out there cookies
that you brought and I was like wait
these are this way to
interesting-looking ice or DEA literally
ate almost the whole cookie it's a dog
cookie though try it just try it you try
it
did you see what right does the
conundrum probably has like a weird is
it like dry though no little treats yes
I've eaten general tree I was like
confused I was like are you sure these
are for dog but you sure I got confused
I thought like maybe these were people
treats grocery shopping the Saturday
before Christmas brilliant idea the
worst mistake something that bothers me
that probably stupid it shouldn't is
what people say sweet potatoes it's
sweet potato
I don't mind it bothers me not kidding I
literally just heard three people
walking through the vegetable aisle
three people say sweet potato
so I just got a text message saying
Ali's other Christmas present just
arrived so I run over there because they
closed in like 15 minutes
so alleys all alleys Christmas presents
are finally here so that way she'll be
nicely surprised I don't think she has
any idea which is actually really funny
I'm not telling you guys because you
guys almost ruined it last time so it'll
be surprised to you guys too cause I had
to get out of the frickin grocery store
was driving me crazy
felt guilty about the codes so here's
more Merry Christmas
spread it take know I'm not supposed to
eat it get it she's like looking at you
guys for like assurance good go ahead
she really hates the texture I think
that's what it is she looks disgusted
ready one two three but at a time come
on Belle you eat bananas now yeah good
job Marley there's no way in hell Zoey
would eat that potato chips she do this
dedication that's all she wants this
food but you if you throw it out further
she'd go out to get it
Teddy what we're gonna test this theory
better get it there we go look she's
like gonna go get it whoa she didn't
know that would that will be the end of
your life no no it's very cold she
wouldn't go over a chip but she went for
that ball so are you trying to sit she
she's either gonna poop or she's trying
to sit
it's kind of funny they both have a
really good memory where the old one is
I see you did you see her doing that I
rollin it is a puppy spa so you know the
cameras on now I don't want to do this
they trying to beat your record Ali is
the ultimate pinball champion in this
house
it's very embarrassing to lose to her
yeah girl yeah holy because her girl
no because I bought the damn thing cuz I
thought I was good at it and then you
come and you're like go way better at it
I love pinball just like it's some of
the Grand Theft Auto missions I couldn't
beat so I just had to beat them for me
thank you
100% Christine not me
I doubt wait let me see that was that me
you suck sit up so everyone can see what
you did to the table the chair know what
stomp on it get that perfectly nice
chair over there that your purse is
housing Wow Chuck okay we're trying to
look at Christmas lights it's so dark
we're looking for a Starbucks in the
first time in my life we can't actually
find one are your spidey sense going
I'm tingling somewhere I don't want to
know about your do I'm slightly tingling
yeah hey you guys know what a Starbucks
is that way thank you this way Neptune
master of the sea when we go so we went
to Starbucks to get some holiday
beverages I've had the pumpkin spice and
I really liked it but I want to do
something for Christmas I got peppermint
mocha
I don't really like their hot chocolate
sorry I don't think that the Starbucks
people are going to care that much but I
don't really like the hot chocolate but
I'm getting any are they video bombing
but I'm getting you know kind of okay
with this style for the sort of tastes
like a flavored hot chocolate but it's
really good I'm just gonna keep talking
so they can keep doing this I'm sure
you're not listening to what I'm saying
anyway look at the lies they look so
pretty I'm glad you got to see it well
Cowen welcome to Florida where there's
Christmas on the beach it's 80 degrees
and it doesn't feel like the holidays
it's really fun hey I love it I I grew
up with this and I love it
party planning right so here we've got
all these variations of tequila you're
gonna get something really nice for the
party goodness you're like I should be
doing this better now that I've been to
Australia I weren't really good what
sounds really good I feel like you
should be doing in Spanish yes this is
tequila which is like the classic
you've got like the queen of oh and
that's kind of a mid-range I'm not
really much in Tibet one couple that
have some really nice bottles if you're
into that corner design lots of good
tequila hey feel like should be Spanish
why not then a will happy but pick the
peanut way what he didn't even you
didn't listen to you you Ally getting
the party set up do you think you guys
got enough where's my seltzer water guy
might I'm going to be partying up
chilling in the fridge I'm gonna be
partying a lot tonight got my cell to
water and eggnog hey you want to try
this it's called the Charles spritzer
I'm a granite juice seltzer the fresh
lemon well sour though right whoa
that'll get you drunk pride oh I like
sour I propose a toast in our tiny
little red cups to Yuki who just
graduated and to Charles for the album
release and to everybody else for a
happy healthy New Year and all that shit
Oh your party in bingo then look at it
you know when Ali's drunk the Spanish
comes out everything's every single time
yeah I'm Carly's really protective of it
like she does not let go hide not a
party for him party pooper
use your stairs that's not your stairs
drunk alleys full your water water
everywhere because my friend is
apparently distant cousins of beyond
state I should go get with those drug
tests
I
touch my finger and touch your nose
thanks for pretty good
no you're wasted did you just clean that
water down Zoe's butter my butter I
Lindsay just demonstrated how to pick up
Danny properly monkeytoes slicing
the light outside
Danny's very courteous parked outside
shut the door shut the door I want to
think that like she has warmed up to me
but she why is my beer pocket this is my
brother's shirt I have no idea and
somebody just put this like right
brilliant I can't believe you let her
use that I mean it's got the strap on it
like what I'm just going to look away in
410 yeah so we so I was like stop
filming me Ali's a little drunk just a
little bit interpretation of the dogs
guard more
so Danny and I are having a very big
wager right now against the pinball I'll
let you explain it okay since I'm I'm
confident that I'm obviously going to
win against Charles the waitress if I
win
Charles simply tweets me a coffee if I
lose which isn't going to happen
obviously I have to clean his pool like
like a pool boy no that's that's real
oozing I want to win this Lord the
wedding gets applied at a legal or
something like that I just know it just
got real second point you go secondary
unclear - that has zeros I just have
three million three million I mean that
wasn't like an impressive little mouth
I'll tweak to the coffee right now wait
we're idiot
we have like three balls yeah what go to
the pole - no way - there's no way I'm
going Polar Bear Club I'm in my boxers
all right I think I gotta I don't look
at the moment or see it means is cold
blues ice 68 go go go says the guy from
Boston are you not going Boston water
basketball this is war with iou and
coffee
all right December's the numbers don't
lie yeah you lucked out because this is
probably gonna be a disgusting pool yeah
there's a lot of people that pull dad
you know I'm clean
your coffee has been tweeted sir man of
your word I can't wait to use this ball
Sam thank you pause write down its skill
is that a big deal
David I really wanted you to clean my
pool now special all these people yeah
the hundreds of people swimming in it
now always like go to bed you guys go
home guys are drunk whoo
fun day alright guys hope you enjoyed
today's video don't forget to subscribe
to guys are brand new and I'll see you
guys tomorrow as always doodles
hands will key
we're sittin back seat
with shipping
send it back
- else with me
let's go
