it's Delia good afternoon in our
afternoon Internet I get to go buy
things because Delta said they I could
because they lost all my stuff oh how
does that happen I got excited are you
trapped in there
I felt trapped so this is the first time
getting the Dry Valleys new car because
we got a new car
I guess our new car cuz we're married
because we got it yeah that's real
because we got it just before I left for
tour so I didn't get a chance to drive
it much I got to go by like when I said
a second ago
Delta lost my bags so they said to go
buy a couple things and that they'll
take care of it and hopefully by the
time the weekends they'll find the stuff
so they said to do this in the meantime
so I got a good some replacement cuz
this sucks they lost my Chargers they
lost my cables they lost my SD cards but
it's cool that they're like yeah at
least they stay behind stick behind it
we'd have a lot of these extra things
but we searched like Charles and I will
the other day were yesterday we were
looking at all of our drawers and stuff
trying to find like a lot of these
things that he's you know talking about
like cables and chargers he took like
three of literally like the three cables
that we had that we needed
he took because if I ever got one or
lost one it's very ironic the situation
happened but long story short it's okay
they're gonna hopefully follow my bag by
the end of the week it's somewhere in
the world don't know where they could be
anywhere from Perth Australia to Tampa
Florida that's I wish somebody would
sign it and write something on your bags
today I would have to say cherry and
chocolate literally
your face is so out of focus and blurry
I don't know if you guys knew this a
nerdy thing but they brought back the
old Nokia phone that was actually one of
the first cell phones I ever had was it
touched mine was yellow though no it's
not touch again this is like from a 1999
yeah probably only has snake on it
well actually has Twitter so it's a
little bit more advanced we got the car
obviously and we never had a chance to
name this car I think I did this last
time for when I got the other car Ali
has an idea and I feel like it's way too
dumb to actually write so you guys have
to give a suggestion was yours Mary Jane
why because so if you guys become
something better let me know in the
comments is so good and I know you guys
all love my my joke yesterday
your dad Bonjour that's worse than error
what's worse than a mom joke yeah what's
worse than a mom Joe a dad bod my wife
is awesome it came to me like most
people are gonna start using that bring
the balls Lola you're so sweet awesome
job it you're like a crazy Marley come
on move all ready all right the plastic
so I had to buy these but look it says
Impreza it does look at that it's a
wrong car so I had to buy these
obviously the health is not buying those
because those weren't hot in my suitcase
yeah Delta I had six gallons of
distilled water anyway the reason why I
have to get these is because the last
couple times that I've been driving my
freakin golf cart they died and
apparently the reason is because there's
no water in the golf cart batteries so
hopefully they're not completely dead so
I have to pull water and before I Drive
them again because that's actually why
isn't that what killed the last golf
cart
you just watching people watching over
here
I'm sorry that may have been
so we got a little notification saying
our neighbor finally got him in this is
so good
I ain't been working out so hard to eat
these I think well here's the good thing
we got all this and it helps her so it's
like she's like a cookie drug lord so
which ones do we get here we got Samoas
trefoils which are my favorite at dos
Eidos right Tagalongs
and then Thin Mints which were the
classics and she she saved these for us
the new s'mores ones you like those ones
alright and vote up there in the little
I which Girl Scout cookie is your
favorite like I said mine I like the
simple trefoil
then go to the back move it on back move
it on back
alright there was this keep it right
there okay guys this is kind of
embarrassing this is now my eighth take
trying to do this I just I can't every
time I try to talk about something like
this I end up like second-guessing what
I'm saying and I just scrap everything
so this is eighth take this is this is
the Vietnam this is gonna be the one
yesterday I tweeted something along the
lines of VidCon and the community and
things like that if you're not you have
no idea what I'm talking about that
means you're not following me on Twitter
for shame I'm just kidding or am i I'm
just kidding but I saw a few guys asking
why I said that where that came from and
what I was referring to is this year I'm
gonna just throw it out there right now
I did not get an invite to this year's
VidCon which I'm gonna be completely
honest it does hurt because I've gone to
every single one I may have missed one
because of tour but almost every single
VidCon I was that the first one I know
that first second third and may may be
missed a fourth or fifth I can't
remember which one but I was there since
the beginning along with and here's what
I'm this is why I hope we did what I did
over the course of last few days and
maybe a week or so I noticed a lot of
what's this called oh gee youtubers
people who've done these videos on the
YouTube in this platform I've done it
like 13 years like 10 13 years was to
say that was love all these guys and
that same thing but they're not getting
in
to the event as well here's what sucks
it's like I get it you know I'll be the
first to admit I understand my views
aren't what they used to be and I
understand the relevancy thing and the
need to keep things fresh and new
because the platform is massive compared
to what it used to be what I find I want
to say wrong but disappointing is that
there's a lot of these old G youtubers
or these old school youtubers that are
still making amazing content or still
crushing it and there's they're not
getting these invites it's heartbreaking
because these events started because of
an idea based around the community the
creators the viewers everyone as a whole
sake the YouTube community they were
conceived with the idea of bringing the
community together I've noticed over the
course of the years last few years that
things were starting to get bigger and
bigger which I understand businesses
need to grow and it's very important
that they do and I'm gonna go on record
too and I am so happy for John and Hank
for creating this amazing thing because
I have so many amazing memories from
VidCon but what I mean is like I've seen
as the thing got bigger that it became
less and less about the community and
more and more about the business side if
that makes any sense and going back what
in the how many years it's been like
eight or nine years of VidCon and going
back to the first ones you know where it
was just a few people showing up and
going - it was a hotel okay I remember
the first one it was a hotel it was a
lobby it was so small and the reason why
I remember it so well is mister building
for Saved by the Bell
was there also perfect example how
awesome the community is I lost my
camera my vlogging camera back then and
all I did was I tweeted out saying hey
you know I lost my camera if anyone
finds it you can keep the camera just
bring me the SD card and an amazing
person I can't don't remember the name I
really wish I did because it would be
really awesome to say their name right
now if you did it and you're watching
these videos you know exactly I'm
talking about brought me the camera the
SD card the camera everything was
perfect condition and that's another
reason why it really sticks out in my
mind you know it's just it's crazy to
think about you know YouTube as a
community is such an amazing thing
especially back then you know everyone
was just all about helping each other
and so that's a whole nother rent that
whole situation
I love VidCon I love what it stood for
because it really honestly it kind of I
want to say revolutionize and really
kind of legitimized
we did here on this platform back in the
day I remember making videos like this
and we was just like these misfits
on the Internet talking to a camera
everyone thought we were nuts vlogging
back then walking through a cat like any
public situation with a camera people
would be like what is that crazy person
now if you were walking around with a
camera vlogging we were in Australia
remember I was doing that and somebody's
like a vlog everyone knows what it is
and it's legitimized what we were doing
and brought it to the mainstream and I
think that's what really was important
about VidCon and coming back around I
feel like that was lost in the course of
the years you see something that really
kind of started for the community and
that the community kind of I don't want
they owned it but like it was theirs
like the community it was there it was
their thing you don't I mean like John
and Hank amazing people made this thing
happen but like the idea of coming
together like you know somebody from
Canada somebody from Australia somebody
from Norway you know things like that
all coming together in this little tiny
lobby to hang out make videos with each
other and talk about YouTube and I love
the fact that I grew to what it was
coming back I feel like it just lost
touch with what I felt
the idea was or stood for if I was
invited what I loved to go back to the
gun of course I mean I have so many
amazing memories like I said and it just
gave us an opportunity to see these
people like friends that I've made over
the years like a lot of you guys that
I've hung out with at VidCon and these
events so of course I would love to
continue these memories but I understand
and I think a lot of these other
youtubers who are not getting these
invites this year I think we all can
understand respect the idea and what's
going on
everyone's gonna put a brave face
everyone said everyone's disappointed
everyone's kind of letdown in a sense
and I feel like that's why I really get
kind of drawn in over the last few years
with you know like playlist live buffer
fest or some of the others vlogger fair
and other there's a million other ones
that have now sprung up based on this
original VidCon this baby this Oh G of a
YouTube event I guess you could say and
that's why I like these other ones as
just as much as I used to like VidCon
not to say I don't like VidCon because
that sounds terrible when VidCon started
to be less in touch with the creators in
the community I felt like these other
ones you know kind of stood up and was
like
you know it this is why this is why we
do this this is what these things mean
this is why we have to do these things
this is why the community without the
community these events would not happen
and with the recent purchase of VidCon
by Viacom it'll be interesting to see
where it goes in the next couple years
because you know when big businesses get
into things like this things get a
little sticky and I hope you know I'm so
happy for John and Hank you know they're
gonna be totally now that can relax and
they can just spend time with their
family I just honestly hope that VidCon
and the people who put on VidCon now are
going to be putting it on really try to
stick with what it stood for in the
years prior cuz I would hate to see
something like VidCon you know just get
ballooned up to something and just I
don't want to get ruined but you know I
mean like just kind of just get blah
with that all being said I hope it made
sense one of the explain why we aren't
going to VidCon what was going on in my
head when I talked about it briefly and
you know I just wanted to talk about
this I wasn't going to but I was talking
to Ali and I was kind of ranting about
you know what was going on my mind and
she's like just turn the camera on and
you know talk to talk to you guys
because you guys understand and somebody
you guys might even feel the same way
but I do really respect it's an amazing
event and I honestly truly hope and wish
the best for VidCon
I just really hope with the new purchase
and new management's and things like
that you know the business side that it
stays true to the US as a community and
you guys are able to prosper and you
have a whole successful career like many
of us oh gee youtubers that have done
this for so long I hope that a lot of
you guys learn things there I wish them
the best of luck like I said but I'm
gonna stop ranting I just kind of wanted
to just say my piece to say my my
thoughts Ally and I won't be at VidCon
it sucks you know I'll be I'll be honest
but we will be at playlist live so I
hope we see a lot of you guys there and
you know do meet and greets and just
high-five and you know just this talk I
like I like hearing your and the stories
okay so I'm gonna shut up now because I
have no idea how long this is like I
actually got it okay how many takes was
this eight or nine I actually did it
it's a few cuts here and there
truly you mean it you guys are amazing
and I can't wait to see you guys at
playlist
and any other event tour all that fun
stuff don't forget to subscribe guys let
me know in the comments your thoughts
your opinions on this this change and
where it possibly could be going and
your concerns like with money you know
more hands getting in the pot are you
worried about things like this a little
bit more or do you think it's just gonna
be whatever it's just gonna be users
where that's what it is but have a great
night guys and I will see you tomorrow
as always freakin single night look
we're yeah we're you guys Rica say good
night yeah see you guys later bye
