you may be asking yourself why Charles
why are you up so early and where are
you driving and why do you smell so good
well I'll tell you I'm going to get in
line for the SNES classic but I don't
care and I'm hungry I severely care
about that anyway then go wait in line
for an hour that's about it
look at my fellow nerds
well looks like I'm number 14 they gave
me the wet one though I don't know what
I'm doing but now that I have this thing
if they gave it to us it's eight eight
o'clock and they're like just stay in
line and literally look those like what
time you open he's like ten o'clock I
was like I'm gonna go get some food and
possibly sleep in my car no way in hell
this thing is worth waiting to 10:00
a.m.
I don't mind waking up and coming in to
get the ticket but I'm not waiting till
10:00 I got the ticket so hopefully
that's fine number 14 apparently they
have 80 units so I feel like an idiot
getting here so early like super idiot
people were just showing up as it was
passing them out oh well it's all over
the adventure
I heard that lady okay so that lady was
somebody's mother
I guess he called his mom to come wait
in line so he could leave or do
something go get food and that's what
you heard right there and I'm so
thankful that I was filming the sky or
whatever I was filming and I got that on
audio so funny just for funsies there's
a Toys R Us across the street from Best
Buy why not I want to see if I can check
that one out I mean since I was here I'm
not going out of my way really it's like
right here it's still open
there's people online this is now just
turning into fun for me this is actually
kind of cool it's like scavenger hunt
I went home really quick and got back up
this is their idea I'm not forcing her
totally at all she just loves me it's so
tiring though all she wants is coffee
and we don't have enough time there's
not 80 people there's probably a good 20
okay check out
then we're going to get me coffee first
oh we're gonna get you coffee that was
the compromise it's in that parking lot
where coffee is so take a right
compromise was I'll come and I'll stand
in line if you give me coffee I know I'm
mad this is my hood this is hilarious
right there yeah all right so we have
now collected three of them and we're
gonna go to Best Buy and get a fourth
we're gonna have some happy friends
that's for sure they always big big time
I'm gonna cash in every favor that I
could possibly have today's National
Coffee Day so I had to like take a
little time out and take my wonderful
wife for helping me with this whole
situation go get coffee and then I'm
gonna take care of breakfast at least I
can do because she didn't have to do
this and I kept saying I don't worry
about don't worry about it and she's
like no I'm doing this for you then I
feel guilty and bad but she's she's
awesome
did we say that I don't know if you guys
know is it we did say it was coffee day
National Coffee Day I think so Ally's on
espresso number five going on five it's
my second comment
thank you
grande nonfat caramel macchiato with an
extra shot of espresso please how many
how many did you get
um I asked for 27 shots okay so this is
a size pumpkin have we got a Sam's Club
for how much seven dollars al 35 yeah
pumpkin get the pumpkins you want hello
pumpkins I know I won like one of those
awkward long ones wait which one looks
like a giant pepper it's a pumpkin penis
wait where's the pumpkin
oh wait wait hold on but it's just three
pumpkins hanging out I don't think
anyone works here they're taking photos
they're walking away
you don't have to do anything with it
you want to get that one really
yeah that's not open yet well my heart
got excited and exploded all in the same
moment it was one of the first home game
patches that we've seen we saw a sign
and it says that they technically don't
open up until the first we put our
pumpkins back because nobody showed up
after like being there for 20 minutes I
love you I love you
sorry miss them
I now hate national copies on top
you're insane today I'm in a good mood
it's a great day you're just feeling
this might be my second favorite holiday
besides my birthday no I got me back
Halloween my birthday and then coffee
day
Halloween is more important to me than
my birthday
YJ of birth the day my mother said guess
why you're coming in this world should I
get out of my womb my womb my room are
my womb like several things that I have
to give you know but it had none of it's
been recorded power granted now let's do
it in our filthy house right now we're
in playing that's a good point upstairs
are houses it's worse it's almost as bad
as when Charles come summer boudoir no
that's not there's no way you can
compare those two things finally getting
around to opening this obviously waiting
in line for this no I get to play it
well anyone played Mario actually you
know what I don't know which one I want
to play first opening it up I was like
you know what I should do a nerdy
unboxing so this is the upside down box
there you go so this is the SNES classic
edition they did the NES ones a few
months ago maybe a year ago I remember
instructions this is it holy crap this
is this is it I don't know if this is
kind of the size of a cartridge of the
old Nintendo technology all those games
can now fit in this because of
technology please tell me the
controllers are bigger though okay
that's good that they're normal size
that would have sucked the other
controller it's funny because like the
ports if you look carefully there are
fake ports where do you put it in how do
you put it
wait I'm confused HDMI is the power
cable oh there there nope
oh you flip them out there we go Iowa
good college
alright just play the thing I know super
fun unboxing there's really not much to
it so this is pretty cool nevermind I'm
done making fun of it all the classics
if they did this 64 version my life
would be made waste
Star Fox 2 that's what I think knows the
game so much harder than like Call of
Duty and stuff cuz you get the like
respawn die game over just like that and
then that's it goes all the way back to
the beginning you know get no response
no do-overs
there's more double clips in these
videos guys this is why it's happening
sir probably check my work now you know
your dick you were cute now you're
becoming a big old cat dick listen let
me see your sock game it's a lazy thing
it's what it's like I hate the thing I
hate the most is trying to find
identical pairs and socks you spend like
ten times longer doing that versus
nobody sees your socks unless you do
what I'm doing because they're always
under my jeans but then when people see
them they're like oh that's kind of
funny oh by the way we're going bowling
just in case people don't know
before we start playing in the comments
who do you think's go in let us know
give them a pause face dead
there's your pop space just don't mess
up
I'm officially losing right now no not
you are right he was I love you guys
remember he's the kid that bowled like
almost the 300 we were playing the game
right have your high scores are 280
something right don't mess up bed I told
you not to I didn't do it if you guess
Melissa you were right Mel
apparently my sister is a bowling shark
I hope you enjoyed today's video don't
forget to click like and subscribe with
notifications and we will see you guys
tomorrow
have a great night hopefully the floors
to be done tomorrow - and then this mess
will go back to normal
a more consolidated mess there's this is
driving me crazy
you love the internet internet you are
involved ad buy it
