I've been running dude I never have I
always have a problem with a full-face
Buffett's got a little bit of everything
yeah and there's STIs guard unless you
have a kid which sneeze is right in
there these guys aren't designed for
kids look at Alex yes I have everything
not touching this either put a giant
slot I'm trying to clean my glasses
they're all sales are all smudgy well
they are now could you leave water drip
water No
I think I literally just read the best
newspaper headline of all time
it said drunken Florida man tries to use
taco as ID does that consider bribe I
was he actually thinking that was his ID
license registration sir here's the taco
are you probably me sir no this is my ID
hey Poochie look at it once women
so this is where Allie and I had our
first date like five years ago right
yeah remember sanitation sanitation
first um I think it was five years ago
what yes that's correct you want to go
to the same bench actually in a few days
it will be the exact time when was our
first date I think it was December 28th
of Christmas it was rad for Christmas
the wind is M costume pictures on the
intranet anyone know what we're talking
about I want to get wheels you gotta act
real you want to get real you gotta act
real baby how you going to act like that
baby how you gonna act like that let's
go to our first date we're gonna do it
don't walk on the shells are you serious
I'll be wearing those fancy shoes is it
true that girls wear those to make their
butt look good
got the nice butt - you sir are so lucky
Marley is not here Wow come here whoo a
squirrel
worthy think he's looking at me like so
this was the first place this creepy as
it sounds this is the first place we've
made out actually there was no people
though it was just us see in our day we
had things like maltose into your face
in our day wall so this is where we had
our first date and we played the same
games and I beat Ally every single time
climb up in those shoes did we sit there
where do we sit on the bridge that
sounds uncomfortable
how long that takes this is nothing new
don't forget that Oh
and that was epic I don't know if he
told a story about a first date but this
is the night we stayed up all night we
just basically stayed in this whole area
and then the following day where do we
go went to IHOP I have it had disgusting
pancakes here's where disc disgusting I
thought you said mine were disgusting
remember all the rats that were in the
tree staring at the squirrel again do
not let this dog babysit your children a
quick drinking contest go okay no no no
my drinks have you remember the days in
the early vlogs Eric and I used to drink
well Gordo smashes that's right we got
about two in there were like ah keep
them coming
Dennis was partying too hard and it was
puking in Tallahassee on the actual
liquor store while trying to buy more
liquor your dad's a party animal I think
he parties more than you and me combined
yeah a lot of party pee my dad the other
day when we told him to put his party
pants on because we're having to get
together this weekend he goes oh no I
don't drink anymore and Christine and I
kind of like looked at each other and
look bagging him and he goes well I
don't drink any less I such a dentist
thing to say no frisbee
what's the throwing no sir you may not
take my busy if somebody found somebody
to throw the fridge before can you get
pregnant for eating kangaroo testicles
we're having a very heated debate right
now on how Love Actually is a terrible
terrible mnemonic it's a terrible
romantic penalties no if you actually
think about Love Actually in the
comments if you actually ever seen Love
Actually tell me what you think is that
the most romantic or the least more
romantic thing we got over this way
because if you think about all the
relationships that it screws over and
like all the people that leave sad like
I'm not saying that but it would say
it's so like happy and so like Christmas
so we're gonna go watch The Dark Knight
and expect the Batman coming out then
she dies please settle this is it a good
movie or a bad movie
it seemed that I gotta fight in a second
like any movies that make you feel real
a range of emotion speaking of which
we're gonna watch anchorman now then
again some is okay it's an ice-cream I
just know this but this gets a rise out
of everyone if I'm doing it it actually
could be a good movie I actually don't
remember it at all vanilla
the best player movie time movie time
overtime like American that's a hustle
like Americans
wacka-wacka kids see so we just got out
of the movie American hustle what do you
think like a lot
two thumbs up what do you think yeah it
took too long to get to the awesome part
I liked all the actors now exactly very
long it was uh directed David O'Russell
if you have a chance to see it I would
recommend it but I wouldn't go out of
your way to go see it I it's the first
time in a movie that I've actually
fallen asleep so I was out in Sarasota
Siesta Key Beach what does that look
like do you guys like baffled I've lived
out here for my entire life and I was
like holy crap there's a freaking heart
out here are they did you a bit a
present get over here
that's definitely probably my fault
because I trained her to that last time
what was in there
I can't wait for Christmas see it's not
the grandma were you cold
she bow oh I've ever to yell at her
because the other day I let her open
that package I know it's my fault stage
cat toy so the like cat toys son loves
cat toys
with CTFxC
they'll switch
let's go
