good morning Internet time for a trick
kind of bring your squirrel
bring your koala he's like me just wants
to do everything so fast
older Sears yeah go slowly why did she
do that
well those poles aren't there anymore
his girlfriend what would you do if he
came down here to play with you I
already felt fall on him once this close
I believe that I had a camera rolling
for that do you guys find that in little
in the old laws uh tell me what long
that was it was so funny I think was
when you were on tour yeah I can't take
you seriously with that thing on your
head you don't like my outfit
no I can't ever take you seriously like
this I never had a nice Santa contest
like this what it was
so some dftba they sent a little gift
the Charles and Allie thank you for
being part of our dftba family hope you
have a Merry Christmas love Kristin
Allen John and Hank I'm gonna let me
over help you're gonna help all right Oh
No the homemade root beer brewing kit
yeah you're like too excited you can't
even open it in ribbon fight it off the
side here you go
so he's like is it for me and then we
have that homemade ice cream makers we
can make ice cream and root beer and
then make our own but now this will
disclosing we'll have an ice cream maker
because we weren't supposed to be eating
that stuff that he cares now that is so
cool thank you dftba for encouraging my
addiction I think that's a little bit
big on you
that little big white look like that
Marlene
mailing off the charity checks Lauren
you got him God woo my favorite thing in
the world is like when you order
packages and you have no idea what you
can when you actually come in like this
is the only one I actually could figure
out because it was actually it's a shape
of a head I was like what did i buy the
shape of the head I forgot about
something for the Google glass I get a
little display so I thought somebody
mailed me a head so I got you guys some
extra codes for a free episode of
community remember how last year I went
always give the Starbucks codes I'm
gonna flip them over it'll be first come
first serve
I'm trying to flip them over right now
there you guys go happy Christmas or
Happy December 18th 19th sorry my dead
my bed I don't know the day those are
the codes first-come whoever gets him
first if you got them tell me in the
comments so today is Kobe's ninth
birthday so he's gonna come over and
swim so we're gonna surprise him to get
him a little little birthday cookie
gonna get Kobe his little birthday
cookie yes oh look at this Christine
cookie
you probably could hey birthday boy he's
always working but it's what day is
today
it's Kobe's birthday what a day for a :
what a day for a Kobe ready jump in the
pool go jump
birthday swim say uh I don't see
anything well from a ball huh
birthday boy everyone in the comments -
happy birthday nice birthday - Kobe
still loves this woman Kobe I mean ties
Tyson's like I'm not going in there in
the Kobe's birthday what a day for a
birthday okay here's your cake does not
delight oh here's your cake for everyone
cake around looking at you choo choo
keeping with the promise that have we
gotten to the top three on iTunes I
would get somewhere somehow tattooed on
my chest I just talked to Dimas the guy
who did the Wi-Fi tattoo and he's game
so we're actually going to get that done
now don't say I never kept my word whoo
that do time tattoo times
how'd your doctor times a 2 times a 2
times tattoo time that - time tattooed I
can't do it that - time tattoo tattoo
tattoo time and Ally's going to get a
giant butterfly on her face you're not
you said you went to that Sun flare
that's so art artsy so artsy look that
Sun flare recruiting one CD sold at a
time machine is out buying it on her
phone
otherwise I told her she had to sleep
outside tonight that's how you get
people to get you back to number one we
go we're back vacuum and this is the one
that did the Wi-Fi one yeah he's the one
that pretty much why hundreds of you
guys to help Wi-Fi tattoos I was gonna
work on my pecs
yeah don't flex while he's doing it and
you get an uneven huh talk about that
Dimas just about tone it down a little
bit and I can't help it man
process that's important to get it like
symmetric make your body Schrader make
your body right symmetry of the human
body and how Denzel Washington's woman
yes sir one of the most natural business
is really I think it's Elizabeth Hurley
she might be the one - female 1 yeah she
is a very very special yeah
don't move try you have patience but
it's almost like a tear booth now for
anyone that says I don't keep my word
didn't you say you were gonna dye your
hair red again if we had a million
subscribers
you never did that that I lied about can
you say could shoot you with a PayPal
gun yeah I did say that I'm not
happening that is not happening
wait don't talk progress switch so dope
does I know yeah you saw some of those
both separately yeah unfortunately we
all saw from a good drug deafhood have
another time
the collarbone I offered a country on
the faithful yeah and I've heard the
pain but you said no in there so my skin
look they're thirsty Wow okay realizing
your chin there we go like it how do you
feel I love it oh love it came out
awesome
deena Superman man what's your website
again Dimas raise.com alright so if you
guys want yesterday for the white people
Dimas
Raees hahahaha did the wife I can't do
as well so go to check his website out
and if you want some tattoos I think
he's a contact form gangs got a really a
lot of really cool art though and stuff
up on website great this came out great
I'm so pumped it looks really good now I
got a worker though except for the part
we misspelled that one I'm just kidding
alright so my stupid unscented soap so I
can clean this that too and this kind of
stupid like there's literally everything
has a scent even original sin' I don't
know where original set would even be
the flower this is actually the first
time I've used a new oven by the way
I've been addicted to this soy milk
seasonal nog instead of eggnog
so anyway I'm pretty stoked this first
time I got to use the ovens and Lauren
what to go give me some soap so I can
clean this except to use that stupid
fragrance free one nobody in the world
uses regular fragrance free because is
everyone's fragrances down any Wizzle I
had to change from my shirt because it
was such a pain in the ass to a tank top
so I could actually move around and as
you can see I still have the saran wrap
that's what it's really funny about
tattoos no matter all the technology and
advancement they have they still the
primitive stuff like paper towels and
actually saran wrap still works the best
so I had to get into a tank top so I can
actually move around
i ovens singing to me what's everyone
doing out there huh everyone hanging up
lights busy no I feel like this is now a
tradition the maple wait don't you all
fall down
Rosie amateur again do the edge we have
to see that that was where I'll square
this one's wearing everything else I
have to soup it up Oh
so Eric's mother brought these awesome
little trials with a Nutter butters
those are really good job oh hush I'm
vlogging right here right into the
bucket
all right into the bucket I did didn't
it all right well time to go to bed so I
want to say good night guys and thank
you so much for watching today's video I
gotta blow my nose so thank you for
watching today's video hope you guys
enjoyed it and before because I know
there's probably a ton of people in the
comments wondering why I got this tattoo
so I thought I'd explain it just because
got a little extra time this is one on
one time but obviously this is the title
of our new album somewhere somehow but
it's like one of those constant
reminders every time I wake up at 8 in
the morning take a seat right here
just got a good constant reminder that
somewhere somehow if you work hard
enough you can follow your dreams and
you could succeed so it's for me it's
like a constant reminder and every time
I vlog if you guys can see it I want it
to be like a reminder for you guys for
example the album I've always wanted to
have a number-one album
and thanks to you guys that actually
that dream of mine actually happened
so in short as much as I had this for me
every time I wake up I can see it on my
chest but for you guys but I think you
can actually see when I vlog as a
constant reminder that if you work hard
enough if you want something bad enough
dreams come true they're not just myths
unless you want to literally just jump
off a building and fly that's myth and I
promise you don't do it that bad things
happen with that you see those who's he
talking to
so coming around after a stupid little
rant every time you guys see this in a
vlog I just want you guys to think about
what you want to be what you want to do
in your life and though the dreams that
you have and I want you to work for it
really hard and make it happen because
somewhere somehow it can happen that's
kind of cheesy isn't it and the last
thing I want to talk to you guys is
about the album if you haven't gotten
the album I've been I keep talking about
it over and over again so instead of me
talking about I just want a couple of my
friends Sumner and Simone you guys have
met them in the vlogs before they have a
little message for you guys see what you
did
ha
we're sittin back seat
with me
vexy
who else with me
let's go
