the hell are you guys doing broken okay
go cuz we keep playing the same thing go
this lean that way go that way bounce
was it a better yet no
guys can't move I think you asked okay
what's not broken yeah it's way the
exact same so you guys literally weigh
the same amount Oh totally not worth it
up there go oh my god oh oh no it's not
working now it's broken
got it working a little bit Zoe what is
that sure sounds like a swarm of bees I
hate it oh there it goes Oh get it Riley
don't make it land on my mom Oh today's
actually the day we get to write the big
check for the charity t-shirts to the
brain bring it that brain cancer
charities now you got the checkbook got
the checkbook ready or the roster or
whatever it's called whatever the proper
turbo terminology is for financial crap
we got the final numbers from dftba and
you guys raised get ready for this
$54,000 so what we decided to do was to
kind of chip in from our own money as
well to donate because that would just
be silly if we didn't do that we wanted
to make it a nice round number yeah so
we wanted to make sure that each of the
charities got a really nice big chunk so
we're actually gonna round the total up
to 70,000 we're gonna give 16 thousand
dollars of our money personally to these
charities as well so we're gonna be
giving $35,000 to each charity which is
so cool though the two charities that we
have decided to donate to you know after
a long long period of doing research and
talking to people to figure out which
was like legitimate a 501 C 3
not-for-profit to make sure that the
money was going exactly what it
basically didn't want the CEOs or the
higher-ups getting all the money and
pocketing the cash so we found two
organizations we've been in contact with
them and we did some research to make
sure that you know like they actually
give grants to people doing research for
brain tumors and
destruction of brain cancer rhythmically
and they also do really cool events like
they do fundraising runs and walks and
they have all kinds of cool support
stuff set up for people going through
this alright the check
write the check I will so the two
charities are the National brain tumor
Society and the American brain tumor
Association and we were very excited to
get each one gets thirty five thousand
dollars each thanks to you guys for
buying these t-shirts so now every time
you wear these t-shirts you you guys
know you contribute into something
awesome
write the check okay Holly it's better
handwriting you write in all caps I
never noticed that
how'd you do that - my dad does this how
do you spell Association a SS on this
day the 18th of December for a freaking
whopping 35,000 that's a lot of fuckin
zeros I'm so excited to do this the
CTFxC not only gets the album to number
one but they actually are a bunch of
philanthropist philanthropist
is that right yeah I'm so excited yes
right the second one T for 72-42 one
just so this serious business here is
this serious business I'm not eight
eight eight it hearts what this is
what's your mental age really there's
one that I should do that now I'll do
that after this what 14 9 1919 Wow
ally and I got to do that after this
cute little curly thing does that matter
you signed one an outside one you get to
sign the other ones you did you of
course you screw it up so coming back
now I want to know my mental age so what
do mentals odds I've got if there's six
questions don't we know the answer is
five so oh do you Carolee I'm 22 not
eight you were 19 were you yeah
so I'm older than you this test is
totally not accurate
can tell you that right now Oh
stretching but alright old lady in the
comments below
before we continue what do you think
Ali's is gonna be tell me in the
comments we'll take a couple seconds
what do you think it's gonna be my my
guess is gonna be 31 that's my guess
tell me in the comments what do you guys
think
what is yours 19 you're 19 that's what
you were too right
I'm older than you still so in the
comments today it would actually guess
19 if we're doing Price is Right rolls
anyone get close alright now we have
access to Lauren's place Facebook what
do you want to do post any dick pics all
day I was gonna mail these checks I just
knew you were filming me and I wasn't
looking
did you like give me your best blue
skill I can't do it
give me Magnum I can't do it I laugh
every time
Lauren trying to figure out what song
this is
it's called last Christmas all right so
we're doing a lot of Christmas shopping
right now because the hometown show is
coming soon so I got to make sure to get
the guys something before I see everyone
and I just talked to my tattoo artist
guy he's gonna do the tattoo I think in
the next couple days and we email and
schedule that so I'm basically gonna get
somewhere somehow as a memory for myself
because it's my first album and first
actually first number-one album so I
wanna get that like under my collarbone
and I got the approval for Valley
thumbs-up thumbs-down
well you're always doing thumbs down I'm
gonna get it somewhere somehow on my
forehead just despite it yeah I would
thumbs down but not because I don't like
Texas Thank You it seriously regret it I
should get a tattoo that says regrets no
regrets is misspellings Noah Gertz get
no regrets from spell regard I'm taking
my own advice is we have a bunch of
shopping
I brought a charger this time so this
time I don't get bored with your
shopping your candle shopping oh wait I
have permission to buy more candles
absolutely not
unless you get the bacon one there's a
bacon candle do you want to explain why
we're here if you guessed Allie broke a
camera you were wrong gotta make sure
you don't have any not parent you this
I think you got it all hold these
Santa sit on a chopper holy shit
screw reindeer sentences on a chopper I
looked up I was like he's real those of
you who've been watching us for a long
time you know every single year we have
to get Zoey Marley a brand new collar
it's always like it it's always a hard
thing to every single year we've never
seem to find them what is that a to baka
costume
are you what don't even think just buy
it Marley 1618 Polly sure because
there's only 16 and those of you been
watching us for a long time though every
single year we have the same problem
with Marley's neck has just gotten too
fat give them different colors and be
daring no they have to have this white
collar the big color way otherwise they
think they're boys first couple years of
those penises no one thinks they're boys
if they had one printer that spiked I
think this year is always gonna be
spiked fact we should not get that
enjoyed that spike her a little Wiggly
face why not
he's head banging for you
you are very athletic hurry so many
puppies in the sidecar this is great so
those who say Santa is a real it is
obviously not looking right you got to
go to target in the middle of the night
apparently tonight is naughty Santa
night so what's in the rumor mill lately
I don't know how to even say this and of
cool my trying to be cool that's what
people are saying in with their mouths
so I just opened the brand-new camera
since I'm broke I don't even know I know
something you know how many cameras I
broke you left solve account once so I
just got the new camera open up and I'll
be serious I never really believed in
protection plans until I started
vlogging every single day
I kind of figured since I've never
actually ended the vlog in this bathroom
I figure you'll try something new anyway
guys like took medicine again I'm still
not feeling good I can keep my eyes open
it's still bright this bathroom bright
brown just do it from the toilet today
we got to write a check for $70,000
/ - $35,000 - to charities because of
you I mean just think about that for a
second you guys right there made a
difference in my life in somebody else's
life but that money will go to
potentially saving someone's life if you
didn't buy a shirt that's totally fine
the fact that you're sitting over
watching this video that's enough
because while you watching this video
this opportunity wouldn't even come so
even if you're watching the videos
they'd had the opportunity to give the
shirts you still made a huge difference
in someone else's life gives me
goosebumps right now I'm putting on
right now but it just gives me
goosebumps to think about that anyone
who says the Internet is just a bunch of
lame trolls who do nothing positive on
the Internet that's true but you guys
are not that you whereas are awesome I'm
gonna go to bed a little early hopefully
Ali got some nutty Sanders for you guys
I also just checked the charts before I
went to bed and thank you again well I
think we're still number two we're still
at number two which is amazing if you
haven't gotten the album please get it
I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
don't forget to subscribe you guys
already knew and liked to fail for the
fact that you guys are helping kill
cancer which is amazed the c-word to
grow the c-word I'm serving that cancer
helping kill the c-word I love you guys
I'm gonna bye
with sexy
they'll switch
let's go
