I just got a text message from Travis I
cannot believe I'm saying this but
somewhere somehow it just hit number one
on iTunes the United States right now so
we the Kings is number one of the United
States Internet
one two three there we go legit number
one in the United States I cannot
honestly believe this is happening it's
honestly honestly all thanks to you guys
right I can't believe it I get to say
that our album is number one in the
United States this is a dream come true
number four in the UK now that's what I
call Christmas those CDs are still out
the now ones that's an now CD it's a now
CD
come on UK go on the UK we can do this
ally is trying to get rid of some
packaging and as you can tell somebody
doesn't like packaging it's so weird
like we don't know why she does this
like she's legit shaking right now
she's an adopted dog so maybe like
whoever like we adopted her from a
rescued her from like beat her or did
something mean to her with bags or boxes
it's okay dude come here you know you're
okay
bust out the cookies and see what she
does I want to see if she does a
complete 180 she goes oh what she's like
I'm going down I'm still not okay
all right girls I got a new toy I got a
new toy for you guys or did this on
Black Friday and it finally just came
and I gotta open it up what is that ah
helicopter with a camera on it here's
the best part about this thing it is
actually has a camera think it doesn't
720p so that way can actually record
some stuff on here you having fun up
there
lassy blast you know a helicopter attack
you in a little bit of course I lost a
freaking screw
so I come on help me there's a fly fly
did you see what's girlfriend's doing
he's eating our oranges that bastard Ali
has been doing the lights all day today
and the stupid helicopter is not working
so I can not mess with her so I'm pretty
bummed with that she's making some
progress
looking nice who scared you scared you
Molly when I saved me you think I got a
poop first then I'll save what are you
doing she's trying to get the Ali the
house ready hon dad put me up there good
how many goofballs does it take to screw
in a lightbulb
apparently just Ali this is how I know
that you're not gonna get in trouble
when you come and find a stick I know
you're just gonna be good and occupied
for at least 10 minutes this one however
when she's got energy and she's is
running around I know we're in trouble
did you lose your privileges oh you want
to leash now see I go over here I go
where I want you come with me oh well
you got to do the runners evenly there
you go
well so I think Ali's cold got me are
you all right problems the lights
nothing can break my holiday spirit
except trying to get into the holiday
spirit
I put entire streams at once I put them
up one bulb is loose and they go all of
them were done well that might be the
problem I think I figured out the
solution maybe don't jerk on the lights
gift
what a gyp of a grass to give up Marley
make it feel better you done I feel good
just to the sickness that we sick I did
not make you sick your Australians oh
there's the end so I'm on the Apple
website it looks like somewhere some
house number one in the United States
number one in Canada see where else
think I saw the number one Sweden yes
okay so I just want to show you guys
that ignore the bottom hand of the
camera it's broken again I swear it was
Ali I mean who's done you can then
Korres Enya's want me to tell them but
I'm so proud of them they just finished
their semester and actually Yuki just
technically you're done you graduated
with your bachelor's degree but you're
gonna go back to school forever and ever
so hopefully not forever but I'm very
proud of them that
makes me really old we are currently
what we're currently getting pizza but
then we're going to see the Hunger Games
and I'm so excited I've heard so many
good things about it it's been a while
since I've read the book so I don't
remember everything that happens but I
think that's kind of good because I feel
like right when I read a book and then
see the movie like adaptation of it I
hate it because they miss a lot of the
details so I think it's good that some
time is passed because I'll probably
just hit on like the major plot points I
can't wait so that is pretty awesome
you're all gonna celebrate I'm gonna
clean you bitches are those your Crocs
Marlee you guys remember when we did our
whole domestic thing where we got each
other some awesome bedding for the bed
today's the day that we get to put on
the bed I know this sounds really really
stupid very domestic and very lame but
I'm gonna make sure these guys are clean
so if they decide to hop up like they
always try to do that's not gonna happen
so this is how we're celebrating a
number-one record I'm a lame rocker but
you know what that's how it is all right
who wants to go first
don't you both jump at at the same time
geez you come to hang out what are you
doing No hello guys as you can tell I'm
a little bit doped up I took some
medicine because I haven't been feeling
good all day I feel like I'm getting the
tail end of Ally's cold so I want to nip
it in the bud so I'm gonna go to bed a
little earlier tonight that's why I
didn't want to go out and watch the
movie tonight also I'll be honest I've
been literally looking at this for the
past 20 minutes over and over again just
completely blown away I never once
thought I'd be a part of the band with
the number one album I've been playing
music since I was like 15 years old and
please don't hit the enthusiasm from the
medicine had deter what I was about to
tell you guys honestly this is truly a
dream come true for me and I cannot
believe is actually happening I just
keep looking at and I'm like no way
number one album I personally cannot
thank you guys enough and I know the
guys feel the same way so before I go to
bed I just wanted to take a second and
say thank you for allowing to fill this
dream of mine that I've had since I was
a kid I feel like even though I'm going
through some crap right now with the
whole brain cancer thing that I'm still
truly blessed to have amazing people
like you in my life you can't know what
the good is about the bad you already
know and this is so amazing I can't
believe it number one in the United
States guys so we're gonna keep that up
we got to keep it up okay so please keep
doing what you're doing
all your friends to get the album and
like I suppose saying yesterday I know
you know that the modern technology
people can download music illegally but
I'm just so honored and blessed that you
guys chose to support the band actually
buy the CD legit that just only shows so
much integrity of the CTFxC for wanting
us to succeed together as a community
because this isn't just me when I look
at this number one spot I honestly
honestly look at you guys
just like the Guinness World Record I
honestly wish you could say every one of
your names on there as well with us and
I don't want to rock ramble anymore
because nobody wants to hear we talk
like an idiot now because of it's just
probably talking in circles because of
the medicine talking in circles how does
that even happen doesn't mean he just
keeps saying the same things over and
over again how does that even happen
does that mean you just keep saying the
same things over again how does it even
happen does it mean you just keep saying
the same things over again got you
anyway thank you guys so much again if
you haven't got the album please get it
if you're brand new to these videos
please please don't forget to subscribe
there's a lot of awesome things coming
up and thank you so much for watching
the videos thumbs up for being the
badass CTFxC rock stars that you guys
are
taxi
Thanks
else with me
let's go
