good morning Internet it is that time in
a month
where I have to be on my checkup MRI
it's been about I guess it has been
about a month
this is the last MRI after the
chemotherapy they do like this like MRI
checkup if you remember last time where
they check them or I then we go talk to
the oncologist see oncologist right
remember last month we got an MRIs that
we talked with the oncologist it was
over filmed all the cool little stuff so
here's hoping for good news as every
time it's always a little nerve-racking
seems like Halle and I can never get a
break how you feeling
now that the Sun has come out I wanted
to share the good news so I woke up this
morning and the new album was number 2
on the alternative charts I'm looking
right now number 2 on the alternative
charts and already number 14 and on the
main charts number 14 on the main charts
I know I keep talking about the album
but honestly truly this is this means a
lot to me this has been something that
we've been working on for over a year
and I've been talking about and getting
excited about the release and now that
the day is here I could not be more and
more happy more thankful that you guys
like it so much and you guys are doing
so much to make it do so well on the
bottom of my heart the bottom Travis
Danny Cole a hunter
Scott nerd rock everybody I speak for
everyone's hearts let me see your weapon
I was sneaking and with her jacket and
her weapon he's behind that door for the
dubstep remix the MRIs are always so
like long and tedious for him I feel so
bad it's like he told me that he
basically lays inside a tube I've never
had an MRI so I don't know what it's
like but it's on his head so he
basically lays inside a tube and
apparently the tube is like this far
away to his face we're very close he's
not allowed to move I don't know what
you do if you're claustrophobic do they
have to sedate you like what do you what
do you do I think I'd probably freak out
a bit get me out of here get me out of
here it sounds like Jumanji
can you guys hear that Jumanji down here
I wanted a sandwich and it's not even
open that's a unique situation for us
crazy times friends a challenge I just
got my MRI this listen to a bunch of
dubstep I think next time I'm going to
actually listen to dubstep in an MRI so
a little update looks like an hour later
after that previous update we are now
number 11 one more until the top 10 high
five
BAM alright twenty minutes later
how can you give me a drumroll
yeah we just broke the top ten show me a
deadly knife I
you wanna buy his album or you don't
want to buy yourself better get it down
otherwise I want to take this one on you
I'll cut the lyrics to my favorite song
your buddy
boy what's his name Roberto good luck
getting in the scalpel laughs you got
the cross no I'm gonna go inside and
make an announcement that whoever's in
car this is gonna come out of here whip
their ass not really
show me your knife I do I do really want
to go in there and make them ask
everyone to be happy
I don't like to complain but this is
pretty messed up so we're gonna take the
passive-aggressive way now let's go to
write up a nice little letter I like how
you just do shit about get him honey get
him get him
now you gotta crawl across the car
because you're a nice person Internet
when you're in that situation what do
you do hon I gotta put a vent for this
thing for us thank you first if you were
in that situation what would you do tell
me in the comments all right guys here
we go
fingers crossed the album jump to number
eight actually the album jump to number
one an alternative I guess I won't have
to use my nerves today we don't know
about that yeah we'll see we're still
going after Beyonce check it out that's
the old scan this is the new one
to that out yeah you can't go through I
love when you scroll through because it
looks so cool
though these slices of my head brain
slice for you yeah like that
Charles is participating in a research
study he has to spit into this Cup until
he reaches that line I'm dry
stop talking keep going there's business
grows and dry I'm nothing's right isn't
it harder than I thought when I said we
were gonna document everything I said
we're gonna document everything well
that's good news
high-five so we gotta keep basically up
with the diet I think really diet you
guys need some positive probably above
it the chemo maybe a little bit we're
gonna take a nap guys so we'll be right
back
nappy time guys take hold on you're
getting some water go to store up like a
camel I want to stay up but I know I
can't do it so we woke up from our nap
to an amazing surprise could just sit
there and look at the terms you see what
all of them yeah you see we the kings in
the middle of a Beyonce sandwich sure
everyone in the band would be ok with
that
no offense to any of the other
girlfriends but I I would love to be in
a Beyonce sandwich number two on iTunes
right now high five high five barley
loaf I've good job we had two I told
Charles I was just going out to get dry
cleaning my big Christmas decoration
shopping maybe maybe think we need to
get the hotdogs for Danny and Lindsay
and I definitely need to get this for
Charles coffee the number one thing that
I'm getting for Charles is the Duff Beer
ornament it's just awesome
I can't even believe they have Angry
Birds ornaments actually no I'm not
fazed by anything that they have this
Angry Birds actually I'm pretty sure
they have like Angry Birds everything
what it what these are the presents
you're looking for oh snap ten points
for the ridiculously corny reference
okay got the camera that is awesome
oh yes special one a nice little treat
oh we have to get the puppy ones too
you're glowing
there's my baby Dolly's favorite time
did you do this on purpose
what pickling stop wiggling in my eyes
nice
it only took how many use is it take the
hanging ornament - what'd you bring
daddy bring it on census time bring
daddy hey good girl don't encourage
really blame Hallie for helping you with
that that's the company Dumpty where'd
you get penguin it's an egg do you guys
see the Christmas pickle that we hide
every year
never mind distracted
actually I don't know where it is do you
already hide it already is it gold is
that it Bowen you I don't know
apparently isn't like you to open a
present if you find it you don't have
any presents for me so this is where my
family's hanging out it's relaxing loser
loser darn it
don't you take no and touch my tree we
are gonna go to bed guys that's better
very very awesome awesome awesome dad
well how many times I could say awesome
the record came out and the tumors
shrinking there's not nothing but smiles
on this end of that internet right now
so all day today ally myself with the
rest of guys were just refreshing
refreshing iTunes and cannot believe
right now we're in the middle of a
Beyonce sandwich literally our album is
number two worldwide on iTunes it makes
us so happy I mean we're not stupid in
the modern day of music we understand
people download music and I just I am so
proud the CTFxC is willing to support
music and support we the Kings and buy
the album and it's because that's
because of you guys that the album even
really exists anyway so thank you guys
again so much for getting the album and
supporting we the kings and I think we
can honestly get to number one the rest
of the guy said if we get to number one
we're all gonna get are you gonna the
rest of the guys said if we get to
number one will all get a matching
tattoo of somewhere somehow I said
yesterday on Twitter if we got in the
top three I would get a nice little
chest piece around my neck so I kind of
lucked into it now I got the okay from
my doctors they said I can get a tattoo
he's like I can't help with tattoos I
was like you don't to get a butterfly
tramp stamp
and he lost it I don't want to talk too
much but I just want to say thank you so
much for getting the album and telling
your friends to get the album so I have
a great night
love you guys don't forget to subscribe
if you're brand new and we'll see you
tomorrow always doodles so at the same
time one two
three doodles ought to be harmonized a
little bit it's not he's not the
vocalist
kind of did it oh good
shut up okay bye guys
Wilke
Thanks
they'll switch
let's go
