good morning guys we are still in Key
West and I'm gonna be a butterfly
can your head a little bit like this
there yeah so a lot of awesome things
one we are still in Key West and two
when you're watching this video the new
album will be live available to download
for all of you guys you guys want to
download the album which I hope all of
you guys want to click here it should
take you to iTunes or just go to iTunes
and search we the kings somewhere
somehow the CTFxC has that big just bit
off plants make this baby go platinum if
anybody in the world you guys can make
it happen so please go download the
album I hope you guys really like we've
been working out for a very long time
once you download it tell me in the
comments what your favorite song is so
that way could tell to the rest of the
guys we could make sure if we put those
songs live look Kelly and I got the same
exact thing if we got some crap ease to
Crabbie's
egg and cheese crepe no one I'm starting
to realize a really weird that not
difficult but a very strange word to
actually spell out is what banana it's
like how many ends and A's do you need
for banana if I don't know how to spell
it or if I'm forgetting I just make it
like it's like a long joke so I go
punana Nana Nana Nana so I just make it
really long so obviously it's like a
joke I really honestly do I do that that
means I don't know I forgot temporarily
doing the Marley on dudes thing one more
time yesterday last night cuz Ali hasn't
been feeling good she legit was yelling
at Marley in her sleep
so no more leak out that I couldn't find
the camera in time but that's what she
was doing makes sense just somewhere
Marley's doing something bad so been
here for two days and the other thing
you guys keep you honest about is going
to the southernmost point where it says
90 miles from get something I can't see
and I'm in the middle of the road
apparently this is a southernmost point
of Key West which is only 90 miles to
Cuba big giant tourist Louie definitely
feels like the southernmost part of the
United States right now feels like 120
degrees right now
I got a coconut is the coconut milk this
is a random fact but more people die
like coconuts hitting them on the head
then eaten by a shark how much would
that suck you're just enjoying yourself
underneath a coconut tree I don't know
why I say Koko not you I like saying
cocoa nut it's just more fun to say then
coconut look at all these following
hazards that could have been ahead
imagine walking to the beach enjoying
yourself under the beats and then dunk
there's another one Ally just farted I
did if you live in Key West we need a
wee the king sticker out here then take
a photo and tweet it to us that little
pole is your mission
do you accept so we decided to go to the
butterfly Museum or whatever
before that is not a butterfly that is a
giant spider interchange oh pretty
what this is so cool
look at all the butterflies Wow they're
dive-bombing us this is so cool this is
beautiful ring everywhere like magic
welcome to the what are you eating buddy
I don't care what anyone says it's
probably the coolest thing I've seen in
a long time
everyone's looking up if one of these
guys lands squish Wiggy hello to the
Mingo guys what she said these little
guys are attacking me
Oh out Misbah Christmas wah the guy
Bobby because look at the quail and
you'll be the quills I think I've ever
seen a quail
I thought they had like little things on
their heads our pet quail that one just
pecked his days
Oh
Internet this is probably one of the
coolest things right it's like so
relaxing so peaceful right it's coming
here to sleep and wake up a bunch of
butterflies on your face now is having
fun oh they're everywhere there's
attacking me never it is it here's
another bird is your favorite place with
us so far they come at me bro come at me
bro yeah like I'm an ant eater hey bro I
like bananas to feel like you can come
in here and film a Disney movies is
going
the toilet key I feel like those are my
favorite Humira coil alia spike it there
you go honey
it's your favorite creature and my
favorite creature together hold on
we don't ever want that ever anywhere
near me
apparently butterflies only lived ten
days they technically get a second life
because they were a caterpillar first
that's true
so now we got four hours to kill until
we get back on the boat that we head
back home
there's butterfly on shoulder I think I
found a store that's probably the best
store for me ever
coffee and Internet that's how you need
all you need in life right there I keep
thinking you're being attacked every
time I see that before we go we have to
have to go see the seven toad Hemingway
cats there's a fish for many toes not
five lots of toes at the Hemingway house
Hemingway pissed here the other being
pissed here inside that house I don't
know
found it would you actually toe
it is
they don't point at it I just came here
to see the six code test one two three
four five six to both both seats
apparently there are 40 cats here mm-hmm
so far we've seen two let's keep down
finally cats Ernest Hemingway had a
computer
hello Jett oh don't get up or anything
excuse me sir
can't get you read sir so this is where
the manor Ernest Hemingway's left okay
and I don't know why I want to say this
but that's where Hemingway to it what is
that cat number five alleys bounded to
determine and get these things will like
her yeah one two like you that one has
extra toes to see your toes
show it off shake can't tell if it's
like an evolutionary thing if I like
quicker or if that's like just amusement
no apparently you're 16 years old
whether this time
just poking it there's a hotel this is
typewriter no computer I think I was in
fifth grade or sixth grade I had to
write a report and I actually had to use
a typewriter because I didn't have a
computer then bring the report on a
typewriter it sucks
as anyone in the internet ever written
on a typewriter and screwed up and then
you have to go back and write out and
then go back up and you have to line it
up perfectly and then never lines up
perfectly so it looks ugly probably not
most you guys right on iPads probably I
want to go in that pool so bad right now
whoever's keeping count here's another
three of them there's another three over
there
hi they're everywhere there'll be a cat
here they do nothing you got all this
yard and they're safe and they're fed I
thought we were done and another one
just ran to Ally
four or five six showing off your toes
literally just showing off
that one's kicking what you doing quick
somebody in the Internet say what TV
show are you guys look at Marley go go
Marley take that piece set the lens for
the White House today ally and I are
doing all the cheesy touristy stuff
going to the White House
oh boy yeah and we made it this is
beautiful we should just take a cruise
ship humble look up and walk around
Charles alright now we gotta go back
down
d7 good luck Oh beating the pelicans the
daily catch huge Jeff fun of your first
time in Key West
I'm go home guys go home time go home
guys go home you can tell him a little
tired
see you later Key West that was a lot of
fun really wavered in Key West we're
heading home now
Manek at what the cat was up the Botes
gang
we're cruising you fell off you be
screwed a cookie fitting for internet
people thank you
on the boats and alleys passed out I'm
actually getting a chance to listen to
the
hi-hi-hi
midnight snack time midnight snack time
Oh home and actually what time is it
it's just after midnight it's past
midnight I could download my album now
yes you can
oh god how excited are you I'm so
excited I'm so proud of you
congratulations aren't you guys freaking
proud of him I know we talked about it a
lot but this is the first album the
Charles has ever played on to ban that I
grew up listening to it's a band that he
grew up as friends with that's just like
the coolest freakin thing ever that
there it is come full circle you got it
okay here's the good thing guys I forgot
to tell you guys this if you guys bought
the other singles I find you there any
other way and all that other stuff it
deducted from the final cost of the
album so for example I bought obviously
the other singles so got it down to five
dollars and three cents for all thirteen
songs $5 holla bye
here's my password every watcher that
know you're gonna listen to daddy's new
album like I'm just looking for food so
already back my baby powder your daddy
I'm so excited to be home with a girl
then this is such a cool thing they're
home to downloading the new way the
Kings album myself and I just bought it
myself
see even we buy our own album
now I love they keep teasing you guys so
if you're like this is kind of crazy
it's kind of one of those surreal
moments because all here we've been
waiting and just anticipating the
release of this album never turn it down
so that way you guys can actually hear
what I'm saying here listen to it later
cuz you guys can download it yourself
but honestly like we've been waiting all
year to release this and we've been so
excited and we just hope you guys love
it as much as we do
I think the CTFxC can definitely get
this album at number one you know what
not even think I know you guys can do it
so please click and download it because
the only honestly the only reason why
this album actually happened was because
of you guys supporting us that's why
it's this cheap as we possibly can do it
for the album just as like a thank you
so from the bottom of my heart the rest
of the guys thank you thank you thank
you so much for making this happen and
this is my first album with the band my
first major release album I should say
if you have a couple extra moments leave
a nice little rating on the album as
well
because I know we would love to read
that and see what you guys think I'll
see you guys tomorrow as always don't
forget to subscribe
guys our brand new to the videos and
have a great night bye guys
what you did today
with CTFxC
they'll switch
let's go
