good afternoon good morning Internet so
I have to immediately retire this camera
for now until I get home cuz I don't
know why it broke I swear it and drop it
swear I didn't do anything to it this
time I mean it just kind of broke it
turned it on and then we're gonna go to
the beach oh so we're going to the beach
or the pool and kind of relaxing the
wedding is in a few hours so we're just
gonna hang out right now I'm trying to
get the vlog uploaded naturally Hotel
internet is awesome
beach party oh god you're wearing
glasses now makes my life easier do you
have four hours how you feeling feel
good feel good yeah three or four hours
right over there right right there right
there was it carries awesome though Cuba
I wish the rest of my life is in a
snowstorm right now but it's only so
hard and maybe like a little warmer legs
look so snowing so hard the cold came
today Nicole is like this dirty lost
your ball throw it to you oh that's
frickin cold
what'd you get
it's a bit lenient believe me I was like
I'm not gonna have a drink and I was
like can you make it bleeding she's like
yes that's like same ideas a mimosa
focus each concet him orange but she
doesn't have Pikachu so I think she made
it was like peach schnapps or like some
flavored drink this is like my favorite
drink our mimosas are do you like
mimosas yeah I should have done that
it's made of benzene
brain you better stay in the ocean
otherwise I'm gonna punch you in the
face damn gringo I'm gonna shower him
with four wishes go are you losing
there's a poor sport in there Denali the
poor sport how we're just getting
everything set up it's actually a
beautiful day work that work that flower
body I get ready for this
Ricky's being all super dapper again it
means that you dig like a prom dress
like full-on Vera Wang yeah what it's
wrong I'm sorry guys no why tie the
wedding guys
lesson learned yesterday you learned
about an Apple computer cord today
you're learning about weddings we're
learning all the time now you wondered
how a bunch of guys get ready for a
wedding we do the same things we're
figuring out how to use Ali's little
steamer right now luckily it's just
boiling water most primitive thing that
we possibly could we do is boil water
use that it works
I think steel is your color how do you
like that Ricky's not part of the club
that's right so we're hijacking this
phone yeah and just taking random photos
on this phone you never give me your
phone otherwise
put my armpit like on my own straw all
right Internet we're taking this for
Kerry and Ricky so say uh hey uh say uh
congratulations
did you do it you say handsome
and zombify internet doesn't have a look
all pretty
it's all pretty she looks like you
should get a smaller shirt I just
pinched out a bunch people on Instagram
trying to pull your pants up I'm like
this stuff bassist and always a baby too
I'm doing it
you go
don't step on me at least I'm trying
two days in a row trying to dance out
thank you
get out of a couple pitches come out of
dishes down a couple toilet seats I suck
at this
this is cool these are where everyone
comes from from this hotel this is an
awesome
haha not from America hi this is crucial
what is it boh-chan hotel
what's that mean
what does that mean
yeah I don't know trying to help you get
this out or I'm just trying to get in
your way I'll take one rhinestone
Cowboys photobooths wedding photo boost
you'll have to do this
the Lord
ready nice those are sick glasses
excellent Wi-Fi boy I like yours better
just took a photo of you you taking
photos of you if I get crap we're gonna
crap got your honey crap I'm like
original Wi-Fi boy right now Wi-Fi Wi-Fi
you should just wear those all the time
so I never have to blur your face ever
again so we just did the the photos and
now we're just gonna hang it out and
it's the coolest thing ever
it's getting like 20 minutes to roll it
up can you roll it up for me so doesn't
take 40 minutes I wanna go bang Ally I
figure bang my wife hold on be right
back guys gonna go bang my wife
you stir it up watch this it's so it
underneath the sand
what the hell I don't see any let's to
get a face tattoo right now and always
put on camera smallest bar and literally
is that ally you think just the tiny
little like Enclave right there that's
it put your TV at home but here it's of
arms I love it and there's two bar
stools that's that's the maximum amount
of space for human alcohol consumption
sorry for your bioshock paralyzes
bioshock mallory square it's creepy
there are cats everywhere got those got
those I need like a steampunk right
rifle right now we have to find a nice
little hole in the wall pizza place
everyone's pretty much drunk here it's
pretty awesome pretty hilarious
Merilee that we're at
yeah
so I have boom about so we've been
walking around and so far unsuccessfully
you know in our search for whoa Santa's
I guess they don't care you're the most
boring Santa's ever all right before we
go to bed I just realized you guys were
telling us and yelling at us in the
comments we never did a bed test from
Key West so before we go to bed without
further ado Allie and her bed test test
good
two thumbs up two feet up today was an
amazing day our buddies got married so
before we go I just want to say in the
comments I want all you guys to say
congratulations Ricky and Carrie so when
they watch the video and see the
comments they get really really excited
and read all your awesome your comments
and your little your notes to them so
I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
don't forget to subscribe to guys are
brand new tomorrow we head back but
we're gonna do a couple cool things
around Key West before we do and I'll
see you guys tomorrow as always good
night guys don't forget the thumbs up
see you tomorrow all right
see what you did sex
with sexy
who else with
let's go
