and that's a so we have to get up early
because we're trying so we don't have to
drive the whole way
there's they look like a boat or a ferry
that takes us normally driving to Key
West it's like eight or nine hours of
traffic since we're all really tired out
it's still like future jet-lagged
there's like a boat that can like cut
off like three or four hours so we're
trying to get on this little boat or
ferry but that just because it's early
doesn't mean we can't learn something
fun I want to show you guys something
I've just recently honestly learned like
a day ago and I've had Mac computers for
years this might blow some people's
minds let's just prepare so sit down if
you guys are standing carry that's the
deal with the cable the travel cable a
lot of people might go like this when
they do this they go like this and then
they'll do this alright and then you got
your cable but then you get this jumbled
mess and maybe a little on the outside I
want to show you that something very
strong okay now watch this don't suck at
it like I'm sucking so it's nice and
flat
okay don't do that don't do I just did
do the opposite every do it again
because expect that it that's where this
is harder than I'm making it ya know
going so you do that okay fuck it
okay I'll show you and then you are like
that and it wraps up nice and into a
nice little square ball that's possible
square ball flip it arm cut off who
cares if it's early you still learn
something I sleepy puppy guys wanna go
hey you guys wanna go hang out here's
when I go hang out
Suns coming well you want to go yes is
there food in here okay I'm laying on
your suitcase you can't go anywhere now
we have like
listen to Christmas music all morning
so we are taking a boat or a ferry to
Key West to save Ellie how many hours
five hours of driving sick the whores
are driving hopefully this cuts it down
in the eighth hour its I'm pretty happy
about that
now get the right boat Royal Flush we
are moving we are moving we just found
out that's right at 13 and right okay
but no you ruined it forget I just said
that before we got on the boat
we'd like right as we were walking onto
the boat a gigantic black cat darted
right in front of us and I grabbed
Charles I was like ah I can't oh my god
and then I just like heard on the news
today is Friday the 13th I didn't want
to tell it I saw two black cats the best
poutine Friday the 13th
yeah you know I've never seen any of
those movies ever my birthday was on
fatter than 13th one year
your birthday obviously on the 13th of
some month I'm just giving you a red
banner in 1389
is a bad attitude on Twitter we are
calling that
we so tiny this doesn't feel good
everybody
wake up
picked up time
yeah journalist is resorted to sleeping
on the floor and I somehow managed to
just weave my body in between you
getting my hair it's what I call the Key
West
quaff a nice husband he gave me that
you can hear fat head through here my
head there just got to Key West and bike
taxi Mike Jackson got to do so much
hotter here than I thought it was maybe
are you doing your duty doing it are you
doing your duty are you doing your duty
I do my duty of standing here holding
down the same making sure the sand
doesn't blow away that's a great job all
he's doing a good job
it was dapper hair I know they both look
so good if you guys don't remember Ricky
he's my college roommate thank you our
wedding wedding I used to prank him all
the time I'm sure he loved that that was
Ricky if you guys didn't know are we
getting a little fancy we're gonna use
the long giant pole today because the
GoPro isn't working what are you
drinking a melted banana strawberry
daiquiri looks disgusting it's like
liquid diarrhea it tastes delicious
carnal I can't film this team I'll block
and reroute the beans are flying out of
my hand magically off the phone lady
lovely all right now we're gonna try to
find food because I'm getting hungry so
we're going to the I guess it's the
rehearsal dinner right now
what we're on default Duval it's not a
cool cuz like we've been to New Orleans
we filmed New Orleans and this is very
similar feeling to it I saw nipple free
nipples free nipples for everyone Merry
Christmas or on Duval Street I feel like
that's like with something very common
that would be really crazy actually
because they were you know to come
fantasy fest day we're talking about
that and lots and lots of naked people
are apparently I missed the memo
everyone's all in fancy dress I was all
pretty and then I'm wearing holey jeans
it's okay I can get away with it
mr. dapper over here you know I do what
I can what am i filming Ricky do I film
I know I'm bigger the hair I was talking
about reminiscing on how I used to prank
you all the time yeah in college
caught me from jail
Oh calling from jail I think that's
actually still in line I felt so bad you
were late to work I've stepped up my
game
are you glad - I made you more dad all
Ricky yeah you've got the phone bowtie
they're like the classiest of classic
that's very bright sorry about that
confession how we got my clothes here so
many other fancy and you look fancy you
look fancy and I'm a therapist oppa no
more no it hurts I feel like I need a
trophy right now problem
what's funny about this wedding is a
butcher like Latinos and dancers with
just dancers here so you know that's all
I'm dealing with right now legit dancers
and Latinos this is pretty much what my
college was Ricky would have parties and
basically take over the entire apartment
check it out Duval Street right now it's
pretty cool we're gonna I've been here
in years we got out cool this place is
hot stuff just saying yo pretty Thanks
world's most expensive bananas camera oh
by the way so I started to film the
theater and all of a sudden I was
blindsided this girl goes bilbies
there's just her boobs hanging out what
the camera wasn't working so naturally
didn't get the boobs on camera I
apologize
I want all of that now
I'm so good I keep hitting my head oh my
god no now they're gonna clean it
what's wrong with the lens drunky I
don't know cameras all goofed up sorry
guys
dabble is healthy boy anything internet
wouldn't mess with this store this is
Ali trying to get to the hammock allall
you'd kill sandy if there's this flop in
there don't worry the cameras running I
don't get my back get over how I do this
over was day one in Key West Ali's first
time in her adulthood being in Key West
there's time I can be around here Zaza
that's a new thing anyway hey oh you
want me to be all cuddly hey get over
here not so we'll see you guys tomorrow
don't forget to subscribe guys are brand
new and hopefully the next couple of
days should be kind of crazy we're gonna
go to the southernmost point which is
what 90 miles from Cuba
so I forget to like the video if you
guys enjoyed today's video
tell me that what this see well I think
the
the surf is watching up surf and turf on
my body I swear she's only had day cool
huh see you guys tomorrow as always have
a great night don't forget to subscribe
because a brand new you flip this so
help me how do I get out of this all
knocking us both out here wait until I
get out and then you do whatever the
hell you want I'm hoping you give me
your hand no okay build it
ready you're staying here
alright let me go inside alright now
we're gonna go bed alright see you guys
doodles
with sexy
they'll switch
let's go
