good morning guys so I wake up and this
is what Ali's doing she's just staring
at the Christmas tree pruning one or two
little things I'll just show you what
she's doing she stares at it for a
couple minutes and runs over and they're
prunes like one little tiny piece like
let me just show you the piece that she
just tough that was that perfected hey
serious guys ready very drunk gaming
professional drunk gaming as drum proof
you just hit a button that goes to the
system hello my that's what she does hey
mom I can't just sit on everyone you
want in the comments be honest if this
has ever happened to you Oh bit ironic
Tara Zoey thankfully I got that awesome
case right there
shameless plug honestly has that ever
happened to anyone in the comments feel
like this happens to me daily
you guys want no random fun fact what
are we just here on the radio big on
radio so funny he's like the correct
number of babies that should be named
cheese is zero but seventy two babies
were named to you this year yeah we're
going to the boring mall oh yeah
mmm koffie koffie koffie koffie koffie
koffie it does smell like fire that's
something we don't get in florid a lot
of smell of fireplaces that's one thing
I do truly truly love just a smell of
like we shouldn't do a fire Pintus yeah
we definitely should since we got rid of
the deck we lost our fire pit if we had
to get rid of it so he would always
throw fire but she's so freaked out she
would get so close to it that's the
thing is though he's always like he's
like fire fern since she was a puppy she
always liked to put it out she's like a
fire dog
I want pie so bad I love pumpkin pie
what was the thing you were saying
earlier the maybe it's cold outside
song like a date-rape sounds horrible
you know that's all like what's in this
drink you know that old song baby it's
cold outside
well let Ally just recite the lyrics to
you and I'll just I want you guys to
tell me how creepy that song sounds
what's in this drink I really can't stay
but what will my sister think what will
my brother think and he's like oh man -
come on just just just just it's cold
outside don't go out there what's in
this drink should we do for our puppies
no baking no mess no mixing it's safer
baby it's safer you wonder if I can put
on my face come on turn on worst thing
is when you're shopping with your wife
and you see that and then you see this
there's an extra clause in there well no
I mean it's not really worth there's an
extra clause in here where is Santa
I like your biker jacket make you look
it's just a tiny dryer they said it
won't do any harm they said that's
impressive I have hair so you can do
that now we're just talking about that
it's only been three months my hair is
pretty much all grown back no more blows
your mind
these muscles are you dreaming of Perry
come on up not a dog but dirty to fart
in there and run away why would I run
away so you're just gonna bask in your
own fart he says they didn't for it
already
okay dare I try it hot pepper chili
pepper million on the Scoville units
my opinion is only 5,000 just for that
perspective I know the hipster I'm gonna
try the hottest hot sauce tell me I
wanna see if we can do it come on I want
to try it a shot I'm gonna do a shot it
they can't do is just web taste it now I
need to have some cheese's I'm ready for
a I'm not gonna do a shot of it
good because my friend did it and it
made all of the crap in his throat
swallow up and he couldn't breathe so
please don't I am serious or go get sour
cream I'm gonna get your little exactly
yes this is what I do to myself for the
entertainment of the Internet you tell
him what it was for yes let me know
we've done a colossal or anything you
try it lion-o know what I left
Oh like I don't even think that you
should touch that no you should like dip
this end in it yeah yeah I was if you
accidentally touch your face after
that's why I wear the safety goggles
there's no safety hipster don't either
wait for something no that's why I got
you this hour okay here take a little
gonna do it do it I have no utensil do
it if your pinky in there and do it you
just want me not to hold it I want you
to do it's going in your mouth
who cares if it goes on your finger when
I think you're trying to back out if I
think they're doing you are not using my
straw don't ya
tiny bit dip your tongue in it oh god I
can't tell where it is if you're tying
it
and to get it oh my baby wait ten
seconds
I think I just ruin my dinner so hot
what is it like like burning oh it is oh
it is red is it yeah
um here's a lesson don't use water use a
paper towel or a napkin it sucks up the
oils right dab it I feel I can do more
than that I feel like I got to do more
because I think the Internet's gonna
call me out it's bullies I think that's
too much Charleston are you out of sour
cream
yep you hit about way better than I
thought you're going to it's once it
gets back here feels like you're throw
throws clothing up I feel like I could
have done more
yeah I'm advocating that we're done I
think I did it though Oh so kicking in
it's a slow burn yes really is like it
or at least capsule so purchase these
little ornament maker things where you
can like do foot impressions so we're
gonna do it absorb Arling what is this
for just roll it out that's gigantic
this to me like I was like model magic
oh it is my idol I want to do it like
there's another package there are two
dogs there's little greenish woody red
and green how adorable that you know we
got to get this here so you want green
array just makes me want pizza so bad
right now this is a really dumb rolling
pin because it's like making marks in it
you know I mean yeah come on dog face
this Coco you're so silly
pillows to your right dude which what do
you want to use no no I'll do it first
my Eddie right oh come here
game I want to roll it out
like you are not doing this you're gonna
double baby you do let's roll it out
there we go we've got a Zoe pause 2013
oh it's all stuck together what the hell
so what are you doing take two Coco's
lighting here there we go a little Coco
one bit oh we go now we gonna do Marley
and then kitchen actually being pretty
good yeah she sounds really good alright
okay okay I need wonderful
what's happened my girl penny there's
Zoey's there's Coco's there's Marley's I
was showing you how to eat a pie this
one a pumpkin pie like a badass I feel
like I should have done that first other
wave on the right turn tail flan
it's supposed to be with hot water yeah
that's amazing you should make some kind
of this these are benevento use use one
of these I'm drinking through a cookie
like how can you even pretend like
anything's better than that we have to
go to bed because we have to be up in
like 4 hours I think four freaking hours
because we're driving to Key West we're
taking the over taking the ferry my
friends getting married in Key West this
weekend I'll see you guys tomorrow if
you guys are just brand new maybe you
guys just came from the fine brothers
elders react video hello welcome to the
video don't forget to subscribe and if
you guys didn't know the fine brothers
didn't elders react on my brain surgery
I'll put a link in the description go
check it out show some love for that
video I was really cool that they did
that and like the video for Ally's
awesome jacket like your female
terminator better get in here let's do a
comparison internet who has a better Oh
TV for today I think it would be me tell
me in the comments guys so see you guys
tomorrow as always but we in Key West
this time
with CTFxC
step back
they'll switch
let's go
