good morning guys just long night anyway
it looks like they're finally here but
unfortunately I think this is gonna take
a few days which makes sense I guess my
face hurts my other words as you
probably can hear they extended
everything carpets are getting ripped up
when this case completely ripped up this
is Harold entrance guys are crushing it
looking good so far looking pretty damn
cool and also we got this really little
gateau I thought it was a funniest thing
I saw this on eBay
yeah blinky got Bart Simpson and Maggie
and they're all catnip toys I mean if
you thought our cat wasn't gonna have
some toys you're crazy
I actually have one of these we have one
of these on the pinball machine mm-hmm
so we're staying upstairs so I'm
obviously down here in the middle that I
ever go bathroom I can do it blindfolded
up there everything is a little bit you
know I got to readjust and calibrate
walk right into the frickin door it was
a little funny you know it's funny it's
this is from walking into a door - I
know that was really bad yeah that was
the one I woke up live my like I woke up
at a part of my own blood I looked over
to me I was like what happened I was
like I told you last night I cut myself
you weren't waking up anyway I saw you
gave myself a black eye last night but
you can't really see it right you look
just a little bit yeah I got scars I get
this guy got this guy I got one of these
scars I got this scar I got a lotta
scars on my legs I've been I didn't beat
up the two dudes are finishing up the
floor they're killing it right now I
can't believe how fast they're going
the problem is we have to keep the dogs
upstairs and it's getting super kind of
hot because every time we let them out
they kind of try going downstairs and
then they try to go into that room so
having to shut the door but I don't know
what's going on with our air
conditioning of course something else
it's going on upstairs
everything always screws up but we had
to shut the door and put some fans on so
right now I'm gonna go get a baby gate
and then that way we can keep the door
open and some air can get in and out by
the way Rica loves her Simpsons toys
she's definitely definitely our cat he's
our daddy that's for sure Shelley yeah
oh yeah that Ali's best friend Shelley
her and I had this awesome special bond
because we both can quote Simpsons back
and forth which is all ally feels left
out Nigel and Shelley and I are much
brighter together
okay wait until I start doing theme
songs and stuff so I chose Lu doesn't
matter
so I think I feel like we always have
the most random things we have to get
from stores just trying to find a baby
gate that's all we're trying to find
when that thing that Ali is dealing with
right now we went to look at her I
prescription just what yeah he went to
the place that we went to and they said
they don't have it and we looked up the
ecologist name she's at a completely
different place we call that place
apparently this optometrist never worked
there doesn't exist so I'm starting to
think Ali went to some apologists in the
back of the van or something like that
so we're dealing with this whole
situation it's freaking hilarious
because nothing makes sense baby gates
right in front of our face obviously
since we can't live down here right now
we've been surviving upstairs you know
like I said early this morning I walked
into the wall but now the air I don't
know what's going on with it so is one
thing okay so we can't come down here
now the air scoops up so we have to pay
for like an emergency air conditioning
guy that's on call it's like a doctor
for air it's so funny that was gone
wait you said I have a primary care
doctor hello damn it I lost
thank you kidneys dammit I just got one
of those phone calls again and I was
actually gonna get to play around with
him this time but they I think the watch
disconnected what sucks cuz I was gonna
have so much fun stringing that along I
find it more fun than getting like
please don't call me I'd rather just be
like and waste their time and entertain
myself it's just more fun so hopefully
they call back
air conditioning update we don't know
what's going on it could have just
frozen up or there could be a leak we're
having them put some freon in it I
learned something today that freon
should always be lifetime it shouldn't
have to not like a car I'm trying to
think that it's not like car oil where
you have to renew it and put new ones in
it a new oil I struggled on that one but
apparently you put in once and it's
supposed to last the whole time I came
to having to take her out because she's
been a little jerk and whining like
crazy even though she doesn't wanna you
want to play with your Simpsons toys and
I noticed that one thing that really
calms her down is if I
outside with the girls and be from a
little afraid of giving her used to
going out there because I don't want to
bolting out because that would be bad
because that would be bad these coyotes
everywhere and you would be a gummy bear
of course she wouldn't be out anytime
soon do you not know how to run around
the house yet by herself and eventually
I feel like you'd be one of those cats
that try to do it look at it don't you
don't know don't you know it hurts so
bad I can't tell it feels like that
black eye is getting worse and worse but
it hurts so bad like every time I blink
like right there just hurts much neither
haircut time before and after I also got
some pretty cool hair products so that
way I can make this look a little bit
more stylish oh didn't get the film a
lot today but I got a lot of stuff
back-end taken care of actually later
tonight I don't know if you guys knew
was coming out is that the essay was an
SNES classic Eragon said it right it's
coming out in the morning are in the
late evening so I think Melissa Ali and
I are all gonna go and wait in line for
that thing I don't think it's gonna be
too bad as far as like lines are
concerned because I mean I'm imagining
I'm used to like iPhone lines and stuff
like that so I don't feel like it's
gonna be too bad I feel like the Nerds
that are gonna want to go and get it are
few and far between I think that's what
I'm hoping for but I don't know it's
just gonna be more fun to go check it
out though hey you guys remember that
whole baby gate thing we had to get a
new one ever since who broke it was it
Marley
I think Marley just plowed right through
it broke it so convenient okay
nope that's not your Bart Simpson sir
hello Kalyan Singh hello oh I wasn't
talking to you Tom so obviously you know
that I'm at Caleb's house and we're
sitting here talking and we're having a
pretty serious conversation and I look
down and I see something and I I think
to myself I'm not going to say anything
Allie keep to yourself don't ask
questions but then like 30 seconds I'm
bi and I could not concentrate on what
they were talking about how does my baby
not have a call the chubby cat large cat
door now please explain Tom it's off the
ground and the regular cat is what the
non-fat door the six point six by six
like how do we get our little cat try to
hop in there every time and this so you
know so now the flap the flap size is
seven 1/2 by ten and a half you wanna
see what the size for appszoom you check
make sure the cat little dog my cat's a
chubby can't new cat is not even chubby
he's a king chubby cat chubby cat large
cat I think I see a chubby cat because
he needs a few more inches it's more
comfortable for the cat given a bigger
entrance your wide chubby doesn't it
leap into a hole please you can't would
you rather them say that he's extra
fluffy no they just see a larger cat
door they don't wanna see trouble cats
trouble count large guys so we just took
it over to meet up with everyone food we
get out
it's nice little festival thing going on
well the good thing is they are not
closing
yeah that's a positive I want to have
food
we've got a gentle leader on now - it's
because you're a crazy little dog so
funny right buddy wants a beer now you
don't get your you would drink it all
I'm gonna do behind the scenes in
Melissa's log don't even know wait how
close are you to your your milestone so
you only need 10,000 more everyone
should go follow Melissa youtube.com
slash mal get her over that 200 thousand
mark okay deal deal is that a deal is
that binding is that what you want okay
so bad if Melissa gets 200,000 I get a
good pie that'll whip cream pie like a
lemon meringue or apple pie
okay that's what's gonna end up
happening so 10,000 everyone subscribed
you two guys both you everyone excuse me
ma'am
come on he's stuck I stopped but I had
my brake lights on
to what so by the way closely gets
10,000 more subscribers I get the pie
her okay we're gonna add to it
ally gets the pie you do so we get
double pies Finley's
that's the thing Finley likes to sit on
dogs kickin leaves but how's my eye is
it getting better okay cameras not
focusing well guys on that note we had a
fun night hanging out with everyone I
need to get some sleep
I need to put some ice on this stupid
face of mine leave it to me give myself
a black I watched second okay this is
the funny part no I told him that's the
worst part so the thing is like I told
him last time I got a black eye or like
a slice of my face was walking into a
door and now the second time is hey
guess what trolls walked into another
door and gave himself a black eye this
time please don't forget to subscribe
with notifications that's super key if
YouTube goofs up which it kind of does
every once in a while and check out
yesterday's video I appreciate everyone
I love everyone's support on yesterday's
video it was very difficult for me to
talk about so thank you thank you thank
you so much for making me feel a little
bit more comfortable in that
uncomfortable awkward situation I will
see you guys tomorrow as always have a
great night bye and we're gonna do this
