good morning Internet so today is a good
day Ally's on her way home right now
she's flying from California and I'm
just pep-talking the dogs Hey
all those things I let you do you can't
do that when Ali comes home no can't
definitely not
maybe that's nicely probably not
Hey anyway Ali's coming home today and I
forgot to tell you guys so me getting
all this stuff while she was gone was
actually a surprise I just didn't tell
you guys because I figured you guys
might accidentally ruin the surprise
also that whole setup that we're doing
in her office that's a complete surprise
as well she has no idea that I was going
to do that so like all this situation
right here is gonna be a complete
surprise to her and then once we get the
sound proofing right there and again I
didn't tell you guys that I don't trust
you guys just because I didn't want to
trust you too much with too much
pressure that it might actually leak so
anyways we got two awesome surprises
going for Ali she'll be home in the next
couple hours we're all leaving the
continued trip it is the last day we are
traveling back home and I'm very excited
to see the dogs and see Charles and my
house and my family has been a really
long time and it's gonna be Christmas
and when you're back which is so
exciting it's just really sad and
it was so great getting to know with the
new faces and seeing the old faces and
this time around was even better than
the last which I didn't think it's
possible I feel very lucky that I got to
come on this trip so that means we're
running out of time we've got to finish
these surprises okay do all the bad
stuff before she gets here so Dennis and
I are finishing Ally's surprise right
now I feel like she's gonna freak out
not only this all set up for her she can
do our ask Ali's over there that she
could do drunk gaming over here but she
also got a Nintendo Wii which is
something she's been wanting for a very
very long time she's been always
complaining that everything's been
really echoey also I bought her a green
screen and some new lighting so that's
coming too so I always got a nice little
surprise she's gonna freak out this is
how professionals do it they use brooms
and slippers so you need brooms and
stuff like that
tada Ecco you hear that exactly exactly
now we just have to wait for Ally come
home and hopefully be surprised to like
it again she has no idea we did this
unless you tweeted they're due to eat
her did you tell her welcome to LA and
now we have a seven hour layover in two
more places like a flame it's a
different foot than our original
itinerary our bags are not on this plane
she has one of my back and I have one of
hers on Mike under my name
last time I was happening I don't want
to go home so remember this broken thing
look we can mail the day Ali comes home
a brand new one so we're just gonna swap
that out really quick and not tell her
by the way look at her nose it's getting
pink again half close to her come on
clean now let's go get cleaned to get
stink
did everyone wish you a happy birthday
yesterday voice is cracked
puberty sucks you feel better I already
dried your face come on good eye John
fluffball now of course you can do that
as you're out of the shower alright so I
got to start packing because tomorrow
actually I think gets in in a couple
like in an hour tomorrow I actually have
to go to Boston for this my brain
checkup and I think I should wear this I
think it should wear this shirt and then
we go to Key West because my old college
roommate
Ricky is actually getting married it's
gonna be kind of like Ally's gonna fly
in we're gonna fly out to Boston we come
home we drive to Key West it's gonna be
a lot of traveling but it's gonna be
worth it Ally's gonna be pooped and then
during all this craziness actually our
album comes out on the 16th so what is
that six days from right now if you're
watching this on the right day which is
really exciting because I hope you guys
like the album we've been working all
year writing the songs recording the
songs going back and forth with ideas so
that's coming out in six days on the
16th
but CTFxC we got to make sure that baby
gets to number one I know we can do it I
know we can do it I know the CTFxC can
do it anyone could do it definitely you
guys so mark your calendars the 16th I'm
trying to find a shirt there's so many
black shirts
there's think of enough black shirts
years of traveling stop it
Manman hello I don't have the puppies
how are you hi are you crying I missed
you
puppies are gonna be so happy I got some
surprises for you are you getting snot
on my shirt
yeah someone tweeted congratulations on
your new stove I was like what yeah I
just was like screw it let's just do it
you lied and be like it I heard you
broke the juicer no no somebody told on
me they're lying because look what you
do nothing there's a bunch of liars the
Internet's a bunch of liars No
did you like to buy a new black head no
just this oh my god no no the blades are
fine one surprise down no time to look
at number two Ali welcome to drunk
gaming oh my god what did you do
got soundproofing this is awesome where
did you find this stuff your dad and
I've been really really busy on the
living room
she's not going in here just made that
bad I finally shut up are you fighting
shut up Thank You smelly kangaroos
what's the smallest well yeah take a
four minute video of Zoey Marley just
licking your face and then we'll just
cut to one of them looking their ass and
new pool no good look at Zoe says I quit
was this she's like a kid it's a
microwave
it's a vent
we just surprised Ali with the most
gifts ever one two three four five five
seconds it takes so did the internet
ruin any of these surprises I was
reading Twitter and it said congrats on
your stove and I was like what stove do
we left all those wrappings because this
is our favorite thing to do
laptop is working everything is fine
we're making noises and we're walking
and we're doing things nobody is so
exciting
everything is good nightmare a
nightmares over
I'm gonna go sleep down guess what we
got to do tomorrow we got to get on a
plane again
you've been living on a plane Ali's been
traveling more than me and then we gotta
go to Key West no oh no we gotta go to
Key West Oh rocky west alright guys so
we're gonna go to bed have a great night
I hope you guys liked today's video if
you did please don't forget to click
that little like button also don't
forget to subscribe so you can watch
this every single day because the next
couple days are gonna be kind of crazy
tomorrow what a freezer took yourself
okay I took this Oh
okay so what what put that down you're
not alone anymore I'm in bachelor boats
though
with CTFxC
who else with me
let's go
