gentle oh everyone so today is our last
official table I just made a very
special request for a song that I think
Jack and I Rhapsody the whole bunch more
hopefully if not they can get off my
baby way
Oh
a little bit wait let's watch seven
we did it we finished and now the judges
are judging good job team douchebags I
think our team did great with the
tropical theme and we made up Cindy s
about wire stuff was tropical but that's
all part of it right got to be able to
sell it and I don't think I explained
very well sorry the challenge itself is
that we had all of these stations set up
and all the yellow dots are to like
denote local ingredients and we had to
just go around we have to make an
antipasto and marinade with two proteins
and a cocktail so they gave us all this
awesome stuff to choose from and we just
had to basically make up a meal for the
judges we only had an hour and 20
minutes like this is what Iron Chef is
like I would never want to do that show
it is so successful we're like oh my god
it's cold now you've got to time
everything perfectly you got to make
sure everything's first of all taste
good three two one wait brand-new pool I
got this how's the new pool do you like
it
Zoey Marly haven't even gone in yet okay
swan dive go that quiet swan dive well
good enough that step was designed
specifically for you so you're gonna sit
your little butt down there you like
that you're so pumped how this looks now
does have those green suit of spa chah's
are you gonna make him jump at me I knew
that's what you were gonna do you guys
think Marley's a compressed
look at this that's all I gotta say he's
asleep see it sitting up right now no
I'm awake okay you know where the break
is right no that's not it that's not
good
Oh make sure you break we just found out
that they are cooking for us and I'm
excited
Byron Bay not a hundred percent on that
pretty sure that's where we are and the
waters call me a lot of Florida yeah not
just goes the beach well not the
mountains oh look at the little jellies
we are at the Currumbin wildlife
sanctuary oh they're koala
they're so cute in this whoa oh my god
they're adore what cat has her sleeping
this is the cutest ever
he is so tiny
he's like the tiniest one go buddy oh my
god he feels like a sheep oh my god this
is the cutest I can't even get over
there how cool would it be to just be
able to just conk out at the top of the
tree like that not even worry about it
where are you going are you lost
oh my god I gotta find a tree I don't
know everybody I did Sun and chillin
catching some rays hey good jump oh yeah
you thought you can lift it
yeah I'll get it hey guys I'm just like
really high over here so you guys got
any snacks no I'm gonna get this Mac
come on what day is today
it's Zoey's birthday what a day for a
birthday let's all have some ice cream
oh you put your birthday hat on you
can't have your treat until you put your
birthday hat on
Zowie on see she got to her face just
kicked it right off happy new year
is it technically it's true Marley you
conspire you want to go okay I will take
it over here there you go I'm taking
mine to bed too you guys know better
than bring it into bed and since I
haven't had pizza probably in like four
months I'm gonna break down and have a
piece of pizza I have to do it
mm-hmm worth it
they don't look like they travel around
in a gigantic desk body go nuts though
family these guys are endangered now
because the disease kind of wet like
went through Tasmania and wiped a lot of
and oh I wish I knew what this was
called but I totally don't that's a is
completely accurate in describing it as
like an unusual size whoa guys check
this out oh yeah in there oh my god oh
you can keep them what's the like on the
side I sent buddy hey that's really cool
so they know that a wolf lighted animal
is food you're just totally chill with
that so year was I was just trying to do
it Wow pretty yeah
a man didn't go oh I think we woke them
up hey little guy is that rock warm on
your face so amongst its nose looks like
plastic echidna apparently has a really
long tongue so we can get it a termite
mound I didn't even say that one they're
friends and you see it I know not unlike
Marley this animal eats other animals
throw up or even his own if you feel so
inclined
thank you for demonstrating while I'm
recording Wow Turk I remember hanging
out catches ray what is going on we're
going into the t-rex paddock right now
it's not gonna be easy man don't jump
okay again just stay here man I'm gonna
munch these bugs off your back you're
gonna feel better in a minute so
remember that statue that I filmed the
other day of the bird that they were
saying you should definitely avoid
that's a live one and it just gave me
the stink-eye big time he reminds me of
the peach well it doesn't think of Pedro
fuzzy peach we're in the kangaroo
paddock and I just found one that has a
Joey yeah how cool you've got a little
jelly in there don't cha hi there
it's so cute oh yeah I don't have any
food I know you need some cuz you're a
working mom where I go bye-bye
that's an emu oh that's a big bird Oh
God scary little guy
yeah get some itching going on I don't
always lounge but when I do I lounge in
the Sun so these are the red kangaroos
and I really want to pet one but I'm
terrified of it
hi yeah alright can I pet your back you
check out your muscles bro nice you've
been working out you've been lifting
this is the cutest little one I've ever
seen I really I'm trying to pet it but I
don't want to put I don't to pick up
them on this is the mom snack time
you go mama working mom he's like I
think I love some milk in there let me
eat yep that's definitely in there I can
I just want people to know that all of
that was done under the supervision of a
ton of professionals was all very well
supervised so just don't freak out about
it
slowly it's starting to come together
drug gaming is going to be epic Alec
comes home tomorrow and I'm super super
excited she's been gone for like two
weeks the one awesome thing is that we
do at the vlog so I can see what she's
doing over there and at the same time
she wants to vlogs and see what we're
doing over here so anyway don't forget
to subscribe you guys are brand new to
the videos and don't forget to click
like if you enjoyed today's video
I mean bunch of cute animals what's not
to like and I will see you guys tomorrow
as always have a great night
you see what you did
with CTFxC
I'm gonna say
who else with me
let's go
