first things first I'm an idiot as you
can see there is no battery in here so
I'm using my iPhone but the good news is
I'm going to get a haircut so I can fix
all this stuff that's going on I don't
really know what I can do but I'm
filming on my iPhone right now cuz I'm
an idiot like I said no battery you can
make fun of me in the comments go for it
you get 30 seconds and make fun of me in
the comments 30 seconds and then that's
it oh that's that's true friendship Troy
if she falls it's all your fault you got
to say bye to Karen the place has been
honestly lesson I loved everywhere that
we went in Australia but Cannes was
definitely my favorite it is so much
like my home but it's still Australia so
it's like a really good mix boat I'm
gonna have to stay with my favorite but
I loved everywhere I really really did
everything has been so fun so far and
they just announced on the bus what
we're doing for the last day of the trip
I can't believe it's already over it
really sucks but there'll be another one
next year there we go
this is before summer is hiding she had
her baby what's his name Zach Zach and
after what you guys think that's a lot
better Kenny can't even see a scar
that's the craziest part I mean you can
only from the direct side but right here
you can't see it at all now we got to
frickin go home so get a battery for
this thing so I can stop using the
iPhone that's the cutest donut I've ever
seen come on Marley try a trick jump
jump oh how we do this trick Hey Joe Joe
Joe Joe Joe do you like my new haircut
low-five good job I'm really not
understanding this restaurants tagline
to public space
that's what I want all my lunch meats to
be hi just before I left we ordered a
bunch of stuff because we're gonna be
revamping drunk gaming season three
every turn alleys office into a full-on
studio so she can do a lot more ask
alleys and videos like that as well as
drunk gaming
very regularly hopefully weekly so we're
working on that stuff today
so this is our surprise for this
gathering we're turning into koalas
onesies
that's equality
the question no end
ah yeah who was in action memories
having a little bit of an issue with
Barry no pooping on the bus basically
what we got to do is we get some
soundproofing is so echoey and then
we've got to get something for the floor
then we'll put the drunk gaming TV here
we'll kill it couch right here put the
green screen right here and then we're
gonna make out on a full-on studio
internet killed television studios
here's your little pack to do all the
hang the wall mount for the TV it's
gonna be a project oh yeah season three
of drunk gaming will be coming back soon
very soon
you can tell I'm having Dennis help with
this because this is the proper way to
do it you guys want to see the improper
way to do stuff I think you guys might
remember last time in my office here's
the improper way to hang stuff just kind
of put in holes and kind of
guesstimating and maybe there'll be a
stud man
I'm pretty stoked to get the studio ever
since we moved into this house for like
two years we've been saying that this
room would be a studio we got the WiiU
ready for drunk gaming games so the new
season will have a Wii U all the old
systems an Xbox one and hopefully a ps4
if we can find one so any ideas for
drunk gaming games tell me in the
comments right now in this video and
then Ali and Justin will go through it
and pick a bunch of them so first season
three this is the weirdest thing that
has ever happened a hotdog with your
name Chelsea Chelsea the hotdogs between
two koalas make up a name for this I
don't know what it could be a hot koala
part of the way through the meetup I had
to stop the lumps I have to pee and I
have no idea how I'm gonna do that in
this suit it's gonna take me a little
bit of time but everything is nuts and
it's still so many people here the
gathering it's been really good so far
there everyone's been really sweet I
wish we could spend more time in
Brisbane I think we only gonna be here
just basically for the meetup thank you
guys again everyone that came out thank
you so much for coming thank you for the
gift thank you for the letters and I'm
really bummed Charles gonna be here he
would have loved to meet all of you guys
we're literally being swept off our feet
by viewers this is magical your butt
looks really good
ha yeah Plateau brave
Will's gonna pull at my hair wet how do
you want to like them and I don't want
to be this day drunken ok that's perfect
fucking cameras up the Lighting's over
here it's gonna be good guys get excited
we're doing this thing a legit this time
there's like two people out these poor
kids nothing and Jesse on the O's the
Eider comfort life 30 Bennett next on
the agenda since Dennis and I just got
the TV up is to go get some sound
proofing so that doesn't echo like it
does down because right now it sounds
like a freaking Canyon some ideas now we
got a nice little stand so we can put on
all the consul's underneath the stupid
thing dennis is trippin on a swivel Bob
get some padding right here or
soundproofing this office is gonna be at
all the videos sounds so much more
perfect we're going legit guys we just
got to our hotel and this King place is
a like a castle this is not room
although I'm so scared that it's so huge
I'm gonna make her sleep in the bed with
me this is my master suite complete with
two massive closets we have a patio and
check out we have a mini-fridge a
dishwasher a sink a bathroom equipped
for crazy orgies and also handicapped
people this place is insane I'm not
complaining I'm just confused
hey thank you for the box I really like
it and you guys thought Marley the other
day was pretty strategic when opening
look at Tyson he's like 90 pounds of
Marley it just destroys it I just threw
the box to him all right here's a little
leak guys for the new songs get another
leak cuz what is it nine days think it's
nine more days right so close this first
time hearing it
that's all you get
that's all you get ROH so we're both
like editing and working now it's been
kind of a slow day for us today we just
mostly travel it kind of packed up
everything preparing for our last couple
days here which said the gathering was
super super successful and really fun it
worked out great it was the last of the
three gatherings I think we saw everyone
yeah we did we totally did yeah we got
to see a lot of you guys and I know that
some people wanted to see more than one
youtuber and it worked out really well
this time so very happy about that all
right one more leak since we're getting
so close this is another one Marley go
get them the up sleeping
like no I don't want to alright so you
guys get Marla you guys look the same
but the button you get up to I made her
get up the same but get seen but yeah
that's it for today tomorrow is our very
last day we're doing our challenges and
a couple of their fun things that's
pretty much it and then I head home to
see my pups and my family and I'm really
excited about that
alright guys thanks so much for watching
today's video and I will see you
tomorrow you go back to bed you faked it
you faked it you faked it
oh ho Apple okay this way to wake up on
so I was just reading some random
articles and I got to show you guys this
- okay I have to do it which one is the
darker color tell me in the comments and
I'm gonna blow your freaking mind
which one's the darker color which was
the lighter color so they're they're two
different colors right that's great okay
now put your finger over the middle
cover the middle doesn't that blow your
mind just take it away and I just blow
your mind that just happened
I have no idea is that freaking crazy
it's witchcraft be the honest in the
comments if anyone actually know that
those two were the same colors I I feel
like probably no one did that just blew
my mind the internet well I'm gonna kind
of just get some editing done then I'm
gonna pass out because I'm pretty tired
I feel a lot better than I did yesterday
you're brand new to our videos please
don't forget to subscribe and I will see
you guys tomorrow so don't forget to
click that like button if you guys
enjoyed today's video which we hope you
guys did and welcome to the CTFxC family
if you're brand new like it just said -
yesterday Ali dressed up as a quality I
think the cool thing is Ali's gonna go
play with a koala tomorrow
I just hope she's wearing her koala
onesie anyway I want to go have a great
night love you all bye
you see what you did
with CTFxC
they'll switch
let's go
