hey guys so I just woke up in the middle
of the night to the bathroom and I saw
this I had to film it and she show
horrible is
hmm
hello Internet so we just come back from
the bank because I had another random
seizure I just talked to my doctor they
don't think it's the chemo all right
Zoey so we got a nervous phone that
you're nervous bone are you protecting
me Mom
why don't you ever put this leg down can
you do that is that leg even possible to
go down might put some pants on keep
your leg closed we're going back to the
bank because I was literally in the
middle of doing something that I needed
to get done
today I should walk in flipping tables
and be like I'm back and then I'm gonna
go home and beat Dead Rising 3 that's my
goal my fingers getting back we are
going to be going on a helicopter ride
we found out that we the team juice bags
you want a helicopter ride like I
thought it yesterday was the most
ridiculous ever now today and also the
color the water
don't jump
this is very fan all day a magical
Wonderland
don't cry honey I'm okay your mom and
dad rocked it
the best thing you could do is just have
fun out there for me okay
thumbs up do thumbs up your thumbs up
while you're holding the phone that's
still one so we got some spaghetti
squash with some meat sauce
deliciousness you know your child is
definitely done for when you get excited
about appliances we already talked about
this before but I was cooking and took
like half the time because it actually
cooked faster or at least turned on
faster screw videogames just give me
appliances okay you're on fire now well
we did it you on fire this is real life
duh control come on actually try to hit
me try to hit me I'm a Grim Reaper stick
you're screwed now try to hit me just
try to don't walk into the walls before
couple more Zoey come before Zoey couple
more couple more all yours kick me in
the balls okay come on what you did now
you did wait are you kidding me that's
the ending to Dead Rising I'm so angry
right now I'm just so angry
apparently there's several endings
because I apparently got ending letter
see if you beat Dead Rising tell me you
in the comments which one you got
because see is that fun so angry right
now but at least I beat it now what do I
get a play so now later now which one do
I want to play tell me which one is
better also tell me in the comments how
many zombies apparently killed only 7502
zombies alright well the internet it's
time to go to bed and the video today
was a kind of crazy crazy day at my end
but an amazing day on Ally's end and I'm
so happy she had such an amazing day
this is why I pushed her so hard to go
on the trip even though I couldn't go
was because this potential risk that I
knew could potentially happen and I
didn't want both of us to not be able to
go to Australia so thank you guys so
much for all your love and concern I
feel fine I'm just a little tired so we
go to bed I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video because in my opinion it
was one of the coolest videos Alli got
some of the cool
footage I've ever seen this is one of
those things you know like how many
people get to say they've got snorkeling
at the Great Barrier Reef and you guys
went with us anyway so if you guys are
brand new to our videos please don't
forget to click the little subscribe
button also please don't forget to click
the like button if you enjoyed today's
video
really honestly if you didn't like
today's video cuz I would do a virtual
smack because honestly it was one of my
favorite ones to watch while I was out
there so soothing and relaxing so I put
the cheesy little calming music when
aliquat by the way Ali's got a new
boyfriend that fish is called Willie
Willie the fish apparently I'm competing
against Willie the fish now never seen a
fish just come up and let you pet him
like that anyway I love all you guys
thank you for watching today's video and
we'll see you guys from all as always
see what you did
taxi
they'll switch
let's go
