yeah nice least you're gonna fall in the
water if anything happens you going
first buddy look what's going on here I
learned my lesson you guys are doing
this before we go for a walk
it's a no horse on the road go go
Catherine you need a walk after this
good at least she's freaking out three
years what you do Jim and I were just
messing up lyrics to a really popular
song because I like yeah showing it in
the last week we just found out that we
might be bungee jumping apparently the
challenge is in several parts and we
might not make it to that part which I'm
really hoping that we don't I don't want
to do it I've done so many other
ridiculous things in my life and I've
been totally okay with that bungee
jumping is just not one of them that's
not something I've any decided to do but
I feel like I owe it to you guys and to
Charles to try
got our tickets our jump ticket and we
are a bunch of jumping off of that which
is 50 meters or like 100 164 feet or
something everyone's really friendly but
and I'm watching the clips of Ally
bungee jumping
that looks so crazy it's so freaky I
don't know if I honestly would have done
it what are you doing these are the
worst guard dogs
you already said hi now your kill so
this takes me back to when I was ropes
course up in Georgia and I jumped off
that that like just freefall platform
100 foot platform and I was like you
know maybe I can do this but then I
thought about it and this is a little
bit different and it's also almost twice
as high I'm so great that I really want
to do it some people are gonna go in the
water like they let you bunch jump and
touch the water I don't want to do that
what are you wonderful day it's our
problem-free tsunami so free guy every
pretty pond I'll just show it to a lot
so I'll show it so unless your screen
little buddy
let's go so I was just thinking about
these four appliances in a house guys
how bad would it be without these in the
house do you think you can live without
them I can do without the microwave and
perhaps the dishwasher I would have to
have a stove have to have to have the
refrigerator what do you guys think
oh yeah I'll take that that's more my
speed okay a bounce house sure I'll go
home we're not even halfway been there
yet just had our first challenge which
was a goal beating down a container of
Vegemite and it was horrible
never again oh so here we go here we go
ha ha ha just kidding but oh my god no
I'm so nervous yes yes he's gonna face
last part of the challenge we're gonna
be judged on our enthusiasm our style of
jumping and how long it takes
hi guys I just jumped off a hundred and
sixty four foot Tower and drumroll
please oh that was the most exhilarating
awesome thing I've ever done it was so
good you did Belma I told Corey I was
like that's a very that was a very Sam
fall I didn't think this many of our
group would do it I'm so proud of
everybody it has been an amazing day
there goes Troy
all right so we're gonna announce the
winner now it's a close line I don't
know though we all have all the same
viewers that's what everyone has been
saying that we just want to make sure
that it's a viewer that watches all of
us that would that would be a winner
rain pours gondola take it off it hi you
know what there's actually a problem
that we've run into several times like
when you have this many daily vloggers
on a trip together
you're never gonna battle like over it's
all kind of like take turns pulling
certain things but if it's real this is
the rain worst
cicada shell holy mother Pete we're
learning all kinds of cool stuff about
all the plants around here most of it
will make you poop or will make you not
poop so this thing will kick you and its
head it's like or like a rock it's like
as hard as typing during mating season
they will kick you so hard they would
everything is so dangerous and so
hopeful we're stopped they were doing
those repairs and I'm pretty sure that
they needed to stop one of their carts
going up and now we're stuck we're
discussing what we would do I think our
verdict thus far is to use our clothes
to make a rope to lower us down to the
earth tree but then we're still like a
hundred feet in the air and I don't know
what we would do that there's a crazy
waterfall you know all these little
clusters of fruit growing up this tree
anybody knows what this is tell us
because we don't know tire here fruit
yeah I really hope you guys can hear how
awesome it sounds all right let's look
the cross
Oh God I love it that God you almost got
a rocking mohawk me and my Wilbur huh
are just two little koalas hanging out
ass and I'm so proud of everyone for
bungie now it's very good saying people
do that I don't know what I'm filming
right now is could not be anything cool
I don't know I hope it works but we've
just done this guy real I'm bunny yeah
for sure buddy oh sorry about that guys
so out of all the times the days that
I've actually had to take the chemo
pills today is the first time I've
actually felt really drowsy and I don't
feel nauseous I'm just like sleepy and I
have a phone meeting in like 10 minutes
so I just came outside to just kind of
lay out and look at the sky cuz it's
actually a beautiful freakin day dogs
are kind of walking around he's chilling
I was looking up right now the sky so I
kind of figured since Ali's just kind of
going crazy to a bunch of jumping and
doing all that crazy stuff that I could
just chill and it'd be totally cool it's
more entertaining over there anyway
there's a giant cockroach ready to load
my face let's go back to Alice clips
baby like with my dad
the simple things in life Cheers
you're not you and you're hungry I had
to say it so how do you feel after
bungee jumping I feel good
would you do it again yeah should I do
it I don't know the docs have liked it
dr. Vetter short shorts good job cleanup
crew help me out you know help me
so let her get it all go get some
so check out the only person I gets to
listen to the album ten days early what
do you think Zoey
is it good night did you like the CD you
like the demos close your eyes it looks
creepy before we're gonna bake guys I'm
just about to brush my teeth the
question of the day I want to ask you
guys would you guys ever bungee jump or
would you guys be too scared we're going
to do this video how strong you know the
worst thing in the world is like at the
worst thing in the world
Divya I had the power you waited for
like school you came ready for school
and get toothpaste on your shirt and
then you try to get it off it just
doesn't come off and then we're in the
middle of class you're a big white stain
on your shirt or your pants quite
embarrassing anyway if you're brand new
to the videos don't forget to subscribe
and if you enjoyed today's video
definitely don't forget to click that
like button especially if for the fact
that Ally jumped a bungee-jumping
for you guys alone you guys have to
click the like button now you pretty
much have to you're bound by law YouTube
law so I'll see you guys tomorrow
see what you did
with sexy
yeah
- a switch
let's go
