look at how cute in your little apron
cooking away 24 what do we have here
it's got a bit of Bush tomahto tomato
eggs bacon and they need something it's
a nice beautiful beautiful way to start
the morning it still sound like a man
it's like day six of this but whatever
working on it Jesse just Frank Gina
pretty badly well this big guy actually
it's a grasshopper I mean it's really
cool-looking
he's like what's his name hopper Marley
being all suave you know suave or she
just mess up and get too lazy I think he
messed up I think you slipped and you're
just too lazy to get back up you guys
want to know something really gross
I keep forgetting ever showered in two
days count it two days right now what
keeps happening as I get sucked into the
video game and then I have to take the
chemo pill and then after that you have
to go straight to bed and then I can't
have no time I just have no time to take
a shower that was just joking Laurens
like what does it matter no one sees me
except like three hundred thousand
people a day you guys can't tell it's
smelly
YouTube doesn't have a smell-o-vision
yet and this is like primarily a men's
sacred site we're going on a walk
through the gorge it's kind of like the
brother of the reel so I'm really
excited to go in there yeah it's also
like not excruciatingly hot yet so
that's good mr. mayor
No
I'll get this one so we're becoming try
to make the pain free anything just
tastes like crap
so I'm gonna see if I can try something
else it's kind of hard
I mean gluten is pretty awesome it sucks
but it's pretty awesome it's processed
gross Ness but it's processed
awesomeness at the same time oh man this
might be opening the gates of Hell right
now for me I was going by and I saw that
I was like who dog treats I don't know
why that interested me just me more than
the dogs sorry I'm not trying to be rude
I just distracted by everything she just
put out a really really adorable
Christmas music video and it is so cute
and she wrote the song and it's adorable
it's called we got snow you should check
out it's so cute he's been singing it
the whole trip he's so proud of her
there's like a little kazoo Parton so
fun I love it so if you guys are in the
holiday spirit
definitely go check that out this is
awesome oh my god it is like so
beautiful how's it going dot it's so
bizarre that there's so much like
sediment that has settled around a bunch
of natural just like smooth rocks so it
has like such an even textured surface
almost like like sparkles a little bit
decided that my pancakes were coming out
pretty crappy I actually got the right
stuff and then I actually got some of
this because I was craving a dog so I
got some seasonal dog do you guys
remember when this was a thing when
pomegranate juice was a thing remember
that fad and how its completely gone
what are people drinking now
it's like kabocha tea or something like
that people in health trends are just so
funny to me one of the first things
Lauren and I bonded on when I first met
her is the hate of Southern Comfort we
both have horror stories about how that
just and then just think of something
eggnog right we both have four stores I
think everyone is a horror story was
Southern Comfort if you do tell me your
horse - where in the comments mine
happened I think actually Thanksgiving
Day actually Thanksgiving night went out
with a couple of my best friends and
it's a traffic jam I went out with a
couple of my best friends to a house
party and I think it was my first I
think was like freshman year of college
and can't do it anymore
all right just talk to the camera okay
yeah there were no winners there never
is
lesson learned if anyone ever says let's
do a shot contest there are no winners
looking out of the so awesome it's a
gorgeous gorge so we made it to the end
of the hike I just can't believe it's
dry like red stone it's cool sure not
wait to get out there
so I bring um the mosquitos and I think
the pool is now done
this one's jumping it so bad right now
oh that's cold
oh my god show video show video showing
the deal oh wow I'm Matt they were pool
oh my god this is incredible okay there
was a noise that come from okay I get it
there she is girls Bam Bam Bam
how many been working on this least two
days trying to beat the stupid biatch oh
well he's not having it what is it you
have to open it Oh put up for present
Miley so we get Yoda up for this all the
time I'm staying away from this
oh I had to do guys okay don't be mad at
me I had to give up you can't just take
it away Zoe wants nothing to do with
this Oh Victoria smiley whoa
holy crap that does smell so good that
no one York for it everything what
lanyards Jesse said lame lame you're
hanging up now this is so cool I think
this is gonna be my future vacation spot
for sure with Charles whenever he wants
to come back so this is a giant lagoon
thing that the city has built because
the waters are like totally infested
with crocodiles and jellyfish it's not
safe to swim but they don't want to deny
people the privilege of swimming at this
beautiful location is it real maybe it's
like guarding something and then you are
gonna get so I don't know if you can see
that but there are bats hanging in that
tree right there they're really really
cool let's go
got one little ones coming
what about me Danny so we're not in
Florida there aren't any Gators but
there are crocodiles and you know
they're not like apparently they're
close to Tori the rivers are but some
are gonna go in there really really
really him okay we're just running into
people good morning welcome good morning
how are you got the darkest mornings of
everything yeah well kind of like Alaska
but backwards it's night here forever
you know did you let's rewind that
Charles to rewind that clip yeah is that
what you get is that what you get is get
waiting there are bats in this tree they
are all up in the I don't even know if
you can see them but they're all they're
here they're playing they're flying
around and they're really scary listen
to the noise and they're pooping no no
no do you see it flying it's terrifying
we're gonna eagle there's so much and
they are not afraid of people hope I've
never seen about that big in my life I
love it I think it's really cool I know
but I'm really terrified at the same
time already guys why I need to go bed
right away because well will you take
the caminar is that you need to go bad
like right after you take it so there's
no problems like you can't potentially
get nauseous anyway so I'll see you guys
tomorrow always be brand new to these
videos don't forget to click the little
subscribe button and like the video for
you enjoyed it and I'll see you guys
tomorrow as always goodnight now you got
turned off figure take my pants off
can't be stripping on YouTube done
pretty much everything else on YouTube
alright now bye guys
see you guys tomorrow
taxi
who else with me
let's go
