hi guys welcome to today's video you're
gonna see us marching on a gigantic red
rock in the middle of nowhere she's from
the future so must be cool she's
literally in the future I'm not even
kidding she's literally almost in
Wednesday right now I'm poking your face
be some kale baby bop bop nothing she's
biting and spitting it out so we do make
another mess it's 5 something in the
morning and we are walking to the
sunrise kind of like observation deck at
uluru right now it feels lovely out in
few moments I'm sure it'll be blazing
heat as it was yesterday
I cannot wait to see this they're kind
of like just a position of sound so
cliche to say but seriously though the
juxtaposition of like the color of the
ground like the green shrubbery and in
this gigantic orange rock with a
backdrop of like a gorgeous blue sky is
so cool-looking honestly if you ever get
the chance to hear a lifetime to come
out here and see this it's just amazing
you ready for this epicness yeah man
totally totally hi morning you guys look
so beautiful and silhouetted by the
sunrise what do you like that like in
this yeah we take it for granted because
it happens every day but truthfully it's
always something beautiful to see the
sunrise and especially here it's just so
flat and the clouds look so beautiful I
guess they were saying because the dirt
is red it makes a cloud look pink oh by
the way everyone's saying Ali doing all
those crazy things before I even got
pants on look at this I have pants on
and a shirt pants and a shirt on today
so suck I remember the other day when I
was goofing around with a blender
Lauren is trying to help me right now by
the way here's a sneak peak to a new
song okay that baby up
that's too much lawyers that no more so
I'm gonna go over here now so you can't
hear any more it's got the wait till
December 16th the new album comes out
anyway so when I was goofing around with
a blender look what I did I totally
broke this song Laurens trying to help
me fix it ran out before Ali gets home
because we all know what I was gonna do
she's probably gonna kill me
also yes I am wearing a different color
shirt other than black for a change
since we were making these in white I
figured I'd rocket which was bad because
I almost got beat all over it I want to
tie that in my brand new shirt so anyway
don't tell Ali same theme here so
there's a water fountain here but
there's a problem it does not allow you
to do it any smaller or like slower than
that it's a girl's team and Shawn's
draining us six miles turn k it turns
like blood colored and there's water on
it and look at this gigantic cave crap
it's cool it's a baby tadpoles that's
one of the biggest fans I've ever seen
why is he freaking out there he is hey
girlfriend you guys missed them
can't you go I wonder what kind of
wildlife shows up here but it's really
cool
later when no one's around as it gets
closer to Christmas morning walking
around now we can look at Christmas
lights everywhere free show no like
horse okay
you're in a barrel okay it definitely
makes you appreciate a simpler not a
simpler time if he's probably really
difficult to survive out here but a time
that was uh sort of unclouded by
modern-day stress it's like I have no
idea what that's like so it's called a
good like a miniature miniature tastes
feels we totally thought we were like
done we only have like a quarter left
turns out we only just halfway
apparently there's a warning that
they're putting they're putting up
little signs that say don't don't walk
after 11a yeah because there's a heat
warning gotta make it before them since
at least on Australia or not we can't do
our treat so she gets home so I came
over here to help you know help go
Marley helping are you going through the
the dreaded thing we're like one of them
just kills the entire strand you know
that dreaded thing we do lights every
single year you throw the ones outside
the tree are the ones inside the house
for this basically you look for like
women it's like this it ruins the entire
strand mostly these are nice ones
usually when you have ones that go out
like this and kills the entire strand
give me a Christmas ornament yes she
acts like is that even a question you're
witnessing a precious moment say Happy
Holidays get this crap off of us
Oh ridiculously gigantic we didn't not
my pants are probably staying forever
oh god it's beautiful good job group
good job group high five high five high
five high five about at an indigenous
dance exhibition and the boys just watch
the kangaroo dance so that was the most
enjoyable time I've ever had pretending
to be an emu it was very cool time to
invite us up there to dance with them I
hope I did it justice I hope I wasn't an
embarrassment to all of the
non-indigenous people so I just got home
and I just want to show you how spastic
Marley's being right now she's so hungry
I'm not gonna cut this video watch how
fast you'll do this ready
sorry doesn't care stick what is that
you got 120 seconds I couldn't have a
cue Matt quick enough though I have some
exclusive news or a sneak peek for you
guys it actually has not even made
public yet the new album we changed the
name to somewhere somehow because
everywhere the Kings album starts with
an S so we felt like we needed to keep
that up just got the new album cover and
I'm gonna show you guys before it's out
anywhere else without further ado BAM
there it is guys somewhere somehow we
the kings it's my first album with a
band comes out December 16th what you
guys think of the cover remember the
photo the really amazing thing about
this cover or this new album one I'm
pumped because I'm on it but two because
we took this photo on a tour and almost
every single person when we posted this
online said this should be the new cover
of the new album and we were listening
so that's what it is guys these things
are so cool they're like I don't know
they're like crested pigeons they have
like a badass cloth going on they're
like way cooler than regular pigeons
just because of that they're probably
not even pigeons but they're awesome oh
they are is that what they're oh I just
made a guess we turn there you guys can
watch this at 14 other angles on our
YouTube channel I'm missing you I'm
missing it there's rain over in the
distance if you can see that over there
that's rain and then there are a rays of
sunlight that are bending around the
atmosphere and it looks like there's
another Sun over there i I've never seen
anything like this in my entire life
that I've always said that the Sun sets
in Florida and the most beautiful I've
ever seen but I might have to amend that
right now some gluten-free pancakes you
want some more pancakes
hey guys it's me just having a blog
being normally you know doing daily
vlogging oh hey I love this channel I
love this channel Oh third eye blinds
the best I can't
another day you know things pretty great
everyone needs to go to Hannah Hart
YouTube in Twitter and bam her with like
love making comments because she grabbed
my camera off the coach she's my hair my
heart oh so here's the DOS number two so
five days then three weeks off last time
it was 300 milligrams
now it's 400 because I had such a good
reaction so here's hoping no issues I
don't think there will be a five days
then three weeks off they should have a
little biohazard things on the pills
there'd be even creepier
goodbye
friend is back tonight we have a
residential spider thanks Bibby good how
are you hey Jessie do your little trick
what you just did I'm totally not
smelling it don't I'm totally not
filming don't worry
the kangaroo bed alright guys well we're
gonna go so I will see you guys tomorrow
as always don't forget to subscribe and
brand-new and don't forget to like the
video if you guys enjoyed today's video
bye guys have a great night
with sexy
let's go
