good morning guys oh I just woke up feed
the puppies and I'm different as you can
see there now nicely fed I know what to
call Alec it's like whoo she's like 14
and a half she's in that weird times
over she's oh I forgot about that thing
on my face
good morning or night for you I don't
forgot I just woke up that better but
I'm hoping that the warmer weather is
gonna be a little bit helpful for
everyone who's feeling a little bit sick
and a lot of people actually that we
were talking to at the gathering we're
saying that they've never even been
there even though they've lived in
Australia their whole lives and I feel
like it's kind of like I've never been
to the Grand Canyon even though I live
in America so it's kind of like a cool
thing to be able to see like a really
nice natural wonder I guess you could
say I gotta get rid of this
I completely forgot I woke up this
morning freaked myself out freaked out
freaked the dogs out freaking the Lord
out freaked my mom out how'd it go today
we are landing
tiny little airs chill in Alice Springs
Airport we've been here for a few hours
now I think that our flight coming in
the one that is coming in here and then
that we are transferring on and going to
the Rouen is delayed because of this
it's been delayed so we're just kind of
waiting on our flight to come in so we
can hop on and transfer all that feeling
you should totally get a coach I think
everyone's kind of pulling for that
right now
maybe I'll just make some Airport
announcements we're gonna be delayed
forever
sorry wawk wawk wawk wawk can you walk
what can you walk look at Charles's baby
face you guys liking it like a little
bit better ceremony didn't mean to pull
you guys I think it was like almost
unanimous that everyone wanted the
moustache gone and I feel a little hot
better but now I could feel like a 12
year old that's why I never shaved
because every time I do it I'd look like
a 12 year old and may it freaks me out
more than a mustache I think yeah the
guy as we're leaving the airport
terminal to come out to the jetties like
I better go before the storm closes the
airport it can yeah
we just
you're better than like they're better
they're like well I got no
Schwarzenegger but like Jersey Shore but
it's like really great company and their
features are there Michael laughs James
and then I'm gonna run because I don't
want to get like I feel like they would
totally like robbed you like they would
I feel like the two and thousand we're
writing oh you know Harley
I feel like my face is completely
wrecked so today while waiting for Ali's
clips to download / I should say upload
because she guys can't tell from today's
video or yesterday's video or photos
posted online she's literally in the
middle of Australia in the middle of the
outback so one I have to give her props
because I have no idea how she's getting
Internet out there but I have to give
her major props for getting footage back
to us and - I have no idea how she's
avoiding all the terrifying creatures
out in Australia anyway what was I gonna
say oh so yeah basically what I do now
since sometimes it takes a long time to
upload so I can edit the videos my new
you Charles look at something shiny
thing I do as I go on YouTube and look
at the top charts and just try to find
funny videos and one of my favourite
type of videos to find are like the ones
that are like EXO commercials but
they're really cool commercials I feel
in last few years commercialism really
stepped up the game they're not boring
like blah blah blah they're actually
entertaining and I stumbled upon this
one it actually has Kobe Bryant and his
friend they're having like a selfie
competition all over the world and since
we tour all over the world I thought
it'd be a really kind of cool idea if we
did that on our next tour like us in the
band or something like that so if you
want to see what video I'm talking about
actually it's on the screen right here
I'll put a link in the description so
you guys can go check it out and then
let me know if you guys think it's a
really good idea I honestly think would
be really fun to do
I honestly be kind of cool to have a
CTFxC selfie war what are you doing
anyway guys go check out the video show
it some positive CTFxC love and then let
me know if you guys think we should do a
selfie war
the last couple of days they had a
problem with the medicine so it didn't
come until actually today so today I've
actually starting round two with the
chemotherapy and I'll be completely
honest I'm a little nervous of the first
round
luckily knock on wood was fine I didn't
have any issues but it always scares me
every time I look at it look anything
with a biohazard thing then you go about
to put in your body it's kind of freaky
but it was good the first time and I'm
hoping to go for the second time or the
third time or however many times I need
until this thing is done over with but
yet today I'm kind of just relaxing
because I'm trying not to over stress so
Ali's pretty much gonna be doing all the
cool stuff cuz I can't compete with her
and kangaroos and giant awesome
mountains and giant killer alligators
and has she seen an alligator yet I
don't think she has so I'm gonna play
some Dead Rising I don't know why I just
found this baby kangaroo on Google
Images and I want to lose okay I will
show you something
that was such a cool sight to see like
everything else so far enough Shelley it
was more than what I imagined it would
be
but yeah my camera died like while I was
on the back of the motorcycles so hence
the GoPro clips also I have these
sweatiest potty ever I know there's a
swimming pool in my pants from the swamp
ass it's disgusting so this is the first
thing we see when we step outside our
room hey gigantic spider making a web
right outside a room oh there it is
Ellie I bought you a gift I'm digging
your sex is on fire that's what we call
flame grilled steaks so we're cooking
our own food how's it going I don't know
it's kind of new to me it's kind of
doing it
never know when doing this right it
looks good
hey can you save me 15% of more on Iran
he's so cute oh why is it going out of
focus stupid freaking camera there we go
oh I don't know why I just found this
baby kangaroo on Google Images there's
the baby kangaroo
can't you see Marley in that like the
eyes you're like a baby kangaroo
kangaroo tell me that doesn't remind you
of Marley it's like a rat sighs Marley
we apparently are getting up in four
hours and we are going to see sunrise at
uluru I'm really stuffed for it but I'm
really not stoked or not can you sleep
hey we're an Australian no complaints
right so I'm going to upload the footage
to char I hope he's doing okay I saw
that he shaved himself the creepiest
mustache I've ever seen not sure I feel
about all that but everything's been
really cool the pool was awesome
everything was beautiful so it's been
great and we've had a really wonderful
time here so far everyone's been very
nice and we will see some spectacular
sunrise views but right and early
tomorrow so that is what we're gonna be
doing I'm still feeling just a bit under
the weather with my throat and stuff but
I feel like that's gonna go away as soon
as I can actually get a good night's
sleep alright everyone thanks for
watching love you Charles love you
puppies and I'll see you guys tomorrow
with CTFxC
we're dead
they'll switch
let's go
