good morning guys we are doing our very
first challenge and I'm running we are
taking helping us announcer stupid
pictures we just ran around today is the
first day that it's hot as balls we're
doing a photo challenge of like several
cool things like all around Sydney
Harbour I don't think we won I think
that was a nice first round for a shame
this is called the gap and this is South
had we were just over there North had
the other day to go to Manly Beach Park
was explaining to us but tour manager
was explaining to us that there's like a
lifeline in security cameras here
because apparently loads of people have
tried to kill themselves here Tim and I
were talking to him like if I came here
this would make me not want to die I
would be like this is beautiful this is
life its perspective yeah right this way
you know you never want to have a
permanent solution to a temporary
problem there's always help a.m. print
it write that down
thank you thanks for the words of wisdom
yeah you know everyone's always been a
bit of eloquence in a daily vlog and
Hannah's here to bring that to you
directly to your face but yeah there's a
really cool story that they followed up
with they said the sad part about the
fact that there were suicides here but
then they explained that there's a
gentleman who lived in a house just
across the lake who was kind of able to
recognize like the physical behavior of
someone who was about to commit suicide
and he talked to over 20 people down
which is so cool we haven't been here in
a long time
as you can probably tell from the
chirping in the back
we're going to the park we haven't been
there so long Lauren's taking us to the
park as I can't obviously drive still
and Alex saw the other side of the world
so while the guys are surfing I'm just
kind of walking around Bondi and the
concrete found look at this little furry
friends they're braver than I am
wasn't it car brought to you by
Volkswagen of course we haven't been
here probably involved with six months I
say and Marley's already taken over the
park nobody's messing with Marley
somebody's happy they don't know they
have to get cleaned later Tim Deegan
over here had ice cream he's had it for
a while and when doctor pointed out that
it had not melted so I looked at it look
at this part of the ice cream right here
does that not look like a skull
morning's let me see how can I get it to
focus there we go look at that skeleton
some people find Jesus and they're chose
well we find like omens of death and our
frozen treats there you go hey sure I
shave the beard Shape what about a
creepy mustache what about a mustache
police down at the Sydney gathering
Polly
madness guys are awesome I couldn't
believe it
do I do it do I do it maybe it's that
one it's starting to itch a little bit I
feel like people are looking at me very
hard you know I feel like people when I
walk into places they look at me like is
he supposed to be here is that kind of
homeless should we call the security guy
are you ready are you ready are you
ready
no Justin Bieber's here pal Oh Justin
Bieber's not here are you ready you
ready are you ready you ready yes I'm so
excited I can't make the noise it's
silent are you already there you already
ready she's like yep bathe me now clean
me I'm stinky see Miley when you do
things like this it shows the internet
how not bitchy you are you on the other
hand are kind of hard to wrangle up
founder Marlee don't worry you ready
mark you ready though or in the middle
of the journey now
does everybody meeting meeting and
there's Lily come here get a towel on
your butt shower time now it's my turn
rumors are true there's a policeman out
there and apparently there are several
more yesterday but he waited in line for
six hours to come and talk to him
I just looked at myself in the mirror
and I was like holy crap I look like a
freaking epic Grizzly Man epic man epic
man now I just need to walk around in
flannel like all of these videos that
we've done and with no one needs to
remember somebody's a little happy you
always bump when I'm about to give you
the bath but then afterwards just so
hyper there's a leading all these
awesome foods I figured I need to step
up my game I'm gonna try to make pumpkin
muffins to try to I know it's like
kangaroo meat but I feel like it's a
step up of my game
excuse me ma'am I literally just put all
these back in there all right let's do
this
I know I'm making a bigger deal than it
really is because I know it's a lot of
people in the comments that know some
people in the comments not a lot of
people were like Charles it's just a
beard of a grow back just shave it I
feel like what it is it's an equivalent
to think of a girl grew her hair out and
then she wants so she says that she
wants to cut it but she's afraid I feel
like that's what it's equivalent to with
a man version is they grow beard for
like a month or month or two or three or
a year and then get attached to it and
they're like I don't know cuz it really
honestly it's like one of those things
to ever look at myself in the mirror
every single day this is who I see I
feel like a girl version so everyone
understands is that I feel like the
haircutting thing because guys don't
care about haircuts I literally will
shave my head and it doesn't bother me
actually that's not true I didn't like
shave my head all right I got mature
it'll screw up like I did on tour with
start on sticks good god that's a lot of
hair still longer than her now I see why
Ali was complaining I'm gonna give
myself a mustache the way I said not to
but she's not here nobody tell Ali
before what he had the side of the
Internet
hello ladies
that's weird
feel like I just turned in my dad almost
immediately I feel like if I go anywhere
near a school I'm just gonna get like
jumped by like a security guard or
police officer at the Internet what do
you think mustache or no mustache I feel
like I can kind of do it
Who am I kidding creepiest this is
kangaroo and I'll let you know how I
feel about it part of me feels like I'm
betraying them if I'm gonna go and pet
them later I just walked past this
mirror and I'm just like kill it killing
that is gross that was on my freaking
face like basic appeals a little colder
if that makes any sense
Oh be honest who's turned on right now
you know I'm rocking this mustache let
me check my muffins oh those look
delicious - you think Marley you don't
like it I'm not that scary turn back
around
I do not
that's a compliment Freddie Mercury
really oh you look like that you do oh
no you know you know what I don't that
take that I'm gonna get my muffins and
not give you any oh yeah
what do you think of the mustache yeah
so I'm a big dad okay this is
history-making right now this is a
banana this is a Marley Shawn what you
just did
Marley ate a banana you finally did it
hello sexy find me some ladies honey
what do you think Jesse barely even
talked I'm not gonna talk anymore
so tomorrow we are heading to other ooh
which is really really exciting I've
never been to Australia and I almost
under I've been to the outback okay
seriously it hurts to talk I'm gonna go
but I am very excited and I'll keep you
guys up to date with all of our
traveling I've been posting a lot of
photos on my Instagram as well that's
just Instagram home / Holi trippy so I
ran out one of my favorite all-time rock
and roll movies from Netflix today made
my mom watch it it's called almost
famous if you guys have never seen it go
to netflix.com so CTFxC rent the movie
here's a fun little game count how many
famous people are in this movie do you
like it
how many mom thumbs up only one thumbs
up to mom thumbs up and a couple fingers
Kobe's up well Kobe I don't know he'll
be alright but I'm so sleepy man so if
you want to rent this movie go to
Netflix compsat CTFxC they're giving the
CTFxC a free month trial you can rent it
if it's available
I think it's available right now but
that's what I want you to do if you
already see that tell me how many famous
people you can remember that movie I
mean it's everyone from like Nick
Swardson the Modern Family Guy
- like Rainn Wilson I think you guys
already knew about the the trial that
Netflix hooked up the CTFxC but if you
guys didn't I just want to let you guys
know links down there in the description
go check it out I highly recommend it
it's one of my favorite services and if
it's available go watch this movie
especially we could find Tyson you
didn't like the movie it's like I was
tired you are like an old man he goes to
bed at like eight and wake up sort of
like 4:00 in the morning and then you
power walk through the mall that what
you do Tyson alright guys hope you guys
enjoyed today's video subscribe if you
guys are brand new and also if you don't
like that video this stays I don't know
if I can hold on to that
with sexy
vexy
they'll switch
let's go
