hey guys good morning it's super freakin
early this is way earlier than normal
for me
today I have to go to the doctor's I
don't really know how to you know if I
wanted I was talking about if I wanted
to even talk about that some videos
because Frank it's kind of I don't want
to say it's embarrassing but it's
awkward to kind of share but I figured
you know I've shared everything else in
my life why not talk about this plus it
might be kind of helpful if I just kind
of talked about well but before if some
of you guys don't know I've had I guess
one brain tumor but I've had two
surgeries and as a result I had to be on
a pill a camera or what type of
chemotherapy it was but it was a
chemotherapy and just before I started
that they had me freeze some specimen by
swimmers
essentially this that's the that's the
goofiest I could make that analogy right
there so I had to do that just in case
you know something happened as far as
like you know the chemo I don't know
what would happen I guess make things
bad Ali and I have been obviously
talking more and more as we get older
about starting a family and I thought it
was very important for myself to go and
check the I guess is they have to did
the analysis of what they did I guess a
couple years ago so today I'm going to
talk with the doctors and they're gonna
kind of get I want to say results but
they're gonna tell me what's going on
with that sample I know this is probably
little too am i TMI but um I I just I
don't know I just feel like there might
be a lot of other people that watching
these videos kind of going through
something maybe not the same but
something similar and I felt like maybe
if I was talking about it kind of like
when I did the brain surgery maybe if I
talked about it it would kind of I don't
know just make people feel like make
that person at least feel like they
weren't the only ones going through
something
my it's awkward it's like very awkward
and I want to say embarrassing to talk
about because I don't know why it's
embarrassing but it's it's something I
didn't really want to say but I'm saying
it so yeah I want to go do this okay and
my nervousness
Russia could get down here I forgot my
insurance card and my credit card I
don't know what I'm gonna do
hopefully they either take Apple pay or
they can just read off a photo of both
Bali take a photo but that's not a very
good way to start this whole situation
we are now just having to wait for
results I guess I think what they're
still doing is the frozen swimmers and a
team on that still analyzed it from a
couple years ago as a result they didn't
have quite the answer that they were
hoping yet to give me unnecessarily a
bad thing or anything like that we're
still nerve-racking you know it's one of
those things where it's just you're
sitting there that's sterile environment
and you're just waiting you're not
really sure what to expect so I honestly
this is all new to me because I don't
know any of this stuff and it's it's
already kind of an awkward situation let
alone kind of an awkward situation to
talk about in front of tens of thousands
hundreds of thousands of people
eventually you know whatever it is one
person it's still kind of weird not
going to talk about it's something that
the cards have dealt me you know I had
to go through the chemotherapy this was
a precaution you know what I mean cuz
I'd rather have done this then not do it
like for example I'm not saying this is
the issue but let's say I didn't do that
and the chemotherapy screwed up
everything and then you know Ali and I
want to start having kids and because of
the chemotherapy something went wrong I
at least had this as a backup if that
makes sense
it's scary for me to say that out loud I
think I'm fine I this is really TMI I'm
making it specifically for the small
amount of people probably that are
relating to me right now there's a lot
of people that go through this stuff and
it's scary and it's weird is definitely
the word I want to use right now weird
and awkward it's hard to talk about I
felt really guilty going without Ali but
I wanted her to stay back at the house
that way the tile people would be there
you know to take care of everything I
started feeling a little bit guilty that
I was asking her to do that because I
know she wanted to come to this and I
feel bad about that as well I think it
was good I think what I did was a smart
idea I think talking about this is kind
of me talking in circles but still at
the same time I appreciate you letting
me vent and just keeping this off my
chest because I honestly just like I
said I was not gonna play put this in
the video I might not this might
actually not make
in the actual final cut if it is I'm
lying right now
I felt like it was important and it was
kind of like therapeutic for me to do
this because just like when I went
through brain surgery a lot of people
were like why are you cracking jokes why
were you doing this why was filming that
was my therapy
I just turned a camera on started making
jokes started just talking like I'm
talking right now that was awkward and
slightly embarrassing okay so the
parking garage was one hour for free
I checked in at 9:43 I had to race down
to the parking garage and I got out of
the parking garage at 10:40 to literally
just made it if I would have got charged
don't have been nothing I could have
done because I have no money I forgot my
wallet but I feel like that was a little
bit of redemption because now I have a
fun story to say I recognized the area
that I was actually in it's actually
hilariously enough okay we went a couple
a couple of weeks ago maybe a couple
months ago Ali and I went to the
apartment that kind of started this
whole thing
backtracking even further in college
everything started I don't talk about my
space days like when I used to do I
don't know if you guys knew this but I
had a lot of friends on myspace back in
the day and that's where some of you
guys actually came from long story short
I used to in college work at this movie
theater as a projectionist and all I
would do and I'm kidding would be making
YouTube videos before there were YouTube
videos are big videos for our website
hang out on the Internet I don't
remember what road actually I think
might be straight I don't even know if
it's still there so I kind of wanted it
some down here I was like you know what
I'll Drive down here and see if it's
here might be kind of fun
granted this was probably can
12 years ago and it's a different place
now
Cindy Stroh used to be called sunrise
cinemas that's so crazy I know if you
can see right there is the projection
booth like entrance that's where I would
always go Malaya is a little bit
different though nicer look that's for
sure yeah you can kind of see the
entrance right there that's where I
would go up that door and then it would
run all these theaters the bigger was
like eight oh man I wish he can go in
I've always wanted to come back here but
it's coming out of the way so I never
really pulled off and came out here but
drove right by it today
that was cool I wish I could have taken
pictures they let me do it I should try
to contact them it remind me about that
Ali stayed here for no reason of because
I guess they their tire popped on their
trailer so they weren't able to come
super early like we all anticipated so
hopefully they'll still be able to get
everything done
Ali has been making sure everything was
pretty much off the floor so that way
they really have nothing to really mess
with but hopefully if we get everything
off all you got to do is remove the
carpet yeah so scam lightly hello hello
hello
so scam likely called me again I'm not
sure he was trying to be I feel I got
some mix of like like an old guy mixed
with like some type of accent oh okay so
yesterday obviously something big is
happening and we're super excited the
pool that's what if you didn't know
today it's cool about this pool guy is
he made 3d renderings of what it might
look like I want to show you guys Ali
has not seen these I have not seen them
I just saw the email was there so we're
all gonna look at this together now I
don't think these are gonna be perfect
to what we want exactly so you know what
my favorite part about this is the
mountains yes
there's obviously a weird fence there's
the yard over there we'll keep and then
this is all decking that's a cool shaped
pool see the only thing is though I
would want to get rid of looks like a
baby food you kind of you know it looks
like looks like grimace I don't you
think we need that bottom step I have
the bottom step and I don't want that
there wow this is what we would look out
the windows or the doors every day
another landscaping he said that you
were so the landscape artist who could
come up with something that's like
within our budget
right
thing that makes sense that's what we
look like at night so cool
I'd like the shape I like the shape too
what do you think Internet do you think
this is a pretty good idea we got the
grass for the dog still I mean it took
up a big chunk of our yard I know but I
mean we could also take some of this
decking we don't have to have all of it
she's like touching your face I love you
dad you're so darn cute she's like so
content right there in your hands oh I'm
sorry I forgot guys I got to make sure I
give Marley time because she getting
super jealous Harley are you going this
is my camera you're gonna go with your
dad well I get to deal with all of this
you guys go have fun I don't get to have
fun you get to have fun you get to have
fun you and me get to hang out here so
the people still aren't here and rather
than waste the entire day Ali's going to
take one for the team
yeah you're taking one for the team and
I'm gonna take the twerps all to the
beach all right this should be actually
really interesting I've never taken all
three of them to the beach by myself I
just heard back from the company they're
not coming today so we just wasted our
entire day I actually should say poor
Ally wasted our entire day I even has to
ask him for the discount they offered a
discount for like three hundred and
seven dollars off which is I don't have
to be mean which is good because I hate
being means it really sucks I mean I
wish they would have just cancelled at
the beginning of the day that way Ally
didn't have to do that we could have
just done something else oh my god he
just peed on Miley's head Marley you
deserve that thank god you're at the
beach wish of Marley's head underwater
now oh it's nice and warm we got to keep
him on the leash because he's a bit of a
wanderer
oh yeah we got our own Beach there's a
couple of people down there enjoying it
though and there it is
this is leading me to believe I
sincerely need a haircut
Lawrence is awesome I can't figure it
out yet this is one of those random
Charles driving like thoughts or
whatever I just drove by one of those
signs you know the chick-fil-a sign so
that was up the cows are like oh we see
you burger eaters or something like that
or eat more chicken no burgers okay
first off those are weird second how
come
burgers are called burgers when
everything else and hotdogs but
everything else like a chicken sandwich
is a chicken sandwich a turkey sandwich
is a turkey sandwich so like why isn't a
burger just a cow a cow sandwich or a
hot dog a pork dog or pig dog I guess it
would be a cow pig Pratt force dog I
don't even know it's not that why is a
burger called a burger and not a cow
sandwich is that weird or that just
another dumb thought that I just had I
guess something kind of weird would you
eat a cow sandwich maybe that's why it's
like that we're having a little standoff
right now you like cats I'm trying to
get her to calm down she was going crazy
in her little room since everything is
completely out of here
I shouldn't say completely I figured it
would be a good time for her to just run
and just get as much energy as possible
out
I really honestly from the bottom my
heart allowing me the honor of being
able to open up about earlier it's just
kind of like it was such a really weird
awkward thing and I felt like it was
something that I needed to do don't
forget to subscribe with notifications
and we will see you guys tomorrow as
always have a great night I'm just gonna
leave you with this
