morning what time is it 2:00 a.m. so you
just gave me your daytime are you
feeling not neither the good doors
either doggies say hi sorry sorry mama
now it was time to make my favorite
pancakes banana pancakes I'm gonna try
not to get up this time
the other day I'm gonna do it for the
first time following day there was a
bunch of CTFxC rest' tweeting me their
versions and your guys were so much
better than mine so I felt like really I
got really up I think the key is I guess
on the internet told me to use two of
these things just something I didn't
think about so I know I need you I don't
need drugs maybe it has and drugs
well you're prepared though you're smart
that is what you should do when you
travel what I did was drink a lot of
alcohol and didn't drink any water that
is how you stay healthy
I don't know what that is but it looks
awesome ah the nice space I like that
Harbour Bridge and Opera House this is
like a really sad this is McCrory chair
she's to sit and like wait for a news to
come because her husband was kind of the
guy that like changed everything about
singing or making the city that it is
now and she really doesn't want to be
here so she would always sit in that
spot and watch to see the ships coming
in with news from England it's also just
informed that these are Magpies
yesterday I was telling you how I'm kind
of batching it I just want to show you
what Zooey Marley have been doing you
guys have been taking out every toy I
know that sounds really really dumb but
I had no idea that bandicoot's like
we're real and they still existed are
you so what you're looking at right now
is pen blogging it's so funny it's
actually really difficult to be on this
trip with all of these vloggers because
you want you don't want to interrupt
their footage like while they're talking
about something you don't talk over them
and you don't want to say the exact same
thing that baby blog is hard original
it's not really like I'd call that a
successfully healthy breakfast I feel
like it's getting to that point where I
need to get a haircut maybe maybe shave
my beard I think I'm starting to look
like I need one of those like sticks and
like a handkerchief and like put it on
my shoulder and jump from train track
the train track I'll be Railroad Charles
go person so we haven't done this in a
while and it kind of shows look at Zoe
shouldn't even know which way to look
I think we're about to go to a brewing
I'm gonna come on now bitch what the
hell
so this will be the first time ever that
I put my toes in the Pacific Ocean in
Australia it's freezing
oh my god it's so cold it's mines me at
home actually it makes me miss home
actually I really wish the Charles to be
here one day we'll come back for sure I
feel like the dogs are totally Digby
Australia dogs go in the middle they can
go all the way hey buddy
beer time so we're at the brewery now
this is so cool you can see all the
stuff I think we're gonna actually have
a tour in a minute well here's all their
beer and we are apparently going to do a
tape to see who can tell which is which
which is watch I hope this is recording
but I don't know because I can't see it
I'm doing a blind taste test of beers
and I'm gonna lose I'm gonna lose five
dollars exactly
if the culture
a few of the Opera House and the bridge
of the water and I think that's the
Prime Minister's house in the middle of
the city about to have something major
announced I'm thinking I have something
to do with that that could be wrong at
least maybe that's going to do with yeah
here's yet another gorgeous angle of the
Opera House and this time it actually
looks really cool because the sunlight
when you're getting ready to do the
bridge climb in Sydney Hey hi how are
you we're gonna go climb I don't have
anything else to say
that's the surprise and it's cool I'm
really stoked and really scared because
it's gonna be freezing and windy and I'm
actually not sure how we're gonna film
but it's gonna happen to our crazy
awesome fare suits on a fit wow this is
a bridge couture couture oh so just a
bridge climb and it was so awesome we
got so many cool shot and now we're all
going out for a dinner where apparently
I'm going to burn my own steak ready for
our you get a cookie sticks I'm not no
no snakes on the barbie
oh wait is it four minutes that's four
minutes left
so I know it's really loud you probably
barely hear me I have to show you guys
who joined us
I'm sure all of you guys remember if the
human Wikipedia and he was our tour
manager on their last road trip in 2012
all right up I can't even talking anyway
Steve is here and it's such an awesome
surprise so thanks for coming Thank You
Ally if I could turn to someone Charles
I was walking zoeng Marla gana they both
completely Street and I just want to go
pick it up because I feel like a
terrible person leaving it both of them
are now just the street in the street no
shame it's like a freaking epidemic with
these guys now can you both do me a
favor it's up in the street I'd really
appreciate that my friends are getting
attacked by a giant candy cane I just
found out that well it's like petrified
like terrified of like minds and puppets
and there are so many like puppets and
actors on stilts and costumes right now
Oh
we're back in our hotel now I'm barely
able to talk so and tomorrow or today
it's a Sydney gathering which are really
excited for but I really don't want to
have to strain to talk to people it kind
of sucks I don't know why this happens
to me so often this happened at VidCon
it's probably cuz I talk too much that's
nothing new
thanks so much for watching today was so
awesome it was a blast and as a matter
of fact I am waiting on some extra
footage from Korey and those guys they
film some really cool stuff at the
bridge for me alright love you so much
love you Charles love you puppies miss
you guys and I will see you tomorrow I
can't really talk that much I'll go get
some more drugs from Nadine drugs
where's doc doc dev okay what are you
destroying today Marly every day it's
like she's destroying something so
before we go to bed I just wanted to say
goodnight and just kind of relaxing
right now watching some movies on
Netflix from the Xbox every time I do
that I keep forgetting every time I say
the word Xbox it does that and then I
think it actually moves anyway I hope
you guys enjoy today's video and have a
great night and don't forget to
subscribe to guys brand new question of
the day is tomorrow's actually December
1st so the technicality is that no-shave
November ends tomorrow and I wanted to
ask you guys if I should shave my beard
or strike if I should keep it I feel
like I have this like same thing every
single time December 1st I get like
really attached no pun intended and then
by the time December 1st comes around I
don't want to shave it but I realized I
look like a hobo right now so this year
I'm just gonna leave it up to the
Internet
tell me in the comments should I keep
the beard or what should I do the power
is in your hands or your fingertips as
well as click that little like button if
you enjoyed today's video
so we'll see us tomorrow as always
goodnight love you honey Xbox play
magic
you see what you did
with sexy
who else with chops it
let's go
