she had two bags and there was like a
little like thing to make sure that you
can't bring the trolley up on the best
later so she like got stuck and was kind
of frazzled trying to wheeler bags on
one of her bags went on and the other
one got stuck and she was like her whole
body was stretching apart everyone was
laughing so hard and she almost felt
going up the escalator or I'm being your
D support you're in mine so everyone on
this plane gets an iPad we don't get to
see bit but yeah and what is it it's
streaming you know that was I don't know
it's a streaming will be turned on and
we're also disrupting the entire plane
right now which is awesome Melissa and I
are doing the Black Friday shebang we're
doing it at 5 p.m.
cuz uh no way I was gonna wake up my
thing honestly Black Friday is scary to
go out early I did it when I was younger
but now I'm just like you know what I'll
just wait for cyber monday just do it
from the safety of my computer so we're
gonna go check out Best Buy and see if
there's anything I'm pretty cool over
there so Melissa needs to go bed
shopping for Black Friday the most
boring thing that you could do on Black
Friday
she's like doing a Black Friday shopping
I'm not sure where do you wanna go I got
to get a bed no I'm good
the work it's the worst that's like
going to like candle shopping for Black
Friday I have no idea what I want I
think I'm just looking for movies maybe
they have a bed in here for you they do
have beds dad told me that Best Buy yeah
that's what he said
this is Best Buy has beds go check them
out I feel like that's not true dad
never know after yesterday's vlog I
think they saw a whole new meaning a
whole new side of my dad a Taurus song
or what we call the day song so every
single morning that were on the coach we
play the exact same song fine
I was right
we just figured out what our day song
wasn't last year it was is the song
called tonight I find I don't even
remember what Elvis right she just
ripped her freakin singer now in half
you know you're fun fact you can make
fun of my sister she has a brand new
Xbox is it it's not brand new it's two
years black credit cards two years two
years Black Friday and it's still as box
no it's in that's my case now took a
year to get from the box to a console
mr. buck right for me is usually just
movies like that's the probably good
movie right there like seven bucks
can't beat that this is my favorite
movie listener rom-coms
you start feeling ill a steaming bowl of
soup is the perfect thing shouldn't you
feel better
everybody so hot it's like speaking up
and everyone's think it's gonna be okay
so theythey just got back from Thailand
then we went to a Thai food shop and she
really doesn't want it sorry about that
we're back on this subject
every single time someone have a coin
they're gonna be like it's $8 I know
this so here that's the Sydney Harbour
Bridge and right here even more than I
imagined it to be like it's the massive
and so cool-looking stupid or it would
have been most cities are like this
they Boston
it's a rocket ship say yes I meant to
say refrigerator I mean it's like a TV
oh my god I feel really sorry oh I think
that was on account of mr. Shawn thank
you no all right
and you actually made a spectacular your
phone I almost can't hear because it's
so windy right now what are you doing
get out of here exciting Black Friday
shopping
there's the Harbour Bridge and a giganto
cruise ship this is so amazing I am
really actually very excited to see this
at night because I mean I've seen
footage from on Charles is here and it
was all lit up and it was gorgeous
we are the most boring Black Friday
shoppers ever the hoard of grocery store
literally the most boring ones ever it's
always such a bummer when you come into
an electronics store and the sea rack is
literally a CD rack when you think about
how like they actually had devoted
stores for music and CDs and Ally
literally can put them all on just one
rack I mean that's okay it just means
you guys are gonna download it on iTunes
right wink without being a tech over
here Lauren and Dennis's guy got we got
another one of these range extenders
since it took me like two hours of my
house hopefully it's all gonna take me
an hour here and I forgot that these are
wearing my holy pants again that's what
I should a guy do some more impact I
might have some some little patches that
you get like an old punk rock cache a
piece on my crotch no forgiving okay so
what is this well it's a tempura corn
sorry a shrimp burger
it's a tempo run and
yes it is like an aioli and then some
kind of like salmon roe have you so
fancy that's Sydney for you delish
awesome don't get and then we're eating
it
yeah that's real life alright so I just
got home and this is definitely one
thing that is awesome but you know like
it sucks Ali's out here but one thing
that's cool is I'm totally I guess you
could call batching it and that means I
could just put it like I'm in like my
college days and just put everything
wherever I want you just take my pants
off and just leave it just put my pants
here check out my phone that's what I'm
stepping on it it's okay I got one of
those CTFxC iPhone cases wink wink
actually I will show you one other thing
guys are gonna love this and be very
envious toilet seats up been up the
whole time totally batching it
I'm batching it guys I actually got Ali
a super awesome gift today I'm trying to
keep it a secret because I never can
keep secrets like surprises
alright let's do an oyster
flip it up I'll have it that's really
good for me this is exactly same stuff
you're not gonna put any sauce on it is
it loserman in the booth you got to make
sure with a fork is rude okay yeah if
you can make it past the texture the
flavors okay with an oyster and you can
make it past the texture the flavor is
quite good
Paolo's at night man yeah it's kind of
an acquired
and apparently just a couple of minutes
ago
a strip club was rated by like 80 coughs
outside where we were having dinner
there it is
and Jake got go everywhere since you
made me watch Dancing with the Stars
I'm making you watch this tonight world
warm what Z to zombie movie Oh
you're protecting our dude you ever seen
this movie it's pretty good actually
they gotta go to bed before the zombies
get out it's good over hope you guys
enjoy today's video if you guys are
brand new don't forget to click that
little subscribe button also don't
forget the CTFxC Black Friday sales I
think it's like Black Friday Small
Business Saturday Cyber Monday sale we
get all the t-shirts and all the posters
all the iPhone cases flat rate shipping
international so basically cuz ship you
can get like 10 or 15 shirts and 20
iPhone cases and 25 posters all for $3
shipping international you could ship it
all the way to Switzerland
doesn't matter where $3 flat rate
shipping so I've been waiting to stock
up on submerged now is the time I just
got a CTFxC Merce calm it also don't
forget to click the little like button
otherwise I won't have Marley come and
pee in your face tell my that's it for
today I am getting sick and it sucks I
am really losing my voice I'm hoping
when it comes back I'm gonna get some
sleep and have lots of vitamin C dot is
feeling a little bit under the weather
as well so we're both are trying to rest
our voices and our bodies I guess for
the question of the day cuz we haven't
really had one of those in a while I
want to know your favorite zombie movie
in if you don't like zombie movies just
your favorite all-time movie in the
comments I feel honestly I'm not a huge
Dom B movie fan until I think was the 28
days later where they introduced the
adrenaline zombies you can't outrun it
they run faster than like who's that
something bolt Usain Bolt so he you have
to move over this is not a bachelor pad
if you're just hanging out and taking
over my bed alright guys so thank you so
much for watching sorry about this voice
thing don't take a little bit of time to
come back all right love you guys eat
tomorrow good night guys poodels
well you even shot
with a vaccine
who else with me
let's go
