whoa that is the coldest has been in a
very frickin long time Happy
Thanksgiving a little turkey where's the
other turkey it's 39 degrees out it's so
cold you need a jacket today I need a
jacket sort of say Happy Thanksgiving to
everyone unfortunately Ally's in
Australia right now so I kind of sucks
but we're gonna get my family and her
family together anyway and when Ali gets
home we're gonna do with their
Thanksgiving like celebration as well
you want a jacket it's only way to get
her up now lazy girl don't be a turtle
today I'm a turtle people have been
sending me this meme of this dog in a
squirrel suit and I have that suit that
actually I got Marley a long time ago we
actually filmed a video about two years
ago called dog squirrel chasing a
squirrel now put a link in description
or maybe I'll put a link up on the video
the get annotation but we actually made
a video on a song and everything to
catch the squirrel you must become the
squirrel you ready to chase the
squirrels mother come here dog squirrel
chase and dog squirrel chasing the
squirrel
I'll even rocking that for years yes a
lot of film in here is this like a
secret dungeon we are officially
starting entities right now actually and
everybody is opening up goodie bag nice
I didn't bring it that's actually a
great idea I don't think anyone here has
a towel you have you're such a dad
it's Christmas guys don't make fun of it
I woke up this morning and Marla was
literally shivering it's pretty cold out
I know so you can wear it no one's gonna
make fun of you Riley and I are rockin
our ootds for today by the way guys
tomorrow I have to tell you guys this
the other day but tomorrow we are having
a Black Friday sale basically everything
has CTFxC merch calm is flat rate $3
shipping you know like as many shirts as
you want many posters you want flat $3
rate shipping so turkey over there so
weird you don't want to wear anything
couldn't get anything I Zoey she got
squirming out so she's you're wearing a
bandana at least Molly's got some like
adult chaps down the recycling take all
your work away from you Dennis
garbage man's gonna love you he's going
for it
zoria hiding there's Marley's favorite
time of year
how does she meet him manipulate you
like holder like that my dad just came
up with a new challenge an Internet
challenge we're going to let him
show you though so many people I don't
know and they're all screaming bloody
burner and I feel so bad that they're
all waiting out in the rain but that is
so badass thank you guys so much for
coming out to say hi this is our first
time in Melbourne and so far the welcome
has been very friendly and very awesome
pop a trippy challenge
let's tell you to put it in your mouth
just like flat like that well did you
have to scratch it and try to make a
perfect hole without it breaking you
thought I was weird do we actually do it
do not try this at home place it in the
mouth
the center just feel the metal hole you
know plum oh yeah nails has a huge yeah
she's doing something look at he he's
doing a twisties look at how fast he's
going like a drill
to her dog and it is the cutest thing
I've ever seen
got down with the meetup and so many
people turned up and it was fantastic
and now they've told us that since all
of us are missing our Thanksgiving
dinner that we're going to do
Thanksgiving here at our hotel because
they don't really do that here obviously
you know they didn't have the same
history that we did that just sounded
really gone sorry about that don't we
all have the same like thing but yes sir
they decided to do like a traditional
Thanksgiving dinner for us they brought
everything to the hotel so thoughtful
and so cool today has been awesome can
you tell who's eager to have dinner back
at home you guys already have your
Thanksgiving dinner what do you think
fulfill this this raccoon I'm really
thankful for this rec room what do you
think fulfil my strawberries Marley your
luck here's the strawberry I think
giving crew waterhole dealer that is it
for our official day one of our Contiki
voyage around Australia I didn't want to
tell you everything so I didn't know
about everything but I just found out
the $3.00 is international and domestic
doesn't matter if you order one or 15
shirts
it'll still be $3 flat rate shipping if
you've been wanting to stock up on the
ribbon shirts or any of these shirts or
the iPhone cases so in short you can
basically order all this stuff and it
only cost three dollars to ship at all
international or domestic
it's the CTFxC and dftba is way of
saying thank you for being so awesome in
the past year you get a hurry though
because this first-come first-serve
if something sells out it sells out we
won't be able to get restocked in time
for the sale obviously so CTFxC merch
calm you can get them all at one time it
would only cost you three dollars to
ship it to you international or domestic
okay now of the heavier stuff I wanted
to take a minute to talk to you guys
because in America is Thanksgiving if
you don't celebrate Thanksgiving it's
technically the holiday where you just
basically surround yourself with family
and loved ones and you give
Thanks or you arm mention or acknowledge
things you really think before and this
year I have a tremendous amount of
things to be thankful for and I just
wanted to talk to you guys and then
after that I want you guys in the
comments to tell me what you're thankful
for so be nice to those sharing
experience just want to make sure you
guys know thankful bye cell finale are
for you guys you know with all the
crappy stuff that's been going on in our
life from the diagnosis to the surgeries
to seizures everything you guys have
always been there for us and given us so
much love and so much support
I mean without seeing kind of cheesy I
don't want to do some ID leaking right
now but honestly you guys are such an
amazing supportive group of people and I
want I don't want anyone to ever tell
you guys otherwise like honestly I'm
just trying to think if I didn't have
the support system of my family my
friends or wife Zoey Marly and
definitely you guys where I be mentally
and think about the whole situation I
have no idea I think what I've gone
insane right now yeah I think so so I
just want to honestly thanks from the
bottom of my heart you guys are such
amazing people and thank you so much I
don't know how but I just hope that
watching these videos and being a part
of this community has some sort of this
is what I'm looking for
console' meant that word the anyone else
hear that that was a dog fart I'm
sitting here trying to be serious and
meaningful and then all of a sudden here
focus Charles so you guys know what I'm
thankful for so I want you guys in the
comments to tell me what you're thankful
for that way we can all share down there
in the comments you shut up girls that
is it for our official day one of our
contiki voyage around Australia it was
so much fun to get to say hi to all the
viewers in Melbourne here today it was
so great I'm so sorry again I said it a
million times but truthfully the weather
was awful and it sucked that you guys
had to wait in that but we really
appreciate the fact that you did and we
were so blessed to be able to meet all
of you guys and we are so excited that
we're going to be heading to Sydney
tomorrow it is so wonderful it's just
something that like I've dreamt about
since I was a little girl getting to
visit the city I cannot believe it's
real I can't believe I'm going there
like I've seen photos of the Opera House
it just didn't seem real to me because I
knew it was
around the world and I just never
thought I would get around to seeing it
in person and I'm going to be seeing it
soon and it's just blowing my mind that
that's about to happen and I'm really
really excited and Charles has seen it
before he's actually been to a concert
there which I was really jealous about
but it's so wonderful and I cannot wait
to meet all of you guys in Sydney and I
think we're doing one more meet-up in
brisbane if i'm not mistaken so far our
australia trip has been more than
awesome everyone has been super
welcoming and super friendly and I look
forward to meeting more of you guys and
seeing more of your awesome country
thank you so much for watching today's
video please be sure to subscribe if you
haven't already and like this video and
do all that good stuff you guys know
what's up and we will see you tomorrow
as always doodles and also I love the
puppies and I love your char hope
everything's good
we're sexy
two ants with me
let's go
