so Tyson brought in my newspaper thank
you buddy okay have it like no I'm gonna
destroy it
Tyson bring here I'm gonna die I'm gonna
not read this thank you appreciate it
I thought I would get it it's just a
one-time deal
Preston give me your newspaper I threw
it yeah Kobe go get it
and when Kobe's almost inside just
snatch it from Bocas mouth and pretend
that key to double all the way see girls
this is what you need to be doing we've
been on this flame
many amateurs hey feeling
good night
for twins now I'll a breakfast at
tiffany's
- so aunt
oh and at like 39
I got to show you guys the pools filled
they did a really good job did a great
job maybe the big thing step the Zoe
we're calling it the Zoe step that's
what this way down there
those float now we need to do before and
after unfortunately I didn't take a
photo before does anyone have any before
photos or video footage look at that
good looks like it's nice to carry with
you but you know it the flight or the
security guard told us that we like
twins
yes bug each other and not even act like
just act like you're being
Bridget touchdown
I can't believe
- the funny thing is that I really
excited that than we just now remember
that we have to get on another plane to
Melbourne so this will be the fifth
this is the fifth playing that we
boarded in the last 30 hours when I
travel especially internationally like
the one thing that stresses me out is
not whether or not I'm going to be able
to speak the language not whether or not
I have money the only thing that
stresses me out is whether or not my
luggage will make it and all of our bags
made it we got Australian money though
very real I am poor and I'm borrowing
cheap chocolates glasses right now
actually because I lost my water there's
much left in the help logging on the
tarmac going to Melbourne
and I almost fell down the stairs just a
second ago
hmm I wonder what would happen if I can
control this without the lid Society is
out here I'm going to try it
sorry honey things that seem like a bad
idea probably are but it's worth a shot
I'm purple it's purple everywhere now
blood like a murder scene hello
Australia I mean you all right turns out
Ali is going to need to use her
convertor to use your blow dryer but we
have some vague memories of going to
Spain in high school and having the blow
dryer blow up when that is a possibility
we get the camera there we go so this is
our first voyage out in Melbourne we've
collected a few more people hello hello
what are you doing lagging behind pasta
let's go yeah so we are sorry are we
doing it everywhere we go Jesse's like
screaming at random people and I just
find like I don't know how to talk oh
man jumps oh that's for you baby
Nando's Charles loves Nana's for us to
be doing this
oh so stupid sometimes just can't
control it man well I definitely ruin
this shirt and this is why I should
never listen to Charles I think I'm
starting to like beets
are you bubbles back yeah get your boob
bubbles for those of you who don't know
this is well and he is like he regards
me later hey are you team leader yeah
yeah team leader blue
he was with us on our first continue
trip I'm sure you guys have all seen
those videos and like them and thumbs up
and all of those great things that was
really annoying sorry
so anyway will is here and just out for
our very first meal just a few of us not
the whole group yet but I have this
adorable little mini like picnic table
of spring rolls here and some really
good beer what's it called again
James Berg James I'm gonna forget that
but now I have it on video so it's
really good I'm very excited something
badass I have a Wi-Fi hotspot check it
out so I have a Wi-Fi dongle Dumbo in my
purse so I have wireless everywhere that
people flock to be free watch my order
really cool so actually right now in the
average Santa's girl I can never shoes
for two feeling all around and this is
just one room
actually pretty sure fresh okay okay
did your bubble come back no I put the
doggie gate up no one else bubbles I
have my pants this is what happens when
you have fashionably holey jeans that
was entirely too difficult come on girls
play some video games some coming
realization the dead rising is just so
big the maps are so big it's so hard to
play it's actually a hard game I can't
figure it out she's not left my side
today we really start to get pissed off
at this game I can't seem to take that
stupid welding mask off keep it in the
button that felt staying on his face I
honestly don't think I like this game
it's like too hard to enjoy you know I
mean it's like you get so far cuz the
levels are so far apart and then you die
you get to start all over again there's
like no save dirt more checkpoints how
is that even a real thing krispy kreme
another thing that I've noticed so far
about Australia maybe it's just
particularly Melbourne I'm not sure but
every single 7-eleven is directly next
to a subway they're always together it's
always a 7-eleven in the subway and I
don't know why
no idea where we are what we're doing
but I absolutely love it and the bells
are beautiful are you doing in the
future the future is awesome and I just
realized Thanksgiving have a happy
Thanksgiving
I'm just walking the little twerps it's
a brainwashing me word yesterday by
Khmer and we're doing it I'm making war
and take me to the belly of the beast
the grocery store of the day before
Thanksgiving I apologize but my goal
tonight is to make single serving
pumpkin buckwheat microwavable cake but
they're all these websites that like
teach you how to like make awesome
little desserts and food with the
microwave in a coffee cup great for tour
since there's a tour coming up I'm so
frickin good cook faster you too mmm 5
minute pumpkin pie how do you always
know it smells like Ally's candles ma'am
now you don't get to play the halo I'm
just being a little cooking machines
homemade hummus made some chicken breath
the baked chicken I made my little
pumpkin pie this is why the new album
has to go platinum guys I want a
freaking kitchen on the door buzz
actually pretty impressed consider I
made that in the freaking microwave
Thank You internet for the idea you
never ignore them early what am i
annoying you am i annoying you hi
hey bro you can complain get give it
rain oh my god yet nothing I'm gonna be
on your stuff I don't you Connie not yet
again sit on my right here are you
hanging out tonight those another
sleepover
yeah the other buddy here she's yelling
at me for five minutes but you wanted a
pumpkin muffin alright guys well I wanna
go to bed just talk to Ally
she's getting ready cuz tomorrow's the
meet up again so sorry that I couldn't
be there but on Friday I start second
round chemotherapy but I basically
forced out I can't forced forced her to
go to Australia I made her go because I
wanted to see the footage heightened by
Nexus
I guess the Lego saying like a year and
a half ago we tried to lay down for like
a couple of minutes just to take a nap
um and it turns out it's like about nine
o'clock right now in the evening we're
just both too tired dot held up as she's
not coming out of the bed so I'm pretty
sure this is it for us we are gonna just
conk out right now so it was a really
nice day it was very relaxed and kind of
laid back we just got to kind of swing
around Melbourne for a bit and you know
just see a couple things in the area
that we're staying in and I think that
tomorrow is actually going to be the
meetup which is going to be so fun I
think I was a frog in my throat all
right guys I'm gonna go to sleep now and
get some rest for the big day tomorrow
bye guys thanks so much for watching
love you good night love you honey bye
good brand new don't forget to click on
the subscribe button we're just where is
it just subscribe on it'll be everyone
talking jibber jabbering and don't
forget to click the like button and I'll
see you guys tomorrow okay
on you too
come
me receipt can taxi
with me
we're sexy
who else with me
let's go
