good morning guys sorry hold on boys
first much better so remember our last
week I went to physical therapy and
occupational therapy so today I got to
go back to occupational therapy and
convince her that I'm totally fine
so yeah I'm using my left hand a lot
more so wish me luck and I got to figure
out what sure don't want to where it's
like I'm going shopping
eeny meeny miny moe let's just go with
this one shopping in my own store gotta
love it
there we go internet OOTD surprises I
know that I live with Allie so of course
I know that
to answer the few who have been
wondering why I don't even use my own
iPhone case the short answer is I
completely lost it I don't know how you
lose a case that's on your phone but I
did so dftba sent me a brand new one
tada
that were good that were protected see
we're protected now holy Sh I just got
some really awesome news I'm gonna call
somebody and let them say for you guys
hopefully they pick up hey but I'm
filming right now do you want to say
what you just said to me in a text
message so the album's out December 16th
for Christmas guys you heard it from
this guy Bobby so that was confirmed
I'm looking at that I just kind of
mocked up and it might be the most
colorful thing I've ever seen I think I
love it
December 16th the new We The Kings album
that I will be on and the one that we've
been working on all year will be out
just in time for Christmas
ok functioning kitchen so you guys use
this we do the FT ends good this is a
way for you to get me to do your dishes
no up in uh the rehab place they had me
doing the same thing and it was just
like kind of going like that and just
bringing it in and then doing it that
way yeah
this is totally totally yeah I think I
have footage at the old one so I watched
it the other day so you can see the
difference that's why the film it's
amazing yeah 23:25 save two seconds two
seconds quicker wait some proof that and
you know each second makes a difference
with this thing yeah dude you went way
up 115 3 on the first try sweetheart oh
yeah you were after the third one you
were 97 oh wow so now you're 115 3 whew
I can't pinch like an alligator bitch
like this you're gonna look at this
picture and just find the one that
matches you can either say Dee
flawed system it's be you picked the
right one
all right figure it can be smaller
bigger darker or you turned on its side
okay so do we know what film that really
quick yeah yeah right
Internet so which one's been turned and
flew it they can't face the same
direction there's one in there good luck
it supplies the screen so you can see
what I'm dealing with right now that's
okay I want you to see the lovely lady
that's been helping Charles bleep badass
nope I get that one night I'm not
getting any of these actually I wonder
would be yeah that's right wow so I am
now discharged from ot and PT so that
means I am back to normal as far as the
best news is I'm discharged from therapy
which is awesome so honey if you're
watching this what you're probably not
because you're probably enjoying
Australia right petting a koala here's a
fun little fact guys I don't actually
fact check me on this but the reason why
koalas like you collect this so much is
because it makes them high otherwise
koala bears are like really vicious
little animals koalas are just bunch of
stoners this is just a public in that
service announcement when you guys go
shopping do not do this just put them
away go I want you guys super tired so I
can play Dead Rising go I want you guys
super tired so I can play Dead Rising my
games my plan get them super tired so
that way all I do is sleep while I play
video games I give up you win tag
yeah go go feel like Marley could be the
greyhound if she wanted to
she's to a TD though you're way better
than Adele as though it's cool Internet
would you swim in this pool this is what
it looks like there are little tiny
pebbles it looks so much better than
what it used to look like she's got it
she's got it down hey check out the pool
decided to take them on a walk a little
bit early since as you saw the dogs are
pretty frickin crazy right now cuz I
feel like they know what's gonna rain so
I'm taking them for a nice little walk
this is a stroll if you will and if you
listen super carefully but I don't think
you can because all along people and my
stupid voice I'm listening to the new
demos are the new rough mixes of the new
album in my back pocket so that's a
little tease for you guys
like I said you guys don't have to wait
very long December 16th just breaking
under calendars the new album comes out
maybe if I remember when I get home when
it's quieter I'll give you a nice little
tease of a new song screw it here you
guys go
that's all you guys get just in a month
guys you guys can wait it's like three
weeks you guys can wait for the rest
it'd be worth it trust me it's worth the
wait
remember the whole deal we have to make
sure it goes platinum so the new tour
bus has a kitchen so I can cook all the
time and we can bring Zoey Marley
that'll be the new CTFxC mission to make
sure has a kitchen so we can bring Zoey
modeling and so I can cook all the time
I think we could do it you excited - you
excited - so I complained about our
internet being slow and not getting good
reception so I had to buy that guy the
other day so they sent me a brand new
router which they should now let us see
about switching it out new fast internet
little things in life there we go much
better much much better now I can get a
vlog up in like a minute and a half
Charles is a happy camper little Kobe
sleepover though
Kobe came to sleepover tonight I was
like no you watching Zoe
sup buddy hey what are you doing I'm
Kobe dude you could flare nose my mom is
watching me play some dead rising now
Kobe's protecting all of us do you do in
Kobe I'm just gonna sit right here no
one sitting here right said buddy you're
crazy
marlis just like do not get on my daddy
do not get on my daddy you do not get
them I'm killing zombies Kobe girl my
buddy oh you're such a weirdo so what do
you think'll others on the game this
game is actually pretty challenging I
know the cameras on cameras on my lake
boy cameras on and it's not on me
guys I got closer guys camera I have no
idea how my mom's gonna me to watch
Dancing with the Stars but we're just
watching Bill Nye the Science Guy on it
and when you look at him did you know he
could do like triple vac Springs or
backflips I blame you though for making
me watch this just had to show you guys
this so on so mr. cope store decided to
come and snuggle with me and
just snoring the whole time I thought so
ii snored Xbox resume Xbox resume you've
been having a little bit of problems you
want to try
xbox play your play do it like you're
yelling at it xbox play xbox play kind
of works already goes well this one
makes it short and sweet thank you so
much for watching today's video for
brand-new please don't forget to click
that little subscribe button so you can
hang out every single day and if you
want to be a complete badass click that
little like button asking one in the
comments you look like a badass when you
click like also I just talked to Ali she
apologized for the lack of footage she
was basically time-traveling all day and
we're gonna have her back tomorrow
hopefully have a great night and we'll
see you guys tomorrow as always doodles
with sexy
who else with me
let's go
