morning guys always leaving me by now to
borrow I just decided just now I don't
want - account barley wants to go well
Australia Zoe oh let's put your foot
down like no tell you I'm gonna koala
I'll play with the koalas look it's
always seeing you stickin to feed me
early so yeah this would be a great time
get out here so Jeff you me right have
fun
Oh have fun see how a Australia so Ally
just left so it's just daddy and the
girls it's no sauce girls all right I'm
not as cool as I ain't no I'm sorry
for once this is not me getting on an
airplane super early I'm going back the
freaking bed
yeah I have had 45 minutes of sleep in
the last 48 hours let's go I can't even
believe this is really happening I wish
that Charles were here with us he's
going to stay home and he's gonna be
taken care of
he's gonna do his chemo he's gonna kick
some ass and he's gonna hang out with
the puppies which is good because I
always worry about them when I travel so
now they're all gonna be together hey
buddy you're so slow today so much
slower than normal yeah there he goes
showing off
well they finished the pool today what
do we got lettuce wraps sweet
hey Dad I bet they give you a squirrel
Thank You Zoe
now I want to talk I want to tug on it
we're late oh my god we are rushing the
transaction we have like this lady is a
monster although is there any three
people I never have to look back because
I know Dodd is just like right behind
yourself a duck in your head just going
where it's shoving and throwing people
under this is the 14th flight full
revenue flight so a commercial flight
that this plane has ever made
brand-new plane and we're next to each
other
we have power outlets we have a good
there's a USB here and there are power
outlets underneath every single seat
every airplane should be so if you guys
see something amazing should go to my
Instagram Instagram calm flash Ali
trippy or just go to the app and go to
Ali trippy we were taking a photo when
we first landed in LA we were taking a
photo of us as we landed and this woman
behind us was photobombing us every time
we were taking pictures and she like
felt really bad so she apologized but
then I told her to just keep doing it
cuz it's really funny since Ali's on an
airplane in Australia I got my personal
assistant I need a show first we do my
personal assistant Lauren I've decided
to go in my my crazy psycho hair right
now I'm gonna try to stop and start
rocking without the Hat because I don't
want to go bald I feel like it's grown
in enough to where they it's just
interesting what's going on my right
side of my head it's not as creepy you
know what I mean what's the Dupre role
as the good kabuki the Kabuki thing
where you could just they color it in
yeah I'm sure you get one of those I
don't actually know if my hair is
actually gonna grow in and that scar I
don't think it'll ever grow back but the
rest of it old girl and a girl over it
it just got a badass car when I the
person cuts my hair they're like what's
that I know the other one people will
cool cut my hair wars
I'd like curious what it was now I have
to come up with a better story because
having like a horseshoe Lauren suggests
getting kicked in the head by a horse I
like that one better that one's funny
what happened when I was eight I got
kicked in the head by a horse I don't
know why the horse was really pissed off
it does look okay it's like upside down
too so it makes sense coffee
you guys will learn something today so I
usually get a tall decaf iced coffee now
that I kind of stopped drinking
caffeinated coffee because we don't know
if it's bad for me yet here's a little
fun fact you can't get ice
decaf coffee and Starbucks they have to
give you what's called it americano if
you guys didn't know what americano is
when world war ii when the GIS were over
overseas the coffee's if i remember
being on tour - the coffee's really is
like dirt it's like really strong Haggar
coffee is so much more watered down so
overseas what they do is they have
half or caffeinated espresso and they
just pour a bunch of water in it that's
what's called americano so now you know
World War two gi's invented it
doo-doo-doo or I don't know if it's sad
or funny but I literally just got these
today so now I got all my own t-shirts
this one is I think is my favorite one
that one or the gray one I'm ready for
everyone's if you guys don't have any of
these t-shirts they're still available
at CTFxC merch calm if you guys wanna
shameless plug you'd be really surprised
how many emails or app applies on
Twitter I got get asking where to get
the new t-shirts you'd be actually
really surprised I also heard a knock at
the door could it be could that be the
Xbox which game you want to play I don't
think that halo is out yet we were
supposed to have Ally do a drunk comm
boxing for drunk gaming from K means
coming back very soon honey I'm sorry I
had to do it I feel like you got you
would have done the same thing just now
could I open it since your Australia I
get to play with it now right
your head is smaller in my hands they're
so precious oh my god the CTA's
information okay what so Shay and
Colette were nice enough to let us kind
of swing by their house during our
layover just to sort of hang out and put
our stuff down and I'm not to share
something funny with you I just totally
pooped in their house and they're not
here you know what I think that's gonna
be today's secret phrase I pooped in
Shay's house and he wasn't home
blammo one of these two - you are
massive oh my god Zeke turd giganto this
dog is a table you're so huge this is my
hip and this is the dog like he's this
tall okay he's saying in here it's like
I don't like boxes you said you wanted
to play the halo remember
all right strands baby on this is on
it's a freaking Xbox on it's not turn on
like a dull one how do you turn this
thing on Xbox on Xbox turn on and work
I'm missing something here
is it plugged in wait is it plugged in
no stop plugged in whoo
alrighty it's green like the first Xbox
so let's just start a huge debate in the
comments are you guys a ps4 fan or an
Xbox one fan what do you got again this
is the squirrel you were dreaming about
last night
you got it I can't believe I just spent
this time what do you guys think that
that kind of look like me a little bit I
always have the competition with Charles
when we go to the airport because he
always get to the pre-check like he
travels so much that you just gets to
walk right through security well I guess
what mother suckas today a lovely TSA
gentlemen handed me a red card and it
said congratulations you and your
here selected badly her we were selected
for each X so we got to leave all hopper
and just go right through it was so cool
and they were so badass so nice I've
shown me a video to pull the enticing
going crazy look at Marley's face
what are you here Mar oh you have to rub
that off every single time
oh this is why I hang out with you guys
you're so weird I think I'm gonna break
that awesome little recipe that lower me
this is the spaghetti squash if you guys
never want to try to do this just get
spaghetti squash take out all the gross
inside crap throw that in the garbage
because you don't want that nobody wants
that then you're gonna just basically
kind of brush some olive oil it's some
salt if you want or some seasoning if
you want some pepper then put them face
down I do this this is Lawrence
suggestion so it's easy to clean up face
down for about 40 minutes takes a long
time but it's really good you want try
it you need your carrot dude this is how
it gets already eat this is about it for
me filming today I'm going to be getting
on a plane really soon and I'm not going
to be able to upload until I land I
think I still have like 18 more hours of
travel time which is insane so I'm gonna
go ahead and end my portion of the vlog
now and I will pick back up filming more
for tomorrow but this is gonna be the
last thing I can send so I just wanted
to say goodnight and I love you guys I
miss you try that the girls doing really
well okay so I totally lied I just I'm
gonna film one more clip because I just
I'm missing this is the most Awkward
exchange of in the middle of an airport
terminal high-five for real there we go
we're just
or Australia this is your first time
right yeah oh it's gonna be so awesome
okay so for real now this is the last
clip I have to upload I completely
missed the whole AMA is yesterday but I
just somebody pointed this out that
Miley Cyrus is totally inspired by space
cat if you don't know what space cat is
I think about two years ago my friend
Ben Chris and I we made a video called
space cat on the Charles Trippy channel
I'll put a link on the video right here
you can check that out or in the video
description you never seen a space cat
it's just like this performance it's so
funny I'm like watching this and just
blown away right now Miley Cyrus is a
fan of space cat oh it's time for a nice
delicious dinner did the spaghetti watch
wait hold on I think I got working Xbox
some you it kind of works
thank you Xbox so I did spaghetti squash
aka now I have homemade spaghetti and
I'm doing to do beet broccoli spinach
carrot apple juice yeah I feel like I'm
cross-eyed like my other eye wants to
look at it guys ready to kill some
zombies well I think I found a new game
to get a dick to do that's a lot of
zombies so I'm getting really frustrated
I was always getting a little concerned
so she's getting closer a little by
little so you been concerned okay I
don't care who you are that's not
adorable then you just don't have a
heart
collective all in the comments right now
before we go to bed I just wanted to
have a little couple people say
goodnight to you guys who are you with
chip chocolate I'm saving the world
buddy sounds good where's your horse you
have some fun with the Kangaroos hello
Gina I'm good have fun in Australia hi
doctor I love you too
with CTFxC
let's go
