good morning everyone making my favorite
thing ever now pancake waffles all right
I do pancakes pancakes waffles pancakes
apples I just combined two awesome
things but technically can you have to
kick waffles
I guess that's possible we should try
that do we have a waffle maker yeah we
should try that one day gone eat the
apple good for you
come on don't just spit it out go on an
apple far as like I'll eat the apple now
holy crap Oh daddy I push you away funny
chiz gravity I don't know why oh there
she goes now that I got this little
doohickey I actually have internet in my
office that only took what two years to
actually use my office in my desk so now
I'm the kitchen table anymore too lazy
sometimes to get up get up and talk to
Ali so I just we just FaceTime sometimes
she declined my call
but it dick I can hear it quit declining
my call you switched Ali quick decline
hey jerk
stop decline my in calls I think I have
Marlee outside my door hold on I heard
of Marlee outside my door she hung up
again go to a CTFxC channel okay look at
the top run top right right there 1.2
million
the CTFxC is grown to 1.2 million
high-five y'all y'all so a high five or
just sit there good job about a high
five good job lazy dog aside that is
un-freakin'-believable
it's actually kind of an emotional
feeling just to think about how many of
you guys are out there and how much you
guys care about our lives like that
didn't share our lives with you guys
your lives are with us especially people
think the Internet is just about a joke
of cat videos people getting punched in
the balls which it is and I love it
but there's like so much more to it I'm
gonna go with my little spot oh that
kind of hurt that's actually higher that
I thought whenever I need my mom to do
something if she's on the other side of
the house there's go like this Wow oh
here is that step is so huge let's check
it out this is gonna be soon full of
water it's gonna look awesome
the weather really nice if it wasn't
here I would totally get my penny board
it's almost skateable you leaving me
guys want to see my little biker babe my
little biker babe I can't embarrass cuz
it's not really that cold it's Florida
I'm just a hoodie and Ally's in this
freakin leather jacket whatever I like
it it's not hot
I guess it's hot not so high that
shoulder pads
what's the shoulder pads for when I'm on
my bike we're gonna go rip the monkey
brains out Bubba culture this is their
delicately kozo me gosh is it
my oh wow you're a brat Hey
we are picking da table up and we are
gonna go and shop for bathing suits for
Australia with a cut on my finger God
how many times are you done that when
you rub my hand sanitizer on your hands
you have a cut and you forget that it's
there mother-of-pearl God hey I'm
excited yeah we're going chef we are
going jumping what else you excited for
nothing really big going on haha
shoppings like up there Wow aliens ever
shopping for new bikinis I decided to
stay back even though that sounds so
stupid well as I say that out loud but I
just know for every bikini store there's
gonna be there's gonna probably like
five makeup stores in like six boring
stores that I'd have to sit through men
who have gone shopping with their wife
or girlfriend know exactly what I'm
talking about so you get one bikini
store then you get a soap store somehow
yes a soap store apparently that exists
somebody down the line was like you know
what we need to do is dedicate an entire
building in store for just soaps so then
you order the soap store then you go to
another makeup store then you probably
go to another fragrance store because
those are totally different than the
soap stores then you go to another store
you think is the bikini store but it's
not and then maybe go to another bikini
awesome store but then you go to another
crappy store and buy then your phone is
completely drained and dead you have
nothing to do so you wander off and
trying to find a nearest electronic
computer store right right then you get
separated then you spend another 30 40
minutes trying to find each other cuz
remember your phone is dead this is
ringing a bell for anyone else
somebody's watching me going like Oh
Margaret look this is in fact this is us
Margaret look listen right
this is last week right even though like
I said saying that out loud it does
sound stupid but then if you think about
my first rodeo guys thought my first
shopping rodeo especially when I was
shopping with another girl it's
literally twice as bad we ran into if
you can't fix
her name is Carly yeah we actually met
you three years ago at the first
playlist right awesome
nice to see you again you just protected
all the time
protecting the Wi-Fi you gotta keep
moving let's go break it up the party
hey do what I think you're doing are you
torpedo pooping thank God I was to the
right that would have been pretty gross
and I'm wearing sandals especially
remind me Zoey I have to go back and get
that with the golf cart little dick the
weirdest thing ever all that look
there's a cop cop saw you do it or in
trouble are you doing it again
holy literally all right we gotta come
to get that crooks you got to to pick up
now is there anyone else in the internet
world that has a dog that just it says
they walk like that I've honestly never
seen that in my entire life it's just
like zero given it's like you know I
could stop or I'm just gonna and walk
anyone who's watching our videos for the
first time I'm sorry there's a lot of
poop in this video the whole point of
these videos is to document you know our
life and this is something that I know I
want to look back and be like I gotta
show you guys something this is
hilarious
ed to those who have seen this for a
while you know what you guys were
getting into all right let's cut the
alley and doctype being hot in bikinis
because that's what you guys came here
for right okay here is probably the
weirdest looking easy like the weirdest
looking thinking I can ever go so it's
like a trick you like a one shorter deal
and it's like a prom baby see I do like
a like a Miss America pay like it world
see what was she did I says Ali leaves
tomorrow and then we get best she gets
back and then we have to go to Boston
again for check up on my brain so we're
going to get a Christmas tree now you
can tell she's pretty excited every time
I come here I get the flashback to where
Ali almost killed me with the Christmas
tree I like this one you're not in
charge of moving trees
you're the one who dropped it on me last
time so it's huge
it's a tree I think that one's really
good really are we done already look I
used to don't with my parents all the
time to get Christmas trees and I
remember my dad being such a like
stickler about a particular tree all of
these alley I found one legit when I was
in college we got one of these with my
roommates and what we use for ornaments
we were just broke college students as
we would get the wrappers off of last
beer bottles and we would just like put
them up I don't think we had lights we
literally just used the wrappers from
beer bottles and just put those as
ornament all the college years how I
don't myth it miss it I don't miss it
miss it okay what that happens oh I
forgot to tell you guys I talked to John
Green Hank green you know the
vlogbrothers they also run dftba they
said they're gonna be donating a portion
from the sales of the charity t-shirts
as well so not only our profits coming
from the sale from us but they're going
from the sale from them as well so if
you guys have not gotten a charity
t-shirt of course the more t-shirts we
sell the more we get to give to charity
and right now CTFxC is killing it right
now so I just want to say thank you guys
I talked to a couple of people from the
charity they're more than ecstatic and
blown away that you guys because they
don't know what we do they just thought
we were just a bunch of people that put
stuff on the Internet they didn't know
the community that is behind it with you
guys you know what I mean okay please be
careful helpful yeah take down their
entire electrical thing if you smash
that I want this tree I was afraid of
losing all our scores so we're not
unplugging it just unplug it out
you're afraid unplug it make it easy for
everyone else to beat you your score is
a race this is Charles's idea of helping
oh that's how far we got and that's what
he's doing
dang other way where's this thing that's
supposed to be outside inside I don't
get it
the stream it's a tall tree
so what is that time I peed on one of
those just recently dry sleep I can side
kind of see ray through your eyes okay
glass go to youtube doesn't like my
voice sup it turns it on does it say the
time now say okay glass okay glass this
is not so Ali is finishing packing no
starting starting packing you gonna miss
me
no no being miss Lilly yeah gonna miss
Morley yeah miss me no your your dick
your dick no your vagina
that's like doesn't work name so
unfortunately Ali and Dante leave
tomorrow morning for Australia the good
news is that they're gonna have some
awesome footage the bad news is
unfortunately I can't go because we were
afraid of me traveling so I think
they're going in the outback and there's
no hospitals in there just in case not
the steak house getting pants on quick
change just to be on the safe side we
had a long talk about maybe not going
this this trip just because of the
outback situation because ever wonder
how girls get ready they paint their
nails before going out in the outlook
it's very important that was to keep the
Sharks away did you see yeah exactly
I mean I'm honestly really bummed but
I'm pushing Ally to make sure she goes
because I want to make sure she's never
been Australia and I really want her to
go cuz this is an awesome opportunity I
want to have some good footage for her
to show you guys plus I mean if I think
it's only fair because I went the last
tour when we were out there was last
year when we were touring with Simple
Plan has it been that long
make sure to subscribe to guys have not
especially since Ali's going Australia
the footage is gonna be pretty freakin
cool you guys definitely not want to
miss that also before you forget because
I almost forgot click that little like
button so if you like the video please
do that it lets us know that you guys
like the video takes a second I'm going
to shut the hell up
I talked way too long doodles
see what you did
my team
but CTFxC
with me
where
who else with me
I get some in love
let's go
