morning guys as you can see yesterday's
mail vlog probably got her favorite toy
she's been doing it all morning long
torn edits I'm losing my mind yes I'm
talking about you
don't mind me continue continue so you
take my ball at least she's happy so
today is the day of beauty I'm going to
be getting wax I'll let you you know
just guess what I'm getting waxed yes I
hate this it's been a while since I have
the dentist's and we're going to
Australia and we're gonna be in a
bathing suit a lot so I'm like you know
let's just whack some parts of our body
for fun general you know just good timer
II this is just not something that I
look forward to on a daily basis the
other day we got the MRI checkup and it
looked like everything was good possible
shrinking
I definitely think has a lot to do with
the positivity and definitely the diet
so I got to keep up with the diet
spinach strawberry banana carrot
freaking spinach again doubled it up the
spinach zucchini apple apple juice
broccoli I just had to try broccoli this
time so if you were curious why
yesterday's vlog was a little little bit
late I'm gonna show you why I got tested
for a TD however my wife never got
tested for a TD so she started editing
and then all of a sudden she said yeah
she started playing the Google Doctor
Who game so that's why the vlog was a
little bit late come focus go go go is
it bad I've never seen
dr. who the Bertolli has a fish poor
fishy so I'm a little bit bummed today
cuz Amazon totally screwed up my order
I ordered the Xbox one it should have
been here actually yesterday and then
they promised they kept promising that
would be here today and now it's like a
beautiful Monday stupid thing to
complain about but still it's just
frustrating because I really want to
play Dead Rising 3 so I decided it might
be kind of fun to kind of create a gang
on grand theft auto anyone on grand
theft auto 5 playing online well you
guys think should we make I could CTFxC
gang on there I got to figure out how to
do this though there's something going
on right now with Zoe where I don't know
if she thinks that there's water in the
pool or she thinks she's gonna get a
bath but she keeps freaking out and
running away we're trying to get her to
like cuz what we want is for her to get
used to the second step being here so
that when the pool was filled she'll
know that it's different and that she
can get out over there she's running
away from me come here Zoe go see
grandma and grandma no there we go more
exploration this is crazy girl can't
believe it huh
crazy she's trying to go over that nasty
water there we go that's our pool guys
piss yellow lagoon guess what I did
what'd you do I made a gang on Grand
Theft Auto the CTFxC army I'll put a
link in the description if you guys want
to join the gang we're a peaceful gang
don't worry tell we plant trees
virtually better yet you joined a call
wait that sounds worse you joined a
group of awesome people that play the
same video game so I come home to find
Charles playing with the quote-unquote
gang my husband is a is a gang leader
let's go rob us or we're gonna rob the
store
oh we're getting a firetruck oh my god
the gas stations blowing up got ironic
the firetruck is on fire you guys are
the worst firefighters I've ever seen
wait who's flying the helicopter now
everybody's giving him the cargo plane
you can vlog in the game double vlogging
right now well you just jumped out of
the flange of the planet visible I did
make little CTFxC gang on Grand Theft
Auto but I do have a little question I
think I'm maxed out of 300 people is
that the max for the little gang that we
can have because if so that really sucks
if you know how to get more people in
there please let me know
Lauren yours klutzy as I am I did was
take a sip in the leaked on me I think
they're camping for Black Friday what is
the date right now
so Allie is leaving for Australia so we
gotta get our hard drive so all the vlog
footage is safe unfortunately I'm pretty
bummed out because I can't go because on
Monday actually start the first thing in
chemo but I'm making Ally go because I
want to make sure at least one of us
gets to go and get some awesome footage
so that's what pretty much what's going
on right now and I need to get a range
extender right now because our stupid
house has some sort of magnetic thing
going on and in my office I had a zero
internet pisses me off every single time
I remember I had one of those in my car
no like I don't I can't 136 DVDs CD case
this is for the visor I had one of those
too so that when you put the visor down
all your CDs fell down in your lap
here and decisive party music whichever
one falls first by that one go go go go
go go go go
laser tell me oh my god Joey this dog
has done this ever since she was a puppy
that's probably why she drove it so
funny
go there we go father's just like don't
even come near me
guys put it down on the ground I want to
get it so he knows I have to go near the
cats though barley out of nowhere
breaking up stops all you havin too much
fun this is like Zoey Coco's like don't
get too close all right figure this
thing out
dr. trippy is in the house all right
daddy whoo victory no this side of the
house has Internet yeah anytime time
we've lived here this side of the house
was like dead space did you finish a
little snack that one little piece Marlo
wants good job Zoey is what Marley does
every time she put something clever she
puts her mouth and gets water and then
she licks the bowls get every little
ounce or every little crumb well it's
time to end the video hope you guys
enjoyed today's video if you're brand
new don't forget to subscribe for every
new subscriber you get a new flower
flowers are not physically real anyway I
hope you guys enjoyed today's video if
you did please don't forget to click the
little like button and
I will see you guys tomorrow as always
doodles
see what you did
it's the other guard me wait
worse yet sexy
giddy what y'all trippin
with grippy an early don't forget
you
