good morning Internet what time is it it
is six o'clock in the morning got my
morning juice though so today I have to
go get an MRI this will be with the
first time our eye since starting chemo
so they could basically make sure the
tumor isn't moving any bigger than it
should be hopefully it's just staying
still hopefully hopefully it's actually
shrinking that would be the miracle that
I am hoping for I'm a little nervous
because like I said this is the first
MRI since starting chemo just kind of
see what effect the chemo actually had
on the tumor so obviously I'm a little
bit nervous from this they might
actually up my dose of Temodar
so this is the whole point of today but
on a positive note the Xbox one I
believe should be arriving today at
least it was supposed to I don't know if
it will now because has been shipped yet
I don't know how it's supposed to get
here in less than 12 hours dude this guy
right next to me looks like Bryan
Cranston holy crap I'm on time so now we
wait for the doctor to come in and read
the MRI results hopefully I can they
show baby we got before and after I'm
really interested to see it before and
after that's just the whole from surgery
and that post off surgery this is the
new one now which is no better you know
see there's a hole from surgery most of
that's blood my sort of enhancement
you're recovering the muscle is just
healing if that's almost the chemo like
shrinking it or anything like that right
well of course I'm gonna take credit for
that but right but no it's just healing
okay one of the things that we look at
is sort of the dye that leaks out around
the tumor which we just follow and call
enhancement so most of what you have
here
as you'd expect after surgery is large
is too long so this is before the
contrast and after the contrast so you
can see most of the white stuff is blood
and around it there's maybe a little bit
of enhancement we'll just follow that
he'd expect doesn't mean anything it
just means that that's slowly changing
over time and something better and same
deny me with declining I'm declining
your creepy air drops come on I want to
keep air dropping no so as you guys saw
more badass news flare signals deep in
the cork so whatever site that are
consistent was residual non enhancing
basically this is on mumbo-jumbo big
words the main thing I want you guys to
take away from this as the tumor has no
evidence of tumor progression meaning
that they don't see any growth in the
tumor which is awesome awesome dude
could be potentially shrieking because
of the fact that it's healing or because
it's actually working and shrinking I
don't know if it's because of the chemo
or just because the internet yelled at
it so so much you guys heard its
feelings and it's dying off its back you
guys are making the package bags leave
what bags would a tumor have I don't
know what kind of bags overhead at least
know what about one of those like these
are way he's getting kicked out of my
brain amazing news I wanted to share
that with you guys it was awesome too
that the doctor let me or help me film
the actual like progression you could
see it on the MRI it's really cool cuz
if you guys notice every time we was
like moving what that is is different
layers basically living layers of my
brain Travis just sent over the first
mix of the one of the first songs on the
new album and we're going to listen to
it now yes I'm excited but aliens now
you have to remove the audio because
they came here yet the new album is
coming out very very soon but okay
remove the audio
The Wiggles yeah you pull the pamphlet
okay it doesn't I'm not telling you not
to dress in clothes you're like but pull
your you don't tell me what to do I am
telling you what to do this is stupid
cute but let the world see it look how
much nicer that's why the pants are down
I won't let pants down nice that looks
you have a normal ass I thought you just
had back to fives but there it is
you want to take us around this new pool
design yeah oh my god here we have
coping like have you ever seen this
before this is our new collar a new
brown color large coping cribs crib
style wait till you guys see when it's
finished we don't always cover the feel
like you marry because who cares what if
what if you fall in there it's dangerous
live life on the edge for all the ladies
or you know I really just mean like
small children who can't voice
themselves out of the pool feel like I
need to be shooting because they're weak
no fighting on the step yeah we're those
people we literally built that entire
second step for Zoey
see that we made this for Marley I like
the new pool here's half of your present
for a wedding present the other half is
going to be here tomorrow I screwed up
delivery so they only got this half
that's the beauty about like games you
can make make weapons out of any single
thing I feel like this is a fail on
serious point I don't even know what
that was supposed to say anymore there's
Ally's response for that weird-ass text
as Syria decided defend where is Yoshi I
don't think it's in tune suck it Danny I
gotta get a new pillow because the other
ones kind of actually hurting my neck so
I got to find a nice nice relaxing
pillow I always making fun of me just we
have so many pillows on my bed my new
pillow that you guys can also politely
rub your asses on hey you were taking
mommy none shall pass what are you doing
Zoey wagging your tail path ass wagon hi
okay that's a good wag cameras our
cameras on no but I could do look what I
could do so that I could do so the last
two days our last few weeks to the vlogs
I've been making these cool little one
on one or two ingredient recipes
yesterday somebody can't remember their
name I feel really bad send me the
coolest one all you needs four eggs and
two bananas if this works probably my
favorite thing you go away you're in
trouble
hey guys I like the bananas I do need to
start disciplining you you're a little
asshole little asshole
but I love you so much because you're
such a little funny asshole and you're
such a nice little girl is that nub girl
photo shoot that's cute Zozo protecting
her she's doing a good job so he's the
DP Daisy what's that she has no thumbs
she doesn't know so good god man she
doesn't know doing a good job Zoe
working hard got a little something on
your lips there ma'am oh yeah definitely
my chocolate you see all this work that
I did for it don't want them they'll
grow okay oh my god please don't
actually like me it's really close you
haven't throw up on you would you do
what you happy with that what you do is
kick and stuff up so earlier this week
we did a part one of the mail vlog we
had the space of up because there was so
much stuff cuz you guys are too freakin
crazy
mell vlog part - hey chocolate face
let's go chocolate
we're sittin sexy
with me
you
