hey guys so cool news today we had
another pool guy come and check out and
kind of map out everything that last guy
I don't know if you remember he came out
he just looked at our yard and just goes
nope this guy came out and he was like
that guy's nuts there's so many things
we can do
he actually mapped out everything we had
him spray paint ideas so I'm gonna show
you guys and see if I can you know what
actually I should just get the drone out
let me see if I can get the drone that
way I can show ya 28 feet which is
bigger than the Sarasota house and then
we have like maybe you're here let's see
if I can get the drone maybe do an
aerial shot oh there I am okay so I'm
gonna back up right here so this is
where it would go underneath this tree
so we just thin out the trees a little
bit and we can go all the way over here
and this is kind of like follow me this
is kind of look what we can do this
isn't necessarily a shape but then we
could wrap out it's kind of like what
we're just working with from here to
here and this is not necessarily to
utilize this extra space or we could
just round it off we can make this into
a giant Sun shelf and then that way cuz
right now we have this idea of putting
like a little shelving thing right here
removing that out so that way we have
more swimming area which would be 18
feet so I wish you could see you know
the orange a little bit better but I
feel like if I'm kind of directing you
guys now you can see both the ground and
now I'm visually in the air seriously
from here where I'm at now over to here
and like I said it'd be just above me
what you can't see me now it would be
all thinned out so I don't know I'm
actually pretty excited for this but
yeah so we got the rough pullquote
and let's just say I hope everyone is
cool if we do a couple extra sponsors in
the next couple months and let's just
say that okay but I think it'd be worth
it and look we'll have at the end of it
you know one will get this you know film
the whole construction and two we'll
have a nice virtual pool party with
everybody
yeah like 1015 times more than yeah so
like I said I hope everyone's cool with
that I'm sure you guys are it's not that
big of a deal but I just had to make a
joke about it we need to get you a pool
right and you can have lizards
everywhere I'll just get you a pile of
lizards you can chase Marley needs one -
speaking of which where's Marley always
loser I'm actually really just excited
to film the whole process I'm gonna talk
to the guy about putting some GoPros
everywhere just filming the whole thing
I think that would actually be really
kind of fun to do and entertaining so
this is now Rica's second checkup to
make sure did we give her her medicine
today so we give it to an hour so we
wait wait just wait so we got to go to
the checkup and they put that in my
pocket
yeah you gotta go there that you do not
want to go out there they do you want to
go to the vet yeah she's hot I mean
twice the size now say girls you don't
want to come trust me you don't want to
come to the vet you guys would hate me
all right ding-dong let's see how much
you weigh yep my educated guess is that
she what was she with 10 pounds 10 out
of 10 pounds she was 10 ounces and I
feel like she's double I think she's
going to be 18 ounces that is going to
move out safe guess okay so I love doing
these games in the comments you pause
the video right now hit pause I'll give
you a pause face one two three pause
okay so you pause the video you've told
me in the comments what you think her
weight is oh I probably should have said
that before okay let's try it again okay
let's try again rewind I'm gonna give
you a pause section and then you pause
the video and you tell me how much do
you think she weighs now ready one two
three pause basic okay so hopefully you
paused and that didn't look completely
awkward I wonder if anyone was gonna get
it actually great on the nose yeah I
love playing games like this is like how
we get really interactive in the videos
oh she went back in her cage I'll dig
that but she went in there now she gets
out are you ready okay that's chilling
okay so the official weight is 1 pound 4
ounces I was way off apparently everyone
loves you though
no cat is like Christmas at that place
they asked all about you three or you
two because they haven't seen diesel but
they wanted to make sure you two are
okay and Marley they said don't eat poop
cuz you can't eat poop because she's
still got what's called what I call it
out coccidia which is like a worm or a
parasite or something like that she had
it earlier and apparently it's really
really hard to get rid of so what we
need to do is Marley can't eat poop
which is gonna be very hard for her but
I think we can do it
zookeeper out of the room - we have to
get different kitty litter box because
we have to make sure to change the
litter and bleach everything twice a day
and have to clean everything like our
blankets two times a day for a while so
she's got high maintenance I have no
idea how this always happens like you
put them in all nice and they always
come out like this my phone was ringing
and this is what it said I don't think
I've ever seen that that was pretty
funny though
can you play though I think the Beauty
and the Beast thing
ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding
ding ding ding ding ding this is a panda
oh and there's a unicorn it was pretty
cool there's a grumpy cat though wait is
it working is it's like your mouth moves
after you talk I hate mondays
give me some lasagna you're like
Garfield if he was 90 and drunk and
slightly addicted to some type of drugs
yeah cracked-out Garfield something
creepy I forgot ally oh there's that
thing right here more this
I don't like that is that for a guinea
pig like any a guinea bee that's cute
by the way kids from us began today it's
been very mischievous lately and kind of
a pain in the butt he is becoming less
and less the fact that it's so open
makes her very excited so she decides to
run around and I think we might have let
her out into the house way too early but
that's fine we keep losing her and she's
like oh she's so tiny it's been a lot of
fun the past couple of days she's crazy
until she gets hungry because if you
guys saw in the clips when I was
actually at the vet she was just
chilling up by the way this is all her -
she decided to take me right out of my
car by pants the thing is that she's so
calm with me sometimes like she was
sitting on my lap but I guess the reason
why she was sitting on my lap is because
she was doing something to my pants
sneaky little jerk got to do that
tomorrow is exciting because we're
finally we've been saving up for so long
we're gonna be getting rid of this
carpet and we're getting rid of this
carpet ever I put this in both those
rooms out and I couldn't be more excited
are you excited no here's the fun part
moving everything not everything cuz
they're just gonna slide things over we
have never once I think settled into
this house we've always been constantly
doing something but I feel like we're
getting there
I mean first project was the back porch
where the roof got that done very happy
with that now doing the floor and then
once we get the pool I think we would
have everything we kind of wanted in
this house all the adjustments I say
that but I should knock on wood because
between now and I always think of
something did you you were such a jerk
you were I want to take that away and
I'm gonna burn it
Oh beauty dog what are you doing what is
what is this up I can't remember the
worms that she has called ha ha city air
she's got it so this is we had have got
to give her some of this and a drop a
little dropper actually and the funny
thing is it smells like banana but she
does not like it yeah no she likes that
I just think that you know just like
kids know even if they like it it's
medicine yeah so we have to give her
point five milligrams no I know you
don't like it there is a little more and
then you get better yeah good girl
all of this yeah we're all of it this
time okay let's go feed you now we
always say Ali and I are not cat people
and I always feel like it's we're not
cat people we just like Rika other
things she was honest president because
since you set the street tax she's got
everything she's been working the
streets so we are gonna go and meet up
with Melissa right now for dinner
fortunately Marlene email is her
birthday she's really she's got just
like a really really long day we're
gonna reschedule the whole birthday
dinner with her for a night that she's
feeling a little bit more up to it
because we're planning on going to
dinner we kind of like turned our
kitchen and it's kind of in shambles
right now because we're moving
everything out of our rooms and out of
the office because the people are coming
tomorrow to do the tile this is the last
time you're gonna see carpet in here and
it's gonna be transformed into the new
beautiful wooden tile
yeah yeah she's gonna be turned into the
tile that's all I think it's gonna make
the house a lot easier to clean first
off second up I actually think the dog
who's gonna like it a lot more because
they love laying on the tile you know
it's gonna be like what is we're finally
making this house our own because like
we bought this house they renovated
everything but I don't think we ever
told you guys when this house was first
built this was not a kitchens there's
the front porch this is wall and then
there's a wall here
there this was all renovated by the dude
who did everything which is amazing
because we loved it but it was like
moving ready so we haven't been able to
really make it our own
so tricky time what's our team name just
for being new at the game they gave us a
free beer beer there's a question
anywhere the answers were very white
tired and I was relating it back to the
post which I agree but I was wrong
because he died in 2003 I was dumb beer
but what was 193 other than scorpio
scorpianas ales we parted by the best
episode ever those and the wagons
long story short we didn't get it right
under pressure at 35 that's not 35 they
get a good 70 points given we're the
last ones here to see - I mean that's
not bad cuz they're with a lamb on the
play well actually you know what should
give this to him before we end the video
rolls and chills creepy cookies these
look better than half the cookies I've
been eating that's for the doll that's
right I'm dead serious try the frosting
nope you know I'm not the only person
who's eating the dog treat does several
times in a day yeah frosting is a little
Jake good okay hold on do this in thirds
Marley you get the tiny one cuz you
probably had so many other things so you
get big one diesel you get a big one hey
go big boy no you look you get three
seconds otherwise you're not getting it
alright so tomorrow we have two things
that we're doing the first one I got to
go do is I got to go to the doctors it's
going to be a little bit awkward to kind
of talk about I'm still debating on how
or if I'm going to be completely honest
I feel like now that I said that I have
to be I'm just trying to think about how
I want to say things I know that's told
like dangling the carrot on that one but
and the the office in the bedroom are
getting revamped and I'm going to be so
happy when that happens please don't
forget to subscribe with notification
that's very important so that way you
know just in case YouTube goofs up I
will see us tomorrow as always have a
great night by us
