good morning guys how's it going I just
wanted to show you guys the the process
of the pool as you can see we did the
outline the grouting new tile get rid of
that cheesy tile we widen the second
step and we had a smaller third step
it's looking really really nice I told
you it's gonna look awesome
okay don't let me bend good then go
ahead and bend your knee and don't let
me straighten good okay now I want you
to switch and try your left heel on your
ratios well good news I got the a okay I
got the A+ for the physical therapy so I
got the approval I'm back to normal and
physical therapy now I just got to go
back one more time for occupational
therapy if you guys don't know the
difference I honestly don't either but
occupational therapy I think is the the
intricacy just some more like they
complex things but like running lifting
my legs up and down kicking things like
that as you guys saw I may okay a plus
on that so that's awesome and it's
really crazy to watch that footage then
watch bright after surgery where my foot
in my hand would just like collapse how
many months has it been three months two
months just to see the progress in two
months so can I get a coffee as a reward
fine Starbucks so yesterday you may have
been a little bit surprised by a nice
little treat the theme song was
different a little bit different we had
we the kings and terabrite collaborating
and we redid the outro a theme song
we figured this made the most sense
since I was in we the Kings now we
needed a we've the Kings outro just want
to say thank you to terabrite for
originally writing that music and for
Travis singing on top of it instead of
recording the fourth album ever since I
joined with the Kings everyone was like
you guys need a we the kings outro so we
finally did it I really hope you guys
like it if you guys have never heard of
terabrite go check them out they are
talented talented people and one of our
close friends and fellow Floridians and
you guys already know Travis the goofy
redhead in our band and I am happy to
see you but have you seen is that's
different
wait now I'm happy to see put that away
please stop that please
there we have two versions of the theme
song one with a little bit of effects on
the chorus or the breakdown and then one
without it so I'm gonna play both of
them and I want you guys in the comments
tell me which one you like the best and
you will decide which theme song we will
use obviously it's with
alright this is without hold on to
download it was not prepared for this so
in the comments do it's very slight but
would you like it with their little
effects on the breakdown or without I
kind of like it with and then sometimes
I like it without
with or without you I can't live with or
without you
and so I try these things and not me my
name is Coco and I'm very grumpy tell
the internet how grumpy you are Talman
Coco Coco Tom uh grumpy you are you
don't want to do it now
you smell good we're all tiny you are
the other day Coco actually fell in the
pool all you tell them how grumpy you
are don't go down that you did you just
fart
it's dog only you run away okay this is
the experiment for the world's largest
water balloon I never had a balloon this
baby will pop it like now I'm not gonna
pop it on your head how big I can get it
low and easy that is giant
world's largest water balloon you're
full careful careful it feels tight
Marley wants to make it harder than ever
throw it on you mark oh my god go a
little bit more just no just yeah yeah I
can go to lift it just do that because
it's gonna it's needs a little bit of
wiggle room for when you pick it up oh
my god it looks like a giant boobie the
modern-day boobies transplants that's my
boob implant right there that's what I'm
gonna get let's put one put one giant
boob uniboob
you popped that I'm gonna be so upset
with you I didn't pop it but it's always
getting real upset right now
what do you want try to pick it up try
to pick it up
no because it's gonna break and that's
what you want I'm not doing that
actually you know what can you get a
towel and I'll pick it up with a towel
now drop it on his head oh my god wait
do we have a scale you know it's so
wiggling gross oh you're gonna drop that
for sure it's gonna break it's so jiggly
in disgust impossible how about goal
with him maybe
so 41 pounds pounds I think the story is
he's gonna try to pick it up over Ted
and I'm gonna pop it with a knife
Lauren did you help us roll it up your
buddy there yeah oh my god
roll it roll it up your face this is
hilarious roll it roll it up your face
elephantitis of the balls help him dad I
really want to see both of you get wet
cuz that's gonna be really funny okay
boy ready not exactly alright ready I'm
just gonna that's why I got the knifes
like it's damn far away and pop it ready
ready
okay let's get you a child no no no
please please please please don't know
this bald cap perfect do you have any
electronics in your pocket right
tomorrow is the first MRI since starting
the chemo so hopefully it's good news
hopefully it's not growing or anything
hopefully the chemos shrinking or not
that letting it grow so I'm actually
really nervous about it but I know it's
gonna be totally fine so that's what's
going on tomorrow who's gonna care it
yeah so that's going tomorrow I'm gonna
make sure to wear my CTFxC brain cancer
t-shirt though so that way you guys come
with me in the MRI because I hate those
things
so I am currently shopping
pairing for my trip to Australia which
is so soon and I cannot even believe it
I'm like you know super bummed that
Charles can't come but we just want him
to be safe so he's gonna hang back at
home with the puppies and I'm actually
going to be going with dev which is so
exciting and I'm gonna be meeting up
with all the people that are there like
Jesse and Jeana there's like a million
other people so it's gonna be really fun
and I cannot wait for that it's gonna be
a great trip
if you want to you can vote for your
favorite youtubers who are on the trip
and you can actually be entered for a
chance to win your own Kentucky trip to
Australia which is awesome so if you
guys go to on the road trip calm I'll
put the link in the description you can
check out all of the details there are
meetups you can follow along with our
itinerary and see all the challenges
that we're gonna be doing and they're
gonna be posting I'm pretty sure every
single day they're gonna be making a
video because Korey and all the dudes
from Apprentice they are gonna be
filming everything so you're gonna be
able to see all the travel updates see
all the challenge videos and it's really
cool to be able to follow along on the
trip so if you just go to that website
again it's in the description on the
road trip calm you'll be able to see all
that cool stuff my mom and I are gonna
drive by Best Buy really quickly because
it's the launch of the Xbox one and I'm
pretty sure people are camping out so
we'll see how busy it is down there like
I said tomorrow is the first MRI since
the chemo so hopefully everything's good
hopefully the stupid things shrinking
it's the only 9:30 visit ever going to
bed this is the earliest I've been going
to bed ever that I can even think of
usually I fall asleep around 2 or 3
anyway so cos mom's always have a great
night don't forget to subscribe if
you're brand new our buyers
to see what you did
with CJ a vaccine
