so Varley now knows the sound of
Strawberry containers just give it a
second here it she's coming here's a
tiny piece but you gotta do something
for Eddie you gotta break dance break
dance it's not break dancing come on
right oh you stole it
yeah I'm not break dancing I'm over that
I retired so I just looking aside and
this is what Marley doing right now are
you trying to tell me she's doing it
what are you doing is that why you're
barking you're basically telling on her
my beard is getting to that point where
it's itching now can you itch my beard
yeah I was that severe editing the male
blog from yesterday I was just itching
the whole time so I'm back on the coffee
train Lauren drove me to go get some
coffee since I'm still not allowed to
drive the golf cart I didn't do the
whole peeling of the other way thing so
we said if you peel it backwards upside
down you don't get this to his springs I
have to you have to try that I'll try
that I get home actually they don't
think outside the box
shit damn it
nothing appropriate in the most
inappropriate way a little bit hectic
I've been editing a couple of videos I'm
trying to do the vlog in the video for
my channel Charles was editing the maila
vlog and he had a doctor's appointment
so there's been a lot of stuff going on
our pool is being worked on it's just
been kind of a hectic day so far so my
mom brought me some food she brought me
a sandwich from Jimmy John's and she
left it on my desk well I was editing in
there I was just kind of snacking on it
and for one second I needed to get up
and go into the kitchen for something I
walked into my office to find the crime
scene how do you think might have done
that so I'm sure you knew where the
story was going but Marley finished my
sandwich and she's in trouble so this is
what she's doing now you're not cute
I'm going to another rehab place to see
for an assessment so hopefully the
physical people are gonna say I'm cool
as well but I haven't had really any
problems with my left side we need all
those paperwork for when I was
discharged it's kind of crazy how like I
was really absolutely struggling same
thing with your right finger
that's a presently hard you're gonna
flip your hands like this
everyone swallow that happens hmm that's
the tip of your finger to each time to
each finger
this is one of my favorite practicing
things
much better than L was 28.1 okay I'm
genuinely curious the seed squeeze as
hard as you can
it's really hard especially because it
doesn't move because you know education
so you have 60 pounds 60 point weakling
no you're not because it's supposed to
be 55 so you're you're five pounds more
sweet so Lauren's normal what happened
did you eat Ali sandwich so are you
hiding from me see are you shaking
daddy's not mad yeah you know I knew
though it's like I heard echo what you
said oh hey oh I think she's shaking
because of the noise come here it's
really loud out there on the pool deck
I'm not mad oh honey it's okay you did a
really bad thing but you're too cute a
lot of people yell at us cuz we don't
like discipline our dogs
there's no way to punish a dog for that
but the thing is I feel like if we do
that like their personalities would not
be like the way they are wealth launch
was bad it's like unless you literally
catch them doing it there's no point in
showing them after like I actually did
yell at her as she was doing it she's
shaking so she knew that she did
something bad I mean she knows as you
saw her laying on that couch I walked
over to her after I like sent her out of
the room and she was just laying them
she was like like I was like just trying
to be cute she knew she was in trouble
well is a good healthy sandwich though
wasn't it yeah at least it wasn't bread
oh my god are you kidding me you haven't
done enough with food today you are such
a dick
this is what she's trying to get by the
way nope oh that's cute searching on the
feet oh so low is the place I'm right
I think this is right how's it from Pitt
bill turnstile what are they always make
will music like the porn told for music
look so what were we doing on this night
- the years ago freaking out because we
were gonna get married I was just trying
to think like I was trying to mentally
get back to that place by the way I
totally thought you were gonna say
something like banging but you didn't
well you did spend the night in the same
bed the night of our wedding some people
do a weird thing where they don't sleep
together I think it's weird that's my
opinion sorry if I offended anyone but I
think it's kind of weird to like to stay
separately if you've been living
together like if you hadn't been living
together I can understand that but we
have been living together for like two
years so that was a little bit silly I
was losing my damn mind I was like the
host like we had just moved into this
house - yeah I was 50% of that wedding -
no I mean like when people came here
like guess see stuff you're off drinking
with your boys I was just trying to like
go back there and and sort of feel what
it was like again and it was it was
really funny it was like nervous
excitement but it got so insane right
before because so many people came into
town and they all wanted to come see her
house cuz it was new so it just got so
ridiculous we had like 50 people we took
over like an Olive Garden I seriously
doubt it I can't believe you you have
bigger balls than anything any animal or
person I've ever seen that sounded weird
but you know what I mean
she's sitting here banging Vince food
after everything you've done today you
can't I can't believe her she got in
trouble today for doing this you - what
the hell you guys are acting like we
don't feed you friggin lurkers our dogs
are lurkers there no you know what
they're like what does James Franco say
and pineapple Express linger linger
linger poop yeah probably one part of
the grossest once they're put a beat in
their taste okay
she's right well how the hell is the one
that you think is the gross is the one
that tastes the best I don't know
I internet I have 20 teeth so today's a
day oh these are out that was pretty
fast quick change the CTFxC destruction
of brain cancer t-shirts are now finally
available they come in black
I think there's red there's purple
there's a whole bunch of them so the
really amazing thing about these
t-shirts is that 100% of the profit will
go to charity half will go to the Olli
go Research Fund and then the other half
will go to another brain cancer research
firm we're still doing a lot of research
trying to find the perfect one I think
there actually might be a little
surprise in the form of a wristband as
well so go check it out it's not as fun
but the t-shirts are finally out and
like I said these are all charity these
are all these are just something amazing
that the CTFxC this entire shirt is
cherish this is all charities so CTFxC
Mertz comm go get them check them out so
this is really exciting guys I'm really
proud of Charles and I'm really grateful
to all the other CTFxC r--'s who have
unfortunately dealt with this who have
helped us do some research and get this
stuff really going this is a really cool
project and I think it's hopefully gonna
raise some money for a good cause when
you wear it you basically know you
helped somebody destroy brain cancer
somewhere
pound it biome internet ready to pound
it alright Internet it's time to go to
bed I'll see you guys tomorrow hope you
guys enjoyed the video don't forget to
click Subscribe and then Ally getting
ready for read and don't forget the gift
UPMC I peanut see again welcome to
America it's which by the way is now our
two-year anniversary come here two year
anniversary yeah
happy Anniversary I guess it's not
technical what time do we get actually
married six at 4:00 p.m. okay go clean
up the pee seriously
see what he did
yes
with y'all trippin
with chathurthi an ally
