you wearing your own shirt - where's all
your tattoos on your face caught so I
just woke up and somebody tweeted me a
little life hack basically takes an
apple slice like a thin apple slice dip
it in pancake mix make a pancake out of
it and we'll try that right now okay so
I chord the Apple so now I have to make
little thin slices want a little piece
yeah screw that immediately just throws
it out ever since they started working
on our pool so he keeps trying to bring
him toy she's got her bone she was gonna
bring it to him you can't they can't
play Zoe my mom and I were talking about
like you know how technology and the
internet is where a lot of money is
nowadays we're kinda that's the
direction that everything is going and
we were talking about the snapchat deal
that the CEO turned down that was a
three billion dollar offer from Facebook
to buy snapchat I don't know if the guy
is a genius or if he is an asshole I I'm
sort of torn here my mom thinks he's an
idiot what I think is one it could be
like he is the most badass person ever
and he's like no fu I know it's worth
more than that Plus this will get a lot
of media attention so I'm gonna turn you
down on the other hand I think oh my god
it's a fucking app on your iPhone and
you could have three billion dollars if
you sold its Facebook
I don't know because it's not my
brainchild and it's not my baby so I
don't know how I would feel about that
but you don't know you for three Wow
Thanks although I'm complimented that's
a lot of work you know I don't know if
it's good my self-worth is three bill
I'll take it what you get oh yeah
shameless plug CTFxC merchant car love
it oh my god I'm so excited
really though I not the obligatory mom
statement you actually like it I love it
and look how pretty it is physics laddie
black on this side looks great it's
really sleek love it before us not the
5s like our sub bass very funny the
whole point of that was to ask you if
you were in that position what would you
do would you accept the three billion
dollar bid or would you hold it out for
four billion don't see this works like
Lauren pointed out it's like french
toast with apple slices instead I'm also
trying buckwheat instead of the
traditional pancake mix because it's an
older green that means it's less
processed so we'll see if this works
neither one of you like apples Marley I
just gave you an apple and you spit it
out immediately try hmm right Apple in
it yeah there's a little life hack
whoever invented that is a genius let's
put a little bit of omelette on this I
hate old music they've been here all day
are you bored who's here come on let's
show him how fluffy you are today
because you have a bath yesterday
they're all fluffy she is
yeah Bed Head every time she gets a bath
she's so fluffy for like the entire two
days after rock on we're matching dude
both in black t-shirts
the camera are you looking at me does
she deal with everyone - yeah you're
like a freaking squirrel right now you
look like one
now you just need to go like this dude
take your hat off and go over your ears
in your hair that's always back to front
grill man Oh Marley
she's a girl be a squirrel oh you nuts
now I see why squirrels are so freakin
skinny they have to run from Marley all
the time and it takes 20 minutes just
open up one of these things if your head
goes straight I'll give you a peanut did
you ever like weigh you down over there
Ali it's time to panic go to youtube.com
right now YouTube's broken panic it's
pandemonium the songs a zombie
apocalypse oh it's back on oh no Marley
panic panic Marley we're all over panic
it's always stay in your bunker it's
like gonna be one of those things where
were you when YouTube went down dum dum
da oh it's so nice out right now ah
stupid mosquitos
except for sceetos that's the thing
about Florida about this time just like
all over the place excuse me Zoe
exactly you know weirdo
put that off hahaha
you ready shoot a video yeah alright I
is getting ready to shoot a video for
her you to become such an Ally's channel
and then we're gonna do a mail vlog
right Zoe Bell vlog woo so a friend
Grier on Twitter just told me a joke I
want to tell you have you heard the bad
999 megabytes no probably wouldn't cuz
they haven't got a gay get that is
awesome she's like I know you brought
strawberries you're looking for
strawberries it's a good god oh my god
please gonna have one please can I have
one sir
there we go mail vlog it's gonna be a
bit we have to do a three-part series on
this one so this is what my office flora
looks like so you got a heart on your
head dude sorry what is this leg going
up here there's a little bit no girl
coping so we're doing that so mailbox
Pentacles right now and going through
artwork you'll see in the office at the
end of the video for the mail vlog ma'am
does their my underwear why are you
wearing those this shoot the whole veil
like that yeah
alright I'm do mail the log yeah alright
Al Bundy already guys a little double
whammy for today as well as the vlog at
AM L vlog as you can see or if you click
there you can go check out Ali's new
video which is on our channel if you're
lazy like me you can just click on the
video take your way to it or if it
doesn't let you do that the links are in
the description make sure you go check
out both those video
guys if you have any ideas that you want
Ali to do on her channel just go to her
video leave them in the comments she'll
definitely check them out all right I
love you guys hope you guys enjoy the
videos they get
we wait
baby
with trippy
with Dirty Harry don't forget so anymore
