so what is this leg going up here
there's stuff a little bit no girl
comfy man welcome to the mailbox this
isn't really the actual belt it is the
mail bag yeah that's our intro
okay now welcome to the mail vlog Ali
who's that from Minnesota what is it
alright hard drives for your elbow oh
that's awesome
the drives were barely used and appear
to be larger than some of the ones that
you might have I hope they come in handy
to increase your storage capacity while
still maintaining a redundancy but you
need its Jeremy and that is that's
badass because that's all I don't know
if you guys know I literally have every
single vlog the original vlog and the
exports of every single vlog this is
this is incredible that's cool so I want
to say thank you guys that's amazing
your card in there yep Christie s you
are ruining that beautiful wrapping are
you open things if anyone else baffled
by this technique put them next to each
other so it's like we sleep next to each
other well hold for that let me see I
can't hold but I'll try it all laid out
and then it talks to Joe that is
adorable
that's really cute what happens if we
switch places I'm talking to no one does
that mean that they know how we sleep
cuz they award them the right way
oh Jessica P she said she was listening
to the vlog while she was going through
nature photos on Facebook says your pain
in this press we own the Sun protected
Zoe yes security don't lick it no don't
lick it I'm Samantha over at the UK
what's the other thing in a little tiny
Josh isn't this which is equally
adorable and I have no idea how she did
this maybe clay she made those
strawberry drinks say that word really
loud what strawberry strawberry Marly
strawberries
so this is from Savannah H from New
Hampshire new couch actually gave me a
recipe for kitchen cat or chicken
chicken kitchen kitchen Cech Ettore
this is what we our wedding I don't
remember his I don't remember anything
about our wedding because it was so just
a blur you busy being the bride and she
is is her ah cute and then she gave me a
necklace with a turtle that's awesome
so you lay off that of him drug-drug
Zoey just say no okay no I can't get
that normal this dog is not normal
it's true Zoey that looks spiffy on you
Dante Zoey Dante the monkey man gotta
get here before the lion what you got
Zoe wants it what is this I'm here I'm
back here in case you need help so this
is from Sal boar I think it's this girl
right here obviously it's not from the
United States because there's all this
crazy candies in chocolate Oh coke Alice
cacao cacao cacao how luscious thank you
this is from Ashley and Michael from
Ohio
Oh
scorpion America oh we're gonna have to
eat that for the lot of the vlogs
I'm not eating that I'm not can you eat
a scorpion in there I can't have sugar
so you have to edible flower butter for
candy that's a real butterfly in there
it's a real butterfly yeah we have Tommy
survival can one of the vlogs we have to
eat a butterfly and a scorpion in the
comments say which person se which item
say Charles scorpion or Charles
butterfly alley scorpion alley butterfly
from Tegan earth from Glasgow I am so
sorry people from Glasgow
remember that whole time we're on tour
saying it wrong but you drew this take
my money from Futurama no that's the not
sure if oh yeah not sure if it's
backwards that's really cool curry
whoever is Kirby's a cheater this is
from Monroe be from California and so if
I can find Marlee she's missing out
Molly come on you're missing out baby
that's it good
let's go no I don't want to I'm sleeping
Starbuck
hell yeah
coffee gothic gothic gothic government
Angie Monroe this is from kth from
Phoenix she sent us a thank-you card and
this is a picture she took that one of
your shows on it I have like it does
Arizona looks like have a beam out of my
head so Jesse HS in Australia my
favorite country this is her with Danny
and I hey and she said something about
the best thing one of the best things I
don't going to come over and steal these
Ellie's not Oh find him I will fight
someone that he's invited
oh my god it's to match
get him there you go mine
take it yeah Murray from Wisconsin she
drew us she gave us a little late a
belated wedding card that's her and she
wrote Wisconsin is really boring and has
bad weather that's so cute
you enjoying those toys Kristy from Iowa
first I thought they were firecrackers
I'm not sure what they are you hang it
like this yeah that's really pretty
probably fairly good fortune because you
know that's what all Chinese stuff means
good fortune I don't know what the hell
I'm talking about
that is really cool though I imagine
it's something that you hang in your
house for some spiritual reason yes
goblins out keeps out the goblins out
keeps the goblins out of that Katie from
Pennsylvania sent this ten of life's
simple pleasures bubble bath so we got
some bath the bath bubble bath thing
stop talking to the dogs that were
already got no Abeka feet over to her
eyes she's really enjoying her toy right
now snaps I got that on lock playing
with children or toys so we got a bunch
of toys here I like that
coloring definitely yeah what sis this
is what I don't like about the Ninja
Turtles this is gonna go on a tangent
why are the Ninja Turtles so fucking
scary now you ever notice that they not
the friendly the Cowabunga Pizza loving
guys they're so angry why is Donatello
such a weird color this is really cool
this is from William C from South
Carolina he said you know he really took
it to heart when we said that we you
know appreciate when people buy a stuff
but we would like to have something that
people created or did themselves so he
sent us a book that he wrote and
published himself
it's called fairy in blood go pick it up
guys
go find Google and trying to find it go
buy it that's pretty cool - yeah how old
is that person to be a published author
I signed it nice that was worth millions
millions so this is from Bethany all the
way from Texas
we the Queens that is amazing that is
awesome
that should go on your next tour bus
this is a new Flyers new album cover
that's your Zoey just dig into it use
your claws it's a drum head oh we got
another one
now there are two drum heads it's not I
don't like it this is from Blanca Steve
from patty Zoe howdy
so he's already figured out what's in
here it's all leg a feel like an asshole
all cuz I've talked to this girl a lot
and I don't know if her name is blah or
okay I say it wrong every single time so
correct me have a chain girl don't like
it oh my god chest hair in a nut sack
it's madness astronaut bananas squirrel
Underpants oh my god I gotta kiss
scruffing friend isn't here astronaut
strawberries uh-huh so I'm giving a
smoothie a dry one a dry dry smoothie on
earth I picked this dick dog slobber
hand sanitizer yeah
favorite fruit to the test smells weird
freeze-dried bananas you don't like it
just going puke Oh
this tastes like really ripe bananas
like puke just wait wait till it gets
more moist in there it's like baby food
Oh people worse like puke
the strawberries we're good though here
baby
everyone makes fun of Ali in the
comments strawberries can't be bad just
tastes like really ripe bananas he's
like you just wait wait till it gets
more moist in there it's like baby food
fever worse like puke the strawberries
look at them go get it sorry
go get it though you want to do that
Tamiya making the world's largest water
balloons
Jennifer D from Tennessee Jennifer D
from Tennessee what is it
right oh wow I love that and then a
headband where you brainslug Lois it's
adorable and a terrifying way think what
we're gonna have to do is do a part two
of mail blog later in the week because
we have a whole bunch more and I'm
getting tired I'm getting sleepy you
saying all names oh bring it closer from
Jersey yeah yeah babe so this is from
Ron I think he's the one I sent that old
nightlight that we have with the old
logo now he made new logos yeah we
actually honestly used that other one
like all the time it actually went out
yeah yeah I use it every day okay let's
plug it in and see what it looks like oh
there's the other one
go vlog yourself I want to have these
kids I got in trouble on their school
for that shirt she photoshopped herself
in just like with you guys and with us
not funny she made this little CTFxC
wall hanging that's funny
oh yeah and she wanted and she wanted to
give you this a sorry fest guy I caught
it
he's always like uh ball belongs to me
now all right so this is last one for
male vlog part one was this one from I
think the brain slug is taking all your
brain activity so what we'll do is later
in the week we'll do a part two we'll
get through the rest of this stuff I
actually want to show you guys some of
the artwork as well out to this that's
we were established yeah anniversaries
now like in two days or one day when you
watch this video looks great to me
that's really sweet
that's beautiful all right so before we
leave I just want to show you guys some
of the art we got a bunch of art I want
to show you guys before I end the mail
vlog so just check it out just laid it
all out so you guys can see if you want
to just pause the screen that we can
check it all out from hit the hit no dog
video
wait it's like that looks like a photo I
think that's a photo slipped in there
but we just got so much awesome art you
guys I just want to show you guys all at
once
and I'm gonna show you this one somebody
sent me this on Instagram a long time
ago Marley already got into one we're
gonna do these quicker we just want to
say thank you guys again for an awesome
mail vlog for all the awesome art and
all the awesome letters thank you very
much thank you thank you that we will be
better about getting on schedule with
this we're at town for a couple months
it's been a pretty chaotic year I guess
a lot of touring so at the end of this
video you have the little box to take
you back to the vlog if you haven't
watched the vlog yet and we will try to
do a part two of this mail vlog
hopefully by the end of this week
hopefully just keep reminding us guys
pretty scatterbrained I have an excuse
thank you guys again so so much and go
back to the vlog enjoy today's video bye
bye guys I'll see you guys over there
yes I'm on your head I know
you
