so Charles and Zoe always like to sleep
in together but the reason why I usually
have to wake up even on weekends when
I'm trying to sleep in is because I get
pushed out of the bed yes I get pushed
out of a king-size bed like this how are
you guys taking up that much room how is
possible for you and the one dog to push
me out of the bed even our other dog is
out of the bed because she didn't have
enough room hi you're cute what's going
on with that leg thanks Zoe that's
awesome now this is what you call a
boast breakfast buckwheat pancakes with
local honey beet kale spinach
raspberries strawberries blueberries
carrot smoothie every morning I just
grab whatever we have in the fridge and
just toss it in there is she trying to
get out there Zoe's paws she's
scratching at the door so we stopped
doing that you gotta get a bath Zoe it's
your bath time you know you stink your
head smells like a friggin pile of dirt
I have to do this because they shake and
then I just get all wet and so alright
please look around mine it is I really
don't want to go in there this is as sad
as I can make myself look she like pulls
all the skin on her head completely back
so that her head looks like tiny and sad
is that what you're doings are you
making your sad eyes
oh she goes by me you guys say bye daddy
Hewitt oh you mean over here
okay I'll totally do that brat what do I
do
do I attack that's a lot of Epping hair
we need to get the robot doing its job
again who rivers the robot from earlier
vlogs good old robot Oh sad face
something that we bought for my mom
yesterday ended up having a giant hole
in the back so we have to come back and
exchange it hopefully exchange it if
they have it otherwise we gotta return
it that's kind of the one bummer about
outlet shopping everything else is
amazing but sometimes you get stuff
that's been treated like crap so Oh God
I'm finding stuff that I like that was
this always happen oh I'm gonna get in
so much trouble as long as I do a haul
video right guys as long as I show you
guys what I got I know what you guys
have been tell me you wanted me to do a
Mac holiday and haul video I still
haven't done that yet it's a problem
guys it's a sin addiction Charles has an
addiction news technology I have an
addiction to close the makeup and maybe
candles bad faith second time today
they returned her shirt and she couldn't
find the right size replacement so now
we're on the hunt to replace the
replacement I guess right today's
mission frickin clean up my office I'm
misusing this and then this week we have
to do a freaking mail vlog this is
getting out of control
my entire office is completely covered
all right let's do this wanna help me
Zoey
where do we start I never know when to
start I guess we could put away the nerf
gun
you back your butt
Oh gotta get all that hair off
she liked me our
what on earth is this cable so funny how
ancient firewire is now already barley
you look at the male female dog Marley
certain this part first so I was losing
my mind so Ali is here to help me now
can't freakin do this I hate cleaning I
lose my mind I don't know where to start
basically you guys remember this
inappropriate Batman this actually came
from a McDonald's Happy Meal toy avert
your eyes okay if you're young avert
your eyes he's also got like the power
fist with the other no we got to keep
fapping Batman especially cuz that's an
epic toy fail that actually happened
Marley is this waiting to investigate
all these packages so should we do am a
vlog tomorrow definitely doing a mail
vlog tomorrow so I guess yeah you're
over this little guy if you guys have
never seen me prank the hell out of Ali
with her Nintendo 3ds links out there in
the description or click here on the
screen there's an annotation go watch it
far the maddest I've ever seen Ali in my
entire life
so I think that's the tone I just lost
you know what like when you ears we talk
about this all the time with your ear
rings I just lost the frequency Zoey I
need to start reconverting stuff back to
digital the CTFxC throwbacks what he has
things should reduce more CTFxC
throwbacks oh I have light back here oh
my god look buddy found cleaning his
office Lucy your best moves I feel like
I'm watching the kid who did this video
a long time ago the lightsabre kid or
maybe zach elfin act is having a
lightsaber toy for the first time ever
you just cut your own leg off do you
realize that your crotch off can't grab
the blade of a white saver you do what
everyone I guess technically the beam I
don't know what your motto J's videos
never grow up get momentum like turn
once first and then jumps not while
you're swinging at my head he's
literally gonna do this all night
No stop your cutting your head off he
won't work on your butt well I want to
work I broke it it works on Marley
so Ally's showing me the proper way of
doing it Star Wars nerd I guess we're
gonna watch tonight oh it works on my
butt she's right there
I can I give you a carrot the new thing
is like every time Marley hears me just
cutting things or just like what I peel
a carrot she just comes out of nowhere
as if it's a dog treat
I just realized with all the candles it
looks like we're having a frickin say on
from here look at this ally come in here
looks like your conjuring somebody
what do you think Internet is this too
many candles oh man you know what guys
this is my very first pumpkin themed
dessert of the season which I'm kind of
embarrassed about yeah it's pretty
crappy what I know I I'm sort of
dropping the ball on this one I'm
dropping the ball on fall but I'm having
a pumpkin cheesecake it's gonna be
everywhere you fall asleep says oh you
know I'm just hanging out with you I'm
just watching your food making sure it's
not going anywhere so before it's people
in the comments are saying
Charles act your age I feel like I
should hit it head-on first to that I
say what does that even mean to AK your
age does that mean basically do what
everyone else does just because everyone
else is doing it that's what society
says life is all about to me but doing
whatever makes you happy
as long as you're happy and as long as
you're basically not hurting anyone then
 do whatever you want as far as
I'm concerned that definitely wasn't as
cool as I was hoping it would be I was
gonna use that static effect but it was
too much do what makes you happy
don't hurt anyone and stay positive
that's pretty much it that in the whole
like dress your age thing stupid as far
as I'm concerned I'll dress like this
until I'm 80 I'll look like an 80 year
old 20 year old I don't care
makes me happy doesn't affect anyone
well it's that time of the video where
we say goodnight and end the video I
hope you guys enjoyed today's video as
always and if you're brand new but don't
forget to subscribe so we can see you
guys every single day and don't forget
to click the little like button so we
know you guys enjoyed the video we'll
see you guys tomorrow as always have a
great night doodles
what you did
psst
with child tripping
it would be an ally
you
