good hello Internet I'm very excited
because today I am taking my mom
shopping as a late birthday gift because
my grandmother her mom gave her some
money to go shopping with and she always
brings me along with her as her fashion
advisor what do you do I think every
time Ali leaves that's what she looks so
pretty this is how she kisses me cuz she
has the crap all over this lips you hate
it well the gunk
I hate lip gloss why do you look so
scared
thank you this is our first stop took us
about an hour to get parking it's really
crazy I'm forgetting that we're getting
really close to the holidays and
shopping is getting nuts all right let's
go take it off so a mom and I are twins
we're legit getting matching shirts
right
no William trickle white wine please so
Ali took Lauren shopping for her
birthday and that means I get to hang
with the girls and play video games all
day it sounds like a good day to me we
could try to beat the grand theft auto
also means I can turn the surround sound
totally up and I won't be bothering
anyone
and I came up with jammies and socks hmm
so it moves Tauruses we didn't have any
luck last night we didn't end up getting
the matching twins sure no they were
married you next time so now we're on a
denim showdown we're hunting hunting so
I always been enjoying this who's been
getting your belly rub the whole time
What's Wrong MA so you stopped for a
second
I'm sorry stops I stopped ditching your
billions he gets angry
thank you for slowing it down I still
don't understand that was such a
successful day shopping I'm so happy
late birthday so awesome you guys I'm
telling you if you want to get like
really cool nice quality like designer
stuff go to an outlet store don't go
right away to the designer I mean like
if you can afford it that's beautiful to
be able to just buy it right away but
not everybody can do that and you know
some people can but I prefer to just
like look at the outlets first cuz you
can find something great and it's way
less money it's just awesome we found so
much good stuff for like over half off
every single item so I just realized I
know we said it in yesterday's vlog but
I'm realizing how soon our anniversary
is it's blowing my mind right now that
we're going to be married for two years
on November 20th that's next Wednesday I
have no idea what we're going to do
someone told me that this anniversary
the gift is supposed to be cotton so we
bought each other a new set of sheets
for our new bed because that counts as
our cotton wedding gifts one another
or anniversary gift I mean so I think
were probably gonna go out to dinner
what are really fancy with stuff like
that sometimes Charles will buy me
jewelry like for random stuff but it's
almost never for like a real thing like
on Valentine's Day we just went to
dinner we didn't do anything fancy we're
just not that way and you know there's
nothing wrong with it if you are I think
it's really special whatever you do in
your relationship is what makes it
special I think you know you can do
whatever you want what makes you
personally happy so we just love going
out to eat so that's what we usually end
up doing but we did actually get
ourselves the sheets that I just
remembered that tell ya I know girls I
partly because of dotto
I know that's a good game yeah so for
those who have beaten this game already
and I was just curious which route of
route route or route I took
I chose seat for those of you guys who
have not played the game or anything
like that it's not a spoiler I just
chose C I'm actually kind of curious if
you guys have played and beat GTA 5 as
well tell me did you choose a B or C
tell me in the comments I want to see
how many people chose C like I did I get
so excited about video games a days I
honestly don't play video games for the
gameplay anymore I honestly just play
for the cutscenes because it's like
watching a freaking movie a $60 movie
and then of course I have to watch the
entire credits just the cases there's
something at the end
marli what are you doing up there I blew
on your butt I guess is my final
assessment I have so many issues this is
kind of funny that they do this final
assessment like that now I'm curious I'm
making my mom look it up what the gifts
are for each year of your wedding
anniversary how did that get started you
guys if you know the history of that
please tell me in the comments because
I'm so interested in why there's a
specific type of material for each
anniversary I guess like each year it
gets nicer or something I don't know I
think it's difficult for the girl and
the guy to know what to get one another
so maybe it's like a sort of a gift
buying guide maybe that's why I got
started
at traditional and then the modern
church so what's traditional four-year -
yeah okay now that I beat this game
before February 2014 my guy thought I
thought I'd not ignore you guys anymore
you guys when I go for a walk I'm gonna
be a good daddy you want to go for a
walk now y'all go for walk is staring at
me
should've done this hours ago I hate you
show me jeans lovely lovely and your top
it's so pretty oh my gosh what uh-oh
cats are about to fight this could be a
problem
there's another table yeah I love it
sorry it is soft and this is the last
top and it's adorable you happy yes
awesome
okay thanks birthdays shopping complete
my face at my fashion advisor
oh Jesus round two butter of God dog
food girls are insane done
oh my god why are you insane this is the
first time we just realized that Charles
has gone anywhere in public without his
hat and I told him he looks like an
escaped mental patient cross where am i
what you're totally an escaped mental
patient how's it going oh good now
you're making friends with other crazy
people that's perfect I was cool he had
a dog it was a tunnel leashes just
wandering around everybody was wait next
one though wasn't like no cool it was
not the opposite of what Marley does
yeah so this is the first time out of
the mental hospital I decided to eat
kind of healthy right now got some
chicken with olive oil and we're cooking
some olive oil and some veggies I got
some onion in my eye right now ah why
does it hurt why is it why do onions do
that what's even weirder about the onion
situations that people have like all
those different remedies like if you
chew gum or if you dab water under your
eyes or if you have a washcloth around
your neck why is it like that that's so
weird
Thanks who's gonna eat that cookie I see
it but I was two feet taller
what cookie the c-word in our house is
completely different than any other
house I think movie time mother movie
time ready to watch the movie time for
the movie time good luck with all these
bleeps mother damn
 movie time and since I'm
freakin lazy time I'm just gonna open up
Netflix and see what we can rent this is
a friendly reminder guys if you guys
didn't know CTFxC has a free one-month
trial at netflix if you go to Netflix
compsat CTFxC you watch free movies and
TV shows for one month basically go
there check it out and then tell me in
the comments your favorite TV show or
movie to watch and I will check it out
cuz there's so much stuff on here and I
just don't know what to do so what movie
do you want to watch I don't know all
right guys it's time to end video thank
you guys so much for watching today and
don't forget that those new shirts are
gonna be coming out next one day I'm
super stoked about that I think we're
trying to tweak the design just a little
bit to clean it up but
it's gonna be so awesome and I'm just so
glad that we got everything approved and
started and it's gonna be great and I
can't wait for you guys to get them and
to see them in person because they're
gonna look wonderful please be sure to
subscribe if you have not done that
already and also please don't forget to
like this video it kind of lets us know
that you guys enjoyed your time here and
we hope to see you guys tomorrow as
always what are you yelling about
it's apparently snuggle time alright
everybody thanks again for watching and
we'll see you tomorrow good night to say
it Jack he's insane
you guys knew that though
wait
worse yet sexy
with trippy
with trip in early
you
