good morning Internet another doctor
appointment and it's not me it's Ali I
started having that this really intense
like weird pain in my left breast which
I know that sounds really weird never
said that before kind of lock people
have told me that usually like pain is
good indication that it's not anything
serious but I went to my gynecologist
and she wants to do an ultrasound on it
just to be sure
so today's Ali's doctor day your blood
drawn at what time later ah
really yeah I thought I got out of that
this week I was out of gas again we like
to push it don't we yeah anyway I got
some good news guys I talked with a few
people and we're gonna be able to make
those CTFxC against cancer t-shirts what
that means is that all the profits are
all the proceeds from this shirt are
gonna go to funding brain cancer
research basically the CTFxC is gonna
help destroy brain cancer hopefully so I
will find out the date but I think it'll
be next week sometime I'm just talking
to dftba and see when we can actually do
it
charity's cancer it's gonna be basically
CTFxC charity the cancer that's what
this these shirts are called
like I said this is all going to charity
all the profits which is really awesome
and I think this is one of those things
that 1.2 million of you guys can do as
like a community this is definitely a
pretty good example what what a group of
people can do together and I will let
you guys know make sure to follow me on
Twitter but I will let you guys know out
here definitely the date that would
these will go on sale all right so it's
Ali's terms of the doctor doctor time
okay bye I love you elevator music boy I
don't like the sound of the machine I'm
not that scared I I'm just a lot of pain
but they told me that pain is good
because it means that it's not usually
anything bad getting my boob poked by an
ultrasound machine
now go ahead and put your finger on it
again coolest sign ever by the way
Internet how's your Movember going so
far feel like mine's going pretty damn
good thank God
nasty what do you think should I keep
the beard after November I always have
the same question I get really attached
to my beard but then I always feel like
when I shave it I lose like fifty pounds
on my face
so let's check the progress in the pool
alright so they obviously made this a
little wider on the left side as you can
tell there's our new pool way down there
jump in and this is the new swim out
because we're gonna get rid of that
stupid ugly thing this is gonna be cool
like how we extended that step for those
people we redesign our pool so the dogs
can swim more well there are Q swimmers
remember ah yesterday I was talking
about being impatient because they don't
want to wait for the iPad well it came
like four days early so it's actually
here so now I feel stupid couldn't wait
a day importance dev I need to get a new
yeah I admit it that was pretty dumb so
I totally admit a very very impatient I
always have been one more time what did
you say
so Holly wants me to reiterate the fact
that I'm omitting the fact that I'm
impatient I wanna just make a gift of
that going I admit I'm very impatient I
admit I'm very impatient like porn for
women there were women porn is this if
husband admitting their patient are
being a joke it is Friday so that means
the weekly contributed contribution that
the word
I'm just trying to let you come up with
uh I got the word contribution to the
local vampires it means I gotta give my
bloody and which is oh my god what I
can't make fun of you know I was like an
airfare pass their Highway in that way
mine's a lot better than yours Marley's
running the fund just wants to ruin
everything
no humping no humping my dogs are going
crazy see it's never about the thing
inside the box it's always the stuff
that clean our stuff's the box
I'm just gonna let this keep recording
for a one-take err just having more fun
Zoe or Allie
briar and spray your unruly children
with it how mad do you think Charles
would be if he came home and this is how
I decorated our room I think I should do
it hey girls just playing some GTA with
me I cannot believe I'm only 50% on this
damn game this is the longest I've ever
had to play a video game ever at this
rate I'll be done by February 2014
maybe oh I'm there right now but another
candle it's really good it's really good
when I promise you wanna smell it oh you
like it that's too much there's like
Christmas trees and cinnamon and then
like an apple pie in there I'm sorry you
just named three things that I would
love for my house it's my life how is
that too much it smells good though we
got the approval we're gonna be doing
the CTFxC against brain cancer shirts
and just wanted to show you guys all the
t-shirt designs all the colors I'm
trying to make is made possible right
there if you want to see all of them
they'll be on our Facebook which is
facebook.com slash internet killed TV
but they'll be available on the 20th
next Wednesday is our anniversary our TV
anniversary we have a bunch of different
colors this time that way everyone's
happy but yeah those will all be
available on Wednesday the 20th that
CTFxC merce calm I'm so happy this is
one of the this is one I've honestly the
best most excited shirt launches that
we've ever done we're gonna try to skew
it in there you did it hey
they move over it's a big dog in a tiny
little space we left Marlene the other
side of the house I just love hearing
the the pitter-patter of her feet as she
gets closer closer alright guys it is
about time for us to head to bed I just
wanted to kind of brief you guys on this
I think I tweeted about it but I
completely forgot to vlog it I had an
ultrasound done on my left breast as you
guys saw and everything ended up fine
the lady was you know asking me like
what was going on and what was happening
with the pain that I was feeling and
where I was feeling it and she just kind
of looked around and so I don't remember
exactly the words that the nurse used
but it was something like just fibrous
something dense tissue I don't know it
was something completely normal and she
said it wasn't abnormal for people under
stress or with fluctuating hormones to
have like painful dense areas of that
tissue
unfortunately for women yeah another
thing that's just normal pain for us
what are you doing doctor why is the
same guy oh you're pretty baby
you think we're nice so you know long
story short and bottom line is that
everything is fine I'm going to follow
up with my OBGYN just to make sure that
there's nothing else that she wants me
to do and you know everything's gonna be
just fine so no worries everything's
good we're clear gonna get back to
worrying about this guy this guy you do
some curls Marley girls Marley girls
she's getting so chunky I can actually
do this and gain some muscle
all right guys so that's it for today's
video thank you guys so much for
watching if you guys have not already
please remember to subscribe it's free
awesome and it means we get to see you
guys every single day also please don't
forget to click the like button thumbs
up this video blah blah blah you know
the drill guys alright we'll see you
guys tomorrow as always thanks again for
watching love you guys
doodles boom that's our double tools
since I forgot yesterday
total double tools and
see what you did
it's coming our waiter
yes
giddy with y'all trippin
us with chathurthi
don't forget so anymore
you
