but your happy dance good morning
Internet how's it going it's my favorite
sweater of yours by the way and jeans
make your butt look nice it's okay I'm
allowed to since I'm married to her
nobody else is allowed to say that only
me only me I'll fight you otherwise so
they're adjusting and adding another
step to the pool as they're widening
widening the Zoe step as we like to call
it I think I'm just gonna eat a cookie
by the way if you guys haven't seen
cheap chocolates cookie dance video then
we were talking about earlier go watch
it I'll put a link in the description
they did an amazing amazing job and I
only wish I was able to fly out there so
I could have been a part of it give them
to your pronto whoever the mom is but
she does a little rabbit squint that's
pretty adorable too yeah your mom makes
the best cookies and she's like like
that not like the nicest eight so that's
not adorable at all this is been so cold
I woke up at Zoey was underneath my arm
just snuggling was pretty adorable so my
iPad guys get ready for this prepare
your fingers fingers at the ready to
make fun of Charles super hardcore right
now I don't feel like it's that bad so
Danny and I pre-ordered the iPad Mini
because all year we've been talking
about getting it for the Wi-Fi boys so I
ordered it not knowing you can pick it
up at the store yesterday we wouldn't
return the iPad air lady said ya know
I've had minis available but not here
you can't buy it she didn't tell me that
I could buy it right next to me oh I
know I was upset to Zoey
so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna buy it
and while the other ones shipping
because the other ones anything in China
and transit but get the best buy one I'm
gonna play with it for the next five
days and then I'll take back the best
buy one or the other
comes that's totally normal what it's
not that bad
you guys can make fun of me all you want
but I don't care tell me does that
classify as an addiction or stupidity I
feel like it does it's it's on the edge
of stupidity so I got a couple
prototypes made Pam Zoe like the Chi
agrees thinking about making these we
just gotta find like a charity that will
accept it and set it up for us so it's
charity well and then what we'll do is
that like all the proceeds will go to
brain cancer research speaking of the
gray ribbon who else is doing no-shave
November for brain cancer awareness and
prostate cancer we're doubling it up
this year but how's yours going yellow
peach fuzz wait for the for good luck
man already camping out that is crazy
that do is wait for ps4 I think that's
like three days from now the two or
three days what days days I took back my
air and I'm like mine is actually coming
in the mail and like four days before he
did I actually offered to like buy his
and take it to him early as a friend but
he said he didn't wanted to do that he
wants to just wait so I guess I guess
I'm cheating on Danny right now but at
least I made it know that I offered my
admit that this is a dumbest thing I've
probably done it a long time however I'm
just super fucking impatient walk walk
walk so I keep meaning to talk to you
guys about like one thing I've really
noticed about eating healthy and
stopping drinking is that I've lost like
a ton of like just crappy weight I face
this feels skinnier am I like my stomach
feels skinnier it's kind of funny how
you kind of forget about the little
things where you just like have some
Cheetos special on tour I think on tour
I eat the worst but I also eat the best
I know for example I drink the most
water and tour especially Warped Tour
the read a lot in the comments and a lot
of six years I've been doing the juicing
slash smoothie diet with us tell us in
the comments if you notice the
difference I feel like after day one I
noticed a difference this may be one of
the dumbest things I've ever said but
just bear with me guys have you ever
wondered like if a dog bar
and a cat meows if they can understand
each other because there are animals
like if they can like transcode it I
wonder if it's like that or if it's like
when somebody speaks a different
language that or if there's educated
cats out there that have learned how to
speak dog or dogs who have educated
themselves on how to speak bird see
these are just some of the things I
think about guys random thoughts
withdrawals don't just sit there and act
like you've never thought about
something like that
honestly I think about the weirdest
things when I'm just walking it's just
like comes in my head I'm like you know
what I should get the camera put this on
the internet so I always remember how
dumb I was this is why I like dogs more
than cats
no offense Internet if you can't do this
to a Cat Cat ago but dogs just like keep
going to cool you know and I rub my face
a little bit I think it is I'm just too
rough with cats because I'm used to dog
what if my bitch is that get out of
there it just runs away so I'm gonna try
to make gluten-free applesauce muffins
let's try that that looks disgusting
worth a shot I actually wanted to ask
you guys cuz just reading all the
comments from my Instagram so I made a
couple prototypes as you can see they're
not technically for sale I actually got
these made for just friends and family
right now but I wanted to gauge your
guys's opinions if we should make these
what I was thinking about is if we make
these the profits would all go to brain
cancer research all the profits from
these t-shirts would go to brain cancer
research and funds like that so I
thought that would be kind of cool you
know the CTFxC is a million strong I
thought that would be a good kind of
kind of cool thing we could do so let us
know in the comments if you guys think
we should make these t-shirts because
I'm definitely not going through this
alone I know there's unfortunately other
people that are suffering from the
stupid freaking disease disease I should
say I can't tell if that smells good or
bad
looks good I think oh it's burning I
can't tell what that is
mm-hmm well says I did the recipe right
laughter claws scuttling hey what
Oh got my big ears on let's get this out
smells kind of good
well like fired and I love like normal
muffins right yeah we pretty good that's
the official way to check them just
stabbed my finger while they're hot
moment of truth mmm not bad okay oh yeah
high-five aliens making juice with a
bunch of things that we've never done
before they're asparagus so I had an
idea that we should have spinach and the
asparagus together and then paste that
just without anything else that's
delicious with the chicken it tasted
delicious
however the aftermath is really weird it
makes your peas really stinky no I got
to try first uh does the weirdest taste
you put a lemon to that oh no what makes
it a tart is that the asparagus
asparagus okay was that just the
asparagus the minute please stop I love
that squeal she does all right Internet
is time to fall asleep I am so tired
aren't school versus oh it's good over
I'm not going over there
that's fart that's fart Haven right
there that's a bad place to be so I'll
see you guys tomorrow as always if you
guys are brand new to these videos as I
always say don't forget to subscribe I
know we say that after every video and
the reason why we do is because a lot of
people don't know about the subscribe
button you actually be very surprised
also a fun little feature if you guys
didn't know click the little like button
that way it tells Allie and I Zoey
Marley that you guys enjoyed the video
fun little
indication and only takes a second so
I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
have a great night
love you guys
wait
words may be a sexy
giddy with y'all trippin
worst
with Dirty Harry don't forget
you
