and we begin good morning guys
resurfacing the pool so it doesn't look
like crap anymore
you notice that goop or crap right now I
promise it'll look awesome
all right we're going to my favorite
place on earth and he guessed this in
the comments
he gets this it the fruit the delicious
fruit then I had one this morning so I
got the okay to have decaf coffee I'm
excited
coffee coffee coffee coffee my first
coffee like five or six months
decaf though it's decaf so I want to say
thank you to anyone who tweeted me at
coffee this is all thanks to you sneaky
I want a q-tip
it's very long q-tip for touching your
brain you put my brain with it like a
star away this is your frontal lobe it
goes to about think so where was the
tumor if you guys actually want to see
the tumor just look at the actual
surgery video but if you guys are
squeamish I tell you I'll show you on
this big thing she was right here right
there it's pretty it's like that section
alright I'm this right here it's like
where your supplementary motor area that
kind of starts and your primary motor
cortex I think apparently take this
whole section out when they used to
lobotomize people they would just like
we're about they were just like
basically like got the frontal lobe how
are they trial and error that I think
they still sometimes do it not as much
anymore but people who have really bad
epilepsy they would split your corpus
callosum which is the thing that
connects the two hemispheres of your
brain and then it would make it really
hard for you to like make decisions and
stuff cuz like you would be wanting one
thing but then like you would get
something else really yeah like there
was this woman who was doing an
interview after she had the surgery done
and she would say she would walk in her
closet every day to try and pick an
outfit that she wanted oh and she would
pick a different one with her other hand
that's so weird
didn't she couldn't like she it would be
like a battle like she wouldn't be able
to pick one brain is such a crazy thing
okay sorry
I think I'm freaked I think every single
time I hear what's in here
it's so nice out I had to take the girls
on a little golf cart ride can't really
cope get coffee and cookies and stuff
like that but we can stick around to
drive around the house and stuff that
sound good
probably no jumping for squirrels okay
getting cold finally what you get so the
amazing people at playlist live Eileen
and uh Kevin send me a cookie bouquet I
want to show you the cookies that is so
awesome
this is badass camera Wi-Fi YouTube so I
wanna say thank you to guys that
playlist guys and girls that playlist
that's amazing I've never seen a cookie
bouquet versus a custom one super-quiet
for me daily Samsung so I was like
looking sorry she's sitting so pretty
and begging
she never begs check guys down here guys
right here Zoey's really obsessed with
this that's you yesterday
this saddest and cutest thing okay Jojo
we don't have a release date or a
pre-order date but the new album will be
out by the end of the year and I'm just
listening to the new song strive to send
some demos I'm pretty stoked I just
can't wait to give this album out cuz
we've been working on it for over a year
and you guys been supporting us the
entire time am i yelling I don't feel
like I'm yelling
so Lauren heard of the thing called
pumpkin squash spaghetti squash you
roast it then you just kind of peel it
out it looks like angel how angel hair
pasta I guess you can put like you know
spaghetti sauce on there too which I'm
going to try now if you can't eat pasta
highly recommend spaghetti squash
I almost said pumpkin squash again it's
kind of crazy barley can't have it
all right with sauce legit Lauren the
cook I was never a pasta fan and now I
know this is like super healthy for you
too
squash is badass somebody asked me what
are the things I hate most about you
healthy and oddly enough they both come
from a banana and I will show you number
one the end of the banana aka Satan's
anus and then number two these stringy
things that are on bananas like what the
fuck is this so I get up for five
seconds to go pee and I come back and I
guess I didn't call see check I just
want to show you what she does so it's
Zoey dead weight it's actually kind of
cute okay come on come on just slide the
slide over you don't have to move all
the way over please move over
yeah
really good thank you okay that was easy
so nice
please don't fart on me babe come on
babe come on babe
brandy yeah you're Handy's my favorite
but babe babe come on What's Wrong babe
creepy looking back in your tail work
cuz you snuck in there she knows
strawberries and carrots are coming out
feel a little tail there are a few times
where other wags are kale been sucked in
Grand Theft Auto for the past way too
long I don't even know how long
Allie where are you you in the office
nothing you playing with photobooth okay
I forgot that all these really funny
ones are on here an idea a cut-down
computer pump chill
so eh come on edit the video I know
we're crazy guys we crazy dog people
look so sad you're sad frog I had big
what is going on look sideways my
cranium is too large for you to handle
sorry some songs I know guys I feel like
that's what Zoe thinks of Marley alright
guys that's it for today's video thank
you guys so much for watching if you
have not already subscribed please be
sure to do so and also click like to let
us know that you guys enjoyed the video
today oh my god you're so creepy thanks
for watching guys we'll see you guys
tomorrow
Oh put the sticky one I love you but I
gotta leave something good oh then
that's a bad one
he attacks me
which all tripping
we're
with drippy
anymore
you
