okay glass say good morning to the
Internet hey guys so today's the doctor
day it's not too bad alright too much
caffeine so I gotta go get this like
head doctor evaluation okay think okay
okay put on Google glass what was that
noise was that you falls over say I love
you just I trust you
okay Internet don't make fun of me last
night
Danny and I both woke up at 3 a.m. and
ordered their iPad retina and mini so I
am taking this guy back and the Wi-Fi
boys have to have matching iPads of
course okay I guess you can't make fun
of me do you want to wear a Google glass
I think your heads big enough okay come
on cyborg dog huh hey be careful as
Fisher didn't drop it stay I'll be back
and wonder she can see it how under
she's no dogs will take over the world
you're sooo spazzy you know what you
want is that I'm gonna itch no I don't
do you think if I walk in the Apple
Store with these on I'll get immediately
banished
well so that boring test was an adv test
and apparently I do not have a DD so I
can no longer claim that I do I think
now you know what that just means you're
a dick it means don't pay attention
because you don't want to I do have a
multitasking issue where I can't I get
frazzled
well we already knew that so the lady
said I'm pretty much normal which was a
good baseline to have the only thing I
had issues with weren't like numbers
Internet wouldn't test you guys don't
type these in the comments until one
second after I finished four to one six
seven to seven eight nine nine write in
the comments now if you remember those
so I just got them from a doctor's
appointment decided to get some food
what's your name Raven Raven so raven oh
my god that things are like way better
there's moderate Ravens Ali trying to
drive I wanted to kill somebody Internet
be honest you like me walking like this
every once in a while I think it's kind
of cool
watch out
I feel like really can you see the
cellar next single to music everyone has
everyone hates hold music but now we
know we are holding we're dancing
I'll do the robot down looks like
they're doing the fool finally finally
doing the pool is your pool getting
cleaned no we're not doing a giant
squirrel she wants a giant squirrel at
the bottom ok what do you want you guys
you're gonna stay here
CatDog you're gonna stay like that like
a little Egyptian cat doctor the doctor
today and since we were trying to cut
out breads and carbs and things like
that they suggested old grains like
buckwheat so I'm gonna try to make
buckwheat pancakes blueberry pancakes do
you want Brenner oh you guys wanna see
the secret how we get Zoey to talk
they're Monica right you guys wanna see
the secret how we get Zoey to talk to
her Monica right you got a dentist right
you gotta straighten that neck Joey
never really realized how many different
types of apples there are Johnny
Appleseed he was busy it's so good then
they have to put this like right here
these are the best ones Danny would get
him on tour that would eat them all
he'll always be quick curious on why the
hell he's disappeared
naturally I never told him don't put the
whole thing out enjoy it mm-hmm
favorite feels like cheating stop
whistling that alley keeps whistling the
new songs you know the whistle those
what else I got
72% cacao cacao and thanks to the
internet we were going to try these
radar for dinner if you guys are still
trying to figure it out breakfast for
dinner it's the best thing in the world
is the first time ever trying buck buck
wheat McCoy I got a dollar
I got a dollar my test pancake I don't
like to brag but I think I'm like the
the king of pancake making who's jealous
okay first time ever trying buckwheat
pancakes it's pretty good I've been
craving pancakes and it's my only way to
doing this and I got organic honey - mmm
bee vomit no what is it a frog at her
house
this imagine if a giant was doing that
to you Walmart is a blueberry so Charles
is trying to make me eat cranberries
again and I didn't want to do that so
what I did was like cut up a lemon and I
put the lemon pieces inside the freezer
so I'm gonna wait until the lemons like
I'm gonna leave them in for 515 minutes
and wait till it gets super cold and I'm
gonna shower contest can buy it the
longest because you can't bite cold
stuff there you bite ice cream who biked
ice cream you ready for this you're
going down so what are the rules there
aren't any rules you just bite it and
see who's got it
so the rules are the longest the better
one
there hurts that's horrible it hurts 19
ah why am I still doing it I don't know
I told you it was gonna be awful
is that timeout Dottie the frozen this
is a dumb idea I blame you but my name
is here
well you can't it's a it's something on
my back I always find a Lee or a wall
like a bear
all right down to the left down up up a
little bit down does this I do this in
public to really like a bear it's a tree
ah is that work well this is adorable
so these chicken leg is just completely
hanging off the bed chicken legs are so
cute
okay guys thank you very much for
watching today's video if you enjoyed it
please be sure to click down there
right breakdown there we go right down
there click the like button thumbs up
this video let us know that you guys
enjoyed it if you are brand new please
don't forget to click the subscribe
button as we would love to see you back
here every day with us alright guys
that's it for today's video thank you
guys again for watching and as always we
will see you tomorrow - don't stop
wait
with child tripping
it would be an alley
you
