mopping the floor would be my and she's
gone you don't want to hang out T's
don't want to go lizard just got an
email from Guinness they officially
updated the CTFxC internet cult
television our world record not just
mine at just Ali's but ours your guys is
too I'm just filling out all the
information so that way they can shift
the new one over here most consecutive
daily personal blogs posted on YouTube
is three thousand fifty seven videos and
was achieved by Charles Trippy aka CTFxC
USA on the YouTube vlog internet kill TV
as of September 14 2007 man seeing that
number three thousand fifty seven still
blows me away but we did it CTFxC we are
now updated in the record books if
everything is when they act like Bugs
Bunny there you go you don't want yours
you want to feed it to you there you go
big yawn you might want to do it because
this ones would eat all of it right
there quit yawning I'm telling you she's
gonna take all of it since all my base
equipment is either in storage or at a
rehearsal studio or like a I can't
remember where it all is my Aunt Peg a
10 I was getting really really antsy
about not being able to play with
anything so I decided just to go get a
nice little MPEG like combo amp just so
that way I have something to play at
home because I'm so tired of not playing
cuz you ran so much probably want to get
a nice little combo m16
like everything about coming to like
Guitar Center or any of those likes a
mash it's like everyone's playing
something different it's like usually
hear somebody playing Metallica
you always hear stare where the heaven
you hear understand man you want to
ukulele we should have got you one in
Hawaii this is just an interesting
tuning I think but I don't think it's
too complicated just got to know the
tuning I just don't know the tuning at
all do you want your knees out that's
all you need I could be that maybe I
could join maybe kings play this
instrument right so you got yourself
something good I decided to go with the
fender combo they rumbled 25 see three
just because there's something I could
have at the house I was gonna get
another a peg but
the sandwich crisper a little bit
crisper small enough but it powerful
enough yeah I mean it gets the job done
for what I do just at the house why
don't you park I always get confused I
feel like I can never find more apart
the blend is bet you need your glasses
let's go apparently what apparently you
buy an amp and you get a little mini
crap you're so annoying
a hand sorry sorry my foot slip anyway
it's my mom's birthday today watching
this and killing me right now I think
that's this got it'll figure it out
something for my mom they're so clever
here it's like blue flubber
so we're long time ago I went to this
store it's gold flash right it's a soap
story but everything looks like food and
this is where it gets kind of confusing
so that samples of soap I thought it was
sent me some food that looked delicious
I eat so it was horrible
ketchup video money
already one two three fly it's like my
world is like coming home to them
because it's like the haughtiness in
yours oh hi guys
you guys got out of getting a bath again
today go for a walk oh my gosh look at
this
you're so funny you can't even wait two
minutes before we get in the house to
open that up
oh that's why because he actually needed
it or if you got it because he remembers
that so we liked it so much when he
would play his bass that she would lay
right next to it and the cat is now kind
of like picking up on that same vibe so
I'm like did you buy this and for the
cat and the dog or need to buy this
stamp for you Brazilian we good that's
that's what I thought
it's not big enough though the SVG's the
SBT is like up to here it's including
the the cab is up to here but then what
the SPP it's up to here so want to play
on stage all the time this is the
beautiful part of having our little
kitten wait what do you get a little paw
prints off I want to show that one of
the show a little paw prints sorry ma'am
I can wait wait together you took the
paw prints off I wanted to show him the
paw prints I never have to do it oh you
did where's she please don't do that
um no exist Rica I'm not kidding she was
right here
no she was
where was she was this in here I think I
filmed she was in there meeting that's
the last time I saw her
you mean you're dead hey I don't even
want to know who dis much buddy yeah
free toys do you think she came for sure
those that was your job the worst part
is that this matches are this matches
her and pretty much everything else that
matches her all right if she needs know
that cheat soon as he was right there
needing promise yes what maybe it she
did that she chased up to the broom I
miss you oh she was not at you I handed
her to you I love you but I'm the karate
chop you did it again all right
I don't want to check my blood pressure
right now just to see what that was like
we lost her what we found her lots a
little game at Lost and Found never
hurts anything is she purring I just got
like so freaked out I was like if she
got outside I just I like I know it
sense to it but I just think about the
Coyotes in her neighborhood and I'm like
I'm a coyote got oranges
you can't burn out that's what it would
feel like see
oh is this on camera here let me pose
don't be dumb don't worry yeah don't
worry it makes this whole situation a
little bit better
don't worry about me Dada Dada Dada Dada
don't worry Tom don't worry about me
what's a joke you deserve it cuz he
freaking lost her loser she ran away
Rica you get to go to the vet you do not
scare us
okay Rika needs to come to the vet we
don't have you lost her she went back to
the streets you know what's gonna sad is
that her blue eyes are gone no they're
still there yes I love you my little bat
all right my pictures are gonna walk the
dog in her bat he's running into things
to bother her hey you okay oh you do
like your new house I think this is
pretty cool
welcome to my cat out you want your Pig
yeah she's getting browner Oh Charles
Trippy you're gonna give me a heart
attack
you understand that when we have
children you can't just like put them
down somewhere and then walk away I
thought you had her is a joke you
weren't know this you're just playing a
joke on me right now
no I didn't you seriously are like you
didn't purposely set her down why would
I why Stacy it was your Pig come on guys
crushing it yesterday I did what was it
two hundred and twelve percent of my
activity I crushed everybody I crushed
Ally I crushed Bryan and Missy laning I
crushed Danny Ben snacks who lost my
crush Derek I Melissa I just destroyed
everyone yesterday and today Holly's
destroying every book this is awesome
it's been turning into an awesome game
142 okay let's see what - here's 130 so
Ally is that 143 right now
I'm at 141 all right it's got to do some
jumping jacks or something yeah
this thing is gonna end friendships
social with everyone who's super
competitive
here
