what's that I'm excited and nervous at
the same time oh there's your grandpa
visors these as if it's not weird enough
to wear this they give you these the
nineteen eighties visor things they
might look cool on me
there are cyborgs where's John Connor
you're the t1000 it looks like a Scouter
from Dragon Ball Z power that little
reading is weird oh my god this is
really not even real life is that weird
I don't know what to do right now I've
been Minority Report it's weird when
someone's looking at it because it's
like you're off in space somewhere I'm
not looking like at anybody or anything
I'm just looking I want to walk around
with this in public today it's one we're
dealing where that's all day k now I'm a
cyborg what's up dude hello yeah they
should have to follow the pool Oh was
that appeal your appeal me what happened
does it really yes send a message to
Charles Trippy stop blogging me while
I'm using Google glass Marley no there
not be any poop there come here come on
you little dickhead
would you do yeah you know you just did
Zoey who are you
come here hey hi hi
yes okay class
search for something or ask I don't how
do I do that how do I cook spaghetti
squash I can't my glut my eyes they tilt
your head down
is it scrolling no is there not a lot of
information on the page no there's not
what does it say well now it disappeared
how do I have to outside how to cook
spaghetti squash oh my god this is so
weird
no I don't want to do that I want to
roast it okay guys so Ally just caught
me because I couldn't forgot to take
this tape off from when we did the
slow-motion stuff so I figured I'd do
this all on my first burst and as you
can see he's still there she just caught
me everything is better in first-person
run of a bitch
this could be a really interesting way
of vlogging now you guys would literally
see what I see every single day what
this course you do take a walk with me
Internet what are you doing I'm bored
bored bored bored hello Zoe hanging out
why are you looking my finger no food
there we go do something now I don't
let's steal the car I can't if I steal
it the first time we're going in public
with this thing how many how many weird
looks are we gonna get ha it's not
turning on why isn't it turning on I'm
just gonna start telling people that
this these are like x-rays like specks
we really weird those like yeah these
are x-ray vision and just look up and
dad just scare people I'm trying to
figure out all cool little ways to use
this thing it's actually kind of
complicated but it's easy at the same
time that
any sense all those carbs look so good
no get some on your left left side yeah
you got it a little higher oh hi
where is it you look like you're awake
just completely zoning out do I look
normal or like looking at this like it's
like every time he starts using it I
think he's looking and talking to me and
at me but he's totally not I'm sneaking
photos everyone's gonna think I'm taking
photos of them
I am I have titanium my head do I have
to place on my head do they go into the
same I tried clips if I don't what are
clips that like more than the skull
together I don't know if you guys know
this so they take the skull up and then
they have their taxes go walking back in
and but it won't like fuse together so
they have to use metal and that's I I
think this clips and screws but I have
titanium now just in your titanium arm
or something that means such a baby
trying to be considerate the ice cream
but I like my banana ice cream way
better you lord is shout it out go get
it
big old baby make sure those glasses are
the other words upside down so this is
what it looks like guys from two angles
of vlogging this is what I'm always
doing I'm always doing it this way so
now you guys can see my cameras always
held out like this and then I'm walking
around so internet this is what you look
like right now
this is who I'm talking to all 1.2
million by the way anyone was close to
1.2 million
literally 1.2 million I think we're
there I think I'm literally looking at
this where I'm supposed to be looking at
this it's kind of weird my eyes are my
eyes I'm cross-eyed so high 5 for 1.2
million I do a high five out by five
Internet I've liked this perspective
what do you guys think should we start
using this more for the logs I kind of
like it it's an interesting perspective
that'll thinking of us is actually doing
right now so I think that become a cool
for the CTFxC what the hell is in my ice
cream Marley hair his fault that she
haunts you wherever you know
this means you like to drink and get
tape at the same time these are tape
dispensers this would be the only cool I
can't drink on the job so I'll do the
next best thing I'll just you know make
everything in my work look like I'm
drinking on a job expanding bottom
there's no way Ally can cut this make it
look exciting buying filing cabinets was
boring thing in the world no way to do
action cuts action action action this
looks like an action movie that means
Ally made it really really exciting okay
glass make me not bored okay glass give
me an ice cream doesn't work like that
WTF what are you doing messing up this
bed hey I'm talking to you don't yep
Marley what no water what's going on
okay I get you some water
shake thank you thank you for letting me
know sometimes I just don't know you
guys drink so much water careful
somebody was thirsty you drink all the
water you drink all your water yeah you
did
John Connor come with me if you want to
live how'd you get behind me oh my face
I'm gonna shoot her in the butt with me
if you want to live okay yeah I'll kill
ya I'm so proud of Zoey there's a
protector I kind of look like the evil
t1000 like this thing on like that
worse idiot sexy
giddy with child tripping
yeah
Theatre with with European Ali don't
forget to eat
