what just happened
beauty and grace wow that was that could
have ended so much work all right
getting the mother effing hot tub back
to backs of working conditions I think
in a couple days we actually can give
away another hot tub to the CTFxC for
free no I think so I'm not sure what day
guys
but I think it's the next couple days
will we actually cuz I think if we did
that last year we gave away a hot tub
not necessarily a time-machine hot tub
but a hot tub not nonetheless I can't
wait to use this because getting cold
again house dog care in there already
yeah good question Marley hair Marla's
you own the hot tub so me in the
comments today suggested apples cinnamon
chips I'm choosing takeout carbs so
there's a lot of things that I've read
but our doctor has said that it doesn't
matter I could eat them but I'm just
taking about you see if I can and
actually I feel a lot better cuz I don't
feel so bogged down anyway so we're
gonna try to make some apple chips
cinnamon apple chips they're gonna be
delicious
I guess thin as possible if you never
see Natalie do a cinnamon challenge go
to her channel right now youtube.com
slash Ally I think you'd be pretty good
Daniel actually successfully completed
the cinnamon challenge while dying I've
never done it I love cinnamon there was
why I've never done it so I don't want
to ruin cinnamon for myself bar they
want some cinnamon ha puff it up I smell
it
cinnamon I think I don't like this
challenge you don't like it try too
potent for you guys
no no the best part about this man is
probably all your candles
except for real because they're actually
doing literally an apple-cinnamon candle
there is so it's great I mean oh god the
birds found the play that was left
outside oh god what if they're eating
chicken what they're eating like a
mother bird
hmm take a little Swift of this it smell
so good
holy crap so this is Travis like I get
on the phone really quick so we got to
talk about something of the new with the
new album hey what's up dude
draft basically talking about when we're
releasing the new album good news is it
will be before the end of the year so
the we the kings brand new album that
I'm going to be on my first album with
them is going to be released by the end
of this year which I'm incredibly
excited for because all these songs are
like so good and I'm so stoked that I'm
actually gonna be part of actually on
the songs obviously keep you guys
informed on the actual dates when
pre-orders go on sale and all that fun
stuff like I said before guys like we're
talking we got to make this album go to
top of the charts I want a freaking
kitchen in the tour bus yeah I don't
wanna bring you guys to Mars like I want
to go Mario you won't go on the tour bus
so anyone going on tour bus huh it's up
through the internet that make sure you
can get on the tour bus you heard her
don't worry Marley CTFxC is badass we'll
make it happen
all right good bullseye every time
now you're gonna fight this one come on
walk before walk now it's time for our
daily nice relaxing walk so I know
torpedo pooping today okay I made sure
before she left as she went to battle
one step ahead or at least to have a
step ahead it's just so weird it's but
you can make so much stuff out of loser
your pants are falling down why are you
always wearing your pants like under
your butt because I forgot my belt and
these are a little bit I lost a lot of
weight so like they keep falling off my
butt they're gonna just fall down to my
knees I guarantee it right in front of a
small child and then you'll go to jail
so remember when I was in the hospital
and I was texting random people and
running stupid stuff on Twitter they
made absolutely no sense
Allie had my surgeon take away my phone
I just found this text message that I
had with the guy I bought the pinball
machine because I was trying to find the
original manual of The Simpsons pinball
and then now I read it right now I'll
show you guys this is like crazy
you must have thought you were texting
someone else facet drawing the Roger
came in to say guys and she about a dry
on line what the his says what I are l
him you're working on it and G days will
bring it into shoe they'll be verses
after two I think he full one your
district to GC newer addict to dear
aye-aye
next message as fax could devote P B he
texts never mind
responses be a pic ago Kevin you come
back hop through video I look cool I'm
not speaking his message is not speaking
the same language was looking for
Charles Trippy it's always embarrassing
I really glad he stopped texting you
after so he is the gray and I'm the blue
I don't remember what I was trying to
say on this this is hilarious
having some more trouble buddy they keep
falling down we need to get you a belt
son forgot woman woman girl champion
said ok mmm good good good Thank You
Internet once again keep them coming
I can't see you all right
I'm hiding in a magical row oh my pants
I'm to laundry room yeah it's not boring
that's a that's a feat incredible so it
looks like everything in the dryer so
this isn't accomplishment right now I
hate folding things absolutely hate
folding what are you doing oh you're
ridiculous
your pants are down what is wrong with
you pants off dance off wiener so we get
him felonies inappropriate this is nice
I like that you're a little guitar
spatula practicing the new song
Eagle Eye cherry for real like who's
transported back to their childhood in
the 90s right now I'll be gone dumb
tomorrow if you're doing the cooking in
here that's a pants-off dance-off off we
go whoo
I think the girl's name was Amanda that
told me about this demand of rocks and
rolls
you know that's from no where's that
taking over my project not some job babe
mmm dark chocolate ants on a log looks
like poop Internet let's come up with a
name with dark chocolate peanut butter
with ants on a log
looks like you're humping the freezer I
am Tyler
they look delicious do that Thanks all
right we're good guys bye like my towel
Thank You Internet mmm looks like an Ice
Cream Sandwich you got to try this
look Jett amazing isn't it
mmm banana like I said it before bananas
like a best fruit ever alright so that's
the end of the video hope you guys
enjoyed it guess we'll see you guys
tomorrow as always if you're brand-new
and you stumbled upon these videos don't
forget to click that subscribe button
you know there's a mirror right there
right I can totally see you don't forget
to click the like button if you enjoyed
the video it's a good indication it
always tells Ali and I what you guys
thought about the video we'll see you
guys tomorrow as always have a great
night alright love you guys
alright bye
worse yet sexy
giddy with y'all trippin
with trippy
don't forget Zoey
you
