good morning everyone feel like I'm
plugging you in are you ready to go sir
it's like ah this is like ears weird
we're about to do the live Q&A a buffer
fans urato righto I don't know if Prado
can see us I guess you can you can hear
us and see us but I don't think that we
can't hear her in your hands we can
definitely see him hahahaha
Cory doesn't know that we're doing this
but we're wearing my shirts and boxers
on the bottom so we can stand up and
show Buckley that we're doing what he
doesn't he thought was what the buck
show you say what one two pumpkin pie he
already forgot your question and now
he's just thinking about pumpkin pie
Cory guy cus on here yeah huh we had no
expectations to be honest when we
started logging when Shay started he
gave me a phone call he convinced me to
start doing as well and since computers
kind of a little faulty about losing
footage we distribute put on YouTube so
that way we can't really YouTube going
down we'll probably a bad day I'd be
like Scott I've gone down sorry we
couldn't be there guys
I'll put pants on out so we just got
done doing the a buffer fast lot QA
thank you for understanding
still going and supporting community
it's still showing the CTFxC pride since
the live version worked and a few days
ago we actually asked you guys for a
pre-taped 2qa we're gonna upload that
here the CTFxC channel so that'll be at
the end of this video or in the
description below want to give a huge
shout out to Cory and the rest of the
it's just amazing to see organize
gatherings is just awesome
come on dude those are my boxes and you
can throw in my closet that's what I do
with everything you leave on the floor
that is all the clothes that I found
around the house that is creepy Nicolas
Cage just staring cool friend so yeah I
don't know we'll look why are they
looking he was out there squirrel friend
go look for him
again it's tomorrow one goes around one
way the other goes are on the other way
around the pool it's kind of like sneak
attack just have a good tactic so
yesterday made the one ingredient ice
cream with banana so today I'm going to
try it with a strawberry obviously I say
that with strawberry male figures it out
you get a tiny one if you love those
strawberries those antioxidant sons of
bitches so this ice cream is going
totally loaded in antioxidants and then
at the suggestion of Ali I'm going to
juice it in the freezer juice basically
cuz strawberries and raspberries got
those tiny little seeds and they might
make the consistency weird so I'm making
the juice and then gonna freeze the
juice you probably love strawberry juice
couldn't find Ali Zoe or Marley so I
went to here and I found morally right
here
Marley chilling then Zoey's chilling
over here and there's Ali chilling and
one went back to bed wake up sleepyhead
nap time
Zoey wake up sleepyhead yeah so Ali and
Lauren went to go get some food some
lunch or I guess it maybe you came to
fight some dinner what do you want fizz
pops up they start moving around she's
what yeah I'm gonna tell them
your butt itches I don't think they care
about do you guys care about Marley's
but itching its kind of weird anyway
before I got really distracted I was
looking at the comments in yesterday's
video a person put this like little
prank in there scared the crap out of me
so well of course what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna scare the crap out of ally I'm
gonna turn down the volume really quick
honey if you're editing this now I'm
sorry the internet made me do it so I'm
gonna call it new cookie dance so that
way he thinks it's uh Jesse and what I'm
gonna do is the setup is I'm going to
tell her that Jesse and Jeana want us to
see the new version of the cookie dance
that I'll say like he wants to see your
reaction so that'll explain why I'm
filming everything I saw this was gonna
end up happening I'm going to click it
okay check it out you should be on the
browser with this cookie dance so every
time I try to do something she's the
first one I just found our old like prop
drawer and I found our hat drawer and I
found this beret that I've had since I
was a kid Liz Oh II I gotta make it work
in French and I felt it oh my god
somebody farted Marley was it you
that's smell you probably use that to
get up there no you look like Stephen
right hi french fries
yeah Bonjour good French big dog the
speaks French French and I can't even
speak English you speak French a little
puppy going through a bunch of photos
finding cleaning this closet huh so
today's the last day you can pre-order
your hoodies to make sure you guys
actually get it on time after today
I don't know how long it's gonna take so
if you're thinking about getting hoodies
now is the day to do it go to CTFxC
March comm so that way you guys can be
on the first batch of the first list so
you guys get it soonest sooner as soon
as the word look in the photos is that
lucky everyone the internet wherever
lucky girl
Zooey Marley like lucky it's me my
brother are you the bald one now how do
I get that into this girl's brainstorm
time good knife come on try strawberry
juice oh yeah you you got a mess right
clean that up otherwise you're gonna get
me in trouble so far this is more like
an icy not so much ice cream
I guess the banana makes it more creamy
I'm gonna freeze a banana though maybe
that'll help since Charles tried to
prank me earlier in failed it's only
right that I prank him sorry babe had to
do oh gods always digging behind you
she's like this I'm digging in it I only
think the key is just the banana that
looks way better than this moisture over
here maybe if I can add some of this
stuff even though that you scared the
crap out of me you shouldn't get any of
this I made you something
yeah banana strawberry a little bit of
blueberry what did you do nothing what
did you do nothing I would ruin that
Australia is expensive I promise is
eating you that's serious that means you
didn't mess with it this is our spa
corner yeah that's our thing that we had
it's called spa Connor try it what did
you do try it
eat it
you put something in here I promise is
eat the thing it's great isn't
it awesome an experiment sherbert that
sherbert is not a sorbet or sherbet sir
but how does arguing with Dougal so much
is it sherbert or sorbet you don't want
it sherbet has cream I think you Burt is
nothing we just wanted to say thank you
guys so much for watching today's video
and if you have not already subscribed
please don't forget to do so if you guys
have subscribed and you stuck around
this for a while we really appreciate
that and thank you guys for being there
with us also you guys have asked us if
we were going to put the buffer festival
question and answer video on one of our
channels and we actually were able to do
the live video chat today for buffer
which was awesome and I want to actually
say a huge thank you to Michael Buckley
because he's awesome and he did a really
great job hosting for us so thank you
buck we love you we are actually going
to post that video if you click right
here on the screen if there's actually
going to be an annotation here and
there's going to be a link down in the
description below to that question and
answer video that we had like prepared
initially for buffer festival should the
internet not work so guys please go and
check out that video a lot of your most
frequent questions are answered in that
video that's it for today's video thanks
again for watching and as always we'll
see you tomorrow good I love you guys
I've been doing
waiter
yes
with y'all trippin
with champion
