hi guys welcome to buffer festival we
are so sorry that we couldn't be there
but as you guys know I'm still healing
from this little guy Allie's making me
wear my hat backwards because you guys
can't see my face oh well you don't have
lighting I don't I don't like fred durst
I'm not listening the little biscuit
right now I'm just making sure you guys
to see my face anyway so we are doing a
question and answer we asked you guys on
Twitter with a hashtag we're going to go
through some random ones and answer them
for you guys I'm excited this is very
cool this is like the next best thing to
doing like an interactive Skype call we
were nervous that the signal might drop
out like it almost always does when we
try to Skype our friends and you guys
know me I would have completely forgot
because they put my brain twice I got an
excuse so the first question is do you
plan on getting another dog we've talked
about it how they really wants one but I
feel like these stores so much these two
right here they're so spoiled if you
guys have watched our videos you know
how intense they are with our attention
so I feel I would feel bad because Zoe
is so current grumpy we've got another
dog that would definitely have to be
adopted that's my number one thing is it
has to be a shelter shelter pups they're
the best best character Zoe male both
shelter dogs
alright I'll go to the next one yeah
next question what does CTFxC stand for
I think that you guys in the audience
whoever knows the answer to this just
yell it out right now one two three yell
it out penis that's not that's not what
it stands for
this is funny cuz this is like one of
the top question is a really huge
question yeah it started as a joke
probably 2008 as Stanford started as
standing at uh standing for Charles
Trippy friend cork that was at the time
when the
everyone was doing X's in the name so we
put the X in there it doesn't mean
anything
okay there's a dog the toy so the
Charles Trippy friend Corps then when
Allie and I got married we changes the
family course because we realized the
CTFxC was going into a giant community
first just a channel yeah so that's what
that means all right we'll just keep
going how do you guys get the motivation
to vlog every day that's a great
question sometimes we don't
sometimes we're really tired and we
don't want to do it but you know then we
remember that we have like one of the
greatest jobs if not the greatest job
like of our time as far as I'm concerned
were you able to like reach such a huge
number of people and just sort of we
feel like we've sort of you know created
but also just sort of become a part of
this really big support system
especially with everything that Charles
has been going through and you know just
knowing that you guys are there for us
every day motivates us to yeah the first
thing I hear is I look at my Twitter at
replies and that gets me out of bed you
guys literally you guys literally get me
out of bed yeah exactly and it's like
you know everybody has bad days but like
you know you really feel you feel the
love I know it sounds corny but it's
really truly good going how did you guys
meet how old were you both I was 12 and
he was 30 actually this I got a fun
little surprise on this one actually
Alan I met on myspace back in the day
and I had a competition because I was
working as a projectionist at the time
so I had this competition where you can
win like a quarter literally a quarter
and like a part of a film reel if I have
a photo this is Allie when she actually
got it right here this is actually Allie
we're on the screen and the film that
she's holding is from blow was at King
Kong I cut it out at the King Kong
actual movie and I was like
moving for me so she's literally that's
how we met
yeah I mean like but he was you know we
are both in other relationships at at
that time we were just like friends but
yeah I think I was like 15 and you were
20 when we first started talking it was
very platonic
but it sounds weird now why would you
put it like that but yeah but like 24
news 29 there's no difference and we
were totally friends on that - yeah so
that answers that question right that
guy was multiple questions yeah when
will you guys stop vlogging this is a
question a lot of people ask us in the
only way I respond is that when we stop
having fun basically is that's when
we'll hang up our cameras basically like
if there's no one coming and you know
there's no interaction I feel like once
like that interaction is gone then
what's the community dies hopefully that
never happen happens knock on wood
our floors would go knock on it what is
one pet peeve that you absolutely
absolutely dislike about each other for
me oh my gosh you don't clean up after
yourself that's not fair because finally
she's - you don't do the dishes yeah I
do what she does that would she eat
something she puts in the so why did
this use need the soap because sometimes
I feel like grits I love grits and they
get stuck
you get like a sandwich they don't need
it's a crumb okay in all seriousness the
thing that bothers me that you do is you
leave your dirty clothes all over the
floor like you oh I found a sock on our
dining room chair I was signing posters
I was lucky like I'd surprise move it
is dirty like dog hair covers wasn't
dirty I smelled it it was clean
I just got lazy okay what's mine what's
mine
oh definitely I would say nothing I
can't think of one right now I yell a
lot you know I don't like yelling and
you always finish my story like if I'm
telling a story you cut in and you tell
the story the way I don't want to say it
I'll be like yeah once we were down the
street in like you had that this one guy
came out oh my god I love this story all
right oh yeah until you do all the time
today that's not a bad thing it's just a
trait how does it feel knowing that you
have such a huge following honestly it
blows me away it's weird
no it's amazing all you guys out there
that's why we're so bummed we're not not
able to do this with you guys
it doesn't feel feel like straight
Jerry's gonna do this now I don't know I
feel like um I don't know people always
say like oh it's like is it a celebrity
type thing and it's not like that at all
it's no we're not special we're weird
and I think that's why blogging is so
awesome yeah like we're just like you
guys we just I feel like we're just like
you guys weird please thank you total
total weirdos know what I mean that's
true like we we have our quirks and our
weirdness and we're just like any other
person and you know there's nothing
special about us we just happen to like
fall into this thing where we've started
broadcasting our daily lives and I think
that you know the relatability
SPECT of it is what keeps the community
going strong because we all can sort of
relate like I can't relate to the
Kardashians in any way like I like them
when they're entertaining to me but I
wouldn't you know that's a trait I don't
like that you like watching the
Kardashians okay I hate walking out and
the Kardashians are on again I want to
steal a car that's what is so I want to
steal a car
what so I think the thing is you know
the the relatability is really important
because like you know like I was saying
the Kardashian thing I am NOT gonna
learn any major life lessons from them
they're good business people but like
I'm not going to take away any like
really crazy moral things from them but
you know seeing seeing you guys talk
about your families and having us being
able to talk about our families that
sort of makes that like really strong
tight-knit community that's cool we love
that
all right here's a good one where do you
think your life would be if you weren't
doing YouTube that's a good question I
don't know I would definitely be in
school yeah yeah I would I would
definitely be right now HD how many
years I don't know I don't know I kind
of a degree in communication in
marketing and I feel like I'm doing
pretty much that I feel like you'd
probably be involved in the internet
like I feel like you maybe you might be
working like in conjunction with behind
the scenes yeah behind the scenes stuff
like if you get started in front of the
camera I feel like you would definitely
be involved with it because I think that
you would be an active like community
member of YouTube it even if you were
like a comic I have no idea that's a
good question I thought like you know a
lot about that you know I mean like I
just feel like you'd be involved in this
I don't know thank you definitely be
part of the Internet or music I guess
because I'm when we the Kings I would be
a part of music yeah for sure that's
true Charles is very entrepreneurial how
do you keep things in your relationship
personal I mean we practically live with
you hahaha I love you guys
oh that's a good question I mean we try
not to show fighting all the time like
we have a lot of arguments we have like
a stressful life you know there's a lot
of stressful stuff going on so you know
we bicker a lot but that's not important
and we don't show that stuff because
it's like that's not it doesn't serve
you guys in any way and like you know
some people come to our videos because
they have their own like personal issues
and they don't want to be bogged down
with even more negativity so you know we
eat those things personal we just choose
not to show them or talk about them
unless it's on like a one-to-one basis
like sometimes some people ask me
questions and like I'm admitting to you
right now like if I have like a random
viewer come up to me and ask me a
question it's pretty private I'll tell
them the answer I don't have a problem
with that you know I want to and we want
to be able to share information that's
going to help you guys in some way so
anything that we don't feel like will
serve you guys in any positive way we
don't talk about it I also feel like
it's along that line but um as well it's
like when I look back in these videos I
mean these started as a personal diary
for Ally myself to document her life
when we go back to date like 346 or 942
I want to see the fun things we did I
don't want to well all that was the day
we had that stupid argument and that's
the kind of thing that's the whole point
of these things it's not that remember
the negative things it's try to
remembering the positive and fun things
so that's why we try to keep that
personal element out I guess I mean
honest answer we just gave over a huge
long answer to that question but the
truth is we just don't block it is there
something that we don't want to talk
about we just don't talk about it but
for the most part we're pretty honest
with you guys about everything it's not
it's not that we're ever dishonest it's
just that some things we choose not to
share but that's pretty rare we talked
about there's literally a Ephrem poop
for brain surgery they're trying to
think it like what we haven't talked
about in pretty sure today we're talking
about girls not pooping literally
everything what is the best and worst
thing about vlogging every single day PS
I love yous the best thing I think we've
already touched on that you
we you know and the ability to remember
it's awesome days I have a terrible
memory and the worst thing I think the
worst thing is the truth is that there's
never a break it's it's so interesting
because a lot of people have actually
like attacked bloggers and a few other
youtubers in the comments about like
getting a quote-unquote real job and to
tell you the truth like this job is 24/7
365 I don't get to spend Christmas off
he doesn't get new years off we don't
get birthdays off we don't get holidays
off like we are working all day every
day all but trust me yours is the
hardest because you just want to get
drunk and party with everyone it's
special film you guys have seen every
five years one remember the beer the big
giant Wanda beer I don't remember that
day and I'm glad I'm so glad we blog
down I don't remember that day at all so
that's the worst part I think is that
there's never really a break it gets
overwhelming at times but you know then
it's like we went back to that thing
where you remember that your job is
awesome and you know you can just choose
to remands your stress and make things
work so it's okay it ends up being
totally worth it alright what does the
Fox say
oh isn't that what it says any moments
you missed that you wish you would have
logged it's always the one of those
annoying things where it happened so
fast and the camera doesn't turn on
quick enough yeah I just think probably
those moments like what the dogs do
something really cute I can't think of
anything specific that really pissed us
off that we missed
Zoe chasing our tail yesterday yeah
chasing your tail was really funny and a
couple times when mom has been talking
by herself and it's really cute because
always eight years old and I've had her
every single day
obviously I've had her day every single
day I mean look at her and she's so
adorable sleeping with a little frog but
I've been around her every single day
pretty much of my life and she's never
chased her tail it was pretty funny
all right top celebrities you want to
meet Brad Pitt and Tom Hanks okay
only you seems pretty cool Tom Hanks is
number one though I definitely want to
meet Meryl Streep and Robert Downey jr.
yeah longest time I thought of Meryl
Streep what is the weirdest or
disgusting thing you've ever eaten clam
juice god that just threw me back it was
clam juice the baby octopus the octopus
I'd say it's pretty damn weird look like
a baby octopus a few times
sea urchin before that's not weird than
the octopus literally had a brain and
anything when you chew it's like it's a
good gusher all right okay right custard
and it was that a gusher no I know I
know what the weirdest thing ever eaten
is natto and we've talked about this in
the vlogs and I made da vida it's the
fermented soy beans that's the weirdest
thing I've ever eaten it's disgusting I
don't know why it's women's fermented
soy beans in Italy consist
see the inside of okra it's like swine
and that's weird the baby octopus gross
what is vlogging taught you about
yourselves over the past five years oh I
just spilled water that I'm a real klutz
all right so we decided to join us even
though I called sea check what is good
advice that you would give to new
vloggers and any info on attracting new
viewers it's a million dollar question
I'd say just say have fun with yourself
and just be true to yourself that's what
I'm playing with yourself on camera
that's against the Terms of Service on
YouTube I think basically just you know
as long as you're like he's saying just
having fun and being yourself that stuff
is gonna shine through people are gonna
know if you're not being honest it's
really easy especially with vlogging
when people get to know you over time
they know when you're not being honest
so when you say something you say
something later in the next day yes you
have to be completely honest people know
honesty and they gravitate to that and I
think also just trying to do new things
fun things all the time I think that
vlogging has definitely pushed us to do
like cool and new and exciting things as
often as we can so just try to like open
yourself up and go outside your comfort
zone and I think people will respect you
I didn't respond to that what are your
favorite TV shows to watch on Netflix
I watched 30 rock all the time every
night that's our jam and the Simpsons
scared she hates Daisy thank you
what is one place you'd love to take Ali
her favorite place that she's never been
in Australia and maybe Cabo or my wife
to Cancun she can you know like stripper
dance with all the other Spring Breakers
like there was a place that Justine went
to where all the things are on stilts
that was cool what did your parents
think when you started YouTube that's an
interesting question because I started
YouTube in 2006 in 2005 when it first
started
so we trying to explain that to my
parents was a little rough thank God my
dad gets that right away he was pumped
he thought it was funny
that I was making really terrible videos
was making still making it's my own
humor my expression my parents were
really supportive they've always been
really supportive they they didn't
obviously get what YouTube was or where
it was going but they knew that I was
having fun and that I think was the
motivation all the motivation I needed
and so yeah they were supportive I think
that you know my parents were kind of
the same way my mom knew what YouTube
was and she was pretty active on it my
dad didn't really know that much but my
dad is just like such a goofball and he
has such a great sense of humor about
everything
you know once they started getting in
front of the camera in our vlogs and
people started getting to know them it
was pretty crazy you know like if they
would come out to shows and people would
recognize them and I think my parents
really saw how cool and like just mature
and really really supportive our
audience was and I think they really
grew to love it
here's one ally chirpy what's one of the
sweetest things Charles Trippy has ever
done for you a lot everything I think
one of the things that you and this
isn't just one time you used to do this
a lot like whenever I was having a
really bad day or a really difficult day
in school he would always go out to the
grocery store and get stuff to make food
or he would walk the dogs and even
always come home and bring me some kind
of candy or like my favorite chocolates
or something if he knew I was having a
really bad day I think that was like you
know that's just something that I really
always appreciated and it's just a
really small gesture but it's really
cute and it meant a lot to me okay
please stop making that face it's really
good it's like sexy face Ally trippy why
does Charles fall so much great question
I don't know you're tripping I'm
tripping so that's pretty much it I know
you guys might have other questions that
didn't get answered and we're sorry
about that but we just wanted to do like
some of the most like frequently asked
questions and some of the ones that we
thought would yield pretty funny answers
so hope you guys have a lot of fun to
buff the best have fun for us we wish we
could be there and hopefully we'll see
you guys soon I that's fun in Canada
guys say bye Zoey turn the camera off
please all right bye guys
you
