good morning time to go to the doctors
gotta get my blood checked again you
gotta check what blood make sure about a
vampire what thank you for me these eggs
yeah you have some yeah of course you
get some this is yours now as I'm
standing here I brought dessert paper
rock scissors shoot paper rock scissors
shoot you lose the smack proxy good
barber gun
rollover you kind of doing it all over
right roll over that is a spaz dog
you're so calm about things I already
gave you yours so we're driving all the
way to the doctor's this was pretty much
spending hours driving back and forth to
the doctor's appointments all the time
our new thing that we started doing is I
have to take up listening to new music
we've started to listening to audiobooks
that's not weird right that's the thing
so we discovered a website called
audible.com and we actually hooked up
with them and they're hooking up the
CTFxC with a free audiobook download
they have a ton of audiobooks it's
really cool I mean we got bored of
listening to just the radio like all the
time when we're in the car and we have
like Pandora and stuff like that but
it's nice to be able to actually have
something like intellectually
stimulating when you're like I'm just
bored and driving for a long time the
radio is so boring thin silent for like
every 30 minutes the same like set of
songs yeah it's so true get really
annoyed it makes these mundane drives
pass like nothing so if you want you can
go to audible.com CTFxC we thought it
was really cool that they give a free
download all you guys at the CTFxC is
really nice of them so if you guys want
to try it out you can get it on your
phone you can listen to it in your car
all that fun rad tubular gnarly stuff
tubular here we go
there goes my blood
keep it away from vampires so I lost
blood I need a cookie
I deserve a cookie every time my mom
gave blood one she used to like if I
don't like a blood drive she would get
Nutter butters Nutter butters yeah yeah
that place is off it's my blog there's
my blood oh my god it's my blood
stay in my body I need it oh yeah it's
windy going to town
these dogs are adorable this is pretty
awesome you probably can't even hear
anything I'm saying because it's really
windy but our oranges are almost ready
which is awesome because we're gonna be
able to make so much good fresh juice
mush come on we haven't done this in a
while
come on girls I'm lazy need you to pull
me somewhere I want you to pull me to
the park get your helmet so Ali yelled
at me for doing that without a helmet so
I got my helmet now so the only thing
outfit your big-ass head
so there's my head sharkbait whoa there
you go take the padding out take your
padding I mother helmet she's stupid
there you go I don't think it'll still
not FaceTime long enough it's not gonna
fit we have any other helmets nice great
does it fit your head doesn't fit your
head who's that spook that's supposed to
be like four four year olds isn't it
yeah my old BMX helmet yeah that's
what's supposed to be like that and your
face it's the grounding of protection
you weren't like this that'll stop your
face from hitting the ground yeah your
head is expensive we need to thank God
we have insurance I'd be so bad pick it
up she keeps tripping on our leash pick
it up pick it up you just had in your
mouth my dog as a kid would she would go
and get the her leash and just walk to
you just put the leash in front like
basically in front of you you got it
just like that
good thing I want to go for this walk
thing now Marley's doing all the way oh
that was a workout I'm tired now I had
to make sure I didn't fall on my face
Marley you did a great job so he did a
great job 220 as though it gets a little
erratic because she's like I got a PE
like right now and she just pulls me
over she doesn't care
you're gonna be a little sled dog if you
wanted to that's what you're you want to
grow through your sled dog Marley
don't let anyone say you can follow this
vision it's all she could see outside
the home
this is their favorite part because this
part of our drives for allowing you
redubbed it what is the short attended
this is rodent road because there are
rabbits and squirrels here all kinds of
Oh kinds of tiny mammals I actually
don't know it wasn't a vlog a night but
I think I told you guys about how like
Marley and Zoey actually pinned to
scroll one time they had no idea what to
do they just like laid on top of it
there honestly the most gentle dogs in
the world either barkas is way bigger
than the bite which never happens they
just try dad tougher than they are yeah
she just saw it did you see that little
squirrel Marley he's gone now though so
I forgot to show you my dad's doing No
Shave November getting there know what
what do you say Movember for brain
cancer awareness we have a beard off two
days that's two days okay serious yours
is like actual beard hair mine's just
like freaking like err hair hair have
quite the famous ears
yeah it's coming in the internet which
is gruffer which is manly on pepper yeah
does this make my ears a little big well
here's the thing you smash one down and
you look like Colbert it's so cute
Oh fun little announcement Google just
sent me an email saying my Google glass
was shipped today what what what you're
gonna steal it then I'll be able to get
to look like a glass hole like I don't
think this bag of carrots is I can legit
I can barely lift this up eight toppings
but I go legit
that's heavier than you think isn't it
yeah a lot of parrots basically ensure
strawberries are just low-calorie
antioxidant sons-of-bitches
I like after I'd eaten beads like a beet
juice it makes me so gassy bell peppers
and beads like I was editing and I could
hear I was wearing noise cancelling
headphones and I could hear my farts
some of the noise she was like cool make
your fart noise beats make me fart
wait Ali he's not here get him out of
here
zebra cakes oh my god I gotta go back
look at it it's making it more difficult
Newberry cakes they're blueberry any
part of that like neon glowing gel is
actual fruit this used to be my jam a
donut stick yeah I love those these do I
don't know I never got down with the
cosmic family it's been oh I get down
with all this were you good did you get
in trouble no trouble no trouble at all
who's Kimmy doctor spaz somebody told me
about one ingredient ice cream with
bananas basically you sliced one or two
bananas well coin size put it in the
freezer for an hour - then you get it
out and you blend it with a food
processor I'll show you all that will do
all the whole like home shopping thing
just look at the shape and and that the
roundness colors yellowness of those the
banana medallions alright freeze up do
your job freezer and voila
I totally just got all the bananas off
that plate all by myself this actually
looks like vanilla ice cream now
go for it better than ice cream no joke
that is amazing holy Sh you happy
whoever told me that in the comments you
are my new favorite person it's great
is that amazing there's only one
ingredient that's just a natural banana
and peanut butter that's two ingredients
I guess good
well well well that is the end of a
productive and exciting day of alley
cleaning the kitchen anyway I hope you
guys enjoyed today's video if you're
brand new to these videos don't forget
to click that little subscribe button if
you've been watching for a long time
thank you for sticking with us Joey tell
tell him what to do is that the like
button everyone click the like button
like Joey's trying to do right now good
job so I almost forgot say goodnight
we'll see you guys tomorrow
see what you did
that's killed
merci psst
which all trippy
with trippy an alley don't forget
