good morning guys guess who's here I
don't know if you guys remember Ryan
from the UK tour which is literally a
year ago he's in town he's swung by to
say hi to Zooey Marley myself
I think Danny's coming by we were just
talking about how like the UK tour was
like a year and like three months ago
longer than a year and a half does seem
like yesterday I was watching some vlogs
from back there remembering how cold it
was it was three degrees Celsius which
is what Fahrenheit I'm American I don't
know he come out I was just telling Ryan
how the squirrel comes out every single
day just to mess with Zoey Marley was it
lying was I every single day all right
everyone say bye to Ryan for now until
the next UK tour what kind of juice for
you making now cucumbers in your apples
can't somebody touch this with beet
hands whose do that Zoey
barley I got nothing for you it's funny
when you juice leaves
freak malware alley OCD you have to
paint again basically it is tiny tiny
little bead piece I can take my ten
minutes but I just I didn't do it
slacking which sucks I have the right
ladder yesterday yeah I got I got okay
just looking at your butt no big deal
I'm allowed if there's not married to
you it's allowed in those contract
marriage contract get hold on you can
climb ladders and grandma's house used
to climb the ladder in the pool remember
that what whoa let me hear the poured
pool do you want what's in my water just
cuz has lemon in it why doesn't my water
of lemon I'm gonna go sit here so you
can't play your game
that's my gamer seat your game receipts
in the other room we switched remember
so it is Lauren's birthday today I was
like I don't know how to work the light
Lauren's birthday back there if she is
nice so we got our gift right here and
we're going out to dinner to celebrate I
like the wrapping my mommy's always used
to comics for wrapping presents those
takes me back to my childhood this is
even the comics this is like junk mail
junk belt celebrating for your mom
having a daiquiri what do you have I'm
trying it this is a nine berry mojito
very mo where's your fishbowl we get a
fishbowl everyone make sure to wish
Lauren a happy birthday in the comments
if the comment systems working
I know YouTube just wish the comment
system I think it's cool I like the like
is threaded but I don't like how they're
really kind of really making use Google+
I know what they're trying to do and
make sense viral now do you like new
comment system
I haven't actually like seen it yeah
what do you comment but you have to link
your Google+ now so if you can wish
Lauren a happy birthday if you could
figure it out if you can't just die I
don't know just will it just mentally
will it tweets birthday these are food
deliciousness we're gonna have to buy
you guys new couches one day
ear-piercing I don't even know our pitch
bon jovi can't even hit those notes
there mom's 35 she's 35 today I want to
rob in the cradle this was something
that we actually used to do like as a
family quite a lot but we haven't had it
in so it's a cookie cake I know you
can't go you can't go on it got me a
cake cake I can't have a cake got a
carrot cake is slow motion for this
give me some hairspray I'm not tone deaf
at all yo yo yo Bala your gangster
Marley c4 trials get a cat it's one of
them face grinders her eyes are barely
open this time her butt makes a good
pillow till she farts time changes
messaging me out Ali where are you
where's right here he's always looking
for you shout they're close let me move
aside I'll take care of this move aside
move aside
thank you more ants on a log this is my
all-time favorite snack now it's pretty
delish
it gets my sweet right sweet tooth -
sweetie - dog bitch I got an interesting
idea I wouldn't try to end the vlog with
a bunch of peanut butter in my mouth
like I do is Zoey Marley I this is hard
alright guys it was time to go to bed
I'm sorry - his videos a little bit
shorter than normal we had a lot of
behind the scenes work like medical
paperwork and bills this is really hard
now I feel bad I'm sorry dog don't
forget to click subscribe and we'll see
you guys tomorrow as always this is kind
of gross I'm sorry thank you guys for
being awesome I love all you guys we'll
see you tomorrow as always
bye guys
our waiter
worse yet
with y'all trippin
with with Dirty Harry
you
