good morning Internet hey I got
something to try it's called dirt
smoothy it always looks good
Oh for the beat just ruins it that's not
bad something called dirt smoothie
actually tastes good but the thing that
when I was trying yesterday tasted like
dirt you're trying to get my food
there's glass can't get to it
what are you doing finally painting is
to melt you're not supposed to be
underneath the ladder it's bad luck I do
care but I was about to pinch my finger
and or like die so it's time you're
going down kitchens the thing that's
good is that it's really not a lot of
wall space it's just it's very difficult
to get to because channel think we're
tell me to go out there you go feel like
oh excuse me ma'am that's pretty scary
don't go that high so James and Jesse
brought over this little guy he brought
over super-slow-motion what is which one
is this this is the fs700 by Sony and
it's amazing so far so we're gonna shoe
things in slow motion and you
volunteered to do the blue one right so
we have a bunch of slow motion ideas
it'll be all in this video and we'll
probably do like a little bonus video
and I'm sure James will have someone
whose channel yeah so we're gonna do all
these you guys submitted a bunch of on
Twitter so you're involved you're
anything you don't do this slow motion
carrot yeah you all these things this is
number one requested thing is broadly
with a carrot
cards though your turn Molly's got the
carrot thing your thing is the peanut
butter
you
hey I wanna get permission from you
where could we do a firebomb so we're
doing on the grass or should we do it on
the cement the flowers the flower fire
bomb all right guys don't do any of
these swings wrong way at all at all we
are professionals even Jessi her uncle
of Indiana Jones if he didn't know that
Jesse Jones
all right see this is gonna be on Jessie
urge Ames's channel crack a whip with
flour on it then we're gonna blow up
then we're gonna create a fireball
that's normal gonna be loud Zoey just
plug your ears see what's going on guys
I'll just hear him watch so we were
professionals we got the safety gear
dude it's cool it's chill dude so we
have an 8 second window the way the
thing works all right so we got another
idea you guys told us on Twitter to do
water balloon with a whip
never mind the gangster rigging and the
moustache but actually he's gonna work
I'll see if that was Jesse can pop it
you
sadly when we never record
exploding all over adjusting myself
Jessie did not pee herself promise
got it so is not do not do this at home
at all all right we're professionals do
not do this at home we're professional
sorry
all right so we did the flamethrower now
we're gonna pop a balloon over Jesse's
head she graciously volunteered so gotta
fill up a water balloon now graciously
volunteered forcefully all right here we
go two one go I feel bad we're all
playing with this little wishing camera
and you're here painting tell that
you're doing this because you want to
get it done and we've been trying to get
you to help otherwise we're gonna think
I'm a jerk
in all honesty she said she's not coming
out until this is done
so it's not my fault it's looking really
good though hair so we're gonna try to
put two packs of the firecrackers in a
pumpkin the dawn King fire pumpkin
you
so Marley jumped up there just in so she
can get my attention
so he's demanding points now after all
that slow motion I feel like everything
we do should be in slow motion some
breasts your massage some breasts in
slow motion that was actually a lot of
fun I've actually never got to use a
really high-powered slow motion camera
so I really want to say thank you to
James for that what I'm thinking I'm
going to do is I'll put a link down
there in the description of all these
videos in full form so if you guys want
to go back and watch them again the
links are in the description so you can
check that out everyone knows you're
here Mar squeak amok squiggle mark is
looking at me like she's gonna like
punch me in the face would you say say
there's my face are not acting cute so I
just got a nice little message from
Google they actually invited me into the
Explorer program where I can actually
get Google glass I need to know what
color I should get so do I want to get
shale sky cotton or tangerine looks like
red or charcoal I've been wanting to get
Google glass so I can do a review for
you guys so in the comments tell me what
color was a charcoal tangerine cotton or
stale shale alright time for a delicious
meal we got some chicken breast with
Lowery's sea salt broccoli chopping
broccoli and then I got some asparagus
I haven't had asparagus as I can't even
remember I'm just craving it right now
doesn't that make you pee smell worse
than pee I think that's the thing I've
heard asparagus makes your pee smell its
pee it smells already I'm just sorry I'm
getting distracted by Ali's paint job
eat your veggies oh it's hot hot so hot
never Charles drop something onto his
plate she looks from the floor
you're smart but you're also dumb okay
did it go down there
show me the easiest way to eat asparagus
there is no easy way / you're cracking
up watching him Freddie alright guys
this is about time for us to head to bed
my head is getting really crazy from the
keratin it's gross if you guys are brand
new to our videos please don't forget to
click Subscribe and please don't forget
to like this video just click the little
thumbs up button down there and let us
know that you enjoyed it alright guys
thanks again for watching and as always
we will see you tomorrow love you guys
bye
what you did
it's
yes
with trippy
we're Cynthia
with Gianelli don't forget
you
