is this really happening you're hanging
off the bed
your dog is hanging off the bed
good morning time to get sleepy poop get
up it's almost noon
no why not getting my keratin right now
and I just pulled my camera out to film
and I realized that for about three and
a half hours I've had both of our
cameras so Charles is at home without a
camera it's such a long process they're
getting it flat ironed right now it is
sort of stealing the carrots and I was
actually thinking about making a baby
about this on my channel so if you guys
want to see
make a video about sort of like the
process of getting keratin done and how
I feel about it just let me know in the
comments if that's something you guys
would be interested in because I know a
lot of you guys have asked before and
I've never really done like an isolated
video about it I'm like falling asleep
do you guys ever do that with people few
ingredients pow
your hair looks pretty
thanks though he's totally messing up
behind you why did she do that
why did you do that are you showing off
how about really doing anything you
gotta try this juice I just made that's
probably the greatest or worst thing
I've ever made in my life look it
matches the Tupperware and the good news
is I don't remember what's in it cider
Lou beets spinach beet spinach
strawberry celery actually I don't
remember blackberry maybe uh really well
I put some is that best or worst thing
I've ever done right yeah I'm the master
at juicing yeah Marly I don't know if
you guys ever had these dried green
beans you like chips I'm good
look at me you know healthy yet another
beautiful fucking day speaking of today
I have this new philosophy that I'm we
were trying to live by for the rest of
us hopefully the rest of my life where
it's like yesterday's in the past
tomorrow may never come so live your
life for today or you can get even more
cheesy where it's like yesterday's
history tomorrow's a mystery but today
is a gift that's why they call it the
present but that's way too cheesy for me
so I'm just gonna stick with the whole
yesterday's in the past tomorrow may
never come so to live for today what the
fuck is that my drink
what is that so you got my back or my
foot again it's so cute dude I read
somewhere that there's a dog that has
been trained to detect seizures this
poor little kid has like 30 to 50
seizures a day which is insane because I
had one like that would just knock me
out for the entire day I couldn't
imagine having 30 or more than two a day
and ever since we got back from Boston
Ali and I've been talking about how it's
always been like raid against my like
she hasn't left my side just making sure
I'm okay I think she can sense that
something's going on can you sense
daddys kicking some ass right now are
you trying to help me Oh
just trying to get my smoothie my juice
what are you doing over there just
staring being jealous what are you doing
talking to Zoey not talking to me so why
Ali and Lauren are doing all the girly
stuff I figured I'd put some GTA try to
beat this damn game scratch that I feel
guilty I'm gonna go take them for a
little walk you guys want to do that
part so we know she's in the street
today okay
the hill you either Marley nice creepy
walk tonight
I called foo check dude I called see
check don't look at me like you could
just do what I'm just gonna take this
and you're just gonna sit there
come on you stinking muggle let's go get
a movie movie are you obsessed with very
hard you're like how am I using eyes I
didn't understand how they could use the
word the way they used muggle it was
kind of like derogatory wasn't it no not
long the mud one thing but it takes
dirty mud blood filthy mudblood but a
mudblood is part of a muggle right yeah
unless you say it with man attention
filthy mudblood muggle wouldn't be a mud
flood muggle because he wouldn't be a
muggle you'd be half wizard if you were
a mother I the hole that I was watching
that I was just like looking at Ali I
was like this is really derogatory isn't
it come on muggle let's go get a movie
you're a muggle your filthy muggle yeah
you're dirty mogul go drive the car
let's go I'm going to operate thank you
if you think Ally doesn't respond to
comments she's literally responding to
comments on any video right now Charles
is trying to get me to leave and I'm
like no I have to answer them they're
asking me question attack attack
what is it that deep smell what they're
doing oh you smell poop all right so
which one you want I have to definitely
a decision do you want our face on we're
like running out of the time and we're
like okay we'll go in the straw market
for five minutes oh you try that damn
hat for a freakin hour okay we got like
20 minutes to go drinking before the
boat freaking up and sailing away it's
stupid hat right no I got the Bahamas
little plate thing because I tried
2000-2010 vlogs Lissa didn't know if
Snow White was and we're like no no you
don't want that decently nice these are
my nieces but this is my family there's
gonna do this cuz I'm in marketing so
then I can promote you guys Ally's down
at the grocery store a third time in one
day here looks pretty though so it's so
annoying the first like a little bit
when you're doing the keratin sucks
because you're not allowed to wash it or
like touch it or anything they have to
pin straighten it to sort of like feel
it and I'll explain it all in the video
I'm doing my
muggles aren't allowed to ride brooms
though gotta get some turkey thanks good
did you hear that they recalled all the
Butterball turkeys when just recently
boy because they forgot to butter
they're false
my mom told me about you yesterday and I
was like good stupid and now I'm saying
it all I remember is the limos give me
your most you could think of
okay well the killing spell Avada
Kedavra krutiov is another one of the
three unforgivable spells section 7
press which is the one that they made up
that like caused you to like bleed out
and die
expelliarmus which is really all but at
disarming spell expecto patronum which
is conjures your Patronus charm when
you're fighting Dementors Wingardium
Leviosa it's like it makes you able to
like raise objects octagon alright in
the comments you guys have to have a
competition with this little this muggle
over here tell me how many spells that
you guys can think of off the top of
your head from Harry Potter oculus
reparo
the glasses stupid by who seems like a
really bad a heavy metal song it was a
song by disturbed actually
was that it's like fire who grabs the
first beat and then look at this it was
like you know what I'm gonna eat that
I'm gonna put that in my mouth I'm gonna
totally eat that right now oh it's
staining everything all it makes my PE
look like blood I would continue eating
that
so speaking of Harry Potter I just
remembered that a while ago my parents
bought me this
it's Ali Potter Potter to tell the truth
I never knew what house I belonged in
but I just say Gryffindor because this
is my college colors to something like
whatever where there's a thing that
you'll find out what house you belong
okay there's remember like Rosella
there's all like this quiz is really
what house you belong to in the comments
say what house Ali would be in and what
house I would be in why am i a
Hufflepuff and then you're a Gryffindor
look at your face what does that mean
girls who's that huh get him oh yeah get
her Gators they attack them the witch so
now that we've pretty much ended our two
week marathon of Harry Potter series we
got to find a new movie to watch what do
you want to watch something good
actually if you guys have any
suggestions of an awesome movie that's
on Netflix now please tell us in the
comments because I'm not really sure
what's up oh we can watch the Hunger
Games
if you guys don't have Netflix but
you've always wanted to try it they've
actually hooked the CTFxC up with a free
month trial if you go to Netflix comp
CTFxC obviously you guys don't have to
use that URL or anything like that but
you're going to sign up for Netflix
anyway you might as well because it
gives you the free month trial anyway
and it also makes the CTFxC look like a
bunch of badasses or whatever just do
random I'm just gonna close my eyes and
just watch a random movie I just want to
win a watch Roman Holiday Audrey Hepburn
all right so we're gonna watch this
movie I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video if you guys are brand new please
don't forget to subscribe because we
make videos every single day so I want
to see you guys in comments every single
day so I say toodles right close your
mouth dude all right
toodles
yes
with y'all trippin
see
yesterday an ally
