that bird pisses you off his back bird
friends bag is looks like hurricane
season right now sorry
get the bird is windy a wind girls yeah
I didn't think no I wanna go outside I
want to face this wind
just kidding girls when I go for a walk
I'm just kidding probably the meanest
thing I could probably do to them or
what you wouldn't dare
punch the gargoyle they move away from
my bell
you don't know I have to pee with this
things in the way it's pretty cute
marnik your bells over there so close
what are you scared of three giant
plants I'm not scary yeah check it out a
big giant plant no I don't like it let's
keep moving
nothing to see here I'm gonna rub this
off of my face I'll rub it on your leg
and we're over Oh Marley now it is
freaking amazing right now the Sun is
kind of hidden in there there's this
cool breeze bicha tomorrow's gonna be
like the coldest that we're gonna have
probably in the last couple months it
sucks though because you can adjust it
and get stoked that cold weather by
becoming then the next day is 90 bipolar
Florida my space angle these are my
favorite on the walk that way you guys
can see the doggies there's are we gonna
do torpedo but they're gonna do some
torpedo publican Marley has really a
terrible place to be if you guys do a
torpedo poop
annika parents we brought all of the
signed posters to be mailed back to DM t
ph we distribute it out to you guys
which is awesome that means you're gonna
get your posters really soon and i think
we're finally going to try paint the
kitchen today see how that goes fingers
crossed I can't cross my fingers because
I'm blocking the wind okay I'm gonna
turn my house into a mansion using only
two by fours and some pain cuz you guys
know I love campaign I guarantee you
that my kitchen is going to be a
different color every single month I
told my mom that my kitchen color is my
defence against the Dark Arts teacher
hold on guys this is a thing deep frying
your Thanksgiving turkey that's a real
thing god I kind of want that okay screw
the grill I want a Butterball turkey
fryer that's incredibly if you just
throw whatever you want in there small
children
any kind of poultry whatever so I know I
was joking about changing my house into
a mansion but in truth we are trying to
improve like subtle features of our
house because the people who live there
before us did a lot of really good like
big improvements but a lot of like the
details still are sort of like nineteen
eighties ish in our house so one thing
that really helps is updating light
fixtures and I know this is gonna be
like wow wow wow well while I can most
boring thing I've ever said probably to
some of you guys but to others of you
you might actually enjoy this so if you
guys want to help me pick out a light
fixture just tell me in the comments do
you like colorful ones the old-fashioned
ones like those are pretty cool actually
I like those bulbs too Ali I got a new
hat
look it doubles on super trials and see
for Chicago White Sox I like it what do
you guys think I figured the darker
color was working out that are the
masses the lighter colors you poo fan
just go poop girls don't poop no they
don't I don't in my mind they don't poop
I know Zoey poop she poops in walks have
you ever done that no I think that would
be a achievement unlock if you're
running and you pooped at the same time
like I'm a human torpedo like it what
Zoe did yesterday you want to try it on
yeah it's oh it looks great max
sit down oh right on zoey is that seat
for Charles for daddy
yo yo yo mutha fucka like two little
White Sox fans MC pee pants and Zoe
Bowie she's like can you please get
Marlee doesn't Karen so he's like leaned
over do you see how she's leaving like
she's pooping she's like leaning usually
get this off my guys I'll take it off
so remember yesterday we had all you
guys asking us the buffer queue a
question and answer for buffer fest Alan
I was shooting a video I had thrown all
the Q&A since I can't go to buffer fest
I can't travel even though I'm doing
really well the chemo getting on an
airplane is just like a germ fest and
you don't I mean it's just terrible and
I don't want to risk it so we did went
through Twitter looked at all those
hashtag questions that you guys asked if
we have to film a video now and then
that way you guys can see that buffer
fest Marley's being a little model so
you can focus it
good job Mar camera always on her you're
like me so you don't like to be on
camera
thank you behind the scenes sorry I have
to sit next to you it's not just Marley
show thought this the Marley show they
had a fart put that candle down there
seriously
it didn't work it didn't work I love
doing this a chronological thing of my
life and farting on the Internet
I'm sorry farts are funny they will
always be funny poops and farts are
always gonna be funny if you don't think
so you're just getting too old I walked
out earlier and I was like who's making
pie and I realized it's just Ali and all
the damn candles everywhere next time I
have to fart you're gonna come light my
fire on fire that's love what's love got
to do got to do with it I'll share my
food
good god barley I'll share my carrots so
this is the reason why I tell you to get
out of the kitchen all the time you
never leave because you know daddy's
gonna give you something daddy cooks she
gets awesome stuff stop doing that looks
so adorable she has a big giant carrot
you say it wasn't adorable but it's okay
really
please bring it back
you can't have that whole thing okay
say hello carats man good for your eyes
yeah he just made a mess you're selling
me out
you know breakdance for Karen really
okay right down dude
so Ali's getting ready to shoot another
video on her YouTube back home slash
Ally Channel
what is it you doing how these favorites
it's my October favorites I've never
done this before but it was a good month
to start with Phil I have a million
favorite things that's true so make sure
you go to youtube.com slash Ally and you
can watch that at the end of this video
my hair hey let me fix your hair let's
prep it how can I make it look way
better yeah yeah that's good
prove it give me some volume give you
some volume Aaron yeah there's some
volume that's it this is my dinner look
at freaking delicious give my veggie
intake for today and I'll get my fruit
intake I'll make a smoothie for dinner
looks like I literally just went outside
and just picked a bunch of stuff and
just threw it into a wok mmm
deliciousness mmm delicious healthiness
at all honesty I cannot believe that I'm
still keeping up with this diet I
thought for sure I wouldn't last more
than a couple days you choose life you
know what I mean and yesterday I was
talking to you guys about how yesterday
was kind of a rough day for me today was
a lot better a lot of it has to do and I
keep saying this all the time and I
don't want you guys to get immune to it
or just be like oh he's just saying that
but honestly it had a lot of it had to
do with you guys in reading the comments
from yesterday's video and everything it
was like one of those things where just
I can let it you know get to me and I
realized my lives in the trash right now
baby it's so cute yes it being so cute
just waiting waiting
Marley just makes herself at home think
in my part of your favorites does your
thumbnail for the video the secret's out
link will be down in the description go
check that out she's been making more
videos on her Channel go subscribe over
there if you guys didn't know Ali had
her own channel or others like a look at
me
I don't
favorite room she this is like Marley
Oasis she comes in here all the time and
just sleeps by herself on his bed her
eyes her just going back and forth like
what we're talking about me rock paper
scissors Harry Potter GTA Rock Paper
Scissors shoot right there's a rock
paper scissors and paper rock scissors
I say rock papers I save paper rocks no
you're gonna lose and that's why your
stapler Rock Scissors shoot you're done
do a three-second up internet when you
play paper rock scissors or rock paper
scissors it's automatically always best
out of three hey my video game buddy you
know hang out you know give me tips and
what to do is it necessary for you to
stand that close to the television
because who you are the more precise you
get so you don't hit somebody that
should be hit how's that that's exactly
gaming 101 withdrawals
alright everyone it is time to go to bed
actually I shouldn't say go to bed but
it's 10:00 in the vlogs
we were gonna watch the last part of
Harry Potter I don't know if we're gonna
get through it tonight so we'll have to
finish it maybe tomorrow I didn't think
I'd be so addicted to it but it's
actually pretty good hey Potter yeah if
you guys are brand new to our videos
again don't forget to subscribe we make
a video every single day as the rest of
you guys already know so this is all
blah blah blah - you guys don't forget
to click the like button if you guys
like the video
simple stuff just a stupid reminder if
you guys wanted the hoodies or the sign
posters
those are still available first-come
first-serve once they're sold out
they're sold out we'll see you guys
tomorrow hope you guys have a great day
toodles
it's hardly wait
were sexy
with y'all trippin
with with DNR we don't
you
