just my spacing in taking the nice
little walk before it gets all hot and
crappy feel great feel energized had a
nice carrot spinach and cranberry
smoothie I feel vigor eyes feel that
that's a word right that's morbid we got
some weird neighbors pee on our yard
tell me you're displeased Oh sometimes
Zoe and she really started running she
just shoots poop out her but when she
walks I know she'll do it so I go okay
we got to come back with the golf cart
pick that up you little punk this shoots
out like a torpedo it's funny right
torpedo poops it's even funnier the
Marly nose and she gets out of the way
well you're not stupid so remember
yesterday I showed you that trick
healthy snack the celery almond butter
and the raisins this is another one my
mom used to trick me on she used to
freeze grapes wash them off put it dry
them off then put them in the freezer
honestly if you guys need some healthy
snacks I suggest doing that freezing
grapes this is like the greatest way to
do it protection
yes good daddy protection I'll protect
you I got your back a single single wag
he's so ashamed that you rocket poop
today rocket Cooper I honestly never
thought I'd be that type of person I
putting clothes on a dog stretch in come
on put your guy on come on why see she
loves it
you ready come on show off their winter
wear
why don't your mommy's dirt pile and
then jumping on the bed
you know gangster Zoey Marley's got no
fear just puts her whole head in your
about okay the cameras on I know
everyone knows you're around he's
finishing up the posters I can't believe
I can't believe his face Marley's every
single I mean Zoey - I can't even
believe them these posters are about
these dogs not about us what's the
lifetime photo absolutely speaking of
which what are you freakin doing over
there you happy because you ate all
right
you gotta get some more healthy stuff
okay get some more cranberries
I know they're gross but I love them now
put all that healthy stuff you guys are
keeping us on track I love you guys
every time you use them to crap you guys
are like no don't eat that anyone want a
penis root that's inappropriate Charles
I want all of that right now for
Thanksgiving can I have pumpkin pie
I want to break it just is that okay
guys a one-time break on Thanksgiving at
that pumpkin pie we've been good promise
that it's cool the truck okay I will
turn off the alarm
three gangster with your hood there you
go it's so cute
whatever one go I was afraid that I was
eating too went too much fruit because I
really like fruit and vegetables are
good I just don't like them as much I'm
getting all these fun vegetables and I'm
gonna put them together and then we're
not like doing a stirfry because the
thing is I had that option need fruit my
entire life I could totally do it
vegetables like kind of crave fruit
though like bananas I could live off a
banana for the rest of my life I wanted
to so I got to get some garlic in here
to keep the vampires away
it's very important when you're cooking
now that looks delicious that's why I
like all stir fries it's pretty much you
can just throw everything in the pies
there's like the smoothie throw
everything in a blender and just cook it
you can't do it too often though
otherwise you lose all the essential
vitamins can you do some mushroom that'd
be pretty gross juicing mushrooms
wherever food is like just pan down
there's always a Marly always a Marly
all right now this is a dinner home
cooked vegetables home cooked awesome
smoothie again II remember was in this I
think it's mushrooms red pepper carrot
spinach garlic what else I think I
forgot so I was just going to talk with
you guys a little bit today ooh my
fingers purple the blackberries oh
there's blackberries in there
ATD today no real symptoms it's just
kind of one of the every once in awhile
it just kind of hits me what's going on
just totally out of the blue I'll just
be like doing something we're listening
to music and then all of a sudden it
just kind of hits me and it just makes
me really depressed and really down but
then I think about positive things and
then I kind of picked myself back up and
a lot of those positive things I go on
Twitter you guys are really responsible
like it's one of those down days I'd be
lying if I told you guys I didn't have
them every once in a while and I feel
like only natural that
it happens because it is like a roller
coaster but I know in the end I'm going
to win I'm going to beat this thing but
I just felt like I should document this
because I don't feel like I've had any
negative or honest I mean I thought I
felt like I've been pretty honest with
you guys the whole time but like some of
the times when I am feeling down I don't
really outright say it but definitely
today is what I've been in one of those
days where it's just kind of been a
bummer like the heaviness of what's
happened to surgery's countless seizures
it just it hits me every once in a while
it just means sucks cancer sucks
and I know I'm not the only person going
through this situation but for anyone
else going through a similar situation
and if you're kind of feeling like how I
am right now you're definitely not alone
especially if you're part of the CTFxC
there's 1.2 million of you guys that is
a huge family for family trips we're
definitely not fitting in a minivan
sorry my moustache aged maybe it's my
job or our job as a CTFxC to raise
awareness of brain cancer not to say
there's anything wrong with that raising
awareness with other cancers because
other just as bad and just as hurtful to
other people but you know what I mean
it's like one of those things it doesn't
really affect you until it hits close to
home and like I was saying today was one
of those days we're just kind of knocked
me on my ass a little bit today so I
just wanted to say thank you guys and
just let you guys know how I'm feeling
today and today's Charles corner we got
to come up with something cooler than
that it's kind of lame
another adorably sweet thing is on days
like this I know Zoey Marly no because
they just stayed the whole time it's
awesome it's like totally amazing how
dogs could just know and they just stick
by your side so I wanted actually really
quickly I was talking to Corey Vidal
today on the phone I'm sure you guys
know him he does the apprentice a vlogs
and has a whole bunch of awesome kids
that live with him up in Toronto when
they do vlogs as well are you kidding
just chuck Mincy mom I'm sad they should
be friends it's rinse them off every day
so what I was just talking to Corey
about today was buffer festival actually
and I know that we aren't going which is
really sad but you guys should still
totally go and get tickets for our show
because we are going to be doing
something very special and very fun
there we talked to Corey universe
we were just going to do like a Skype
calls to do like a Q&A with you guys in
the audience but we thought about it for
a little bit and we were just concerned
that perhaps our Skype might not connect
as well as it should so we have this new
fantastic idea in which we are going to
turn to you guys and give you total
control over what we are asked and we
are going to film a short video that
will you know premiere and only be shown
at the screening at buffer festival and
it will be like one of the biggest q a's
that we've ever done so we wanted to
just sort of like hand you guys the
reins and let you take over and ask
whatever you want to so the way that
we're going to do this is we're going to
turn to the Twitter's and we're going to
you know just let you guys ask whatever
you want not all of the questions will
be answered but we'll do our best to
answer ones that get asked the most
frequently or ones that we feel that we
can answer within reason so if you guys
want to participate in this and have one
of your questions potentially be
answered at this screening and this is
really big especially for those of you
guys who are in the Toronto area you
should totally go and see this because
we're not going to show this video
anywhere else it is super-secret so if
you guys want to get on in the Q&A all
you have to do is turn to your Twitter's
and you have to be following myself and
Charles and all you have to do is type
your question and then at the end just
use hashtag buffer Q&A so I'm also going
to be checking through the comments of
this video to you know see questions
that might get asked frequently from you
guys on YouTube so that's pretty much it
like I said we're really bummed that
we're not going to be a buffer but we
know a lot of awesome people are going
to be there and you should totally still
go and support your YouTube community
and all the other fantastic youtubers
that have worked so hard and totally
deserve your attention and you guys
totally deserve to meet them it's very
it's a very cool thing to be able to
meet your idols I remember when I went
to the first VidCon and I met people
that I looked up to on YouTube and it
really inspired me to like keep going
and be more creative with my videos are
you doing something better I'm partying
great I felt like your presence the
entire time look like I think he's back
there doing something distracting by
what should they do don't forget to
subscribe if you guys are brand new my
name is Charles this is Allie Zoe and
that's creature more and that's Marlee
alright guys like he said if you're
brand new to our videos please be sure
to click Subscribe if you have not
already it's free
and it's awesome and also please don't
forget to like this video or thumbs it
up or give it a cookie or whatever the
hell you're supposed to do okay I would
love a cookie alright everybody thank
you again for watching today's video we
really appreciate you taking time out of
your day to come and hang out with us
and as always we will see you tomorrow
good night
worse yet
giddy with child tripping
with just opinion Harry
you
