ba-ba-ba-ba
you like that bone you've got disgusting
puppy slobber all over our floor and
there she goes I put some peanut butter
and both their bones and they're having
a ball it's a good way to keep them
occupied diesel doesn't like bones
because Ally gives him his medicine and
actual peanut butter so he's terrified
of peanut butter get hard know these two
it cracks me up so bad
speak English
she's hungry and cranky yep they're
cranky do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do
do-do-do-do-do I have a few trauma do
anything ding ding ding ding ding ding
ding ding ding ding ding
she likes Futurama yeah I thought you
were down why do you have to be such a
liar
you're lying kitty oh my gosh that's
what she should be for Christmas or
following a lion you'll be a lion you
sound like a weed whacker right now okay
a lawn mower okay or Harley
okay I need your bike the bear a Ducati
uh-oh what I still don't know what that
means
I gotta upload the video dude you wanna
help me oh it's right here cat and you
can't be just a parent that's wrong I'm
we're just a perm actually Internet why
do cats purr I think I read somewhere
like scientists have no idea I
necessarily why or how something like
that I read something there she goes now
you're burning in today we decided to go
to Morocco you know it's been a long
flight it's been a long flight you know
I mean but it's kind of worth it our
tickets we have season passes or year
passes to Busch Gardens and we are
almost to the end of a year and we
haven't used it nearly enough and
apparently they switch our photos ticket
so when they scanned me Ali came up and
we mix can't Ali I came up and the guy's
face was like today would be actually a
nice day the sun's going away so we came
to the theme park which one do I go to
first
I'm so bummed that okay if that means
sick I have to use this right now
because they caught me using the other
camera so I have to use this until we
get on the ride so
good we actually got pretty lucky on
that one just when we I want to say it
landed got back they said that there's
lightning in the area how that call
screen is going on right now I don't
know if it's started it's gotta be there
setting up everywhere I'm stoked for a
Halloween Horror Nights I was find that
would be more fun this is what we tried
to do what you couldn't do I should have
displayed on your face the devil he
likes turtles three things on timeout
right now
worst-case scenario we at least got to
come for free to ride one roller coaster
so I still think that's a little bit
and it was front and we're getting
exercise speaking of which am i beating
you right now I'm beating you fart big
old elephants part yeah there's a ride
over here what is it called tidal wave
pretty much essentially abandoned so I
wanted to see if I can be a bitch is
just gonna be nothing cuz there's a
water ride just wanna see if you can see
anything oh well you can yeah it's just
showing they're all abandoned so sag
though is such a fun ride look at it
it's so creepy that's real it's very
loud and I only got half of that because
I couldn't turn the camera on I hear you
girls and boys let's get out of here
come on guys hop in the car can you
imagine
I'm down the road and like I'm a bunch
of lemon goes in your car with their
heads like poking out their necks aren't
strong enough so there's flopping all
over like those noodles those beauties
you like cruise up on like a stop plate
and there's this guy or girl who thinks
they're too cool and they're like
lounging in the car and then I pull up
and I got all these flamingos in my car
I'm just saying probably slightly insane
area normal operations have been
temporarily suspended please seek
shelter quickly and safely all outdoor
shows attractions umbrella we should buy
leave you want to know fun fact in
college I had to do a piece on animals
or something like that and I remember
taking my old camera and going like this
and I had this on and it's swung right
here and it snapped the lens this pole
right here right in the middle of this
bridge that was before all those
warranties saloon well we got at least
one ride in so I feel like that was
victorious then we shut we shut it down
they were like okay there they left now
the cool people are gone so I don't know
what I have no idea what I'm talking
about what what the hell is this like
yes
looks like the grace I know it does look
like the greys and people of Earth I
know what they're doing by the way
there's a new episode and I watched it
without you it was a good one
thunder park over there I'm hitting it
our car is so quiet that us yep that's
us what was that one more time
yep no I knew we walked over there what
you want to say it again you're right
yes yep I gotta say this is pretty nice
of Ikea it feels like we're always
trying to do something okay so I see
lots of Marley hair and diesel hair feel
like we're always trying to do something
new to the house but I think that's good
because like once you get everything you
want in the house I feel like you get
bored and then you want to redo
everything versus slowly doing things
but if you're looking been doing a good
job considering Ali and I have no idea
how to decorate anything a very
potpourri mismatch for a wedding
registry I'm not sure again who it was
at CTFxC or actually sent us a set of
gold silverware as a joke and it's so
funny it's like my favorite one now and
apparently they have it here too
it's just so ridiculous I think it's too
awesome all right you hungry let's go
get food that's some fancy stuff right
there
gotta get the chicken meatballs in the
lingonberry it'll close my mind this
point seven dollars for all this plus
coffee free coffee cuz we remember is
let's just take a moment Lucy your hair
just take a moment a valley post roller
coaster
beautiful sweet this is how I get all
the boys to come to my yard okay so
getting ready to spoil
hey we got pigs don't they like pigs
what can we get them give him a big old
basketball get a giant pencil
now diesel needs that one you think
they're like hi-low naturally anytime
Ali and I go to any store we come out
with it was a bunch of toys for the
animals now we have plus 1 so we have
even more I just can only imagine what
kind of crazy toys we get for our kids
did you know Toys R Us just filed for
bankruptcy - Mr D gets the pick first I
would if I knew he'd go for that
I knew he'd take the bird mars-like I
want this one I want this one I know at
this one what do you want
okay spoiled dogs don't want anything
they just want our love want the Buffy
the Zoey's mummy that's always do you
have your bird you get your dodo bird
since you're a dodo it's just here let
me show you okay focus focus okay focus
okay so go here all right put your
finger right here then slide down to ten
yeah well we've got it keep it straight
yeah so this tenon and then ten
no Sydney 10 then 5 then open somebody's
a little bit hungry it's so funny if you
look carefully she sticks her nose in
there she almost drowns herself and it's
not like you don't eat 40 times a day oh
is that really give you guys your daily
dose of the Kin Kin a hungry little one
cuz you're getting so big girl oh yeah -
she's definitely getting bigger if you
guys can tell before she was like in the
palm of my hand and you could still see
my handcuff she's getting much bigger
she looks a lot better than she did come
here you little cute thing okay so
that's her now let's cut to when she was
a little little kid I don't even know if
she was as tall as that but but she's
getting so much better and so much
bigger there's this little snuggler
she's got quite an attitude and
definitely is developing a really fun
personality but a little hurricane
Kitty's doing well
I was telling chart earlier today when I
walked into her room that she had it
looks like she hopefully stepped in her
milk I'm hoping that's what it was then
stepped in her litter box and then
started walking all over the room
because there was little kitty cat
prints everywhere on the floor and I'm
hoping it wasn't that she stepped in pee
and then you know I think we had to go
for recording so I'm not really sure it
was kind of funny and kind of cute at
the same time seeing all these little
itsy-bitsy tiny like this big not even
that big like this big kitty cat prints
all over the floor this cat thinks this
blanket is her mom like crazy this is
all she does thanks we were pretty
adorable I kind of sat at the same time
but yeah I think she's pretty taken care
of
apparently this cat really likes bacon
your friend she likes this thing she's
not letting go okay so before we go to
bed I want you to do something cool
perhaps breakdance freakiest there we go
breakdance again Oh roll over like a
turtle be a dinosaur PETA oh you still
got it
here we go you still a little dinosaur
you give me a paw good boy there you go
it's like thank you I gotta go finish
today's video
so that way Ally and I can have fun
movie night we always try to watch a
movie night that's just kind of our
tradition our unwinding tradition I
should say don't forget to subscribe
guys with notifications that's actually
really key and I will see you tomorrow
good night
