good morning guys so today - your
suggestion I'm going to try fresh
cranberries in my delicious smoothie god
that's sour I gotta give this an alley
so you have to eat both these at the
same time to challenge it's what I just
did it I don't do it yeah just put them
in mouth and eat them
I'm having that hello it's really bitter
does it taste like cranberries are
healthy here I give me a handful of
although I'll double what you did I'll
do for ya weird bad weird texture yeah I
hope we did that what are you talking
about that's great yeah very fun that'll
wait y'all have some good news we had a
lot of people a little bummed out that
they weren't able to get the signed
posters cuz we sold out before they can
get them so we are signing another 500
posters right here we just got them
today Laurens gonna help us do them no
we what are you doing making a mess so
if you missed out on the sign posters
last time we have another 500 available
at CTFxC merge comm along with the
hoodies right now so it's pretty cool we
have a bunch of stuff in stock right now
here we go another 500 more make this up
dude he's always trying to find her
specific toy that what you wanted
does the cow it's not a cow what the
hell is this thing
of course you it's a dog valley so you
think when we get the Zoey Molly dolls
and give them to Zoe she's meet the eyes
it's kinda messed up to think about is
that what is Marly doing you're hanging
out looking outside enjoying the day
look at me look at me
Marly look at me you disrupting my day
dude I would say today's a beautiful day
it is kind of gloomy though but the good
news is that it's cold which is nice all
this this gloomy rain in Florida usually
means cold weather the next day which is
awesome and I got a spatula spatula
spatula say November 2nd can I take
these down now Ally can I take this down
all done although I must admit she did
an awesome job with it it was pretty
awesome everywhere
I hate spiderwebs I need some help
I think I'm doing it wrong having
problems with the web get it the
internet then WW the original web of
having the problems with the original
web the hotel mami walked through a
spiderweb let's go go go tell her
Zig they'll get this stuff off me you're
smart
exactly even figured that out she walked
through a spiderweb who's listening to
the no doubt song if she walked through
a spiderweb yeah I won't get this stuff
you watch your mouth though that's not
exactly how I act my way but I don't eat
it like you just try it look at her ear
her opposite ear is down so as promised
I think was yesterday's blog I said I
would tweet a coffee to the winner or
the first person to wear a top hat and a
CTFxC hoodie do you guys have any other
ideas for contests or minigames so we
can do more of these things on Twitter
let me know in the comments below so
we're driving now to go up dinner with
Jessie and James and everyone cuz it's
Jesse's birthday so everyone say happy
birthday Jessie how it is she tweeted
five he's 25 didn't sound like she said
she's turning five I literally thought
like when you edit this like listen to
it again
you have to where it's required
so we're at pack house cafe and its
really loud it's awesome because it's
like you know like music but so how'd it
when they're playing really are chilling
your hair like that these are like those
cups everyone had the 80s with this
twice as tall you have some double
vegetables deliciousness I gave out of
my my biscuit I want you hanging out
with your best friend
this is Zoe's best friend barley your
best friend is that little blanket yeah
always yawning she's attached to dentist
by the hip all the time
literally healthiest snack parents ever
come up with there are ants on that and
then basically ants on a log you just
take peanut butter i I've been using
this is they get cockroach on a log I
use almond butter cuz I stopped eating
peanut butter
celery almond butter or peanut butter
and some raisins it's a healthy healthy
snack my mom used to trick me to eat all
the time see another cottage before the
clumping up raisins have oh so weird
there's like shriveled grapes and the
test mmm grab healthy so I got my magic
wand so we could finish Harry Potter
Ali's been making me watch all the Harry
Potter's I would have been super pissed
had I've waited each time and went to
the theaters that have to wait two years
for the next one I'm just very impatient
I like this who's binge watching
everything so we're watching the Harry
Potter and the twilight of Breaking Dawn
I think that's what it's called I'm just
kidding what do you want you go in your
gamer chair but I've kind of borrowed
since I've been playing GTA turn the
light off I'm tired
alright neighbor e knows it's time to go
to bed so I'll see you guys tomorrow
ooh I think there's almond butter on my
hand if you guys are brand new to our
videos don't forget to click the
subscribe button it's free and it's an
easy way for you guys to see is
everything
they also if you take a second click the
little like button down there though
then you guys enjoyed the video remember
there's more sign posters on CTFxC merch
calm if you guys want those honestly
this is probably the last time we're
gonna be able to sign these for a long
time so if you guys want them first-come
first-serve as well as the hoodies i
know i don't want to keep saying over
and over again but you'd honestly be
surprised how many people forget about
it or just don't hear it today is day 8
of chemotherapy
I still feel great I didn't really feel
too bad my appetite is still kicking ass
so what I'm hoping is that it's focusing
rid of the tumor and all the cancer
cells and just kicking some ass right
now I hope you guys enjoyed the video
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
once again toodles
psst
with child tripping
with DNR we don't forget
you
