good morning Zoey go get it toy with the
toilet what toy do you want this is my
favorite thing to do is just watch her
look like basically work what toy do you
want
she's specifically looking for a toy
that we don't know what it is
I'm not really sure I'm still looking
alleys editing yesterday's video you're
picking your nose don't cut it out find
a specific quarry you wanted use one of
the bone it's such a goofball so today I
gotta go get my blood drawn yeah I get
some blood work done because I'm done
with chemo the first round of chemo also
I didn't know nobody told me on the
internet that I completely missed all
these spots on my face so I can adjust
the head damn it braking first round of
chemotherapy is done thankfully knock on
wood I'm hoping that houses made the
lease of some wood you guys want to go
hang out with Dennis I'm taking you to
hang out with Dennis that's some fun you
love hanging out with them and all the
kitty cats I was like I like the kitty
cats they're cool hey you guys are
homies aren't you
are you homies with the kitties I didn't
say anything bad about your kitty cats I
hate needles and I hate losing blood so
this is like the worst combination of
things but I have good news if you guys
didn't know the hoodies are on sale as
of now CTFxC merch calm they were sort
of going on sale yesterday like last
year we always discontinued the designs
so they're always like specific to a
certain year so if you guys want any of
these colors or designs you have to get
them this year before they're sold out I
hope you guys like the colors and
designs Ali and I really really thought
about it for a very long time you guys
don't know how much stress we go over
it's good stress we had a lot of good
stress thinking about the designs and
the colors because it's we you know
means a lot to us we want to make sure
you guys look snappy and snazzy the one
design though that is a classic that we
always have is a
that's our that's our Jam are jamming a
jam I didn't say snappy whatever you
want to be a snappy dresser get a top
hat and a CTFxC and honey and then you
guys you're like the biggest fashion
disaster and the best person I've ever
known
what's your little contest the first
person who does that advertise ally or
myself I'll tweet you a coffee
I like that contest sacrifice I'm so
lucky I have a Megan Fox thumbs like you
have a hole in your jeans you not only
have two holes getting blood done
it's a good distraction
yeah only one vial whoo I didn't want to
show you guys the blood because I
figured you guys have seen enough inside
of Charles it's like body if you guys
haven't seen the brain surge of video I
highly recommend seeing the brain surge
of IDEO I recommend the uncensored
version and then the censored version if
you want to see me cracking jokes the
whole time may or may not have dropped
my camera again it was kind of like when
you're filming and those doing aligns
yeah like when you're filming a screen
with the camera it sort of does this
like weird like flicker like the refresh
rate you can see it are you a computer I
have computer if i refresh right on my
my my face is a little too fast can't
the camera can't keep up before we get
all crazy and running a bunch of errands
I'm going to force myself to take a nap
the doctor CTFxC or so that I have to
take more naps throughout the day so I'm
just listening to you guys you guys have
been yelling at me on Twitter and in the
comments so I'm taking a nap officially
today the doctor will see me now what
the hell are you guys doing there
I have no sleep they're not allowed up
here
I missed a memo I feel better why don't
you feel better don't make fun of me
guys don't make fun of me ally already
has so I woke up at 3:00 a.m. and i
pre-ordered it and luckily it wasn't
like the five where it was a big giant
hoopla anyway so I got the iPad her and
I was thinking about doing a review
because I have the iPad one and I have
the iPad 2 so this thing about doing
like a comparison video so after this
video I'll have a link to that so you
guys can go check it out I know I'm a
nerd I'm a huge nerd time for a little
stroll gotta keep that exercise probably
got to keep that heart rate up
there's always captain illegals over
there you can't walk a straight line
that's why we call it captain Wiggles
myspace angle day two of the aftermath
of Africa MO so I guess is day seven and
today is the only day that I've actually
felt sleepy like actually tired nothing
to the point where once just pass out
but out of all the days all of the days
today was the day I was actually the
most sleepy I was still functioning he
just brought whole jug of water
stay hydrated hydration is key
hydration is life so I'm just finishing
up that review that I just shot that'll
be at the end of this video for iPad air
and Ally's gonna make a delicious meal
chicken breast and sauteed broccoli and
spinach so doctor trippy is becoming a
chef trippy then we got to do this go do
your gingerbread after that you know
so I redeemed myself yesterday with the
gross this one was the best one
what do you think it's good this one
from baby poop to actual delicious it
tastes like dessert you're welcome
healthy dessert all right so we're gonna
make a haunted house and I'm gonna try
it by hardest not to eat all these
pieces of these are never good they
always taste bad but these are always
good not B's these are always terrible
too yep that's a tombstone Internet is
there anyone out there that actually
likes black licorice if you do you're an
alien come check it out
Thank You ginger ass I think that candy
corn is from 1964 possible getting that
just missing a gaping hole a center of
the roof
she's like the character from Monsters
Inc but like the Rose or whatever I'm
always watching you with that oh I am
watching that's true she is always for
watching check it out that Oh cackles
thanks to house
nice gonna do passion I don't wanna like
a feeling I want to have their wallet
alright we're constructing guys teamwork
so that's what our front looks like it's
not too scary
would you guys enter that front door
that's a very very pleasing house these
drunk driving Spyder
are you kidding me
the roof is on fire hello my name is
Jimmy pop and I'm a dumb white guy older
noob of middle school fifth grade like
junior high you don't know all the words
dude I used to know the whole song I'm
kind of like Han Solo stroke in my own
Wookiee oh I used to know it all guys
like I'm a googly-eye ghost fabulous
fabulous ma'am you're doing it wrong YUM
mmm would you expect to happen looks
good you need my awesome tombstone
though I'm gonna catch that bitch first
you wait show us around the house here's
the front here's the fine here's the bag
here's the other side alright Internet
from one to ten scale give us a one to
ten scale I feel that's a ten I think we
did a really good job I feel like you
did most of the good work gonna show
them all my bad work in the back good
that's my work my googly eyes fell in a
candy corn you did a lot of good stuff I
think that's good now I think I feel
like we did a good job alright guys if
you see we're out on the video you can
go watch the iPad air review that I did
also a friendly reminder that the
hoodies are now on sale at CTFxC merch
calm and I got a piece of cake for
celebratory needs but I just wanted to
let you guys know the iPad air video is
live you can click
and go get the hoodies at CTFxC merch
calm you guys are brand-new the videos
don't forget to subscribe I'll see you
guys tomorrow
merci psst
with y'all trippin
with trippy and Ali don't
