hey guys my name is Charles Trippy today
the brand new iPad air came out and I
couldn't they couldn't hold out just
it's like one of those shove Apple to
take my money type things anyway so I'm
gonna do a little iPad review of
destruction I have my iPad one over here
okay we're here it's pretty much a brick
and then I have my iPad 2 right here
that would open up the air I'm just
gonna show you some comparisons I
haven't opened this thing yet it's been
pretty much killing me do not open this
obviously what's in your dogs and
trotting around okay let's get this open
okay the iPad already amazingly like
that's crazy that it feels like this
honestly you guys have never picked up
an iPad Mini this feels like just like
the regular mini I'm not even
exaggerating that just blew my mind
right there got the little break in
there got the Thunderbolt cable pretty
standard stuff who remembers a day when
Apple used to give stickers good still
give the stickers they do I was taught
us peaking too soon you know of course
they still give the stickers first
offices check it out
this is tremendously alright so one of
those things where it's kind of hard to
describe I guess you just have to like
go to the Apple store and physically
pick one up but yours turn on I went
with the white and the silver just feel
like that's the classic look but then I
got the red to cover I just feel like
that looks the coolest it's too much
cooler well this is booting up let's do
some first comparisons I speak English
barely back up my other eye bag so I can
restore it to this one don't want to do
anything too crazy you lose everything
I went with a 16 gigabyte Wi-Fi version
because honestly I I had all three of
these iPads and I've never ever really
filled it up I gonna take it around take
photos if I do anything it just streams
through the iCloud and with my videos I
just screamed from a wireless harddrive
so I don't ever have anything actually
on my
and ever so 16 gigabyte is very
sufficient for me
and I would have to spend more money and
I never give you a 3G of our 4G or LTE
version
I feel like that's a waste because I
have to lug this around as well my phone
first things first let's just check out
the comparison between the iPad 1 and
then the iPad air who's coming over here
which dog is coming over
I guess Zoe I think she saw a reflection
and what on the right is the iPad 1 and
the one on the left is the air so you
guys can see how much thinner it is
never mind all the Halloween stuff my
wife loves Halloween so she was
decorating our house so here's the iPad
1 right here I hope you guys can really
see and this is the iPad air
tremendously thinner and this is
actually kind of hurting my left arm
this is like honestly like lifting up
dumb I don't really know the actual
weight of the iPad 1 and this review is
never about expext and tech stuff it's
about it's gonna get dumped down review
just basically is it good do I like it
and honestly wait heavier than this
Louis switches to the sand oh that's
much better
it's like swinging a baseball bat with a
donut on the end of it but like I said
this actually feels like the mini
version the full mini version and it's
actually a full version right here it's
pretty crazy and I wanted to show you
guys this right here this is this is the
iPad 2 cover and I just want to show you
how much smaller it is okay so it's just
like pretty much overlaps right there
yeah what's it overlaps that's how much
smaller it is okay let's go to that head
- okay here's iPad - I'm going to show
you the iPad air cover just show you how
much smaller it is so that's what they
cut off on the iPad air from the iPad -
okay this is about 1.4 pounds I think
this is about 1 pound as you guys can
already seems like thinner and already
is it's kind of in between the mini and
many regular iPads and this is I like
what I say is about 1.4 pounds this is 1
pound so I honestly don't know appoint
for our pounds of
tremendous them up for you guys the main
reason I really wanted this was because
every time I read I like to read at
night and every time I read I have my
face and I fall asleep it just hits me
like the bridge of the nose to be honest
with you guys a couple weeks ago I
actually bought a mini and I took it
back because I saw they were announcing
their new iPads because I like the size
of the screen but I also like the way
that the mini and I feel like this is a
good marriage between the two so here's
the between the one and they - which is
about the same weight the other thing I
wanted to show you guys so this is the -
radio okay and this is the air I wanted
to show you guys the bezel like so much
smaller the bezels so you can see here
this is the air and this is the - you
can kind of see it's got the more
rounded edges on the air it's got the
stereo speakers he's got the Thunderbolt
cable and here you look at the - and
it's got the mono speakers and then it
also has the the cable that everyone has
that Apple decided to switch make you
buy million cable adapters really the
the difference is when you pick it up do
what I honestly really want to do is
because I obviously know there's a
difference between all these because I'm
an idiot and I research all this stuff
to an extreme but my wife really doesn't
she just knows if she likes something so
I want to get her over here at the pick
of all three of them to see if she can
actually notice the difference between
these and the other I'm pretty sure she
will but I just want to go get her solo
go get her
hey Ally you are on trial
pick up the iPad one I bet one is
actually really you know pick up the
iPad 2 that's the middle that's two
that's pick up the air can you feel a
considerable difference actually yeah
when I picked it up in the store I was
like oh it's the same with all the other
ones so this one weighs like well I
don't care to try the one to the air try
this that's a good they've done the
design a lot of pressure issues it's a
lot Ally approved so with every new
Apple product there's always a bunch of
haters out there that are like Apple
just makes the same thing just packages
it makes it super expensive which is
really kind of funny because I remember
being one of those massive haters when
the app iPad first came out like it was
called the iPad and when nicknamed the
maxi pad even Microsoft and a lot of
other companies were just mocking Apple
along with myself and everyone else
being like tablets are so useless why
didn't I what I just want a giant iPhone
which is kind of funny because I
honestly thought that that I got I got
the first iPad actually gotten it as a
gift and I just fell in love with it
it's great for reading I know a lot
handers are just like Apple just barely
tweaks things and then releases it to
the public and it makes you buy another
whole thing to that I would say between
the iPad 2 and iPad 3 kind of felt like
that and honestly between the even the 2
and the iPad air there's a tremendous
amount of lightness and design change
that has occurred that I don't think
that they're just repackaging the same
thing like honestly this airs I really
like if you're looking for a tablet I do
like this and I know it's gonna be
sturdy because it's running iOS
operating system my phones running and
my computers running so I didn't know
it's incompatible with all that crap so
at least I know that's work versus
buying a random tablet and not knowing
the fingers crossed that the things can
actually work with your stuff
I know real world application this works
my phone works it's the same operating
system it's just a smaller version
you're on I mean we should check the
camera cuz they upgraded the camera and
all that fun stuff so let's do that
all right so the iPad air is on the
right attack choose on the left so you
can see considerable difference doing I
still wouldn't rely on my iPad first
camera it's still pretty bulky I mean a
bitch what happened this isn't the first
iPad with an actual Retina display I
think the four and the maybe the three
had it but they were like super thick it
about as thick as the iPad one they're
really heavy it'll really cumbersome in
annoying the thing with the retina I
could show you on that get with the
camera but honestly you're not gonna
tell from the camera and filming it you
have to just see it in person you see
the difference is in the retina yeah
every single time I look at Retina
display for like the first couple of
seconds it almost like hurts I'm so shy
wow that is crazy though it's really
insane I've never looked at them like
this side by side this looks like a
photo and this is like a photocopy yeah
route under there
sorry dog
Hey she's hungry anyway so that's my
iPad air review of destruction I kind of
like it it's pretty cool it's definitely
gonna be something I could bring on the
tour bus and all that fun stuff dogs
that would make you wear socks in this
house if you guys keep trotting around
like that if you guys want to see my
other reviews I'll put it at the end of
this video don't forget to subscribe if
you guys are new my name is Charles
how's it going guys this is a splatter
is I'm not named you guys can name him
don't forget to click thumbs up if you
guys enjoyed this video
Zoe socks she stops moving to go soft so
it stops
