officially the grossest color smoothie
I've ever made
there's like white like a white green
but the good news is I'm still doing the
healthy stuff so that's it that's the
positive I'm afraid to try this alley
gonna try this first
you guys try it first I don't even know
if you can tell what does it taste like
I'm bad it's got one of those leak hey
over here
good morning what are you going you'll
say hi right
you're burning everyone - okay just let
me get comfy first hi Internet you're
the girl no issues last night guys
high five high five home to myth almost
mr. high five you're tired
I stayed up 7:00 a.m. making sure I was
fine she was on card here's one watchdog
so today is Halloween as you can tell
from our intro I have an idea of her a
costume Lauren's taking me to go get a
costume right now I'm surprised Ally she
has no idea when we dress up as it's
also Dennis's birthday today as well
he's a Halloween baby so we're going to
the party store I have an idea hopefully
they're gonna have the stuff I need
we'll see going into the belly of the
beast a party store on Halloween it's
probably the one place you don't want to
be we're gonna be fighting each other
it's gonna be like what's the call
that's what Thanksgiving Black Friday
step one do you guys know what I'm gonna
be one size fits most
we're not my head apparently
they're what I'm trying to find
something in the prop closet ma all
right you have to go I want to go my
costume on see if we can find Marley's
squirrel costume and Zoey's dinosaur
costume they need to be dressed up too
well where's the squirrel costume or the
lion or a squirrel runs away nothing all
right so step one step one I have to get
a actual goatee I've been growing my
beard out so I can actually do this full
disclosure I've never actually had a
goatee so I'm really sure even how to do
this properly every guys kind of figured
out though I'm trying to be what do you
guys think full goatee all the time it
doesn't look like that's weird
step two this one's gonna be a little
bit harder to do not really sure how
this even look it's probably kind of
cheesy uh internet which is closest to
my skin tone of course once this is live
I'm not gonna know I think this one this
one right here right one two three four
or five tell me in the comments so I
know if I screw it up or not I think
it's to that's where I hear that smells
like poop - everything smells like
disgusting poop oh there's distractions
see that's what it looks like right now
when I mean it'll look like this I
actually think I wouldn't need eyes help
like I'm gonna do this for myself so dr.
Ali here to the rescue obviously I
thought I was gonna be able to do this
but I can't cut this crap currently so I
always gonna make me bold okay I sent
you have a giant condom um I had done it
like no condom would fit your head get a
magnum you do a great job keeping me out
a little bit can you tell the part I had
to do give me a good tell the part Ali
did the part I tried to do all right so
I got my dollar store of glasses I think
I'm pretty close they're gonna put the
hat on
I don't know that right I don't know
what I just did but first I guess I got
to cook my first batch I will show you
guys this delicate process of cooking
this this thing I just dropped it
dropped my rock candy I mean my mess
thank you first yeah I got a package for
you stuff the stuff you ordered oh is
this stuff you ordered I remember this
this is from October October 5th
you are so creepy oh my god if you guys
didn't know this is definitely Holly's
favorite holiday what are you doing
I think this is good though it looks
good
reminds me of October 5th October 5th
you're a dead drunk dead drunk
I'm clever than I look so we're going
out to eat for Dennis's birthday and
we're gonna go like this
we couldn't find Marley and then this is
where we find her you hanging out with
kitchen please don't put this on the
internet my reputation is gonna be shot
kitchens hanging out with you you're
exposed Marley totally exposed
happy Halloween Internet it's the
weirdest thing
you forgot your mat look that way so
they can see your bald head it's so good
everyone on the internet thought I
actually shaved my head I wasn't
committing that much to this Halloween
costume this is my dad's birthday
happy birthday dentist in the comments
today and then Dennis will do 50 shots
that why she ran away what she are you
guilty dog do you eat something bad I
being guilty did you do something bad my
mark when we come home and Marley's like
just like happy them runs away and does
that that's how we know what she did
something bad I want to eat it all no
walter white ya know - have enough you
guys want some crystals on that I can
put some crystals on that it's give me a
couple minutes time to go back to
Charles cuz Marley is super scared of me
I don't like this Heisenberg character
go back to Charles Wow that's what I
look like holy crap that's scary
I think the flap is coming off now and
now Charles is back tada
my hair is so sweaty gross right now
that's son of a bitch I'm gonna be
finding the liquid latex for the next
like week it took like 20 minutes in the
shower just going like this just finding
little bits and pieces ah worth it so it
is 12 o'clock that means
Halloween is now officially over as
promised November 1st today I could
CTFxC merch calm you can get all the
hoodies as every year we always do a
limited quantity just because of space
hoodies take up like 5 times the space
that t-shirts do so we're not able to
fill up a warehouse like we're normally
able to like I said there's pullovers
and zip ups printed on American Apparel
which is the nicest hoodie material you
possibly can have also it means it's
November 1st which means the beginning
of no-shave November so I will be doing
that in support of brain cancer this
year so if you guys are doing no-shave
November tell me in the comments I will
not be shaving my beard and respect to
awareness of brain cancer so just
another friendly reminder hoodies are
out right now I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video we're gonna go watch Harry
Potter and the Phoenix of something this
was the most boring one by the way
goblet of Phoenix
it's a goblet of Phoenix fire nailed it
hope you guys had a great Halloween hope
you guys enjoyed our little Breaking Bad
video today how long do you got chemo
before you can be a drug kingpin
apparently the answer is six did you
know that six days just six the number
six one due tomorrow build our
gingerbread haunted house yeah okay
we'll do that time should we do that
tomorrow guys also don't forget to click
the little like button if you guys enjoy
today's video and we'll see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night
bye bye toodles it's gonna be our new
good night toodles
worse psst
with y'all trippin
with Deanna read
don't forget to eat Marley
