sir your your pant flaps are on the
outside pants on I want them on quick as
possible on carefully inside or outside
apparently on 5 a.m. I had a seizure in
my sleep no not apparently you did I did
so that's awesome
if you remember during the surgery they
had to stop because I lost control of my
hands that's the little section it was
probably messing around with my hands
hopefully that's what's irritating my
brain right now and causing that because
obviously they did ninety-eight percent
there's still 3 percent that's why we're
doing all the chemo rewinding that and
double check your math there Prince I
woke up and he was having a seizure like
I woke up to like the noise of him
having a seizure that was crazy but we
were joking around that it was the most
comfortable seizure he's ever had right
after a seizure sometimes his heart
rates a little high blood pressure's a
little elevated but we didn't need to
bring him into the ER right away he went
back to normal or back to baseline if
you will pretty quickly so it's it's
fine I really think that it's just
something else crazy going on they poked
his brain hey my little doctor I was my
new doctor by the way so we talked to
our surgeon and he said that at least
should become a doctor now so she pretty
much knows everything about everything
about this whole situation and I agree
what do you guys think doctor trippy do
you think she's gonna put it in the
family we have a doctor in the family
now the most adorable thing was that
Zoey and Marla jumped up on the bed and
they stayed right next to me cuz I just
woke up and Joey was world right there
basically spooning my but you were
making sure it was okay she who scared
me as soon as I came to this one was on
my chest looking right at me with those
big old eyes all right there's big old
cute eyes she's probably I was learning
how to climb dude you're not supposed to
be doing that see guys
she doesn't know that I see her doing
this right now Marley Marley what
exactly are you doing over there so if
you guys are following me on Twitter you
probably notice that Starbucks has this
new thing where you can tweet coffees to
each other last couple days I've been
having like a little gift animated gif
competitions like sending me the
funniest gifts and whichever ones make
me laugh I tweeted coffee to some
members of the CTFxC and I just sent Ali
the funniest ones I go look at them so
if you're not following Ali and I on
Twitter make sure to do that at Charles
Trippy and at Ali trippy yeah these are
all from the CTFxC these are the winners
this is my favorite hmm
I want to do more of these little
contests or competitions just because
they're fun and an easy way to reward
the CTFxC for finding awesome funny
things you guys want take a little walk
it'll walk you walk you already
stretched you're ready to go do you want
to go for a walk yeah this sounds great
let's go do it what are you trying to do
trying to get that thing off your face
you hate that thing though yeah you want
to hook them up so please get it off I
hate this thing
come on guys get this thing off my face
you guys are new to our videos this is
not a muzzle
it just keeps Zoey Marley from pulling
because people get mad at us for
muzzling our dogs they are not muzzles
it is actually better than keeping them
on a regular leash because for dogs that
pull a lot like they pull when they walk
as they get excited by squirrels and
stomachs it doesn't show them what it
does is it goes right around there's
like a pressure point right underneath
their eyes on their snout and it just
basically pulls their face down so it
doesn't choke them it just kind of stops
their head from going forward so it
stops them from walking and versus just
ripping their throat
yeah we all know that's what you would
do if you had it your way
come on buckaroos you ready to go for a
little golf car ride so we just got your
stuffed animal prototype and let me tell
you guys it is awesome so they're almost
done they're just finishing up some
touches
we got Zoey's done we got Marley's
prototype where are we going do we take
a right take a right so Jesse just sent
me a unreleased rough cut of the chip
chocolate music video and he wanted me
to see it so that's this is not released
yet I think he's gonna release it soon
they did an amazing job you guys are
gonna love this when this is out I love
it shout out to our close friends Jesse
and Jeana not sure when they're gonna
release that video but when they do make
sure you watch it is funny are in for
the I mean it's like the best I'm so
pumped for again so as a couple we've
never actually purchased our own TV so
this way actually got us a gift from
Google to the Google TV this was last
year's Christmas present the years want
to see how I organize cables I love you
see that it's just nothing but darkness
and cables everywhere so we went I did
it the couple thing got ourselves a new
TV Oh what you bought a new TV I was
just there you this was what I call
Charles's crisis purchase it's one of
those things because the new technology
and vlogging and cameras is something
called 4k it's the next above 1080p and
cameras will eventually be this size in
4k which means the next couple years we
will be vlogging in 4k you won't be able
to see every pore on my face is that
amazing
Boop let's set this TV up on put some
video games why you unplugged the
internet that's the scariest thing you
could do all Halloween's take away my
internet fix it fix it fix it fix it fix
it now I have no internet to keep me
occupied you gotta be fuckin kidding me
the internet it's unplugged please relax
things that you never hear said ever
it's official Marley I got Hospital
socks in my own house how do you like
them Dennis gave me a bunch of his old
once what he used to go to the hospital
Dennis used to have to go to a hospital
a lot because you know he likes those
dirt bikes they used to do some crazy
stunts so I got a bunch of his show off
all our retro video gaming system we got
a Nintendo 64 then we got a Gamecube and
then I guess that's retro now did you
ever think the PlayStation 3 font looked
like spider-man looks just like the
spider-man font just rip it so I gotta
do did you just put a razor blade in
your mouth you're such an idiot
take that out it must be happy it's got
a penis no what hmm TV's got a little
boner this is Ali's job reading the
manual when you lift up a 55 inch or
larger TV your Thu MD your your thumbed
thumb touches this serene hmm power
did you know Ali's never seen Saved by
the Bell though no it's because I was
busy watching Dragon Ball Z so I'm not
allowed to touch anything
I'm the one that caused this mess I'm
just filming
this whole mess down here apparently
this was all in there I didn't even know
I that's that's how bad it was I just
threw all that so magical it's a smart
TV
everything's smarter than me so push
baby up I want to watch Harry Potter
things I never thought I would ever say
Ali hooked up the whole surround sound
alright guys well that is the end of day
five aka the first round of chemotherapy
so let's just talk about what happened
today I had a seizure it was really it
was a crit this was the weirdest one I
think I've ever had but funny enough the
best position I could have ever been in
and my comfy bed we talked to all our
doctors the good news is it wasn't
really anything to be totally worried
about often after brain surgery that can
happen on top of all the other stuff but
none of them were concerned that it was
the chemotherapy palace that I came to
really quickly it was a little longer
than normal but it's called baseline
where you become normal or you're able
to function focus and respond still it's
definitely not a way to wake up in the
morning Ali and I were joking that she
doesn't need an alarm clock anymore
hopefully that never happens again
because those suck seizures if you never
had one I hope you never do have one so
the fact that I didn't have any problems
from chemotherapy is good enough for me
so I just got to keep trucking that
feels like such an 80s metalhead thing
to say I love all you guys if you're
brand new to our videos something good
to click the little subscribe button and
the like button so we know that you guys
like the videos so we'll see you guys
tomorrow
have a great night bye guys
waiter
psst
without tripping
to be an ally don't forget so anymore
