hello everyone so today is day four of
the chemotherapy the last night was
obviously night four so far this
afternoon I'm feeling pretty good which
is good because I have something really
cool to show you guys one of the top
things that the doctors were saying is
to learn new songs like things that I
don't just know like I obviously know
we've kings stuff have been practicing
with the King stuff and it's actually a
video game too which is even cooler but
yeah today is day four of basically
taking poison I told you they were
coming by to hang out
they shirt come bearing Halloween gifts
them so I like that I mean in my attic
right Toby go shopping I think I like
this pink hamburger they love Toby
attack Marley loves Kobe he doesn't go
crap such a doofus first time my mom's
got to see this guy freckle you don't
jump very much I didn't wanna hurt ya
thanks so remember a couple weeks ago I
said we're in the midst of doing Zoey
and Marley toys I just got the proof I
can't show you guys until they're
completely done but Allie can see him
that's why there's another one oh my god
though they look amazing just get
excited they'll be worth the surprise
trust me I think you should probably go
and take a look at your princess of a
dog she has her own like draped throne
area now oh my is this fabulous for you
and then there's Zoey on her bed why are
you guys always yawning when we're
filming you can I go show him what I got
today are we that boring
cochon what I got today yeah I want to
play what'd you get all right
Ubisoft makes this game called Rocksmith
we played it last year and they noticed
that I was having problems getting back
into playing guitar it's essentially a
video game but you could actually plug
your base or your guitar into the Xbox
Playstation or a computer and then you
can play real songs or a real guitar
it's not like a fake guitar so you're
actually learning skills which is great
because my neurosurgeon told me I need
to stop playing songs I already know
start branching out to songs I don't
know so I'm gonna show you guys this is
awesome
yeah it's really cool because you can
learn you can learn so you're
challenging yourself yeah you come out
with an actual skill of playing the
guitar so if hitting plastic buttons
alright let's get started step one what
the game in your xbox or whatever
console you're playing in step two you
plug the cable into the Xbox or the
PlayStation or your computer and you
plug the quarter-inch jack into the
actual guitar get the ball Zoey wait
show my butt to you hell oh you got a
bone Coby came over as you guys saw and
then she goes into hiding mode cuz we
always give Coby a toy or he takes a toy
so she always hides her favorite toys
this is why I like this is because it's
a nice fast easy way to learn how to
play an actual skill the guitar or bass
they want to do it classic let's go to
the Ramones everyone knows their phones
let's go let's go so I'll plug the
guitar
grab your bass plug that in same way so
plugged into your console so you got
tune your bass guitar
so I'm gonna pick it up a little bit
what's going to do rise against last
year on work towards actually forward
with these guys
so again I just want to say thank you to
Rock Smith and everyone at Ubisoft for
sending the game if you guys are
interested in and go to Rocksmith com
put a link down there in the description
this is really gonna help me with my
recovery and there would be this is a
fun therapy versus like squeezing that
ball therapy this is this is a fun time
progressing my mind making me learn new
things so you guys want to check it out
put this stuff in the description below
you guys can play guitar base yourself
your goal is I want to see you guys
playing Slayer I want you guys to do
Slayer on lead I want to play Slater a
lead no rhythm
ma'am what are you doing ma'am look at
that little bandit there jump in that
garbage nature's thieves I want a pet
raccoon
they have found something
look almost lost it okay a raccoons are
indigenous to all like States want some
carrots
you don't like carrots anymore yeah I'll
crotchy in your old age bars like
carrots
what come on jump good jump take a bit
half my finger off you bit my finger off
just kidding Internet it's okay like
you're like you're pulling a thumb off I
remember my own clothes my dad used to
me I would finish carrot apple ginger
there's lemon in there too Charles
always makes me try his concoctions I
don't like the ginger thing I've been
using raspberry so doesn't look like
baby food that's good though it's good
for your tummy ginger is good for your
stomach so we got to go through the
rundown what happened today
my stomach is fine I didn't feel tired
again didn't want to vomit or do
anything like that
day four then just like all the other
days I think again Malcolm fake wood
that uh I might be okay with these side
effects so tomorrow we gotta go get
there's a cognitive test just to make
sure what my brain is gonna be the same
before and after chemo tonight is day
five or night five which is the last
night and then I have three weeks off so
five six and seven are supposedly the
worst days so hopefully knock on floor
wood there's no issues I honestly think
having the job I have keeping busy
filming and doing a bunch of stuff is
really helping because keeping my brain
active it doesn't let me sit around
having fun with these videos it's helped
a lot by five you're missing might be
easier if you're sad Zoe set of us good
job thank you guys
also today we were pretty much working
constantly on a bunch of videos and
getting the merch done because the
hoodies are coming out November 1st so I
was trying to finalize all the designs
and the setup for that
it's hoodie season in the world and
that's like my favorite time I love
hoodie season this is Ben Ali's
toothbrush for the last couple days
because she lost hers
think it was gross and I didn't want to
keep you little baby one I don't like it
find preferred okay bar League in vacuum
my last dose of eating poison it's kind
of crazy because essentially it is it's
like it's like a controlled poison
you're essentially poisoning your body
last day of your first cycle eating
poisoned here we go down the hatch Oh
gross last one high five well done
alright throw this bitch away damn trash
be honest how many people just yawned
right there anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video you guys are
awesome don't forget to subscribe for
guys are brand new or click thumbs up so
we know you guys like the video she does
enjoy the laundry room again 32-yard
primate I've been probably everybody in
the Internet yawn lon I'm going to bed
goodnight guys thanks for watching
and worse yet sexy
with trippy
Jiji
Betina
don't forget
you
