good morning Internet another beautiful
freakin day though your ears are totally
up right now Joey Jeff Goldblum Joey go
be cookie
Joey just completely ignore me good girl
let me see those ears why did they do
that every once in a while are you
making sure you can hear everything guys
having breakfast with me again anyway so
today is officially day three on
chemotherapy it woke up totally fine
I slept totally fine last night starting
off with a nice little smoothie of what
the heck do I have in this one I think
it's carrot juice raspberries
strawberries avocado banana spinach
think that's what's in this one looks
freaking good I think the raspberries
really help practice practice practice
practice
I like your hat what get in there
what what everytime insanely Wow
don't look at me like you don't know why
you're not allowed out here your little
ass I saw you go over there and try to
roll in squirrel football there does
your sister being a nutjob I was just
about to come out here and film how good
you are that you never take off and you
never do anything bad and there you go
just one point she does she's she's
rowdy right now it mi Wiggles wait wait
I was just about to come out here and
film how good you are that you never
take off and you never do anything bad
and there you go
this dog absolutely adores being outside
it's the cutest thing she just will sit
out here I literally leave her by
herself out in the yard I obviously keep
an eye on her from it what what I
obviously keep an eye on her from inside
but she's so good I can just leave her
they stopped yelling you're like a
crotchety old man oh I can't say that
very loud so my neighbors are really old
walked right into it so you know I like
being restrained good good
Oh oh my god it doesn't fit her neck her
neck is too fat Zoe did your neck
seriously that fat right now this is why
sit ready sit you got so much fluffiness
let's see oh that's why that's why your
colors out the video I love everyone now
he's trying to break me right now she
gave me a piece of chocolate what I have
Nene cotton candy did I do that all
right here we go
first candy in like weeks worth it worth
it I eat that in like three seconds so
pretty much in a second or third home
now I love gadgets I love gadgets so I
always getting ready to shoot an ask
Ally on her channel right now I think it
might be the actual stand but first you
got to do a little bit of repair on the
lighting kits handiwork make sure your
pictorial tutorials is good by the way
you guys want to see something this I
don't know what to do with all these
these are some of the misprinted hoodies
and shirts I kind of want to do like a
contest or something better I'm just
gonna take it all the goodwill ours well
don't add it to somebody who needs it I
don't know if you guys remember last
year the last two years pretty much
since we started we were doing merch out
of the house literally our entire house
was basically a warehouse and then dftba
came and saved the day and that's why we
have CTFxC merch now that's pretty much
why we have a house again - so thank you
to those guys for being so awesome and
taking this off our hands
so today's day three of the chemo and if
you want to say obviously you guys can
see I'm running around I still feel
great last night I had a little slight
stomachache but I don't know if that was
just because I ate later or something I
ate or if it was just coincidence but so
far day three I haven't gotten tired
luckily knock on wood I think that's
made of wood that sounds like what no
really issues written as oh it was just
me knocking on wood no way at the door
see is just me knocking on the table so
far no side of
I'm not one who throw up not getting
tired randomly when I come in Charles
corner and talk the gal puck so what's
going on guys is your food up here I
would love to have some thank you guys
for all the support today again as
always you guys every single day I wake
up I check my out replies on Twitter and
there was always hundreds of you guys
being so awesome making me laugh but
yeah day three in the bag and I feel
great
would you do would you do their face
with the track are you all right the
ears go down like a little gremlin like
I'm really hurt did she hurt you Marley
give the saddest look the ears go down
here's go up Marley oh do the little of
like little evaluate a film or video by
the way that'll be on Ally's channel at
the end of this video or remind you
she'll teach you how to become like a
dead person with makeup look how fancy
my set is not my other right burned out
so I we have one line right now which
totally sucks whatever to be afraid be
very afraid I'm not even moving them
because it doesn't do any good for me to
move them how King weird as that's you
guys it's like grossing me out to see
myself I can't even imagine how you guys
must all just be throwing up in your
mouths
this is like the weirdest thing I've
ever seen thank God we have eyebrows
it's like eyebrows and belly buttons
those are like the two things that you
really need division on your body with I
am a little tired you're scaring me and
laid dead oh it's just what ca6 he did
it's really gross oh it's honestly
pretty gross make a sexy dude face
this is so frustrating I only have one
light because this one just magically
burned out so I had to put this away
closer to the camera and bounce it off
the mirror in order to get kind of even
light on my face but it's so close to
this camera that when I'm using live
shooting mode it is literally burning up
in the camera so it's like it keeps
shutting a lot when I keep trying to do
it and it's testing me off Charles
hasn't seen me yet almost the camera
keeps shining off because it's too hot
that's creepy too I read I read her left
that's pretty much it that's creepy you
moved your eyebrows so weird I feel
through the bad like everything's kind
of melting off like my IDs eyebrows
would be better but it's getting so hot
and there it's literally melting the
glue off my eyebrows what do you think
I'm ready for Halloween I can tell the
feed the dogs and I saw you to stand in
there like that database if you want to
go see how Ali did this go to
youtube.com slash Ali links down there
in description or click here on the on
the video somewhere no easy on me this
was my first time doing this kind of
makeup I think the teeth was a nice
added touch it I don't think that Ghost
Busters are around anymore
so I guess we're finishing a movie three
of the Potter movies or the Lord of the
Rings part - so what's the same again
what was that guys the prisoners man
what's the first a serious black his
Goldman here's a fun little thing I've
noticed that Gary Oldman in every single
movie looks completely different from
wasn't lieutenant what it was the
lieutenant and Batman right and there
was another movie was in yeah yeah he
was dude with the half hair was that him
honestly a fun game is just Google Gary
Oldman's roles and just looking out
crazy at every single movie looks like a
completely different person
Marley gonna move over so Lauren can
watch the movie ready for day four
where's the water here's the day four
okay here we go here we go
all right guys so it's about time for us
to head to bed um I just took all that
makeup off my face was like hurting my
eyes have all that crap on there about
my new video the thing I was just
filming obviously and why I had that
makeup on it the tutorial is gonna be on
my channel it was just a goofy fun
Halloween thing like it wasn't I mean
it's obviously not like professional
makeup I've never done like
special-effects makeup or like haunted
spooky witch makeup before so go easy on
me because I think I made a couple
mistakes in there but that's the way you
learn right you gotta you know start
somewhere but it was really fun to do
and I hope you guys just enjoy it as
kind of like a you know baseline of how
to do spooky makeup you know just to
learn how to block out your eyebrows and
stuff like that I'm still actually sort
of perfecting that because my eyebrows
are insanely hard to get rid of but I
hope you guys enjoyed today's video and
we'll keep you updated with everything
with how Charles is doing he seems to be
doing really well so far so fingers
crossed that keeps going the way it's
going be sure to subscribe if you guys
haven't already and be sure to click
thumbs up on the video to let us know
that you guys enjoyed it thanks again
for watching today guys and we'll see
you tomorrow as always tonight
yes
with trippy
we're CGI
with trippy an early
