good morning guys I just woke up and I
rounded the corner and I see this what
are you planning on doing no shame no
shame it's gonna be one of those kind of
days so Zoe and I are having breakfast
today
so you're facing the wrong way dude
you're enjoying the beautiful day my bar
and I love my house
such a gorgeous day today hey come on
and sit out here with you okay put your
leg down
you little freaking you know fall
asleep you fall asleep so you draw me
like one of your french women right I
put some pants on
you're not Donald Duck you need some
doggles don't you you ever wonder when
you see these like candy things like how
long the candies been in there feel like
that minims is far the youngest but the
gumballs are part of the oldest probably
years old
I'm not supposed to film in here but the
security guys over there drinking coffee
doesn't see me so we're getting some
last-minute makeup tutorials so Alec in
a freaky lashes for my video that I've
done to you thing so if you're not
subscribed to his channel is this
youtube.com slash Ali al Li and she's
gonna teach you guys how to do dead girl
makeup party I got this I guess it could
be good dead boy makeup too you can pie
use the same same path tactics I can
give you a hint it's inspired inspired
by it's not totally like a replicating
but inspired by one of my favorite music
videos when I was in high school it's
just the only cook now I'm not saying
but if you're not subscribed just
youtube.com slash Ali it's up on the
screen or link in the description go
subscribe to her channel because she's
gonna start doing some more videos more
often so Halloween's coming up and that
means we have to go get some get
decorations and costumes what are you
gonna be
there's a dead girl just a dead girl I
was Indiana Jones I feel like we're
taking decorations a little too far
that's kind of messed up the simplest
yet creepiest Halloween masks I think
ever
so creepy I hate it yeah
the backwards hat makes it perfect you
look like that's like why don't catchers
do that in the major leagues during
Halloween they're catchers master to be
a ho a CPA that you do a little bit of
an ICP fan you're a Juggalo Oh
irrational fear anyone you know it's so
awful stop hair leo
bleeding machete why would the knife be
bleeding why wouldn't you be bleeding oh
no that is horrible like the hair that
is disgusting like they just don't that
wave hands in the air wave em like you
just don't care look at yourself and
then let's get your reaction that is
terrifying
was he smoking Devils are oh that's kind
of Awesome this is a cool that freak
eats is awesome
I need a hazmat suit and you're ready to
go I don't like that at all you are
going down Batman that's a ripoff that's
like a ripoff of scream caught it that's
a ripoff of scream and Batman scarecrows
Mike Myers that's his name isn't it
Michael my alert Myers sorry the proper
name Michael there's my nice
all right plus slightly creepy this is
from the Black Knight never on the Apple
Keynote at the Black Knight you need to
look in the mirror
come here that's crazy
where's Charles can you find him in this
shot I can't find him
you disappeared for a second
it's like Waldo the yellow book the last
page on the yellow book whether the Hall
Waldo's the most impossible one if we
find it without the shulay thing I think
Charles should go as whatever the hell
that is for Halloween tattoo shirt guy
there's not enough tribal tattoos on
there dude she called see check
you didn't call see check at the kitchen
table Marlon
that's where I found her this morning
hop right up there like yeah hey guys
this is my area get down get down what
the dog does not listen what it's like I
want to get down but I don't she's
mastered the art of cuteness that's why
we she can do whatever she wants you
shouldn't do that though again we have
too many of these look at that one
though no one's all warped I'll get the
white one yeah but the albino ones I
want so much candy right now sucks
you're gonna have the decorations never
heard of it that is like a tree trunk
what are you doing what's the matter
daddy messing with you don't let him
mess with you Marley don't let him do it
jeez if you daddy after you this doesn't
look like food all right that's pretty
adorable
hello bugs bunny Marley bunny you figure
that lkz spit it out
what's wrong they eat it all right
Internet if you don't like the video
just on the sheer cuteness factor of a
dog trying to get a big guy and carrot
the Internet is broken so make sure to
LIKE the video now otherwise Marley this
will be your finger right where I like
show me a ferocious face Marley was that
a burp was that a burp what was that
we're on to play tug of war it's gonna
be a fun game good job you figuring it
out can I get you to eat one the love of
God Marley during their dog treats can
you do it now the daddy fell backwards
hello guys so what I'm gonna try to do
at the end of every single day is kind
of talk about how I feel just to kind of
like see and kind of document the whole
process so what I'm doing is I'm taking
300 milligrams every single night before
I go to bed of tamid are I say that
right timid are was just like an oral
pill you guys have seen the last couple
days once a day for five days straight
and then I have three weeks off so far
the end of day two
I still feel fine I have known
already pinned my stomach or anything
like that I don't feel loopy I'll fill
it in pain I don't feel anything right
now I feel actually pretty pretty normal
as you can see if we ran errands today
it was totally fine I haven't felt
sleepy or anything like that as well
which is good does doll good news that
I'm not having weird side effects what
is that that's good stay away I've been
sticking to my diet of raw foods and
Whole Foods for dinner right now I'm
drinking carrot juice blueberries
raspberries avocado spinach and I think
cucumbers in there and then what I'm
trying to do is have like at least once
a day have something good like a
sandwich or something says sandwiches
are my favorite food but getting back on
to the chemo I totally feel fine I'm
having no luckily fingers crossed no
real side-effects trying to keep my
immune system up by eating healthy
hardest part about this whole process is
to keep my stress level down you guys
know me I'm pretty much spaz and that
doesn't mean we're trying to slack on
the videos or we're trying to be less
entertaining but if if one video is
shorter than another we really
appreciate you guys understanding of the
situation because we want to keep making
these videos and being connected with
you guys you guys are all really
motivating and grounding Hallie and I
every time I read the comments or my at
replies on Twitter and in the video
comments below especially yesterday I
was laughing so hard at the yesterday's
video Thomas basically you're yelling at
my brain you guys were pretty clever and
there was a lot of your momma jokes and
then I would realize never even heard of
I just really wanted to say thank you
guys again and just kind of I want to
try to do this every single day I'm
going to try to sit in this chair and
just tell you guys how I'm feeling
because I'm not talking to just this
I've seen past this I'm seeing right now
you guys right now sitting at your
computer screens right there I see you
so hopefully days three four five and
then six the day after there's no issues
but what I'm kind of reading is that the
drug is kind of like cumulative so it
kind of builds up so today's like six
and seven after once it's all in your
body is when the effects kind of really
started happening I'm also reading
because I'm so young and we're gonna
have such a good diet that hopefully
it'll just kick right through it but
think the worst part is just keeping an
eye on Marla
doesn't rolling poop again so which one
are we on now number three
their hair parted over three Lauren got
pushed out of response doesn't even care
you're the smallest one it does this is
Temodar on it mm-hmm I'm nervous because
Dahlia 3 is supposed to be the one where
it makes me tired no you'll be fine
well tired great news you get to sleep
in your brand-new bed all day
Wow some Bibble uh-huh and you can just
play GTA 5 while you lay in here smells
like fish food it smells really bad
actually it smells like it's really
weird I don't even know if we talked
about that but that it smells bad like
the actual medics medicine in the bottle
smells bad it smells like fish food you
know like the flake you've issued flakes
that's exactly that's exactly what it
smells like it smells like chemicals
wait
worse yet
with y'all trippin
merci
with charity
