sorry guys almost dropped you good
morning how's it going guys
I'm gonna hang outside because it's so
freakin nice out you want to hang out
with me and have breakfast guys gonna
have breakfast with me goes your
breakfast get on the table
so no crumbs go everywhere okay I guess
you could do that so last night was day
one or night one I guess of chemotherapy
luckily I didn't have any like side
effects I didn't feel nauseous that's
the number one and this morning I woke
up normally eight o'clock Ally fed the
dogs I took about to go to bathroom I
feel like maybe it's gonna take a couple
days for it to like build up or
something for me to feel any symptoms
but right now I feel totally normal what
I got to do is five days I have to take
these for five days straight and then I
guess I have three weeks off it's kind
of weird that you take them for five
days then you have three weeks off it
seems to like kind of strange like a
long time I don't have any more
breakfast you really had your breakfast
no you can't have that at mine anyway so
I just wanted to update you guys I
totally feel fine
no symptoms no side effects so far
hopefully not ever but I feel great
right now actually I got a really kind
of funny corny idea I'll put the camera
facing this section and I want you guys
in the comments to just yell at the
tumor I know it sounds corny but like I
think it's kind of like a motivational
thing so then when I read it since it's
actually in my brain is to send all
those positive vibes to it and shrink it
even quicker so I'm gonna I'm gonna put
it to my head right now are you ready
guys all right stay whatever you guys
want to it out call it call it ugly tell
it your momma jokes do whatever you guys
want give it like a threat cuz then I'm
gonna read it and I'm gonna send it
through my brain signals I know it's
corny but it's kind of a fun little
thing we can do this all as a team oh
look the first time you dropped it yeah
oh no but wait I'm about to do something
so corny but wait was it protected by
your brand-new CTFxC merch calm / board
/ org dot dot trippy dot such a
shameless plug it actually worked
dropped it in the case actually kept
different breaking we don't recommend
that test but it apparently works that
it will protect your phone in the
unfortunate event that you drop your
phone that potentially could save your
phone I mean that's a pretty good
there's no real other way to advertise
it than to say it's a just brand new
phone watch Marlee she actually likes
these things she loves them that's good
point eggs like bananas she won't need a
banana
she's poop and vomit but she won't eat a
banana that's where she draws the line
it's days are numbered okay now you know
when Marley's talking a serious business
have you ever been told that this is
actually considered rude I've always
wondered that was why that was brewed
although the noise is gross but I feel
like it's actually not rude I think it's
like a compliment to the chef because
you want every single thing you know
what I mean of course it is what Miley
Oh what are you doing
this stairs like us we hit this stairs
Zoe and those Charlie don't be alarmed
but you have a dog head growing out of
your crotch I don't know if she knows
when things are going up going up
because there's really truthful no one
here
no stressful okay Bertha Reynolds look
at this leg what I kept doing your
whoring it up Marv but you know what I
feel like you're just trying to put your
butt on Zoe's pillow it was out you're
doing
please somebody Photoshop a bunch of
curly chest hair on Marlee right now
that would make my day
trying to get the hoodies all taken care
of and just listen to D re because he's
still those girls so these are coming
I'll get all the designs all ready oh
yeah I think you're part werewolf okay I
hear you impression Thursday
it's pretty accurate more time no I feel
like kids is like all in his throat so
if you guys didn't see our bonus video
that we put on the tripi channel
yesterday Ali's gonna love this our
buddy Trudeau mark made this so if you
want to go check out app links in the
description or click here on the screen
basically the in-depth explanation of
Pokemon for somebody like that's an
idiot like myself who doesn't get it he
did a really funny job so he said to put
on the tripi channel so I did woo kid
now today has been one of those workdays
we've been I didn't realize really proud
of us right now blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah can i stir that all
together I'm really proud of us we did
nothing but work today
I got a basic was in front of a computer
getting all the new Hoodie designs
November 1st the new hoodies are coming
out we have the pullovers and the zip
UPS so those will be out November 1st
thank you thank you the colors hang on
Ali pick the colors our buddy called
designed him so I'm really pumped it's
baseball I was this one I don't know
what I said either this is a little
blooper right there guys when he's
talking if I know that I'm gonna not be
able to edit what I need I look good by
just I start that over every blue blue
blue I feel really good right now
I got a sandwiches okay so dance okay so
dance Ali those burritos don't get me
wrong I love burritos
whoa what is that an enchilada a fajita
what if this is a chimichanga same thing
and I love sandwiches
it's a Tommy Chong guy Tommy Chonga so
I'm starting to realized that my wife is
probably the most famous person at do
you want a flat every time she goes
there everyone knows her name it's not
Cheers
they're really nice you need to get some
free burritos they've given me free
stuff before you need no more pumpkins
you literally have six in the front of
the house we're not getting any more
pumpkins
really my wife everyone what is it so
what is it so helping your big sister oh
my god that's cute Marlene she likes
these trees you have a problem already
watch Harry Potter
nice shirt there Lauren alright though
your turn to those is panting okay it's
time to watch Chamber of Secrets cuz we
just finished the Sorcerer's Stone did
you like it it was pretty good
awesome they got better I'd say except
staying over and over that Hermione
she looks like Princess hard she totally
does some misleading it's like this like
cheery pink and white so date day one
wasn't bad I didn't feel anything so
here's the day-to-day - Cheers
cancer always feeling really good
feeling confident this thing's got no
chance and before I go I mean this with
all my heart you guys are being awesome
are we doing sorry you want to say
goodnight Dogzilla have a great night
guys hate sneezing hate it
the other waiter
were safely attacks man
giddy with y'all trippin
with childcare theory
