hi squirrel friend bye squirrel friend I
was gonna have him clean the gutters
since he was up there good morning
Internet so today is the day and I feel
like this is deja vu literally doing
exactly what I did a couple days ago
Marley being a brat what are you gonna
do we gonna do that is poop do not do
that again
Marley that is poop do not roll on that
please
hey stop I'm gonna punch you like a
little football so today is the day that
I have to start the whole chemo
treatment not gonna lie a little freaked
out like I said yesterday I just stepped
in a little pissed off now I'm not
freaked out I'm pissed off divert my
emotions there Marley I think she's
unintentionally helping me I just
realized yesterday I completely forgot
to show you guys the pills that how
crazy the packaging is you see my gonna
find them alright here they are
this isn't insane it's so freaky isn't
it
got the biohazard thing and everything
told you I wasn't joking around what do
you want
so I was just sitting here trying to
finish up the editing and uploading
right now and every once awhile I hear
this one there's smacking the bell and
coming around the corner and just
staring at me
you got so sassy sassy sixes is that
what you want you want trash if you have
to pee gotta hit that thing right my
it's a trash can
I really wish the bills on the trash can
it's so much more fun watch the
differences on how the two dogs hit the
bell first one is Zoey boys how delicate
she is hit the Bell
hit the Bell that's my hand okay so
delicate and kind of goofy the
difference is between the two dogs um I
don't know if you guys can see that but
I don't think that dog has a license to
drive a truck that size that is a
tiniest little dog I've ever seen I see
you I see you I could talk to you now
you can see look at the size of this
thing and look at that dog I often
wonder if I'm taking them for a walk if
they're literally taking me for a walk I
feel like they're just always taking me
for a walk that your lawn
we don't live there is that yours now
though do we own this house good job
Zoey look at the right foot you a
clunker good job you fixed it you guys
good two rounds of walking I think we
did like a mile you given up you want
that thing hugs your face please take
this on my face I don't like it you
don't I think you guys if you're new to
the vlog so we cased it a little gentle
leader I guess I went on a walk I'm very
tired
good
that's just our couch Marley no big deal
so we just filmed a quick little video
for Jax films for your grandmas your
grandma sucks your grammar sucks your
grandma doesn't suck she's a very
pleasant lady in the camera
we're on and like in the room she got up
right in front she just later in and
down the camera I'm here so what I've
been doing is doing the juicing and
smoothie diet pretty much for lunch and
breakfast and that dinner I get to do
whatever I want
you need something substantial every
once in a while just fresh pesto
homemade and chicken on a flat bread
whole wheat staying healthy still
look at those eyes just peeking over
your ears don't give it away at all
Miley oh yeah wait that's Macho Man
Randy Savage what does it call a man do
things the same thing doesn't mean what
is he doing this we require blood like
ninja samurai kool-aid so he uploaded a
photo of Marley to my Twitter uh-huh
I showed me how pink her nose used to be
I know it's weird it's like totally dark
now you had a dark nose now baby it
happened I miss your pink dose these
pills look really strange I don't know
if we actually told you if any of these
pills are actually broken you're not
even supposed to touch it with your
hands hence the biohazard symbol which
is not the band unfortunately which is
really crazy like you can touch it with
your hands yeah I'm gonna put this in my
body
it's like essentially poison you guys
got my back do you guys have my back
when I'm on this stuff you're gonna be
really good while I'm on this mom I know
yes from both oh yes
appreciate that searching the speed
family video archives because Charles
has never seen any of the Harry Potter
movies so I am trying to borrow and
bring one so that he can see them I
already found the DVD is my mom seems to
think that we have them on VHS I really
don't think so I could be lots of Disney
God that's right there every time I got
sick when I was a kid I would always
watch Aladdin I really don't think we
have it I have hip-hop kids learn to hip
hop dance yeah what this is educational
don't laugh dude you practice this stuff
yeah yeah I know this is badass I didn't
even realize that she was in here I'm
reliving my childhood right now oh my
god oh we're just finding gem after gem
in here Jurassic Park Top Gun War of the
Worlds
we're watching
I've never seen Harry Potter I've never
seen Harry Potter but pretty much I
wanted to wait until the yeah is time
using baby so I was waiting for all
these movies to come out so I can watch
it I I hate waiting for like what are
they called series our trilogies or this
is seven so what does that be in the
comments tell me if you've never seen a
Harry Potter I know there's got to be
somebody out there that's not just me
I'm the only person literally it's never
seen do you have to say it like that
that's what's the same okay it's time to
zofran girlfriend is the anti a cute
yeah yeah that's the scientific term
anti Naja there's your alarm
that's the Zoey alarm oh it's just nap
time that's actually you've figured out
a way to make it so that so he doesn't
get sick in the morning so we just have
to give her a midnight snack so she gets
fed three times a day you lucky duck
that's right there we go okay champ
let's do this if I can kill this thing
here goes everything
right alright so here's the day one of
chemotherapy basically day one of
destroying this stupid brain tumor
speaking of brain tumor if you guys have
not seen the uncensored version of the
surgery basically all the footage that
we cut out of the first video clicking
on the screen
literally when I say uncensored I mean
everything you literally can see the
tumor getting extracted I highly
recommend everyone watching at least one
time just because it's just so
fascinating you can see my head open and
then think about three weeks later are
back on stage playing check yes Juliet
it's just so crazy to think about I'm
talking to you guys now totally fine so
please everyone go check it out at least
one time just I heard
I thought I was the three-headed dog
from Harry Potter alright guys I'll see
you guys tomorrow as always have a great
night I love you guys secret phrase for
today is just you tumor because the
CTFxC as a community we're just gonna
destroy this thing and I'm gonna get
back to normal I'm gonna get back on
tour everything's gonna be back to
normal so I love you guys I'll see you
guys tomorrow as always
have a great night bye bye
wait
were safely at sex
giddy with y'all trippin
through it with Jerry
you
