is that a new favorite game
already such a good to hug good morning
everyone
as you can see Rika is venturing off
it's carrying diesel he's like what's
going on come here come here
good boy d oh by the way our dryer is
working flawlessly now yes yeah you put
your face in your food I'm put you in
the dryer
you want to jump can ballsy so it's like
she loves feet and Tails or at least she
likes Marley's feet and Tails
she likes to just lay next to Zoey
listen to Jake and made a parade okay
we'll be right back and let's go to
Kitty cam all righty now let's go to
Kitty cam
so obviously I don't need when they get
five six Apple watches so yeah you grab
the helpful TV Ali got which one did you
go on Ali decided to get the 42
millimeter so now we're matching we're
twinsies
don't need these anymore don't have that
many appendages yes I do before have one
in each hand and like legs but it says a
lot the fact that I'm actually taking
back the Apple TV I don't even want it
especially for me it is straight up
so we had to come check out the glass
back on the I've got a said it's pretty
sick looking it's actually kind of cool
it doesn't do it's not perfect obviously
but kind of cool
I am so handsome look at that but our
review the studio light with the black
around it just does not look good your
face uniform right in the center that's
kind of cool actually
that was cool I like that one so in my
opinion I feel like I see where they're
going and I feel like it's kind of cool
it's definitely a novelty but it's
definitely not without its hiccups I
quit driving Wednesday we're actually
getting the office in the bedroom florid
on
fitted with it right that's a that's
really messed up people do it
Segway there's something positive we are
going to get our floors done on
Wednesday but the only thing we were
missing was the grout and we went to
this place actually Home Depot told us
to go because they didn't have it
because alley found a special kind that
she wants and they don't have it
anywhere else otherwise was four weeks
right but well there's a great place
that we could recommend to go to that
will have it in stock because on
Wednesday we're actually getting it all
taken care of we're at fast track we got
super freakin lucky see this we needed
two bags and that's all they have
they're sold out other than this super
lucky and it's cheaper okay so we spent
I don't know how much you spent on tile
grout it's only 13 bucks for 1350
roughly I can drink that I think that's
cool ally doesn't think it's cool I
think it just looks a really old school
do you guys agree with me one of the
cheapest things we bought it in this
entire project sure seriously and the
easiest but you know what's gonna crazy
is that these are both 25 pound bags
these little things are both 25 pounds
kind of insane okie-dokie you teach an
ally how to use her watch now the
competition is going to begin although
you're winning because you're cheating
that's what you do it going like that is
not going for a run
now give me a plie
No
earlier today I love you dog she was
like limping she couldn't put her left
foot down like she was faking it
obviously now look at her she's totally
fine she's pulling like I don't know if
you guys remember years ago we thought
Marley did something to her like foot or
something I don't know what it was I
took her as a vet the emergency room vet
it cost $400 and all they said was all
she's fine she weather-wise saying it's
been really weird we just got back home
from meeting up with Melissa and a few
other people it's like 6:00 what you're
seeing on screen is kind of what the
weather is like right now it's very
strange it's the first is it officially
the first day of fall or was yesterday
those no I think Oh yesterday which soap
is heart really really weird what's up
Florida is like summer summer summer
oh it's first a fall let's turn into
fall yeah I mean I'm not complaining
it's it's great because it hasn't been
blazing hot it's been 91 as a post of 97
or 98 it definitely makes me feel like
it's I mean obviously it makes me feel
like it's all but I'm like I'm super
excited about Halloween now that the
weather it's like kind of kind of
changing and it makes me makes me kind
of excited like you buy pumpkins
how I think Universal send us there
again I hope that we're like the CTFxC
30 annual Halloween Horror Nights
Universal Studios collaboration I think
it's going to happen this year it's
honestly one of my favorite things to do
every single year and one of my best
friends comes down
from Philly every year to go to
Halloween Horror Nights and actually
this year they're going on Friday the
13th which is kind of cool I think maybe
I'm stupid but I think it's kind of cool
I'm very excited for her very
superstitious I think it's like a
superstitious thing right
I don't know Internet maybe you guys can
tell us that okay sweet ballz 13th day
yeah other than obviously Jason Voorhees
trying to murder you
yeah well well well well well well well
well
too many wells also you're miraculously
healed apparently we had to get a
wambulance earlier because actually
she's walking yeah like that she she's
like walking perfect now bunch of
carrots just carrots a little jerk then
again she did get some pain meds so
maybe that's what she's done she's she's
seen little pink elephants everywhere
her new friend is now Marley she's
definitely getting along with everybody
where I should say the dogs are giving
along with her it's so good you're gonna
deserve a lot of stuff
check out the best friends Club over
here is though your new mom that what's
going on buddy
the cutest thing ever so you awesome
however if I do the line
she likes this
just like Zoey did she was a little
funny
right one two
