good morning interwebs time for one more
doctor's appointment before I stop to
start a stupid chemo crap so today I
have to start chemotherapy and they
wanted me to Bank my sperm one more time
just as an extra precaution luckily I
was able to get a little later
appointment though that's six m'aimes
nine am still kind of early for us it's
only early because Sally and I are
unfortunately completes insomniacs so we
can never get the better actually on a
regular time no let's go stop it
uses like five different things you like
your button your pod now you don't you
only know what you want to you the water
is super choppy today hungry banana
what does that fit their hungry face
alright just sayin you the funniest gif
ever look at it I cracked up so hard
when I saw this llamas are like Marley
just big Marley's just sassy little
things now he's talking to Zoey stocking
with Marley - I left the fridge open
wide hoping my back what's wrong with
your foot dude it's not one thing it's
another geez really you have more
problems than jay-z because he's 99
problems it apparently a bitch a one but
your problem is that you are a bitch
because you're a female female dog
sad music as she has a hundred problems
which is pretty accurate get it yeah
inappropriate oh it's true I have two
bitches on the leash right now that's
what's funny about Florida it's so
bright but it actually feels great right
now this car is it three-dimensional can
you feel it that lumpy you asked me if
your head was three dimensions no scar
you idiot yeah that's you're an idiot
yeah yeah that is so crazy how like
perfect it is that's the same good
surgeons yeah they did an incredible job
speaking of surgery a full surgery is on
the CTFxC Channel right now at the full
one the uncut version like the stuff
where you could see my brains and all
that stuff you can watch that how but
only get into this video or it's on the
CPS SCDF XD channel or link in the
description Ct SFX see but if you're a
little soft stomach just a warning I
mean it's a full surgery one more doctor
I actually got to go they fit me in to
the dentist
I can't go to the dentist while on
chemotherapy because you know like
they're digging and bleeding whatever
well do your teeth that's a scientific
that's the scientific reason why you
can't do both good plea count it's
because when you're on chemotherapy in
lower they can lower your platelet count
which means that you won't clot the way
that you're supposed to your blood you
can stop bleeding the way you're
supposed o just bleed out lean out but
it'll be they'll have to help you stop
bleeding you know they they don't want
you to put yourself in any situation
where you can cause believe me so oh
that's the scientific way I like mine
better though not a fan of the dentist
after all this crap I'd rather go
through brain surgery again from going
through the dentist that's an
exaggeration I would not want to go
through a brain surgery again does
anyone in the internet land have a net
like a rational fear the doctors are
specifically a dentist I feel like
that's the weirdest one
reminds me of the operating room you'll
get to see at the end of this video the
operating room footage that I was
referring to I don't actually know if
that was in the original video so far he
says my teeth are perfect that's good
all right guys
No
so apparently my teeth are pretty damn
clean that dentist was awesome that's
the first time a dentist was actually
cool to be filming as well the whole
time he was like pull the camera start
filming so that is awesome no longer
afraid of the dentist then this isn't
that scary as long as you got a cool
dentist it's not that bad what nice back
so you can get your knives easier when
you make your smoothie so don't cut
myself anymore yeah but you're not
reaching blindly into a jar of very very
sharp knives hold on hold on sir let's
go over here to Exhibit A
what is this looks like a Butterfinger
rapper and I haven't eaten one today oh
really I promise I'm laughing because I
can't ever see I can't advocate I
promise I wouldn't be the butterfiy well
I do have some kind of good news the
good news is we can stalk to the doctor
and they want us to hold off one more
day on chemo which is kind of good kind
of like a sigh of relief for me because
I wasn't really quite prepared because I
want to talk to the doctor and full and
try to figure out what's going on so
tomorrow I'm starting which is nice
because that way I can get a little bit
more mentally prepared for everything
check out the sky tonight this is
stunning I know so it's pretty nice it's
nice isn't it do you pop yourself you
know poop yourself it's reflecting off
the pond and everything - all right
Riley don't do your bad thing again what
do dogs do that kick up the grass you
guys want to learn something completely
random these little things right here
the reason why this has this little hole
so you can put your your your straw in
there and it won't move around and now
you know doo doo doo I think Marley's
getting a little jealous
oh my character what is it that you need
Marlee I just got my car Jack Farley
what just happened wartortle wartortle
wartortle wartortle city's evolved into
something I don't get I don't get
pokemon love so Ally is editing the
brain surgery video the uncut version
right now it'll be a link at the end of
this video as well as the description
make sure to go check it out if you guys
want to go see that coming out good I
don't think she can hear me she got
noise cancelling headphones again vulgar
brain I love you fart face
but muncher didn't hear anything there's
no notice cancelling headphones so he's
one for the grocery store II got a bunch
of stuff to make like pesto chicken flat
bread is delicious stuff now we got here
we just realized that we don't have
chicken so we got everything else except
chicken I have an excuse what's your
Excuse they poke my brain here they put
your brain I'll poke your brain before
after are you two enjoying a meal
together Molly's going through her sassy
sixties right now that's what she's
doing
so he's the beep to be no sleepy do you
finish the video
no all right guys the long way to video
the full brain surgery of everything the
unedited version where you can actually
see my inside my my head my brain all
that stuff I just think it's crazy that
somebody was inside my head taking
something that was crappy out and I'm
totally fine now so click wherever the
video is on the screen I just never know
where Ali's gonna put it so it's
wherever you know it'll be on the screen
or the links down there in the
description hope you guys like it it's
pretty it's a pretty gnarly video it's a
pretty intense video what I think it's
so fascinating everyone in the comments
say Thank You Ally Freddy
this and tomorrow I guess I got out of
doing the chemo starting today
so I guess you have to start it tomorrow
all right love you guys hope you guys
enjoyed the video see you small
see what you did
it's hardly wait
yes
with y'all trippin
with champion
don't forget
you
