hi my name is Charles Trippy and welcome
to this video you're literally about to
see the inside of my head and my brain
I'm not kidding see there's the scar to
prove it I'm not joking that's a real
scar right there my surgeons were so
cool they actually let me vlog it one
really interesting part about the
surgeries that I was actually awake
during the surgery so I just wanted to
give you guys a fair warning that this
video is very intense it actually is
brain surgery if you don't think you can
stomach something like that we actually
have an edited version which is on the
screen or down there in the description
we wanted to upload this for educational
purposes because we thought it was truly
fascinating the main reason why we
wanted to upload this video is because I
wanted to say thank you to all the
surgeons doctors and nurses in the world
if you're watching the video and you're
one of those you guys are truly amazing
superheroes you're literally saving
people one person at a time so I'm going
to shut up now just wanted to give you
guys a little warning enjoy the video
guys that's your brain right there look
familiar
I'm pretty aware right now it's going to
make me less aware so you're comfortable
lower extremity Bair hugger antibiotics
of traction 3 grams maker mics and one
gram and four dexamethasone
feel comfortable
this autopsy room
perfect three or four hours said yeah
it's pretty impossible to sit in there
considering you doing this alone turn
your head guy Ronald okay
this little picture the Berlin Marathon
well we gave a thumbs up to the group
thumbs up
there you go lean up yeah I have one
you definitely have one
to move right now critical to move yeah
all right you can keep that there you go
you pick up your ball a little bit good
okay
and back down good you got some we got
some pins holding your head nice and
still hold my keys I didn't find your
keys
where's Alec she's upstairs still
everything's going great
oh great and my brain is open and the TV
remote isn't that like you take a
picture of your tumor coming out how's
that with your dad musician also yeah
Greg Allman yeah gotcha
who's your favorite band
Subban Airport doing great Charles what
you need give a nickname and you go back
Charles
oh all right
I can do it there Charles although let's
say I move a wall make a base for me
that's the rate looks pretty good you
got a drinking party more so you need to
drink and party more that's a tumor
there yeah I hope you can be able to see
it here
on your hand
in there keep it calm
looks like they're getting ready to take
it out cars okay
yeah we're getting it
all right there special delivery big
yeah now they just know the tumors out
both of it motivate 95% of it that put
more water
yeah but just keep thinking give a
little more
yeah
they're a measurement of it yeah do you
relax your Hannah perfect that's really
appreciate you guys I mean I was very
fortunate to have amazing surgeon
- moving the fingers okay Charles
with these fingers
very lot of things going for a to PayPal
with a finger
doing our child
recognize this guy's house my wife yeah
I love that can i film you before what
is attached it's a chat what's attached
it's good news that your head is still
attached well it sounds a little slower
it's slower that's okay
well nice going look at you you're going
there's your mama
squeeze her hand still pretty strong you
have anything you'd like to say to your
audience thank you for the love and
support I'm sorry that was pretty gory
see I told you I wasn't kidding they
were literally inside my head their
hands were inside my brain inside my
brain they were touching my brain but
they were inside my head so I hope you
guys learned something from this video
it's pretty insane now another person
could fix another person like that
doctors and surgeons are amazing
inspiring people now I know a couple
people might be thinking to themselves
why the hell would anyone film this and
put this online a couple reasons first
and foremost I feel like YouTube is a
community based on sharing life
experiences with one another and I feel
like by uploading this it allows me to
connect with somebody else that might be
going through something similar number
two I just feel like it's freaking
awesome it literally blows my mind no
pun intended then was that in poor taste
if you're brand new to these videos my
name is Charles Trippy don't forget to
click that little subscribe button
wherever it is on the screen the surgery
element of this whole process is now
over however I have to go through
chemotherapy to make sure this brain
tumour never comes back again I'll be
filming that whole process as well so
make sure to subscribe so you can go in
that whole process together we can kick
this thing's ass together as a community
as a family I'll see you guys tomorrow
as always hope you guys enjoyed the
video
love you all thank you guys so much for
the support guys really the Internet
high-five I'tikaf three one two three
