hello guys it is still Florida but I
feels freakin amazing out Marly don't
dig that up really we spent a lot of
time putting this grass down you digging
it up little jerk this is the time of
year with Zoey Marley flip out as you
can see going crazy oh he got before I
can even say it they're so happy as a
happy dog this one's gonna chill just
chew on a stick
this one I got to keep an eye on she's
gonna try rolling poop I know alrighty
then please there's no poop under there
look at this I start talking to you guys
for three seconds and look at she found
some poop this is the same poop as last
couple weeks ago
you asshole you're getting a bath now
sometimes I just hate you I hate your
cuteness because you know you're doing
take a guess 30 seconds I was talking to
the internet what happened where is she
mom are those eyes those eyes so I look
at the camera or do I look at you to
make it the internet can't help you this
happened yesterday she's looking at me
and I'm looking at you really cleaned
what do you got
are you actually being a dog with a ball
and everything see set good catch stop
it or throw it Eddie
Marley stole the ball so Marley stole it
just ignore this is was always doing by
itself I was trimming the rosebushes so
you wanted to come out with me just
introspective self reflective time what
does it all mean how many squirrels can
I eat oh you're looking at me who's got
a flashlight are these houses
Oh what are you doing so what I want to
try to do is I would have roast my own
almonds these are raw organic almonds
and I'm going to try to bake them myself
and see how good that tastes I think it
would taste actually a pretty damn good
so I'm getting distracted YouTube has
been really crappy with the upload I've
been having to tether lately has anyone
else been having problems uploading it
like being super slow clara internet
house is really fast and it's like
taking forever it's pissing me off
I'm about to fight the internet change
of plans
gonna do a honey glazed almond gonna try
that instead I feel like that would be
better natural honey cinnamon and
almonds gonna try this nope no almonds
make you sick ah now this is a type of
candle we should have Charles as almonds
Charles's nuts that should be a candle
sin let Charles nuts fill your house let
the smell of Charles's knots fill your
house that'll be the marketing campaign
terrible idea
terrible idea ally come put my nuts in
your mouth
hey I never just went by go on do you
smell my nuts I got all any nuts put my
nuts in your mouth that take it too far
now are we taking it too far
Internet have we taken it too far you
got tasty nuts I want to know when we
cross the line below 70 degrees right
now in Florida that's that's like winter
that's like winter that's that's super
crazy and totally weather is the best
weather
I feel like hoodie weather speaking
which hoodies are coming soon guys I'm
wearing the mid so working on the
designs right now I think we're gonna do
the rainbow design and the haters design
so let me know if you guys want specific
colors or anything like that but hoodies
are coming as promised hoodies season is
coming for the CTFxC I think we're gonna
do black maybe the lapis which is blue
maybe gray I kind of like the gray
I partially like the darker colors
everybody does and they go with more
stuff I think so too I think the black
and maybe the gray maybe a purple I
don't know let me know in the comments
guys but definitely wanted to let you
guys know that hoodies are coming add
too much too much honey used to wear
that when we first started dating all
the time it's like we're first dating
again I didn't own this hat wait for
Sochi yeah you did I bought this in
California last night I want to see the
girls so you need to clarify that just
made me look really bad well okay I've
worn beanies like my whole life you used
to wear be like that all the time
hi okay see that would overcome anyone
because I washed it and now I don't look
what's on now I don't look like such a
bad husband that made me look really bad
like I should say the other day that was
terrible you said something that was
like completely wrong did I look you
didn't know my birthday or so I know
your birthday what is it
813 87 89 I know your birthday
you're like 32 right signing the posters
I mean they're almost completely sold
out which is insane you guys are awesome
all gonna give you is that's all you
guys good
I told me the comments if you know what
showed us from okay kids mom and dad
need to talk to you about something that
what it feels like it does kind of feel
like that was like we should do this
really informal because I don't want to
sit down and set the camera so we have
some good news we have some bad news
which one should we do first I like bad
news first always do bad news first
that's right so you end on a happy note
and I'm like good note so the bad news
is well it's kind of not even bad news
it's sad news you know I mean it's not
like good news the sad news is that we
just got a phone call today from
Charles's doctors and they want him to I
don't know I just did that anyway they
want him to start in the foyer
you know but they want him to start
chemotherapy tomorrow well today if
you're watching this um where does kind
of a good news thing because that's why
I'm saying it's like just sad news it's
bad news we just have news and then we
have other news that's better so he's
starting the chemo and then the sad part
the sad part of all this is that because
this is the first time he's going to be
doing this therapy and he's not really
he's not really allowed to travel while
he's taking the medication and I cannot
in good conscience leave him my immune
system doesn't get shut down but it gets
knocked down and if anyone's ever been
on a plane people farting and sneezing
coughing not an ideal situation for me
because I wouldn't be a tip-top shape
I'm gonna do all these smoothies and
juices yeah so you've been preparing and
so basically what that means is that we
will not be able to attend buffer
festival in person however however
because of Technology yes we will be
there we will be skyping there still
going to do the CTFxC show like the
little 90-minute thing that you guys did
had the tickets for which you can still
actually buy those at buffer festival
calm slash tickets I'll put a link on
the screen and a link in the description
so you know please please guys don't
pull out a buffer festival outside
fortunately you support the community
please support the apprentice eh guys
please support Cory they're pouring
their hearts and souls into this project
and we would love to go it's just not
feasible right now but like I said the
good news part of this is that we are
going to be doing a live Q&A via Skype
or some other yes satellite via said
like come to be fed like we were talking
very long I'm trying to figure out like
a situation to where we can try to make
it happen and driving to Toronto is just
way too long I mean we can do we did it
back in the earlier vlogs we got the New
York in like 23 hours yeah but it's also
just the meaning people thing and like
how shitty would it be guys if like we
went to buffer and you knew he was there
but then you couldn't see him I'll be
walking up in a hotel room like
quarantined and that would just be
stupid yeah I had a bubble then I would
get
I go oh my god do good like crowd-surf
in the bubble that would be I would
definitely go I had a giant bubble I'll
be amazing that's a huge bummer for us
not to be able to go we would love to
meet you guys I know it's like a big
opportunity for East Coasters to be able
to see a bunch of their favorite
youtubers but a bunch of other favorites
will still be there a bunch of other
really talented youtubers will still
closer and close close friends of ours
honestly we felt like we were letting
down the CTFxC but we knew you guys are
a bunch of awesome supportive
understanding people so we we knew you
guys would understand the situation we
hope you guys do I mean it's it's sort
of one that we can't really get around
at this point cuz community thing we
need to CTFxC representing cuz you guys
have to go to represent us you got to
hold it down it's like life hands you
lemons and you pulverize it and make
lemonade think that's about right right
is that kind of it I think that's the
gist of it oh oh more good news the
surgery video is going to be live uh
tomorrow day but tomorrow if your watch
Friday oh so all that surgery footage
that was cut out like the actual bring
one actual real surgery one that we did
we couldn't do in the first one we got
the clearance from YouTube but they said
it's totally cool they wanted to see it
so that'll be about Friday Ally's gonna
edit that out I'm totally about editing
that one so that's the news for today so
it's news plus good news good news good
news everyone if you guys are brand new
to our videos don't forget to click the
subscribe button hope you guys enjoyed
today's video we'll see you guys
tomorrow as always good night guys
alright love you guys
see what you did
it's
me
where's ePSXe
giddy with child trippy and alley
where
yes with chakra P and Ali
