really don't judge me really don't judge
me
you're watching keynote on your iPad
while you're cooking I'm hoping for the
new iPads multitasking don't judge me I
know it's that whole PC versus Mac thing
but I don't I don't care it it doesn't
matter I like Mac's that's basically
what it comes down to that so Danny and
Mark swung by oka Danny's doing I don't
feel as bad I was watching the Apple
announcements on my phone actually just
walked in like this live your life live
your life it's a black night all right
new concoction avocado banana strawberry
orange vanilla yogurt yeah it's like a
milkshake is probably the best one I
think I met Nate there's really a side
pat air mmm I was like I might get that
instead of the mini because I got to
return my mini and then Lauren and Alli
both said why don't you get both bad
influences as always I know when these
keynotes happened there's always a giant
debate of Apple and PC in the comments
but honestly I think we should just get
along because it's like one of those
things where it's like you know some
people like pcs some people like Apple
I prefer Apple some people prefer PC but
that doesn't matter we can get along we
can still be best friends I honestly
don't know the hatred because I had a pc
for the longest time but then I got an
apple I used to be a PC guy that I got
one that i became an apple guy for some
reason there's something about them
that's the simplicity and then
everything works for me I've never had a
problem I know a lot of PC guys are like
you can't play video games on an apple
but in Apple's defense the last video
game I did play I guess is why I don't
care was half-life episode 3 to be
honest I actually played that on a Mac
using parallels or I think I did a dual
boot where I boot booted into Windows so
I actually played half-life on a Mac and
it worked fine to me it just doesn't
matter but as always have to debate in
the comments PC verse a politico light
with each other because we're all
friends we're all CTFxC heirs as feeling
had to regulate it a little bit Martha
what do you like PC or Apple nobody
likes poop other than you Marlee what do
you like so PC your Apple okay well
that's a pretty good that's a pretty
good argument see I have to give up to
Apple for this one though a free
operating system upgrade I don't care
for your PC or Mac that's pretty badass
I'm sorry that's pretty Bose also me and
the guys are right now to coming up with
a title for the new we the kings fourth
album which should be it available at
the end of this year we got some good
ones right now so we're just trying to
go through all that who else is pretty
stoked for the new we the kings album
this is actually the first album but
I've ever played on so I'm I'm pumped
I'm personally excited on that one where
these titles are pretty sick I kind of
like them I said we should call it the
chronic three after dr. Dre's album but
I don't think anyone's having it
yeah like can you hear me call the new
album the chronic three nobody agrees
with me
in the comments you guys can actually
help with the Kings with the new album
name if you guys have any ideas tell us
in the comments and we're all gonna
we'll look through the comments so if
you guys have any cool we the kings
fourth album names tell us down there
this is why those headphones are awesome
she can't hear when I fart you hear that
did you hear that what just take a big
whiff you couldn't even hear it it's not
that bad they're in the room I didn't
even more foot space you're taking up
all my space closing up we're sneaking
the house every break
did you find me that's a spiffy jacket
you know you look like looks like you're
gonna go rob something like in Grand
Theft Auto you're like an Italian
mobster in that thing it's a good track
suit you had the jogging pants big chain
like chip Chocolat chocolate Chuck
okay now you're fashionably gangster so
Ally and Lauren went to go get their
nails done so all that uploading the
video from yesterday and I decided to
play some more GTA because I'm addicted
I am addicted to it
and Ally looks like she's a character of
it which is even cooler
I'm married to a character of GTA no way
you could drive a freaking golf cart
that's like me no joke I literally
leaned forward to check the upload and
then this one snuck behind me and stole
I did call see check kind of just stole
my seat little bitch so since the new
iPads came out I'm returning the one I
bought a couple weeks ago luckily I have
a return policy of the 45 days with it
so I don't feel too bad I think I want
to get the air I think the air is where
I want to go I like air you know I want
to go in the air do you like air do you
like minis don't know that means this
isn't fair you get to have a little rain
sacrificial camera this is that avocado
smoothie was so damn good it might we'll
get some more avocados because I'm
freakin addicted to him dinnertime
I was making my avocado smoothie and I'm
making some turkey burgers outside cuz
it's raining again yesterday was our
optics we had a nice little party I
guess every once in a while you gotta
have an off day otherwise you'll just go
insane every once in a while I think
maybe two more what you're looking for
what are you looking for where you to
weigh your tail I think we're getting
the hang of this little smoothie thing
there's actually one of the
better-looking smoothies I had a late
night creamy for some juice some doing
some spinach and kale be
Apple lemon and carrots it's gonna bitch
at my Gaga Joseph's gone out man when
whatever happened to that child already
guys just want to say thank you so much
for watching today's video I hope you
guys enjoyed it if you guys are brand
new to our videos don't forget to click
that little subscribe button so you can
see us every single day we can see you
as every single day in the comments if
you guys have been wanting get those
signed posters go to CTFxC merch calm
they are almost all sold out already you
guys are crazy
I'll see you guys tomorrow always have a
great night I'm 12 going to bed now I
was definitely not a videogame I promise
the waiter
giddy with child trippy
we're safety
would be an ally don't forget
you
