good morning guys it is 6:18 in the
morning
you guys know us this is early for us we
suck at mornings so we're gonna go save
little trippi's basically it's what
we're doing today because the
chemotherapy and its ability to ruin
fertility in men and women I guess you
have to go Bank your little your little
men if we ever want to have kids in the
future this is like a precautionary
thing operations save future trippy's
Zoey Marley loved the fact that rub this
early okay so though he hates it Marley
loves it though
this is when I get up all the time you
guys are still sleeping what are you
doing you sleep you sleep longer than I
do
Zoey's on college level still Marley's
like on grandma speed walk in the mall
time right now you ready to leave we
gotta do that later dude like can we go
to golf car ride way too early the
moon's just like hey guys I'm here to
hang out my brother's son isn't even
around he isn't around yeah about the
rotation I came to see you
holy crap could it be we're an hour
early to an employment first time ever
we are we are one hour early
pointing ahead knowing I'm an idiot
we're still early
they gotta admit this by the weirdest
deployment I've ever had four doctors
ever it's pretty interesting
my goal is day at TMI have we hit TMI
yet
I think maybe they gave me the wrong
paperwork
well apparently we went to the wrong
hospital at least we were told the wrong
hospital so now we have to keep we have
to drive to another one we went from the
doctor's main office to a different
office to talk to um but now we have to
go to his main office to do it well
we're not gonna do it you're gonna so it
was funny because we were totally on
time and they were totally late the 45
they were 45 minutes later 45 minutes
fine schedule I'm like we're gonna be
early today so that we can go in at our
point in time that 45 minutes so
criminal alley we have to go get the
certificate so we can make sure she can
drive I have to turn in a piece of paper
that says I took the driving force
otherwise my license gets aired you got
an IV then you got a 95 you aced that
thing hello doggies gonna take a nap the
6:00 a.m. crap I can't function on
embarrassing I really mean I really mean
I'm sorry what's wrong I feel like the
Elephant Man I think it's all
psychological no how can it be
psychologic what happened wait why are
you like that though I had to go to the
dentist this is Lauren after the Bennis
it's really I have to be careful because
I'm afraid I'm gonna bite my tongue so
what did they do you um I had remember I
had like that little piece of tooth
broke yeah and they they check to make
sure they didn't x-ray made sure there
was nothing major wrong and he just
filled it but when he was drilling I was
like oh I felt that I'm like I don't
want pain so he put this big big needle
so I like all this can you even feel
this I can't feel my question station
but you're not normal but and it's also
I'm numb under inside my mouth back here
my throat it's not that scary it when it
first started happening I was like
what's going on I can't
yeah I have to keep like swallowing but
I feel like you feel like you're
drilling but you're not really it's like
that weird wet and like warm feeling
from the numbness no the K my my face
feels like like literally like it's and
my tongue feels like you're like Barbara
Walters so weird this is terrible Marly
look I'll pick your nose was see you now
okay see you now is that pink anywhere
freak dance that's like a breakdance
dude you have no idea how happy I am
right now
my wife is now listening to Fi and has
said explicitly she likes them that's so
crazy to hear that you actually like
usually she just makes fun of my stuff
like when I listen to Thursday do you
like do a Thursday impression that's
pretty good Thursday right reference
right there you guys don't know Thursday
is just probably do it one more time
if you guys know Thursday you know it's
a pretty bad that accurate thing that I
used to do to him all the time whenever
we like when we first started dating I
used to do that to him all but let me
not hit this car hold on when we first
started dating I used to do that to him
all the time because he would drive me
everywhere because he would come up to
see me in Tallahassee and we would just
drive around his car and he would play
his music and every single time would
come on I'm like what is this like
screaming wailing women man music so
today we're gonna have a nice little
barbecue Danny Lindsay Kaitlyn and
Hunter coming over and our gorillas
disgusting so we're gonna recycle that
get it get a nice new one you have a
cape on it's a superhero cape
like a burglar cape by on my ass they
grill up some babies some babies grow up
Smee kitten see some puppies and some
babies I don't know why southern people
are horrible that's just me should we
get a giant giraffe
why is the giraffe's neck so long what
because it's been so far from his body
does anyone actually know what a giraffe
says I the only noise I've heard a
giraffe make is one it's like like
rubbing Rimmer weird blends in everyone
what is it girl this for cookie Zoey
Marley food Marley's is such a spaz
Danny Lindsey are coming at Hunter
hunter and Kaitlyn
he's site excited where's Danny where's
Danny where's Lindsay don't be here
don't be impatient you help us cook with
those years those are cooking years so
we got a nice little cooking party right
now we got the chef chef Hondo we don't
we don't have pepper what are you doing
over here bearing gifts you've been
waiting haven't you
you have two important say this is the
scratchin Lezyne Danny
mark and Dennis
we have instant replays we want to look
at it my dad brought over free game boy
game boy yes da this is what video games
look like when we were little I
literally used to play this all the time
what's the blinking one that's that's a
receiver the blinking ones the receiver
got so weird how many touchdowns I pick
that you don't have they even have an
instruction spike dang it out just
hanging out no it's the last one just
just me yeah there you go
go for it raw dogging it well there goes
our diet I guess it's okay I mean that's
that's yeah right
those are strawberries okay healthy no
what is that
so you're strong and now everyone is
left it is time to go to bed ready to go
bed my house rebuilding everything like
a giant Lincoln Log remember Lincoln
Logs connects to Lincoln Logs internet
connects or erector set was that a 90s
toy - that was the one had all the
screws right I was like screws and
bullets is like blast from the past toys
do you guys are new to today's video
today was kind of a doozy that's a four
year old video game be careful that day
if this thing about if names the first
time anyone's ever watched us today is
definitely a doozy of a video yeah and
then listening any drunk
if you're new to today's video I do feel
like today was kind of a lot of
information maybe TMI but the whole
situation what's going on with my head
and everything I definitely want to
document every single thing and this is
very important this is a very important
step like I said Ally and I want to film
all this stuff because it's definitely
therapeutic for both of us and obviously
we like being very open and sharing
everything with you guys I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video have a great day
and we'll see you guys tomorrow as
always I love you guys bye thinking my
hands waving I could just don't care
wait
yes
which are tripping
would be an ally don't forget
you
