we have done this for one week it's
official day seven high five I cannot
believe we did this for a week I had a
bite of Snickers so I actually cheated
as well where I was telling you guys
about Joy's favorite toy she's like f
you don't mess with my ball I'm gonna
mess up your bed now Zoe Zoe
don't put your butt on Daddy's pillow so
day two is signing allie is busy doing
the editing right now so I'm part I'm
doing some of the signing right now see
how many how long it's gonna take me to
do 500 of these schiavelli moustache
Laurens helping me make sure we can get
through this organised so I don't screw
anything up so thank you Lauren you
enjoying the silly questions you ready
to come sign that walks away we haven't
figured out how to get Zoe and Marley to
sign yet they still don't wanna do it
maybe one day that's why we have the
Zoey Marley toys coming what is this
drivers horse what about this look at
these graphics this heroin graphic what
is the deal with this
it's like making me feel like I'm a
criminal I mean I got a speeding ticket
but like this is making me feel like I
should like go to jail for even like
having to read about this stuff Marley
you want to come sign you want to wake
up and come sign for a little bit no all
right time for a signing montage montage
oh look at that it's Charles signing how
does he move that fast he's just a hero
man here I come to interrupt their work
and show my mom something funny there
they go good job here's one for the
books guys so it's talking about
something called synergistic effect
which is like when you drink and then
take a sleeping pill it could you know
sort of like raise the like side-effects
of both of those things like drowsiness
or whatever it says increase increasing
the number of drugs taken at one time
can dramatically increase the effect of
either drug alone a one plus one
combination could equal four one plus
one could equal four
my whole world is turned upside down I
don't mean to be such a douche I'm
taking this seriously it's just that
some of the language that is in this
like you know reading section is just
absurd they need to talk to us like
we're normal people instead of like you
know we need to be scared by everything
it's funny to me because I understand
that the goal of this driving course is
to it's actually kind of to frighten
people into following the rules I guess
you could say but that's sort of silly
like I feel like if you really want to
get someone to have respect for what
you're doing you need to show them
respect so I feel like the way that they
talk to you in this like pamphlet in
this whole course is like kind of
demeaning it's a little bit like
patronizing if you want to change the
attitude that some people not all people
have you know with regard to like
traffic laws and traffic enforcement you
have to you know create some sort of
mutual respect I just came out here so I
was laying with her head she wasn't
sleeping her head was down and she was
watching the TV you're watching the
television this is her favorite thing oh
yeah what the butt massage get the butt
massage going and you and you you're
just adorable Kobe you want to play
Angry Birds did you want attention too
much for Kobe well okay are you ball
hoarding again of to give Zoey one low
five sake I'll do it just I'll do it to
the eighth no K now we'll sit down oh
boy that took a lot out of me I just
gotta lay down I'll do this way so we
you're pretty cute you're cute so you're
protecting mommy while she does her
traffic school how's your traffic school
you passing you better pass because if
you don't pass we're not going anywhere
traffic school has anyone ever done that
like online traffic school it's very
important like I get it but they asked
silly silly questions but I get the
whole importance of it everything so
while Ali is finishing up her traffic
school Lauren Lauren's like the CTF
existant walked flying and this started
going off scared the crap out of me but
either way this is what I got hopefully
this will work
do you guys know if SanDisk is one that
works best creepy for real friends so
now we got to go frame because oddly
enough we don't have just until we
recently we have our own poster now we
didn't have our own poster capture some
food so you can pass this test
spanakopita let's go check out what Ali
and Lauren did to see the finished
product is it done looks freaking good
it's so much bread thank you guys
remember that green how do I turn the
light on in here
I've lived here how long it looks good
on looks really good so you like it much
better than green it was a cute color
for like a bigger room but for a
bathroom it makes you look sallow beware
hey I got a spider room of course no no
I don't like it
nice we officially everone now this is
probably the creepiest thing in our
entire house I don't like this at all
every time I start saying how crappy is
to Gary it is you start barking at me
why is that
so he gets beautiful shut the hell up
what's wrong with it I think it looks
fine let's back off kind of goofed up a
few times there you don't realize I do
things bad you do not measure any things
aren't even close they're not even flush
with the wall you didn't even scream all
the way in this one's hanging halfway
out you guys remember when we used to
try to hang those mirrors in the vlog
the reason why I do stuff like this is
so I get out of things so I want to do
them again what's wrong well I didn't
see all of this because you covered it
with your paintings what I did what who
just hammer something into the wall I'm
so taking it out
this is a nail oh my god now it's flush
with the wall now the nail disappears
it's gone
BAM Guinness World Record house then BAM
adorable photo I might as well internet
to help us decorate do I get us on the
right or Guinness on the left tell us in
the comments or do you like this
internet top or bottom once you're
making that champ hold on there you make
mine your barista you my apron on you're
ridiculous I'm trying to make homemade
cranberry cranberry juice well that's
Mel's awesome an apple I should say babe
this is great I think you're used to
this not first I'm doing it because I
want to have something that doesn't have
a lot of sugar no this is great all
right let's try this
fresh cranberry juice hopefully yeah now
we got to drain it and get all the seeds
and crap out I've worked very little
sugar in it
hell yeah fresh cranberry juice check
well we are gonna go to bed cuz tomorrow
we have an early I think it's like 6
o'clock or 5 o'clock
doctor appointment and we're gonna try
to go to better I say early but it's
like 1 o'clock now the thing we're just
insomniacs we just never going bed on
time but I hope you guys enjoy the video
if you guys are brand new don't forget
to click thumbs up and subscribe also if
you want to get one of those posters go
to CTFxC merch comm links down there in
the description say good eye good night
guys don't worry you'll see them
tomorrow you'll see them the world
wait
yeah
get it with y'all trippin
where is he
with trippy
don't forget
you
