my god you should be on your sheep we go
yeah get out I got an idea
get up stretch stretch you're the one
stretch them out Oh get her up wake her
up wake her up
coz I'm already awake good job oh go get
your sister you're a good dog Marley he
just walked right away dig six she
walked away cuz she farted do you guys
smell that that way you've walked away
so on day six in this crap I got mine
I'm a smoothie person is the juice
person alright my mom's gonna try some
juice but I just kind of made up with
what I had leftover should I be afraid
you should be a little bit
I really should know well you like dirt
though it's intense right yeah it is the
first taste is good yeah it's the lemon
and then that aftertaste is the beat
it's actually not as I thought it was
gonna be so we are looking for an
organic farm right now because we want
to try to get super healthy and I we're
completely out of all veggies right now
and my smoothie was just fruit which was
delicious but not as nutritious as I
needed to be hopefully Apple Maps won't
send us to Utah
or Arizona surprisingly in iOS 7 Apple
Maps is not so bad you guys remember
that I think the worst one was when I
was going to NASA and it sent me to a
launch pad the actual launch pad instead
of the area where I was supposed to go I
was I walked around like it's a
sasquatch on CNN that was a good vlog it
was like where is Charles Bentham the
whole main situation I was so funny I
think Andrew started that he started
phone everyone sort of photoshopping me
in the background of everything like
sasquatch for those with some crabbers
some but this is my favorite fruit of
all time bananas except the end
describes the anatomy of a banana pretty
accurately dissing fresh ginger its
penis squash that would break our juicer
some flowers are keen wheatgrass and
browser
you want something I got it was a rush
yeah child child
these fans actually specifically my fly
is almost always down so it's a guy and
a girl thing doer so we're hipsters
right now I got some I got some I got
some stuff that's a good second we're
gonna get even more good stuff okay
kind of pissed off right now so I played
all last night for a grand theft auto
and what I'm doing is I'm using a little
thumb drive to my xbox doesn't have like
a lot of memory and I know that like
freaking stupid grin theft auto takes
like eight gigs
I got a alert saying I had to reinstall
everything so I'm hoping right now by
all my game is saved somewhere else
otherwise I'm gonna be pissed off I'm
gonna literally throw this TV into the
pool maybe I'll throw the Xbox TV didn't
do anything bad there's all the stupid
Xbox this is where I left off
thank God slowly but surely I'm getting
addicted I'm getting better I think it's
what it is is I'm just I'm pumped that
I'm actually getting better my hand-eye
coordination fellow nerds you guys see
that that dot exe is actually Mac any
fellow nerds notice that also does
anyone know what this is supposed to be
Facebook or YouTube
cuz I feel like it's a combination of
both it looks like the YouTube
headquarters but I feel like it's
supposed to be Facebook there it is mrs.
Claus pull it there we go now it's like
kind of eating your head charming I know
remember that singing Christmas from the
elf yourself is like I left your purse
you better turn around and show me what
you're doing Mina look look she's got
something in her mouth what is it what
are you eating this bad girl let's see
it
let's do the wrapper fess up oh the best
candy ever kind of interesting I'm
noticing that the hair is not going
anywhere near the scar so I might have a
permanent horseshoe watch me it's longer
if I go away until then I guess I'm a
Colts fan so it's that time again we
have signed CTFxC posters Ali and I are
gonna start signing those now that's not
a doggy bone those are those are thigh
bones I think so those are all on CTFxC
Mertz you gonna sign it
we gotta figure hauser amaury can sign
it you know what the funny thing is I
don't think we actually own one of these
ourself we don't have our own posters
alright let's do this number 500 hey I
put my cookies already dead
499 to go I'm gonna do that every single
time we do one
yeah I've killed two markers so far I
need to have a heart of mine so guys we
only have 500 of these if you want 105
yeah you guys want one or 500 of these
go to CTFxC merch calm first 500 we'll
get these we got Dennis the handyman cuz
I can't do this the red of fact I don't
know how true it is I hope it's not true
at all
but humans as human beings are no more
than three feet around the splatter at
all times that's terrifying
Oh imagine with the Attucks is by a
million in there let there be light
there's to fix it fix it Dennis is there
anything you can't fix I'm in so much
trouble today I've already eaten three
candies she's teasing me she keeps
putting in my mouth
that's what a nibble let me have a
nibble you can eat all of it
today's like losing that felt so good
it felt so bad at the same time so
where's your costume where's your
costume we gotta go put your Halloween
costume on
I forgot what you're gonna be here to
forget a dinosaur so we're gonna take a
little break from signing so we can show
you guys some awesome costumes that we
bought the other day
everyone's been who's the lion Zoe the
dinosaur fun fact I was a dinosaur when
I was little I was a green dinosaur just
looked like a giant lizard for our
amusement so you stay it'll put the ears
through you do the dinosaur act like a
dinosaur beauty Rex be t-rex doesn't
have a dinosaur is it dinosaur drinking
some water
did you kill her eyes like you have been
kidding me right now Wow okay so that's
Zoey and Marley's doggy Halloween
costumes which one's your favorite
I think Marley's little ears I like the
lion but I think Zoey would she's just
like walking it's the funniest part I
partial to both actually I can't choose
honest I think the little tiny line ears
on Marley is funny but I think Zoey's
big goofy has it's pretty funny already
guys was that time of the video where we
say good night I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video remember if you guys want
some of those posters we have 500 of
them so its first come first serve first
500 we're still signing them all so I
know we say this at the end of every
video but there's always a bunch of new
people new people to YouTube and new
people to the CTFxC you can click that
little subscribe button right there on
the channel somewhere on this channel or
wherever it is and it let you guys know
every time we upload a brand new video
also there's a little feature called
thumbs up you guys can click that and it
lets ally and I know you guys enjoyed
the video for all everyone else that
already knows this just ignore me as
always we'll see you guys tomorrow have
a great night goodbye
wait
worse yet
with just ripping
with trip in early
