good morning guys mmm breakfast
breakfast in the blender this is day how
many days have been doing this like four
feels like four or five days we've been
doing really well I think we're doing
really well is anyone else doing the
juice diet with us I know I got a lot of
things on the internet a lot of I'm
replies of people doing it are you doing
Marley I keep hearing you but Sally
editing I bet she genuinely gets grumpy
you just want me to do it you like
watching mmm we got it a little browner
than normal now it looks like dirt
it's all right
try my concoction it's not about this
that's really not bad is this stupid no
it's nice it's a nice change of pace not
black yeah I've never seen you wear like
this color but right color I thought I'd
switch it up it's lovely
no it's not salmon it's way too bright
to salmon Salmons gray Salmons gray what
oh the real of meat that's morbid I'd be
like that's human all right every time I
see red
come on girls slow it up go for a walk
get exercise we're getting some
smoothies and some juice and then
exercise you should face the other way
you can't see the world if you go
backwards you just see your past quit
looking at your past you always look at
your past
so get your future Zoe so we quit taking
up the whole bench day two of our daily
exercise day five of our eating healthy
and smoothies and juice I think we're
doing pretty good anyone else doing this
in the Internet in the internet on the
internet like you guys are in a place I
guess the Internet's a place is like the
matrix was the Futurama that had like an
episode about being in the internet
claiming Zooey we owned that down
slowly we will take over this entire
park kinda reminds me of the old times
at the beginning of the vlogs we used to
go to that Park or Zoe would always find
those turtles you guys remember that I
think was like day one through by like
50 old-school vlogs anyone remember
those awkward Charles and Allie well
vlogging do you think when we were doing
that this then that we would have a
million people the CT if you think of
CTFxC would go to a million I didn't
really think if people would be involved
so involved you know I thought they
would enjoy it for a year and then be
like okay you don't like this yeah I
definitely didn't think the community
would turn into something so cool
thought it would just be like a regular
YouTube channel not something like a
family like a family core like CTFxC
family core come on little dude so he's
already claiming more land than you
there's gonna claim some more Terry
walks and teas because she's you want to
go good job Marlena thar's now this is a
little bit of a funny vlog we're filming
our dogs peeing everywhere as a
competition gotta love these kind of
days this is type of days that you
remember more than the the crazy
adventure ones you cheatin are you
peeing you can't do that can girls pee
like that by the way one of my friends
her little sister was swimming and she
got out of the pool and she's like I
have to pee
she gets out of the pool rips her diaper
off dizziness impeded like that really
yeah you can but like you know sometimes
it gets on you I think guys are pretty
lucky then squatting is recommended for
females so he's got three Miley's got
zero I'm I got one bars got one do this
dude you're losing okay for two - Marley
- Zoe four come on Marley it's going to
grass more I feel like you're gonna
catch up we are weird so an overwhelming
amount of people wanted the more
surgical filming of the the brain
surgery so Ali's going in the next
couple days we'll have it up on our
channel and all he's going to edit that
together we will have a disclaimer like
I said there's not a lot of blood but I
mean it's surgery but it's a crazy video
because it shows how awesome surgeons
are and how they should be respected way
more and how fascinating it is just that
humans were are a
to fix somebody they are able to cut up
on somebody's head while they're alive
and fix them we asked you guys yesterday
and there was an overwhelming amount of
people that wanted that footage so we
will do that for you guys you're going
to have to edit that footage I don't
want to see it I don't have another vase
of bagel experience it's funny the day
of when Ali did man films his own brain
surgery that video that you guys have
already seen Shay was like put it all in
Ally's like I don't know I would have to
make this a little bit cleaner if it was
up to shade everything would have been
in that video I think would have freaked
a few people out so Ali did a great job
on that video making it like a funny it
was a funny video I saw that video this
is Ali's impression of what Marley just
did 5 2 3 right I think so this is what
Marley just did walks over yes oh right
here so she did exactly what were just
talking about like was on one leg almost
like okay it's finally time to finish
painting this bathroom because it has
been unfinished like this for months now
so I'm going to get on that and I have
contracted my mom out of some have
tricked her into helping me with this so
I'm not alone who knows
yeah you know what painting my end
that's not a good idea
haha you saw it out it again I saw here
dammit I ruined it you paint my neck oh
is it really just paint by that about me
thing oh yeah she sure did oh yeah so
we're painting again again in here oh
yeah
and this was it well she's cutting in
like I did I painted it my mom's helping
me just I can coat guy help no Deb we
have no more paintbrushes jerk painting
I'm bored so since there's nothing I can
really do might as well try to play some
video games I haven't been able to
actually play for the past month because
my whole coordination is eyevac yet so I
might as well try to do this I keep
hearing this is great game so I might as
well try I'd steal some cars was steal
car when I get a hooker
yeah I was gonna hook her so I don't
know if I really want to admit this but
I was just playing the game I was like
this seems very familiar Miko then I
realized I was playing Grand Theft Auto
for took about 10 minutes to figure that
out my excuses like I said they poked my
brain twice so it's a little bit
embarrassing I feel like in video games
my favorite moment are the cutscenes
like a baby just cut all the cutscenes
together and made a short film I would
just watch that and pay 60 bucks rather
than play the game some jeans feel like
I would be addicted to this again here I
think this is gonna be the best part is
going to all the places that I've been
in LA like Santa Monica Boulevard and
the pier I've been there the logs have
been there your fingers gonna dress like
this way looks like girls right here
distracted with something else this is a
lazy way of making Zoe play gentle where
is it
get a doughy doesn't get it the bright
parts just out of her eyesight yeah when
you get in a food fight with me that's
what happens brat the solar eclipse I
mean I'd be blind and I was looking at
it and the moon's just weaker I guess
The Legend of the Somnath organism right
because reflecting life is on the other
side oh look at Ali I'm an astronomer no
that's just I mean that notion yoga
that's like third grade science skip
third grade
I'm really glad by that no I didn't know
that it's not a star it's just a rock
because I'm like yeah I'm not a light
source the moon does emit light moon has
phases you're cycles of the moon is like
when the heart is being blocked by the
other way you see the curvature because
it's earth blocking the light from the
Sun that's when all the vampires come
and they sparkle right okay hold on so
none of it Charles has you know
disclosed that he does not understand
like what the moon isn't like what lunar
cycles are I decided to ask him about
our solar system and I asked him how
many planets there were in our solar
system what was your answer I'm gonna
look it up he said 12 I was like that's
how many months there are in a year I'm
not a botanist I don't even know how to
respond to that what's the closest
planet to the Sun I thought was Mars
in my defense I feel like a lot of
people don't know this information and
as always they poke my brain twice so
I'm still having a little bit of
problems with my brain my thumb
communicating so I was getting really
pissed off at Grand Theft Auto that
mission where you have to hit the bike I
was like to begin it says top left
doesn't it
so Ally's helping me beat it because I
couldn't do it there's pissing me off
almost threw the game out the window
yeah yeah I get it my wife is wiping our
video games than I am you got him huh
secret phrase for today is Ali's the
queen of video games and Charles sucks
palette just Ali is the queen of video
games
that's why Ali has drunk gaming I don't
because I can't I'm still getting the
thumb to work the thumb is slowly
working before we go we just wanted to
say thank you guys for being so damn
supportive you guys are amazing people
if you're brand new to the CTFxC welcome
I'm Charles and that's Ali Zoe Marley
already asleep don't forget to subscribe
and we'll see you guys every single day
so we see you guys tomorrow as always
have a great night
I was going to say something else than
ever got my poker brain
I gotta stop using that alright guys
have a great night and thank you for
watching we'll see you guys tomorrow as
always bye bye
what you did
it's hardly wait
hey where's lately at sexy
with child trippy now
with chakra be an ally don't
you
