good morning Internet time to go to the
doctors again just this time it's not
for you it's for me I got to go to the
people that know you don't have to go I
got to go to the people then I don't
think they have lollipops why are you
doing that to year you have medicine for
you you're gonna fall off the bed or
couch I also wanted to let you guys know
we got a pet pig I wanted to show you
the photo there it is it kind of looks
like Marley just with a pig nose but I
assure you it's a real pig she's trash
and everything so that's my throwback
Thursday oh my god so the Internet yeah
giant head back then - I was once a
cowboy guys feel like this is a stupid
photo everyone had to take in when they
were this little that is adorable
I think you have the coolest doctor
moment we we walked in and this is over
here
coal doctors so we're going to the UPS
store can I have a special little gift I
wanna I want to show you guys that we
got from dftba if you guys can guess in
the comments something we just released
I'm excited I'm excited my iPhone needs
a new case let's just give it away son
of a bitch just forget I just said that
okay yep yep this is happening you can
do this forever if you'd like to sir as
long as you keep doing an awesome job
editing everyone tell Holly she's doing
an amazing job editing so right man I
don't even think I'm shooting you I hope
I'm in the shower I think this is so
nice as I can manage if I edited right
now would be a Charles edit you know
whenever we do things over and over
again
your Instagram when it says 9
exclamation PE Hospital something we
should do a montage of all the stupid
nonsensical things I tweeted or posted
vowels on drugs did Ally would tell you
that she had my surgeon take away my
iPhone I didn't actually do that I
called the hospital and they didn't put
me through to the right person so I
called Charles on his cell phone and I
said can I please speak to your doctor
and he goes why and I'm like please just
put your doctor and he goes no you're
gonna make him take away my phone and I
was like no I'm not he's like yes you
are and he knew before I did it
literally a Tom's talk to my surgeon he
goes Ali wants to talk to you and he
takes my phone and he starts walking off
and the other surgeon the surgeon that
helped film it goes that's his phone and
he goes I know the whole time it's a
special package today I do I have to
pack I have to - yeah get your mind out
of the gutter you were gonna say the
same I was you're just mad cause I stole
your joke what is it what is one of
those what is what is what is what
got our own iPhone cases oh my god
that's awesome what do you want I don't
know I think I want that one is it weird
to have my own face I think that's kind
of weird
I don't think it's weird so if you guys
didn't know we made our own iPhone cases
go to CTFxC merch calm and you can get
all three of these they're for the for
the 4s and the 5 and the 5s so they're
really nice but I will throw a mine oh
my god I'm so excited this looks great
it's for the 5g the 5g yeah this is an
exclusive is this brand new iPhone
without it we're making cases for an
iPhone that doesn't exist yet
Zoe you're on a case let me see it
that's awesome
I got you it is snug I like this I was
kind of worried but these are actually
really nice cases drop your phone drop
your case drop your phone and see if it
works yeah I don't recommend dropping
your phone to see if it works
what's up this is about the dude that
you're never gonna win this battle
weights on yeah she's never gonna win
this Vilas you get to there and not even
it's already over the edge just make it
there there Thanks the hardest part is
putting it over the rod you can just
thrown it on the ground
no and what I'm losing my mind
you lose all the points right now you
lost the game you damn right dad needs
to get his act together the funfair
Marlee so before the surgery I decided
to get my hair cut because I didn't want
to do what I did last time or it looked
like was his name good news and 5th
element if you guys look at the old
videos from last year the first surgery
I look like Gary Oldman and the Fifth
Element like seriously just Google Gary
Oldman Fifth Element and that's what I
look like so what I did was I had my
hair cut a little shorter so I didn't
have to shave a head bulb but I didn't
know I did not like the way I look all
that looks scary i frightened myself I
wake up in the morning go brush my teeth
and I'd scare myself
I don't know why she likes this ball
she's like to hold in her mouth
ready one she loves what she does just
walks around like that just throws it on
the ground I mean a puppy right now
you missed it's throwing it around
little soccer player so cue Zoe it goes
Marley to ruin the fun oh you want
attention over there anyway I got
totally sidetracked so enough Ally kind
of cut my hair make it a little even cuz
why as you guys can tell my hair grows
pretty freakin fast a month is event a
month since surgery yes that's crazy
today is one month after brain surgery
one month out of surgery
hmm dinner got carrot pineapple banana
apple kale spinach almond milk that's
what you call a dinner right there and
we're gonna blend the out of this thing
this is your favorite part I'm just
gonna watch because it's really kind of
cool
what are you making some juice some
juicy juice some ally juice yes from
Jeff oh don't even start
I hear you starting to make noise over
there guys what about me what about me
I'm cute I don't want that shirt just
fix this I don't look so stupid that
pretty dumb hair right now world's
dumbest haircut you guys thing by the
way guys you know so we filmed the brain
surgery what we didn't include in that
is there's a whole bunch of stuff where
you actually see my brain on the monitor
like there's a whole bunch of stuff Ali
had to cut out just because she thought
it'd be too gruesome it's actually not
too gruesome but I mean you can actually
see my brain through the monitor and we
wanted to ask you guys if you guys
wanted us to eventually Apple of that
footage so if you guys actually want
that footage let us know in the comments
and we'll think
of doing another part two of that is
there a lot of blood
yeah so let us know in the comments if
you guys want that it was fun fat guys
I've actually never watched the video of
me having the brain surgery rate after
surgery the MCZ ologist gave me my
camera she's like is this yours was like
yeah and I hit the play button and the
first one was on my brain and apparently
I went into mild joy so called a Vasa
vagal response basically kind of go into
mild shock the reason why I want to
upload is I think it's crazy that this
type of operation exists and that there
are people that can actually go into
somebody's brain and fix somebody you
know what I mean we've been talking
about I think we should do it hi guys
I'm getting a haircut now he's cutting
my hair
saying that that's why I love the CTFxC
you guys are so awesome what are you
doing back there
don't I feel like you have no idea your
confidence level is not there so just
shave it
Oh world's worst haircut ever actually
like Comic Book Guy worst by the way Ali
is more of a Simpsons fan than I am now
I've converted her I'm a link into
candles kind of and she's in the
Simpsons so it's kind of a trade you
know damn good job
it's a haircut oh okay yeah yeah we just
wanted to take a quick second to were
you might a quick second it looked I was
doing a fast my name is doing a slow
second we just wanted to explain we just
wanted to remind you guys that you can
go and check out the video explaining
who and what the hell CTFxC is we put
the link right there in the description
for you or you can click somewhere on
the screen I don't know where it's
either one last time we pointing the
Quidditch at this all wrong direction I
don't want to point a little afraid the
pointer you know it's probably require
it heads right now so we're in this
vicinity so go ahead and check out that
video if you haven't done it already
it's like 30 seconds it's pretty cool
and share it with all your friends and
family who always ask you what the fuck
you're watching when you're on the
internet so we wanted to say thank you
again to YouTube and big picture for
making this for us we really hope you
guys like it again it's only 30 seconds
go check it out CTFxC trailer alright
guys thanks again for watching today's
video be sure to subscribe if you have
not done so and also click the little
thumbs up button down there to let us
know that you guys enjoyed the video as
always we will see you tomorrow and we
love you very much goodnight guys
see what you did
it's hardly wait
where's the yet sexy
with trippy
with trip in early don't forget to tell
me more
you
