what is that Zoe it's like somebody just
pulled it out of the ground shake this
is weird I don't want to eat that
doesn't look good at all in fact it
looks really gross or try to use beet
juice I'm afraid I haven't ever had a
beet I know this will stain that have
you ever eaten a beet yeah I don't think
so
beet fun how come in like TV shows beets
are the most random thing a character
can have is that kale why is this so
popular now this is why I like the
Internet if we don't know how to do
anything you can just watch it because
we have no idea how to trim or wash a
beet if you guys never saw the video of
Zoey burst a lemon on the Charles Trippy
channel just Google Zoe verse 11 she was
like maybe like two months old so he
wanted to try a lemon like many months
later Zoe he's know I learned my lesson
seriously Google Zoe verse 11 Zoe verse
lemon she was a tiny little puppy let's
try with Marlee I'm sure still wanna try
it you were trying she's like no way f
you actually my bad dudes puppy versus
lemon peel from 2006 or Zoe vs. lemon
Charles Trippy you guys can watch the
whole video over there I'll put a link
in the description to is OE doing all
the work and you just lounge and she's
like yeah if they come in here I'll get
on so we've been it's already being the
guard dog what are you doing the upper
10 since the cameras on now all right
before you do that just bite into one
now do it I'll bite into and if you do
it come on I've never had to be
it's actually kind of sleep vegetable
pretty good so I'm gonna be staying
though not bad I was expecting much
worse
there's like two hurt no taste like a
carrot like a sweet carrot I guess the
worst part is that it's a natural die
you need to die anything purple you can
use a beet
I think this is Marley's favorite time
of day now she loves all the fruits
Marlon through D etre you had all the
fruits trying to get out healthy too for
Shayla
if daddy loses his hair will you shave
your head supposedly my hair is not so
fingers crossed not supposed to fall out
with the type of chemotherapy that I'm
gonna be going through which is
something that I really really hope
because if it does Marley there you go
shave your head and my eyes they shave
her head
a slammer food coming out I'm sorry the
last couple days have been just us doing
a bunch of juicing but I hope this is
kind of like motivation for any of you
guys wanting to get healthy
we're not trying to be like in-your-face
about it but this is something that I
have to do and we just wanted to share
it with ricotta
we're chronicling everything so this is
just a step that I have to do I just
figured we show you guys pretty very
pretty
it smells weird it smells like broccoli
like health
can you juice pumpkin perfect season
timing
perfect season Timon come on dad poke my
brain remembered I've I think I could
say that for a very long time Internet
let me know how long I could say that as
an excuse for anything I feel like I got
at least a year for that Charles why
don't you do to the dishes they poked my
brain why are you doing your laundry
they poked my brain why is the golf cart
going down the street by itself they
poked my brain doing your butt scratched
Zoe wasn't feeling good yesterday oh
she's feeling good today this is torture
by the way I feel like this is taunting
me all the time with a stupid smug face
all while we're eating a freaking roof I
was just talking to Allie isn't it weird
how humans just like I know they want
they watched animals that's how we
figured out what the but they just
pulled things out of the ground like a
weird-looking beat they're just like we
should eat this I saw that wolfy that we
should eat it now you have to try it
first that looks incredible it does look
better than the green it's a more
appetizing color that's for sure
smells worse does it it smells like dirt
so it must be healthy
that's pretty good did it you know taste
like you how it looks like it looks like
dirt it does taste good and immediately
and then it tastes like you just put a
mouthful of dry dirt just right in that
is weird how that works out it tastes
great in the beginning though yeah the
beginning is like sweet just chuck it
come on Marley get your ear medicine
really you're excited for it we have to
fill up her right ear canal and I rub it
in come back here come back here and sit
down on a comfy pad for you
the internet was worried oh my god that
is disgusting I looked in there it was
black which he had black mold yeah
mother you got black mold here maybe
that I'd like to think that's why she's
not listening she can't hear his oh we
just throw up you promise not to eat it
though right now you shouldn't eat her
puke that's gross
Oh looks like we're not got to go for a
walk is this what you want to do I just
came out that's what she's doing she
doesn't want to swim when I'm in the
pool but I'm not in the pool she wants
to swim is it a little too hot is that
good for you the last time we did this
was before watch out for trolls
surprisingly so good on these leashes so
he's wiggling so Captain Wiggles captain
Wiggles that's always nicknames you guys
didn't know is always nickname was
Captain Wiggles come on I put it in the
trippy name now we own that nobody
better put that piece of ground that is
ours now
good job Marley claiming some land acai
yours fries Marley's even over here time
out time out
stop the cart did you just tell me a new
fragrance of candle I noticed blast on
we were there there was one called fresh
grass
mowing his grass and I noticed there was
one every minded me we were literally
just driving on the golf cart and
Charles just out of nowhere goes oh so
there's a new candle at Yankee Candle
called fresh grass have you smelled that
one it's really nice it smells like I'm
turning him
I think sentence was closely reloaded
related to memory though look at this
this is well I think you watched wheezy
waiters video sorry barley this is funny
that was very entertaining
there's squirrels here I don't know if
he showed you guys Dennis's new toy he's
been working on it for about three
months now now it's ready you got to go
gotta go ride it right now you need the
mohawk again what you guys think it's
been doing a lot of work on it
you basically rebuilt that engine didn't
you it's pretty sick I remember that
Charles just went around the corner and
Marley jumped up in his seat and he
doesn't know that she's in there yet he
didn't call see check bitch stole my
seat what a little girl look at this dog
with a little feet crossed do you see
that oh my god she is a princess but now
it begins she's trying to give Zoey a
bath cuz she jumped in the pool and
she's just gonna keep running here she
goes
oh yeah I see that she's sitting there
like he's farting she's floating in her
water who the bubbles come out of her
ass
Zoey stop that I know we're doing a lot
of dog stuff with this is kind of like a
dog vlog but honestly it's like one ice
relaxation for me to calm down and this
is why we do this cuz these guys are
awesome
and because we were gone like for so
long we were in Boston we were traveling
on the road these dogs definitely
definitely deserve this attention you
need to get clean now no I'm okay I
think I'll just lay down right here
take your pills like daddy marley he's
an expert at like spitting him out
without us no watch her she didn't she
spit it out she's so good at it girl got
that one really now it's just like they
have a bunch of spider problems we can
totally do without the spiders you know
that right we don't need to have these
things take a booth playing pinball if
you guys haven't figured out Halloween
is Ally's favorite holiday way to go so
we do not hit that Bell yep
so like a kid all right guys before we
go to bed I just want to tell you guys
about the super special video that we
have right there you can see right over
there or is it over there it's on the
screen right now want to say thank you
to YouTube for making this cool little
video it's for all those people asking
who the hell is CTFxC it's a 30-second
little video so you could over there if
you're on a mobile you could link down
there in the description or if you just
lazy you don't want to click on the
screen links down there in the
description 30 seconds long go check it
out and tell us your favorite moment for
the CTFxC you know split the spittle so
go check that out guys I hope you guys
enjoy it
really
see what he did
waiter
worse
which are tripping
with trippy an alley don't forget throw
a bar
you
