Thank You God and that butter for you
should see and she's got it all over her
lips look good girl she's still way too
young to have that thing on her neck her
neck is the size pretty much I think if
I went like that that's the night that's
how big your neck is there's no way I
always say that it looks like she stuck
her finger in a light socket that's what
her fair looks like r2d2 you for what
I'm starting to think this stuff will
never I think this stuff is just gonna
be a part of everyone's yards from now
on it just seems like it's everyone's
new landscapes pretty much the other day
Ali and the dogs and I went on this we
did like two and a half miles a couple
days ago we brought the wagon and Zooey
Marley just basically chilled in the
wagon Diesel's the only one that went
the whole time so we decided today this
is actually a nice day we should do it
again for dogs we 100% completely
underestimated how hot it was well we
have like four or five bottles of water
we've been dumping on them so now they
look all sweaty this would be a perfect
opportunity if you got to pull it up
this jump in
yeah probably would today I just barely
flop right in right now princess over
here is enjoying it and getting all the
compliments from people like I would
just walk braided events that would be
pretty nice but you have no idea how
many smirks and smiles and ahhs has
always been getting it's actually kind
of funny and these two are just hardcore
right now so this is Jeff Jeff has a
little business where he's helping st.
Petersburg get rid of all this stuff so
he thought of you a really good idea yes
so he came over and helped we're gonna
tell everyone come to you though down
like like we're literally the only ones
who were just talking about that when we
went on this walk we're like what how
long this is gonna take because st.
Pete's probably get it all contact you
in half it's the first day of fall isn't
it yeah we're getting close but you
don't want to go to a pumpkin patch you
rather get that Sam's Club you have to
go to a pumpkin patch I don't think they
don't want holiday that's a big big
pumpkin they're huge
these would be like 40 yard pumpkins
you know these are massive I can't
believe Christmases out this seems
creepy
they give yourself will ride in that
same bike was their loss
you put Rika right here I think this is
how much she weighs know this that's 12
ounces however else is that this
actually might be heavier than our
kidney check out my times I think I need
to get you this so you could stop asking
me questions check out my tanks tanks
get some tanks oh you need guide to
chickens that's a book and it's called
grit I love it oh yeah but sometimes so
funny you're just becoming this crazy
cat lady already
coming from do frugal holy said that
they never liked cats and never would
ever get a cat you know what I think it
is like that joke it's like it's not
that I don't like cats
it's that I don't like your cat I love
my cat what comedian did that I'm
assuming you want to get her one of
those doing it our pink one I think Ali
and I have biggest suckers in the world
can we hit it up come in here for paper
towels and toilet paper we're ending up
leaving with a cat bed cage thing Anton
what this thing is a giant ass pumpkin
three the shower heads might be we only
have two bathrooms and two showers so
one's going to be a gift and then a
client comes with a nice little robe
that I will I won't show you guys later
I will model that
that is crazy that is insane readiness
for the biggest thing that's that's part
listen oh that's disgusting
this at me and this it's just the sound
this is that knowing that's just like
two tablespoons has 11 grams of fat
serving containers is 128 sodium 270
milligrams
I think you just bored the internet to
death you know it's really funny and it
actually does it if you ever look on a
like a box of salt look at how much
sodium is in salt I know it sounds
stupid but it's so funny they even have
to label that there's sodium inside salt
actually we can find some I'll show you
it does not go find some salt and look
at it and laughs it's like it's like
when they have like water bottles to say
ingredients water so we are still
continuing this whole like house fixing
up situation what we have to do is I
don't know if we told you this our tires
been having like some huge issues and
right now we don't want to have to buy a
new dryer and I'm thinking that we
actually don't have anything that we
need to necessarily fix I was talking to
my dad and he's telling me there's one
more thing that I could try before we
have to actually hire someone to fix our
dryer and it has to do is yes you did
good you did good God we're hot buddies
hot buddies so I don't know if we're
gonna be able to get up there say babe
it's about to rain that was what I'm
trying to tell the internet it's about
to rain
basically to fix this dryer my dad
suggested this may work has to do with
something that's on the very top you see
it the little silver thing like up there
you can't really see it somewhere up to
up there let's take the top off take the
grade off and then you had to stick
something in it to pull stuff out so we
think that that's why our dryer isn't
working and we're gonna be like Miss
fix-it mr. fix-it might try and fix it I
love you you're amazing you are a super
klutz and the fact that you're about to
get up onto this roof makes me quiver
and you don't even have the proper tools
and that isn't even fun Carl's tripping
you oh my god
how you gonna get down now Wow why did
he you earth here's such a jerk dude
don't pee on it sir
okay don't do it put that leg down thank
you very much really there's that holy
crap oh my god so gentle I'm kind of
glad that he did go there now because we
had this giant two limbs that we totally
missed when cleaning up after the
hurricane don't you do better keep that
leg down I'm watching you
Charles is on the phone with my dad
right now and what he's trying to do is
figure out which one of these things so
there's one with a great and then
there's another one that just has a good
top on it there's no nothing coming out
of this 100% but I wonder if that it's
clogged in there and that's why there's
nothing coming out of it but I'd seen up
here out than that Wow I would stay up
here to make sure the trellis doesn't
hurt I can't tell if this is hot that's
okay that's what it is
what shake shop shut up so this is it
this is this thing all right so this is
it but the thing is how do I get in yeah
there's a lot I really don't know how to
do this holy crap look at it my dad was
right yeah so it's a lair then there's
dog hair and then there's another layer
it's crazy I'm maybe this is gonna save
us hunter dollars oh my gosh it is like
blowing out now oh my gosh it was like a
layered cake
I like I'm up here doing this and you're
playing air guitar diesel hey buddy
they go those sticks don't go them up
here unless you're an adult or something
like that I don't want to recommend
anyone going up here and getting hurt
but before you actually call like a air
conditioning repair people or
washer-dryer not air conditioning check
these vents I don't know if it's gonna
be the same ones when you guys have but
that's all I did
now we got to see if it actually works
all right I need help down now
nice one thing you guys really told us
to do is play with her feet take her in
the car hold her all the time that way
she's used to it
the Apple watches were delivered today
but they weren't delivered they said
they would so I gotta go pick it up so I
figured you know take her for a little
car ride girls are so passed out and the
dudes so passed out for that walk
earlier so I figured you know what she's
got some energy she could be my little
co-pilot for right now where she is
she's so funny she loves us climbing on
my shoulders is actually pretty adorable
between her actually on my shoulders
Marley laying on my lap Zoey laying on
my leg and diesel laying on my feet
I am definitely covered as far as
literally covered as far as a
try to look out the window
impressed
sitting up here in five minutes now you
gonna go
Rati cats
do you see her in the bank do you
we're it or not this cat completely got
instantly quiet Lassard playing
screeling I think it's all the low-end
you like Skrillex you like my buddy
Sonny there's a cool dude you know what
I'm gonna tell Sonny that my cat like
Skrillex
I say that you said hi I can't believe
that this is actually calming her down
so Ali got her new home looks like
Batman almost or wu-tang it looks like
we call this the wu-tang bugs today is
an exciting day for me and all the other
nerds the iPhone 8 which I do not get
I'm saving up for the iPhone X as I
don't know if I ever actually show you
guys really quick before I do anything
else because I have a collection of
every single iPhone I think I've showed
you guys this before but oh that's not
there before so I like to collect them
all just because I love the evolution of
Technology and I posted this on my
snapchat and my Instagram story
yesterday so if you're not following
down there you have no idea what I'm
talking about so I'll show you here but
you should go follow me on those things
okay this is the iPhone one by far one
of my favorite well yeah that's the
evolution of the iPhone I just I just
think it's so cool in such a nerdy thing
to actually in the comments if you like
iPhones if you don't just say you're a
Samsung or Android fan but if you are an
iPhone fan which is your favorite iPhone
I didn't keep you guys on eight but I
did get the Apple watch the new one and
I'm surprising Ali surprised with your
own two I'm very indecisive so what I
ended up having to do thank God Apple
has a good return policy is I just
bought five of them and I'm gonna return
obviously three of them just gonna
figure out which one I wanted cuz I
didn't know which one she wanted if you
wanted the big one or if you wanted the
tiny one I'm pretty awesome the
packaging so it is one I also got the
Apple TV 4k but the thing is I was
reading about it you can't really
there's no USB C pup plug-in or anything
like that which is you can't side load
things hack it crack it whatever want to
call it so I don't think I'm gonna keep
it I don't really care I have a 4k TV
but I don't really care for that stuff
it's so miniscule to me I don't think
it'd be actually worth keeping yeah by
oh that's a fun day
I know it's it's or I don't feel like
it's worth it
that usually never comes out of my mouth
yep Ali and I are dorks I'm very happy
that what I did was order a bunch of
them just so Ali cuz she's never had one
and I don't think she hopes that she
wants the big one or a small one or the
coloured one of the gray one I don't I
don't know and it was in the middle of
the night I didn't want to wake her up
and it was a surprise so I didn't want
everyone I know I'm so sweet I'm pretty
I'm pretty awesome
so which one you want sorry I was just
blown away by your beauty look Ellie is
a mermaid hair going on yeah he's still
pretty we're meeting up with everyone to
get some food right now
you're not strong
though in aliens margarita hit we're
about to be a resort
I would balance energy
there it is Gus that's where Ellie and I
got married high school was the funding
it was a fun day I'm still yet to pick
which watch she actually wants to get so
actually in the comments I want you guys
to help her which which was those ones
that I showed you should she actually
get cuz she doesn't know and she's very
indecisive obviously you saw what the
glasses the other day don't forget to
subscribe with notifications and I will
see you guys tomorrow as always have a
great night
