well I just got back from the grocery
store so we have more juicing materials
/ smoothie materials and we got beets
this time Oh weird these things are I
broke it I broke the beat killer tofu
gie
what are you gonna make I'm making a
going green yeah there's finished
pineapple there's supposed to be green
grapes but I don't have by the way if
you look at Marley's nose we did another
slow-motion Marley but this one's
probably my favorite one we did it with
peanut butter so make sure go to the
trippy Channel the final conclusion of
the three-part series of Marley eating
things is slow motion it's my favorite
one her tongue is so long you like that
one like that was my favorite one I'm
tired now you see got peanut butter at
work on dude you didn't want to act did
you like no I didn't want to act today
did you honestly just give me the end of
a banana eat that I'm not eating
the spider eggs thank you I don't know
I'm seasoning so much you know it's
funny about spinach and there's lettuce
in general if you were out in the wild
and you saw those out growing you just
pick it off and eat it this thing scares
me
Renae look up craziness
looks like Slimer poop really looks like
Slimer poop I just never have like in
the white with all the wind I wish I
just had wind all the time same time
that's true love your barley in the back
she's like what about me guys i back
here digging poor Marley to the vet
because you're itching is getting worse
now carrier she's tiny Marley you
singing Michael Jackson right there
really it's kind of funny that Michael
Jackson tone is the same thing as Marley
kids are going yeah you're a better
singer than Michael Jackson we all know
Marley it's been a Marley show last
couple days are you ready to go pletely
screwed up you'll pick her over you want
me to you being good did you leave your
mark he's so good at the vet oh my god
I'm so surprised by you Marley
look at me I'm pretty good it covered I
am very impressed miss you are up
there's my list of stuff to do you are
very good at the vet I'm very impressed
no I had to go to the post office
she'll be back though come here we're
gonna we're both going to doctors a lot
mom are you being so good here I know
you hate it but you're being really good
this for your hot sauce or Zoey's poop
thanks for doctor Internet we're making
sure Marley doesn't have a ear mites
since she's been itching your ears a lot
you look sad don't be sad Riley
you got all the peanut butter off at
least tell her good you did tell her you
have a little infection in your right
ear and you got some allergy medicine do
you want to go see your sister what
yes exactly said all right I'm not here
for Zoey and mr. and mrs. Oh II go see
your sister
get off me Marley rescue but Zoey didn't
miss you give a kiss
I will not Marley you really missed her
so continuing the trend that Marley
loves all types of fruit except bananas
listen very careful
it's listen to this Marley loves
watermelon okay no God here we go
sir sir sir sir
this is literally the worst aisle you
could possibly go on literally the worst
out you can go down when you're honest
like a smoothie diet is now the best
style cause it's boring cleanliness
poisoned so I told Charles one thing
when we came into this target I said can
you please remind me as soon as we step
into target say the words garbage bags
to me so we're down this aisle and as
I'm reaching for the garbage bags he
goes Oh garbage bags County garbage bags
it counts right it counts deep Charles
there's gonna kind of overpaying money
to throw things away we're literally
throwing money away such a weird concept
seems like the Fox has a whole lot of
 nothing I think I lost my husband
somewhere in the holiday
dacor are you me right now that is
terrifying this is the worst this is the
worst nightmare these real-life Medusa
just imagine something is afraid that
was an eyeball big deal he does awesome
thank God stop it I can't get this hat
okay Nick get that for snake make him
wear it all the time the ultimate and
this is where everyone in the story
thinks that there's something wrong with
you good job what's the date now it's
only the 15th you have two days to spare
I did say the seven Internet what day
that I say tell me in the comments I
don't remember I forgot that was
dramatic zoom I apologize my finger
slipped
what is your favorite Halloween candy
honestly the gold was when people would
give us an entire Snickers bar a whole
Snickers bar we had that happen a giant
one not by size entire Snickers I think
my favorite is starburst Arvest when you
get the double Pink's or the double reds
and then I was like that was lottery
there Internet your turn
tell us in the comments your absolute
favorite Halloween candy I think at the
full Snickers bar or money what about
when you got money
one time this guy gave us 20 bucks
that's a lot of candy it's cuz we're
only kids in the neighborhood we the
only one is try too lazy to go buy candy
open up yeah
there's 20 bucks go away please don't
screw up my house but I'm not gonna do
it I'm not gonna get candy and we want
to see my candy here's my candy
there's my candy rather than some
Cheetos we're gonna make a nice little I
decided carrot apple and spinach will be
a good alternative although I love
frickin Cheetos
looks like a freaking cheeto does it
turn my own not as satisfying I wanted
to say thank you to everyone in the
comments who have been suggesting
awesome little smoothie ideas one of
yours almond milk and spinach and then
this deliciousness
how you feeling Zoe you feeling good
today let's give it a shot it looks okay
rule number one was making smoothies and
juicing don't judge us a drink by its
cover color cover health we're gonna
kick the seward's ass right in the dick
so we're gonna do for this case it has a
dick we're gonna kick it right in the
dick so I just got out of the shower and
round the corner and I see this that's
pretty adorable is that yours and I see
this this is what your adorableness
going on okay this is why Marling this
is why Zoe attacked you the other day
did you do stuff like this you just
taunter what's the noise the reason why
farts are funnier because of the noise
at the smell the smell sucks thing I
broke the pinball machine with my
awesomeness the babes are on the way
there oh well alright guys it's about
time for us to head to bed thanks again
for watching today's video and be sure
to subscribe if you guys have not done
that already if you're brand new to our
videos welcome and thank you guys so
much for joining the CTFxC I know that
we're pretty weird sometimes and I know
that if you guys are new some of that
can come as a little bit of a surprise
but we hope that you guys will come to
love us the way the case in point but we
hope that you guys will come to love us
the way that we have come to love you
guys because you are a part of our
family and we really appreciate you and
everything that you do every single day
we've gotten so many great recipes from
you guys every single thing that we ever
decide to kind of take on in our lives
you guys are always there and are like
the enduring spirit and it's super
awesome so thank you guys so much for
that we'll see you guys tomorrow as
always and we love you good night guys
psst
with y'all trippin
where is he
ple
don't forget so anymore
