all right you ready to be a total
hipster and start juicing yeah let's do
it
that just looked like you were drunk I
am drunk I'm drunk I'm tiredness what I
start there
well they don't lick your mouth all
right so this is the rise and shine
thing so we need carrots celery to
apples some spinach and what else we
have here ginger root lemon really
actually this is one of the most common
juices though marlis just like give me
it
I want the strawberries wolf you didn't
want the cookies Steven core fu core
Steven core fu core this pure is freakin
amazing
I used to when I was little I used this
really rickety metal one that was just
super old and my grandma had and I used
to cut myself on it all the time because
it's like it was so unstable it didn't
have like a guard like this yeah that's
the kind of my would always flip around
the big freaking carrot the grossest
looking thing ever to of your mouth
closed dude right cleaning your teeth
let's just check out dainty Zoey's being
they see your carrot you haven't even
touched it yet what are you doing here's
the ingredients that we're using us from
the Food Network calm and that's the
directions so that way you guys can
follow along if you want to make this
juice of lemons delicious Oh power check
out the blades guys stick your finger in
there juice a finger juice yeah
looks like slime finding out of your
tastes changed as you get older I used
to hate spinach now I love it so much
where the grinch balls I usually makes
pinch balls
kokom green I remember buying this
juicer in college with the intention of
being doing this all the time for years
lasted maybe a couple months time
consuming I want to juice a banana you
juice a banana my favorite fruit of all
times is definitely a banana when you're
hungry does he eat a banana I promise
you'll be full and you'll be energized
and they're freaking delicious
healthy healthy slop I know it's super
healthy but it looks like grossest who
good ally did she spilled it everywhere
yeah team Charles yeah
like Slimer diarrhea it's supposed to
just drink that now you can drink it
it's got a festive straw you try it
first
we use a little bit too much ginger but
it's not bad it's too much enjoys ginger
it's not bad no ginger gets to your
throat mmm everything else surprisingly
works together fresh apple juice fresh
apple food
fresh apple juice fresh bananas fresh
strawberry smoothie Marley's dying for
it that's great babe
isn't it good come on dude or you can't
be in here you're gonna get through all
the mail that we have to go through for
the mail blog you ready to eat
everything come on now yeah yeah you
will come on buddy
how they call Marley come on okay don't
listen to me I guess being a girl is
weird
where're we going I guess well sheet
shopping
no not sheet shopping but would you know
why we're going to them to the mall
I told Charles that we're going sheet
shopping but really we're going to the
candle outlet are you serious yeah
that's fucked up that's fucked up
dragging you around dragging into the
candles yay
how could something that brings me so
much joy is so terrible for you did you
tricked me yeah you ready to just get
more cinnamon brooms okay actually you
can go and try your cinnamon drink the
Danny was telling you about
okay caramel pumpkin spice very close it
yeah suck you yeah keV I suck yeah yeah
are you matching yo which one's the real
one hold really really still char which
is real trolls I thought I was making
that word up on stone Ian's taking all
the credit I thought it's Tony I thought
it was just making up words when I was
all high in the medication he's haunting
you I'm tasting everything smelling come
on buddy I'm gonna put you in the grass
we're not getting very far so slow come
on come on
that's my hat day I finally have
anything else I think you look good in
hats
thank you like my head's too small so
you can hide it
get the old Orioles one that's classic
commence the smell Ã¤j--
it's not this one smells awful you're
gonna hate this one no you need to be
sponsored by candles but just candles
just candles under sponsored by all
candles pokemon is so weird
Pope came on I'm sorry I said I found
something I found it pokeball on the
light okay ba rock beats paper paper
covers rock and then rock beats scissors
you don't know these rules shut up you
already eaten did don't try to fake me
out always tries to fake me out I put I
put the food down you read them alright
make this house smell good
just an FYI I'm not I'm not I'm not
drinking mud it looks like what your
peers like when you put their catheter
out too soon I still feel that moment
dumbest thing I've ever done in my life
is that bull juice make anyone else in
the internet fart wedding leads to
bloody jab - oh poor Joey
I poured my line Zoe I was gonna put a I
have stickers that say be aware and I
was gonna put them on the wedding
invitation you're so happy aren't you
I love blood it's so weird I hate blood
special ones coming out of my body girls
want to go to bed and read we wanna
watch The Simpsons I go read the new bed
comes to Marland you guys can't sleep on
it it's only for us it's only for us
alright guys it's about time for us to
head to bed today was kind of one of
those slower days there we just sort of
like you know mosey - out in the house
doing paperwork and all that fun adult
crap that and really no one likes to do
but I guess it just has to get done what
do you want
you've just been non-stop wandering
around what are you doing so yeah guys
if you like this video be sure to click
thumbs up right there and also to a
brand new to our videos welcome and
please don't forget to subscribe thanks
again for watching and we love all of
you guys and we will see you tomorrow as
always good night what oh that is a
really gross noise oh my god no I don't
know how long were you standing there
enough to you I just like flipped out
with that noise that noise is like this
old person eating oatmeal noise knows a
guy in a flamingo hat eating a banana
nice hat
good night do you guys eat the ends of
bananas I wish I spread something that
spiders can like grow in the ends of
bananas yeah I think that's just someone
kind of get you to not even in all right
I've not eaten the ends of a banana
since I've read that on that note good
night
were sexy
with child tripping
to be an ally don't forget
