a sale faster we can get up in this
hostile state so a score friend let's go
friend that's pretty fast from zero to
sixty as long as the squirrel friend she
doesn't care
I'll get my bathing suit on you guys
wanna go swimming you go on first it's
kind of cold you move with the pool
heater it's still kind of cold it's a
little bit cold the step to where it
goes over your waist is the worst
especially if you're a guy see you
breath just keep breathing Charles you
can do this come on I feel like I'm we
gonna get in there and you're not gonna
go come on meet me halfway
I know what's gonna happen I'm gonna get
in this cold water you're just a stare
at me like what an idiot did she come in
the house yeah no she's being a punk
this is what happened why I say the word
exercise Google swimming ears popping he
said but you're so funny
come on mark I've noticed that she's a
lot more active when Ali and myself are
both outside no it's cold look for my oh
my god vajayjay eyeballs you right up
into my my stomach area so now you have
ovaries have ovaries now best exercise
for my left hand I just got drowned I
just my pants look like I was running
around the pool and I step and I feel
this rubber thing swirling under my foot
and I was like oh it is tiny step the
mellow guy all right it's all right
though check them out he jumped right in
your hand okay all right shirt to Zoe I
think she wants to think you stepped on
I think it's already scared that at
stake
damn Marla's like spaghetti and go over
it's good hope her nose I should say
wouldn't get seen by anything it doesn't
look like you should your pants oh there
we go mr. October made my parents proud
with that one I'm sure my mom and dad
they're proud of that one
all that money you spent for college
this is it right here so Ali and I were
actually thinking about getting a pet
pig
just because Marley I think is this to
River resembles a pig so much just kind
of like a random thing we were watching
YouTube videos of little tiny piglets I
guess is what they called it was so
funny because it reminded me of Marley
so much little pig tail and how it ran
and scurried everywhere any CTFxC errs
in the internet land actually have a pet
pig do you guys are they kind of cool
because I heard they're really really
smart and they're actually really easy
easy to train because they're like dogs
but it's smarter you guys didn't hear
that you didn't hear that you didn't
hear that they're smarter just don't
touch me don't touch me how cool would
that be to have a pet pig is this your
brother would that be cool no that's
pretty cute
come on an Apple keeps Bill Gates away I
think I've used that joke before uh sir
I think you missed a little something
right there
you're just like a huge patch right here
there's on purpose
oh my god and right here is completely
patchy I did it on purpose you see babe
shut up I thought these were problems
but these are actual real cupcakes I'm
going to take it then I'm hungry for a
cupcake make me cupcakes oh yeah this is
the a least favorite time of the year is
that for jello it'll match your shirt oh
you put it over your face Internet is
this a penis or a bone it's a bone the
bone you said it not me name that show
what year was it when we did the
gingerbread house so a few years ago
remember our our gingerbread house sucks
so bad
I won it was a contest I was way better
you cheated suck it
I kept the eating mind I have to start
changing my diet and start eating
healthy a lot of raw vegetables and raw
like fruits another cinnamon broom I'm
down with that I agree with that these
are raw those are
you guys actually have any good like
juicing tips or like raw vegetable tips
please tell me in the comments because
once I started this chemo stuff in like
a week and a half was it we're gonna
have for two weeks every two weeks or
something like that I need to basically
revamp my entire diet I'm a little
nervous about everything but I want I
need to be like healthy in tip-top
health actually I have to go to a sperm
bank I gotta save my little swimmers so
when we want to have kids cuz that TMI
guys I'm sorry I had to be open with you
guys if we're vlogging this whole
process I have to be completely open
with everything the problem is I don't
like vegetables I love fruit and I want
any be more vegetables and fruit fingers
TMI telling about my little swimmers and
saving them that you think that's ginger
in health they're gonna kick this
thing's ass so we're gonna do it kick
the c-word greatness balls I think this
is the best our shopping carts ever
looked ever I think I saw some on your
chest I think I could see your ribs you
need to eat something I feel compelled
to tell talk about of her second I was
looking at Twitter some people think
this is a Red Sox hat I just want to
make it known this is a Chicago White
Sox old-school hat that not to say
there's anything wrong with the Red Sox
I just been a White Sox fan since I was
a kid Frank Thomas I know this is why I
wore back in my day we play with wooden
bats all the time I just felt like I did
let you guys know if you guys didn't
know this is a White Sox hat that's the
Tampa Bay Rays hat now we're all clear
we'll clear it up now you're right the
hippies
I'm gonna have like a pumpkin so all
those pumpkins Wow baby pumpkins their
faces are dumb
I miss the boys from tour I miss keep it
cute from Summerfest we all owe my god
yeah yeah it's a cure find some dog toys
honey there's something wrong with your
hand are you talking about I'm not gonna
lie on if we were in the woods the
spider was on your back like that
I would probably not swipe it if I
didn't I mean I would try to swipe it no
honey don't move but there's a giant
freaking spider on your back in Spain
like people don't dress up in like
slutty like fairy costumes they dress up
like dead people like zombies like legit
bloody it's like gory yeah yes things oh
dear I'll be so pissed
honestly I'm not even gonna lie I have
not kept up with the Pokemon franchise
like since pokemon gold and silver so I
mean I don't think it's really there's a
Pokemon there like a million versions
tell me why is it gold silver x1 of it
it's made for money yeah you buy both so
you can trade with your friends Call of
Duty XY yeah buddy
buckle them in safety first pinball
competition round 2 I really do
you guys I gotta say does this say Thank
You Danny Lindsay for bringing my own
bare root beer oh yeah that's right you
don't Matt no no I didn't tell it all
right in the comments are you team
Charles and Danny or Lindsay and Ally we
tell the internet how to spell your name
so which team choose now before we play
this playing cornhole did you just get
it such a weird game as an Internet if
you've never played this
it's called cornhole so weirdest game in
the planet because that's so really
addicting what happened did you guys win
Lindsay's a shark
I could still see your ribs you just got
to eat something woman yeah like uh
Zoe's alleged it ah so it's that sad
time of the video where you have to say
goodnight and goodbye and in the video
don't forget to click thumbs up so that
way we know you guys enjoy the video it
only takes a second it really lets us
know that you guys had fun also if
you're brand new to these videos please
don't forget to subscribe and we'll see
you guys tomorrow as always have a great
night bye
see what he did
psst
with child tripping
with trippy
