hello everyone we are on our way to
Jacksonville because I'm going to go
play a show with my band we the kings
for a college show it's gonna be the
first time I play a show since the
surgery and since I've gotten my hand
back and everything it's a long drive
like four and a half five hours I got my
bus driver right here and also look what
I got today came to the mail today so
what I want to do is I want to try to do
an unboxing in the car so you guys want
to see me do that I wouldn't do that in
the car right now because it's got a
long drive so it's going to be you can
click here on the screen click right
here on this box right now if you click
right here to click the annotation or
click the link top link in the
description to make sure to watch the
unboxing 5s up doom I want to see how
good or how crappy this phone is as you
can see you got the white one so we a
sale Cole this touch ID is that all that
fun stuff so we're still driving but I
finished my little review was killed
some time but I think we still have like
an hour
times three show starts in two hours but
I'm not gonna play until check yes
Juliet so that's usually at the end I'm
still good I got my basis in the back I
got my bases in the back crank up the
bass and turn up to eleven but this goes
up to eleven it's louder why don't you
just make ten louder this one goes up to
eleven
quick what movie is that from if you
know you're an amazing person you don't
know somebody in the comments to tell
you and then you can watch it you'll be
an amazing person I love that movie
hail to the bus driver bus driver bus
driver hail to the bus driver bus driver
Ali remember that song used to sing that
you didn't ride the bus did you know
real song is from Assisi is it really
yes you know a Simpsons thing that I I
think that's an actual real thing though
isn't it wheels on the bus but hail on
the bus driver bus drivers memory bus
driver man bus driver Ali did Ali just
pull me on a Simpsons quote again I
thought I was from The Simpsons I can
totally hear Ralph singing that they did
do it I know they did they know it was a
real song I didn't have snow bus so I
don't know you didn't know I only went
to school with what eight people
graduated with you yeah Mercer training
class was nine nine including me so
eight pom pom pom pom
ba-ba-ba-ba we have nine miles till
we're out of gas typical trippy fashion
what all right we found gas last minute
at least follow that plane getting some
natural energy
I think also make it so we're at the
school now we're trying to find the guys
hey nerd rock
hi guys what's going you know we lost
right I don't care
you didn't go to the game problem is
Stockton to go to the game that's what
happened mama certainly wouldn't want
sorry that's all nerd rocks fall so I
put my ears on when I want to do summer
play check yes Juliet nice I forgot how
to do these things
really you got a helper he doesn't know
how to get you kind of a little side all
I say I'm not gonna get all - yeah
definitely an emotional emotional thing
that's for sure
not a dry eye in the house no I've
already cut man manly I'm leaking up my
abandoned land eyes real manly game I
see pride and I see mother
and I see you move everybody let's get
chopped
cheering up a little bit right now
you're walking
your rod is killing it right now
haven't seen the band for this angle of
years definitely reforms definitely very
emotional right now for me something I
truly man's up being on the music
whoo
whoo kids biggest there I love that guy
he'll do more sucks when the doctor
already said I can only do one this is
the doctor by the way my doctor my real
doctor
Claire
but it's not listening to me Freebird
I got a book
you
and now we head to the greenroom where I
can poop about Ferris everybody poops
that was a fun show my hand goes a
little slow but I know that just comes
with time for Sullivan there were three
weeks I think literally three weeks the
Pels back on stage so I think with time
they'll get way better look at brand new
phone it's disabled I was goofing around
with it too much are you stealing chips
I'm pregnant
Frank the chips sir Zack that's are you
stealing stuff - Zack yeah stealing
stuff for babies and lunch tomorrow
hi you guys left me yogurt raisins now
we're on our way home it is midnight
right now and Ally the bus driver the
badass bus driver is driving us home
we're not gonna get home till 4:00 a.m.
so the comments is just Ally the badass
for the secret phrase is everyone tell
Alex about us from driving me around
because without her driving there was no
way I could have got to play today show
time I was just divulged that I love my
lovely wife and she's a complete badass
anyway so we're going back home I'm a
little tired it was awesome getting back
on stage to seeing everyone who haven't
seen everyone since Fort Lauderdale show
like three months ago like one of those
things where you been gone for so long
and just you pick it up and just it
feels like yesterday kind of thing being
back on stage with everyone just
literally felt like yesterday just felt
really good felt really good I felt
amazing actually
whoo and I just teleported home
automatically so I just want to let you
guys know before I went to bed that the
iPhone cases and all the shirts are in
stock right now it's CTFxC merch so if
you want to get one of those cases go
pick them up now there's three designs
have you been waiting to get a t-shirt
they're all in stock right now as well
so get those before they go out of stock
I know they've been I was stopped for a
very long time I just wanted to do a
little reminder before I passed out so I
am exhausted
Ali's exhausted she's been driving all
day tell Ally she's awesome in the
comments for drug
what are you doing your face so I will
see you guys smile have a great night
and see you my buddy
all right bye guys
it's coming our guard me waiter
hey where's baby at sexy
giddy with child trippy
would be an ally don't forget to
you
