hello everyone we are away to
Jacksonville because I'm gonna go play a
show with my band we the kings my name
is Charles and I just got this today and
I'm in the car because I'm on the way to
that's the only thing he didn't unboxing
I was in a tour bus right now I'm in my
car on the way to play a show - what's
up I'm here to do a nice little unboxing
of the iPhone 5s
I had the 64 gigabyte here's my old one
I have filled this one up with all the
Touring's of this full of photos so I
had to get a new one I wanted to do a
nice little unboxing
just to see if this thing is worth
actually getting I'll admit it I'm a
sucker for Apple anything they put out I
end up wanting I'm an Apple sheep I get
it
I understand there's probably better
phones out there but for some reason is
just something about it that I really
like so I'm gonna see if it's actually
worth it though we're gonna open it up
we got like a five-hour drive so I'll
probably done by the time this thing's
open
everything a co-participant my wife's in
the car as well do anything sure just
keep doing this like it like a monkey
trying to get thick a clam so typical
Apple fashion their boxes the packaging
is always amazing there it is it's just
like where's mine so here's my iPhone 5
I got the black one or what is a Space
Gray last time which was just black last
time now I got to do the white one which
has the white and silver I just think
the white is a little bit cleaner so
it's just take this off compare the two
pretty much exact they are exactly the
same obviously they didn't change the
design at all except the only thing I
can see different is that the with the
touch ID it's got a nice little ring I
don't know if that ring is the actual
touch ID I would imagine it is
so this was a 32 gigabyte but like I
have filled it up so many times that
I've had the delete thing this one thing
I hate doing is believing
I hate deleting memories so this time I
got the 64 gigabyte one computer stupid
stupid head I could put the files on the
computer negative first in the comments
however are they since I travel so much
I like to have my memories on my person
all the whole time so I can just look at
them I know you guys don't really sound
like that but I need someone's gonna ask
that question well you have to remember
something apparently
that's my phone number I can't show you
yes
that could show that for my social
security
I can't there's a lot of critical
stuff I can't show you guys right now
all that that's what happens when you do
things in the car
does anyone ever read the Terms &
Conditions I don't think I've ever read
the Terms and Conditions if somebody
read the Terms & Conditions they
probably wouldn't agree to and there's
no disagreed you can't continue
activating my phone so I can take a few
minutes so while let's take okay that
works the next step thing that you do is
just set up the touch ID you set up
fingerprints see this is the thing
that's really cool you can add multiple
fingers because you have ten fingers you
know so you don't always have to use
your thumbs place your figure and rest
it on and go up and down so apples is
taking my my DNA release my thumbprint
guess it's not really DNA move your
fingers slightly between scans so good
make sure to take all my thumbprint okay
no it's not working this is not looking
good this is looking really really
embarrassing
okay a gesture grep and do it again I
guess he's got to make sure to get more
does you have ten fingers I guess you
could do this ten times and then if you
have to have more fingers than just ten
guess you can do it more success assess
this doubt
slide to unlock
let's try it
I guess it didn't get my finger oh
they're sweet
that's actually pretty cool actually
take it back it only allows you to have
five fingers so one hand so you can't
have both hands do it on your dominant
hand obviously that hopefully will be
fixed with a software update I'm hoping
all right so we're all set up everything
looks the same obviously I mean it
really until the iPhone 6 is gonna be
the same exact phone this is the one
thing I'm really looking forward to is
the flash cellphones have always made
dogs with a demons and it's called the
true flash I'm hoping they finally got
rid of the whole demon dog thing
know where the dog's eyes look like all
green
they can change the flash mimic engines
alright so if this works so you slide to
unlock there's a passcode so I'll put my
finger on it see what it does because it
bypasses is so touch ID works good
pretty cool actually motor house secure
it actually it's definitely probably
just a novelty see a cool thing ally
just brought up is that you can still
use your passcode if you really want to
but I think I'm gonna be so lazy I'm
just going to do this every single time
I'm pretty like impatient so that's kind
of cool to have that option I mean this
is kind of like a lame unboxing just
because of the fact the phones are
identical the last one I did for the
iPhone 5 from the iPhone 4s was a lot
better it's no one feels exactly the
same the exact same phone yeah they're
both right in their displays
that's gonna be a huge jump now he got
the she has the four s gonna be a huge
difference for her it's gonna be I'm
freaked out about the cameras I think it
might be a big I'm dropping things this
is what happens doing an unboxing in the
car so it comes with the new headphones
they came with the vibe was I
particularly like to particularly like
another Thunderbolt cable need a little
brick everything that always comes with
it should take a photo to see the photo
was a little bit better
hey Internet this is the five right now
this is the 5s can you guys tell any
difference
hello 5s hello five I don't know if you
guys can tell the difference but I think
this is a little clearer but I can't
really tell it's kind of hard hard to
tell my eyes I just because I say my
eyes aren't right now look hey uh that's
stupid of me all right this one is fun
what're they here on the right is 5s
that's my wife Allie and that's the five
on the left can you guys tell the
difference that's the internet there
always see how did the Internet it
definitely seems like the range is a lot
wider which is nice
I guess this is the sensors bigger which
is cool you gotta love that
not assumed in the bottom once and we're
zoomed in actually I want to try the
flash let's try the flash I'm gonna put
a blind you hear that quick I'm gonna
take it with the five - let's compare
those two flash
you definitely Talbot it's a lot clearer
the 5s is a lot clearer if you're lazy
you want better photos and maybe one
upgrade and then that is pretty much the
exact same phone Apple then could be
getting convinced me otherwise on that
supposedly it's faster but I don't
really play many games on here can i
fling an Angry Bird faster let me know
what you guys think in the comments are
you gonna wait for the iPhone 6 oh
you're gonna get two 5s or is Android
way better well we gotta go I gotta go
get my mind set play a show tonight
first show and like a few months I'm
pretty pumped have you just randomly
found this video hi my name is Charles
its my wife Allie and we do daily videos
on the cc2 CTFxC channel we've been
doing the first like sixteen hundred
days
16:24 we have a Guinness world record
for doing that where you can fall fall
out a hall like life actually I just had
brain surgery too as you can see it's
pretty gnarly so go check that out
youtube.com saw CT mxc hope you guys
liked this video like I said check out
the other one it's a little bit more
in-depth because the phones were a lot
more different alright now it's time to
retire this phone
bumbum wait uh Star Wars bum ba-bum
ba-bum ba-bum I keep doing Star Wars or
sub-recipient reason for a second and
breathe
oh I'm not biased oh alright this is the
important part LTE
you
