oh hey oh yeah she comes
yes hi we love yourself protect yourself
Chloe run Joey hi girls
well your dick yeah to make things
easier I am and PM Phil thanks nighttime
did I feel like an old man named
conversations conversation what'd she
say she was telling me that you need to
stop eating sugar and that you need to
listen to me when I tell you oh you know
what you say there's your line if she
using you as a way to make me listen to
her all the time so many pills make me
healthy so we are going to meet up with
snake right now to go get my bass cuz
tomorrow I'm going to make gonna go meet
up with snake tomorrow I'm gonna be
going to the Luther King show maybe I
might play a song don't know what song
yet but I definitely need my bases
little would be farofa bass thankss
bases and then you double my basses
right I don't know so I'm asking you
guitars bass guitarist I'm gonna go get
my bass guitarist I miss them I haven't
seen them in a while I don't have names
for him yet do we ever name them
Internet we named a fish at an airport
we never named our base my priorities
are a little flipped around but yeah I'm
gonna go get my bass guitars then we're
going to that show Jacksonville tomorrow
and then I'm going to go I want to have
both of them one of them's turning
yellow because the heat
because it's on fire it's so hot every
time I play I changed the color because
I'm just trained so hot with it I swear
I'm not any medication right now I'm
just wear little looping of tired and
bored I'm very bored today
alright that's my baby right there cuz
all we the kings this is our seater
there yeah I think you need to climb
here tiny get up there be careful with
my baby baby stuff all there's those
four times from the tour I was trying to
take our equipment you can't play guitar
it's so cute I will now there's my
favorite set of Danny's drums right
there these dummies on the sides there's
the dummies from the Summerfest tour
those dummy dummies is everyone good no
destruction so you left a trash in the
trash
I couldn't eat it I couldn't eat the
trash I really don't believe you that
sounds like a lie I don't believe you do
you believe it there's no like it sounds
like a live the old fib see so it was a
lie promise oh I need to put a freaking
light in there every time we open this
that's what new rock has to do every
time you open this yeah I want to hear
that they're in the green room every
single time nerd rock opens up by case
you gotta go there's a bug a rare bug
he's gonna disappear yeah you talk about
the video game I talk about the video
game where that a real-life game show
what is always as dead it was pretty
goofy instead of getting home like
approach the couch at a 45 degree angle
and jump on she was going to lay down
I taught her to jump she was like what
oh okay I'm like totaling that it's like
half her body like reach wail like weird
were you embarrassed by that this your
angry bird you know it's like one of
those things when you get knocked off
the horse you shoot it so it's easier to
get back on just kidding just kidding
I mean you basically just climb the
horse so it see when you get up to a
certain that'll hover when you get
knocked off the horse you climb right
back on you don't shoot it that was just
be kidding it was just me being goofy
now I'm ready to get back on that horse
figuratively I've actually only ridden a
horse movie twice I think once was
actually during the Jamaica vlogs I
think it was like the first time I ever
rode a horse during the Jamaica vlogs
are you a Seminole Zoey
hey one thing that's been very common
our house announced us we got the
pinball game is that there's always
heated competition
sibling rivalry right now get out of
here your bed
though he keeps bringing it back I'm a
thinker I'm a little stinker so what's
the game plan is we're gonna go we're
gonna I'm gonna watch the band I just
want to hang out see everyone I miss
every single one of everyone I haven't
seen nerve lock forever I love nerd
rocks so much he's such a good guy so
I'm a little nervous to get back onstage
and don't worry I'm not gonna overdo it
and I'm gonna probably play one or two
songs probably gonna do just keep
breathing because that was the first
song I played when I got the ability to
play guitar again
and maybe one other song you just
haven't decided yet give me some
motivation on Twitter so I can read that
on our long freaking Drive I love you
guys thank you so much for looking out
for me and giving me that support those
are amazing people get a non-metal do
that you have shoes on and it's official
the bad parent award goes Ally myself
cuz we got home around like 10:30 and
Zooey Marley usually ate at E that 8
a.m. and 8 p.m. so we missed we got home
late and they didn't remind usually they
remind us of when they want to eat but
we were gone first time in history of
these two dogs that they've been we
forgot to feed them and literally in the
history but the bad parent award goes to
Ally myself she always just takes it out
and puts it on the floor you're on a lot
of pills just like Daddy
all right guys it's about time to say
good night we are very very excited for
tomorrow you know a little bit nervous
about Charles going on stage not because
I don't think he can do it just because
it's the first time he's been on in a
while and a lot has happened but I think
it's gonna be really really good for him
to get back out there with the boys and
I think it's gonna be really great for a
lot of you guys to see him up there
doing this thing so that's great I am
very excited for that tomorrow and I
think Lindsay and maybe Caitlin will
come with us I hope that they get to
alright guys thanks again for watching
today's video if you have not already
subscribed please be sure to do so and
click thumbs up down
to let us know that you guys like the
video and also get ready for Friday
because remember that's when the iPhone
cases are going on sale and I am super
excited and I asked them if they could
do like a special rush order on mine and
send me one before everybody else and
they totally denied me so I'm kind of in
the running with you guys
scrambling to get one of those cases
alright thanks again for watching and we
love you guys and we'll see you tomorrow
as always good night guys
wait
worse yet sexy
giddy with child tripping
with trip in early don't forget to eat
more
