good morning guys I just have to show
you this is so adorable you buy her head
they get comfortable spot see there's a
comfy I gotta admit this is far the most
adorable thing ever
somebody adorable feels going on right
now so though so I think what's going on
is out I had a bad dream and I think
Zoey heard it and she freaked out and
went up there by her head
who says dogs don't have feelings
Marley's already there protecting house
but you're here to go screw everything
out liar yeah yeah I'm here to screw
everything up yeah I think she's laying
on my pillow cuz she knows my head is
all goofed up now Marley's here to just
mess everything up shaky camera needs to
be on me at all times guys what a funny
angle this is makes me laugh it's gonna
be a good morning this girlfriend comes
to say hi oh is that your buddy
ex-girlfriend well school friends a boy
I could see his balls it's girlfriend
your boy there's an unflattering angle
your balls dude I like it
tell me move so funny like every day
this guy comes out this method with Zoey
Marley he's kind of like our unofficial
pet the galleys editing right now in the
zone I know I wanted to show you guys
when I was talking about yesterday the
iPhone cases well we made some
adjustments based on your guys's
critique then I wanted to show to you
guys there you guys go
so we made some adjustments based on all
you guys suggestions so this will be
available Friday along with the other
two cases I'm pretty pumped she's got
the goofiest tail good tail so pigtail
oh you took away from me okay guys an
exciting evening
on our way to the truck right now it's
the Rays versus the Red Sox there's
something interesting
our very first log was that a raise
first Red Sox game that's right any day
one of the logs you'd really leave that
better over 1600 days yeah I feel like
it's less just kind of like filming
stuff on the ground and more actually
talking about relevant things we still
don't know what we're doing now but we
had a million of you guys to share the
things we don't know we're doing 1.1
million CTFxC hers was blows my frickin
mind so we're trying to meet up with
guerrilla LLA when are we not late we're
always late no I hate that but not
always we're not always really a lot I
feel like we underdressed fear
we don't need anymore balls
beautiful hair
how I get
but better
so the girls have little goblets alright
I'm gonna drink out of this all the time
goblets of wine
try to figure out her wine glass oh yeah
you know you know you know wine good
then you have to peel it open the box
wine Sally watching yourself ace
ballplayers falling
shopping by shopping so if the ring is
make it to the World Series we're gonna
paint the souls of our high heels blue
and call them Louboutins
I don't think any guy got that girls
translate that in the comments for all
I'm gonna pay attention I'm gonna hit
the head days later
crazy
it was festive though giver get angry at
pom-poms in the face
Jolly's favorite part of baseball right
here
what I bet
in rehab take one right now I make the
water in the hydration
one right one right yeah Frankie Frankie
is getting everyone drunk right now
smiley plate hi to my channel my sister
watches this day what we're here like
breaking box about the comments that
could be getting everyone's wrong hey
Frankie bitch everybody beer for today
back
there
it's so hard to keep those things going
whenever they raised it a lot of it of
encouragement we just turned to Honda of
the pepper
back off back off you to Danny and Liz
they're the hot dogs beans
the quickly we did the better it is you
know go it'll be a bond the quicker I
don't know if that was just jumbled mess
Internet I think what I just said was a
jumbled mess
how you feeling in fact I like you like
it
so good eat it eat it gimme the fourth
one the Travis Red Sox come back you
know that
so we lost that's okay I was talking to
hunter Danny and Travis we are playing
we the Kings are playing a show at
Jacksonville University at this Thursday
October 10th and I was talking with them
I'm gonna go to that show and I'm gonna
play I'm gonna try to play a song so if
you're going to the show this Thursday
October 10th at Jacksonville University
I will be there I'm just missing it so
much so I talked to the guys and really
yeah just come on out hang out with
everybody so that's some good news even
though we lost weight where's our car
you have a good night hanging out with
Dennis and Lauren all night well it's
that time of the video where we say
goodbye
good night there's kind of cool to kind
of restart the vlog where we kind of
started back in the day actually I
wanted to ask you guys what day did you
guys start watching the CTFxC if it was
600 videos ago if it was yesterday tell
me in the comments and if you can
remember the title tell me the date the
day number and then the title whatever
you can remember it's kind of crazy
thinking about day one and now we had
this guy on our wall because of you guys
as it blows my mind it's turned into
something so massive beyond us like
community all of you guys support for
each other like not just for me and Ally
but for each other like you do good holy
crap you scared the crap out of me you
did a good job that's getting crap out
of me there's been so many people that
have actually met each other on the in
the comments section that I actually
started dating I'm not kidding I've met
so many people on the road which is so
crazy for me the thing about and so cool
also was reading the comments about how
I told you guys I was gonna go to the
Jacksonville University show on the 10th
and it was so sweet you guys are all
like I'm really happy just don't overdo
it
you guys are like like my parents which
is so so sweet of you guys are so caring
and there's like a bunch of alleys I
have a bunch of alleys than the internet
Oh
again more than one of me is horrible
don't forget if you like this video
click that little thumbs up doohickey
and don't forget to subscribe if you
guys are brand new and we'll see you
guys tomorrow as always so have a great
night see you guys bye guys
what
worth maybe a touch me
giddy with child tripping
through it with Josephine Harry
you
