good morning it is very early and
Charles is very tired
we are trippy fan hello
not sure I'm pointing the camera at
anybody hopefully that's not just my ear
and actually I can see someone we are on
our way to talk to a neuro-oncologist
this morning zap zap zap er and I need
to get out the interstate that way back
in the hospital the Sun smell don't like
the smell of hospitals you walk in yours
like excuse me sir you are not the
doctor what's the name you've ever
wondered work I did it first I thought
this was a virile vein but Charles is
mom's a folder sister sketchy on it
where'd you get that and it says rock
and roll I'm sure it is Melissa's that
doesn't like ever liliane doesn't it it
holds my papers it works I'm gonna get a
Lisa Franklin or Trapper Keepers
yeah oh my god a 5 star I read something
like if your Instagram photos look like
Anna Lisa Frank album you're over
overdoing your your filters so we're
just waiting on plumbing number two
right now I mean number one was pretty
freakin good I'll fill you guys in when
we get home but actually I may be a long
day too
soup might be everything do an MRI we
just never find out
that's what I have for fun I'll see him
it's so weird so creepy that's creepy
look at this fancy contraption it's the
scariest Church get locked in that is
pretty frightened boy house hello
some pretty rickety terrifying seems
like torture happens in this chair
remain seated
no and please review all the information
your seat back pocket thank they're
taking my blood I think they're part of
vampires I have a little van in there we
go oh it's a husband wake up Lord all
right open your boy don't sweat that
just as a choice
no it wasn't you up all night because
you chose a good woman I was up on my
organizing like your paperwork so we're
on 12 hour we have 12 hours now we got
parents being complete troopers Ally
being a trooper over here I'm about to
tap out got some good news goodish news
goodish good as it could possibly be yes
could always be worse knock on wood I
would knock on there but I think it's
fake mom knock on it this is definitely
would Mac Mac Mac wake up there's a wood
is the wood over this you didn't know
the Razr playing the Red Sox which is
funny because I think we talked about it
like I was wearing this all up in Boston
it didn't mean anything now that I'm
back here if I wore this back up must I
might get my butt kicked
yeah just couple days ago nobody cared
about the race by the way I got a pretty
awesome White Sox hat coming too
nice couple days I only hope to get out
how about them raised by wolves you mind
over there yeah that aside to tie
sweater a little nuts
I'm crazy yeah I can't stop fidgeting
why are you laughing champ what happens
gratifying out the catheter the dumbest
thing I've ever done in my life is
pull-up partying in an MRI clearly only
hurt yourself when you do that dental no
mustard gas farting in an MRI listening
to journey you're not something that
will find you did we hurt separate ways
this morning yes lemon I wanted a
contest with journey and Electric Light
Orchestra yell oh my god old school wait
you saw Steve Perry yeah but we're just
sitting here immediately
at least I smelled I said Charles did
you fart
cuz you better believe that you did that
of the same brand harness my dad goes no
it was me and he's just chuckling back
there haha Jacqueline Jackie but
smoothly folks they're healthy poops he
said he was poo pourri up his asshole
huh so the good news about this tumor is
that it accepts a chemo really well
unlike all other like tumors and stuff
like that so they think the coop just
the chemo right away except do the chemo
and radiation it was a good idea because
then that way that could keep it at bay
keeping from spreading and growing every
year there's like more and more like
step forward and like medical like jumps
and stuff like that every year there is
good science and dancers advances in
science and then if we end up ever
having to do radiation we have that as a
like plan beer in our back pocket type
thing I mean if there's going to be good
news that's the good news that's the
positive news right there so that's the
short story so that's that that's
high-five moment one two three high-five
don't break your computer's one two
three high-five
I'm losing my mind
twelve and a half hours right now got a
cake pop chew with your mouth closed
what's going on um our policy was that
it I turn around Ali's like dozing off I
woke up with my phone so I got some good
news guys we've been waiting to do
iPhone cases until the new iPhone came
out I felt I would feel terrible baking
one and then the new iPhone comes out
you know good old Apple screw it up so
I'm working on that right now this is
kind of an idea for one case hopefully
we'll have this ready for by the end of
the week but these will fit for the
iPhone 5 and the 5s keep following us on
Twitter um I'll keep you guys posted and
um this is something you guys have been
asking us to do for a very long time and
we finally found another company they
can actually do this so what do you guys
think
iPhone cases thumbs up yes tell us in
the comments what what kind of design
would you guys like I'm thinking maybe
this would be cool and the the Disney
Princess of Allie would equal I'll show
you guys that in a second and there's
designed to alley lower tattoos she was
dreaming I was trying to film it but I
think I woke her up Oh Zoe did I wake
you
I'm sorry these dogs wake us up in the
middle of the night like at least twice
a night by doing insane amounts of
barking and growling and kicking and
giggling oh yes thank you very active in
their sleep it's pretty she's pretty
close guys chasing squirrels I just
talked to dftba which runs our store
these these iPhone cases are actually
coming out Friday this Friday for free
order and we have three different cases
here let me show you there's three
different cases we're gonna have three
different cases from free order on this
Friday 10 11 13 at CTFxC merch calm so
we have Ali as the tattoo beauty in the
ink and then we have the awesome family
phone
and then we have the Nerds one because
we had to do a Zoey Marley one right now
all we can do is the iPhone 5 and the 5s
eventually we'll try to get into the
androids so I apologize if you don't
have an iPhone if you have a different
kind of phone so I just want to let you
guys know we aren't just completely
ignoring Android with that being said
the iPhone cases go on sale this Friday
by the way how's my speech doing they're
doing better guys every once in a while
my lip kind of does a weird thing but is
it getting better good my slowly getting
back to old Charles oh hell no what's up
all this was just a quick friend what
was bad you're stuck now she can't get
help
you're stuck you're stuck there you go
Oh somebody needs a bath so the alaria
swirled of Charles Trippy post-surgery
is striking again can't find my wallet I
probably love me my idea my idea my ID
like driver's license because since I
can't drive I never have it on me
anymore what do you think it is that's
Cookie Monster I don't think anyone I
don't think no one takes that man string
oh this is the thing I can rip this Hulk
you won't be able to uh-huh uh-huh pull
the tab pull it nice Hulk all right guys
thank you so much for watching today's
video if you have not subscribed please
do and hello yeah be sure to click like
and tell your friends and ill that's
gross okay alright we'll see you guys
tomorrow as always why are you nasty
nasty can I clean my brain I literally
don't have a dirty brain anymore a dirty
mind I don't have a dirty mind anymore I
can't even say your own joke right drug
say the dirtiest joke ever and I know I
don't have a dirty mind anymore
alright guys we'll see you tomorrow love
you bye see what you did
it's hardly wait
hey where's ePSXe
with Joe Trippi
a word
yes with chakra Fieri don't forget to
eat more
you
