sorry
good morning everyone
really nice arabe by going to the peel
box we haven't done this since before
the hurricane right
ours is easy to remember because it's a
darker one that's yep it's easy to
remember everyone else's brass and I was
like oh boy
and there's kid and this keys okay
that's quite a lot by the way for
everyone curious that is RPO box if you
want a screen grab it so you know
pulpers
Ali's favorite thing is to look and see
where all these are coming from like
where you guys are
there's another thing 8 sorry
a lady came earlier today so we got a
quote for the office in the bedroom so
cuz we've been like working really hard
to be able to do this we've always
talked about doing it but we haven't
been able to do it yet we can actually
get this hospital and we got all the
stuff because Ali was right and I was
wrong yesterday I can admit it I kind of
it when I'm wrong I couldn't yesterday
when I was editing and I saw that you
were right I was like oh I was wrong
isn't it funny we can find water
everywhere now how am peanuts was that
ever an issue for peanuts cashews good
cuz they're like issues but cashews
come on those I was pretty lame hey
you're my biggest fan dead this is gonna
jab you in the back no keep walking
not strutting seriously this is probably
gonna jab you in the back I'm not paying
attention
this is us busting out our fifth grade
math skills right now put 12 square feet
and we have a total of no plus 175 so
we're going to see everything plus 175
565 divided by 12
but we need 47 of those boxes and it
does not look like they have actually
they might know how many they don't have
47 of these we're gonna be buying off
this whole thing let me just let me just
so we have math do you want to know fun
a fun little fact you know I was a
teaching assistant in college for
mathematics so we need did you know what
so I've at one point in my life I was
pretty decent at actually doing that
well I mean that's cheap carpet look at
see carpet is about the same amount of
money we would need the pet protect so
that'd be more money than doing tile
what do you guys prefer a carpet or you
prefer tile I'm a tile person especially
if you have animals it's so much easier
to sweep so we went to that one place to
get the tile we found it but I feel like
it's just a little bit more friendly at
the HD you always have a middle time
here there's the colors right there
right here
truffle big trouble it's not gonna be
the same name let's try that it's no a
little dark yeah he's turning into a
project didn't have it here didn't have
it here we're trying to find the truck
they'd hold the truck here that on the
truck there and have a truck anywhere I
keep calling you Hall and of like hey do
you rent trucks or like no we don't in
trucks like okay that's cool man okay I
just had the weirdest interaction
there's this lady over there by alley
and she starts talking to her the most
random thing and starts grabbing my arm
and just rubbing my arm trying to see my
fat to Burrell or something so they love
tattoos I think they're awesome
and she's like the only thing is that
they're toxic and I'm like well
everything's technically toxic and then
she gets like great in my face and she's
like oh you're a smart one creepiest
weirdest interaction I've ever had
specifically at a store in public too
well we did mean awesome significant ear
and her family she was super sweet funny
enough she was fixing our toilet thanks
everyone's fixing stuff it's per piece
I am so computers out okay so what does
it say so we need 15 times 12 I'm not
cut out for this stuff I lose my mind
but you know it's gonna be worth it once
we get everything taken care of it's
gonna be really nice I'm not actually
looking forward to it a lot so I get to
start the cameras both cameras
maybe I should film for a living
so we thought that we would be able to
put this in the back of a car a little
by little I'm not even kidding this
truck was like this tall like this say
it was this high above the wheel well
the second they put that down there it's
like bad now it's it was insane and now
I'm literally in the lowrider it's kind
of crazy half of Italy there's only half
pellets you need two of those this is an
interesting day so far
first I got I guess caressed by an old
lady
we had a weird interaction meta CTX here
which was a nice highlight which made
that little less weird driving a
lowrider bouncing camera because I don't
have a tripod first time driving a truck
oh yeah this is more like a pickup truck
the other ones are like flatbeds kind of
fun it's not gonna be fun I was
unloading all these things though swings
open let's not break something how do
you want to do this do you want to drop
them down or you want me to drop them
down
well they just got any more fun they
gave us a wrong one remind me the next
time Ali and I gets the bright idea
wrong way the bright idea to do a giant
project like this not to so I think they
got it all taken care of absolutely
drive all the way back oh boy
I feel accomplished once it gets done
that I think in the middle of us
breaking down the palette and lifting
these heavy boxes of tile I looked at it
because char called me before he got
home and he said you know they said that
the colors are gonna vary so just tell
him to intertwine them and I looked at
it I'm like man Charles this really
doesn't look like our tile I know that
the color can fluctuate a little bit but
this does not look like our tile so look
on the box at the color and it's not our
tile and I felt so bad because first off
I feel bad for them because they're
gonna have to unload it and then reload
it I felt bad because Charles and I
thank God we only did a few boxes but I
know that it's kind of hassle on both
ends so I'm glad we caught it what we
did because it wasn't ours it wasn't
ours since today it's been kind of funny
where things have not really been
working out as planned doing kind of
scrambling to get things together I'm
glad that we're figuring it out and I'm
glad that we are getting things together
but I'm really happy that we actually
had this opportunity to kind of make
this change in our house it's been
something that we've been thinking about
for a while we've been saving up enough
money to where we can make this small
change and it but I mean it's a big
change for us but in actuality this is
kind of a small change but it's
something that we are so proud that
we've worked hard enough to afford I
can't wait to see the final results I'm
like super excited big changes in the
house it's very exciting it's bound to
happen that things are not gonna work
out because that seems like the true
trippy nature and I'm noticing that it
is rubbing off on me now because I am a
trippy
so our neighbor came over and she's
playing with a kitty because now we have
a kitty cat babysitter when we got a
town the dogs always go to Melissa and
my mom's house but now kitty cats got
friend to play with
she's so crazy you know who she looks
like we think she looks like Puss in
Boots we were trying to pick out a
Halloween costume for her she loves it
she does go after shoe laces so beware
like I don't know what to do don't do it
don't don't do it
yeah yeah don't jump you come down here
trying to eat your food get her hair
she's like I have a new best friend I
have a new best friend
she said you can she's so goofy it looks
like Rico your nails are becoming best
friends now that's gonna be your cat
babysitter
well hard neighbor Elsa just went home
but I gotta tell you what feeling pretty
lucky because we now have kitty cat
babysitter and the cat loves her yeah
she does and it's you know that verse is
a free babysitter kind of funny that we
have a babysitter for our cat but it's a
good thing we're so happy about it
Angie's right next door and the best
part is is that she loves this cat and
the cat loves her which makes the whole
situation just perfect and did you show
how the cat now did you teach her it
tells the teacher what make up the
stairs the cat the other day I had her
out when Charles is away on tour and I
just brought her over to the stairs and
she jumped up one and then jumped up too
and that she didn't go anywhere but
today with Elsa she ran up the entire
set of stairs all the way to the top you
always watch her nice Wow
honey you know I just had a weird fear
that maybe you were gonna slip and get
your thumb and then you okay which one
do you want which one you want is that
your good thumb though which one you
want
I don't think Diesel's gonna eat a big
one what do you want baby put it down
Laura somebody want B good girl oh did
you get any more all I really can't eat
anything it doesn't matter if it's her
size or even larger than what she is she
could eat the whole thing
are you ready to show him going up the
stairs you got this
no don't don't want to do it now Rika
we cut a bunch of best friends your
follow me
gonna come nope too much work so funny
this cat just follows me everywhere are
you gonna come
she said I'm coming up up careful though
No yeah I'm gonna go up here anymore
Marley
mom are Marley it's go one cookie and
there she is okay this is gonna be your
harness guys see if this even fits you
not even on you all right well let's
figure this out I can't even figure out
how to put this on you you go like this
oh yeah baby does okay I think that's my
way what is this
you probably go like this into your body
it's so tiny
let's figure this out together okay okay
I don't have a boob I'm sorry I have no
milk for you the funniest part is I
don't think this can actually get any
smaller it's not a toy
this is a harness how does this work I
honestly think it's just because she's
still like a month out of being I want
to stay legal you want it's actually
good play with it and be friends with it
there give you a little harness on and
shake a pickup like this I might be on
backwards though don't lock the camera
down okay
don't burn yourself on the candle you
dummy I'm thinking it's just gonna be
patience to wait pretty a bigger thinks
that's what's gonna end up happening
deal are you going out there again if
you like seeing the camera
that we're young yep stay away from the
freaking candles stay away from the
garbage disposal definitely don't think
I'm doing this correctly it's all about
the camera Joe I say good night that is
that wall cat speak anyway guys I hope
you enjoyed today's video please don't
forget to subscribe and turn on those
notifications and we will see you guys
tomorrow as always have a good night bye
you're hanging out there parrot
