what are you wearing your tale about and
why are you sitting on daddy oh my god
Marley you have just ruined everything
she's being a little dickhead why are
you sitting on your sister's head for
real then she comes and tackles me what
is your deal I see you totally see oh my
okay really
is that it come on day three of swimming
let's go let's go do this whatever they
check you out what I've been saving this
for when you text me something really
funny or really cool by the way
yesterday or today we uploaded a lost
footage clip that Ali found on her phone
on the tripi channel youtube.com slash
trippy if you want to see it actually
before my first surgery when aloes being
a punk so go to youtube.com slash trippy
for the quickie video I found that I say
that all the time I say that all the
time actually I'm very proud of you the
unit knew that was sort of Simpsons
episode faster you can't okay yeah so if
you're not subscribed to our quickie
channel youtube.com slash trippy make
sure to do that cuz we just uploaded a
lost clip lost footage that's like our
little fun little channel though we do a
little iPhone clips and lost footage
clips specifically of Marley and Zoey
being dicks let's go come on strut your
stuff okay what you do lazy this doesn't
help in your case at all you look
skinnier already well you didn't get her
net she's already look it doesn't take
much for Marley to get skinny what you
do coach come on you're slow
she's literally swimming circles around
you
it's good they can't get my head but I
can't really swim oh yeah you're not
supposed to get your head underwater I
don't think did we make that upper -
they tell you that you can have made
that up well just don't do it yet - yeah
someone it's like her like lava it's
like chocolate you want chocolate
pudding way too many strawberries dogs
poop innovate always makes me laugh just
how they were standing chocolates
officer was ice so ice cream yeah okay
it that she did that earlier she kicked
it and then realized to walk two feet
and I realized she had the poop again
and she looked over me like what was
that like a breakdance just takes it
just takes a second and now she's gone
here's Zoey
good luck she's she's she's just where
the poop is he saved it she knows where
the poop is yes she trusts me right now
lately squeezes she goes down whoa that
wasn't me okay oh there she goes there
it is there it is Marly not getting that
good getting her to stand up is the hard
part kick him kick and Zoey bicycle kick
Liu Kang bicycle kick
oh jeez she really is kicking getting in
a mohawk dress yes your honor
all right I think the whole speed family
should get Mohawks there she goes oh
he's losing her mind
Zoey come on go go go totally an ally
Harry here that's not Marley hair is
fully Ally's dad
oh yeah see I lose hair not Harley's DNA
is right here we can clone her later
so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna get my
app head to my little sister and then I
would use I'm gonna get the mini the
every single time I read at night like
my favorite thing just do it at night is
literally just watch Simpsons lay in bed
with Zoe Marley and Allie and just read
things like cult site or something like
that like basically those news apps
basically find all the cold news stuff
over delay I was telling them about like
I always drop my iPad on my face oh yeah
when you're reading so we're trying to
get a mini and we give my little sister
mine I found your hair I dropped you DNA
get down there your DNA was on the
camera so he's gonna clone me now why
would they do that the world would end I
want to Allie is they'll be pretty
awesome that's so hot to Ali's hot so
we're racing to go see a movie what
movie with her see gravity sandra block
for luck in george clooney series
cloning in soda bottle is this your like
America's Sweetheart like that slow down
they poked my brain the rubber that's my
new excuse for everything yeah excuse me
I believe I ordered the small did you
really just walk into the wall yeah I
really hope that was on camera so we
just saw gravity the Alfonso Cuaron
movie with George Clooney and Sandra
Bullock I gotta go see you in the next
video I think I literally have a
pounding headache right now for how long
during that movie I was like tensed up I
feel physically terrible now don't let
that deter you from seeing it that's the
reason why you go to the movies there's
been a very few who's been a lackluster
amount of movies that where they could
watch it like yeah I'm glad I went to
the theater Washington yeah this movie
definitely have seen a movie dinner so
you should see gravity it's extremely
intense if you already saw it what do
you guys think tell me in the comments
three thumbs up they do your thumbs
thumbs up so yesterday we learned that
Marley eats poop she's cat food she's
cat poop she eats everything but she
want you to banana bananas where you're
Marley draws the line she just won't
cross that line so we got to go to bed
relatively soon because tomorrow we have
to wake over 5:00 a.m. and we got to go
to the doctor's where we find the game
plan of what we're gonna be doing like
like it's chemo or radiation or whatever
it is yeah you haven't been here since
we got this
the best thing I've ever buyers hands
down the best thing I've ever bought in
my entire life you broke it you break it
you buy it for those who can't figure
what it is it's one of those perfect
push-ups they're actually standing on
one of those so we do the cookie dance
do the cookie dance they already guys
what is getting late and tomorrow
tomorrow morning I think I like 5:00
a.m. we have to go to the doctor's
because we're gonna find the whole
course of action what we're gonna do
hopefully it's nothing too crappy like
it's just maybe some pills or something
like that brief radiation or maybe
there's some sort of alternative thing
we're gonna ask about I'm a little
nervous but I think is that this is the
exciting part because it's where how we
figure out how to get rid of everything
and hopefully because they got rid of
98% it's not gonna be too terrible
like I said I'm a little nervous but I'm
very confident I'm not too worried about
going nobody kick this thing and almost
stop it stop it in the ground obviously
I'll be bringing you guys with me so you
guys are coming the whole time
definitely bringing the internet I just
want to say thank you again I'll
probably be saying this a lot during the
next couple weeks but honestly just want
to say thank you again for all the
lovely comments of support it really
does help like anytime I feel down or
read the Twitter Twitter comments or the
video comments and you guys are always
there to like to like pick me back up
like every time I'm just like oh this
sucks I really comment like yeah you
guys are awesome before I go I actually
wanted to show you this cool little
video that our best friend's Jesse and
Jeana from BF versus GF they sent it to
us it's a quick little clip but I just
wanted to say my eyes leaked a little
bit and I just wanted to show you guys
that I want to say thank you to them for
sending it and all of you guys that were
in the audience really was cool
two three so I wanted to say thank you
to them so much for sending that video
the rest of the dope fresh nation for
being so awesome and kind of merging
with the CTFxC you guys are great too
I love all of you guys don't forget to
thumbs up if you're watching this and
you like the video like I said it really
does help the video so the CTFxC grow
then if you're brand new don't forget to
subscribe and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night
love you guys love everyone of you thank
you so much high five
it's the other guard
worse yet sexy
giddy with trippy
with Gianelli don't forget
you
