always learning something about you
Marley want another strawberry did not
know them finally like strawberries with
strawberry and this strawberry so you
want strawberry you hate them
is that good one I know for a fact you I
could eat this okay so you scrubbing
you're such a brat you won't eat this
I'll try banana not a fan of bananas you
deliciousness cereal
you're jealous again ready spin you just
stole that strawberry little dick and
Zoey hate strawberries they know then
again you eat trash you'll eat anything
and cat poop
why are you all satisfied eating all
your berries those are healthy for you
they have antioxidants look at you
staring at me like I have another
strawberry just staring at me
what is that brain thinking right now
slime Irwin the pool looks like a giant
thing at ecto cooler hi-c ecto cooler
please tell me somebody remembers ecto
cooler other good news the stupid Gator
hasn't been around anymore I think he
may have taken the tunnels to another
pond that's good because we didn't want
to get him in trouble get him removed
for some stupid reason the state of
Florida when they capture him they don't
like remove them they kill him
so that's why we never called we're like
really afraid but it was like when it
was getting down to the point of like
our dog safety or the alligator safety
and the alligator was going to always
leave that situation but I felt guilty
so it's actually really good that he
left on his own hey you've got the role
in something this is called it called it
don't what do you do this is why you
each other time little sausage you know
what shirt I just remembered from Warped
Tour I should be wearing right now
there's that cancer t-shirt
they got see if I can find it hey guys
still have it it's got to be in here
somewhere
found it I'm gonna wear it with pride
now there we go what you guys think
all right Zoe that's pretty good shirt
I'm definitely not as tan as I was
during work Torres prefer Marley but had
less women scurry scurry scurry gotta
find your ball though we always lose
your ball found it well we didn't have a
chance to clean it yet we're getting a
redone no we will not put a mural of
Marley at the bottom of the pool yeah we
know you're cute
we know you're cute come on Shay loss
Shay Tober you eating healthy now yeah
exercise that was it that was just one
you got to do more than just one you got
even get your heart rate up we've
already done four rounds dude come on
no break time you were a seal now you're
a walrus don't look at me like that I'm
insulting you tell it is between excuse
me ma'am why don't you clean the pool
hello you have no thumbs
hey Leanne you know the word fuck is not
a word it's actually an acronym for
negation under the consent of the king
so back then you would if you wanted to
have kids you would have to have consent
of the king and he would give you a
plaque and you would hang it on your
door that said when you wanted to have a
baby one more thing the word you want to
know where the word came from plan
that's also an acronym cuz back in the
day everything was transported it you
know manure was huge and everything was
transported by a ship but the water and
the moisture would absorb into the the
crap and then it would just get all like
so you know when water hits poop it was
a methane in ferments it starts breaking
down and methane gets an explosive so be
in this little like Bay and people would
go with our lanterns I convey no
electricity they go with the lanterns
and ships would always explode
I mean they would transport poop it
would they're right store stow high and
train transit on it so is they shit on
it
that's exactly so you learn the acronyms
first and today
don't say they'll you don't learn
something on the internet or a CTFxC
just don't tell your parents if you do
tell your parents show them on Wikipedia
first tell them that it's educational
and he'll get away with it so he just
dunked a whole hat on the water head in
there and Joe don't drink that water
you're gonna get sick and puke
everywhere again what what it's not time
yet young lady's time 30 like yeah look
at the clock instead or 7:30 just gonna
pause technically 29 minutes no I don't
care if you want it now it's not time
now jump it on me I drop it on you oh
whoa whoa whoa whoa I never said that I
would do anything spec you need to watch
your mouth yes lady hammer it out your
big liar you are a liar I never said
that you could have food early
boop-boop-boop-boop look at this is kind
of funny I can call my hair over now
getting so long the Trump is that funny
if you rub your hand right here you can
feel it's kind of hollow yeah I don't
want to do it try I'm good okay it's
really gnarly because I have no feeling
here cuz they cut all the nerves martyrs
in the pounds position just in case I
drop a chip I was just thinking if it
came down to a cheeseburger or me I
think I'd lose do it immediately
I think Zoey would to actually come to
think about I think Ali would too
wouldn't you came down to me and
cheeseburger you choose the cheeseburger
ten zone where the burgers from exactly
I lose to a cheeseburger every time I
don't know why but I've done that I've
done this ever since I was a kid to my
dog's I always found this to be
hilarious Marley's doesn't like to say
if it's a reason
excuse me man why is that pumpkin that
full of candy yet is October 5th that's
week that should be full full of candy
but over seven what's uh what's the
problem here my depth perception in my
Oh
oh my god with the doorbell again Zoey
Lois day you're missing stop it is
always concerned that I can't get my
shirt on she's like I this is oh there
it is
nailed it high five
the simple things guys other hand high
down low too slow my dad used to do that
all the time and I see it's so mad and I
was a little good can you please move
away from the door
Zoe this is super inappropriate use of
the bathroom belt we've already been
over this we told all the internet
yesterday how you abuse this privilege
till we can tell them we tell them Zoe
Soulja Boy tell them I I don't encourage
it it's so cute she is it what is that
monstrosity that's actually a non
monstrosity does Marly like watermelon
I'm sure she loves everything
Marly you're such a good dog a good bad
dog speaking of Zoe Marly something
we've been trying to make for probably
like four years I've been trying to make
stuff Zoe and Marly dolls and up until
just recently it was not possible so
we've been working really closely with
an artist they like do some Zoe and
Marly stuffed animal dolls hopefully by
the end of the year we can do that now
because of our buddy Jenna being able to
do it it's kind of opened up the
floodgates so now that is actually a
company that's willing to do this guy
stuff shouldn't be in the outside goober
to do the inside time to go to sleep all
right guys thank you so much for
watching today's video don't forget to
subscribe and also don't forget to like
this video click thumbs up please please
don't
they hate raspberries don't forget to
click thumbs up it really does help the
CTFxC community grow you guys are
amazing
Anna lets us know if you guys liked the
video so if you're watching this right
now you better click thumbs up these
guys these you watch the whole video
that means you liked it thanks so much
for watching and I'll see you tomorrow
if you do it I'll do this I'm not
letting you do it I will block you with
my strength with stubble block tickle
you ha like
see what you did
it's
Hey where's the exe y'all
giddy with child trippy now
yes with just ripping Harry don't forget
to a Marley
you
