I can actually own the pool today yay
progress how come we're always losing
things dude I dare say you losing your
stuff no you lost it this one wants
nothing to do with the pool for some
reasons only one day just woke up was
like I don't like swimming now what's
going on over here
oh hi practice you're hanging out with
Daddy while he's did you guys know the
Sun figure out the song I was trying not
to butcher it you're being really loud I
don't think she knows how loud he's
being give that thumbs in oh you want to
get a shot char okay here people
so how he's yelling Marley want to get a
shot look at these dogs those babies are
you apologizing to everybody for how big
of a bitch you were being yesterday you
rolled in poop you ate the garbage
they genuine like my I play the bass
yeah they do they both come over every
single time he starts playing they both
come and sit with that and they listen
hi Zoey
do you know what today is the day we got
engaged
yeah four years ago we got engaged wait
four years ago nine tell'em 1213 four
years ago we got in get in 2009 four
years ago when were engaged
having a bow how did I know that I think
the Internet no I knew but I didn't know
it was four years ago Internet if you
haven't seen the marriage proposal video
Google surprise marriage proposal in
Spain or through the tapas description I
get new hard drive to know the hard
drive fails which is get hard hard my
drive couldn't get hard it wouldn't
stops me what do you find the tiniest
frog I've ever seen that is the Chinese
frog I've ever seen so cute careful
Maui's wife yeah so tiny
come on let's go outside it's super
duper duper tiny this is my nail that's
the Frog where'd you find him
oh gosh dude I'm sure sleeping where I
found him
maybe we're getting the ball rolling on
fixing this pool we got to get matching
tiles long-awaited right so a new pool
we get a new pool the swimming pool for
Marley got some samples what are you
doing which one do you like more like
why are you right in the way they can't
they can make a decision do you like the
left the center or the right one
Internet tell me in the comments
Zoe you like the left one she's licking
the water off and as I'm living of
course she is so we got to go to the
store because somebody broke their
camera
I'm sorry somebody broke out his camera
masteren who that was
that was me least it wasn't a computer
even we're not even a computer's a
camera are you serious how many cameras
have you broken it adds up to more than
it costs to fix your computer no it
doesn't
no it doesn't you know you've broken at
least a thousand dollars on the terrace
I don't know how many cameras have I
broken like 12 I think really less than
I think we were to think I've only
broken two cameras right wink do the
awkward is that making everyone feel
uncomfortable right now
so I just ran out of toothpaste so I ran
to Target to grab toothpaste but also I
totally secretly dragged Charl terrific
in the Halloween stuff I think he knows
that yet though you know what's down
here hard more Halloween crap
what makes you think that because just
me all sneaky about it I am NOT being
sneaky
I smell do you see what the end of the
aisle pass while hauling stuff Christmas
stuff Christmas I came over here getting
all excited about Halloween stuff let's
take a look at all of this what the hell
why is there already Christmas stuff out
just cuff you do a little sticker here I
do a little surgery for how many people
is this like their worst nightmare do
like a crazy laughs loud you're so bad
oh no that's not a crazy laugh you know
it's creepy as if I just go like this
let's hear your little maniacal laugh
hahahaha alright that's pretty good hey
you want to play back off I'm going to
punch you got your decorations yep I
really don't wanna break its head off my
own trailer find a way to carry it I got
this one
oh this is not gonna end well don't
worry I'll just keep filming this in
case it does anybody awesomely alright
so we're doing a little brain surgeries
for my hard drive now got the brain this
was apparently dead though he's seizing
well we got away from brain turn back on
don't grow bail this is why I like this
thing is because if one drive fails I
don't lose everything because I have all
these other all those other green lights
or other hard drives the reason why I
need to see this guy literally have
every single raw file every vlog that
we've ever done for the past four years
just in case I want the raw files I have
ever exported file to so by office I
will lose the whole vlog Marlo I'll give
you 15 cookies if you stop moving around
just just chill for a couple minutes
you're just like me always spaz now
there's why we get along cuz rule of
spazzes tough eval she's like the noise
this all started from a bet between him
and Danny was the stipulations it wasn't
much I said if the Rays make the
playoffs I'm getting a mohawk and the
Rays are in the playoffs right now so
someone's getting a mohawk
how you feeling yeah your hair grows
back so bad now don't do a stupid yes
that's not why would you even do a
mohawk it's gonna be this long of hair
and then this long of it that's stupid
just long in this one remember that that
he has customers he's gonna wear a hat
he's got a nice little raised hat now
that they're in playoffs you gotta do it
dude you have to do it alright whatever
yeah this is awesome
coke on your neck you're a little too
bad eh
never too old to get a mohawk work it
literally won't cut with this card on I
have to just do it there's no way she
just chopping up a bit to do you know
I'm trying to do this but it's listen it
doesn't even it's I'm working like it's
not even doing it boy here we got
anything trying oh good right you just
like shave is it wait you don't give up
like a sideburn guys I don't you know
what you're doing
yes it's doing it oh okay good now
actually should go we should have known
that um check I think are your next no
look at out vault like voluminous hair
is voluminous that word of the day Lords
done now she's done for hair like this
yeah I was named Jess we should give him
the denim right how it just sounds like
that thick like yeah that's pretty much
what it is
not not yet well we get omega happen
like I was thinking like right over is
like the middle as eyebrows like that
yeah that's about three inches yeah I
used to work out all the time until my I
gotta cut my hair so you keep going
ahead you won't have much hair left yeah
I read about that do it guys Dennis
Lorenz lose their mind if I saw you on
the street I probably cross the street
oh I'm good that's gonna fix a little
love in the back those OE it's just a
reflection dude forever ruined right
good-o everyone in the comments give it
up for dentist for being total bad
Dennis the badass the comments secret
phrase for tonight
ballsy oh boy you Zoey 1 1 we're down
the center
this is snowing in there what are you
doing cleaning take a night anyway
before we go to bed I just want to say
thank you guys so so much for all the
amazing lovely tweets and comments and
reading those all day you guys are
amazing amazing people and from the
bottom of my heart it means so much so
much the CL support of you guys are I
know how crazy supportive you guys are
already but it was just amazing to get
to read all that stuff I just want to
say thank you guys so much I know
there's gonna be over kind of a rough
annoying road but it's like one of those
things where you can't appreciate good
things in life
without the crappy stuff you don't I
mean if you're brand-new don't forget to
subscribe and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always hope you guys enjoyed
the video I have a great night bye guys
see what he did
it's coming over Yardley waiter
we're CBI sexy
he withdraws trippy
yes with chakra ple
you
you
