hi good morning are you sunning oh yes
show off your belly show off your belly
to the interwebs you're so ridiculous
she's a happy puppy out sunning by her
pool Meyer go swimming what what did you
say here's a little trick I learned with
it when I was little we can't find
something like a ball or like say like
I'm something tiny get level with the
ground that was kind of funny show up I
see a lot of dog hair that's about it
let's go go wrong way balls that way oh
there we go
you really surprised me just find out
the brand new ball thinks he likes that
ball cuz she actually closed her mouth
as she doesn't choke on the water good
girl
bring it back okay
so you should going that to do some
little swimming come on move good girl
drop it make a couple laps where you
clean now you done swimming technically
Marla you're doing shayloss - or chew it
for shake over you do is shave loss is
your butt itch you love getting clean
it's like a massage for you three bath
time are you're the only dog in the
water wags or terraces bath so you used
to play this to the kids yeah a lot
different than this just imagine if you
like we get one Beezus get this all you
would hear constant us no I'd rather
have drums just poop all over now back
of her neck look at you suck sometimes
do ticket don't come near me
you get on both sides of it that's so
gross violation smell like assholes
yo God you smells so terrible I'm so
angry at you right now
you like the fact that you did that doe
you look who I found
laying there in Florida and we are going
to get some late lunch I guess you could
say at the marina
check out this ride the dot I've just
spotted from afar it's pretty hard to
miss damn look at those rooms dot you
don't even have to we got lunch right
here for you
little for me I don't know you just look
like you need a sandwich right now I bet
you're but I want to see your hand there
we go
oh you got a shoe you would a shoe
she's like no I'm busy
follow camera-shy oh that's you could
you shoot can't you yeah
all right here you go this is a gift
from the Gallagher's give some girl just
some the guy like a kind of bread hell
yeah yeah that says especially for you
and that you would love it this is funny
what is this love those underwater dog
foetus yeah Toby should definitely be in
that's right big thank you to the
Gallagher's for that awesome like cheer
up gift just really alright it's really
great look that's amazing that's a
genius idea for a photo book oh that's
so cute diving rings that would be great
for Kobe hmm yes
I'll be taking one of those here we go
I love that my favorite part about
Halloween Oh God actually I was talking
about that with Hannah and dot today I'm
pretty sure Halloween is my favorite
holiday weight for sure it's one of my
favorite so our mommies Fridays it was
the best thing to smell the whole house
like awesomeness look at all the
Halloween stuff but none would be Travis
judge it a little by way of the new
wieners various Wiener sizes synthesize
the Wiener it's delicious pail wieners
red wieners white wieners got winners
everywhere gold wieners Marley oh here
mama
that's not sure hey that's so bad that's
bad
ah hey guys so we got some news we
wanted to share or share with you we got
some news um so I guess I mean I've sort
of captain this conversation just
because I'm sure it's not something that
Charles wants to like talk about a lot
and he's still seven some talk talking
issues he's doing much better that walks
at a rate we're gonna get him back in
some therapy in a little bit so we're
just gonna make this short and sweet
first and foremost don't panic it's
gonna be fine we got his pathology
reports back from the people that we
were you know kind of talking to sectors
all that all the people died up seeing
his tumor and slicing it up into little
pieces and doing all kinds of crazy shit
to it so the results of his pathology
are as follows
he had a grade two oligodendroglioma
before and now what he has is a grade
three oligodendroglioma or an anaplastic
oligodendroglioma which means that it is
a unfortunately malignant brain tumor
you can call it what you want it is
classified as a type of brain cancer but
we are not going to use that word in our
house or in our videos probably ever
because that word sounds terrifying and
it does not I think the word is
metastasize whatever I probably am NOT
saying that correctly but it doesn't
spread anywhere else in his body
which is a good thing um it just stays
one of life's little balls yeah so
that's the positive in the situation
right it doesn't like melts somewhere
else it's not gonna go to any other part
of his body so we don't have to worry
about that it is scary
we are both scared but we are also both
very hopeful
that things are going to turn out for
the best because he has some very very
good people on his team and we are going
to start seeing a neuro-oncologist a
specialist who is actually very familiar
with this type of tool because our
zapping it yeah there will we that we
don't know exactly like that is that
most likely he will be put on a cycle of
chemotherapy um probably Temodar I think
it's called like he'll um we're not
we're not a hundred percent sure of
anything really yet but Marley is
drinking water that's what we're sure
she's active make you out of water this
is what she does she kicks the bowl when
she's out of water so we're gonna try to
keep you guys updated the best that we
can as he starts going through treatment
whatever that may be and we'll give you
guys as much information as possible you
know we want to be honest with you and
say open with you this whole thing has
been like a really really eye-opening
and incredible experience for us and we
hope as well as for you guys um it's
been very cool to read all of your
responses and all of your well wishes
like one of the main things it's like we
were talking about is like we didn't
know what we wanted to do as as far as
the videos cuz it's such a like a big
thing yeah but then we got the thinking
it's like I mean I don't know why I have
what I have I don't know where it came
from but like one of the major things is
like reading the comments and all that
stuff from you guys and it just makes
everything better cheers me up when I
start getting kind of down there are a
lot of people going through similar
situations and we want to be that
support system for you guys because you
guys are so supportive for us yeah and
it means a lot it really does and so we
want to make sure that we're honest with
you guys and we want to keep doing this
I want to keep making these videos
because it's one of those things that
really makes me happy you guys really
make me happy doing these patil and life
is too precious to do anything but what
makes me happy exactly we love you guys
very much and honestly we're gonna we're
gonna whip its ass we already have I'm
not I'm not seeing things I know I'm not
there is no other option other than
cancer that's right that's the only
option that there is we're going to kick
its ass and you guys are going to be
right there with us and we're gonna get
it done that's what we're gonna do so I
just want to say thank you all you guys
yeah amazing people think it really
really should truly appreciate all the
love and support it tear a tear up every
single night I read your comment your
comments okay okay so before we both
start crying and before all of you guys
start crying we're gonna go but you know
again we don't want this news to be like
shocking or like horrible like please
don't panic please don't freak out we're
not freaking out so you guys shouldn't
freak out you know we're trying to you
know kind of dictate to everybody how
this is going to go we're you know
having to tell all of our family and all
of our friends which is difficult as
well but we've got a great support
system like Charles was saying of you
guys and of our families and front
office's are amazing and the doctors are
on medical teams are amazing now today
is truly amazing all right guys well if
you guys are brand new to these videos
don't forget to subscribe and as always
we'll see you tomorrow have a great
night and thank you so much for the love
of the support see you guys tomorrow
morning I love you guys
thank you again that's a good one
on YouTube
hardly wait
where's easy at sexy
giddy with y'all trippin
where's EDX
with Griffin Ali don't forget to eat
more
you
