to see what the girls are doing Blake's
awful guess I'm sunbathing getting some
stung somebody looks comfy where you
going mama that wake your slumber
girlfriend
we haven't seen squirrel friend in a
long time Zuri look out Miley found him
hey school friend hey buddy
now Zoe sees them yeah no he hasn't come
out to mess with you guys in a long time
he's goofing with you again dude he's
just like freaking squirrel you were
that the lizard now Zoe but school
friend go I want to go in that pool so
bad I think I can you have two balls two
balls so Thursday we get the pathology
stuff right
master the Boston I did it
what are you looking for the perfect toy
I must find the perfect toy I don't know
what it is yet I must find it look for
that perfect toys oh look at our girls
Zoey wanted to be back home
are you the Batgirl Wow she had to be a
good pillow need a head pillow she's too
snobby busy to sabe
she will not look at the camera she
talked to her agent where are you taking
me what do you want why do you want me
to follow you wherever fuck where we
going you're doing the outside thing
again so today we go get this kind of
fix it's actually kind of pretty in a
weird sad way I wish I'd the healing
powers you know I completely fix it do
you guys remember this is not my fault
you got a market so it's all a li for
once I didn't break something am I
breaking more by doing this to feel like
if I keep doing it's gonna fix itself
nope you see where the iPhone hit though
directly serrata way to go but get my
computer broke but
take it take two we're going to go get
my broken computer fixed right now and
then we're gonna go get Ali a new one
because hers is super old we're getting
the anyone yeah cuz you're super old it
was like five years surprise this is
like five years old Wow
says Ali's been doing all the editing I
figured the other ones like so old
otherwise the blogs would be late if we
can see is that all what all the time so
I figured we should get a faster one so
that way you guys get the vlogs on time
that'd be good right
well now that we're home it's going to
be easier to buy we have fast internet
how are you going to remember our damp
Wi-Fi password hey so remember I know
how to count
ugly dish 50 bucks out here right now
fifty-five freaking me out parts are
freaking out deca the Bears don't like I
just don't want them to get hit you
don't like birds
you're prejudiced against arts there's
the join the updraft grade it's like
that bridge in Boston fast bridge Boston
package khakis stockier khakis that's
like khakis
it didn't bring the laptop
I forgot the laptop oh they poked my
brain Oh Mike I asked Charles I was like
well don't worry about getting my date
we'll just repair yours and I was like
just in my head for one second I was
like no way but I'll ask him how did you
bring a laptop he goes no I didn't and
I'm like I've sat there for nails I got
some money like Geoffrey I forgot the
computers the reason do you forgot the
reason why we're going up here I sucked
I officially suck ever they poked my
brain I cannot believe I did this
it's okay now we're just going to invite
about traffic whoo that's what I really
wanted to do I secretly it was just
really thirsty I want to get some food
we'd have time earlier that's what I did
told it was not a Homer Simpson moment
Doh doh-doh doh-doh so I got some stuff
to make it up to you yeah yeah booth
Matt time would you marry me get you
some iced tea
yeah I got you this one cheese danish
and then I got you then I got you one of
these things I don't want the Hector
sister Ferrero thank you but it looks
like a plane over I can do I know it's
kind of like that kindergarten my super
Homer moment dope by the way Internet I
wanted to ask you
apparently there's news that Simpsons
are gonna be killing off another
character I wanted to ask you guys in
comments who do you think it's gonna be
my guess is sideshow about Sideshow Bob
I didn't kill him he's like the
long-standing villain like what do they
have to run around at nothing I feel
like he's old enough they and he's old
enough to kill off that people would
care about but also be interested in aa
Presti you think I don't think Krusty
and that so many close calls at some
point internet in the comments who do
you think the Simpsons are gonna be
killing off this year I think Sideshow
Bob is if you think Sideshow Bob
somebody right Sideshow Bob and thumb it
up think they kill up Bart
it's a final season they can do anything
they want
what do you think you think Meg lizard
Road so that'd be so funny mr. burns
shoots Maggie I Neffe I got a enunciate
house house my talking guys is a little
bit better
she sells seashells by the seashore by
the way I'm not exaggerating that was
one of the test they asked me after
surgery they also said how now brown cow
literally after brain surgery they ask
you those through those tongue twisters
sane sane no ifs ands or buts I wanted
to be like you say it now you didn't
have brain surgeon see if you can do it
most people can't do it normally yay
times come on yeah no problem
happy be here hey guys I I've seen you
guys before you were white yeah amazing
brave man amazing that you're sharing it
was so
evylyn semi complete strangers yeah I
figured that that's like because there's
like you know no matter what I'm going
through there's somebody else that's
unfortunately going through some a lot
worse I just wanna I wanted to show that
everyone's kind of going through some
crappy times she says that's pretty much
why we're sharing it did some interview
sir yep we're doing an interview with
right this minute right this man has
regretted I remember the computer the
same ending on my underwear and follow
me on Twitter I said I forgot my
underwear I have a computer I both now
such as fast so we're gonna get Ally her
birthday present for her old lady
birthday present why is it old ladies
you're not 25 almost I just turned 21
whore almost 2000 being rubles 25 old
lady
I'm not almost funny but I just turned
24 2 months ago
barely two months ago we gonna get you
your birthday present such a day not
after you can see where they present
know when you get you all right change
it you'll be singing a different tune oh
I see you left ear
oh really years are all red now I know
cuz I was trying to force that other one
in there got a lawyer doesn't sound nice
little husband I have even though I
smashed his computer and he has to pay
to get it fixed he's buying me a new
laptop I'm so nice to care me my
stubborn as well yeah but I mean that
doesn't that's I don't need a fee for
doing that I promised to do that when I
married your you don't want one that
protect it I'll trade you some food for
it you excited
we just transferred 200 gigabytes of
data ODS bad thing in ten minutes in ten
minutes every time I'm in an empty mall
I always think of that video game Dead
Rising or every zombie movie ever made
you want to show off your new birthday
present huh gonna put them on your stop
by this ahead of them so that your butt
smells of Cobian Tyson Ali's been
wanting these for as long as I can
remember so figured it out would be good
time since you wouldn't so awesome yeah
she goes they take the box she only
takes it from Dennis specially gift so I
found it this was for my mom my dad I
thought it was pretty hilarious I want
to show you guys yeah I got a lucky I
got a lucky horseshoe we should hang it
over the bed and then it falls on my
head no that wouldn't happen that's not
me supposed to put it on somewhere else
I wanted to play horseshoes
see what he did
it's coming over Yardley wait
let's kill
hey where's ez at sexy
which all trippy
West with trippy an alley don't forget
to eat
you
you
