so our way to get the stupid samples out
on my stupid head and then we're flying
back in Florida excited that was creepy
I wanted ten scale that was bright a
tonic leave the scale that was one of my
creepier faces I think you waited Susan
Marley I'm so excited to see the girls
oh babe you got freaked out a little run
tour for two months and then we're gone
in Boston but you're gonna flip a little
puppy heart attacks
now we'll wait I feel like after all
this I should take all the pins this -
trains pay for all that I feel like when
friends pay for all these pins his arm
all mine that was the chair I swear that
was me you know all right say goodbye
adios yeah that's our accountant it's
quite a bit of work for you
iodine okay number one didn't feel that
one you're making a face like you did
did it hurt
are you just freaking out it's a weird
feeling what does it feel like like he's
slightly cutting my skin slightly
cutting like if stable is coming out of
myself
oh cool device it just like bends it
right in the middle
Wow we should sound in the middle oh
that's rad great intervention oh I'm
sorry
you okay yeah I'm fine babe don't want
to go and we can't work after brain
surgery this is nothing right I kind of
vaguely remember like talking to you
guys uh-huh did you guys literally wash
my brain or my skull like spray under
the water at one point I did put a lot
of hydrogen peroxide and stuff in there
I got a brain squeegee yeah nobody has
brainwashing me oh you're funny rocking
and rolling all right
you're four thank you you've dealt with
enough and I think we're good for a
while no more of this okay can we agree
on that wash my hands this how do you
feel great
awesome so really good once these are
gone and I'm on an airplane for five
more it's a lot of stuff do some topical
scabs yeah now we got finer game I don't
know
thirty-six you said the garcy never a
1313 uh don't don't don't don't don't
don't don't don't don't don't done it
you always seem the one cuz you take an
extra step can you hold this on the way
to Atlanta for a little tiny layover and
what color is a giant plane that's our
tiny playing
like
and I am
and somehow prices how about his hands
and resolutions and take that back now
like that first place
this is the coolest thing ever so I
can't drive a car but I can fly a plane
you look great
nice there's too many switches this is
too crazy so backwards it goes out yeah
he's professional video games a year
expert can't drive so I'll fly a plane
now do it there you go
what are you doing up there you have
nothing up there focus Oh gotcha
a lot of gauges a lot of stuff
don't smile which one of these puts it
goes forward you got let me point you in
the right direction the pedals are Jess
are they riders right that's weird
I wonder if it is it confusing to drive
a car after you fly a plane dangerous on
the road oh yeah but not safe is wrong
why is it not safe
no crazy guys out there all right yes
how long have you waited to do this
successful landing the plane that's
right I genuinely wanted to do that ever
since we were little I've just been too
afraid to ask here's a little lesson
don't be afraid to ask it never heard
the whistling somebody could say snow
that's right the best things that we
could say is Jennifer in the cockpit
that's pretty cool I think when I was
really really young when my dad used to
work for Delta one time when I was
flying with my family they gave me the
little wing and let me sit in the
cockpit it was so cool I remember I got
some wings and I got some for Danny
he had a bad day we had a bad day and I
went asked for him looking for Ted's
work
Teddy Boy don't worry your buddy in the
morning is at the top at night I don't
know where he is he's probably always
hiding there he is
sup Ted hello lobster I can't remember
your name
do you guys remember the lobsters name I
think Travis named them but I can't
remember what it is there we go Joey
that's it hi girls
try to pick one up no no all right
they're all right there so it's midnight
which means it's October first which
means sexy man for the whole month of
October people get to walk in our house
and see this and have no idea what
that's here he's always whimpering all
over the house she's been running around
crying Jordan what what are you doing
what are you doing do this all your
stuff
the first thing you're going for it
seriously
hey gotta get some therapy that's right
get it going Oh mothers already ready to
watch yeah I'm here is my station oh it
feels good to be home
low five high five good go she's getting
food don't worry I'm hanging out don't
worry I'm not going anywhere
in fact I'm unpacking everything which
is the fun part
playing some pinball get some practice
you just making sure I don't leave food
when you want to swim in huh go gotta
give you less of a sausage Marley are
you sausage who's swimming tomorrow was
tomorrow we got to work on that belly
hey that's our blanket dude are you
stealing stuff you've been home for five
minutes you're taking everything the
Ghost Dog weirdo ways you know you've
been gone too long when you try to log
in your own home Wi-Fi network you don't
remember the password you keep trying to
type in the hotel Wi-Fi
I don't remember my Wi-Fi well what is
it
where's the psst
giddy with y'all trippin
it would be an ally don't forget go
anymore
