I left those out for you because I knew
you'd eat them you look like a
psychopath what's wrong with you hey did
you just wake up hmm
what time is it all right three an
afternoon we decided to let you sleep a
lot of people were saying sometimes our
videos don't show up in the subscription
box so I have a little trick I want to
show you guys go to youtube.com/scishow
and subscribe button between the numbers
there's like this little sprocket or
gear click that and then make sure both
of these are checked and then click Save
and that will email you when we upload a
new video and obviously it'll show up in
the subscription feed I just actually
found out about today this actually
might be old but I just wanted to make
sure everyone knew it and that we can
make sure you happen to see any videos I
like little tricks like that so we're
back on Boylston trying to find some
food trav find out the lowdown that we
want to go to the Boston Boston burger
company that's actually that's what the
Mac yeah so we have the CTFxC message on
on the app that I found the gold iPhone
from yesterday trav left out of all the
the new iPhones that are in there I
picked the one I always can show me how
to do it
I picked the exact one that they did
without her so there are none to me
there are two there are two messages on
that same phone if you want to look for
it
you've always say their race everyday
they were still there spice is called
whiskeys
and that's my jam sir Jam whiskey we
diverted to the poorhouse let's kind of
go for some more trickiness turkey tips
you nervous I'm saying turkey necks well
thanks Turk Turk in it just the tip just
a kiss just a tip of my octave going
going going gone
Oh chicken Travis really loves ice I
just want to make sure he has everything
dropping it's like a meal and when you
don't get enough ice to drink get back
in there Oh
so yesterday I bought a t-shirt and the
lady left a little ink thing on it so
now I have to go try to take it back
otherwise it's gonna explode everywhere
house yet the ink thing yeah where is it
right yeah try to rip it off Italia four
five eight Ferrari let's just take a
moment
oh sure steals and Wi-Fi is this
stealing Wi-Fi if it's a public network
I don't think it's technically stealing
rats like sitting outside of the door no
stealing we'll give me a five s give me
back my Wi-Fi where's Danny now Wi-Fi
Wi-Fi thieves haven't bothered that
glass icon it I would love to scream in
a big city just like look on Twitter for
some random guys screaming in the
streets this is what we do guys this is
what you have to do when you have a vlog
dedication the consecutive is what you
have to do when you have a Guinness
record you have to make sure you can't
like miss a vog on a whole clock cover
and chick chick Johnny Gosch pitch comes
next day charlie go crazy know how it
goes face
my gosh
good football bit I just found the
coolest thing I've ever seen in my life
phone charging station amazing awesome
don't you have to pay money and I'm like
f that I'll just find a plug that should
be everywhere everywhere in the world to
happiness so tomorrow I got to get my
staples removed and I get to talk to my
surgeon for the first time since the
surgery so I'm practicing make sure
everything's good
big off but I think other people songs I
don't want to sound like this sing it
faster yeah it's just really weird
maybe my things like yourself song
you're drunk Gally go home I like Boston
we go home Monday go home Monday today
for you guys tomorrow friends we're on a
plane right now got to do got to do with
it
wasted why did I do
they bring out a lighter I was in the
girl part your computer's got a big
boo-boo
greatness not so much here that's so
much here but this general area right
here alley broken I threw my phone
against the wall and then bounced off
the wall
this pad whoa bounced off that and hit
that so this is Ali looks kind of pretty
good real good like this that's got a
pretty though it's like a heart no no no
see this is why we can't have nice
things
this is also why we have warranties on
everything but what's in my life I
didn't break something mark it somebody
whose tape keeping track this is not I
didn't break this one oh geez
all right guys well time to go to bed
tomorrow morning we're getting these
removed so I finally get all 56 or 57 of
these staples removed on my head
and then we get on an airplane and go
home and so we should be home tomorrow
night which is nice I get to see Zoey
Marley and actually be in my house I
haven't been home in like two weeks
because we've literally been living in
Boston for two weeks which is awesome
because Boston is a pretty freakin
awesome City so see you guys tomorrow
have a great night love you guys hope
you enjoyed the video we're going home
CJ Lexie is going home for so we're
gonna go see Zoey Marley burger
see what you did
it's hardly wait
hey where's the theater
giddy withdraw stripping
we're sweet
with with chakra finale
you
