there's a little bit of history for you
guys
we're wandering around the area we've
gone to that Celeste shipyard which is
cool which one's the Canadian ship
whereas they can't see that one right
there the USS Constitution right there
so many lines to be tied down every
insane fish out in the middle of the
ocean you don't stir spell in the water
there by as big as your head I can't
even imagine what they look like I would
not want to be in a grass bunker I would
still get pretty crazy
in the Navy do to do to do to do in the
Navy
doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo did it
the thing is 3100 it's crushing
everything round try to pick up it's so
weird when you see something that small
like that mentally like does not go into
my head like I can't leave that that's
such a small looking thing like I should
be looking better who did his baby
cannon a little baby cannon so I had an
extra cookie so I fed a marine and
danced with him they were like really
nice guys and we filmed obviously go go
go go go go go go go go go
you're like one of those dogs when
they're training and the dog shows and
the dog show the dogs that are training
in the dog show
I can't do it good Boston accent I suck
at it
look I'm as good as a car and we're good
he's pretty heavy huh I'm just
pretending it's not that heavy at all I
could lift this whole thing anchor if I
wanted that you could just don't watch
it right now
come on eat the rest of that this
state's better than mine
food Envy you got a big cookie though
I'm just the back oh yeah just have
another conversation with he does the
best
that's my job
I'm you look
soon enough given the approval that
coffee I'll be maker this is the second
day in a row that the Apple store is
like my work from my workplace my
workshop I can get used to that for you
tonight it's pretty really fast internet
it's right by us so I couldn't tell you
guys before because Charles is a super
genius on the whole interweb and social
media networking but I decided to fly
from Los Angeles to Boston without
Charles knowing while working
secretively with Allie to make sure that
I got to all the right spots but he's
right now he's at an Apple Store I guess
across the way I've already infiltrated
their room I'm in their room but this is
gonna be exciting I wanted to tell you
guys on Twitter but I couldn't because I
know he would see it and it's very very
difficult very difficult to try to trick
Charles because he's always on top of
his game so I figured why not try to
trick I'm always kind of loopy in the
head from all the medicine I know it's
kind of dumb but see all the way you can
get them there's a funny thing like one
way or whatever and I have a story I
love going through the photo streams of
like the photos that people have to take
in in the store because like for
whatever reason no one feels compelled
to like take actual like real photos
like of actual noodles to test out the
camera
right
every single one is like of the ground
oh so I'm in the car right now on the
way to the Apple store
apparently Charles is trying to leave
the store which is no bueno
so she's trying to stall as much as she
can
Charles
right now
you
No
good fuck is that I don't know turn
around I'm shaking oh my god we were so
excited I was like I'm sitting here like
I'm trying to tell Travis where we are
I'm like oh my god I'm stalling I don't
want him to like find out just fuckin
I'm surprised you're impossible to
surprise that was pretty good oh my god
I'm literally shaking I was like
shopping it guys this is just like being
on tour again we're at an H&M decide to
throw away a bunch of stuff because they
all smell like cost like hospitals all
that crap so I went and bought some
shirts nice job try was getting some
shirts - alright that's a good look for
you buddy Thanks I can't tell what oh
that's nice about like matches your hair
a little bit oh yeah here we go one of
these boys doing
Madden hey totally taken advantage
Charles he's Cola Green Bay Packers
you're gonna be the colt it was gonna be
the coal but I've stuck as the other 13
seconds big play Oh fun fact if you guys
know Travis singing the national anthem
at a Pats game one time when was that
couple years ago not last season or not
these out last season but the season
before doesn't look right it was
literally just before so three seasons
ago
so at the request of the internet we
were shaving my beard halfway so I give
you two faiths Wearside we're gonna do
it everyone has said do the opposite but
I think do the same so like one way
you're a full hair and the other way
you're no hair what's the line up the
line up pictures guy just note the perb
guys i go rob a bank out like piss
yellow lighting right now already go for
it
eyebrow oh thing I've ever done
we do have a promo shot that we need
right I'm literally gonna be two-faced
now okay hold still this is half big in
the nose and it is don't smile let me
get this foot could you have it like in
the corners of your mouth how does that
even happen yes that's how we there
you gotta get a picture of your chest oh
my god it's like legit
I'll get your chest we didn't that look
like holy alright guys well it's fun
time to go to bed watch some Simpsons
and then pass out I just have to say
Travis and Ally are sneaky little people
that was pretty good surprised I had no
idea so what I got tricked my left hand
is about to drop this computer cuz you
have this place good catch Wow good
catch it that I told you my left hand so
it was close of the beard hair pubes
everywhere face pubes all right love you
guys have a great night bye
I had no computer and I got weather
sensor they count with me
he said we'd never do this again because
it was so gross the first time we did it
do it
yes
with y'all trippin
with just repeatedly
anymore
