two days a good day pack up my stuff
right now by now it's been forever can't
figure out where to go I don't believe
that anybody feels the way I do about
you now Ali about you now make sure to
sanitize your hands out so we're leaving
this morning I'm just packing everything
up
can't find everything packing up packing
up packing up packing up to a bad top
you good that this is my my GIMP dance
and yet dance I get this is how I
normally this
all right champion come back up hell out
not hospital food for a first time River
deer frozen food lord thank you for
blessing us with this delicious and
creepy frozen meal amen I love this this
is like one of my feet this is what I
ate this is my ramen in college this is
what I ate every single day fancy smancy
everyone else at the deal with five cent
ramen it's pretty fancy well yeah that's
why I was broke see what I got in here I
think I got a hot pocket
irena parking I'm gonna go to the Apple
Store to upload the video cuz internet
gets pretty slow all right slow
Disneyland we got to cut this crap off
my arms out come oh my gosh I'm a free
man what is all over your face you look
like Dave Chappelle's cook like crack
cocaine it's all Altoid crap you have
like white powder all over your face
best I got that's gangsta I am free I
feel like those are literally handcuffs
there's our crazy
it totally does look like it although
this is lit up way cooler than this yeah
and the colors change I'll totally hear
because the internet telephone we need
to upload vlog oh my god you guys I'm
bumming out right now because I just
ordered my iPhone I ordered the black
one instead of the gold one I thought
about the gold one it looks so gaudy
online and now that I see it in person
it is beautiful I totally wanted it was
someone's gonna steal it so we just left
a nice little message on voice memos on
the gold iPhone right here in the boil
stone iPhone iPhone display lost an
iPhone district aka the Apple Store so
you guys guys try to find it if it's
still here
if not
there's a brat you literally the biggest
brat in the world
I went white I think the white looks a
lot cooler
that's pretty cool I think I look way
better honestly I think this is my
favorite one
just as a white white I like the colors
I'm actually gonna attempted hey I heard
that this is the one that sold out the
quickest his Charleston slow-mo debut
which one is easier from us I kind of
like the white the yellow is actually
nice do you think it really subtle you
practice your balance wait for the car
go dinner itself like this my balance do
your hands at the same time
nice job it's ridiculous I remember like
thinking I was okay that first time they
tested me they're like go on your right
flight and I felt right and they were
like oh you're right left foot I just
like fell over I didn't I think we're
balanced was that messed up it was
really goofed up the little house pretty
much I have no hand cream and a free man
since I've been sick and then the
hospital out has been killing with all
the editing and annotations of all the
vlogs so let's give it off to Ally in
the comments tell her she's doing like a
killer job because I just tried to do
annotations I spent like 50 minutes just
trying to do it this would the
medication and just my patience it's
just out the door I just wanna throw my
computer across the screen I wanna throw
my computer across the screen guys see
that makes a lot of sense right that's
right that's where my brain is that
right now sorry I just wanted to say for
everyone to tell Ally she's killing it
with the editing and keeping up with
uploading otherwise we may have missed a
day so that's very important that she's
doing such a good job so make sure to
let her know that even if the vlogs are
short we're still doing him because
she's keeping up with it otherwise like
I just get so frustrated after we got to
get his world record we definitely don't
want to miss a day now that we that was
so frustrating because we worked what
five years straight 1611 days it stays
1611 what's to say down there this is so
crazy literally what would take me 30
seconds it's taken me five and a half
minutes I have to keep staring this I
hate this medicine things I've learned
while medications that Charles cannot
spell on an iPhone
Charles Fran spell regular regularly on
an iPhone little only he's on medicine
feels so good to be out of the hospital
right now I was so excited right now
honestly just want to say thank you to
all you guys for all the support this
past few weeks living up here in Boston
it's been a it's been a rough two weeks
and I just have to say like every night
when I would go to bed I would read all
the comments and all that replies
on Twitter and on our Facebook you guys
were the coolest people in the world and
I wish you could hug every single one of
you guys I get like choked up every
single night reading all the comments
like I'll be reading them and then all
of a sudden I just get like I start
crying or tearing man tears of course I
was so happy I get to do this for a
living and interact people like you
because it's the coolest thing in the
world and like I just want to say thank
you guys so much I know I always had
these a little heart-to-heart sort of
like dramatic times but like this is
like this is a hard court I'm very
worried about the fact that I had to get
to another surgery with the other worst
part was the ropes like kind of
paralyzed it was the scariest moment of
my life because I'm such an active
person it was terrifying and in a moment
like that to be over have you guys
supporting I'm with my lovely wife Ali's
been like month she's a badass this
entire time
without her support this was been pretty
rough to family to my mom my dad I had
the best mother-in-law in the world
Lauren she's like the greatest you know
like he's always with stereotypes like
your mother-in-law it's like Oh your
mother-in-law you always like kind of
big don't get along but honestly my
mother-in-law Lauren how does it feel to
be not possible right now it was pretty
awesome it's right again now you gotta
go I got the Internet's nose again
that's just rude inter knows I love you
guys that's a way a little bit of I have
to poop that one out
can't just give that one back did I
Jesus Oh a whole a whole medicine I did
you told me to so you couldn't break it
up you're like think the whole thing I'm
like that's a bad idea I'm gonna be out
like yesterday I mention if you guys are
not subscribed to our iPhone channel I
uploaded an iPhone quickie video YouTube
that concept Rafi we're gonna keep doing
little iPhone quickies what it's time
for quicky quicky you made underwear
it's time I literally had girl boxer
like what are they called brief
they're like girl or short boy
they're like little bland underwear but
girls they're like a little boy kind
with like the little piping and they
look hotter girls they look hot you look
hot on you and literally said the
funniest thing I've ever made in my
entire marriage started for quickie
Medicine drugs
not bad drugs these are the worst kind
of drugs is the legal ones to be honest
and that right under that let's have a
baby with it remember I'm shiny bobbing
the boy on the road right now I have
brain surgery I'm allowed to do whatever
I want anyone seen the second Aladdin
Aladdin the King of Thieves because when
they do Bing Crosby and Bob Hope it is
the funniest thing ever when anyone
putting like everything in my mouth or
dance well Robin Williams pretension
Crosby and Bob Hope and it is hysterical
Danny and I waited for this computer was
the best computer ever waited for yeah
and now Chris is ting it
it's so cold do you love it love it make
out with it
this is embarrassing footage whoa goober
pills these are some goober pills do you
therapy
Walternate alternate
worse yet sucks
giddy with y'all trippin
with champion
don't forget anymore
