but anyway sinews watch hundreds that's
what I will miss you up there is like
there's my cat toy down
are you actually playing instead of her
just attacking you
oh no she's in your bed like quite a few
things that we want to get done today
like you said we're gonna go look at
potential tile like what's out there to
put in here just because we noticed that
the carpet is developing a spell and it
kind of sucks because I like carpet it's
nice but at the same time when you have
three dogs and now a cat doesn't work
out that well so we're gonna go kind of
get a quote and see what our options are
I also take our in I've known I'm doing
I don't know I'm dings D you ready can
you do the Larissa laundry for me please
our mission is to get rid of that
machine my mission is to make sure you
shut your mouth the carpet in the room
if you fail to do so
you will be the only one who will be
scrubbing and back our room
for the rest of your life if you choose
to decline this vicious job you'll still
be vacuuming and
please pirate for the rest of your life
everyone thinks I'm the annoying one no
you have no idea what no do you have no
idea how big the room is I love my
eighteen precisely
I said roughly because I did it we wait
apart now you gonna go this way
no I got a mother like me carry you big
fat turd I can't get out of there she's
dead like that Marlee voice you don't
think piercing gets you everyone's like
glasses right now if you're drinking any
sort of drink out of the dog oh my god I
was just gonna be the same thing what
about this height or sugar I had a
doughnut Oh too much coffee
four shots of espresso
that's it right there right well we're
obviously murder here get help
oh my god we should get back I told you
I want to design so parity
we had
the black walnut yep that's it
yeah drop your phone drop the mic it's
actually not that expensive I thought is
I think carpet or check out carpet it's
what he more expensive than doing Oregon
so the reason why I know the color of
the grout is just really disgusting this
Zoe when she was sick threw up on the
tile which is fine it's easy cleanup
however the robot vacuum I think that's
that rubbed it everywhere I think so I
had to spend like hours like getting the
grout clean do you think was dark like
that I thought it was like a light no no
for the grout next up maybe I didn't
delaying I don't remember what color it
is I don't know what I'm talking about I
love you do that well I kind of like
these Lydia from hat from beetle things
should I be Beetlejuice then not do we
just come up with an idea
that's like a Halloween costume when
somebody doesn't want to even try to
wear masks got her
mr. D what are you doing buddy looking
for lizards we are trying to today to
get some ideas obviously saw for the
actual room we're trying to rip up the
carpet they actually came okay so this
is actually this is like the most
natural awesome amazing Segway I could
possibly have done so we were looking
for glasses for the longest time and
Warby Parker actually approached us and
sent us these home try on kits and I
just wanted to show you guys this this
is actually this is perfect timing so
what you do is you go to work Parker
DICOM sighs Charles alley you can get
your free home trial kit and what you
get is you get five pairs of glasses
they send you five pairs of glasses and
you even for five days to try on free
shipping and they actually even give you
a free return label so that way you
don't have to pay for anything and if
you guys already know we are always in
dire need of glasses every single year
so scared because she's blind pretty
much picking them out so I kind of like
that they allow you to choose five and
then out of those five you get to choose
which one you like the best and then you
send it back so I think it's pretty and
if I didn't like them I could send them
back do you want to tell them the best
part for every pair of glasses they give
a pair of glasses if somebody who
actually needs them probably my favorite
part yeah okay here's the other thing I
know this is this is all add and stuff
like that but this is the other cool
thing is that for ninety five dollars
you get a pair of glasses includes the
lens which is anti glare anti scratch so
right now I want to try on some glasses
I think these are mine and this must be
yours
trying some glasses that I want you guys
in the comments say which ones you guys
like the best we're gonna say one two
three four five for Ally and one two
three four five for me and you have to
tell us in the comments I kind of forgot
what they chose this is exciting it's
like Christmas do you wanna go first you
go first this is one I need like a
mirror no it's the Internet the raking
decision not you I have like a higher
year you do
okay here's to facility hence why we
have a cat that's tortoise here's us
okay that's two okay so what are you
gonna get surgery to remove you here I
see you're lopsided here hey no okay
that's 3 this is 4 this is 5 the
librarian I'm a librarian so those are
Ally's 5 okay now it's my turn
you look very small at mr. Clark oils
work okay that's one you look like
you're an architect thank you I look
super smart looks super sweet okay so to
do the threes or the guys thing a safe
bet okay this is for I can see you as
you get older ring clear lenses okay I'm
sorry
there's five those are fun them they're
funky and once you get all your glasses
take photos and video if you get their
app you can upload videos and photos of
it and other people will actually help
you decide which classes look good on
you as well Thank You warden Parker and
thank you guys go check it out he's
sneezing for some reason she's got this
little fuzz that always comes out it's
just like this little cotton ball every
time I think it's how she sits right
there there you go
sorry you want a paintbrush it's a
little cotton ball you guys pretty much
there's a lot of you guys apparently
that I've trained their cats to walk on
a leash
didn't really think that I thought that
was like a taboo kind of like unheard of
had a very rare thing anyway so a lot of
you guys suggested getting a harness
right now as she's younger cuz what she
gets older she's not gonna want to do it
she's only she's probably about five
weeks maybe five weeks now and she saw
no but it'd be good to get it so that
was you yeah we got a call on it doesn't
fit it's a small something after yeah so
what thinking about just getting the
harness now that way when she fits it we
could start putting her and she's been
all over the toy so it's like the zoe
marley diesel rica show hey with working
on this with featured guests Charles and
Ally
we bit like she hurt me bite my cheek
I'm starting to think that these things
are just gonna be out here for a long
time our neighborhood has a lot of trees
but I've seen a lot of fallen trees
everywhere we only had that one fallen
tree actually a neighbor had that one
too but I mean we got pretty lucky with
everything but the thing is I don't know
how they're gonna get all this stuff
throughout the entire st. Pete I feel
like it's gonna be months and by then
this is probably gonna all be compost
and probably full of Marley peak she has
claimed it multiple and diesel P you
know reclaim it every time these two are
just back and forth all the time like
she'll go he'll try to go take it back
from her and then she'll just take it
right back and then this one doesn't
care
she's all the happy-go-lucky eNOS
boys photograph was that right you said
i'll light i said dark it's dark Charles
which one is it I think it's this one
that's dirty don't even put it there
that one Alan looks like that one right
there see there's this one of that one
you said one it's this one
are you sure they're not the same one
the blonde seeping into your brain
the blonde has seeped into your brain
these are the colors Charles thought it
was no I did not you chose them I picked
all of these do you said it's like I
said Charles it's not letting go
I cleaned she's wrong I know we can
rewind you go I cleaned up puke
I remember you think was dark like that
I thought it was like a light no and I
said no Charles you cleaned up cute
because it got into the ground and
changed the color of it
no one's gonna really notice the
difference okay you got to try to find
this furnace these are not gonna fit her
at all we have to wait until she gets
bigger but I want to get her so used to
it that way she didn't even care that
she's wearing it I was forgetting all
right yeah that's not gonna fit her
she's so little
I keep forgetting that worse technically
not supposed to have her for another
four more weeks especially another month
and a half
technically you for getting off small
she is just like this I think about
doing my hair like this all the time you
think it's sexy I took my hat off and
this is what happened so I'm just gonna
embrace it The Sweeney Todd wow it's
actually really long I need a haircut
we were now just trying to clean up many
bedrooms in the office a lot of laundry
a lot of things what yeah
and then the tree the Charles tornado
came through so it's like a freakin
tsunami oh they're coming to measure
everything because we're gonna try to
rip up this well we are we're gonna rip
up this entire carpet because it's been
doing this weird
creasing thing and like a you're saying
with three dogs things start to just get
dirty and dirty and it's just so much
easier with the tile because we got the
back
you know go through everything so it's a
model morning we have to deal with that
so we're just trying to clean up things
so it doesn't look like a complete
disaster I'm gonna go finish this right
now and I will see you guys tomorrow as
always please don't forget to subscribe
and have a wonderful night bye guys
