good morning guys I've been ready to go
to a doctor's appointment 8 a.m.
earliest I've been up a long time it was
kind of funny as Ali last night I told
her she didn't have to sleep here
because I wanted to get a good night's
sleep so you can see the hotel so the
middle of the night I walked over there
and I slept over here to switch it up a
little bit now I feel even worse because
that is super uncomfortable so that's my
alley and I started watching the town so
no tell me we're driving around we think
everyone out with everyone in
Charlestown there's a bank robber even
like that in fact I definitely is
totally a bank robber
she got jacket videos running pants if
you fire them a day it's kind of like
why don't we like to Rio I watched Fast
& Furious 7 I like watching movies of
the city ER and I think there's the
plane to Rio I watched Fast & Furious
what's that about I'm trying to do
happen
all right
you just fart yep
turn out your forest yep now you're
blowing towards me go so far and again
sorry
girls don't fart yeah they do it's good
no no that's not like girls don't fart
they poop oh you came to you tooted
that's what you say little kids alright
oh do you know the walking and eating in
the globe in doctor professor Franco's
Simpsons dresser Frank Wow guys I go
it's like he's like basically Farnsworth
yeah exactly I just asked him what the
story was with and I said the walking in
the evening the walking in it eating
like Bill Cosby with the walking in the
evening in the pudding yeah pretty good
I can't do no it tonight is my last
night here and Lam free I am free and
then Tuesday I think we're actually go
back to Florida somebody I'm actually
watching the iPhone video from yesterday
and somebody noticed that when I played
guitar picking my mouth I talked
actually relatively normal so I'm
looking for a guitar pick right now
and actually I've been given the clear
by my doctor for a yeah I go to walk
around and try to find some food this is
gonna be the first time in like a week
and a half I actually can go your food
myself some lipstick no why do girls do
that that tastes like food I'm faster
than you it's awful now it just feels
like it was sugar on my liver boom-boom
go go go go go
Ali thinks everybody's a bank robber now
I know I see a work truck go by I'm just
like favor of banks that was like a you
know kinda like whoa but what the dude
let me ask you guys an ethical question
if you guys had the opportunity to rob a
bank and no one got hurt or killed and
you didn't get arrested what did you do
it I don't think I'd do it I don't think
I'd have the Gump that the balls to go I
don't care about robbing crazy rich
people but I care about monetizing the
people in the bank I wouldn't want to do
that the only way I would ever robbed a
bank bank of it if it was like the
oceans movies so this whole week I
haven't showed you guys the awesome
little area that I've been able to walk
when I do go outside it's gorgeous here
we're in Boston Boston was the thing is
the same thing as car keys and it's a
picture of a pair of pants of a pair of
khakis and it's like what it means in
Boston and it's a picture of keys
terrain terrain I'm going off-road right
now that bird
one of my root beer guy here relax it's
like it looks like the water is
literally like glittering it's like
smart boy you're so beautiful you didn't
want me to skip let alone walk out there
jump in no fifty bucks you just turn the
camera on go
let's look off introspectively in the
distance intervene a lot of people in
comments say they do this now would you
do it I do it when you do it yeah I do
know whenever I walk it's just affected
its fastenings I couldn't do it a week
ago I would literally the guy would be
like the worst part was when the guy
would grab my hand he be like let go and
I'd be like I can't let go like I
literally can't let go and it's just
it's fascinating to me you're back your
brain has made it happen it'll bring as
your brain is that's pretty bad it
brings for this brain in there I see
both the bed literally the small small
things I've been waiting all week to go
get my own sandwich savoring this man I
never find in food places when I found
such a good place I'll be eating that I
love pumpkin pie I was contributing I
was contributing this is why we can't
ice things Charles cordon you weren't
even recording any of that
we got sad Tyson Lutz isn't nice where's
Tyson facing looks all sad walk away
hey internets that's my mom's birthday
so let's say happy birthday in the
comments to Allah that's right mama
trippy you know how to flip it it'll
flip the camera there you go Oh what are
you filming me I was hey Cole best oh
he's so excited he's so Wiggly dance
dance dance do the cookie dance do the
cookie dance y'all look there come see
how I'm livin wicked bacon in the
kitchen if you guys have not gotten your
chip chocolate cookie van single you
should go buy it presentation don't
fresh thank you you look like you're in
pain don't don't fresh nation go to the
iTunes stores called cookie dance by
chip chocolate and you can download it
we're trying to prank the music industry
right now but also it's just like for
really good song so you should get it is
this a good job on his size why I'm just
doing cookie dance because today is my
last night in the hospital and this one
that arrives you guys we've been doing a
lot I phone videos on YouTube that
concise trippy so if you guys want more
more vlogs other than actual vlogs like
little quickies we call the iPhone
quickies the store does go subscribe to
YouTube by compsat stripping and we do
throughout the day so that way you get
the blog post you get half a mini
quickie blog so if you want to have a
trippy quickie
come on you trying to get your pudding
pudding and jello here it
Charles hoses new thing now where he
says he doesn't want something and then
he opens his mouth beneath it let's put
it you thinks he's funny do you think
you're funny
yeah I thought that I am of the axis I'm
up nah trash no one don't thank us your
nose so I gets to know you cheeks you
office no I don't want to either
psst
with tripping
yes
with Dirty Harry don't forget to
