just got done with therapy again don't
don't don't
just alternate now we're gonna try this
guy see ya see if this becomes home for
my fingers now I gotta find a freaking
pic though of course at home I have like
a million pics and falling all over them
here I don't have any wait what's this
there we go got one so you finding a
hidden gem let's go and come up here and
move hurt we're gonna try to play the
first song fully I'm gonna try to play
my first song now they can move my hands
a little bit it's not gonna be perfect
but when he gets to see if you can guess
what song this is it's gonna be
interesting my hands still aren't
working completely working a lot more
though over a week ago I could even do
my left hand
far away insurance it remembering I'm
all right with it once I got my guitar
my bass though I'll be a lot better just
keep breathing guys I got it my fingers
are back kind of I'm just blown away
about ourselves just because I couldn't
even move this oh we could go literally
a week ago couldn't even move my
freaking hand the body at the effing
amazing
out of all the therapy though this is
this is the only one that extends from
our fingers because everything my body
is relearning when they're like do this
exercise like my body has never done it
so it's like having to learn what it is
and then try to figure it out
first and my body already knows human
body it dis amazes me just a human mind
just amazes me just with time it's just
heals worst part is my speech kind of
happened it's like a little Ellis sneer
or I have to kind of like a nun see over
the enunciated everything I feel like
that's the most annoying part because I
kind of had a lisp to begin with and now
I have this little weird slurred how now
brown cow like heaven the cat jumped
over the moon
how the hell did the cat jump over the
moon why does nobody address the fact
that a cat jumps over the moon or is it
the cow jumps over the moon which is
still freakin amazing alright guys so
I'm putting on some pants in an alley
and I gotta go find some food I'm
literally it's gonna be first time out
of this hospital so I'll have to eat
hospital food hospital food so she's got
pull her pants my shoes on which is
gonna be nicely normal I should rock
these ugly socks so nothing chocolate
can't fix without those if you have a
broken arm can chocolate pickle fix a
broken arm today at lunch or dinner we
want to go your foot to cafeteria Ali
was picking her food and she's like
looking it's like what is that and late
it's like turkey tips and I was I was
like is that white meat or dark meat
literally the girls that goes if you
have to go like that with your food you
shouldn't eat it she goes no no you
wanna try and I was like not really
kinda what are you try it and tell me
what is this what is your favorite word
what I think that's it was now what is
your favorite internet I'm asking you
guys to think about your favorite words
to spell like type it in the comments
cuz you have to spell it tell me your
most favorite word to spell and then
your at least word they were my least
favorite is restaurant my most favorite
is Mississippi my least favorite word to
spell in English is most definitely
exercise I don't know why but I always
have trouble it out
e XE r CI s a lot of people are legal
exercise so I'm really trying to think
of my favorite word to spell in English
when I was younger it was onomatopoeia
because I was so excited that I could
spell it and it was just like a cool
sounding word that little snap noise
just came out of your butthole are you
kidding me right now healthy fart that
did not sound healthy my ass this is a
GTI look at this shower look as I wanted
these in that freaking house how do you
open that fart look at that I can't wait
till these staples come on our heads we
can actually take a real shower for a
once this is the grossest I've been this
is like Warped Tour times at least some
work to are showered every day I'm bag
right now I haven't taken a shower in
like a week other than scrub downs a
sponge baths this is the grossest I felt
a long time Joey Miley being Punk'd this
listen to my this bark Marley's bark is
my favorite Park it's it's like this
half-assed lazy like I I want to bark
but I don't really want to and now we
have a clean Charles a clean mohawk and
everything has the internet decide if I
should keep the Mohawk or not have you
decided yet
or should I shave half my beard and then
half my hair these are dirty feels so
much better
tomorrow we have a doctor's appointment
to make sure this you're gonna try to
tell me all the preventative things just
waviness my face all the preventative
things make sure this thing doesn't come
back to my head I just got back to the
hotel this is the first night that
Charles and I are not I feel like I look
freely yellow right now the lighting is
like terribly yellow but this is the
first night that we're not spending
together since we've been up here I went
back to the hotel because we have a
really early doctor's appointment
tomorrow so I wanted to like shower and
just you know get all set up and ready
for that but tomorrow we are going to
see the oncologist and figure out what's
going on with him
and get like the pathology results and
all that stuff that's you know
nerve-wracking but it's necessary and
it'll sort of dictate what he's gonna
have to do from here on out to make sure
that he stays healthy so that's the most
important things that he's gonna stay
healthy and he's got some awesome people
on his team as you guys know we'll keep
you updated with that when we find out
some more and we will see you tomorrow
as always can i guys love you say good
night sue I miss you too babe say good
night to the interwebs
wait
yeah
which are tripping
with Dirty Harry don't forget to
