hey guys so kind of a late start today
because I've been doing therapy all day
but I got this thing going let's check
my snazzy lunch got an awesome sandwich
and no attack that thing is though what
are the mashed potatoes and gravy
that'll work
gotta get you some vlogging it's been a
while sorry it's been slow week for me
talking is just gonna take a little bit
to get used to hope you guys have been
good gonna watch some Simpsons just kind
of chill for a little bit more rest
definitely one thing I'm not gonna list
a stupid hospital bed most uncomfortable
thing in the world we think of some
Simpsons known as delicious sandwich
this is trawled medicated vlog playing
with your fancy chair so help you stand
up you're right no he had a jalapeno
jumble you know get a spicy meatball
go drink milk well you got cake - is
that your sketti sketti dance
one of the most frustrating things is
with video games the whole X and y-axis
thing like it's ridiculous how like hard
it is when you have to really think
about it I've been stuck in the sewer
level for two days about I'm not
exaggerating for two days of it stuck in
this level a you're gonna have to beat
this you didn't have to do that I did
that did you be about strike three yet
Photoshop three is really it was free
awesome Italy strike all you gotta do is
jump on this stupid thing
come on Bert don't be dumb just singing
off and you know hi Phil two days later
you should go have a conversation with
him a why he's not listening to you look
how you're sitting perfect posture I
have a really fun idea what I'm gonna
put them here on you haven't I been
through enough
can I please do it yes such pretty
eyelashes complete ladies coming in with
my medication
it's makeover time why doing it really
make you go away you just have the most
beautiful long gorgeous eyelashes I've
ever seen oh thanks look down don't
close your eyes though like looked at
look what's right here that's not down
that's kind of down here all this shit
I've gone through this week no this nice
this is like relaxation time you have
the craziest eyelashes ever this is
torture to me is it I hate people being
does it bother you people being
customized morning Charles ready for
therapy Charles might help you they're
gonna be so jealous there's all those
like Latisse thing
like fake eyelash you're you I've never
seen this happen his eyelashes are so
long that when he blinks if he has
mascara on it touches his lower lids
that's how long your eyelashes are I'll
sell them to you yeah kind of I don't be
so creepy what did you like cut
someone's like eyelash you put fake ones
on oh yeah that's horrible not every day
that's what that is
sometimes well no it's not like it's not
someone else's eyelashes Dobby on the
merch store get the new hoodies
insurance to Charles eyelashes I'll buy
them anyway would you buy those would
you super nature
speaking of merch we have some new large
stuff coming out we've been working on
it someone tweeted us a picture of their
dog and a hoodie the other day it was a
cutest thing ever this is not fun great
I'm not having fun so much look up and
stop blinking god you're such a wuss
you're touching my eyes okay glad you
like this it's just like your eyelashes
are just ridiculously amazing are you
crying
does it bring up my Simpsons look at his
eyelashes dude
does it bring out my Simpsons thing
going on ridiculous
I should put mascara on their beards to
make them look fuller they do that it's
called a beard did they have stuff do
they have that like a beard brush hmm
I'll tell you they diet remove it look
at those sumptuous lashes remove it it's
so cute though removing it makes me
really jealous dude so many people pay
so much money to make their lashes so I
think that genuinely bothers me that
what genuinely bothers the gunk on my
face yeah it's hard to get used to fake
lashes are even worse because you glue
them on your eyelid so it's like your
eyelids really tight when you have them
on it kind of goes away though you get
used to it I'm genuinely uncomfortable
I'm genuinely uncomfortable with how
beautiful you look I think I lost a lot
of weight cuz my pants keep falling
I'm literally mooning Boston right now
do you remember in elementary school
you can get milk for a quarter or if you
found another quarter you can use
chocolate milk for 50 cents
that was like gold there like chocolate
milk was gold in the cafeteria you
didn't have a cafeteria that's why I
like it so much now that sounds sounds
like torturing today I mean I guess I
was like at school they were trying to
promote like healthy eating they weren't
like don't know cuz in bed
they said like don't have sugar at
school because it's cold coke ow cacao
oh wow look at those old Marley
soon we'll be back on that beach god
she's fat right now mom I need to go
running and swimming she's the new she's
a sausage you go swimming yeah we gotta
get that dog in shape
she's self-sustaining he's given pretty
nicely hibernate she's getting ready to
hydrate for the one she's got her winter
fat her in the pool for like an hour
should be good oh yes
worse yet sexy
giddy with y'all trippin
we're
with trippy an alley
you
