what are you do and more about me at
Grand Theft Auto 5 and what are you
gonna do best mother-in-law ever how are
you gonna play it about my xbox yeah you
did
it's it's in a box Xbox it's an Xbox
who else is pissed off that you have to
have 4 gigs or 8 gigabytes of space for
just eight gigs yeah some I bought a 16
gigabyte thumb drive and I'm getting
stir rigging gangsta rigging it right
now gangster rigging gangster gangster
thanks I see your Simpsons I don't don't
don't don't see you work your job yeah
that's she I saw you using it right your
right thumb nice work
I'll get this to be Network going I am
so I'm starting to feel a lot better
I'm able to walk around do things by
myself now I'm playing nerd rockin
Madden is I'm gonna try that we can move
my finger so this is so my have the
sudden tucked in there rock and not
screw up my staples nice nice pop I like
it
it's pretty awesome it's actually
helping my head cuz it's kinda itchy
there's no rock there Drock and I are
trying to play some video games video
games alley it's helping me log into my
Madden account because I can't just like
what's going on everything's doubled
even Ally was having some problems
that's that's your tell you some of the
Tally's who's completely it's beautiful
we should make out make out okay you're
Simon I'm in I can play dead rock so he
can beat me now
alright getting dressed to go for a
little walk II try to go outside and do
your pants
dear sexy Chippendales pants dance you
get on yep better second time around
put the bacon balls away okay you got it
let's see you do your belt my left hand
is definitely back it back to normal so
much better now
all right so am i you can tie your shoes
it's a good chucks this is why you don't
attach it just there the first time with
probably 10 years I've actually tied
Chuck Taylors that's why they always
yeah go for it
see this expert magic is very expert
you look pretty expert pretty nice right
nope try that one hello expert
shoe-tying skills you feel happy about
that
I do feel happy when I'm outside this
place get down on that piano no you guys
remember that Kevin video try to
remember that the cat it's like why I
think it's so cool that they have a
piano here it's good we can play play
guitar there that's awesome I feel like
maybe even the doctor said that that's
like attached to it's like a different
area of the brain like music is like
really good for therapy - that talks
about you putting something familiar in
your hand and your brain is like oh okay
versus like something weird like a
foreign object that you've never touched
before
and your brain is like what is this
gotta figure this out
my plane so you like me how's it feel
got your back right
so you less that I scream out a little
bit too long just freaking perfect more
delicious pink you up thank you thank
God that sounds disgusting like diarrhea
like chocolate farts is it that first
thing you never want oh that's like
really gross that makes me not what ever
like eat chocolate ice remember again
that's a liquid first no it's coming out
of me like lava bridesmaids anyone
Charles was about to have a shower
he'd just say a piece of pizza and he's
washing his hands before getting in the
shower because it's crazy
hey Greece I'm gonna give you a bath
right now
if someone's Greece in my head yeah I'm
gonna get I want to wash that at all
alfalfa that's so rude - should I get a
book I think you have like the perfect
shape at Burma Hogg you looked a little
too scary with the shape test I'd like
to shave heads oh you should download ha
ha ha ha way to go hot trying the mohawk
yes my chest is off quickly because of
the last time we did that waxing
I have to make make it know that all the
nurses made fun of your kids right Ally
made sure that all the nurses all the
attractive nurses saw that embarrassing
video I didn't say anything about how
there was still the hottest one in the
room
sure and I save you also tell them about
the catheter thing I woke up the day
after surgery I had to pee really bad
nor the catheter in there and I did he
acted out freaking freaking you your
birthday right now I gotta pee really
bad and like that's fine you have a
catheter in you can totally be it's fine
your Lewis rips it out like terror day
no one's ever had one of those things
you can't just go like I'm gonna go for
you now it just doesn't work like that
as soon as you did it you realize what I
ready oh my god oh my god I think I did
something bad I'm like yeah I think you
did too and you were like oh my god Ali
Ali my dick is woody does one of the
dumbest things I've ever done my life
yeah I've never seen blood came out of a
penis before that day any internet land
have you ever done something stupid like
that pulled out of feet and not feeding
through breathing to didn't feel too bad
so she said pulling out a catheter is
one of the most common things yeah but
she said that sometimes kids that are
coming up out of anesthesia will hold
their breathing tubes oh yeah so that's
one thing I have to tell you guys about
surgery one of the dumbest things I've
ever done in my life thought my catheter
most painful things yeah it sucked it
sucked TMI guys I think we're at TMI
right now I stopped playing playing for
those for wondering Ally did not leave
in a burp she's his burp like a massive
a gross burpy she cut it out if you
didn't hear her to me she cut it up I
cut it out
are you burping now is it a competition
you still have a pen mark where they
wrote that this was the side that
they're doing surgery on I'm glad they
did the right side yeah me too
what is their most dumbest embarrassing
thing ever
pulling out your poo - no probably the
last day of tour what'd you do because I
was trying to go out to a bar and my
family was trying to leave and I would
have gone to jail if I had gotten to a
bar because I was so drunk and then I
made my parents pull over several times
while we were like
so that I can throw up all the
alligators were laughing at now asked a
point I was very well wash my face they
shouldn't pull your freak - yeah I never
have on those oh maybe I did during my
surgery don't have fun I think I think
they're an indie surgery yeah during I
think I had I was at her general
anesthesia so I think I definitely had
one necessary is it necessary for me to
drink my own urine
no but I do it anyway because it's
sterile and I like the taste
what's that for tell me Internet what's
that from
see what you did
we wait
worse yet
with child tripping
with trippy and Ali
you
