than 1 HR so they just took your
dressing off would you like to see what
your head looks like yeah tell if I have
lying on another metal then you look
like you're cyborg it's awesome you have
a lucky horseshoe they did a perfect job
they literally did a perfect job
that's crazy do you see it's an arts
ours our society my it's alright I don't
lie I'm like the Hassan no it goes all
the way around the back try move your
arm to the right keep your head over
here can you take a picture of it take a
picture of it show yourself just this oh
my how akarsha it's weird
its lucky don't you feel lucky punk
do you don't you listening to triple jam
or creed or they create for yourself
under
you're like shining you've got your
shining background I should say the next
time what's his name what's the that's
his imaginary friend right little buddy
Sal it's like salad fingers ooh I hate
salad fingers you guys remember Salad
Fingers ah don't watch it it's horrible
little bunny foo foo that's thank you
but yes let's go back to something
charming and family-oriented no Salad
Fingers was like a rose like oh it's
like an animation that was like restful
Jesus I love my rusty spoon what little
bunny foo foo walking through the forest
scooping off field mice and boppin them
on a head oh that's terrible
it's all you to rest little bunny food I
don't know that part
hey foo foo Baba knows a murderer just
hungry
what bunnies don't eat my was he
murderer or was he just a cereal uh
Mouse's like aggressive yeah you scooped
it up field mice that's pretty
impressive
I can barely catch a lizard with my
hands didn't I have a thumb I can use
Tupperware I should tell you saved bugs
all the time I know you're good at that
you're very good before your surgery
surgery I saved so many trap bugs one of
the comedy way out yeah you don't want
to kill any bugs before you say I was
watch like you get your bugs out of like
where your pool is the outside yeah
Charles has 57 staples I counted oh I
counted 57 staples right so we got a
double check that number but I believe
days right
that's really you should because he was
hiccupping when I was counting so he'd
hiccup and I'd like I think I might've
lost track so it could be 60 let's run
up to 60 I'm also sponsored by the
Indianapolis Colts yep yep there you go
Indianapolis Colts send me a free Jersey
now in and free tickets for life now I
know please now do it do it are we now
it's your dog do it Bobby on the head
the marshall faulk or Hershel Walker
I don't know her so Falk was pretty cool
you're asking me questions about sports
asking the Internet and the falling
asleep as I'm doing it
stay awake wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle
wiggle that's not creepy tickle tickle
tickle I'm essentially a new AFI CD
right now it's pretty good
how is it hunter you're pretty good at
base Kari have 960 1000 you guys were so
close to get them to a million come on
push through 39,000 more she's leaving
oh nothing
this is my farewell trip try to get that
through TSA I just ate your yogurt
sexual yeah that's very polite dude
thank you you did you give her such a
giver yeah look at that have tickle
tickle
stop that tickled him tell him you love
him you should kiss him since he always
kisses yeah I miss me
mmm that's nice that's one must like
feel like three yeah it is yeah is this
marble in and scruffy your stripper -
thank you Phillip
this guy's a manner I'm sorry can you
say that again men are gross all right
love you buddy we love you bye Shane yes
so it's 4:30 and the videos not edited I
guess I've been on the phone with
insurance people all day and just been
in and out obviously taking care of this
lonely man and he's about to go sponge
bath and he told me nurse to touch her I
don't want to sit I don't
yes you do and I said okay the videos
not did you fart
you know what no yeah so goodbye and I
said okay the videos gonna be late and
he goes oh do the video and I said okay
so then the nurse'll giving sponge baths
me goes no I said what do you want the
do all do you want me to do the video
for the sponge Bethany goes through not
the video so let the record show with
Charles Trippy for the first time in
history you know who is letting the
video be late you agree with this
commentary yeah I do okay Walt
yeah my almost time every other time in
is with this times no
I
what what hi again something weird yeah
you can't you won't stop moving the bed
up and down just did it like 14 times
mmm here what take a ride taking a ride
okay wait wait wait wait here go to high
go down charge go back down go down
there and go back down he first pass do
you know that yeah particularly boom
boom okay that's enough sure they're
gonna be real pissed if you break their
bed
well you're this on the computer how you
feel about that
working voter now you're working better
yeah you're doing great honey you look a
little bit more alert for not talking
about your balls anymore which is good
you like talking about your ball you
shit why not hey guys it's time for
bathroom update again no crying this
time though honestly I'm kind of grossed
out because it really smells like pee in
here I know that sounds like a stupid
thing to say but like someone was just
in here before me and they're they
must've eaten some asparagus anyhow
Charles is a you know as you guys know
he's doing fine he got to see his
neurosurgeon today and I tweeted about
this but he had a follow-up MRI this is
the first MRI that he's had post-op and
it actually shows that they got 98% of
the mass out of his brain which is
amazing and we're still waiting on the
pathology which is I'm sure a lot of you
guys and most of you guys know this but
if you don't know what that means it
means you're going to take a tissue
sample and they're going to do some
testing on it do all kinds of science
it and they're going to let us know what
the best course of action is from here
on how to you know treat the tumor just
in case anything were to ever happen in
the future they're not telling us you
know anything just yet it was benign the
first time around but you know tumors
are crazy and they can be tricky so they
just want to double-check and do the
pathology he's going to be moved to a
different facility pretty soon here I
think he's going to have some pretty
intensive rehabilitative therapy for his
kind of his left side of his body as he
still got some weakness and I just want
to make sure that all of that stuff gets
sorted out and he doesn't lose any of
his strength and everything gets taken
care of as soon as possible he's going
to stay up here in Boston for his first
physical therapy everything's been
really great and you know I just want to
say thank you to anyone out there who is
training to enter into the medical
profession or anyone who is currently in
the medical profession in any way
whatsoever you guys are incredible I
know I talked about this last time he
had a surgery but it's really amazing
you guys you guys touch people's lives
and you save people's lives and you you
do some really amazing stuff with your
time and with your life so thank you
very much and we love you alright guys
we'll see you tomorrow
see what you did
hardly wait
hey where's ePSXe
giddy withdraws trippy
a word please
with trippy Harry don't forget to
you
