sure what were you just on your we've
revenue balls my balls are big
oh you're quoting drunk history over
here balls there's pee you have to pee
so I have some crab apples you have to
grab your balls because you have to pay
some vacation it's the indication of
that your universe no signal it's a
universal smoke signal okay I'm not
gonna let the internet get near your
balls so I'm gonna put them down my
balls you know they're from the drunken
Troy kisser that's right that's what
that's from hi done why are you doing
that is he
you're fidgeting get you some more drugs
yeah got more drugs well I think let's
girls let's go better let's just drunk
less drugs is good better is better yeah
so we're all sitting in the hotel right
now I had to come back to edit the video
really quickly and Shaye's put nines on
and helping me out so apparently each
one of us has received a separate text
message from Charles and all of them are
equally incomprehensible so let's just
go around the Tammy so this is yours
right what you want to go ahead and read
it
I don't read you don't know you dad
Thanks okay so this is a this is what
Charles sent to his mom f Fett I Everton
that's one message and then the next
message says rivetting and she wrote
love you season that's number one
what seriously mine just says there I
every lol what time is your Zak um mine
is that TV did you get one I got I got
one of these okay this oh you're gonna
hold on excellent all your screen hurry
my heart comes up yeah my fart to your
best Burt Reynolds Burt Reynolds it pose
yeah yeah yeah we're chest
yeah my children do it oh no I whisper
up some photoshop my dad's chest hair
right here show it off dead show it off
ha no I'm not sure it's right there it
is better Photoshop Coley's chest hair
on the light yes very manly
that's sexy babe yeah hey smelling your
Yankee Candle it's a picnic lid I think
you know what I'm proud of pinky wiener
thank you Anna
yeah vicious it's not the size of the
pig in there just in case somebody going
up can do you don't tell them any
butters on their tables turn it is a
Sicilian breading
it's a sodium breading to yourself
honestly I'm putting the butter on there
Freddy oh yeah that's great
fabulous when I lift up my left hand I'm
like a magician now never ball Wow
where'd that come from it's magic I've
never seen the kayak commercial what the
guy goes like my surgeon totally loves
that commercial and he wanted to do it
so bad I showed it to him because we
should have done it he's so funny about
it if you didn't see yesterday's video
because I'm very tricky you guys could
take a lot of do a lot of critiquing
right now hey you got a bottle like a
pad right is she a attention wheelchair
oh that's my lane she should sit very
nice you got your sweater and everything
and doing a great job getting up fun
that's right oh yeah she's ready
the tools in the Train you got the ideal
setup yes and Melissa doesn't have a
clue where a man is jamming out isn't
twos how do you feel big rock sign okay
look how cool this is they brought me in
gigantic reclining chair just so awesome
and I no sleep so well I'm staying here
he's doing so well like guys I'm totally
in the hospital so let me give you guys
a little bit of an update on Charles
he's a in his room resting and he
actually has a guy in the room with him
so I don't want to wake him up by
speaking too loudly he's doing really
well
my guys know that already I've been
doing a couple of things but um as you
saw in yesterday's video the surgery was
very intense um it's really hard on your
body to do like an awake brain surgery
it's really hard on your body to do any
surgery but that in particular was
pretty crazy and his team was just
incredible and his doctors back in
Florida are checking on him everybody's
just been absolutely superstars
that are taking care of him and we are
so so appreciative of all of it honestly
it's been truly a wonderful thing you
know if you never want to have to go
through something like this but if you
do you want to make sure that the person
that's going through it is comfortable
and everything has just been so so great
for him so yeah I know a couple of you
guys were actually asking what the
situation was with his left arm we
talked about it a little bit a couple
times but we didn't want to frighten any
of you guys so where the tumor was in
his brain was near his like basically
his a supplementary motor area and they
didn't want to do any like damage that's
why he was awake so they could talk to
him and ask him to move his hand and all
that good stuff after the surgery he was
totally fine but then you know as the
day kind of progressed and as the
swelling sort of manifested in that part
of his brain he started having a little
bit more difficulty with his hand and he
was getting a little frustrated you know
it's like one of those things where
you're telling
body to do something and it's and you
know exactly what it's supposed to feel
like and it's kind of just not happening
so he was getting really frustrated a
little bit afraid but he was working
with our physical therapist today for a
little while and I just got back to the
hospital a little bit ago um and it
seems really silly to be able to do this
with your arm but he wasn't able to hold
his arm over his head and he just did it
just now for the first time sorry it's
just really great to see him making
progress he's really moved by everything
that you guys have done and said for him
it truly means a lot to us to have you
guys here supporting us it's we're very
very lucky very lucky this is good know
this best thing good it's very good I'm
very very happy that this is all going
well you know it's a very scary thing
but he's a-- he's awesome he's doing it
he's doing great so i just want to let
you guys know a little bit of an update
on that what's going on with that arm so
he's were expecting him to make a full
recovery to me you know slapping the
bass pretty soon check out these hot
pants
you got some herbal pants on did I do
that didn't do - ridiculous - I love
those pants baby that's hot
you're just in time for Milan Fashion
Week I don't want to him to freak out
about this aloof
I just talked about it no one's freaking
out you're doing really really well with
that actually it's you in the name of
love
grooving you need to rest honey you want
to say goodnight to the Internet you
know yeah tell him you love him a little
with you give him a kiss
nice one that was even fancier than last
night
see what you did today
guard me wait
you
where's ePSXe
which all tripping
where is he
with just 15 Harry don't forget to
you
