good morning guys today somebody picks
up my brain so yeah Monty Python don't
get it right maybe they can add some RAM
in there alright so before that'll be
after and after naked don't show them
your bed I tied it you don't your best
my friend Mia
so since this is coming in with me I
have to double it up because I don't
know what to expect so I'm taping the
camera so you guys don't pop out the
bomb because the idea is it'll be like
this I'll be doing this but kind of
might go like that and I don't know what
then I don't know where it's gonna end
up marking there so I am so told that
I'm going to be more awake than I
thought
almost time for Deborah juice so
Internet I will see you on the flip on
the flip slowly going cross-eyed yeah
yep how do you feel
what hi I'm Jeff Goldblum
so for blue balls - how do you fancy I'm
recording for you okay what's up
Internet here you are
come on we gave a thumbs up to the group
thumbs up there you go
that's what's bringing up though yeah I
have one
you definitely have one Palacio G horns
or something there right we'll keep the
double heads out yeah Danny to the
missus
I got getting it recorded right here hey
I love you as oh everything's going
great everything's going great and my
brain is open and the TV remote isn't
that like
it's kind of funny you're not really
just quick-witted with your heads going
wrong I actually got a phone call from
one of the head and people at YouTube
you know like I can't believe you asked
what they doing this what's your
favorite who's your favorite band Ferb
and bang called AF I actually appreciate
you guys I mean I was very fortunate
amazing season this whole area Clubhouse
with everybody sitting and waiting for
the surgery we're like two nine hours in
so Peggy she was at a wedding she's
longtime friends of Charles's parents
she just brought me this is the hardest
part is waiting
hey sound again it's fine you know like
it's the surgeons are great and he's got
a really really great team really good
people taking care of him but it's just
so hard to wait for so long because you
just want to know okay what's going on
how is it what's news but yeah yeah I'm
thinking it's gonna be a couple hours
here they'll give us an update okay baby
well how are you doing look it's
attached it's a chat what's attached
yeah it's good news that your head is
still attached how are you feeling good
okay well it sounds a little slower it's
slower that's okay
well now you go and look at you you're
going there's your mama
squeeze her hand still pretty strong
yeah
you look great honey
your doctor came down and said you were
being a rock star with your camera would
you talk to them about she was actually
a very nothing give me a smile that's a
good one
little slow aside so that's okay you're
doing good you look good baby let me see
do your left hand yeah that's good
that's excellent you're trooper you have
anything you'd like to say to your
audience thank you for the love and
support
it's got an ID of Arizona that's great
news how's my hair look like a half oh
he just said brain surgery and he just
wants to know if his hair looks good I
had I got a hurts
right and not so much here okay not so
much here okay where does it listen this
area doesn't this general areas not sure
why yeah that's good this one's half
done that let me see that came over oh
yeah you can move it that's great the
nurse to the girl you want to grab his
hands he's like let go
Charles like I like
did you say I'll never let go Jack I
wanted to say nobody well you can put
that one in your pocket and use it later
you look great but you look good give me
a smile apparently we're soils believe
it's a little crooked but it's cute it's
very charming charming jar away free in
surgery is not the Elgar exactly it's
not all it's cracked up to be
would you recommend it to your friends
or no absolutely not okay we're gonna
get a million subscribers I'm not the
internet isn't broken I love you did you
just say CT phone home to you for your
clever clever go Rudolph
fine they do is like sobriety test
okay after a brain surgery she's all
wasted they're gonna make sure you're
not drunk can't be drunk after brain
surgery that's totally inappropriate I
have a 201 penis right now yes you do
have a tube in your penis that's just I
think that the medically accurate term
is a catheter but if penis tube is also
acceptable to feel myself enough you can
pay right now and no ever no I think
that little smile is indicative of pee
happening Oh me I feel good it's
rewarding it's rewarding it flexes
that's okay it's okay to be worried but
I think you're doing great you're still
really really soon after surgery that
give it time baby okay yeah say bye oh
yeah give him a kiss
why donut that's fun because it's fun
just like peeing in bed is fun ping
impetus from Patrick's my new favorite
nurse he isn't pretty good
he calls me honey Patrick Patrick is
totally Bostonian yeah totally is he
read about that this is the most
Bostonian dude I never met the Mark
Wahlberg who I also not that like a
belted fudgesicles got a frappe it's
Bostonian let me make that somebody made
it for me welcome to your brother on
drugs love this the new experience did
you did you get the best wife overlord
know what that's life away you get the
best husband award cuz you're freaking
hilarious even when you're after brain
surgery yeah yeah that's right pink yet
what are you doing I think it is how's
your save event so far both Stoney in
it's going great
that's to me great let's tone Ian I know
that I know you put the stone in
Bostonian you're not even gonna laugh at
that I'm trying hope they put the stone
in me we need to we got a deal like an
iPhone videos on minimus I don't know so
Charles was trying to upload an iPhone
video from his bed and he like just woke
up and he is Natalie not out of Italy
with it so let's get a macro on the
title that he was trying to how do I see
Jess got a head of surgeon tricking to
be got danger heard to do you leave it
as a winning title you have to course
meals is fancy up in the air
this is your second thing you had yogurt
now you got you know this never tasted
so good yeah I believe it and what you
get to drink this time she Bostonian ale
bostonia now we get to kiss her forehead
can't fight it this time you know how he
always like fights it he can't know I
have to accept it he's enjoying it oh
this is a little wish see like when he
fights it it's okay cuz it's like oh
he's fine now
now you're just sitting there smiling
politely why your smile I'm peeing right
now I've never kissed a while he's being
weird weird is warmer in here okay yeah
you know what guys it's that it's that
time I would say it's that time and I
finish it that kind of day yeah we've
been awake since 1:30 yesterday so loopy
see what you did today
Hey where's the esse
giddy withdrawal trippy
us with trippy Harry don't forget three
more
you
