hey guys so today is Sunday we're gonna
try to do a kind of relaxing one day
take I guess you could say we are at the
beach which is kind of funny considering
the entire two weeks for Australia which
was summer the entire time it does and
it's it's funny it's still technically
winter here in Florida and yet there's
all these people at the peach just
showing in bikinis in bathing suits you
look old wait yes it's crazy
well yeah I am super super happy to be
home it's been kind of nice yesterday
yes all we had 3730 give or take 37 38
hours of travel and of which I would say
how many hours would probably on an
airplane 14 I'm doing math my head
probably about 20 something of those
hours which is kind of crazy to think
about the fact that I was sitting down
and doing that stuff alright what do you
want to say right here I'm so busy
let's go over there yeah it's just so
nice to be home because having Australia
don't get me wrong it's not a terrible
place to be
we had a lot of awesome shows a bunch of
shows actually sold out which was really
kind of cool honestly was I'd say the
weirdest though did I tell me what
happened in Sydney was a Sydney knows
Melbourne in actual Melbourne or
Melbourne we actually played a show and
at the ain't no was go down here
actually in Melbourne I didn't tell you
about this and at the end of the show
nowhere was a actual where do they
actually play during the Superbowl was
it a delayed thing go that way it was a
delayed okay so in Adelaide would end up
happening at the end of the show Potter
and Coley were so pumped up his take
their shirts off I didn't tell you this
so they took the shirts off and they
wanted to do like an encore so we did
like an encore and during the Encore
yeah we did like an encore which is the
only show that we really did one because
everyone got really pumped up towards
the end
and mind you Koli and Hunter were
completely shirtless and Danny Travis
and I went out with our shirts you're
like oh you know what are they doing
this crazy 100 Koli and onstage Koli and
Hunter came and practically ripped our
shirts off I made us yeah it made us all
play shortlist the entire show which was
kind of funny the funniest part was like
I saw a couple tweets saying how like we
the Kings is turning into a dad boy van
a dad bod boy band apart and I should I
should be insulted because I don't
actively a dad but maybe I'm a dad fuck
thanks I appreciate that
I like how I'm just watching you try to
night back yourself out of this okay
okay I'm gonna take your seat we got no
case oh oh sorry
well yeah Adelaide we ended up doing
that which was probably the craziest of
the shows only because I should say
rowdy it's not craziest because every
show is actually really really good
ended up meeting a lot of you guys
there's a I always get blown away when I
go to a different country okay so I got
bad bog you got mom jokes which is worse
than a dad job that jokes are least
funny you didn't hear it I said mom
jokes aren't as funny as dad jokes
funnier than a mom Joe what a dad Bob
but yeah we had an amazing time this
tour we got to meet a lot of you guys it
was just it was just a really really
cool time the travel sucked obviously
but once we got there only thing I kind
of regret not being able to do is go to
the Lone Pine Animal Sanctuary I don't
know if you guys remember at Lone Pine
we didn't come though yeah you which
would be a different one but that lone
pine is the one were like basically the
kangaroos are sitting like this like the
red kangaroos one though they aren't red
kangaroos cuz those big grass but they
were the kangaroos where you can
actually go and actually feed them but
the thing is they tell you about that
what happens is like when you try to
feed the Kangaroos
at the Lone Pine they've been eating
like celebrity face so when they've been
eating all day so when you let have food
you have to kinda go like this and shove
it in their face the entire day and that
was actually the time when we went and
we were feeding was it emu or a giant
hostage and all of a sudden it started
chasing Travis I meant okay my favorite
memory I told you about that remember
just remember Bryan old sound guy this
was like two or three years ago actually
longer than that but we were all holding
the koalas and if you guys remember
Bryan he was really really good on I say
chill dude he was part of the chillest
guy I've ever met in my entire life he's
so chill so what ended up happening is
remember I told you like when we held
the koalas you know I have you guys know
koalas are inherently they're slow
eucalyptus what the thing is yeah so
it's that's a misconception koalas
aren't high when they use or eat
eucalyptus I guarantee it is gold how by
going there but they use are they use it
to calm down so I guess it's kind of
like an anti-anxiety thing for Wallace
which is actually kind of kind of funny
but anyway I'm getting back to the story
with Bryan held the Koala everyone so
the Koala Ryan are like that and we
called Bryan it's a nice is this super
cold I keep talking about my oh my god
that's really cold keep talking about my
story and every time I stop so who all
was there inherently small slow okay so
I'm getting all flustered that because
it was so cold so when they were looking
away and we called him that take the
photo this is exactly what happened okay
so they're both looking this way
and we're like Bryan and the Koala and
Bryan go like this at the same time and
then they both looked like those deadpan
stare no actually no I don't think you
ever did meet them but let me just do it
again so it's like Bryan's like this
cause like there's Bryan take a photo
and it was I think everyone lost it even
the trainer um we didn't get to go do
that but I did go to this Adelaide Zoo
which was always really nice yes all I
was like literally the only one in there
for the last 30 minutes of the the
opening of the zoo but yeah I don't know
like they've just had so much fun there
and I can't I can't wait to go back and
then I got to go to the Sydney the
Sydney what's the call Botanical Gardens
where we got engaged yeah because they
were overrun and they were abroad yeah
well it was actually kind of hard to
find out like no joke cuz I was looking
around I'm thinking you're the lily pads
or ferns or whatever the hell they were
and I couldn't find them anywhere
Todd replied the reason why I'm like
that place is because of the pods up
coming out of the lily pads ever like
that tail or something like that oh I
know what you talk about I don't know
what they're called you guys probably
know but that was actually kind of funny
because I ended up just stumbling upon
it and I had to watch the video of our
proposal video to know which direction
to go you know joke the only thing I
couldn't find was what was the Wishing
Tree
or something like that it was the
wishing well and the midget you walk in
and it's that one tree like
but no one unless he walked up to fire I
thought it was oh yeah you're right I
did walk past it I couldn't find the
fountain because I remember that's the
one I've spilled water yeah exactly but
I almost missed the show I forgot to
tell you guys that because the uber out
there is very difficult like that for
some reason or another it's not as easy
to just pump place a pin because when
you place a pin because it's on the
opposite side of the road so every time
you place a pin you got a like remember
which side of the road you are being
from America I would always screw it up
and the guy would just keep driving best
and what ended up happening twice the
people would just drive past and I would
try to call him and they wouldn't
understand what I was saying for either
my phone wasn't working because it was
international and they kept passing so
they would cancel so the third one
finally got there and I got onstage but
then 15 minutes actually 10 minutes I'm
not exaggerating 10 minutes before we
had to go on stage and this is the other
funny thing so we were in the backstage
area just before within that 10 minutes
for one on stage and this guy comes in
and he just stands there with this girl
there just standing there and the guy's
just like staring at us and we're just
like kind of like hi how's it going wait
did we help you and then Duncan comes in
and we're like do you know Duncan he's
like no I was like you know the guys are
like no I never
Duncan was like can we help you with
something better like no we're just
checking out you know checking out the
room and stuff and then he flashes his
police badge he literally goes and we're
just checking it out and we're all just
like wait why is the year it was the
weirdest thing obviously thinking about
we know either there and the funniest
part of the entire situation guess what
we're doing play playing Nintendo we
were literally just playing Nintendo
nobody was doing no we're doing drinking
we're literally just playing Nintendo
the entire time which was the dorkiest
thing
okay so that's what I think is the
funniest thing about our band that I
love is that you know there's that yeah
we're literally the worst worst rocked
rock stars in the world or musician so I
don't like even saying rock stars but
we're literally the worst once I got
into tour bus people think you know on
the tour but you guys get to see it all
the time you think the tour bus is full
of like parties you know it's drugs and
rock'n'roll when you come on our tour
bus and we're all just chillin either
watching Michael meals or we're watching
the Patriot semi-pro or literally
playing Fifa or Madden stuff like that I
kind of just trailed off somewhere I
have no idea what I'm talking about
but anyway long story short before I
kind of go I'm going to try to brave
this a little bit more actually you know
what I'm gonna go Friday let's see if I
can do this
but before I say goodbye I just wanted
to say thank you to everyone actually
came out to the show it was it was a lot
of fun and okay you know what I think
the back I'm not going to do that
it was a lot of fun and I can't wait for
the next tour we have a summer tour and
a spring tour coming up so just look out
for that I'm sure you guys will know
either before me because I'm always the
last people to actually know this kind
of stuff but anyway I hope you guys have
a great day and thank you so much for
watching and have a wonderful night bye
guys
