good morning guys
welcome to what 3:00 a.m. looks like
3:30 I'm sorry live the thing is we're
now available so it's only gonna take a
couple hours at your home which is
really cool or a place like five or
something like that so I'm not going to
get home until 8 o'clock which is
amazing career travel time
that is amazing versus like you know
being up so early and then having to
wait and wait and wait and wait Frankie
Kallie not really you know you've been
at the airport too early when securities
and I even open good morning security
guys around it so the second I got here
I think sirs this yours what did I do
is that a gun I'm like no apparently
they had to strap in multiple times just
in case it was but in all the years
seven years they've been flying with his
bad
I suck right in guys are the worst guard
dogs ever super happy then you're like
up Shree later I see the kitty I love
you guys see her underneath the door
she's moving all right I'm so tired
you saw yesterday I had like three hours
three half hours of sleep can you guys
scoot over yeah I would like to sleep
next to my wife is that okay with you
Zoey shake don't you sleep mixing me
those years okay I'll see the crazy one
uh there's yes he certainly look like a
ferret
she's that Belly morning what do you
been up to get your medicine oh the
belly is Little Buddha yeah yeah go find
mom um I just got home my night went and
got the cat that's like cool little like
scratch post because who noticed that
she's starting to scratch a mite a
little bit and we're trying to prevent
that we'd rather do it on something like
that rather than on our furniture or on
our bodies so I wouldn't got the thing
like seven dollars from TJ Maxx and I
can hear her using it right now so I
think she really likes it she seems like
a disregard how dirty it is in here I
had to clean this up today but you seem
happy with the hat do you like it all
right I think I made a good purchase
here kitty cat I cannot believe how 30
you made this room though my girl she
has some dates where she doesn't like to
eat from the actual plate that's why
yesterday we got a sauce doing it with
the dropper but today she seems to be
fine eating from the plate so I don't
know if it's just her being stubborn or
if this is you know her kind of missing
her mom so I also got her a blanket
that's very similar to the one that she
was needing hopefully that will having
give her a little bit of comfort because
I do feel so bad that she you know she
isn't with her mom right now so trying
to address her very well to the family
and it seems to be going good seems to
be going good
if you get don't buy her toes remember
we're working on this we're working on
this no that's even worse honey she
loves it
he is not afraid of the camera she's
like I love it today is kind of a fun
day for nerds out there today iOS and TV
OS 11 come out so I get to update
everything and just have new operating
systems I know that sounds completely
idiotic to a lot of people and it is but
all you nerds out there new operating
systems are always so nice how do i do
on that see the operating system we're
gonna update that and I'm going to
update my phone my iPad and all that fun
stuff the operating system for the mouth
the back one doesn't actually come out
yet so I have to be kind of patient yep
never moment
I got to go mail out a bunch of stuff
and rather than take the cars I figured
I'd take the golf cart and bring the
little dogs no that sounds stupid but
for some reason I feel like is there so
intuitive that they might get that way
so it's important that we get you know
spoiled time I guess you could call it
plus what human being does not like
driving a golf cart so much more fun
like driving a car
hey turd she keeps going under the couch
and popping her head out so I could use
your help
dad's up she's coming for that tail now
I really started something bad and
that's not creepy
stop going under there so he tell you to
stop to do this but go for it go for it
let's go don't go back under there no I
know this this looks like denticles to
her come here come here
I see so perhaps where'd she go there
she is
look at that it's identical I know you
guys keep saying you want to see more of
this little gateau and she is definitely
getting a personality and she's getting
a little bit more feisty like she's
actually starting to roam around the
house she keeps going after his odious
feet and you're being such a good dog
you know what I really want to teach
this cat how to walk on a leash I think
that would be the funniest and actually
a pretty cool thing if you guys have
ever done that and know how we can make
a cat walk on a leash because I could
just see that three dogs and a little
kitten or a cat because she probably
won't do as a kitten
she's probably what tag sorry so you had
no idea she was behind you did you so I
guess it was about two weeks ago give or
take when hurricane Harvey hit Texas in
the United States and did that whole
horrible horrible devastation we started
the CTFxC we started this this I guess
is a crowdfunding raiser and a fund
raiser essentially for those that were
affected by hurricane yeah exactly right
there sorry I was having hard too bad
bad luck what we were doing was we made
that really weird painting I suppose a
face painting what Allie and I did that
thing we're painting each other's faces
we smeared it on a actual canvas and a
girl won because what we did was
everyone who donated basically it was
like a raffle ticket so today we're
actually gonna be writing the check for
a total of two thousand four hundred
forty-three dollars to ameriCares
and the goal was only a thousand and you
guys completely surpassed that I just
wrote the check now and I'm about to
mail it off but I just wanted to show
you guys there we go guys two thousand
four hundred forty three dollars
americares CTFxC for texas this is
because of you guys everyone give
yourself a little pat on the back on
this one you patting yourself on the
back you you did and you painted your
face allowed me to paint her face
yep a stew made your face
and his own thing isn't he
he's done hanging out with a grandma and
I went walking with my mom tonight when
I picked up diesel we I ran to a lady
and she's walking her cute little dog I
don't know what kind are it was and I
was like well can I pet your puppy
because you know we're still getting to
know each other so I'm not really sure
how his demeanor is I rescued him the
day before the hurricane really she
adopted him but she's like I rescued him
a day before the hurricane she's like
we're still getting used to each other
this is one of our first blocks but he
seems to be doing really well it was
funny they walked up to me I pet him and
then we walked wait I turned around he
would be like smile really big adjuchas
I guess he likes you that's dumb service
really cute
so I found this when I was looking
through everything and we all know Zoey
likes it but the cool thing is we
haven't tried it with Rika yet so I want
to try that a little bit later and see
if she likes it so you diesel doesn't
like it he doesn't care
Marley doesn't like it either doesn't
care so he loves it
it's on your it's like the most like
playing face you can have
most of the motionless face he's
smelling something very foul your chin
disappears they're back I love those
things so much just think about me for
those
that's right we were really gonna get
married in October
yeah October 11 but we decided to push
it up significantly which I'm actually
very happy March 3rd nope
11th 3:11 I think your birthday is going
up there
3:11 your vlog we decided that we were
gonna push it up a lot more because I
think if we would have done it I think
this dress would have just like taking
the entire year versus like getting it
one and done I think you don't change
your mind
yeah I just give more time to like
adjusting when I was a kid that used to
always freak me out
no no no no
I'm gonna fight my wife in a second how
he got me in my kneecap baby want some
beef let me give you some beef or a beef
stick you want some beef these want some
beef these what are you talking about
it's just a beef stick why are you being
so perverted begins some tiny beef
sticks so eggs are still scarce milk is
still scarce
and it's been like two weeks that's kind
of crazy like all the chickens in the
house disappeared
we're moving out of Florida apparently
all the bread the frozen breads gone
still got a lot of beer where's your
laser pointer with show wanna show Rica
how to play with this thing was right
there you go
she likes it
you know what's really funny about this
is probably six or something years ago
maybe longer I made a video on the
Charles Trippy channel when Zoe was a
puppy was it like puppy versus laser or
something like that I'm just kind of
getting a flashback now with this little
guy this is how you guys are gonna bond
you the faith all right guys well it is
time to say good night I hope you
enjoyed today's video and I will see you
guys tomorrow
good night
