I forgot my sunglasses they're gone too
far no I'm cranky I want to go in that
room do you think that's like worse
Scrooge McDuck is he's just like laying
in the pile of money it's diving in
alright so this is when I asked the
doctor if we can bring the GoPro and
apparently I need to do a urine sample
so I'm currently making some more urine
TMI guys TMI this is an interesting take
a shower every day for three days but
avoid your private area have you had any
recent lost money trouble and/or stress
in that life can we put brain yeah yes
circles dress and rat brain tumor and I
really want to write ello ello ello ello
I think that would be appropriate if I
was supposed to go pee in a cup always
something that always weirded me I did
it was like some weird guy who's just
like harvested peed his lumpy
well I just finished all the pre-op crap
I have two hours gonna take a nap and
then go back for more then come back
then an MRI and then come back going
back and forth I wish it was just all at
one place but what no
I got good news guys i just got it had a
meeting with our surgeon and he has
given me the a okay to bring you guys
into the surgery so because my other
surgeon knows how neurotic or like
fidgety I guess I am and he said that I
could bring it in and vlog this you know
I'm always vlog and this is the hand I
have to keep moving
so I will be vlogging and filming during
all those motions I'm bringing the
camera and with the UH with me it
shouldn't be anything disgusting don't
worry it's not the scumbag of a brain or
anything he's gonna have a drape and
stuff like that but that'll that'll be I
guess that'll be a first
vlogging term brain surgery I think it
will be the first for the internet we've
done quite a few really weird things but
we've never done right and we're back
yeah we're back sorry Lauren they've got
better so I learned very early in our
relationship but that if I have terrible
handwriting for any forms Ally
we'll do it because I had bad
handwriting Jim it's better than yours
these always make me so paranoid we have
been sitting in this waiting room for
like two and a half hours ahead is going
to go through the wall I'm just gonna
help I hope you put it to the wall yeah
I shouldn't be whining but we're just
like starving angry time again we've
reached that level it's DEFCON five
hundred nuclear war is imminent Shay's
actually on his way here now
so awesome imminent imminent did I say
eminent nuclear war is Eminem we're
tricking my brain into thinking I'm
eating by taking a tiny bites of my gum
mint Cuban sandwich mint pad thai I made
it I'm here and it's always okay it's a
little bromance
I'll just go away so she came he is my
my second Rock other than my rock wrote
in my journal last night on the airplane
because whatever I'm like flying or like
traveling's in a lot of journal I like
to write I know like a real wonder
what's writing and it hurt my hand like
half of me ya know like I'm not used to
writing write who writes anymore with
less than you wrote he writes all my
forms there anyway so I was saying that
you were the very first person I ever
met and became like friends with on the
Internet I feel like we're becoming
those like like uncles to the two guys
on the Anna telling the same story in
the same vlog like four times a year
every time we're together like yeah we
were friends you know last night I was
vlogging Britta's heard she was dead
you've told them that before I shut off
the noises like E is a good dubstep
thing right and it has a banging noise
and it was driving me crazy because what
it would do would be like this it being
on time then it'd be like
I crazy but apparently what it's doing
is when it's doing this you're it's
flattening your atoms this google google
this internet there you have a frequency
and it flattens them so it's like like
this right now and then when it stops it
goes back and crazy and then when it's
offbeat is once it sends it back to the
thing music on for me and then all of a
sudden I hear check yest you yeah lost
my keys are in cracking I really pooped
it in the MRI cost extra person to stop
explained was going to hundred dollar
cleaning fee now we're gonna go meet mr.
Noles
no not his fault no one asked him why
his name is not yeah anyone remember
that
interworld I think that it's called a
lionfish Holly thinks it's called a
zebra fish oh yeah South American
striped gill monger fish that actually
might be right the bread turkey fish or
zebra lion know that she's knew that
wait wait so does that mean birthday can
I tell you why this animal present
slowly push you out of the way
so technically out are we both and she's
the only one it's rotten whale scientist
or of mine I'm fired fired
mister no you can't beat him after
midnight or get water on me should we do
it again yeah so this gentleman wanna
shave in my first started at all man
YouTube friends serious yeah it may
remember me from in public and thousand
four masters rivaling that is it you
snuck up that you used to be the first
result on fart my parents were so
creative she's blogging for me good yeah
I'm intern hey subscribe to YouTube that
hunts like Shaytards check out my weight
loss channel you do a lot there's many
of his viewers I don't feel like there's
any of our viewers that don't know each
other like gatherings and I always happy
but how do you find my videos like I'm
like that's it yeah yeah check out a
million yeah I love you guys get Charles
James radner's get a thumbs up this
video that helps 25 of them cuz I get a
free pair of Shaker Argyle
millions we subscribe to him on YouTube
I want you to subscribe to him awesome
yes that you're awesome see our waiter
thinks he's off you're one short now
what you get Patsy you said see me
appreciate the small things
there you go no gentlemen we're late
yeah get in there
you need to be on the spin cycle for 30
minute didn't we do this to Yoshi
anyone got a quarter hit the light
switch did you prove yourself
I have to wake up and all four five five
o'clock what time this is my mid
blow-dry hair okay it's a fried 4:30 so
I think the surgery is like 7 or 8
o'clock in the morning what we're gonna
do this might sound crazy just go with
me
so I'm going to be vlogging as much as I
can
I don't know cuz I'm gonna be awake and
I guys gonna be out having me do a bunch
of stuff I'm gonna obviously try not to
make it super gross but I'm also
bringing my phone so I'm going to try to
tweet just to keep my mind distracted so
and so is ally so make sure to follow
Ali and myself on Twitter and then that
way you can get updates on what's going
on it's just like doing a little bit
that so I will see you guys tomorrow
um good vibes send good vibes and send
good vibes I'll see you guys tomorrow
don't forget to subscribe if you guys
have it tomorrow's gonna be a doozy of a
video and then we'll get this stupid
bring this log out of my freaking head
and kick it to the curb and then stop on
it and then run it over with a
steamroller that sounds about right
all right love you guys I'll see you
guys tomorrow
wait
a birthday yes
giddy with trippy
where CBS
with champion early
you
