since it's Marley's birthday we got to
go get her a little puppy cake the puppy
cake every that's fine
Oh give it to me all right we gotta find
some stuff that she's gonna want they
don't ever have those little squeaky
ball sets she really likes since their
middle names cheese Marley cheese did a
bunch of those get a bunch of those
fancy ones cheese are these Reese's ones
there's a birthday cake couple cake
there we go it's delicious I want to eat
I want to eat this so no he's like stop
eating my cupcake stop eating my cupcake
poor Polly it went a little bit uh I
mean Zach he's just like you know what's
going on okay happy birthday Molly it's
a little party lovely party Marley you
have to let go you can't eat the whole
Harley Marsh
Marc Marc you're eating the paper your
stolen
take the paper off flower hat okay ready
can we do it now what give a piece of
sister that's rude there you go oh look
at all on her face
Marley come in Marley it's all over your
face you're guilty let's look at this
yeah you can have this it's on the
camera it's on the camera oh my gosh
look at her face Marley come here let me
see your face good girl Zoe you're so
gentle no no
you are such a crack being they want
happy birthday
make sure you clean up after that mess
yeah I got a little left here you're
just like more MORE
I just just a little bit a little bit
taste a little taste okay
no I'm filming this because we aren't
gonna lie we never lied on the feet we
just looked on Twitter and CTFxC answers
our buddy who knows like more about our
lives than we do responded to someone on
Twitter saying Marley's birthday was
November 14th and not September 14th so
now we don't know what there ahead sir I
think what happened was like we didn't
know for a long time and then last year
sometime we discovered some paperwork
but then thinking more I think the
paperwork was wrong and that's why today
is Marley's birthday if she's passed to
go find the paperwork you wanna go look
at it no because today is gonna be the
day I don't want to do it any other day
just making it Charles is inventing
Marley's birthday today it's today now
they were the toaster strudel
it totally does look like that ghetto
closest rule it makes it go happy we'll
go swimming let's go what's going to
pool come on all right your birthday
what do you want to do you know you
can't do that what else do you want to
do she thinks she thinks she can just do
whatever she wants Marley one more time
what what what if you could do anything
in the world on your birthday
what do you want to do whatever so we
leave for tomorrow for Boston Marley's
birthday Zoey's chilling just kind of
relaxing today because kind of freaked
out because I don't know obvious obvious
reasons being freaked out but I know I
shouldn't be because we're literally
going best doctors in the world but
still little freaked out
so kind of trying to relax a little bit
take my mind off of things
drop it my mark please don't make me get
up and get oh you little butthole you
are a butthole
like having a weight on okay yeah marlis
too fast go go oh my that is the cutest
thing I've ever seen
you just lounging great until your hair
gets stuck huh
know what I want to do eat some macarons
and share look I mean macaroni and
cheese that's just my like really stupid
way of saying it dudes that ever happen
to you guys you just got like an extreme
craving for macaroni and cheese Aaron
hey I hate that word already
hankerin I got a hankerin what's the
weather like in Boston and I got a serve
Massachusetts between today and Thursday
okay so it's pretty cold so I got to
start packing and Zoey and Marley are
starting to freak out a little bit
come here Zozo come it's okay can I go I
wish you could like what do I pack I
guess since I'm I shave my head I gotta
bring some hats and some be nice for my
bald head
this sucks just got home too well I
guess the easy thing is I'm going to be
in that what was I last time I was at
the ICU for three days and then I think
I was just in hospital gowns for like
three days so I guess that's the
positive I guess if you have to have a
positive end the thing is that uh I
don't have to really pack much yeah
that was pretty easy a lot easier than
packing for tour that's for sure
actually checking for tour is this
literally be going here
I'm just throwing it in so I buy I've
randomly found this online the greatest
pillow fort or ever so this way I know
if it was steals my my pillow on tour no
one will dare because oh he will be
watching that's a real thing the real
pillow case that I want to prevent
amazing is that funny I love the
Internet
well we haven't been in our little
secret forest in a while remember this
place hey you guys still used to like
the poop all over the place so you were
gonna go with a rap on that one hey
that's bill I can read that weird
placement no I was packing you know all
my stuff and there's this pocket my my
bag that's kind of like this hidden
compartment and it felt like a hose
right I pull out grimace
somebody put grimace in my freaking
backpack so all I have to say is thank
God we didn't have to fly and that
didn't go through the oh that goes with
the carry-on
sorry Senate tax basically same little
soccer player little Pele well I don't
know it's maybe it's allowed I've never
seen it happen
all right Marley say good night we had
to do the traditional doggy start the
birthday star okay Julie can I please go
to bed now tomorrow morning we head to
Boston Monday we have the first MRI and
the follow-ups and stuff the pre-op
Tuesday the 17th is actually when the
surgery happens I'm going to ask Monday
I'm trying to think of how to like
phrase it to be like hey so you want to
just put this camera right here my hand
and then see if I can film I don't know
how to do it yet so fingers crossed that
I'm allowed to do it also obviously
figures across the head everything is
a-okay just it's kind of cool because
it's giving me something to take my mind
off of things you only mean like it
sounds stupid to vlog while you're
having brain surgery but it's so simple
but it like keeps me like from actually
thinking about everything if that makes
any sense
you
so tomorrow we had what time we have to
go 5:00 a.m. 5:00 a.m. if you're
brand-new to these videos please click
Subscribe we are so so close to a
million like every day I can't believe
it just keeps growing and growing we're
almost there keep telling your friends
and yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow as
always have a great night and I love you
all bye guys
Holly said boobs you should have said
vagina I guess
wait
worse yet
giddy what y'all trippin
with Josephine
