when are you - I didn't even know Zoe
was there until I turned the corner both
these girls why are you so lazy rainy
day oh is it a bra their bra right now
you know what guys that's something I
want to talk about what is the deal with
the stigma with a bra versus a bathing
suit phase wise stop please stop
boobie why is it worse to see someone in
their underwear than in a bathing suit
I guess cuz it's like if it's like
lingerie okay if it's like sexy
underwear different story but it was
just like normal underwear it's because
not that weird I'll tell you it's
because boobies boobies I'm the reason
why that's the reason this is
appropriate rain rain rain songs are
rain dance
you know this is what we got to do when
we got to do boring stuff like the bank
and other very boring post office e
things excuse me sir excuse me sorry
this is our leg could you please get out
of our lane
thank you girl you love that what so it
just goes right in your lane just like
kind of just dudududududu sort of thing
in the world all right ever since I was
little this has been my favorite thing
lollipops
I would always go to the bank just for
this and you know like when you go
through the drive-through and then they
always like drop them in there and now
when I go it's funny because they give
my dogs then when hello a cop's dog
treats and now I'm a reward for big
people stuff white lollipop now I wait
where Ali goes to the cleaner and does
her big girl stuff bored bored bored
bored and now I wait while Charles goes
into his post office does his big-boy
stuff bored
bored like the son
boid I got the new bands the rubber
bands for ya the pinball machine so now
I'm sorry now this is going to get real
it's gonna be so much harder those I'll
show you Internet how old those bumpers
are like eleven years old
I gotta be I gotta be I gotta be I gotta
be I gotta pee I gotta pee I got to pee
I gotta pee again we never get me I got
me gonna be I'm gonna be I'm gonna be a
guy
I gotta pee gotta go got it now get up I
gotta be I think the eye helps I gotta I
gotta be so grew big dead of salad and
panini what you do and now this is my
food not your food you eat don't be shy
matter I'm just messed up my flow we
have to fight now you do not have well
well you do not have chips
first world
well if it's already sorted you have to
swallow oh really
the little red nozzle didn't include you
into where they're going go for the
perfect swirl
I have no vanilla
oh the perfect you I'm not getting in
the car at that I should have just done
that it's already like that that's what
it means what's a swirl idiot all right
now the real challenge is gonna be eat
it in ten seconds when you ate that
Wow how did you do that how about that
breathing right down so countin welcome
seventeen honey
no come on honey you need the reward
what you plan on doing you can't drive
from this side we're not Brit Brit Brit
lamb gift come on now just a little
chocolate did you do Japanese good good
I ate an ice cream cone in 30 seconds
that's kiss what do you mean that's kiss
worthy
I'm gonna go I feel sick
so guess whose birthday is tomorrow
whose birthday is it yours is it your
birthday your birthday's in December
yeah we know it's your birthday we know
it's your birthday
she's like swimming party come on
pool party what do you want for your
birthday a clean pool we're putting it
away that's what you want for your
birthday I don't know if we can get that
notice for that how about something else
I don't know can we get that that legal
alright that's a little bit more
affordable all right grab it thank you
come on Zoey your turn Jess keep
swimming just keep swimming come on
lizard you gonna save you now okay you
want free O'Reilly let's get Zoey oh
come on this is what's up is that well
that is that thing that Mothra foxtail
hey what does the Fox say
can you just imagine me now the
grandpappy 40 years old like older
somebody Photoshop you really
right now does not screams not scream
how can this guy do any work with this
hat all the way over his face yeah a lot
of people of the internet have a real
big problem with me in my hat always
being on sides for some reason ever
since I was little if I do this I just
feel weird it's got to be on an awkward
thing just I have a weird head shape
it's just more comfortable it's more
comfortable guys look at that big sack
I've had a lot of a lot of sugar today
what this you know what chivalry is dead
okay well we just got the screen dennis
is helping us fix that and immediately
this listen started yelling at me to get
in the pool he dropped it okay go for it
it's so adorable it's about eight
o'clock
in every single time at eight o'clock
their internal clocks start kicking in
and they just start hovering over here
you guys just love me and always want to
be around me is that what's going on
time to replace this so if you guys look
this is what how broken these these
rubber bands are look at this one so
that's this is one of the old ones oh my
gosh check it out disgusting that is
just as is the Volvo let's find that new
one what are you doing you're trying to
move your little flashlight I got you
get them askew so you can pick with what
you hit me in the head that's not very
nice really try the new thing
did you wet it it's so loud are you
doing I was thinking this really grimy
look at this this is hard give her a
taste out give er a taste give her a
little taste look I'm looking because we
dropped a rubber piece in here and that
speaker is magnetized at night my thing
got stuck was like dude I was like this
is actually a lot harder than I think we
originally anticipated to the world of
pinball makers we salute you and I don't
know if you guys can tell the after but
it's like a brand new awesome
so clean look at all the dizziness Zoe
it's time to go to bed dude you can't
keep staring at she's just staring at
that thing like come on it'll turn on I
promise
waiter
yes
which all trippy
with Gianelli
don't forget
you
