rain rain go away rain rain go away make
it go away
temple a hick yes so this time for the
surgery I'm not shaving my head again
cuz that looked like a cue ball so I'm
gonna just get a haircut so that way I
have some even hairs get in the fade
don't get any ideas I just have to show
you guys so funny Charles completely
missed part of his beard they're so long
compared to the rest that is pretty that
is not final
that is a style choice Sara just rocked
it rocked it thanks girl now to shave it
oh my god now
what is that you go under that like when
you have oil like was it drawn
surprise my makeup is done now I just
went into the MAC store at my favorite
mall and they were so sweet and she did
my whole makeup and it looks awesome so
you Claire
hey hey what do you want well I don't
want to give you a cookie come on you've
been pretty quiet and pretty polite for
the last couple weeks
well you seriously need to watch your
language you can't talk to me like that
okay now you're over there I just took
you outside really you're gonna say
those things do you want this cookie
okay you want it I want you to
breakdance for it break its break it's
all the way there we go
be a dinosaur rawr hey sexy hair hey
gonna let me shave a penis in the side
of your head again though is it like
Magnum Magnum funny yes it has been such
a long time since I've made myself pasta
and broccoli oh god I'm excited about
this and actually I I posted a video
about this a really long time ago on my
channel it's a really easy broccoli
recipe I don't know why that looks like
that every single time I see that it
freaks me out on camera when I talk
about it cuz it is bright red but on
camera it looks like ultraviolet but
yeah if you guys want to check that out
it's actually on my channel youtube.com
slash Ally I kind of haven't posted
anything in a while but I have a few ask
alleys on there about cooking and the
brothy recipe is really easy and it's
delicious so you know what trust me if
you didn't like broccoli before I
promise you will after that I also while
I'm waiting for my pasta I thought I
should you know take the time to ask you
guys what is like the guideline for when
something becomes a certifiable
addiction because whenever I'm not
playing The Simpsons pinball I'm
thinking about it and when I am playing
it I'm thinking about the next time that
I can play it I think I might have a
real real problem but it's so much fun
and you know what like I was telling
Charles one of my favorite games of all
time was pokemon pinball on the gameboy
color and I had like a top score like 5
billion in that game and it was so much
fun it was my favorite game that I ever
played on my gameboy color and like
everybody hated that game like I don't
know anybody else that like that game
but it was so much fun and I never in my
life that I would want to own a pinball
machine but it's something that Charles
had talked to me about since we started
dating like he's always talked about the
simpsons pinball machine and how much he
loved it now that I'm watching The
Simpsons more and now that I have like
this newly discovered love for like
actual pinball
it's it's a game changer and possibly
like a social life ender what are you
doing oh you know you're on camera do
you let me itch let me get hold on okay
I'm ready so funny today I've gotten so
many texts and phone calls from family
to friends being like is everything okay
is everything okay because the vlog as
you guys figured out probably from
yesterday's video I don't know what
happened with YouTube but it's right now
7:30 at night and the video is still
processing I'm trying to part two it's
just not working done goofed if you
didn't see yesterday's video in your
subscription box this is why so make
sure go check out yesterday's video but
it's but I just thought it was funny
this is how people know if everything's
okay if the videos online I'm okay if
video is not online everyone panics
everybody panic I'm just laying my sheep
could you please come on so let's go
panic outside everybody panic alright
going on a nice little late-night walk
we haven't actually gotten to go on a
walk since before tour and now we
leaving it what a couple days but yeah
like I mentioned earlier today the
reason why I was getting a haircut
because I know a lot of people were
asking me on Twitter was because I'm not
gonna actually blast him
I didn't shave my head but afterward I
shaved all those like like fades and
penises in my head and now to do that
really crazy mohawk it grows fast but it
took for freaking ever I think by the
time like the simple plant or is when it
started like growing back I think mid
mid warped or so this time my game plan
is to cut it short like this and then
hopefully kind of evens itself out I try
not to think about it too much because
it's a really scary thing if you really
think about it I'm not too too freaked
out and it really helps like reading all
the comments and the tweets and all that
stuff from you guys really helps me like
take my mind off of things come out here
with the dogs every once in a while take
nice little walks but you know I'm not
gonna not gonna try to hide it and yeah
I just wanted to say thank you to all of
you guys for being there virtually for
me it's what's even crazier is almost a
million of you guys and it means a lot
so I just want to say thank you and just
think about that that alone you know
that there's an army of CTFxC ears
behind me to have my back like almost a
million of you guys and it's awesome
that is that's an unbelievable
unbelievable thing to say out loud
alright we got to use them satisfied
Marlee satisfied are you comfortable
what do you guys want from the store
Marlee did i disturb you she's like oh
you woke me from my nap so I'll just
resume my nap in a different place
oh yeah which ants mice came oh that was
part of the weirdest face I've ever seen
you make I love what do I see it I had a
really bad habit of doing that I used to
always go like this I all the time I had
a twitch and my mom's your twitch that
and my mom always tried to get me to
stop doing it let you give me mints and
gum and her like she would give me
chapstick she thought I might be doing
because of my lips so you want that hold
your upper lip under your upper teeth or
under your upper yeah yeah yeah do you
know my twitch well I've talked about
this video yes wait when you go like
this on your phone you go
or if I'm doing something like really
crazy concentrating you know that's not
a twitch that that's just your default
face this is like something you don't
even realize you're doing
all the time like a Swiss roll the
treadmill
this is what you do late at night when
you're bored
a 7-eleven run this is like an
equivalent of a Florida wah-wah run
we're like Jessie Medina right now we're
like the dope fresh nation but we're
doing a 7-eleven it doesn't sound as
good Marley yeah excuse me ma'am would
you do somebody's bossy pants today we
immediately get back home and Marley's
already going back to bed oh I'll see
you girls later
why would you get I'll take that it's
not a good sign of my dog doesn't want
this oh my god I don't really know if I
should probably do that like she's gonna
do it
Wow you probably shouldn't need Zoey
that's crazy
now to make a nice little root beer
float oh yeah snow the snow here's a
fine line between a good root beer float
and a bad one you got it like you had to
drink it superfast otherwise it just
gets weird are you in your secret spot
this is the place that Zoey goes
whenever she gets nervous because of the
weather or if anybody's feeling bad or
if anybody gets upset this is her spot
your favorite place look what Oh what
look you drive it serious and just keep
Charles and your thoughts I mean he's
fine he's doing great and he's gonna be
fine and you guys are already amazing
sending all your support and love but
just get us there really penis penis
okay that's appropriate we'll see you
guys tomorrow as always bigot balls
wait
psst
with y'all trippin
with chakra pin
Zoe
you
