quick staring contest go you lose
staring contest go go go you both lost
so I'm pretty stoked because today we
have the pool guy coming because we're
gonna be redoing this pool for obvious
obvious reasons so no longer will it be
this green lagoon hopefully it doesn't
rain so you can still come it's a baby
dragon
with the Photoshop sky how do we get
okay we got to figure how to get this
guy no don't turn in it got stuck the
dragon flag don't dragonflies have a
like a lifespan of like that's like a
day they trying to get out I'm trying to
save him to give him a do and do it
there's another idiot Oh No
well it's our fault our screen is broken
idiot tell your buddy who's an idiot to
come out two idiots you do not want to
spend your day right here come on there
we go all right there we go
all right okay now there's a beat now
damn it what do I do is I use your
thumbs I need your help you were free
dragonfly you're welcome
all right what other idiot needs to be
saved the debatable thing there's a wasp
do you save the wasp for possible Karma
later in life then maybe it sees you and
goes yeah he saved me I'm not gonna
sting him in the ass what would you guys
do tell me in the comments would you
save the wasp and the two other damn
dragonflies for fossil karma or would
you just leave them ready number two
baby dragon number three this is for
some serious karma dude oh boy tell your
brothers and sisters never to sting me
in the butt hey so you're gonna be good
why I go to Boston get surgery
she's gonna do that that's cool so I
don't know if I told you guys we have
the official date for the surgery it's
gonna be September 17th which I guess
that's written on the core that's like
next Monday open brain surgery part DOS
leave it to Zoe to lighten the mood
Decco oh no have you ever wondered what
dogs sniff like when they just put their
nose and their ears and everything up in
the air okay they just like go like that
like a whiff of you know like a breeze
which smells subway or something like
that but it's like all of a sudden
there's a whiff of Subway we're just
like up yeah
yep there's a subway around here but to
them they smell like every single thing
Plus probably the life of a dog nice
nails I forgot about what I mentioned
the other day in the vlog I can barely
remember what it was so I am sorry if
I'm repeating myself because of that
medicine I was on made me a little bit
loopy well what they're gonna end up
doing is the last time when they opened
they did this surgery I was asleep so
they couldn't get too close or get to
get they basically couldn't get
everything right I'm sorry I'm having to
deal with Zoe just being a goofy little
dog right now so it's hard for me to
stay this bad get distracted they
couldn't get too much because I would be
being asleep I couldn't respond anything
and they could Nick something and then I
could have paralysis on the left side of
my my body because they're working on
the right side you know it's always the
opposite it's kind of it's crazy to
think but I'm going to be awake for this
surgery not in the sense that I'm awake
like this now talking like you know I'll
be sleeping of like I'll wake up or like
hey what's going on we go in my you know
my brain look at this not like that
awake but if they go lift your left hand
up move your left fingers blah blah blah
blah I'll be able to respond so that way
they can go or I should mess with this
or no I shouldn't mess with this what
they're gonna end up doing is asking me
move around and I'm going to try I'm
definitely gonna try to put a GoPro in
my hand and like let's have it my hand
and vlog and when they say move your
left
and I want to move my left hand with a
GoPro in my hand no idea if that's
actually gonna be able to happen but
damn sure I'm going to be asking my
surgeon and that is possible so
September 17th is the day of the surgery
so mark that on your calendars guy I
mean I'm nervous with any surgery
whether it be like you know like dental
surgery or anything but you know it's
got to be done and I'm hoping that this
is the end of all these stupid seizures
because I can't be going to like the
bank and having a seizure or going with
Ally errands and waking up and just
being like freaking everyone out you
know
so hopefully this gets rid of it and
it's the end of it right that way we can
party all the time
whoo that was a lot of stuff but I'll
find out more stuff and I'll let you
guys know firsthand if you're not
already make sure to follow myself and
Ally on Twitter both on the screen just
puked it both on the screen so that way
you're updated even more so but for any
information we know and it's an iron oh
my god it's so cute
let me see there's oh my god there's a
steamer cuts are crawling iron
I love the Travel section usually get
that for char oh bloody bones that's
such a nice candy to offer people coming
I think every time we got together come
on another dragonfly you guys are dumb
we're done
nope she totally disobeyed you yeah it
used to be when they were little the
laser pointer now it's out the bone
how's the ball in the pool all right so
does your probiotics for your stomach so
you stop grumbling holy crap she ate it
and this is your treat she were tricked
that was medicine whoa tricked he broke
it are you gonna D I don't know but you
get one more till every all is reversed
why what is going on Alli might beat the
master champion no that's okay Zoe Ali
but you still might do it okay what do
you want what do you want what is she
thinking like what is she thinking you
are going oh my all around the corner to
see what's going on Marley is up here
nose into the chicken yep
did she do that you're smart since we
haven't baked anything since we got back
from tour Ali got caramel apple cupcakes
no just cake we're gonna make these into
cupcake these look like cupcakes
paper-rock-scissors I don't have any
cupcake liners I do I don't know yeah we
can we can do party hats right paper
rock scissors paper rock scissors shoot
damn it there to go like oh gotta do
that overall I got something lol he
don't know look what we have mr. Bose
himself and I just have to show you this
okay there's Zoe hanging out with she's
hanging out with Scott and then here's
Marlee still trying to figure him out
we're trying to show him what the deal
on this oh wait I'm gonna have to tell
you ally is now the Grand Master 55
million lawyers
Danny you have to evolve look at this
they want to go to bed so bad
do not turn it no I'm going to bed
they're just so sleepy there please go
to bed as a secret phrase for today
ally is obsessed I will see you guys
tomorrow
hope you guys enjoyed the video don't
forget to subscribe if you're new and
have a great night guys
love you all
wait
hey where's a psst
with y'all trippin
which are kept in a hurry don't forget
you
