good morning guys today the new iPhone
comes out oh right I gotta give it the
Apple right now like them or hate them
it says at the drive-in as an example
right now that is that is pretty bows
right
that's pretty bows it's like really best
Rosi bow see so we're gonna cancel that
doctor's appointment cuz I'm gonna watch
the new iPhone okay yeah and we're gonna
cancel it cuz I'm gonna watch this now
you're supposed to go to bathroom so we
can leave and you're just gonna gonna
sit down come on we got to go so I'm
watching the thing on my phone right now
and now there's gold silver and black
even gold
I think gold would be kind of kind of
tacky right yeah I think so what do you
guys think do you think the gold is kind
of tacky or do you think it's kind of
cool I feel like it's weird to say stuff
like that be you know like thing I don't
know a lot of guys with gold accessories
I don't know I think I would get the
silver if I get a new one what do you
guys think black gold or silver or one
of the five C's internet discussion time
5c or 5s gold or black oh there's a
sensor it seems like not tech high
fashion fashion
many come in you bring it puts down the
cerebellum terrible what is this / -
what does deserve an abridged surgeons
it's like okay so bring me the mold oh
crap look and then maybes like put it
away walk it said that they have the new
touch ID or something like that
fingerprint scanner so I've been not
your finger I've been where you ripping
your I had a callus that's like a
healthy that just means you're not gonna
be able to get into your phone so this
is Dennis's new toy it's a massive let's
stand next to it you're taking it all
apart you having fun during the summer
dimes okay there we go we got the
summertime's on your back oh that's the
poop roll the quick roll then to get up
and look that's the poop roll Marly
good-o she joked you she doesn't play
tag right when you take good what was
that noise go hey she doesn't play right
there your best friend the lizard I want
to eat them come on let me eat them
because they're dating interspecies
dating what'd you do did you beat it
again did you do it again actually
internet what do you want to put as a
message there oh my gosh in the comments
tell me what we should do for the
message right here here like what should
we write we have all these lines that we
could do it
we don't poop maybe we'll change it the
most thumbs up comment will just keep
changing it and then that that'll be the
new thing on that machine
oh whatever the funniest one is thumb it
up and the most thumbs up the one let me
know so I have an idea
remember the boo-boos Ella they'll be
got from a long time ago
it was in countless pranks against each
other I'm gonna try to find it and I'm
gonna blow it
what Polly's kicking butt at pinball
scare the crap out of her
alright where the heck is it it might be
in alleys that's alley score earlier
right there right look at this
34 million I'm gonna be keV whoever
Kevin oh my god Lauren 3ds and the water
if you've never seen the three years
prank one I love that in the description
watch them okay so Halle is in the bath
right now blowing is being my decoy and
claim
I'll be GoPro from this area
it feels like you're doing the family
guy you're obviously not too mad you're
still doing really good yes get out and
running around from the hunt you you
what you want to know something though
she's the one that gave me the megaphone
and your dad and your dad gave me this
one wait do it one time do it do it
quick
there's a boat that I run into a pier
what are you gonna do Keanu Reeves and
Sandra Bullock just saved up here
speed to one to ten scale was this worse
than the 3ds Frank or was this better I
think the other one was way worse the
30s Frank yeah you threw in the pool I
thought a big one in the pool you still
deserve because he threw a perfectly
wonderful 3d if you're knew that right
here on the screen is a 3ds prank I
pulled on Ally and I thought I was going
to die go watch that prank and then come
back and watch this and tell me more
pranks wait you pranked me the other day
oh that was so whore you thought
because it was mouse moving magically it
was a prank let that let the Internet
show you did you did prank me first oh
boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy someone
else come in it so well we'll be in
Boston huh
I want to play this in the hospital I
know when I get me I see you I just want
to play we're leaving in a Maserati
pulled in and I I'm making Ally turn
around so I can just show you this
parking job look at this parking job
what Oh d-bag dear madam you park like
an asshole so I opened the back to see
where Marley was and she's currently
protecting her dog food that your food
Marley
that's her food no taking it 34 did I
beat you I think you had wait that was
only ball one that was the only ball one
I know ally and I are being ridiculous
but we rediscovered something in our
relationship we have a undying love for
pinball we didn't know this and I think
I think we finally are gonna get the
Grand Master
this is kind of awesome and adorable
because you know when you're together
with somebody for so long and you're
like oh you know we know everything
about each other
we're rediscovering that this is
something we didn't know about each
other and we're both geeking out right
now I turn this off now can I turn it
off come here get her Joey attack attack
turn that off turn it off oh go to that
no no question of the day I just wanna
ask you guys if you're in a relationship
what is something that you discovered
late in your relationship that you both
share like a common thing obviously this
is pinball for us anyway subscribe and
check out the bonus prank video and I'll
suggest mom go to bed after this place
yeah
it's hardly wait
yes
with y'all trippin
it would be in early don't forget Zoey
Marley
you
