good morning guys we are on an adventure
super fun best ride through Times Square
this the second time we're taking a
giant bus through Times Square in the
last couple months I'm that kid
I'm the kid who's like crap goes rolling
up the bus and no one knows whose it is
we are here to watch the Jets actually
play the box there's kind of like my
home so this morning Dennis and I are on
an adventure to get a pinball machine
there's this pinball machine that I've
wanted since I was a kid just it's a
Simpsons pinball machine I found it
online so we're driving clear across the
country to country well I guess it's
kind of going on the other side of the
country when it comes to each oh yeah so
we're going on the coast clear across
the country of Florida cuz I can't drive
Dennis's volunteered to drive and Mike
my goals have a set up by the time Alan
gets home welcome to America guys where
it's perfectly acceptable and in fact
encouraged put your tailgate and drink
copious amounts of alcohol at ten
o'clock in the morning welcome to
football camera stops recording randomly
all the time I think it's still going
yep or so this is very good we're in the
sweet just one of cups movies look at
this place I'm not I'm not even in like
a quarter of this place so give it away
give me a tour this is your cribs Oh so
go so we go in here this is where we
have our drink and they look comfortable
of tosya as a sign if you guys want
chips and salsa it's a legit light-up
Tostitos on this your bar have our
beverages yeah preferably Pepsi better
cola oh yeah with hopefully some liquor
later this
is where we are going to watch the game
this is incredible
no one else I'm here they're
cheerleaders practicing
really awesome we're going to not listen
to the GPS and see if we can still get
to where we need to be right now we're
in what's called celebration which is
the basically Disney town if you guys
don't know what that is like is he made
an entire town all right in the comments
let's do our bets and see if we get to
where we need to be shade tree it's
right there it's really cool you just
came to talk to us a little bit about
play in the NFL it was really cool to
hear his story a lot of experience now I
have to do my have to do my haggling to
make sure I can get it all right guys
this is Austin from the Nationals in -
voiceover Ally trip he's over there
signing her life away so that she can be
fan enough because she is Tyler Oakley's
her accomplice thumbs up that your fan
enough
as I have a great dynamic we did it
these things are heavier than you
actually think like my hand look at my
hands
what are your hands look like
disgustingly uh Wow do we get a button
though this thing is like 500 pounds if
you ever wondered how heavy a pinball
machine is it's about 500 pounds I
didn't know this part fold it down or
cornholing it right now I have not
played this since college and every time
I played I was drunk so I don't remember
the rules but we're figuring it out why
are you trying to hit the nice lady
you're just like a disaster right now I
was recording that sporting event
doesn't actually exist unless you have a
hotdog that's how my days gonna go so we
have the machine however we are now in
the middle of Florida just in the middle
of Florida I have no idea where we're at
right now oh cool
they're all stretching and warming up
and doing what football dudes do it has
been a really long time since I've been
to an NFL game I think the last time it
went with like a Falcons game in Georgia
I don't remember where I was but I put
the ice cube in the iced tea I basically
did this remember
well apparently Matt and Kim you know
the musicians just posted this saying it
was awesome
so I just I wanted to show you guys
small world should I set this up so I
have to make all our friends is that a
show Casey my god who did we buy this
drunk been showcasing what did we buy
this from oh my goodness how happy are
you I'm overjoyed I remember playing
this exact same thing as a kid yeah kids
dream those are all credits let's count
how many times tunnel tom says the word
for shovel ready
that total was three before I was like
this is my second hot dog I'm not proud
of that
what is this workplace oh good
everyone good she's watched the food
game they're happening people things are
happening
we want okay so we have an announcement
Tyler is my husband in case you guys
haven't read I'm working it's like you
have a nice like wafting ply back wait
yeah we're together now we're together
now
OTP oh yeah sorry - Charles sorry I'm
sorry I'm not with Charles wait what do
you mean there you go there you go my
mom and my dad would let me have one ac
for for obvious reasons right so I'm
gonna tell my kids all the things they
want as a kid just to use that as
motivation to get as an adult
my mom is distracted by shiny stuff just
got back to my hotel and I'm going to
take nap first things first
I've been playing this thing for
probably six hours straight I'm addicted
look I even put blinky up there I don't
really have a lot of prized possessions
like material possessions that I'm
really obsessed with or like really like
my favorite thing I just don't really
get attached to that you what I mean
but when I can get something that I
wasn't able to a have or allowed to have
as a kid like the golf cart or a pinball
machine it's kind of like one of those
really cool moments to where you know
like I wasn't allowed to have it so I
made it happen
somehow you only mean like you want
something so bad and you figure way out
to glass side from stealing you figure a
way out to getting it you what I mean
and I guess what I'm trying to say is
like just use that as motivation because
you know as a kid I always thought I
would never have something or certain
things not even this but like if you
want something hard enough whether it be
a material possession or just something
in your life if you work hard enough you
there's no there's absolutely no reason
why you can't obtain
unless it doesn't exist and now you
didn't Ben you're just trolling me guys
this is happening when you're taking a
limo to dinner for no apparent reason
well actually for an apparent reason
we're like a group of too many people we
want to ride together cuz we're friends
but in all seriousness I just wanted to
say thank you so much to Monica and
everybody at mechanism you guys gave us
the best and sub whopping please stop
laughing you're making me feel bad it
has been a great night and thank you for
everybody you're not a good sober faker
this girl right here found me my crunchy
bar I owe her my life but yeah like it
kind of touched on earlier that was the
game I spent so much money at the arcade
this sorry about that
I'm really bummed that Charles didn't
get to come with me but I'm really glad
that he got to stay back with the girls
and with his family and kind of have
some nice downtime because he definitely
deserves that he's earned it I think
it's just really cool to like bill to
walk out my living room now and get to
play it whenever I want I want to know
your all-time favorite arcade game
whether it be a pinball game or other
than pinball I would have to say well
this the simpsons arcade game was pretty
awesome or Ninja Turtles turtles in time
that was pretty awesome if you could
have any arcade game in your house what
would it be
Ali comes home tomorrow so I'm
celebrating by eating some ice cream and
then falling asleep so hi we'll see you
guys tomorrow if you're brand new to
these videos don't forget to subscribe
and I will see you guys tomorrow as
always have a great night bye guys
waiter
yes
with Joe Trippi
with DNR we don't forget
you
