we done
tell them not how does it take you that
long to realize it was me I finally
Frank to you that's a pretty good well
the thing is that was hysterical
I saw you throwing your arms up and I
was like I have to record this but did I
finally kind of get you like finally you
gotta guide me but at the same time I
knew somebody was messing with it oh
sure you went straight to my Wi-Fi and
turn my Wi-Fi off yeah you something
that prank was over in like five seconds
but the thing is like turning off my
Wi-Fi doesn't turn off the Bluetooth a
mouse ah it is Bluetooth that's good
thank you
ah thank you finally Gina
haven't been able to get me but you just
did yeah Oh a challenge sir please stop
manhandling the dog she tries to take
the ball for me sorry okay I was there
I'm trying to think back in the vlogs if
there's ever been a situation where I'm
filming someone else and Marley's not
around and she doesn't come just
freaking bursting into frame and trying
to F here's another why don't I just say
after telling me you know we've been
filming for five years
zoey is always like plush toy plush toys
and all of a sudden I don't know who
gave her this sweet ball it's her it's
her thing is that one oh now you're
trying to play coy and act like we're
wrong a long time ago actually come over
here do you remember a long time ago
internet YouTube alley maniacally shot
me with a paintball gun but a hundred
thousand subscribers Ally shot me I just
looked
we are 98 thousand subscribers away from
1 million I am NOT shooting you again I
was just insane Internet if we have a
million or when we win or if we hit a
million subscribers do you want Ali to
shoot me with a paintball gun again or
should I shoot
ally with the pillow like an eye which
have a draw like you know like one two
three no okay I'll get shot in the back
I don't wanna get shot in the stomach
I'll shoot you you're so now I did not
sign up for this yeah you can do this we
were like 98 thousand put those damn
guns away
yep you're a little spider in the plugs
you're getting ready to leave you're
gonna have fun at least going New York
no the Zoey is sliding all over the
place
that's why Marley goes to the floor yup
I've experienced so the company
accidentally booked Ally with her maiden
name so Ally is at least speed trippy
cribs like it looks like it's my first
name no that's been tripping Epis big
ass bit trippy so luckily she has her
old college ID otherwise Ally
I'm just gonna go down I'll see you up
there I love you fun right here I'm
gonna go say hi to him now there is
going on look look look look look look
look
Marley's not wanting to eat her banana
so I put some cookies in there just
watch her face how disgusted she is by
this thing you look so disgusted Lauren
and my mom are taking turns baby
basically babysitting me right now
Ali was like alright well if I'm going
you're not staying at the house by
yourself I'm like Zoe Marley got me they
got me this works better for me because
look then you can get your mom to do
your laundry just make sure you fold
that right and you know hang it up on
the right side of them you know color
coding color clothes color code it and
everything
yeah I actually got like this
superficial it doesn't get any more
official than this and is my name and he
got on a fancy name tag at my place
because I'm really really sad that
Charles isn't here but super fun we just
got to our restaurant it's beautiful
it's bringing a tear to my eye oh yeah
heaven is a place on earth so here's
actually a good lesson guys if you're
ever at a dinner and you're choosing
people it is very critical to make eye
contact with the person I know with the
person with whom you're choosing that's
too many whiz show them show them I just
get in the middle of my contract oh oh I
come back to the audience cheers
beautiful what do you got Kobe what do
you got Kobe thing oh I got this Angry
Bird it's uh that's a pretty cool thing
that's it where we see people just jump
in oh never mind if you're new to these
videos make sure to like google for
underwater diving dog on this channel
and you'll see Zoe and Marley and Coby
his his name basically corkscrew six
feet underwater and dive straight
underwater I'll put a link down there in
the description if you're new to these
videos you can watch Kobe diving
straight underwater go
go this is Zoey blowing bubbles my ball
my ball my ball my ball ball ball ball
ball ball goes head now it's time their
backs with the knife nose yeah
spider-man had a game and he's from New
York City right up on there guys right
up on there real this has been nerd
facts with the mag nose here's the
danger of being in New York guys we're
walking and that's great and I love
walking but I have to pee like no other
so what are we gonna do about that
situation
so here is one of the best things about
the Mars crab I know what do they do a
popcorn free bomber with any drink that
you ordered a popcorn Oh
oh you want to tell me what you did you
don't want to tell me what you did with
that root beer wow that's actually a
really impressive I've never seen her
eat lettuce in my life all right I'm
going back to my hotel I am having a
great time in New York City it is
beautiful to be here it's so much fun I
have run into some amazing people like
and tomorrow we're going to a football
game which is gonna be a blast but I
don't know if that was the secret or not
but I just told you so so Danny and
Lindsay came by with my my birthday
present
basically Danny wants to lose a lot this
fun thing is I've never played Madden so
I think you're gonna end up winning
well you never play NCAA except Kohl's
me though cause these awesome no what
are you whoring it up right there with
Lindsay you look like the Green Goblin
you have this weird green glow oh that's
nice
just stop it stop stop eating frozen
tomorrow I'm gonna go get a pinball
machine and I'm doing a little dance
right now you just can't see it I love
you have fun tell what I said hi I
didn't do a bad test so you know what I
think I'm gonna conduct that right now
if good tomorrow morning
Dennis and I are actually gonna go get
that pinball machine I am really excited
because I've always wanted one of these
since I was younger but Ali's having fun
in New York I really I I really wish I
could be there but just rather than
risking things and just overdoing things
and basically you guys have been yelling
at me just to calm down
so I'm slowing up a little bit just
calming down and taking it easy until
Boston where I get surgery but I will
see you guys tomorrow have a great
if you're brand new to the videos don't
forget to subscribe and I will see you
tomorrow as always have a great night
bye guys
we wait
worse yet
giddy with child tripping
with trip in Harry
you
