good morning guys at the airport
pretty much my second home
excuse me sir
you know it's funny those waiting for
you by the escalator for about 45
minutes right now though you're coming
up it you know you're in a small airport
when you can just get free coffee the
cyber spot what extra very weird yeah no
that's the second time I've seen it yeah
you'll see you'll see
wow dude what are you doing come on
Frank you do it it's actually pretty
talented I spent hours trying to go
no no loser you just do it with a
drivers lighting trick do it look like a
loser
yeah you're gonna look pretty cool I'm
Dan right
I think you get a little bigger gonna be
a good show by the way we're playing
with Frankie who are we playing with
magic no well I don't wanna screw it has
to do if I had two of these this is
you're playing with Frankie and you're
pretty excited right you guys are
embarrassing I can't be next to you
right now
yeah I feel like today's gonna be a
pretty awesome show look at those
speakers after me I want to show the
animal you're about to eat weird ones
are at steak houses like when they show
the calendar oh then you see you're like
what come from yes cuz then you see
where it come from zactly like for
vegetation there's think this is the
part of the broccoli
like
there might have been some on the tape
sound checks done and I have never been
to Auburn University I wanted to kind of
you know walk around see if I can find
anything first off gotta say their
stadium is pretty cool-looking yeah it's
not bad at all
we're actually playing with the rapper 2
Chainz which is so funny to me because
now that just adds to our we the King
repertoire of rappers that we played
with so we got Jason Derulo T Mills
Machine Gun Kelly waka flocka wu-tang
Rick Ross Gucci Mane and out 2 Chainz
and I feel like there's some more in
there but I feel like I think that's the
funniest thing in the world that we
actually can mesh with that audience and
it's still not awkward it's actually
kind of cool because you know we got
that audience and then we got our
audience and you got it's kind of like a
cross-promotion it's kind of like one of
you tuber goes and there's a collab with
another youtuber you got that audience
and then you got another audience and he
mush them together and then you got
cross promotion so I feel like that's
always really interesting with these
type of shows but same we played with
wu-tang definitely highlight never
thought I would ever come out of my
mouth I can't seem to find Danny walked
around somewhere and I can't seem to
find him yeah that's where we're playing
tonight Reena shows are actually kind of
fun go figure right
it was here it's not here anymore
and there it is
I don't think I thought cuz then you can
also do like this so it's all in the
throat it's alright that's it turn you
practice turning it's all this it's a
turn
I think I'm doing it too violently crazy
part would be underneath it or you can
put on top of your head and which one's
it in good good Pisco code alright so I
know magic trick okay good I'm really
really good points alright okay the
black and medieval read anything like
this this pocket and then you go which
hand is it in your pocket no that was
cool the fact that it was the red one I
know I was there was gonna be two black
students in here okay so that is cool
yeah okay and then you go like that okay
I'm about it about it about it Thomas
that was for you I'm sorry did you wrong
you missed it Oh told you to open up a
butcher shop today and just you can see
the crank the brake it looks like one of
those morphin time things yeah but
what's what's her name Kimberly yeah but
what what is she trying to what does she
turn into okay next one what does the
white ranger sound like roses his melody
he had the flu but what's melody
I actually know it actually pretty sad
primer being a kid and I wanted the toy
flute more than anything in my life
every year we got one good so this is
mr. Kelly Z's dead hat for tonight's
Coco Jones what's so different you look
at me I'm gonna see if I can cream curly
Q out Grand Canyon
one night yeah you're in space now
and now you're a footlocker is that the
green screen actually apparently these
are gonna like sync up to the show in
circulation yeah actually is turning red
I want to take that offline so it's
gonna actually be pretty sweet is he
gonna go to the kick-drum you think no
there's no way
what there's music going right now isn't
it oh maybe it is yeah yeah yeah let's
go out there let's figure this out I
think it really good
yeah
at vlogging this never happens that
never happens look a new blogging hey go
Frankie
broke a leg Frankie do you know the
story behind it you guys are a liar
that's not how it happened you didn't
know who confirmed this Danny
growls all
for you it is super dark but this is
Michaela Brooke and Carly I see your
sign I see a video what's gonna light
there we go I like that
very nice meeting you guys yeah anything
to say to the Internet
where you go there we go
is that like a school thing okay all
right I'm talking to my beautiful wife
over here wait you can't see her there
she is and we just wanted to say good
night you're gonna say good night then
don't forget to subscribe guys and we
will see you tomorrow I gotta wake up in
three please three and a half hours I
gotta wake up alright I'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
