hello Internet I just want to show you
every morning I open up the sliding
glass door and this is where I find them
spoiled as ever
just chilling did you hey do you pee on
this did you this P is that rain you
look kind of guilty that why you're over
on Zoey's pillow spoiled bitches what
are you doing so when we let the dogs go
out now we have to be on severe Gator
Patrol he's not out anymore yeah I think
he's here then get away from the water
huh what what it's like a clown car
Plano shut it again I want to seriously
bit off see if she does it again just
get out there now she's on this side
is she's seriously doing it right now
okay now you're just let me shut it
what's wrong Zoe okay you're back in now
watch this picture another company on
tour I can't remember the person's name
gave me these things called vomit drops
apparently you're definitely doing it
yesterday you made me wax my chest
you're going to eat vomit without
further ado I don't know why I say it
that weird I always say dude you're
gonna eat this vomit and then I'm gonna
kick your ass in mana monopoly mono/poly
you're gonna lose the manat buck doesn't
smell bad swish it around it doesn't
taste bad I would just be really
confused
wait it might happen later oh no Pig
vomit no no blood almost really gross
please Oh burning my mouth it's like hot
ass
it's like hot ass it almost tastes good
for like one second yeah it's good for a
second no it's like a real fireball
nothing bad here spit the juice out no
I'm gonna do this all right away are you
swallowing it I'm doing this right way
yeah I'm gonna make your stomach upset
no just like vomit it's like bile yeah
like you know it looks so nasty okay
spit it out gross I don't want to see it
you know I'm gonna do this if I'm dared
to do something I'm gonna do it nobody
calls me chicken name that movie kill
you bitch oh sure it's like you got it
all over now
okay go I guess no give me kiss oh my
god
okay Paxson come on baby there what's
wrong baby no charge do not she knows
that wouldn't do that to her oh I just
can't do it I know he's got his phone in
his back so Dennis found a bat in their
garage no no not in a house you don't
want to bat in the house oh my god no
breathing well wait they're blind aren't
they that doesn't know she's like I'm
telling you this is a really bad idea
this is a really really bad idea
is it really oh my god she's biting you
oh okay well no there is you bet you oh
well now he won't let go I just want to
put a paper towel under so there's the
he's not laying his on
all right all right it's okay
this is another like blasphemous
remember we'll have Busch Gardens and
you saved that bat ma - yeah wait ma -
or is coumba it was Monte you guys
remember that big blast from the past
last couple of days what about to do
today hanger we should name him look at
him opening his mouth he's trying to
bite me I want to name him Edward Edward
the bat you named the Bruce Wayne is he
doing I've been biting you - with your
Michael Jackson gloves you know it'd be
a really fun thing as if we played with
real money one time just go to the bank
and just take out a tremendous loan and
play real monopoly I brought that you
know I brought that for you to sleep on
the cat's the new one right all right so
game of Monopoly I'm the thimble always
making fun of me because I'm the thimble
in the commets now what's what what team
are you team Justin team Ally team
Lauren team Dennis or team Charles so in
the comments which team are you making
make decisions right now
all right language language all right so
Dennis owns this entire corner right now
I'm losing with my $1 I have I have some
dollars what's happening this when when
the monopoly starts getting really
cutthroat as you can see I have nothing
but I have a lot of money and I'm just
gonna wait and collect stuff while
everyone is spending money in jail maybe
there's a five
just wait aliens taking everyone's money
if you were team Ally
that was a good choice so far hold on
1150 with your in hotels Marley I want
you to pee on her pillow tell ya it has
come and gone but I want to just flip
this board so yeah you're kicking but
right now I'm out Justin's out Laurens
out now it's down to team Dennis and
team Ally winner team Dennis
pretty much own the city you were so
close still so if you were team dentists
congratulations
time to do laundry again time to pack
again kind of pack again how is that
possible
so what's gonna end up happening is we
were actually was supposed to go to this
like secret event that actually is
happening in New York City this weekend
but because of the the seizure in the
hospital visit I actually don't feel
comfortable getting on an airplane right
now but I I didn't want to miss it I
didn't want to have no one film it so
I'm making Ally go so she has she's
going but also it's not like a
punishment I mean it's New York right I
mean you can't really can't be - I know
but I get the OK to watch the videos and
I'll be a vicarious like oh that's right
so Ally's gonna go to New York for I
think it's only like a day or two that's
worse than my show pants you didn't play
a show why does it smell that bad and
yes there's some special people gonna be
there as well I'm really bummed that I I
honestly can't go but at the same time I
don't want to risk it yeah I don't want
to risk it don't worry if you're new to
these videos even if Ali's gone we film
both days and then you can just see both
of us family watching over you and
taking care of you everything so so get
excited this weekend is gonna be pretty
oh there's a hair on the lens
wait is this all tour stuff you haven't
done tour laundry yet I was wondering
why Zoey and Marley were
like trying to mark this section of the
freaking I already cleaned all my tour
stuff you're still smells like poop
crumpled on top of the dryer want to see
you guys
Wow look at how clean my closet that's
your stuff no it's not none of my
clothing is in there go do it otherwise
I can't do my laundry how bad does that
suck when they leave clothes in the
dryer make sure I pack okay yes so if
you guys haven't subscribed already make
sure to do so is that way you can see
what Ally is doing in New York and what
I'm doing here
also the vomit dare thing that was your
that was your fault as well so if you
have any more dares let us know in the
comments I'll see you guys tomorrow
the other army waiter
yes
which all tripping
with Griffin
you
