good morning lazy puppies how you doing
you chillin wait what Ali did you paint
my toe when did you paint my toe what I
don't remember that what what is Zoey
doing yes Evan your eyeball let me help
you
excuse me you're my son could you please
move
well I've counted like 42 lightning
strikes in the past 30 seconds Turner
it's like Oklahoma tornado you dun
goofed wait does anyone still do that by
the time you say it it's already gone
yeah because it's the Internet's
everything moves so quickly so like by
the time people start using it it's
already over
so this turkey over here bought the
wrong printer cartridge is it like 2000
what we're like I don't know what I have
like really do you ever stop saying
grandma she does we're going to my
favorite place see you prancing Oh
special toy time what are you doing I
will not you spend life in there What's
Wrong dude what's wrong
so Allie and Lauren went to go get their
nails done since I already have my toe
done I didn't want to go get it but I
went outside to watch the storm and it's
kind of strange it's like it's very
gloomy but the sun's still out typical
Florida
take your time it's coming out son so
you Marley got a mani-pedi yesterday so
I got jealous and he did one too
literally two seconds away from home you
can't wait two seconds you got a
facetiming ask me about your pinball
machine
I found a pinball machine I don't two of
them it's funny cuz it's coming through
the car stereo so you sound like you're
it sounds like we're in a hallway or
something I don't know what stop it
you're not funny you're pretty funny
what are you talking about you mother no
I want this one
all right grocery shopping after two
months
let's just pretty much buy the entire
store wait what do you what happened
what happened what's going on Haley
that's what Marlene's okay Jim peaches
used to freak me out of game
it's not a savage is it furry like a
peach they're furry that's very look at
that Mexico that's very when I was a kid
pizzas used to freak me out cuz they
were they were furry even like that
because they're free too
so since we were on tour for two months
I thought it'd be really kind of funny
to not shave or wax or do anything to my
chest and just become a burly strong man
so we just got some chest wax and if you
remember I think 2009 when we started
these videos I did it and Ally's asked
if I wanted to do it again and not not
remembering exactly what happened I
stupidly agreed for Halloween I'm not
you know I think it's stupid it's also
really but it also makes me really
really excited so we went to the store
because remember the other day when
Danny
Travis and I on the tour bus played
Monopoly Ally edited that video and she
thinks she can take me she thinks she
could take me you're getting this TV
anchors news anchor vlogging Barbie
battleship I would totally destroy you
in battleship I had a sister I had a lot
of practice winning because I had a
sister I took off my shirt with my okay
just give me a countdown please I'm not
really good this at all No
Oh think about the dirtiness having that
happen to them they breath okay I'm not
gonna do it if it's really really
hurting you do it so in the comments
today I want you guys to be honest tell
me how many is he well that too but be
honest tell me in the comments how many
people have waxed have used wax before I
would like to put you in the face
something I could do this we got some
blood we got some blood action we just
chalk this up on uh things Charles put
on the internet through pain is like it
didn't work okay dude I know people that
do this to themselves
just do it really fast yeah go a little
bit one day that's that's my rate though
look at all of them oh yeah you're
having fun so guys what'd you do today
just kind of a casual conversation
what's your favorite color
mine's blue put your hand out to the
monitor all the hands better Charles
advice don't do this especially don't
let your significant other do this you
doing a great job that you're enjoying
every minute of it every time you put oh
god it's oil
post waxing oil well so now the nice
thing comes can't remember who suggested
this but this is one of the dares that
you guys told us in the comments so if
you guys have any more tell me tell me
in the comments what other little dares
or things we should do myself or Ally
had a sexy squashes oh look at that
let me just i'm blemishing or I'm
blushing right now she's watching the
game
oh hey enjoying some baseball yeah so
I'm just kind of recovering now that was
a terrible good terrible idea
so welcome if you're new to these videos
if not if you're watching this for the
first time don't forget to click
Subscribe and you'll see well we'll see
you you'll see us every single day but I
was watching I think we are close to
900,000 subscribers we're so close to a
million and I just kind of sat there and
I was just looking at that number and it
was just it blew me away and just to
think how crazy and how big the CPA
CTFxC has grown and how awesome you guys
are it was reading a bunch of your
comments just wanted to say thank you
I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
have a great night and thank you for
watching I guess this is not my
toothbrush okay
see what you did
yes
without trippin
with trip in early don't forget to eat
you
