yeah what do you guys think should we do
a mail vlog in the next couple days you
guys think we should do a mail vlog in
next couple days tell me in the comments
so that's uh my office is slowly slowly
filling up sit down put on your blanket
you Thunder blanket what is your deal
what what is it oh okay well you know
it's thundering and lightning out there
right like I don't care
squirrel friend what's girlfriend no we
can't let you guys go out until we get
that Gator taken care of keeps coming
out every single day
you would be a gummy bear and you'd be a
big gummy bear we don't want that get
out of her butt so today is take two on
yesterday basically before I had to go
have a brain fart and reset my brain so
we're getting uh some drugs we're
getting some drugs filled some
prescription and then I finally get to
go to Best Buy get a new hard drive and
things like that fun stuff
geeky stuff for me singing alright
peanut gallery I need you always forever
to dude it did you did it do uh do you
think they have brain RAM we asked for
some brain Ram I need the more RAM for
my brain you know what mark my words in
like 50 years we're gonna have brain ram
our brains are gonna be running off of
hard drive why you could expand your
brain so let's just say you only have
like a six terabyte hard drive in your
brain you just buy two of them negative
twelve you just doubled your brains all
right see if it's compatible with my
size brain my head will fit in my head
it says free used by any persons name
anything other than Charles try this
this brand might be a little bit better
Ally look what they do to make sure
people don't steal things
they put a freaking spider on the other
what are you come on I would get a
special item that's no come on
seriously is there a 3ds hack like
people saying oh yeah you come here and
get some free stuff and then they hack
your three yes and make all your your
3ds dudes say bad words like I did I
will take that thank you
do you remember how in a spinal tap
thank you I'm okay with it
remember on spinal tap they like they
they put like cucumbers in their pants
so you see a doctor that's a problem
this is what they do in the 80s he's
suffering maybe longer you can stuff
your pants okay you suffer pants whoa I
like this one
it is like Elvis put it back look if you
get to stuff your pants I get to stuff
my bra hey wait hold on my fears I want
to sell my pants
oh wait no no you're not doing that
there you go okay that's right how's it
going a lady uh follows weird
I think you're weird totally magic very
inappropriate and I he's scaring away
all the patrons of the story I feel like
we're completely glossing over the fact
that these are small handheld water
plants they're awesome
we should have a watermelon eating
contest doesn't Japan have the square
ones yes I'm gonna try we're gonna taste
tests around the root beer section since
I don't drink anymore I thought I'm
addicted to root beer not that I was
addicted to beer but I'm certainly
addicted to root beer now what I was
going so good without drinking soda I
just walked in a circle I'm just walking
in circles now you just got nothing but
snacks and smell that Gaming chips
they're dried green bean chips
go have fun having sushi yeah Charles a
lot sushi doesn't like it yeah you're
the bride my name is Ellie you know my
name is Dahlia but keeping I'm noxious
boy I know your raw fish yeah Zoe she's
like a mess I make it myself ooh I make
the best sushi she's brought you sushi
you oh thanks so you brought her some
sushi where's your Nemo I like that says
though get your sushi so you're ready
hang out girls want to hang out you want
to hang out oh we haven't hung out in
months we haven't hung out months okay
so a look at the new hard drive see cool
that's pretty well look at it that's not
edible
who's got a poop you got a poop let's go
let's go boom everyone go pooping yeah
oh damn Nemo for another corner watch
see look around the corners give a crap
out of here 100 boy I need a rest
how would I lay down here since Ally is
gone with Lauren I figure this would be
perfect time to start hanging some stuff
actually I'm gonna hang this here so
that way I if you ever live with your
significant other you know hanging
things is probably the craziest thing
that you have to do you have to
basically make sure it's all perfect and
you agree well you know what I'm just
gonna do don't tell her and then we'll
see if she notices all right we got the
way the Kings poster we've got the
Guinness world record the CTFxC guinness
world record
this is when you guys got just keep
breathing to number 92 on the Billboard
Top 100 this was this definitely got to
go on the wall what do you think Zoe is
that straight-up crap it's not straight
Oh how's it straight good enough oh god
guys it has begun Halloween two months
before it's Halloween
I never ending delight awk about this
every single year because every place
that you go it gets earlier and earlier
it's like a competition between all the
all the like companies to who can get
the holiday stuff out first it is fourth
of July is over
hello exactly so ridiculous I have a
special gift for you
curcuma mom what is in your mouth so
cake face we don't need another incident
like the other night at Caitlyn what are
you getting ready to do I'm testing
colors I can paint Miley's yeah Marley
run away fast what a good girl it looks
like she heard that you're gonna do it
and she came home hunting I know she
loves spa day
oh yeah spa day
Marley give me your most pitiful look oh
my goodness
that's pretty pitiful oh that one listen
that's nothing to do with it let me see
it I'm gonna do it oh yes how beautiful
don't put it down put it like that yeah
how nice Oh Kylie today what what is she
doing what is she doing this is not food
it's a pretty puppy oh yeah fix that one
oh boy recommended the baby
you mean such a good girl she's like I
forget a lot of cookies after this I'm
beautiful I'm beautiful show them your
beautiful veil wanna go next you want to
go next let me see your paws let me see
your paws like go back it up back up
back it up nope I already got it when
you get that would you do that can't do
that not very nice my paint one
you're gonna be so beautiful now so long
Jared oh you're like a little kid you
just make up songs for what you're doing
you know like didn't you ever do that
yes all the time
as I was painting my nails like if you
have like Hot Wheels cars you're like
gonna go make breaks down the Raceway
whoever gives first place kids oh my god
that is fabulous
we're matching Oh daddy-daughter
matching mani-pedi
she's like you look at her videos like I
hate you oh thank you baby
I know you like that I know you like the
attention all right guys well it's time
to wind down the video so in yesterday's
video I was telling you guys that we
kind of we're announcing that I have to
have another surgery but that's not
going to be for at least another 10 or
11 days so I didn't want you guys think
I was happening like tomorrow or
something like that of course I will let
you guys know on my Twitter Ally's
Twitter or definitely in these videos
over the next couple days what exactly
is happening because you guys are like
family like always and I will definitely
keep you guys informed I will not leave
you guys than that in the dark or
anything like that if you're brand new
to these videos welcome don't forget to
click Subscribe so you can watch us
every single day and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night
and thank you so much for all the love
in the comments and on Twitter I've been
reading all of them and I just want to
say thank you guys it's definitely make
it's lifting my spirits of lifting Alec
spirits and Zoe Marley as you can see
he's always been walking around with an
emo all day I'll see you guys tomorrow
have a great night
the cold
see what you did too
hardly wait
and
Hey where's the Exe
which all trippy
gonna share
yes with Josephine
