I'm not comfortable with this toy could
you please open the door for me go over
the door open the door go up in the dad
you have like a TD this is a really cool
little toy that someone got us it's a
mouse that every time he's tap it it
squeaks what is that she's like I don't
know whatever it does it make noise yeah
look like she figured it out way I'm not
playing with it go away don't film this
go away
illness sit doesn't ask us what you
doing go go alright oversee it
oversee it make sure she doesn't eat too
much okay teacher just like what is
judging everything
so we're home for a day day and a half
and already getting dragged alright
you know everything you dream I'm being
dragged smell this it's called November
rain smells like Axl Rose and
pyrotechnics doo doo doo doo doo
she was so hot that girl in November
rain you couldn't be more manly than
doing solo while holding a candle in the
candle sections
no God November right no here comes the
solo goes on for like 20 minutes that
things were correct
I don't think most of you guys were born
when the song came out actually
Elizabeth why my dad was on MTV with his
old band and I used to always watch him
to be to try to find my dad on TV and
this would always come on and I would go
crazy on that solo can I do a guitar
solo on here too this place is very
boring for me are you just picking your
bud no it's just my back you were
picking your butt like if you have a
wedgie how do you how do you get it out
I can show you how I get it out that's
what you do let's see that's all you
have to do this is how a guy doesn't do
this like that how you stretch it out
you gotta like let me try that
thank you it doesn't work you have a
wedgie now how do you get it out yeah
pick the wedgie that's how girls yeah
that's Lucy's this is how a guy would do
that
this is equivalent to what you just did
so if a guy had a wedgie they have to go
oh this doesn't work you embarrassed
no I just want you to stop doing what
you're doing and while you're near me I
hate following ambulances yeah we were
just in Alta Dinks and dropping and
Charles did a really good job you just
had another seizure but he did such a
good job he told me it was coming and he
he you know started to sit down he
didn't hit his head you didn't get hurt
anything didn't bite his tongue you did
a really good job so that sounds kind of
silly but you know it's pretty scary
like he didn't really know how to handle
it when you first have seizures but I
think his medicines really helping him
and he did he did a great thing he sat
down and there were a couple really nice
ladies and I forgot to get their names
but there were two really really nice
ladies in the store and they came and
they helped him and they held his head
and got towels and stuff and it was
really nice so thank you to the two
ladies in Ulta who I completely forgot
to like properly thank and get their
names but
back to the hospital again again again
this is not a good way to spend your
after birthday day apparently if you
have three the fourth one is free so I
got a glow did you get a punch card I
get oh that's like a subway car yeah a
punch card this little hairy family very
fair I don't want it be doing this all
the time I know Coldplay quandra it's
not fun I get oxygen although you know
what when you follow an ambulance
you can drive really fast drive as fast
as he wants on his motorcycle
what's the deal with your Michael
Jackson glove I don't know it's just
they're so excited to take it he's not
even on any drugs yet way to go well I'm
the drunk one apparently how you feel
drunk guys I'm pretty hammered right now
yeah I can see that and she's not even
he was on he's on a divan right now
which is a they call it vitamin A to
help his brain and heart yeah I was like
what does he get the out of that wood
yeah and let me hop in the vest that's
there I showed him that they they put it
in this syringe and in there they can
like introduce medicine into your IV
that's already in you instead of having
to give you a separate shot and he's
like oh little side douchebags just
snuck it in there if I was watching
Yellow Submarine right now for the
Beatles it would all make sense I'm
sorry I'm sorry tight I'm sorry
ah that was slow no I didn't want to do
it as I want to take as much here still
have him I'm here look that's does
anybody easy a little so cover it up oh
you did it slow dingus no easier
all better huh well huh
hey girls sorry Molly don't freak out
I'm every time I come back they freak
out because uh this the hotel hotel just
I'm still on this drug right now guys
I'm a little drunk on medicine so we're
back at the hospital and yeah we're Wow
let's take part too obviously we were
back home from the hospital you okay you
freaked out by all the stuff it's okay
I'm all right so don't do that again so
we just got back home
and we kind of got some news that we
wanted to tell you guys so remember what
it was before tour in the middle you
know it was I gonna right in the middle
of tour in the middle of tour we went to
Boston because we wanted to get a follow
up with one of the top guys what they
did was they left a tiny tiny tiny piece
that they thought didn't have any
problems they were like oh okay this is
so small it didn't they just didn't want
to like go in there and just take a big
chunk of brain out and then caused some
damage to you right your body to your
motor skills right since I played bass
and I'm vlogging human and because I'm
happy because I'm hearing so what
they're gonna do when we run up there
and talk to them
they found this little piece they didn't
find like it's like not finding a new
piece the little piece they left they
think is the problem of the the seizures
so what they're ending up gonna have to
do it was that even a sentence knowing
what honestly you're not doing a great
job I'm still on that drug so okay let's
just start over so what they're gonna
end up doing is they're going to do it
when I'm awake so that way yeah so what
they're gonna do is they're gonna keep
you awake now like awake to where I can
like get up and walk around with my
brain open so that way when they're
digging they don't screw something up so
that's why they're gonna do that this
you're gonna go in with like a pickaxe
and a show they might I don't know any
digging through so that's what's gonna
have end up happening so I'm gonna have
to have another surgery mid-september
1560s we're still not sure in Boston but
guys like a mean he's like the top top
of the world actually is like number one
in the world so we're not we're not very
scared about it because it's actually
kind of exciting because they all think
that this mice this tiny little piece is
what's causing all this this issue we're
not worried about it being bad or
anything like that but it's good to
catch the little pieces because on 10
years 5 years 15 years it could be much
worse so that's what's going on leave it
alone
they think it's better they don't want
to have to do another surgery but they
think it's better to just take care of
it now while you're young and hell yeah
they can just get it done I am nice and
strong you like this muscles minke that
was one thing when I was having a
seizure Ali goes you're really strong I
was trying to help you and you are not
having it like you were trying to sit up
before you really like kind of woke up
you were trying to sit up and you're
like like these two ladies were help
they did they were like just stay down
just stay down don't try to get up and
you were like cun guys come on guys you
were like trying to get of it I was like
no it's bad met that's bad too laughs
but at the same time you got to find
humor you're very uh those Jolla Stan I
was joking with the doctors the whole
time - yeah that's what's happening this
is what we were just told and hopefully
the next couple weeks they remove that
stupid thing and then this is all in the
past we just wanted to fill you guys in
and let you know not to be like worried
about it I mean you know keep him in
your thoughts and your prayers and that
words gross if I'm not read you should
know we don't we don't want to like
scare you but we want to be honest with
you about what's going on that's what
that's what these videos are about
sharing sharing lives do you mean kiss
it's just like an outside French to kiss
oh yeah
all right everybody that is it for
today's video thank you so much for
watching say goodnight goodnight my
crazy little seizure baby I'm resting no
more that okay all right early that's
okay oh great I love that plan Zoey
likes that plan alright guys thanks
again for watching if you have not
subscribed please be sure to do so and
aunt goodnight and as always we'll see
you tomorrow
love you guys good eye really you're not
gonna do when I say good night
wait
a worthy yet sexy
giddy with child tripping
we're
yes with chakra tionary
you
