no I know that a love tour toys for you
know we grab what you happy to be home
why
so he's just running around with her
little ball you got your little gorilla
ball 30 seconds okay you haven't been
home in a while you guys getting used to
that style Marley's just focus on that
treat the kid give me the treat though
everyone pumped right now be home all
right Ella is already spoiling the dogs
all right well it's 5:45 in the morning
it's beginning of the vlog beginning of
the day I'm gonna go sleep now and I
will be right back in the flash cutscene
and we'll see a cutscene
there's a little tiny dragonfly thing so
he's freaking out would it back don't
hurt it good girl forget the diet if you
don't say it out yeah yeah it's always a
token we'll hope this isn't dragonfly
what's this new or okay I'd like a
little dragon play so it's the day after
tour which is pretty much Zoey and
Marley's Christmas cuz of all the toys
you guys want some toys you already know
where they're at
you want your toys this is really funny
because when my dad would come back from
his tours it was pretty much Christmas
for my sister Melissa and I cuz he would
always have toys and stuff like that too
and as you can see they've been quite
spoiled by you guys in the internet land
okay no I wanted different ones
so apparently Weaver got all the toys in
the Bay of the bus so they're at the
storage unit so we have to get those
tomorrow Marley come on go help so we
started going through all the mail and
stuff that came to our house got all
them just a bunch of mail right now
we're going through Zoey Marley a little
upset because this box does not have two
toys
Marley sniffed it once and now she's
over there though just wants to make a
mess of everything and it puts her head
down she wasn't doing anything
yeah back to normal oh I like the dorm
we'll get the bubble no I really miss
this get their little bubbles what's
tomorrow but they throw that's with
birthday I've been on the road so long
it's today's your birthday so go with
Charles a happy birthday on Twitter it's
his birthday it's funny cuz like I don't
know 29 that's called almost 30
it's called 29 oh and just a friendly
reminder is only a couple more days left
until the voting ends for the naming of
the hot tub I'll put a link down there
in the description so you guys can do
that oh my god I missed this so much I
don't want this right now this is not
fun for can you guys go back on tour
head oh my god he's so cute
so you're just out here with the dogs
and the Gator is so huge and it is so
close it was yeah it was right there it
was just like sitting right where that
like cloud is reflecting in the water
they called dog dude we got to call
something oh the Bounty Hunter
I don't know I'm an animal rescue person
the Internet has a bounty on them get
your crappy reality shows straight what
is wrong with her why are you hiding by
the toilet why are you shaking by the
toilet
you're shaking what's wrong you know
thunder so he can't Marge I like that
scratchy
yeah
she's already going for the eyes of
scratchy
zazo why those oh come on really okay
yep you're gonna give me that now you
can't have Wow
of course don't want to know how he did
that the hell how did you even do that
open your hand all right so I had to
surgically remove the eyes so she
doesn't eat him so there you go
but might not be is fun no but there you
go what's going on there am i huh she's
she actually calmed down when I hold her
she's hiding behind the toilet
and but the second I go like this she
starts shaking but the second I go like
this she stops she's like really
adorable like what I think once ago for
a car ride car ride who wants to go for
a car ride so I'm going temporary
grocery shopping we have nothing in the
house and I'll show you this is what we
have in the refrigerator see that's
about it
nothing oh look at this I'm real about
this all right load up nope that's one
way to do it come on
can you do it how about how about nope
that's the wrong way - ah the golf cart
we shall do that tomorrow I just had a
kind of blast from the past who else
used to wait till 901 like just wait
around their phone until 901 when cell
phone phone calls were free like you
would have to pay use your minutes who
remembers when minutes mattered do you
remember that
but then at 9:01 everything was free
does anyone else remember that I
remember as a kid like a teenager they
just looking at nine o'clock up it come
on come on come on come on yeah right
text text used to cost like fifty cents
of text and my day we used to use
minutes and not an idle one up so close
so confused Marley is never impressed by
anything Zoe's more interested in cocoa
leaves so we were watching the movie and
we just looked over to the left
she's like Freddie Mercury right now
what what's up what Dad what's up that's
really bright light babies he's sleeping
for taking daddy yeah okay there passed
out alright guys thank you so much for
watching today's video if you have not
subscribed already please be sure to do
that
and today ticket phrase happy birthday
Charles so that way you know it'll be in
the comments for once his actual
birthday
alright love you guys can I will see you
tomorrow as always
it's done
were safely at sexy
with trippy
with charity
over here
