good morning guys we are in Orlando's
House of Blues you know it's kind of
funny about this we were just here
eating a couple months ago remember when
I didn't know we were playing here and
you pointed to the menu this is also
where I saw AFI like three or four years
ago I think X actually look for
backstage with AFI on the vlogs it was
at this actual venue that year it's your
year there's two Jenny from Forrest Gump
I want to see that movie so since we
were in Orlando we figured we might as
well go see the Simpsons and Universal
since we have season passes surprise
supplies trip to Universal now we would
did Disney and now Universal apparently
The Simpsons are finished so I just want
to go see The Simpsons right now
you are like having a little dream right
now Ali gets on the tour where we guys
we start doing the really cool after day
off stuff actually yesterday was
seriously the best damn what's Disney
how can you talk about hang out with the
Simpson Thank You Benny sugar sure sorry
it's not a package find any cream know
if anyone can name that episode of The
Simpsons you will be one of my favorite
people ever that's like that's like
all-time favorite episode
I totally was not scared at all
anti-climatic get put a red button that
doesn't do anything right
Oh steal it did you feel it to see
position oh here's your weapon got your
weapon I don't know if it's maybe
because I'm getting older but don't
stimulation right like I grab I just
like to be a little kid this is my oh my
god bubble V tacos but when we have kids
blinky right there we'll be on our kids
wall
I want to blink you suck toy we could we
could make our kids room
Springfield like cement like spring
paint the walls like Springfield do you
seriously promise last time we were here
things were still being built
oh my god it's lard lad it's live at it
himself
okay I want a photo of our leg I like it
Kidder it up I've just everything is
just wanna go across the burger but
those family feed bag right now want to
see if you can do better this time
little dig wait let's fake well do you
remember the episode where jebediah
springfield the pirate oh yes do it
alright i do your impression sold sold
so we're getting the best zoe and marley
toy this one's mine that's not for Zoe
my life that's Zoe Marley I have to keep
them nice oh my God look at the eyes
eyes are gonna be gone
wait what about if I give her these eyes
it's three of them we have to play some
games
Oh No
good job all right are you team ally or
team Charles we're gonna do Wacka mouth
mouth
try it again team trials with team alley
who do you want more julissa
go for March my bag is overflowing with
I kept high five I didn't think we were
gonna be that successful we went and
bought all these stuffed animals so I
was like we should probably return those
because we won we just wanna grab a toy
Ally's being all adorable she's like no
I don't want to return them now we have
all these awesome toys for our kids now
that we got all our goodies that we won
time to go play a show what's of the
crew and guys they're gonna are they go
now
you go down there little rage yeah get
down there get down there so everyone's
running down the best we breathe for it
to a prank you going to want me to go to
five where's he going up there flounder
that was a lot of fun
that's rage ever that was a lot of fun
have fun on that one it's gonna be sad
when the story ends could have your pass
they see your pass man
party and what is your song do you have
a love party something yeah party radio
just love and for you okay yeah yeah I
love that one
car button up you have a little arc Obi
one thing all right forget the ro saya
the sergeant over here give me give me
cat give me cat with the dog give me dog
that's a dog give me moose we got a
moose hey shoes on it break my neck
do you remember when you me and Danny
went skateboarding Rose Arizona when I
laid I'm a belly yeah does anyone have a
gift of Coley just on his belly on the
longboard that's the extent of my long
boarding secret phrase for tonight just
tell me your favorite Simpsons character
mine has to be Mole Man hands down one
more day left at or we're playing Fort
Lauderdale and then we go home chasing
me sad I like think about it it's like
kind of ending this tourist summer
festival oh my god I'm going down a hill
I want I'll be right back I got to enjoy
this see that's what happens you can't
give me a skateboard and tell me to talk
to a camera I just get this up and the
way I'm gonna hit don't forget to
subscribe if you guys have not already
and I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
hi guys
wait
psst
with y'all trippin
with Harry don't forget to
you
