good morning guys so woke up this
morning yes and you did something that
begins somebody decided to play with the
paper towels or the toilet paper
you must be hanging out with Marley yeah
that big fat belly I know he's getting
big
oh here food we've had nothing but
crappy weather last few I guess weeks
now and today he's been one of the days
that it's actually been nice no rain
clouds in sight
did you notice there's no fallen trees
it's like this was priority they got rid
of all the trees I wonder where they all
went oh there's a couple right there not
too bad actually this is prior high
priority to the park we need to go do
that again who's got what on he does
isn't he
well she sees a squirrel you ever
pausing I work out because are you
trying to find a squirrel it's the
hardest place to freaking walk because
every five seconds she finds squirrel
she won't move come on let's go she's
too focused that's the squirrel over
there you want to go look let's go look
go get it if you want to go get it it's
so funny it's like she definitely
doesn't want to get it she's just like
me I don't know if you can see sleeping
with her Ellie's sunglasses are
polarized so you can see how it's a
copper but even without the polarized
sunglasses you can see how Brown and
coppery the water looks that's very
weird
here's that little boy expire like five
maybe six years old he came up and asked
if you take photos of Zoey Marley so he
had one of those iPhone 7 plus there's 6
pluses just the big iPhones and he's
like doing this and it's like covering
his entire face you got some good shots
of you guys though that little kid pride
has his own Instagram there is that
little kid right there you're so cool
where's poor houses on that tree on its
roof later today
Ali somehow convinced me to face my
deepest darkest fear of clowns and we're
gonna go watch that's your fear - yeah
we're gonna go see the new one it should
be kind of interesting I think we have
some stranger things is in it right the
kid one of the kids but I have no idea
how he convinced me to do this we are
going in the middle of the afternoon I
think that was the compromise good
excuse if we go that late we have a
couple hours to kill so we're just gonna
go bike and get some lunch because why
not right
we got the bikes it's a lot more
exercise for us so I think it's more fun
than driving to places come on slowpoke
well never do that break yeah I hit the
wrong break where you going I can't get
in that hole
hey give it your nightmare right now
should be pretty fun though I'm just
gonna go move that that's so scary
everything like scary you almost have a
heart attack
no sometimes but you do it in different
ways I can just keep going like this job
he's scared the thing was Tara Tara is
gonna land
break12 you're not gonna execute jumping
like that you're heavy try it you'll see
what saying ol ding-dong over here went
to the wrong here now we gotta drive 20
minutes the other way and the movie
starts three minutes ago I know what's
gonna happen
there's a clown that's kind of evil I
like you ding-dong well take two are you
sure this is the right one now cop
positive yep like a Cobb salad I'm
almost as positive as I thought
admit it but you were scared
no you're the grandma in there it was
like jumpy but I'd be honest Tim Curry
is a pretty good edge I kind of liked it
though I thought it was pretty good it
was my belly
oh come on every five seconds I'm scary
I can't give it away if I talk about it
no no yeah maybe you watch myself those
two figure for me I like scary movies I
want to go home and watch the comedy now
and then I got a pack through the pups
gonna feed the Pops than a kitty what
have your horse like yes
okay gonna be a horse later we'll get
your saddle so she started a little
rambunctious now taking down all the
toilet paper kicking her kitty litter
everywhere you're the bad kitty yeah
she's a bad little kitty she's tiny
little case though she's fast
oh this is the candle I'm gonna eat this
this is how big she is if you guys want
to know that's why I hat oh here's the
better comparison here's the hairbrush I
can't sing in the car was slightly
underwhelmed it's not that it was bad it
was good I'm kind of tough when it comes
to remakes just because I think it's
very very hard to make something better
there are a few movies have done it but
I'm not really sure if it was done this
time I liked it a lot maybe I have to
see the end which I wouldn't be able to
seeing it again
it might be amazing for somebody else
but I really like the first day of so
much char is
practicing because he leaves for show
tomorrow man look at that he looks so
cool sure which one planes trains and
automobiles yeah you know what I
actually really like this fucking I'm
sorry
planes trains cars automobiles you know
what's so funny what's funny since I was
little she always liked the sound of the
bass so really once I got a new amp in
the house I want to put the cat in the
room and see what they're saying or
makes her even more insane than she
already is because I have a really
strange feeling that's actually gonna
happen in the basement actually you're
right it might better exactly turn I
have figured out that if you hum or kind
of like / obviously purring probably
it's like relatable to it but when we
hum we have our on our chests it really
calms her down so maybe you're right
actually maybe the bass will make her
feel a lot better
I mean you get like a small little
absolute him house we're thinking that
she thinks this blanket is her mom
because she keeps needing it I think
she's trying to find like a nipple or
something like that
there we go
let me she's what four weeks
he's taking a pizza
I love it the second we're not paying
attention she steals pizza she tries to
go for cat milk you both know how to
work the system that's her cat milk nope
stop it's her cat milk
are you sleepy she's super sleepy then
junior toe now you chew on your feet
well this is probably the best ever
Segway to go saying good night I will
see you guys tomorrow always please
don't forget to subscribe and if you
guys are brand-new this is Rika she's a
brand new member of the CTFxC so yeah so
I will see you tomorrow going to Arbor
is it Auburn University I think we're
playing a show in Auburn and Columbus
Atlanta in Columbus Georgia which I
didn't know existed but yeah we do so I
will see you guys tomorrow as always
don't forget to subscribe and like this
video or this and that and that I stop
even your feet get I guys
