ready good morning everyone we are in
Buffalo oh god I've got I'm gonna get
hit good let me in it's gonna rain I'm
gonna hit oh boy
good luck trying to look both ways okay
bye car I hate the rain and it's raining
okay good luck and those were his last
words
look so we have soundcheck and yeah whoa
look at them look at this I want to show
you how the rains coming off this that
is cool-looking
walk back - okay I gotta thank you Scott
lost the bag somewhere
that is a cool shirt I've ever seen
Honda nothing can kill Chuck Norris
maybe nerd rock you could even take him
down he stops a day not today maybe
tomorrow
yeah I really got you two days in a row
watch for cars straight ahead but the
cars don't come that direction they come
from this direction speaking there's one
right there he's thick tell me her hello
lovely ATS Cathy you feel better no no
wait Santa's hands sanitize your hands
Oh what you want to hear a funny story
all right so uh my uncle Norm's Aunt
Cathy's house and here's a fun story
under this tablecloth I don't know if
this is the same table but under this
table was when I first got my first
Nintendo oh yeah for Christmas was it
for my parents hid a brand-new Nintendo
and NES Mario hey Mikey you wanna be in
the video
all right do you guys remember when we
first started these we had this guy
Mikey and your brother your brother
today Samuel Sammy and Mikey yeah
no actually I did you show you what
Mikey's wearing if you look carefully
it's a funny looking kid t-shirt when
Danny and I were playing drums Oh Danny
was Danny and I were playing drums
Robert I was the drummer we have two we
had two drummers he's got a friend now
so whose team Mikey huge team Danny the
team Mikey come on the Internet are you
team Mikey or team Danny who's gonna win
see playing video games often since
Danny's undefeated and Mikey's
undefeated they're just gonna basically
pull the goal he's right this is dress
lock you guys pull the goalies the score
without going here cause we can't see me
so if you do shut it light goes off
all right I don't like this I'm doing it
claustrophobia glossophobia dangerous
look at this man go every day every day
look at that counter Tom loo that
countertop Scot when I wasn't recording
for that puberty moment
Thank You Goolsbee a rock show sir
do you like it yeah fun nice that fun
family Sammy Sammy was rocking out too
much he had to go holy O'Toole that's
where you Coley
mr. diva make sure make sure you know
there's got a warm shower you know
where's this fluffy dog what's wrong
Travis was it safe
let's go ASAP no joke it says ASAP and
it's it's a joke it's a joke
Beavis what took you so long hey
snapping oh look I got I got a raise
that don't judge me sir he literally
just goes hey babe leave give me a
french fry I don't want the grease and
I'm thinking okay some important duty
the French fry totally wasn't he
normally ask me for cool stuff I have
another one good french fries are these
c'mon what the big one see isn't it nice
well I don't want that Park anymore I
was a rosy posy man never flows to
gentleman comes Rosie bows Rosie bows
right down teddy plus Lane have you guys
haven't guessed this is Scott's new
phrases I guess roasts boasts Teddy
Flo's Lois's ultimate that was pretty
Redis like that was cool house I know
but it's like that was bells let it
stand that rose your eyes don't roll
back in your head until Bose Rose
there's like big don't forget to
subscribe if you guys haven't and as old
oh my god alright guys I'll see you guys
to browse always if you have dirty socks
alright guys don't forget to subscribe
if you guys have it and as always we'll
see you guys tomorrow bye guys buffalo
has something to say
yes
giddy with child tripping
with Josephine early
