so today I actually know where I'm at
we're in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania Emily
oh I'm so happy that was recording I'm
gonna think about maybe editing that
this is why you never hit stop when you
record you guys Pittsburgh and then
tomorrow I fail thank you that's kind of
like that bit remember that one time
when I was like trying to be all cool
and I was modeling and I fell right on
my face sure that's still on the
internet somewhere what I was going to
say before I fell out of my chair was I
have a surprise for you guys
well it's not really surprised anyway
it's more of a like a cool little gift
we teamed up with amp energy and we're
going to be giving away a GoPro to one
of you guys so all you have to do click
the link down there go to the amp energy
Instagram follow them click like on the
photo you'll see my face like and then
leave a comment and they're gonna pick
one of you guys to win a GoPro 3 a GoPro
3 what are the new ones what I used
yesterday thought that'd be a fun little
thing so the rules go to the amp energy
Instagram find my photo like that photo
and leave a comment pretty much saying
how awesome my face is
pretty simple rules and I knew you guys
would like it though Thank You amp
energy for hooking up the CTFxC how to
get your back inched higher lower weirds
me where they feel that feels amazing
there are french fries on my sandwich
mother of God
okay that's the Steeler Stadium right
y'all it is we're in Pittsburgh little
Riverwalk all right river board River
roll I want to get on that bridge where
does that bring found it is that where
him the things you find when I was in
the shower a cool little place this is
this is what I enjoy about toward the
boss it's just kind of you know well
before getting ready or just to kill
some time just called good venturing out
big dude going through the big dudes
legs alright let's go see what Ally's up
to there's another reason why I like the
tour vlogs so much cuz it's like every
day's a different city state sometimes
even different countries so like every
single day is something different
never boring it's always something new
ready
what's wrong what's in is there a spider
in there good yeah
I don't know what kind of spiders
Pennsylvania has what if it's a jumping
one no no you go there no I have a
curtain close to there see that language
that's eight eyes to see every direction
talking to my mom
say hi mom so the other day on reddit I
saw some clever person do this on a soda
machine and I just saw my opportunity so
I'm using Scotts printer for business
related matters of course right Scott of
course yeah I don't need those stinking
scissors apparently Ally knows how to
cut with her fingers you got you better
execute this perfectly sir ah screwed up
already
can I do it no you may not ma'am amazing
as the ice-t fat-fingers can't get a
match shut your mouth it is where are we
we're at stage a in Pittsburgh
Pennsylvania I love the internet and
read it
ma'am title okay I feel accomplished
today what did you guys do today
finally get to use these jerseys huh
where's yours Rhonda what are you doing
just iron out the competition
wieners a bunch of wieners we'll stay in
the shade that went down there was way
too intense come back with the skinny
weenies get him the rock get them gonna
try to get up there Walt
number one rule of climbing don't use
flip-flops honey I thought the number
one rule is don't fall when climbing
there we go you got it now you're on a
wall around a dumpster
you could have just walked right over
there golly who won how many points you
score Mills how many points you score
Dwight Howard versus an infant jump jump
into the dumpster it's safe just do like
the movies just jump in there there's
it's just all soft stuff come on you can
do it I'm here with Ally
Danny we're gonna pack of cards these
are a little bit different Ally
okay these are what we call marked cards
there's a a barcode on the side of the
deck and here's I want to show you I
want to show you that they're all mixed
up right I'm gonna have you say stop on
a card so just say stop anywhere you're
lying stop right yeah I'm gonna lift up
right where you said stop boom we're
gonna show it to you okay I'll show it
to the camera we have that barcode right
you got a card now here's what we're
gonna do watch I'm gonna give the cards
a cut
check this out watch the ink Ally it'll
start to spot we the Kings two times
okay kind of straight last chance
watch the WETA kings it'll it'll slow it
out one gigantic time we the Kings right
remember the beginning are seeing them
all mixed up they're all back a new deck
order ace through King and come back
your ally come back I need you because I
don't know what your card is I want you
to name it for me
the king of clubs fitting we the kings
here we go watch the way the Kings watch
if I shake up the ink I shake up the ink
it'll you'll actually get to spell out
yeah okay yes
that was do that again no you know what
the mate would be in the four diamonds
it would be the four hearts that would
make yeah we mean that would be the pair
and I would try to just get the four
parts okay so that's that would be the
male you did it like we'll take out the
the seven space so what would be the
mate seven claps the seven clubs so if
if I just how about if I just
let's see right about revolve maybe
right about there right my summer
clothes there they're mating you see
that's the King of Spades okay and
that's the eight and then that's the
every card is now paired up he not
higher watch the seven of spades if you
take a seven-speed watch a little shake
it'll change into the king of heart wood
and on the bottom we have a UK there's
one right watch the five watch if you
rub the five like this see that'll look
like the King of Spades you touched it
last
I'll take a random card I'll take a
random card from the middle like the
eight eight of Hearts yeah why watch the
eight a heart just a little shake at all
of a King of Diamonds what you get oh
man Beavis is just completely pulling
horse King apparently and Danny has an H
thanks to be this cut on a stay over
here that's right so we got HHH and
apparently I'm a whore whoa
Hori so don't forget guys if you want to
win that gopro3 to follow amp energy
like the photo and then leave a comment
and all the informations down there in
the description bar check it out but I
will see us tomorrow if you haven't
subscribed make sure to do so and
apparently I'm a horse that's the secret
phrase for today
Charles is a horse in other words that
just means I lost first okay bye guys
see what you did
psst
giddy with child tripping
where's he
with Sharpie an early
