by day two of scooter what did you eat
today drank my starbucks Frappuccino
that was in the race had my name clearly
written imperfect did you see this one
at the end will you finished it I saw
the name you saw the name talked about
it I tried so hard this winter who is it
what's the food court I looked I didn't
have any of it every about my hoarding
problem now we don't want now we see now
we see why Valley's helping there we go
teamwork so instead of like a day off we
thought it'd be kind of fun to do
another college show so the next couple
of days we're actually playing college
shows and it's so freakin hot right now
because we're kind of north where are we
we're in Virginia but it's so hot we
have to draw something oh you stopped it
the wind stopped right yeah okay cool II
draw something while hunters doing that
beautiful strikes I okay let's see what
it is what is it
it's just deep rock if you let it look
at it no it's a zebra look there's his
legs and there's his head and it's more
of a trap
I drank those zebra though flamingos
look Oh internet what do you see what is
the Internet
this song we've all been singing you
know that song right can you guys sing
it Coley has ruined our day he started
singing that this morning and now
everyone is randomly singing it now I
ruined your day I'm sorry where are you
going Zoey you going for a ride where's
Marley hey Bob are you go for a ride
ah what are you doing do you want to
pitch a 10 right there come on the
yellow ball comes out
get up get them get them get them
wait run away run away I'm having a
panic attack
I've never gone this long without
showers welcome to tour oh no Ben stop
touching it it's gonna make it worse
wait what normally had then stole my hat
so what else oh I mean I'm just a such a
complainer like these guys do this all
the time they go on stage and sweat and
sometimes I can't take a shower like you
know they do it all the like I am not
used to this this at all this is not
what I'm used to
not use the lifestyle nice to tour and
it goes all that sorry I'm polish
checking it out there's something on
fire because it makes no sense that I
haze are all inside it's like look at
the crowd you can see couple like should
we call the fire trucks it does legit
looks like a fire right now so for those
of you that don't know what a Heiser
does is it creates like a fog so that
the lights you can see the whole line of
a zombie and mythili makes it go choo
choo Carly's got a bar
like your hat good nice double
I keep breaking the face I hate breaking
it I broke that so this morning I
genuinely thought we were Virginia the
whole time and annotation turns out we
were in Indiana gelada I I genuinely
touch apparently tomorrow we're in today
but I genuinely thought I was break it
down the whole now you could do with
your brute strength I want to go to
there just a couple of dudes showering
and walk around just a couple of guys
who's watching my back she missed the
shot so Kohli keeps looking for
cheesesteak so I told him we should play
the game with disgusting jelly beans
toothpaste okay so you gotta use your
pear or booger
okay maybe be like oh I have absolutely
no idea what wasn't too bad for it being
a booger no okay me like which one is
that though there we go I don't like the
one you picked
oh my what if that was the coconut baby
what is it it's this one
yeah rotten egg or what we're buttered
tell me how there's moldy cheese
although moldy cheese is that one this
is do rotten egg rotten a taking way too
long to figure out what you just ate
whatever is this gross spin one thing
apart ones like butter but you get
centipede or strawberry jam you read so
one of these ones I have no idea what
you just walked into honey which is a
grass or it's literally I get licorice
or skunk like putting him out I hope
it's gonna do i oh
one bar fried egg rotten egg
oh hey
give it to you either way the worst this
is Mac to be good all right
here we go licorice ah so you still eat
this one moly whichever one you feel
comfortable moldy cheese not moldy
cheese you one spin again alright guys
so that is it for today's vlog it was an
absolute blast to play here in Indiana
pretty hysterical the Charles had no
idea that we were here he thought we
were in Virginia
definitely his tore brain getting all
melted if you guys have not subscribed
already please do and as always we will
see you tomorrow
love you guys good night
wait
merci he attacks me
with child tripping
it would be an ally
you
