all right taking drugs Minister how it
Alice is ministering the gospel oh my
god a serious Ali's homeopathic nostrils
clear okay yeah no that's good
isn't that helps though yeah we're gonna
clear Coley's nostrils take a good shot
of whiskey to your face right but you
breathe
that's the Cleveland was founded in the
early 70s never talked about the cruise
line back up into the vein and founded
this land okay and who were the first
settlers what were they called the
Browns and they set up shop along the
bay then they hired a man named the Bron
James of the president so says the
awning this is really cool they let
touring bands in for free and they
invited us to come hang out at the Rock
and Roll Hall of Fame you ready
play wait wait where's your metal sign
that's how you get in there okay Josiah
you can't access there okay there we go
it's your dream dude that's a huge
leader there's Mike turn from Green
Day's a bass from Woodstock in this
Chris Chris Martin Coldplay and there's
please bass maybe one day we'll see the
furniture base here the Rock and Roll
Hall of Fame right right right
this is rage against the machines
touring van Danny come on man step up
your game what is this
you want a gong in the back so I don't
know if you guys have ever seen drunk
history but when they were talking about
the badge this is the badge that we're
talking about DeeDee Ramones bass angus
young's outfit what is this is the
stones old road kiss Lennon's glasses
and license and guitar so many so I
remember I told you a long time ago my
dad in the 80s was in the Greg Allman
band Greg Allman is that the coveted
glow of Michael Jackson's love Metallica
stage prop fur and justice for all
now before logic and all that stuff they
use this to record albums so this is the
evolution of music their evolution
evolution evolution
it's so funny I had that number 52 it
was so interesting to when I went into
the store and I saw that I was like
really an mp3 player cause back then the
only way to get an mp3 was to do it like
illegally was to download off the
internet and I always thought it was
like the most interesting thing because
you can download a player which would
play illegal things I don't know is just
now the iPods everything this is kind of
interesting to see it evolution just in
my lifetime right here from Pink Floyd
the wall look at that Stairmaster so I
was actually at the tour where that was
I was like 2004 it was actually at the
Sun Dome I remember vividly because I
thought it was so cool
all right guys let's check out our new
bus this is pretty sweet
pretty this must been post this was my
boss back in the day this is a both bus
you set up with the TV the bathroom what
is that that's a nice toilet get a stove
in here
coffee maker quadruple-platinum guys we
get a stove it's gonna be freezin we do
where did they sleep
there's no beds he really only had this
for like the show I guarantee flew
everywhere and then we went to a
Starbucks and the girl said we have to
go to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and
a place called melt I can't
whoa all right Wow I'm sharing my
sandwich because I'm a good friend even
though yeah my banana it's a size of a
baby fried mozzarella sticks there's a
whole appetizer on my meal the teddy
scott has replaced my banana it was like
a plantain son of a bitch gave me a
plantain instead of a banana so Travis
gotten flu for the past few shows we're
not gonna cancel the show he's pushing
through trav you good
zooming you got this okay sir
right here Les Paul signs the wall at
House of Blues
the worst idea indeed a poop sandwich I
just feel it's like right here right
here right there was killed
yeah don't touch him is getting the
zombie virus is this sad that the minute
trav got sick everyone's immediate
response was he's turning into his ah
what's wrong are you too much sensory
today Wow like a pickle that's good
Wow like a pickle that's good they put
those little hot dog just say no easy
why say no when it feels so good to say
yes
it's unfortunate your damn pants on so
keep your pants on keep your damn pants
on
no since Kohli kind of uh went streaking
in the venue Holly dared me a hundred
bucks and I wouldn't go out there naked
are you definitely not paying your
monitor bucks oh my god dude you're
Esther so take it long we have a limited
no don't do that
do some squats
oh yeah how late are the bars open
they're coming around pay up pay up
victory
let's go streaking balls of steel don't
like to lose a bet kid in the streets oh
you got money for it so today's question
of the day as in the comments I want to
know the craziest thing you've ever done
if you guys haven't subscribed yet make
sure to do it maybe we can get us maybe
nerd rock next to do some crazy but
never like you want to do some crazy
bets next okay alright guys so that's it
for today's video be sure to subscribe
if you haven't already and as always we
will see you - give me some ideas the
bet nerd rock now in the comments all
right bye guys
it's hardly wait
where's the esse
with trippy
with Gianelli don't forget so anymore
you
