hello internets we are in Baltimore
Maryland that's true that is true and
that's a taxi I think it's a world war
two monuments from Auschwitz wow that's
scary
alright we just got some deja vu Ali
just pointed out this is where we came
with Damien Alicia
which was when really long time but why
were we here a virgin free fest
alright this is Katie and Travis is
going to try to interrogate her her
father is we just found out it's an
interrogator so we're going to try it on
her a try as just a friend of Katie not
not her father and I'm gonna try to
figure out which ones are the truth and
which ones otherwise okay so she wrote
down the three things on August 7th
three things happened internet tell us
which one's the lie which was the truth
based on do you know that the agree I'm
like a bird sanctuary do you want to do
the aquarium aviary you want to go ride
paddle boats if you want to go I'll go
to the aquarium yeah but Ducks how close
do you know fit a mini speedboat buddy's
Padawans yeah a little bird go one yes
yes 100% yes you need the kitty one all
right safety first that's safe he's safe
those dragons are dangerously funny
about this thing okay so I put it on now
it's just around my neck so when I go in
the water is just gonna be like Nance
but keep your head afloat whole point I
do i green purple or green you want
purple all right start pedaling start
pedaling steadily let's turn it into a
speed dragon dragon dragon seal fast we
can go with our dragon ready one two
three
all right mistake number one we should
have gotten a giant dragons should got a
small one it's so much look at what
space we have
we should go past the buoy what are they
gonna do like I think I just imagined be
like hey doing the green dragon come
back here and they're like what are you
gonna do about it
and it just cuts to them like pedaling
have to come home feel like we've been
pedaling forever we're stranded out in
the water just can't dragonflies let's
deal with us onward
I got tired so Ali's pedaling now why
are we going in circles I feel like this
is gonna be the hardest thing to
kitchens we wanted to I don't think we
could tip the strike thank you for the
confidence honey baby reverse punch it
watch it I want to go I can't see it
captain because there's a damn dragon
headed knife it's up my shark I want to
flip the dragon and you help me for five
seconds and I promise I'll be relaxing
this is hands-down the dumbest thing I
could possibly do before show I feel
like we go faster backwards
legit I think we go faster backwards so
you think there's charts in these waters
is a river
let's gotta lead somewhere there's a
duck let's go get them engage Wow Wow
yeah you can drag that was a duck do you
see that duck was big just came over
here he just farted and just quack and
walked away did you see him then you
heard him right
you heard the duck right you know what'd
be really really boasts as if you just
frickin tailwhip this into a parallel
park okay let's drift this
defiant nailed it nailed it holy this is
a big mall Starbucks so we had to stop
and get some it's like Italian ice is
like Rita's I'm so good right we kiss
baby but babe give me a kiss baby
come on steak number one never go blue
never go blue is my orange there's
actually totally fine
yep the fight go Florida orange it'll
help thank you so we're just people
watching right now oh my god he does
look like a turtle do you ever do that
just sit on a park bench and just people
watch Philly that's what birds do you
know like when a bunch of birds are
staring at you I feel like they're just
people watching so we were walking back
and I wasn't paying attention
I literally just ran into a psychic now
it doesn't sound like anything when I
just say that but if she was a psychic
should shouldn't she have known I was
going to run into her
ah you forgot to add guacamole much lupa
come back to fight for your shit - they
forgot to add the guacamole - right
super please give me before jeopardy
last week I broke Alex Trebek
toriel million in the nutsack Danny go
over there I bawled of Steel tell the
Internet are balls of steel by under
gallons by holding your paw I'm gonna
punch you in the vagina you asked for it
what a punch you in the vagina you know
you have been messing with my ball day
you deserved that you're mad because
there's nothing you can do about it I'm
gonna ovary punch you in a second the
second this alerts
just gonna gonna leave the door open or
we not do we not closed doors when we PE
around here I guess not it was an
emergency
I guess I'm Carl the man the mailman
Malone this is my favorite man did you
poke the bus sorry I forgot to wipe yeah
cosney this coach days like all right
who did this you said it's so casually
it's so wet it's just so perfect
the way that was actually in the toilet
we're gonna have a little movie night
and you get to sum up what this is the
slowest cheese in the universe so we're
having that's what you're gonna be after
you finish eating that good no no
that'll be the opposite okay as well as
time to go if this is first video don't
forget to subscribe and I will see you
guys tomorrow as always have a great
night all right so Baltimore wanted to
say good night
wait
were sexy
giddy with child tripping
with trippy
don't forget going
you
