good morning guys well technically it's
morning it's 2 a.m. and there are still
a ton of people still in Times Square we
haven't left yet yesterday we were here
we played a show and we the entire day
didn't get a chance to walk around Times
Square I know it's like New Yorkers
always say it's like the armpit of New
York like it's so tacky and stupid but
like I don't know like this is cool it's
like people come all over the world to
see this and it's kind of funny thing
about it they just come to see
advertisement yeah this advertisement is
pretty much through everyone's face
what's that movie with Tom Cruise we're
trying to find MTV but when we went to
what was it it was New Year's Eve
remember how many years ago was two
years ago it was Jesse and Jeana and us
we went to New Year's Eve we're trying
to remember where it was like 1515
Broadway New York New York nine double O
seven eight or something like that but I
just remember that or was that
Nickelodeon that movie with Tom Cruise
he's running here and everything's like
this okay if you know what movie I'm
talking about tell me in the comments
because I'm too lazy to Google New York
City time to where we gotta go time to
think of night time so no this is the
morning this is the beginning of the
vlog time to say good morning time span
yeah it's pretty late early we're going
to Philly now all right
so it gets smashed by cab in the next
clip we're heading to Philly oh my god
ATD is setting in right now good morning
and now we are in Philly like a dog with
a ball right now and so funny you chase
it like what are you doing
draining that cold no no no no touch
Travis gave it to you
you're like a vampire I wanted to
actually say thank you to VW in Google
for allowing Ally and I to play around
the smile drive app really fun that kind
of you know basically show I would
actually show on the phone basically
show our trippy trip and click on it and
see all our badges this is what I think
this is when we were walking around
Times Square then you can go up here to
the top right I think it shows you the
whole Drive log what we did and we
started Oh some photos
they keep scrolling down this is cool
how this keeps keeps track for that
entire trip one of the questions that a
lot of you guys were asking me on
Twitter is if the smile cast app is only
compatible to a VW yeah yeah I just
wanna pass to Zach eating some fruit
right now eat the fruit it's so good but
yeah as you can tell we are on a tour
bus so the answer is you could use any
car so giant bus so again Ali and I
really want to say thank you to VW and
Google for allowing us to play around
with a smile drive app I think it's a
nice little fun way to you know kind of
remember in addition to filming your
your trip so yeah thank you guys golly
pop popcorn no don't judge me for this
this is not mad at all no can't pop
popcorn with a hole
excuse me nerd rockin it yeah I'm taking
it with the stuff that I use for my
headband why is that gaff tape no
literally you can think of anything and
I think they're Drock and fixing it for
me
apparently Scott has organized a Taco
Bell bus or truck to come out I think it
was your request probably so we're
trying to walk around and try to find
something guy oh hi we're going to
panaderia la SP go do that close now
there's a little line over one of the
vowels that's the one you put the accent
on on that idea
I like Zacks way real bad I thought that
was just a dot you know what this
reminds me of in Valencia remember those
little shops in Valencia there's all
ingredients for tacos there doc sniff
out the tacos you're good at this
whoa look at this album artwork kimchi
borracho is volume three but they have
two things of cereal do you want Captain
Crunch or Honey Smacks hello and he has
this shirt on for now
the show's gonna get pretty rowdy this
is buddy Eric let's go you don't need
these droids and still word that's not
even though everyone in this star Star
Wars fans are just going like this do my
favorite quote that you do get the
barbeque mac and cheese I bear my dong
we've got the same thing yeah you know I
wanted to be a hipster so and so
whenever you're drinking Mountain Dew
I know that it probably came from here
tell me
so in honor the Gina and Jesse are here
we had to do this so the goal is to
basically convince Scott that somebody
pooped on the bus later
I don't know well let's see if it works
I
that's a good one that's a good one
okay we're survivors come on nerd Rock
fix it
I gave nerd Rock the hammer if he fixes
everything Gina I feel like the ring
right now there's a taco somewhere in
that man going on a quick while I'll run
son I can't say it wah-wah-wah-wah we
run wall up Wow guess I found a good one
look at it okay I go I get some yogurt
and some cereal Ali gets this I miss you
remember you go CTFxC thanks for
watching today's vlog it we'll see you
tomorrow
and as always peace old street you told
me to do Bible do it son yeah doesn't
that say Bernard so I'm just gonna go to
bed now and lock the door it's the only
thing I can do in this house to be safe
all right
oh wait how he's on the other side so we
are leaving Philadelphia but everyone
wants to say good night so
Travis you feel like you're in a cage
good feel like a cage right now and my
hardly wait
yes
get it with y'all trippin
yet with Gianelli don't forget tomorrow
you
