hi and I think Charles is looking for
his camera Izzie hey Charles annealing
for your camera hey Kelly you got ice
Carrie I know very scary my teeth or
watch out for this Stan oh what's this
what's this was it camera Thor and then
what is that the mace nice climbing
legatee the mace of window this is
someone dangerous someone dangerous oh
yeah I've been like a monkey laughter I
was eating bananas because I can't have
caffeine anymore
every time your banana in the morning I
get like super hyper I'm going to the
front of a nice nerd rock I love it oh
there's an escalator in this venue like
Aerosmith dude living on the edge
I've always wanted to do this another
thing crossed off the bucket list of the
store the special surprise we're finally
able to show you I'm gonna cut to Josiah
filming this right okay we're gonna just
tap it off my lens has seen way worse
than this so we're in New York City and
as you guys know we've been filming
these videos every single day without
missing a day for almost five years
completely straight whatever this says
up there that many days without missing
a day we've even got in touch with a
certain company called the Guinness
World Records
we got an e yeah on the Guinness World
Record Lucas I got goose bumps
this was one of the bucket lists I had
as a kid to get in the Guinness World
Records
congratulations yeah you guys are
officially amazing officially official
you're everything this is really awesome
so this is part of the CTFxC right now
the CTFxC has a Guinness World Record
thank you guys so much for making this a
possibility so I just wanna say thank
you to Guinness World Records for doing
this is recognizing
I think baby free yes Vicky negative
time from her movies now shamrock out on
the stage because it's a sold-out show
hi chosen Eileen down from Guinness
World Records here you tweeted up an
email that's recently to say that you've
been posting daily video blogs and
YouTube for over four years and so be
honest we weren't sure whether to
believe you at first it's rocking thing
it's more difficult than it looks
trust me well we've looked into in some
detail spoken to YouTube and it turns
out that you've been vlogging
consistently for longer than anyone else
so I'm delighted to present you with
this certificate for the most
consecutive daily video blogs posted on
YouTube so it can be let's give you this
in person but you can catch write a like
Hulk Hogan right there
alright gotta rip your shirt now I just
bought this shirt I thought about it for
a brief second
every drunk guy and every concert you
want to know how I have no friends on
this tour Ali and I were just talking
about a shake shot with the Josiah we
should totally go with all of our
friends that are so nice and want to go
with us hi Danny
do I know you guys I can finish that for
you Toby Oishi come on Danny all in one
nerd rocks Great White Buffalo is in New
York she's a great way Buffalo Great
White Buffalo ever plunder is nervous I
was like I'm never gonna see her again
and then you're like this morning and
she was there
Oh No nice cash for an Ally's favorite
city I love it that what you're gonna do
now
okay hey you guys like peppers and ice
cream
we got a minute let's do the Zack but
suppose oh you got a post guys could you
please step out of the yellow line I'm a
little nervous please don't okay Oh
that may be so nervous you have no idea
true videographer that thing literally
like it blew me away and then something
bad Zack hang on for dear life to
jettison paddle on frontier Pat White
had alambre door doors I know that it's
like the paddle of the training that you
fought just yank it yeah he's good you
know it's the strength of you know the
force of straw was a strong with it
unique New York unique you need what's
New York
I need New York I wanted needed you
think I want a need unique New York
cuz you're a linguist you know to do
that red leather yellow leather
hey we got you a gift group in there yes
Oh making me Hank little love it we got
my motorcycle you're here am i voice
where in the world is Allie Creek and
Trippi let's think about this the first
vlog the first day of the vlogs
Allie and I went to a Boston Red Sox
game the last day before the game is to
get done the Guinness record we snuck
into Fenway Park at a Boston Red Sox
game I just thought that was weird
coincidence that just before the
Guinness records it was an actual Red
Sox game and when we started with actual
red something we have to go to Ally's
favorite play necessity when we go to
New York my big dumb face is on a giant
billboard in Times Square my big dumb
face in Times Square
that's my dumb face it sure has been
some face since wearing
hi this sir we're in the bathroom right
now because it's super loud in the green
room and there's obviously a place we
can film anything really loud on the
stage and people yelling all that stuff
anyway I added some more photos to our
little trip you trip across America
anyway so I just wanted to remind you
guys if you haven't taken the time to go
check out our trippy trip across America
once you go and click the link down in
our description now watch you guys to
click the recap video so you basically
can watch our entire trip and there's
like bunch of photos and stuff you guys
are going on a road trip anytime soon ah
foot it oh you're just aa Chopin I want
you guys to use this app and then at
reply your little road trip and to our
Twitter's in that way we can kind of
check it out too so yeah go check out
our little trip hit the recap video and
yeah hope you guys liked it
are you serious hi Tim vo let's see this
Kumada this so look at that you were
born in the wrong era way wrong yeah I
should have been a t yeah I should've
been blown and Kohli was Oh where's
Kohli he's not here I thought you get
away with that baby or Dakota Great
Depression that one more time
Oh
if you couldn't tell what's happening we
remove the drumhead we're gonna we're
gonna miss somebody's and keep it cute
if you have no idea they are google them
they become huge we're going to be
buggin the head right mark my luck my
boy Marty right Martin yeah I just came
out here just to look at this thing the
thing is you guys have no idea how much
this is
yeah it's Guinness World Records but you
guys don't know the significance of this
like when I first started doing this
stuff it started as a bet like I've told
all you guys it started as a bet when I
started doing YouTube stuff and then it
turned into a hobby then it turned into
a job which is no shame in that you want
to because you do with something that
you love to turn your job it just turned
into this massive family community it I
don't know it's just it's so crazy to
think things evolved and how big things
are and like as much as this says
Charles and Ally right here this is this
is all of you guys it has all your names
written on this right now and I mean
that from the bottom on you guys you
know this is this is cool this is legit
and I think this is an awesome thing for
the CTFxC the family core and no I just
wanted to I wanted to tell you guys that
and it's just so much more meaningful I
did something by myself you only mean
and I just wanted to say thank you guys
and this is awesome
I hopped up front sitting there with
Coltrane here I just wanted to see how
he does this drive it in Times Square
we're legit in Times Square right now
and I want to I want to apologize on
behalf of the entire band
the cops were kicking us out we weren't
able to say hi to every single person in
New York but we'll try to wander around
know we're in New York City and we're
about to leave but of course because I
couldn't say
say goodnight
you too
hey where's baby at sexy
giddy with child trippy
yes with 15 Harry don't forget to
