all right first things first I had got
my morning coffee next up is the st.
Pete house to see if we have power we
got news this morning from our neighbor
Brad he was saying that his power turned
on early this morning which makes me
super hopeful that our power is on
doesn't mean that it is but I am
definitely super hopeful hopefully with
this next clip you're gonna see me
jumping up and down really excited that
I can not only turn on the light I can
turn on the air-conditioning and do a
lot more fingers crossed
I can't tell if there are any lights on
inside first off because I don't know if
we left anything or no outside lights on
I think it's your lane I think I feel
like I love you like I love you like I
love you like I love all you lifestyle
of all you lights I love this light over
here I love you I love air conditioning
I love lights oh my god I know this
thing's a little extreme but it's been
very hard going from house to house to
house house especially with the animals
and it's kind of like we don't want to
be a burden to anybody but my heart is
so happy right now that the power is
officially on which means that we can
actually come back to our house I'm so
freakin happy hey guess what we have
power excited hello yeah get that a fika
it's going it's on no y'all to mama want
to work on that okay I'm heading back
right now we can go home now okay are
you happy I like walked up to the house
and there's no lights on the outside so
I'm like oh my gosh our power is not on
my prayers on and I looked through the
kitchen window and I couldn't see any
lights and then as soon as I opened up
the door
the
err I felt air-conditioning and then I
saw a few lights and I was freaking out
all right I love you I'll see you soon
bye you ready you guys ready go get your
brother - there you go home
you ready hang out in that air
conditioning and that Wi-Fi you know
gets close let's go there we go oh my
voice can't get that high we are home I
am digging this right now only problem
is the Wi-Fi is not working yes I know
it's terrible so I got to figure out
what's going on with everything right
now this is how it goes in this house AC
Wi-Fi lights those are the three main
things and then maybe running water
below all that it's not important what
if I just kidding it is oh my gosh it's
so disgusting I could smell now
apparently there was food and the
dishwasher that we couldn't clean
obviously so she's about to lose it
I'll be up with the fridge back - oh and
bite get rid of everything inside it
well it's not quite the same but it'll
do for now maybe during the winter we'll
get a like a discount or something like
that after being back in that house
maybe really miss the swimming pool
especially in the heat I think we should
try again so we got the cat the
scratching thing which is hilarious
because it's so expensive and it's just
it's just part way and it came with
catnip I just have to say the way catnip
is actually packaged doesn't that look a
little Shady
our cat is going to be way I guess we
can't give it to her yet she's gonna go
up and down the street this feeling cat
walking she's gonna hold down
a little cat cage and she's gonna throw
a like that everything is leaking
we should have removed the ice out of
the thing here let me help you out
making you do it all Oh John Cena mere
drop put this on our refrigerator
without knowing I think about a year ago
it's just leaking over here and this
luckily most of them open its condiments
and bottled drinks so we should be okay
our blackberries
looking clean just makes you like Barney
was saying it's just freaking wasteful
you know this room is on this reminds me
of my fridge in college
he's just completely empty maybe some
hot dogs and some peanut butter how is
the rubber everything like you had
condiments ramen noodles I'm in bread
yeah you know when you could always make
do you can always make something this
whole music has the same hook over it
over it literally the same thing over
and over it's like they only have the
right I Lisa I just have a quick
question for you
I'm just kind of reading about the whole
power outages that's crazy
apparently there's over six million
Floridians that don't have power or
didn't have power and get this okay so
the FAA has been working with private
drone operators to survey damage so like
basically looking at things like outside
of vehicle accessibility they've been
using drones to check or power lines
have been fallen and transformers have
exploded so under the six million four
point four million are still without
power and we're one of those four point
four million what is the population of
Florida as of 2015 the population of
Florida is twenty million two hundred
seventy one thousand two hundred seventy
two a lot of people apparently Jose that
hurricane that was right after her
Irma Irma it was certain swing around
and that kind of just dissipated became
a tropical storm it's now a hurricane
again and then there are two more
hurricanes and when I even halfway
through hurricane season so there's that
guy and then there's one thing his Norma
and there's another one that could
potentially hit the East Coast again
it's bad there's some more thunder right
there so right there that guy is Jose
that if we swing down here there are two
more creeping on up and there's worse
Florida is that Florida I can't tell ya
so that's what we're kind of looking at
right now so hopefully this guy swings
out here and goes away from us right
back out there it's crazy last few a few
Vegas weeks I've become like a
meteorologist I noticed like everybody
on the internet has become a
meteorologist yeah that one looks kind
of freaky does it look like it's gonna
come towards I say Peter camp or
anything like that but still we don't
want that that's bad
that needs to blow quite far away from
us I don't know what's going on these
guys I don't like it you just got a call
that I guess stay to the right to i-275
South Brandon Brandon I gotta go all the
way back down to the the house in
Sarasota because I guess there's gonna
be a showing tomorrow morning we weren't
planning on that so we were gonna get
everything huh when I fly out I gotta go
down there pick up some stuff and stay
to the right to I start South but
Brandon rod did better got a rush back
a lot of a lot of traveling at least we
have power that's all that matters
ally and I are kind of panicking right
now I came down here to grab a few of
the things so that way I can work at the
house and safety so that way things get
done we didn't know about the showing
tomorrow until just now so I kind of
have to scramble and clean everything
and move everything because we really we
got in here think I'm good
a little bit of trash that's about it
time to get back in a race back over
there yeah so I'm not like whoo I forgot
how much the top stacked in this echo no
wonder Marley's bark isn't incredibly
piercing here well then it really looks
like I'm moving right now I almost
forgot everything in the refrigerator
because I was spacing out so much it was
actually really kind of funny I was
cleaning the bathroom where the little
kitten was she kept sticking her feet
and her food like that idiot so when I
was cleaning you see a little baby like
cat prints like everywhere I like but
they were like the size of my pinky my
pinky now is actually pretty cute as
annoying as it was as thank you as you
can see things are getting back to
normal I can wear a mask and it's not
melting off my face we're actually doing
all the laundry that we accumulated
during the hurricane because we didn't
really do actually we didn't do any
laundry during the hurricane sewers
there you go so we didn't cleaned out
the entire series so the house that
that's all done thanks to char high-five
while he was there I start doing this
house I had the whole house clean that
he walked in and brought everything and
put it everywhere and got dirty again
but that's what happens when you are
transferring things so I looked over
that stuff on the hurricane - it still
looks like it's coming from floor
like one two three of them creep it up
this time if it does happen we're a
little bit more prepared you don't
really know what to expect for the
hurricane but I definitely think we're
more prepared this time because we have
all the things that we had for herma
which very thing before we definitely
can't afford to adopt another kid we're
happy we were able to save this little
one actually we heard all throughout
like Tampa and st. P there's tons of
people that were saving animals that can
right and that just warms my heart so
much and I love it I love it they love
it hopefully these next hurricanes do
not hit us bad because oh there's a
scary time and I definitely know one had
to go through that again
start
no no no no no no
I guess I'm pretty good I get to one oh
never mind forget what I just said
alright guys well I hope you enjoyed
today's video I am completely keeping an
eye on this stupid hurricane crab we
just got back I'm gonna watch some
Simpsons and do my complete traditional
thing so I will see you guys tomorrow
please don't forget to subscribe you
guys are brand new see you guys mom fine
