good morning guys we are well it's
pretty obvious where we are right now
well if you didn't know you should know
now so we're playing at the Boston House
of Blues it is huge
scooter how many people are coming
tonight two thousand people will be
coming in tonight all to see Kohli yep
oh I'm gonna start the show with a joke
oh you got a joke what has two thumbs
and loves I'm sorry I had the sense of
that you gotta come to this show to hear
call these jokes I'm like the Wong
yeah totally
you're just here
like Mario Kart here where to go
it was literally and I went you like
roll my sleeve up how's romasaa I am
magic poker yeah you don't mess with me
wait what the hell's this
yeah Mario Kart ah sorry Ally is taking
over every dressing room you need more
on your toe it makes it nice and soft
wait does it go your hair me manques
banana peel that dude he's wearing a
Yankees jersey
here in bought out my head where's the
other one oh my god they're two of they
feel so bad for them right now we're so
this is our line right there
all right for our show and I want to
show you this then this is the line for
the Red Sox game and our line is bigger
our lines bigger Travis that's bigger
this luck is wider and bigger we're
gonna go walk around this craziness okay
so like I'm saying they're playing the
Yankees tonight and we have a show
tonight so when this lets out this lets
out and it's just gonna be all around
pandemonium tonight
I'm gonna get it hi I'm hoping the Red
Sox win because I feel like yeah the bus
might be tipped over right now
I've never been the detection of Boston
we came here like a couple I guess I was
a month and a half ago but I've never
actually seen Fenway Park posting more
pic we're outside of Fenway this is so
cool we have never been to this part of
Boston and we've never been to Boston on
a game day now I know you've been
keeping track of it and we've mentioned
it for the past couple days we're still
doing our smile cast of our road trip
all the way to our surprise the viewer
and so far been so lab taking where
pictures are maybe you didn't know the
link down there for a smile cast we've
been uploading photos that we aren't
uploading anywhere else so you can go
view those and comment on those and tell
us fun stories and if you want to see
really dumb photos of me vlogging I mean
you guys always do screen grabs and be
making dumb faces anyway but these are
what do we do do we do anything bad
we're in trouble
I think maybe in trouble yeah fired
right new mission I want all you guys on
road trips to download the app and do
your own smile drives a smile cast and
stuff like that because this is it's a
lot of fun I think I'm gonna do this
every single time maybe there is oh yeah
that's cool because now we're gonna get
I mean we're gonna remember this forever
with the vlogs but you know it's like a
different aspect of like sort of
chronicling everything that we've done
in our lives which is really
we have terrible memories so straight
breasts well I want to take a bad photo
this is just for you guys
all right there so there is so much food
everywhere this is like this is what a
baseball game should be like this crazy
pandemonium I didn't realize I was in
the right you just told me I was in the
road don't see a sign like that normal
Asia hi hi this is kelp fries oh no just
watching my head dad joke females this
reminded me I should be filming this you
should be filming this I forgot about it
he's like why aren't you filming this
weird about to do the tour photo right
now everyone's begin us are we are we
waiting that Scott Lawson right now
Tommy's looking skinny hey skinny boy
we're waiting on you all right now all
right
I pulled an ab I have so many that I'm
still waiting on Scott
I got a sausage in a hot dog you know it
was hilarious no no snob a hotdog fan
over here oh my gosh oh this is a
chocolate I'm sorry I was trying to be
sweet at least Monica saw it I was
holding it out for Ali and apparently I
didn't know was a chocolate cup and it
just these have stuff to eat it hold it
from the base I did open up for the
airplane it's a helicopter to Kuwait
this helicopter girl the bay doors have
to be open oh no he's a new pilot he
does not give a cute borrowed Kohli for
a little bit it's always a party with
you guys oh is the party they've been
walking around better venue like that
go check your students we made some
friends Ali made some friends with us
some people in Fenway there's the
monster
one of the best things my parents have
taught me my mom taught me it never
hurts to ask that my dad taught me sound
like you know what you're doing and
people never question it
one of the first students Ali and I
talked about when we first started
dating was those things and now Ali got
us in the Fenway i legit wanted to see
the Green Monster
hey come on sir this is legit one of my
favorite ballparks too
of course getting a whoopie pie for
peach
whoopie pie so as of right now the
Yankees are up seven or eight to one so
I'm going inside right now because I'm a
little fearful got a trim back the man
beard it's on your clock so bad I was
like scooping I literally think if you
scared I'm trying to photograph the
talent here please ma'am can I have my
bass back ma'am I need
so I get spin and scoot look at this the
TM Depot or to a man just like the tour
manager depot your moral support right
now this is the bracket so far I got to
play Cole's be right now you gotta tell
me in the comments who the new team that
you want to win anyway guys brush your
teeth and then we're going to go to bed
tomorrow is New York City and then we
get to that special surprise I guess I
guess we get to show it to you so I need
to get my beauty sleep so I will see yes
tomorrow
have a great night so we're leaving
Boston but first as always they were
supposed to say good night
but never got
it's hardly wait
yes
which all trippy
through it with champion
