so we just got back in America is what
Ali is doing already okay
not even 30 seconds
skipper she's having fun though
oh there she goes icky wakey-wakey what
what I don't know that you're weird
come faster go away here let me tune oh
you put down down down sit
nerd rock is fixing something that I
broke again yeah so last night you
handed me your yellow bass when you're
supposed to be playing your yellow bass
which confused the crap out of me
because I'm like dude come on and then
your hands be you're like look and I
look at the cable and it's missing its
quarter-inch end and it was broken off
on the inside of the input jack right
there I don't know what I did but I'm
proud yeah that's rock and roll that's
rock and roll man Alley is slowly
getting used to
showering in a sink it's happening
having fun happening the glitz and
glamour of toy life why'd you hurt your
thumb how'd you do that you don't know
how you did that no come on you do it ah
look at that
aliens trying to open it and she wanted
me to open it look I knew it I had faith
in you
shut up hey faith in you wow did you
just claim that is that your closet now
the only ones in here do your best hair
wet that's a pretty good hair whip on
Thanks
so remember yesterday I was talking
about we were doing the smile drive for
the the tour and I just wanted to show
you guys what happened last night
we got a lot of stickers you basically
you get stickers and there's something
called punches something we didn't get
it you know punch bag okay yes so last
night we drove from Canada to where we
Strasburg
in Pennsylvania all right so we got a
smile score or 5,000 574 we drove 361
miles in eight hours we got nine
stickers yeah nine newbee night look all
the night a house
basically all right so thank you
basically you can click on it we drove
over 100 miles in one go Road
connoisseur 200 miles happens after
midnight I you know what high five nine
and one go I want to see what else is
available here friendly face puts the
same Volkswagen twice early-bird Eskimo
incognito quickie I feel like we can get
all these there's a lot of them so my
new goal is to get all of the badges
it's like one of those things where like
when you show you like achievement
points or like just accomplishments that
you have to do you have to be like OCD
get like every single thing Ally for
example when she plays video games has
to get every single accomplishment who
else is like that when they play video
games be honest tell me the comments but
I'm just a runner I just run through I
just want to get I just want to watch
the whole storyline unfold and yeah and
if you don't remember from yesterday the
link down there you can click on it and
you can go check out the the road trip
and I think all the photos will be
uploaded there and you can see where
we're at and all this fun stuff so we're
in the north and it was but the girl
heard me
and she was like I'm from Kentucky if he
wants to sweetie I'll cook you up a real
good batch it was like but I'm gonna
make myself one too yeah and I had to go
to the bar to get some root beer that's
the root beer right there whoo don't air
it out go air it out alie just farted
who says girls don't fart private Oh
magic
my Mary
this is jordyn song but hey pal he's got
a cannon on her ball strew ah that was
like ball level right there literally
this time dinner table dinner time
dinner time first round vana Ali you're
fighting
oh gosh all right Danny hey Jay first
round
all right guys first round I want you
guys to pick your winners I'm going
against nerd rock want to see the demon
alley
that's demon me okay let me show you
normal what is that normal what singing
Kevin you know this one
oh it is
who's got the flu
he calls me since we're waiting on you
you have to sing it
no I can't see anything we got to go we
got a good stitch we gotta go
I saw you're always you know you're not
you'd be upstairs already
good job being inside this is what
Kohl's we has to deal with every time
before show
no more romance unlock this is what I do
our stage
so you did towels super lady come here
Oh fight fight
get up get get him with the talc in with
the doll sweetheart I love your wife
where is what for that's me walking in
right now
to meet you guys I now do push-ups so
you can actually do it yeah you do that
it's a shoulder shrug do it and if
you've ever wondered how they managed to
fold this giant thing Beavis is a master
folder so is that good not playing right
now easier to talk a lot of trash how
long has it been since I've seen you
like I know Warped Tour it's been a long
time so we're just wait where's Ally I
lost her and the tournament begins Cole
a nervous now Beavis you nervous
I can't your last row
we've got tea mills on the bus are you
playing you're really bad you have a
FIFA tournament right so you gotta be
the Keynes so we got FIFA going and we
got NCAA so too much stress going on
good now you let it go oh my god you
almost nailed me what are you doing
honestly I don't even know what's
happening all right well we gotta go
it's time to go we're actually going to
Ken Annette kinetic Venice oh I've had
way too much candy whoa whoa Colby
there's a very important FIFA game going
out we gotta get an update okay so I
will see you guys tomorrow hopefully the
tournament begins yeah have you brand
new to the videos don't forget to click
Subscribe even though who are deep into
this tour it's getting crazy and crazier
every day so I will see you guys
tomorrow
have a great night
it's hardly wait
worse yet sexy
with y'all trippin
we're
with Dirty Harry don't forget to
you
