come on birthday girl we get that late
on wake up wake up birthday girl
week one birthday girl we go
wake up the old lady let's go call these
first time same day going into one of
those Toronto dungeons dun dun dun dun
dun da baby was gonna hit everything I
got the red taxi so we're like oh they
put the cushions here that was actually
for cold what are you doing
glasses just a little too bright in here
man so since I've been on tour for a
while it's what is it was about a month
and a half right now and Ali's been
technically out on the road she's
actually finishing the rest of the tour
by the way it's essentially the longest
road trip I think so longest one we've
ever had right along this road trip
we've ever had
Volkswagen and Google partnered up on a
app called smile Drive and they thought
it'd be like really perfect for us to
try since we're on the tour bus and
we're going basically all over the
country what the app does is it
basically records your road trip it adds
like little punches little stickers I'll
show you guys over the next couple days
or what all this stuff is but the cool
thing is is it records your road trip so
at the end of your road trip you have a
nice little summary a nice little video
you could have pictures let's start the
app alright and go to create smile cast
and what do we want to call it how a
trip a trip across America feature yeah
I like that
trippy trip across America wordplay the
one to auto upload the photos and then
hit start smile cast oh yes add it you
can add passengers a tally your jerk
you're gonna add me to the road trip
alright alright add you all right now
you're my passenger now we are auto
upload the photos start it ready for a
road trip
oh this is fun alright so once you're
ready to be trip across America so your
smile casting is progress so every time
you drive you hit start drive then you
end drive when you're done driving don't
do not hit and smile yeah that one do
not do it do not do it no don't do it
until the end of the road trip so yeah
we're gonna start our road trip now so I
just want to say thank you to Volkswagen
and Google
sponsoring this video and allowing Ali
and I to basically record our entire
road trip I mean we film every single
day of our lives I think they thought it
would be a really good idea to actually
record our road trips too but yeah the
next couple days I'll show you guys our
smiles score throughout the trip and any
photos you guys can follow along as well
so yeah thought was kind of cool
you're like it's just what is part what
is wrong with you like Marley she
doesn't do that she's got just the back
of her mother I don't like my brand new
prototype show you guys the prototype
okay so we're at a place called the
Prohibition gastro house speakeasy
everyone's speaking very loudly and very
hardly they're yelling hard okay
I got a lead on the root beer kick to
try the Canadian root beer I'm rule
number one when trying root beer
no God no spit it out I was told to show
you this - on your birthday
can't go to Canada without getting
poutine poutine beats a poutine run run
Brook oh my god it looks like a horse
eating something I was like what is that
it's like that YouTube video it's a
horse look at that horse every title of
the law
what is Ali's official birthday we're
all taking a nice little birthday shot
it gets to be half a keep it cute right
now with us to Ellie's birthday she is
only 21 this is a letter that I wrote
Crowley what's the cover okay the reason
we laughed about this with somebody
actually gave this to somebody else
serious and and all seriousness because
they said something maybe we've been
through the wringer lately
oh my god duty on me my hair that's a
really good chocolate okay yeah right
for Ali this is too hard this is for all
the times that you've pranked me and
I've never been able to get you back ok
sketchy skiving some I invite you are
you it's been really fun so far I was
able to have Tim Hortons today yeah
country we haven't all been together
like this since we were in Florida you
got back to Canada before I did yeah
bye guys this way and just make
everybody set up by hi by the belt was
the double bell girl six seven six acute
30:21 get less than a minute left of
your birthday now it's how do you ever
so it's over yeah
I just learned to actually say serious
thank you to everybody in Canada you
guys brought me some amazing letters and
cards and gifts and it was awesome so
thank you use them anyway so say if your
phrase is this happy birthday Alli she's
an old lady oh wow that was so sweet it
usually murdered it thank you guys we'll
see you actually in about ten minutes
we're gonna be entering back into
American America and so we gotta hit the
vlog now but we'll see you guys tomorrow
if you're brand new to the videos don't
forget to click Subscribe and yeah we'll
see you guys like always all right so we
were told not to make it look like any
noise otherwise I'm going to prison in
Canada so everyone just wants a wave
good night from Canada
waiter
were safely attached me
get it with y'all trippin
yes
with Dirty Harry don't forget to
you
