good morning ready we're on our way to
Canada
so we are getting ready to go to a place
a country that Ali has never been
there's Travis sir sir you see Charles
no no where is it Whitney she's there
she's there don't take all my stuff
that's not in it no no no let's go stop
stop this is why we can't have nice
things
let's go sir what I can't even maneuver
it's pretty good you guys are cool nice
your soundtrack hmm did this hi Ellie Oh
Jonathan Oh Allie
yeah here you see the skateboards well
Joe how long did it take him to even
find me I would have been lost forever
he wasn't I'm on a camping trip would
you like to join me go man go go man go
he's like super into it what a nerd no
are you being a nerd I get it Tech Deck
nice we're literally the only ones in
the store right now my blue shirt excuse
me sir you like some $5 DVDs okay dude
you might have seen me before you know
if your previous life I was kind of a
big deal she's kind of what happened I
usually really mad but I've since you
know Joe yeah
the scars don't even they're not even
that anymore God hot dog of course hot
dogs and I'd like the spring chicken
rolls it's gonna add something oily
before that the kids will oh I see some
good deals
there's no one in the store the store
it's just our store now good nerd Rock
evil nerd rock today we are loud look at
these buildings wow that those are cool
Christmas trees I love them we have a
day off we're not in Toronto I think
we're just outside Toronto but tomorrow
is Ally's birthday so we're going weeds
is our only day we can go shopping so
Ally's gonna go comes mystic Christmas
shopping coz of the Christmas trees
birthday shopping - shopping daddy's
still
oh geez I'm obliged I invited me to keep
we're gonna drive by right now this is
doing on everything burritos it's a
bream quesadilla sauce on the side open
up your whole cross sir teamwork I
distract Danny then you take it back
come on
okay call that practice all right there
we go
we're going to test it out so you just
lift it up right here I just carry it
that way it blocked its rear end
that's pretty right yeah like whole just
do this okay so none of us know where
our other room is Josiah quick you just
wait okay that's the only way to figure
this out we have international data
right now all right
so we're trying to fill I can be dusty
voices I can do dusty leer just Danny I
can be Danny on his channel since I've
been doing really well in NCAA football
2014 basically this is what's happening
every time I'm winning he's beating me
once but every time I'm winning the
power or something happens and the power
gets plugged I was was a twenty eight to
fourteen or 728 to 14 one minute to
spare in the fourth quarter and Josiah's
tore past at the eject button I
basically told him to run so we're gonna
do this for and I can beat Danny episode
and so you can see that on his channel
when that goes live and we were just
moving things around found a pink glow
stick we found out this is attached upon
this is attached so we're having some
issues trying to get this set up but uh
it'll be good once it's set up you
remember when we first started dating
and I did that live show on the Shorty
Awards yeah and I did that and I don't
did I destroyed the entire pretend to be
a cop and he's right here I just
destroyed and flipped everything up for
the live show that was one of the that
was actually like good that we got that
out of the way pretty early on a
relationship cuz I was really actually
mad at him for doing I was awesome
I was you're a little bit reckless it
was a while Stalin uh-oh what Salian
Thank You Ally calmed me down in my old
age but oh my god like
alleys boring so now I am - no that was
when I first met Lauren and everybody
and Lauren watched it and I literally
flipped everything upside down Shay
called the room somehow pretend to be a
cop saying there were screams this is
just by nice myself there was screams
coming from the room and I got freaked
out and I put everything back and then I
found it O'Shea and I did it all again
just wanna see that over again wait Wow
Charles has lost his damn mind let's
just put it out why so what are you
doing
you're kicking a play wait how about
Google how do I feel cold he's going for
it
oh my god yes the fourth quarter okay
yeah easy on that chair home place it's
just your belt below sir what was that
I can't hear today so yeah they have a
rule where they have to call the other
one sir if they score a touchdown what
is this going on gonna end of it as soon
as you as soon as you can see from
rubbing his eyes from all the tears we
just discovered there is a pool you
ready a pool in Canada Charles goes I'm
like uh is it heated and he goes I'm
sure it's warm it's Canada Canada's
pools are just a bit chilly no big deal
one
jump this is three meters this is deep
red what is 3 meters 10 feet that's not
a painful digit ollie
visit where is it what happened but
Danny's impression of the Little Mermaid
just a couple of guys just proud to be
American and Canada yes I am
boy just jammed up some blimp rave John
the Batmobile what's up all right so
it's the birthday girls it's technically
your birthday tomorrow so really your
birthday so we're gonna go to bed now
tomorrow we're playing in Toronto and
decided so we're gonna go show Ally
Toronto so I will see you guys tomorrow
if you're brand new to the videos don't
forget to subscribe and we'll see you
guys tomorrow as always
see what you did
and we
where's lady at sexy
giddy with child trippy
a word sweetie
with with chakra be an ally
don't forget so anymore
you
