good morning my battery is back to
normal because this is why you're back
on I know the way I am
Oh funny story though I was walking out
of these doors what are you doing there
number one okay you're what I think my
thumb is Mike this might never give your
phone today so we're taking a doing a
photo shoot for a poster for the tour
look at new poster no one has any clean
clothes right now so we're all basically
putting on really really stinky old
clothes got your stinky GE Kohli and I
are just like oh god just don't spray it
on baby sister Oh put me in the corner
nobody puts Baby in the corner
Jenna this is not good hold your breath
here you got turning on fingers
we breathe in air no I'm not a part of
this you should not be spring that on
your body part I thought it's all my
clothes and it just bought me another
week of not having to do lunch
don't judge me Internet I forgot to tell
you Lyndsey and Danny discovered
something about Beavis and it's pretty
mind-blowing alley actually you don't
know about this I explain it it's a
little bit of a stretch
I think somebody could play Abraham
Lincoln better than Daniel day-lewis
picture right okay just Photoshop them
into Lincoln are we good do we look good
a little bit close at least look good
right that's exactly yes that this one
like all down you have that one down
over your arm I've no left hands yeah
exactly so now you do look like them
besides should we do it on this the fire
escape it's pretty pretty scary right
what do you think yeah yeah oh my god oh
my god who are you wearing
this is Payless Taco Bell oh that's a C
that's so stuffy I was ready I was like
how can I make them laugh but I'm just
not that funny so it doesn't work you
guys where's Danny Danny Danny Danny
we're Danny Danny oh my god really
all right ten points if you can in the
comments right what movie that's wrong
that's perfect
days are like rocks sorry I got some
photo shoot
Safiye
very good direction there oh yeah just
hunter you can just go right yours right
there stop Department problem dilemma
don't hate cars we're taking a nice
little adventure through Chicago shirts
okay through part of Chicago that we've
actually never been to this is like the
suburbs are we're in the suburbs but
don't mess with this okay let's just
leave it
come on daddy
that sign actually says would you have
asked yes
would you rather being capable of
feeling fear and/or be able to see five
minutes into the future tell me in the
comments feeling fears kind of go to
Vegas I'm fearless no to Vegas would be
an instant millionaire oh that's true
yeah yeah Internet what would you be
tell me in the comments
we got a wiglet they're gonna freak out
ready to go see the giant beam
the big silver beam
Dasia oh yes hi yes give me it give me
it honey yeah let me just clean you guys
remember a couple weeks ago when Travon
I were like yelling at everyone right
here ask him for the bean and then it
was all behind there well we decided to
take a little subway trip so we could
see the beam this time we have to go see
the the silver beam I still don't get it
love that smell of beans
farts you like to miss flowers that is
the most hilarious side yeah I was just
trying to figure out what it is the
movie oh my gosh Daniel Jackson and they
go underwater and there's like this big
reflective is it called these elusive
blue think it's called the sphere and
then I get eaten by a shark no and then
20,000 Leagues Under the Sea starts
happening to Samuel Jackson like
something weird happens no idea
photobomb everyone I don't know try it
it's not like hard to get it alright
let's go check out the inside of this
thing that was the beam and Danny's
that's Danny's hot dog walk Danny find
the hot dog look at that I'm making
everyone cringe I like to put her teeth
in ice cream do it oh my I think
everyone here is just like what is wrong
with this girl you can't even do it for
like one second it here Danny go for it
Lizzie who died
it's in my moustache I'm winning nope
nope nope nope nope nope nope
cheater so when laundry's not accessible
go find cheap black shirts my challenge
for myself like you dropped your red
velvet brownie slash cookie on there
what if your wedding ring fell down yep
and and your wedding ring was inside
that cookie would you go and eat it go
say why do I have a red velvet brownie
get your wedding ring I think we found
it
oh no we're late Kolby let's go come on
coal's me come on we've been waiting
just go through i watch the stag
Oh
what's happening I'm here with marquel
Hey the designated tour stylist
hairdresser basically look at look at
her out look at nerd rocks see that is
nerve Poly's that's yours sexual Beyonce
thank you - Marco Thank You Marco for
dealing with all these bad boys may be
basically making us look like less like
a whole collectively as a band I think
we were looking pretty scruffy you were
looking a little bit scraggly
to hell with the girl where's the
diamond cow cow that you are right are
we happy with this Titanic rendition so
I went to get a haircut and I thought I
missed everybody but Chicago has
something to say
now we're gonna get in trouble with the
police department
the waiter
yes
with tripping
with champion Harry don't forget to
