well we're in st. Louis this is the
collection of bras to get thrown on
stage okay hey I know them I actually
don't remember the last time I've been
to this section oh wait was that where
we went bowling with I think it's
actually where we went bowling with
story of the year last time we were here
and then in like Hunter puked everywhere
you remember that it was like the casual
yeah all over the place so I just talked
to Ali and good news everyone ever out
was saying that she wasn't gonna be
coming out until I think it was hi how
are you until I think was Michigan how's
it going enjoy the show
but we were going up she wasn't coming
out until Michigan but I just found out
that she's actually gonna be coming out
in Chicago so that means alli is going
to be back on the road tomorrow which is
very very good oh I don't know much
thinking right
trying to run some last-minute errands
before I go back on tour cuz I'm
actually going back on tour tomorrow
well today for you guys and it's raining
and I'm just try to get all my stuff
done it like you know it's stupid and
complain about rain just like whatever
it happens but it's annoying when like
I'm trying to get mail and I have paper
packages and things that shouldn't get
wet how long has it been since you've
seen this glorious sight oh my god she
leaves on the table to sit down the
entire table like almost falls over yeah
I thought it was all coming this way I
really almost was wearing hot super
lunch but you know it's a good diner
when there's dead on the wall my thing
is gonna be in every city I go to get
the local root beer so you remember that
really huge heat what we thought was a
huge storm in Oklahoma last night a
bunch of people from Oklahoma we're just
like you guys saw that guy he's like
this is nothing this is from somebody
they actually showed me their front yard
they said this is the aftermath of the
storm that we were all freaked out about
hold oh sure yeah yep so yeah we got
some sarcastic Oklahoma Oklahoma homies
now this is the breakfast you're the
only one I got fruit throw some tater
tots with that fruit there dude there
you go my tour errands and I actually
did my run to Target yesterday cuz I
knew it was gonna be kind of stormy but
I was trying to get everything done but
you know like in a timely fashion and I
get a text message for my lovely husband
saying can you please bring me some more
hairspray so I to come back out and this
right now
how many years is this we've been open
13 13 years 13 years of bras because you
see that you can see the years - you can
see that early 90s right here early 90s
where's the 80s we got the 80s over here
and that one's just wow this is a
presence a pregnant thing what is this
the plugin dude you got a front but yeah
I got I feel like I go take a shower
down you're leaning on it we gotta go
talk about we got a feed near dry
friendly dogs you're not working today
Charmin Charmin bear oh yeah hello hello
this is my polar bear better off the
coca-cola commercial right these paws
are so big hi my name is Gibson
I love guitars
look dad dad is funny the note is a new
toy that Marley just discovered you
haven't followed that yeah oh the
nuisance abatement vehicle it's all on
guitar they're all there's a 12-string I
guess for each tuning so we saw this
macaroni and cheese place and Danny
immediately got really excited doing the
home or thing like oh my god oh my god
yeah they just gave us this I guess we
just look really awesome
they say when he said him
Bon Appetit so remember I was talking
about root beer well apparently I came
to the right city because this is where
they make root beer
commander stunning I just even a game
since I've been obsessing about it
lately last few days let's do it
there we go root beer so you guys were
saying we should do another Home Run
Derby
so right now let's try a Dani myself hi
team Charles team Travis or team Dani
pick your team right now and we're gonna
do indoor before we get in trouble and
get kicked out remember I won last time
so waitress I won last time I came in
second last time so pick your team Oh
maggot rub it rub it I forgot we're all
the Robin so now your team Charles Djou
indoor we have to play indoor to break
it hot out right now I don't know what
that is we didn't say what that was what
was that
get one so I won them whoa
so right now each one of us has won one
game each so we're having a one out
playoff danny has three Travis is now up
and then myself and my battery is dying
right now better have chosen team
Charles so I had this idea I'm getting
every single person including crew
everybody they're close we to sign this
wiffle ball and then I'm gonna hide it
here in st. Louis for the show tonight
you got it right yeah my butt signed it
so I'm gonna go hide it now I guess we I
think we're good I think every single
but hunters but signed it so every
single person signed it where should we
go hide this I'm gonna hide it behind
the bench right there
Oh
okay guys this is what I'm bringing on
the road that's it
honestly I cannot believe that iPad
literally packed like everything that I
own that I wear now in there because I
do not want to have to do laundry so I
think I literally packed about 30
t-shirts don't make fun of me
Zoe I'm really sad to have to leave them
though that's like really honestly the
hardest part about all this I know it's
dark and you can't see them but they
just want to sleep they're good girls
walls oh so yeah that part really sucks
um Charles hates it too like leaving the
girls is really hard but my parents take
really good care of him and they have a
blast like oh my god this guy's rosy
that's how I feel I should end every
video just a big strong guy just lifted
me over his head anyway so I'm doing
this on my iPhone because my my camera
is dead and I don't have any chargers
luckily like I said Ally's coming here
tomorrow so I will have my camera back
officialy did I almost forgot
st. Louis wants to say something
it's hardly wait
giddy with child trippy
where's with trippy an alley
