good morning everyone whoa early it's
like nothing nothing could be seen oh
wait there's Koli hey Carly
today we are in Oklahoma City Oklahoma
just in case there's another Oklahoma
City in some other state hey are you
working well that dog has an attitude
just where is it going hey you working
all right sorry I don't wanna get in
your way
keep working it's a toy parade it's a
toy parade everybody has a toy you have
a toy why they where's your toy look a
few guys if you guys I'm home eating
holy crap you guys this is a hot
chocolate cuota
it reminds me of way back in the day at
FSU what it was the SLC theater or I
used to get the frozen hot chocolate I'm
so excited I know they were like Oh
popsicle I don't know we can make
basically anything except that my friend
was like oh well okay oh my good lord
it's delicious so I went into the venue
best longboard so since there was
nothing around we had the runner take us
to civilization
aka just a pharmacy you guys want frames
you some friends some pens some
notebooks I want to have Trapper Keepers
a ball how about any toys plays cell
phone and play car key what that's a toy
is it a roll like if nobody shows up you
just get it for free
don't mind Ali she's living the kids
melting all my stuff
yes ma'am
Oh hundred and fifty dude I love turtles
terney Sonny what oh hey bud yeah five
oh my god you're such a ham
look at you go someone else is also
using their golf cart to get around and
it's really really awesome can you hear
it
that's a golf cart someone drove to
target just to get beer and their Dolf
cart was right by me
isn't that awesome I think the Charles
started a trend I think he's responsible
for some very serious gas savings
lowering of cover for residents
everywhere lower your carbon footprint
right take a golf card
although isn't electricity from oil I
don't know how that works
don't ask me do you guys see that old
lady by me
I know I know not respecting my elders
I'm sorry didn't fart on her I farted
near her
nice shirt by the way hello we have to
go here we have to be
my board go where did it go
oh there's come on nerd rock nollie
kickflip that into a manual the ollie
kickflip nollie dude can you do that all
they can float nollie come on yeah got
it extreme skateboarding extreme looking
more extreme if I do this extreme it's a
boring day today but you know what this
is a lesson a day is only boring if
you're boring if you're a boring person
you're gonna have a boring day doesn't
matter where you are try to have fun so
Nick got a water gun spraying the wall
all right we gotta get super soakers now
this is what I meant to show you really
well we have a gator in our lake and you
know I never really talked about it
before it wasn't that big I showed you
guys a couple times because we can only
see its head look at this thing it comes
over to my yard when it sees my dogs
outside you mean motherfucker look at
that thing bruising around he swam right
by my house today
god I hate Gators I mean I love them cuz
they're awesome and they're Florida's
like nature and they're beautiful but
they're also really really dangerous
especially for dogs alright so here's
the dilemma that I'm faced with that
Gator is getting to the size where it's
considered a nuisance in the state of
Florida and people can have them removed
so I called Florida Fish and Wildlife
today and this is actually like a state
service they told me that they would
come and remove it but then they told me
that they were going to execute the
Gator they were gonna kill it so I
cancelled immediately because I was like
um no so I thought about it and I'm not
really sure I guess in the state of
Florida Gators are almost like rodents
they are there the Gator population is
like out of control here and like
they're not pests but they kind of are
because they eat peoples pests and
they're like really kind of dangerous
but it's one of those struggles guys
were like you know they were here first
and this is like their land so I'm not
gonna kill the Gator because I just
wouldn't be able to live with myself so
what I'm going to try to do is call some
kind of like wildlife rescue and see if
they can relocate it honestly I don't
know what the right thing to do here is
but I just don't feel like killing it is
the only answer that I could possibly
come up with so I'm gonna avoid doing
that for now and see if I can relocate
him Danny and I are playing a little
NCAA football baby I got to be the Bulls
here's a fun thing I graduated from USF
never went to a game
never went to a game I don't I just
never never happened so is this like
techno football from NES it's a they
would remember techno football
so in the comments tell tell us who you
thinks gonna win team Danny or team
Charles no switching right now well if
you were team Danny he did win so close
I was so close
check out this little guy so I just got
this it is a little like mini steamer
because I need to be able to travel with
something like this and it's kicking ass
right now this thing is awesome so
because I tricked everybody a bunch of
people brought out some real scratch
offs so trav and I are gonna see what
happens right now I don't want a search
entire player in a match any of your
numbers to win the winning number so now
I'm skeptical we did look we don't know
if they're real or not I don't know if
the real supply way should leave the
back of make sure I win a million
dollars - ok winning number 9 no we
didn't win ok all right
calls me cuz the second vlogging I
didn't press record but Charles this one
fuck I won 5 bucks and it's real so
we're gonna keep going scratch the
entire play area reveal at number 9 ok
oh I get a 9 and win the prize shown
that's a lot of scratching so we won 5
bucks go get mcdonalds on me tons of
Nuggets Zack just showed me this this is
the direct center of the storm right now
oh we're in tornado alley here I want to
show you guys what's going on
hi everyone saying twister Thursday
oh my god how bad is it
wow I was the nerd rocket it's really
wet outside it's raining sideways and
I've never been blasted from behind by
mother nature like that with like what
is that like 30 mile-per-hour wind and
then rain sideways literally so this is
what we just got I just heard it and it
came running okay alright guys well
hopefully we are going to be I think st.
Louis tomorrow assuming this is a non
tornado we keep getting alerts on our
phone which is really freaky cuz I've
never had that before and I think my I
think it's like a new thing but it
definitely freaked stuff around since I
almost almost be Dani in football I want
to know some more games that we can have
like a team Danny vs. team Charles since
since everyone was on my side right you
guys are brand new to our videos don't
forget to subscribe and I will see you
guys tomorrow as always love you honey
and make sure though and Marlee are
being good bye guys I was yelling
worse yet sexy
with y'all trippin
see I see
with Shakopee an ally
