good morning guys we are back in New
Mexico and look look look look look look
up it's still here well it's been like a
year and a half and all this stuff is
new and that's the only bit of the fence
left this whole thing used to be fenced
I'm glad they left a little bit though
that's a turkey burger what'd you get
bacon eggs burger cheese sweet potato
draft
there we go lights are looking cool
Beavis floating oh yeah okay don't kill
yourself don't kill yourself are you
happy are you a happy girl it's like
leave me alone let me alone I'm trying
to pooh-pooh there's my girls outside
God if you guys missed them I have
missed this so much sorry I just woke up
from a nap it's catching up on my beauty
rest but it's clearly not working all
right though so here's something that I
just wanted to point out to you guys
only in Florida can you have this on one
side and then that and that on the other
side storm is coming even though it's
beautiful out so you remember yesterday
how nerd walk was doing hey but I was
doing his hi Duke
I never show you something bro we
challenge you ready for this yes thank
you
haircut time wait I have raindrops all I
know I'm so glad I'm not doing like
keratin anything fancy to my hair cuz
it's like a rainy drop I do it in
horrible it's time for that to get fixed
okay summer my hairdresser her baby zach
is almost here you're so excited yes
yeah oh my God he's so cute
say hi Internet they hide it back so
somebody gave us some scratch offs that
way only in your dreams all winners are
subject to people laughing at you the
ticket for fun purpose on the odds of
winning 0 and 1 million we're gonna give
these in there Rach Zack cold feet and
Scott there's enough for everybody all
right this is so mean this is the
probably the meanest thing we've ever
done so I mean and I back it so much
this is supposed to be and says match
any three months to it did you win yeah
I did
you won how much did you win did you
seriously just win yeah absolutely
let's go that's awesome how much did you
win ten bucks you want ten bucks yeah
why is there some sort of catch to this
I'm I feel not so bad since it was only
ten bucks yeah if it would have been
like 500 bucks so there's more of them
so we have to get the rest of them don't
tell anyone okay
pick pick whichever one you want
this is our gift for being so awesome
only this is 100 knots 100 bucks
did you really 100 bucks yeah I got
three 100's though yeah we have three
100 got 100 100 and 100 all prizes
muster world's most evil prank that's
funny shit that almost went down the
gutter that's Karma right there yeah I'm
starting to feel a little bit a little
bit guilty for what
it's such a fun prank Hobie it's worse
it's the world's most evil prank ever
I completely forgot to show you guys
this earlier this is my new hair it's a
little bit messed up as it was pouring
rain but you got that VidCon virus yes I
did every single person every year gets
the VidCon virus I've avoided it for the
first three years of it on this one
sadly I couldn't but guess what cares we
have going we have hot tea with honey
lemon he just lost the seed and citrus
in his eye and scientist solution dude
you really did get your eyes it burns so
bad but it's so good but it seems kind
of good outdoors yeah it's your turn
little movie exactly do it oh not a
whole one that's way too much do you
have do you that's gonna light your
whole face on fire excuse me why are you
always hitting the bell when other stuff
is going on
you little Zoey don't it DeBell
I saw you Oh give it give it you can
plug your national to you I might come
up it's really torturous but I promise
it's helpful I promise you're gonna feel
good tomorrow huh right now she wants to
die but you feel better
are you just so excited
going gaga ooh gone okay we're gonna
swing it's right we're gonna swing it
right I know you're watching this like
just doing this while you're editing I'm
a professional I am so happy Aly got me
this pennyboard
expression foot tour it's like the
greatest thing to get back for
especially when the bus is like way over
there just sit here go back on the penny
board greatest thing ever she doing
there cookie I hope so drives by right
now so the door is jammed and this is
this is what we were told that's how we
were told to do it nothing worst brings
all the boys to the yard huh strawberry
milkshake trans milkshake opened a
strawberry milkshake this is Colton he
was my seventh subscriber on the Charles
Trippy channel hey guys what's up on
that that is like 2006 2005 days how old
were you I'm 14 so you were a how old
then
six
I can't count oh it's got one
Josiah just one I'm the least athletic
person on this entire team a grand slam
that a double just complete underdog
right now so I have to retire the old
pair shoes I don't know how they do this
but luckily have a new pair I got
it's like a ritual you gotta retire I
don't know how I do this but I'm to
retire
we just won $1,000 right are you serious
all right no way let me see how you see
it hopefully
is this a real Auto Tech where do you
can you redeem these is this a real
lotto ticket yeah you know I got I got
more we just won $1,000 die you dick
dick dude this seriously just won $50
bucks really I swear to God look at this
match any three amounts to win 50 busy
50 so we just won 50 bucks apparently
there is not a shower today so that
means napkins and a/c Albuquerque New
Mexico has something to say to you guys
what language is that it I don't even
know this is going to die and I forgot
my charger so Ali has to come out when
bring a charger so today secret phrase
it's just Charles is an idiot it's okay
you can say it I'll see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night
love you all bye guys
see what you did
the other guard me waiter
worse yet sexy
with y'all trippin
see
with trip in early don't forget so
anymore
