good morning guys kind of bad news we
just found out we're stuck here I think
till Monday now even worse news is I
have to fly out for a show on Monday so
we're trying to so we're trying to
switch it from st. Petersburg to
actually Sarasota so I have to go back
up there right now and get all my stuff
and three the stupid butterflies in 88
so I have an idea some tape I got a cup
I got a pole I'm gonna see if we can get
them out of here
Oh
I'm a level 100 little get the power
down I had to come back to the house
since we're staying here so much longer
because I have a show obviously I have a
show Monday so I'm flying out of
Sarasota and I have just to make life
easier trying to get my base and a
couple clothes for the show not gonna
lie it stinks really really bad in here
it's like not really bad like horrible
but like stinks like stale air if that
makes any sense we're gonna empty out
everything on the fridge unfortunately
it's all gonna be gone I completely
forgot I had to get some medication too
because I am almost out and I got a
little nervous because of the whole fact
that I thought everything was going to
get really screwed up because of the
hurricane but hi but I guess with all
the other people like trying to work on
that power maybe well she get power back
it's right now we are without home
there's just a little bit it's like a
vacation well on vacation like a forced
vacation
we are back in st. P and I will tell you
what I'm already sweating up a storm
came in and of course it doesn't smell
the best because there is no air at all
coming through here so we have the front
doors open
and I it's very stagnant but we're
trying to get it a little bit cleaned up
before char heads out Monday for a show
and hopefully they're telling us it's
not going to be on until after that but
I'm hoping it'll come on sooner than
that keep your fingers crossed for us
that that actually works out because it
would be really nice to get back to
normal we don't have power we opted to
come back to Sarasota but my little
sister has power and I'm quite jealous
so what we might end up doing is staying
here for a little bit and then coming
back up get anything or going back to
Sarasota the same with her and that way
I'm just closer to the airport and all
that fun stuff even though I already
changed my flight out of Sarasota it's
just been it's been back and forth kind
of day
it's still not that common no that's
getting home things are coming down a
little bit we also got a ship this out
to think her name's Gloria the one that
one ship that out there she's actually
in Miami so we were waiting for a little
bit she's safe and everything but we
were wait until things calm down so I
can actually make sure it gets to her so
we're gonna seal it and hopefully ship
it out today that's my goal not tomorrow
Cat in the Hat
literally the ghost it's a ghost hate
you she's fast the girls cannot wait to
play with her that's nuts
she's still getting over that parasite
thing we're supposed to keep the dogs
kind of liquor yeah they can't lick her
or get too close if Miley wants to play
so bad
we learned that it'd be pissed at her
when she's doing something bad as crazy
as it is it actually it's supposed to
work she can't run she still it's a
bingo
very common like Thursday the kitten gay
there's nothing really scared what it
does is it he hydrates you some Marley I
know
so the girls oh dude get it they can
kind of be bad Martha just peed on the
newspaper apparently they still throw
the newspapers out in this neighborhood
that is probably the biggest tree I've
seen fallen so far that was quite a very
loud fall over down in Sarasota I was
going to take the girls to their
favorite part but it's closed because so
many trees have fallen what are gonna do
Mar where you want to go
she looks so bummed cuz they where Park
my Park you said though II I do remember
that there is a there's another to the
park that's what we're doing dude some
scandalous scary we're gonna go and seal
trees that I've fallen down we're
breaking the law breaking down yeah I
was like that Ali's just incriminating
us
brunette and do dogs walking apart
right here and then we got another right
and then it's in this neighborhood
are you sure that's right left
trying to make you see it digging around
oh I see your Joe it's so funny well
sorry guys we got to find some other way
or some other part I go to Melissa since
we're close to our house just in case I
think that everything they're just in
the off chance that we get power we can
just swing away our house well we can't
bring everything home right now so we're
gonna have to do a multiple trips which
color sucks who be essentially like I
said the other day we really honestly
moved back in for last holidays
technically we were supposed to be
moving back in until Monday well luckily
Melissa's got some power what's up
get you a cage or a carrying case not
too happy about that you guys don't have
to be in that you're right you're okay
you just being a wimp being a wimp
you bein cuz you're all trapped now it's
not technically Meg's birthday today but
we're kind of celebrating it was during
the hurricane so we're celebrating now
check out the cake al I got I didn't
even get a freakin Galaxy cake I do not
know galaxy cake
are you making noise in here you're in
the bathroom for right now we gotta make
sure you're not sick anymore all right
get the parasites you got all the
parasites your street cat you street cat
hey where's the pink boy again
oh and she's gone 26 faiths weird it
looks like an eight God it's a six it is
a six
I think from a horror movie your job
guys the pitch change that and make it
as creepy as possible and send it back
to us on Twitter I want some creepiness
creepy sounds like like really think the
pitch is been asking do you want to give
him the news and what's her name her
name is reka and she is the newest
member of the CTFxC little Rika Kino
she's now wants to go back in there she
didn't want to go in there the whole
time now she wants to go in there so
it's official we are keeping her so you
guys are gonna see her grow up playing
with the girls and dude she is a psycho
she's Little Miss we even think about it
it wasn't a difficult decision but we
really had to completely think about
everything you know like okay can we do
this is this a good idea well the dogs
like on or her are you saying
I think they seemed like they liked her
so we were kind of getting into the fact
that okay well we can take care of her
she's cool and we
really think is she's so young that
she's very impressionable and the best
part is even the meds that she's around
a lot of dogs and a lot of people so
really social she won't be one of those
cats that hide so if people come or
stairs dogs that will right now we have
to keep her away from everyone because
she's had those parasites so welcome to
the CTFxC little Rica she's a little
Houdini we're figuring that out
yep you're Houdini citizens we're just
trying to see if she's indeed super
smart Thank You smashers oh don't don't
do the turf feet that's gonna hurt when
you're older all right I think she can
climb with that thing's what's gonna end
up happening that's the news we're gonna
go cut Meg's cake and all that fun stuff
I will see you guys tomorrow as always
don't forget to subscribe and have a
wonderful night
hopefully twelve will actually empower
otherwise we're going on almost a week
it's actually a long time I know it
could be worse but still all right good
night guys
