and breath the airport talk about
cutting it close
she's still putting on their water water
water a lot a lot beer
I was smiling him in you were fairly
enough like oh wait I'll he's gonna go
home and get to play with the puppies
you do laundry and then I'm gonna be out
on the road yeah
then you're gonna be nice and dirty I'm
fine Arizona get back on tour
Ali's going haunting out of the pups and
no you come out like 11 and Michigan
Holly comes out for the Michigan you
coming up for the mission sure yeah hey
you want to make out this but now let's
go to the bushes go makeup no makeup top
let's go make me world's longest hallway
we gotta ride
one new dress nobody had you tried stick
your thumb out wait wait I have hold in
my pants should I used today use the
thumb thing no she's right we were in
the wrong pants I need a manicure I'll
make sure she turns her phone off of
silent
Ali is officially the worst person on
the phone
so Ali is on a different terminal now I
have to race I wanted to walk her to her
terminal and now I have to run to my
terminal I can't just like leaving the
terminal it's like always a sad thing so
I wanted to make sure I walked her to
our gate this is absolutely the best eat
when you want to sleep because there's
no divot it's just all wall travel tips
for Charles and we're just imagine if
you ever went to the airport you had to
get on a flight and this thing showed up
would you get on in the comments would
you get on an airplane like that I
honestly don't think I would so I just
had the nicest cab driver ever
apparently Obama just landed or just
took off and so the whole airport was
completely shut off Air Force One like
was taking off as I landed so all the
calves were taken anyway he was a nice
guy explained everything he watched Air
Force One take off and land so I was
talking to him and we're trying to find
out where we were going and I had looks
like I've never been here man I have no
idea where I'm going and then all of a
sudden was like oh wait is there a big
fucking pink couch and I saw the big
couch where look at this venue I don't
know if you guys remember this venue and
this is where we went and then Travis
threw the Sharpie in this during the
mean greet and it was shot everywhere so
we're walking around Josiah came with me
and I'm trying to like find all the
places I remember there was a cool
vintage shop maybe that is actually a
but there's the pink pink chair I was
talking about to get another photo there
how was Vegas it was good he was telling
me he won $300 so and everyone else lost
hundreds of dollars you want to get a
photo on the pink pink chair this is
gonna becoming a tradition every time
we're in Mesa Arizona just to get a
photo in front of the pink chair next
time you guys are here find the pink
chair take a photo and add reply me on
Twitter I think we've just found a gem I
think it's the original iPhone that day
yeah I think that one Hunter you can
view the new DJ you want to do that
saxophone or sax play sax and guitar
design that's
Kenny G that sacks buddy
old-school NES audio recorder but it has
a floppy disk you want to see something
really funny yeah beautiful the old iMac
I was just telling Josiah this is a
computer I remember learning how to
Photoshop on Jack in school only thirty
dollars that's a steal
seriously give me some space
camera meet your grandfather is this
like camera porn to you right now maybe
it's a little bit of like inception
because we're filming on a filming
camera this is the same Antiques place I
don't know if you guys remember your
this is deja vu right now oh my god guys
should I get it Oh sound Waldo I didn't
know he had a twin so I just found out
today I don't know if you knew this
today is a root beer float day and we we
did walk yet you didn't know it you
didn't know I we walked the whole place
there's no ice cream anywhere I'm a man
without my ice cream so I'm drinking the
root beer just to commemorate the day
what if we went to a gas station got an
ice cream sandwich took the ice cream
Claire put the dog we're gonna put that
there
I'm gonna do it took the cookies off
there's a gas station right and put it
in we're gonna go
Josiah as a genius or it just pays to be
observant you just turn the camera this
way Charles and you can see clearly that
there's ice cream national roofied a
white national ice cream root beer float
big I seemed like that was a long way of
saying just root beer float
deliciousness
you know why root beer floats tastes
better than just
it's because the ice cream actually
freezes the carbon there's our wife all
the flight does that actually freezes
the co2 in the sauna so you turn it into
that and it changes the actual flame of
the soda we're learning a lot today guys
Josiah should be a professor actually I
was just a manager or a nice room I
don't know Ali if there's no no fireball
there that is Ali's fault
planks turning the couches take out the
college college I had all this kind of
stuff that milk milk crates yeah look at
that is the wall you are the draw you
are the man thank you brother that is
that is some sick driving right there
made it home
I feel like every single time I film Ted
he comes down and says hi to me it's
pretty awesome I got a boo-boo
I got a boo-boo oh oh oh
let's go camera I I sweated is that the
work we said would address the fact that
I'm bleeding guys what is that pose that
you're doing there draw me like one of
your french girls you're so weird stop
it dog what are you doing it's so nuts
she's got she ripped the entire pillow
out of the bed and she's laying
underneath it all I guess that's just
how she likes to do it well you're
freaking me out
and there's a Lukey high and there's a
valley high girls are you having fun
she's like can you please leave alone
retired I want to be on camera right now
so here's a funny story my parents told
me that one day Marly and Zoey Luca
there was like a ruckus in the living
room and they had no idea what was going
on and my brother found Luca like she
had her in her mouth like on Marley's
back or something and she was like
painting her down and I'm like I'm I
feel bad but it's also funny it was the
first time in history that Marley's ever
been beaten up by another dog yeah it's
the first time in history that Luke has
ever stood up for herself and Justin
told me that she's terrified of Coco oh
my god well Coco's afraid of her too
all right guys I just got home
it was a very very long but amazing trip
out to California to see a bunch of our
friends my voice is trying really hard
to come back but I need to just like go
on a vocal rest for the next couple days
or so but everything was really fun
VidCon was incredible thank you so much
to John and Hank green thank you to a
whole team that put the whole event
together thanks to all the youtubers who
showed up and most of all thanks to all
the viewers that came out because
without any of you guys none of this
crap would exist I think we've probably
said that at least a thousand times in
these videos but for those of you who've
never heard it you're hearing it now and
for those of you have heard it you
deserve to hear it again because you
guys are the reason that we are
successful in what we do and you guys
are the reason that we like are able to
do such awesome stuff in our lives and
we're really really grateful for that
and we're grateful for your support and
your love and one day we're going to hug
all of you we're gonna have a one giant
CTFxC hug so I feel like that's not
gonna work but you know what a girl can
dream alright guys we'll see you
tomorrow love you good night
remember how I either I showed you guys
that I was bleeding this is Karina but
this is all why not look at she brought
me some band-aids oh hi everyone when I
got band-aids thank you though no one
can yell because there's a new noise
curfew here in Mesa Arizona so I'm just
gonna pan in everyone's just gonna go hi
alright or bye all right
that was creepy shit
wait
worth lately at sexy
get it with y'all trippin
yes with trippy
don't forget it
you
