good morning guys so we are here with
Olga she's driving us to LA and we have
a computer yeah and we got juggling
paraphernalia everywhere Hollywood
dudududud Scientology on a tree
Hollywood it is back empty
so I like completely lost her voice wait
okay if you just laugh and have a little
scared hold than I already so just call
me bro tato say something say say unique
New York unique New York how that worked
easily I've been using my little
registry just trying to talk about Oh am
i high register like where my normal
voice is doing not sing a falsetto oh
it's not it's not the end of VidCon
until your voice is gone oh good you
stopped your voice slightly yeah can't
stay in California without going to in
and out you've had it before right last
time we were here remember I was trying
to walk and I got super pissed because I
couldn't find it at that truck stop and
I just gave up and then it was outside
the truck stop and I got sad we're just
reliving bad bad times right now guys oh
my goodness
the grease makes it taste better oh come
on that's healthy that's healthy for you
nothing about this how we tested it by
the way this is one pump that's three so
it is everyone was arguing with me that
it doesn't make any more ketchup one
pump three pumps does this field look
familiar you guys this is where we shot
that video on the Charles Trippy channel
the creepiest stalker ever with Ben and
Chris remember that look right there we
had the frisbee section if you haven't
seen it I'll put a link on the screen or
in the description go watch that video
where we shot it at that field right
there
roxy vision roxy didn't okay so we got
some tricks yeah what of course logo
being the circus lady would have a
circus dog hey Tim yeah sit what else
can you do down okay that time jump cut
go sleep
I try to go to bed now for this immature
person inside here I'm gonna help you
from the spiders good dog the spiders
everywhere in that Bush Wow I can't I
made the mistake of taking my shoes off
look at you I'm like trying to enjoy
yeah I know we got it on camera if
something bad happens she was eating
dinner on nice little family dinner
right now
so we're about to play some board games
guys pretty competitive as a couple I'm
just gonna be making sure that no one is
cheating yeah we're trying to do chores
and this is what I wrote they have to
get at least one write one word come on
you gotta come on I have parents dishes
and back here I got dishes lawn and
vacuum
an old argument word is intarsia hold on
I don't know what the hell is more olga
this is our second language a a new age
relaxation technique you guys can play
along with us in the comments but deep
multicolored pattern multicolored Dean
multi card famous talk I think of
another way to say Truphone I'm gonna
say false all right you already
outnumbered there are two falses to
watch I try humming hum beat it right
now I can't see that you can't do this I
have no idea what the song that's all I
know that's on are you at the right time
signature like the same like wait I'm
hoping it ok well we're just gonna wait
for that always something there to
remind me
you do it you have it I'll be just
ghosts you guys do it you have to play
nope that's the only word I can think of
what do you guys camera this is what we
have to do I know cheater shopping for
Christmas I hope you guys are playing
along with us because it makes it more
fun so if you know what she's doing
right now I don't she's she's doing a
place this is a place can't tell I don't
even know what Oh begin shower Oh toilet
Oh baby turds sure taking the baby turns
and put him in the lens does oh come on
I got like one I guess I'll be faster
you'll be the puppet the hint is it's a
person traffic Oh gun please police
officer please just another day in
paradise get it
get get it cuz it's tomorrow actually
ally and I open gonna be filming for
youtubers react
oh wait come on babe babe come on one
Roxy likes it
Roxy likes it what should the secret
phrase be carrot grows by what is this
called not a piggyback ride
can I have a shoulder rocket alright
guys well you heard the lady time to go
to bed I'll see you guys tomorrow good
night
we wait
yes
with y'all trippin
with with Josephine early
you
