Robbie yep I'm locked out and I run
again third time in two days I think
I've never done that put your key card
for your hotel Dexter's I've got your
cell phone that just demagnetize is it
I'd get every single kitchen apparently
I do that every single time in the wrong
floor
so uh this was a coffee coffee this is
the coffee floor so we're walking
through the arena right now because Cory
and Shea are gonna unveil the first dock
the documentary the first trailer to
everybody so they want us on stage with
it and everything I've seen it it's
awesome
so we gotta do this again got to do the
makeup thing one last I'm sad because
baby's heart just denied me to decide
tonight she's got more important things
to do what's up son Todd hey give me a
good belly flop go go go go that was
epic completely documentary movie the
big walk working on is called vlogs with
mentary and a lot of like
market and stuff but the new name of
this documentary is blocked
Oh
never stop recording all getting shot
goose by that was fun so here's this I
got that okay now why do you have that
the guy up there he's like s he has a
frying pan oh yeah oh yeah wait she
actually does there we go it's almost a
walk so we just got off the stage from
doing the premiere of the trailer and
did you like the trailer you like it we
were able to get like John John Green
said once in a lifetime photo this photo
we're in cogito Lord
bring Cognito I put glasses oh oh no the
glasses around you sure we're just gonna
try to sneak around here I didn't get
this oh my gosh there's a giant shark
mouth I think that this seems much of it
yesterday we lost Ally oh there she is
and I didn't get to see much of this
yesterday so I'm just kind of catching
on hi how are you they discovered my
glasses might not be all the way up so I
would these lovely ladies that I pull
right now and last night at the show
somebody had one of these on stage it
was just like putting with her eye phone
rings yeah okay we just stick that in
there he had this pole in my face the
whole time so I grabbed it and I
basically film so I'm just gonna go like
this
keep waiting does this one go further
actually how I'm gonna be able to find
Ali now from now on I just got taller so
if you're actually at VidCon make sure
to step by the dftba booth right here
because if you look we got some shirts
right there you can come get before they
sell out I think they're almost sold out
so this is Jenny we saw her yesterday in
the vlog what are you dressed as is that
booth that was in there or just
something else oh okay well that was
awkward that film but that's awesome
it's cool here look at Carano this is
coffee you're mine
where's coffee geez look at that yes
blast that I have to tell you yesterday
would've you were filming for the
documentary
he was like rape on the left side you
receive stage I stage left right yeah I
almost I wanted to kick you in the ass
but you are like some of the audience I
just saw like a blur yeah so if you got
that on camera I was like this please
send it today yeah there's my buddy he
helps run
I went what's a little website you help
run so just just vid stats I don't know
if you have ever heard of that website
what is Eric I want ice cream I want to
make another have you ever have you ever
had a coke float yeah well fine nose
to celebrate a foodie right now yeah but
I can't take out and take your whole
years looks cooler than mine does looks
like somebody just took grass and put it
on my food we just wait and just pulled
off all the grass over the backpackers
oh those are sprouts right just throw it
is it good anyone want a leaf bull that
was my camera yes Ally's camera took a
tumble we'll just make sure that is a
little bit more okay so just imagine
that my face is on your dress
now I know how to bug everybody from at
least four feet away - yeah right
I'm just logging this way everyone says
they have a big head now my head looks
small
alright so we just got back from seeing
everybody if it con is done you can tell
if it got ins done because my voice is
gone the CTFxC channel we are so close
to a million million subscribers and
think about that as people which you
guys are obviously people were all
people that sounds weird there was that
8,000 people 9,000 people 7,000 people
whatever it was a lot of people it
really kind of puts in perspective the
amount of people the amount of CTFxC is
amount of you guys let's say we put all
of you guys all 800,000 in one room I
couldn't fathom that amount of people in
one place and today when we were on
stage I was just looking out and I was
just like wow this is incredible
I don't want to get all sappy but and I
can't wait for you guys to see this
documentary coming out it means a lot to
all of us involved with this project and
I think you guys are gonna like it but
tomorrow we go to LA have a day off in
LA and then I think the next day I meet
up with the guys in Arizona and get back
on tour then Ali goes home and then she
comes back out on tour for her birthday
we have actually a special surprise in
New York I can't tell you guys yet you
guys have any guesses tell me in the
comments and see if anyone yeah I don't
think anyone's gonna guess it do it come
on I dare you try to guess anyway I got
sidetracked but how is this I was just
thinking we are so close to a million
subscribers and I remember getting a
hundred subscribers I remember getting
ten subscribers and just being blown
away by that and to be so close to a
million it's even crazier to me this
little Charles ran Charles talk a little
little trippy talk I'm delirious I will
see you guys tomorrow as always have a
great night and tell your friends but
yes
birthday psst
which all tripping
with DNR we don't forget so anymore
