good morning guys day 1 of VidCon
technically and I overslept that was the
first time I got to sleep in a real bed
it was amazing open hi
so this how was I supposed to do what's
trending so I'm doing that uh hi
there's hero Charles thank you so much
she's so she's so understanding for me
sleeping in know I am and I'm not in
understanding up because I didn't say no
I was like let me better companies like
Disney oh look
oh hey Charlie one of the oldest friends
I have on this internet thing Java
Charles like MJ and Phil I think I'm not
oh my god so happy to see they they're
wandering around what's your first
impression excuse yourself back is this
big sec you can climb that buddy yeah
I'm thinking about getting over there
and we're going to do one of these so
when we travel we travel with an
entourage right now Dave travels whether
your car at all times
I said and I was half joking I'm like
he's gonna come down y'all playing I
guess my glasses on buddy but oh yeah
there we go
no we're good same nice a bench are born
so we're doing an interview FHB right
now at SourceFed so okay I'm late to
everything today good yourself duty sir
they look at they've changed very well
but they don't like
it doesn't need a kid okay going
this is in pain our people that was
crazy
still going
that girl drew this she's an art school
how beautiful that is all right what do
that we do this
hey girls we're gonna battle it out
I get to legally knock my wife out
Wow
that was fun you having fun I'm confused
every every guitar here is behind a
glass case that's the opposite of NAMM
the apart party making love and tacos as
well as writing in the margins and
waking up to the sound of farts
Danny's above new rock if you have never
figured out yeah I've woken him up
before cuz I'll wake up fart and then
he's that I hear a giggle and this is
since you're over the hill dude at 22 my
back really is sick there you go from
the failure your equipment blowing that
nice oh so this is where we're playing
huh yeah we were hoping more people
would show up but just Charles has a
catwalk for the first time of life come
out here hopefully people stand up they
don't stand up and they're sitting dying
she's ever would say okay well I'll just
go back yeah look who it is what it is
we're playing the game of how long has
it been since we've seen each other any
other way master what are we doing I'm
just lounging no okay Olli I'm calling
I'm the most attractive person with the
Kings hi I'm Kohli I want you to zoom 10
this is he robbing anybody less
attractive a chef go away damn I just
shallow in the window like Peter Pan you
are you are just so in the way and now
dot F with the Angelina Jolie beam
that's pretty funny
you have to like Photoshop two left legs
so we have another little special guest
that's come in hey it was like four
years ago I remember first VidCon and I
I made him do that like I was at
50-times yeah
four down you can annoy the shit out of
the Annoying Orange that takes Channel
yeah right thumb what's wrong honey
thank you she's gonna walk around like
that all day you look you look I look
Liz beloved Oh what you look there my
bigger mine's bigger if you guys
remember that amazing box of all those
goodies that we got from early these two
are responsible
it's so awesome and it came out to where
we came through the show and this is the
crown so Shea's going to hype us up you
guys ready to rock I'm ready to rock
we're gonna rock a rock and/or roll and
we're either a rock n roll bowl please
amazing million people and we can have I
want him
oh my god you got him again
yeah right here so often and welcome she
goes oh my goodness you are so precious
huh if they hide is only in Marlene
we're gonna try to trick or yeah
I love cheesy
oh geez energy skin some honey actually
helps with her throat if you guys didn't
know and it's good as hell there you
hear your voice what is that do you
Simpsons help me oh me how II can't do
more than just watch what do i do what
do i do see that's how you do yeah make
sure to pick bottom from school alley
totally lost my voice yeah always Biggs
Bartow from school
alright those good guess exactly yeah he
does what is going on do it love it okay
imagine it I'm so confused today was
unbelievable we did I think I was doing
seven hours of meeting greets and
signings today so I'm extremely tired
but totally worth it that's why we're
here I want to meet you guys
the show was unbelievable I couldn't
like what I think was like 9,000 people
it's so cool I love these I've been
doing these gatherings since I started
this internet thing when when I start
this 2005-2006 you know you speed 20
people and like Steve Chen would they
don't create or one of the creators of
YouTube would still come that was so
small it's crazy to think you know this
this wild ride called the Internet and
it's just crazy to see what's going and
where it's gonna be you know it's it's
so cool none of this really would even
exist without you guys out there it
gives me goosebumps look I'm getting a
good goosebumps getting goosebumps
talking about it it's so cool but I will
see you guys tomorrow if you're brand
new to these videos welcome subscribe so
you can watch every day my name is
Charles Ali is I think in the shower
right now
in the comments today I want to know
when you started watching these videos
it was today four years ago seven years
ago I want to know tell me in the
comments and if you
remember the day you started watching
but all right tomorrow is gonna be
another busy day love you all and I'll
see you as well as always see what you
did
hardly wait
where's easy at sexy
get it with y'all trippin
we're CBI
with chakra P and Harry
you
