good morning guys so today we write and
it's like freakin Fort Knox there's so
much security threat Disneyland okay no
that's okay
well that's we're gonna walk in an ad
that what
okay this might be I could literally get
into the White House before this thing
guess what today's guys thank God
today's industry day so there's gonna be
a lot of luck talking a lot of points
being made in a stern way new and
different ideas being shared I'm gonna
be a blast now my panel is gonna have
absolutely nothing good at all I'm not
really gonna have much to offer but now
I'm excited I'm actually sitting on a
panel today I'm a little nervous but I
actually know the topic so it's good I'm
in finally got in Cole's be yo shoot so
I finally got out I'm in front of the
House of Blues and now I'm trying to
find where VidCon is there's where my
wife is we're gonna be at VidCon
obviously now he's got a speaking thing
today we have a signing I should I don't
know when to signing it so I'll put it
in the description we have a signing on
Friday we the Kings is playing Friday
night we're all thinking the same things
all thinking the same things is randomly
walking in all right this is officially
the biggest cluster F ever I don't even
know how to get out of here it's like
Disney they're geniuses of just trapping
people in late into the hotel
so are you ready are you doing that back
while you're recording oh you're
drinking my water yeah I don't want you
to throw he's about to do a panel about
weight this is huge
I know and my day VidCon was small and
out of a cardboard box now I didn't come
back this is awesome wait until you see
the main stage you're gonna crap your
pants
I don't want to do that I only brought
one pair of pants right now yeah it was
like 15,000 people insane just listen I
really want to get it but my brother
this is actually happening no they suck
Charlie and gonna go hello hi how are
you that's a horrible very unflattering
job always also really exciting honestly
you get to come out here and like visit
you know what I'm you need to be able to
see people occasionally and have people
come visit me like that's really
exciting too for my viewers I gotta go
play a show watch it I'm gonna karate
chop your ballsack this is how I say bye
I love you get off me you have fun yeah
ah back in Downtown Disney I gotta go
get ready for the show I was getting
ready for a couple parties then she's
come to show then we're going back to
VidCon a lot of back and forth but the
good news is I'm actually staying for
the whole VidCon thing and then I think
we're shooting something with the fine
brothers on Monday I'm very excited that
I'm gonna be I'm gonna miss
unfortunately the Vegas show but
scooters in the play base and then I'm
gonna meet up for the Arizona show now
where the hell did the House of Blues go
about how nobody Isis anybody anymore
no one Isis anyone in or it's a lost or
about take me Chuck
I can't even Chuck
day one here's a funny thing when Ellie
and I were fighting some some Cologne
before we left her torch we ended up
getting the same one as traffic when I
put it on I thought Travis was in the
house somewhere
yeah and Ally was like ooh Charles smell
so good love you
she actually returned it the next day
Charles got me sick guys bumming also
say thanks to my mom today she's been
like cinematographer extraordinaire
turning my poor Charles he's been sick
and we're going we're about to go to the
House of Blues show that he's playing
tonight a couple of our friends are
gonna be there I think Boyce Avenue is
gonna be there but now I'm coughing and
he made me say that Jack breathing
we're at the Nintendo party Nintendo I
never thought in my life that I would be
able to say that I was invited to a
Nintendo party Luigi hats people shop
scuse me sir are you blogging about are
you drinking in public it's cooling I
was like can I just get the fruitiest
like early spring can have like
pineapple or whatever just throw me
anything like your house like yes yeah
it's good you're never like you are just
my best friend and I miss you so much
shout out to my fiance red he's the
biggest fan of CTFxC oh my god I'm his
biggest fan so I just want to say hi I
miss guys
what about that one
okay I browse so I think we were like a
bunch of four-year-olds I was like wait
those are the goody bags all right Danny
pressures on I like this Josiah is a
good call hi I don't know who to pet
first me my beer oh there we go
hey buddy the god Jake whatever so this
is PO this is Jake and Jess's puppy
I'm gonna just yeah I took off all my
foundation River Bass River fast what
are you doing I can't
damn
who's Mario Mario Mario Mario to me and
Mario or Luigi I'm Anna we thought
that's just dandy fire herself
this literally is a joke you have all
your pocket clothes
so we got chef Lindsay over here making
some delicious hot dog gourmet hot dog
it only makes hot dogs
oh that sounds I have to fight you hey
Iron Man come here yeah so trap trap is
apparently teeth-whitening right now
rather than taking a cab back
you got smart and realized that since we
the Kings are playing VidCon tomorrow
and we're at the same hotel tour bus
over so getting smart come on Luigi use
one of your pipes let's go this is why
we come to these things we were just
reminiscing how it fans you've got two
years Oh two years Danny Trejo right
that was the last time yeah that's all
right that's why we come here
I'm not when's the last time we hung out
together leave a comment below what was
it somebody will know tomorrow we have a
signing / beat up / awesomeness tomorrow
I think 2 to 4 p.m. so if you're at
VidCon please come say hi ready 1 2 3 ok
miscount alright I'll see you guys
tomorrow let us know what we should do
at VidCon and hope you guys have a great
day
don't forget to subscribe so you can see
all the the craziness of next weekend
you're right bye guys
wait
yes
with y'all trippin
with just a theory don't forget Zoey
you
