good morning guys we are back in San
Diego or how's the native say it sodden
vehicle which obviously translates to a
whales vagina good morning guys
Jeff and I thought it'd be pretty funny
to wait what are we getting
manis or Petty's are you getting
pedicures we're gonna go get a pedicure
I don't know you want to go get one no
I'm totally good ready Hey
see Menke get pedicures I know Ally's
been trying to get me to do it for a
longest time but kind of bored right now
she's not here what sucks as I woke up
this morning because last night when I
was saying goodnight to you guys
bummer my voice was going away so pretty
much it's gone no I have absolutely no
idea
this looks like an industry thing we're
never at are you ticklish on your feet
extremely like I don't know if any don't
do that you're embarrassing me we are
super less than it getting pedicures and
manicures right before VidCon Dadi is
getting so I gel very first time oh by
the way look I just got this the
prototype for possibly a new hoodie I
just got it yesterday what you guys
think should we make these I got it like
black and I like purple but this is I
like this one too
let me know in the comments what you
guys think you should make these are
that you ready for us buddy
yeah oh I got a pillow
all right I think what you're doing I
don't
yeah it's since I'm a little bit
disposed right now we are currently on
Josiah vision if turnout so you can see
who you are
that's Josiah guess you're forgetting
this is what I just Ali just called and
she's a little mad at me because I'm
doing Danny Petty's first with Travis
instead of her it's weird that you're
some calling of mani-pedis is that one
of manicures and pedicures I'm sorry
yeah you're saying this white damp which
have get mani-pedis I can't tell if like
we're just gross people we could prove a
lot of scheme but don't don't focus too
hard just I am because that might be
kind of your cooks snob just horrible or
are we pretty gross is that normal or a
lot yeah normal I feel like we should
like talk gossip right now like hunters
guitar playing has been really awful
lately and I think that it's because
he's not getting too much sleep Coco
Lee's just not hitting that sustain
pedal it's like drumsticks grow on trees
yeah that's how the real housewives up
with the Kings
you look you're going through like
childbirth or something like the pain a
teratogen keep breathing in and out push
never let go Jack let's check out those
nails which ones I got on oh good
look at hunters awesome sheets yes a
little bit and I have to pull up and you
have a pillow that's the greatest sheets
I've ever seen in my entire life so last
night middle of the night they do what's
called the dumpers which let it dump the
dope as you all know there's no pooping
on the bus so there's just dumping all
the chemicals Nicole's be like I do not
there was the most rank smell and the
bus and everybody was sleeping I wanted
to I was the only one that woke up I
want to wake everybody up start punching
in the face so the piss smell class huh
and I jammed it into the into the air
right here and let it blow into my face
like this is the only way that I can get
timing for that I never catch cat stuff
on camera Oh
oh my god that's impressive thank you I
thought he's faking
so I haven't been feeling - tip-top last
couple days it's yeah I think was what
got me was the drive from San Francisco
to LA I think what it is that basically
that bus flew where we're all just stuck
on the same bus for like nine or ten
hours and they're just it's like
airplanes it just circulates it
circulates so I got a banana but they
didn't have yellow ones so I had to get
a green one
and I just stare at it wait for it to
ripe I also completely completely forgot
to show you guys no you're you're right
when Alan or younger used to spit sugar
into each other's mouths cuz that's all
if you play pop rocks meets Pixy Stix
that's how you get ants
crossed off everything in yeah hey no
pasaran counters about this food three
dollars and fifty cents if I remember
this for 2012 and it's currently 2013
years you guys didn't now should you
cross out on the numbers you did a great
job
I wrote a lien just hanging out such a
nice day today
don't you agree couple of guys doing
juice what just a couple of guys do a
dude stuff so this is what I would start
doing to my bananas to make sure nobody
eats them but I feel like this makes
people want to eat them more hello my
name is mr. banana bun what so I can eat
this it's a banana right
look at that ice alright that's exactly
like anybody wait you didn't between the
walls like that and just go back oven hi
I will try it that way yeah
run out like this oh yeah I may have
tore a muscle to you buddy and went
through
louder
okay that's wider this is a lot closer
Yoshi exactly the only way that I will
then you have to think when you get up
to the top what do you do yeah Oh God
I guess you can do it like that
look agree on 22 rubbing my face
I don't know how to do that
push through I don't know what to do
what you're up there though that would
eat it
the discount is the most interesting
thing you know just a better late night
with a ball home run derby that's
getting real over here that's actually
impressive okay
but you are getting loca with those
scissors girl not just your hands I felt
a little secret windows that's cool
Yoshi's look at them being nice and
giving everyone water so I'm here with
the tallest CTFxC r I've ever met this
is Aaron he's way up there I just like
want you six really that smooth six
eight honestly the tallest CTFxC I've
ever met so yeah nice to meet you dude
we also have a good friend my good
friend Kareem is here got caught the
sisters well the sister sister and
brother so it's the whole family thing
and there's the tall guy again it's all
Aaron all right so we're signing off
from San Diego I'll see you guys
tomorrow
have a great night aunt Leigh I'm sorry
hold on
yes
get it with y'all trippin
we're Katie
yes with DNR we don't forget tomorrow
you
