good morning socio she's birthday
everyone so we were just told we can
watch the stage from our dressing room
look at them the oh she's polishing your
cymbals dude feel so creepy watching
Joey
and she's purring she's like really down
with this right now thank my onesie
she's nicely yeah excuse me can you stop
talking please cuz I'm in the middle but
you can kick my butt not like I'm not
gonna faster man don't work your butt no
no she is gonna kick my butt and she is
also going to be faster but Dodd is
convincing me motivating me to go for a
run I brought workout clothes
but what yes oh my god we're a team up
oh my god Tina look at us we're a team
guys he's like cuz I'm nothing
I mean oh my sighs all right all right
all right all this hills I want to ride
my penny board but I know if I do
I'd kill myself just going down themself
it'd be fun though huh just gonna go lay
down it just go on without me guys Coley
is just sitting there staring at the
chips he's you guys know his addiction
so you're DS going out first that you're
back you feel right there over I was
telling - he's over the hill down 22
like Collina welcome next time you guys
see Yoshi give up a little Kade so we're
trying to figure out the the melody for
Heartbreak Hotel and Danny this is
Danny's first guess not well it's now I
know it's wrong but my first guess was
to the tune of don't stop believing by
journey
but now you guys got to figure out the
melody try to figure it out just try to
hump it try not to do it the way he just
did it my defense you went that is what
we're running up I know you can't see
how steep it is but it's bad so what are
we doing first backwards
coach Dottie coach daddy are going up
guess login for CTFxC right now I'll ask
me to it is an honor it is a privilege
all right you don't see this every day
yeah I want to show you guys my ride
5,000 leader engine so remember
yesterday I was asking for a new some
more TV shows or movie ideas or titles
or something like that so I can start
watching while on tour a couple of you
guys actually sent this like link to
this video
it's called please like me actually they
uploaded the first episode on YouTube so
I just watched it I have to say it's
actually pretty funny
hey Yosh it also stars uh the comedian
Josh Thomas who actually is like that
like he's like heat masters the art of
painfully awkward comedy you know what I
mean I'd actually really like that kind
of humor it's it kind of I don't know
why it's just one of those types of
humors that I think is really funny so I
just want to say thank you guys for
suggesting this cuz it's I think it's
really awesome and actually you know
what makes it even cooler is it actually
deals with a lot of different like just
a little different situations real-life
situations if you guys want to check it
out the first episode is online I which
is cool because it's called please like
me and I think you guys all send it to
me because of say like being a we the
kings our song and stuff but yeah I did
I love when TV shows embrace the
internet like this and put the first
episode out and yeah good fine do you
guys good find on this August 1st is
what I read that the
entire series is actually gonna be
posted so this Thursday you can watch
the entire series which i think is
really cool that a lot of shows are
doing that now you don't have to wait
every single week especially now that I
just watched the first episode and now I
just want to watch all of it so kudos to
pivot for doing this and if you guys
want to check out if you have the
network you can check the link down
there it can find out where it is in
your location so watch the first episode
check it out come back here let me know
what you guys think and yeah any other
shows that'd be awesome
I want to I want to watch a lot of I
want to watch a lot of stuffs but
especially look at this green room this
green room is amazing it's just got a
couch and everyone's walking around so I
can just like relax and just watch stuff
alright we are going to the House of
Blues to see Charles and a bunch of
other people I think that Jessie and
Gina are going my mom is actually gonna
be yeah it's gonna be so much fun and I
cannot wait to see everybody and today
is Yoshi's birthday and so it's gonna be
so we have a little bit of surprise
visitors hi dude right Charles living
the life look at this look at that meal
look at this meal he comes in for you to
come to my show really come to the show
guys did you get food get food guess
who's here I got to show you a Lee's new
rocker pants I see your rocket pants
they're reversible as get Nina Ricci
pants honey guys got they get nice here
job they see squishy bids so now look
who's here and the whole family came out
gives me Mom nice so pretty much
everyone here down and it's wait we have
hey I don't know did you tell them about
this
no it's double well let me show them the
double thing
so it's suede and you're wearing that
first reversible pants of two pairs so
she absorbs all the sweat on that side
tore pants or you could just do what I
do and just never wear it wash your
pants what there's no cure like whiskey
just whiskey emergency chubby energy no
see the response and then take the
emerging
now that as a chaser the bugs already
dead brother beard brothers back your
beard is better this time it's thicker
we were here backstage nobody know it
was amazing here the house bones rocked
it I was telling Charles his jumps were
getting higher laughs you were talking
about how I feel like today well you
know why we sound good because this
world stop buddy even la vida loca yeah
bud this girl is so sweet she made that
thing she said and so that I can always
have a little piece of Charles with me
wherever I go it's his hair in a
shrinking shrinking is that what it was
hunters leaving AFI to join shades you
have to show up well he plays bass try
this put your pants on put your pants on
birthday punches blue sad face
two days all right guys that's it for
today's video thank you guys so so so
much for watching if you got to come out
to the show I hope it was a blast any of
you guys are coming to any of the other
upcoming with the King shows it's just
such a fun experience they are amazing
live and one of my favorite shows
honestly that I've ever seen I feel
lucky that I've gotten to see it so many
times over alright guys be sure to click
Subscribe if you haven't already and we
will see you tomorrow as always great
guys love you
day
I killed
psst
with y'all trippin
with trip in early don't forget go
anymore
