all right sing it
good morning good morning everyone
any guesses where we are actually today
did you know didn't let him get up oh
we're here the belly of the beast butt
bump Oh so YouTube's invited the band
and everybody to come take a little tour
of the offices I haven't been here in
years
there we go in Turkey asleep that's a
cool photo coy right
I would Google so probably does you just
don't know what you just did you
butterfly effect' dude you have no idea
what you just started so just got done
with the YouTube headquarters so it was
pretty cool we got to like show the band
meet everybody a lot of fun so but now
we're actually getting on the tour bus
right there and we're gonna drive to LA
because tomorrow is we're playing North
Hollywood San Diego then Anaheim which
is awesome cuz I get to see Ali for the
next couple days up bus is turned on
he's I gotta go
there's out the trash
very next time
okay here's the first selection the
first lineup and I have my fashion
critics here and my creepy box that I
stand up are you Simon hurry up you'll
be Randy yo dawg
holy cow you guys I have never been so
lucky in my life just landed two of the
three outfits I was looking for in about
30 minutes that is a world record for me
when it comes to shopping oh wait we're
locked in ah so we're still driving and
just really not much you can do on the
bus what it's driving because we have
like twelve or fourteen people at once
right now so I'm just watching some soup
too by the way you want to see us in
chief I don't know if I actually showed
you this ingenious design but ideally
had so normally it was just a it was
just a DVD player right and now they
thought of a good idea to get Superman
so I'll just attach the iPad look at
that the hill is always they can get
anything now I can just relax like this
and just want some Simpsons
can can argue that
touken hey Uncle Jesse
hello I just got back from Japan Oh
solid Greek yogurt the RIP rubbers we
had a good show there we had a song go
gold oh there we go
it still sucks down living my friend's
attic you think might not be that
successful I would have been right right
but that's right he did live in the
Attic my wife you know you know worked
on a morning television show and you
still in the Attic we still had trouble
that is true I've never thought about
that you have a cat though
she's like watching she's like any man
there give it to the cat your daddy's
gonna have some to do you look pretty
you look gorgeous want to wake Travis up
I think he's sleeping so scolds me we
could mess with Travis and clothes me
now I'm afraid to wake them it's like
the Ryan Gosling only the cereal thing
and so dot has a very cool pillow that
she just found to show you okay what is
that is a bed okay guests are very brave
everyone needs one of those pillows all
right ladies hand that couch is kissing
your ass get a couch that's just a giant
pair lips wait am I crazy baby or the
mustache that's a cool picture frame but
we're saying like how do you know if
your aim it right you know I pointed on
me picking my nose making uncomfortable
BAM no nobody please ma'am hey show them
the quick way to do laundry
thank you now you have clean pants let
us see your YouTube shirt you got your
YouTube shirt and we put where's Josiah
you get one I'm gonna get YouTube shirt
you can wake up I know my god all right
we got a pet roast
I can't Oh are your ears I'll plug Danny
what apparently there is an in-and-out
burger somewhere or oh my god there's a
Starbucks somewhere around here and I
remember filming it the other night met
the other day the last tour it was
delicious so I'm gonna go try to find it
now cocaine's is now filling up the bus
here's a fun fact
okay it's refilled up here okay and
Coltrane is filling it up here fun
little fact 200 gallons is going to go
into this beast
that's a lot of freaking I thought we
went over there are you kidding me that
we already made an example of these boys
yesterday by saying violence isn't the
answer but apparently apparently oh
sorry about hi I don't think violence is
listen either I think Sam is really
being a bad role model to all
up-and-coming young men don't take this
kind of stuff guys if somebody hits you
this is something you guys do you
remember this from like 2009 blogs this
has been like years since I've had
around the day and I love it and then
keeping with the Asian food theme like
yesterday with the nacho which we know
it was a huge success
this is slightly more delicious we're
gonna do Romany you wanna come do this
Sam hold a bottle and put it slam it
harder okay right so we are now in LA
Zak Yoshi and I are trying to find some
food I still we love LA I can't hear
anything on my left left ear right now
cuz it's still out my right here count
hurts I tried that yawning I tried the
blowing in your nose holding your nose
do you guys have any other suggestions
cuz it's probably carry on for the next
couple hours what do you think should
Ali have gotten married in that you
think that would have been better
it's like a tornado fire oh it's got
Wi-Fi this is good it's good we're good
Zach tusen four minutes is like nose
from Happy Days so you're supposed to
like kick it and then go you gotta fight
you gotta Fonzie it and it's CDs yeah
right he's still addicted that game
literally Yoshi's been addicted this
game for like two years I'm that guy
that I still play paper oh yeah Zach and
I did it right there we go you got a
chili so I'm realizing if I walk like
this I can actually hear it actually
goes away so that doesn't look weird
right all right guys well I'm walking
back to the bus right now we are in
Hollywood tomorrow's the LA show which
is going to be awesome because that
means Ali's coming out and I miss her so
much
wait oh my god I can hear I can hear
again you hear out of both ears he knows
kind of funny is like people don't
necessarily look at you strangely if
you're vlogging or talking to a camera
in Hollywood I feel like it people just
like oh that guy's crazy he's crazy but
one thing I definitely need to do
especially for days like this is get a
bunch of movies I need to go to soar or
just have night tunes it's down a little
bit actually
in the comments tell me the movies I
should be getting and watching on this
tour like or TV shows honestly I've
never seen Lord of the Rings or Harry
Potter do we solid guys want to do with
do me solid and tell me in the comments
some awesome movies I should check out
and that way I don't go crazy on the bus
anymore and if you're new to our videos
I I hear you should subscribe I'm pretty
lame but we do some pretty cool things
so yeah
all right I'll see you guys tomorrow as
always love you all and have a great
night I got okay somebody's yelling at
me I gotta go walk faster walk faster
Charles
okay legit sis freaked out
it's the other guard a waiter
hey where's the ESX
with Joe Trippi
- it would be an ally don't forget to
anymore
you
