Kalinin yes you're you're fine you're
just you're relaxing right now you're
fine you say hi so good morning Internet
here's our little a little buddy yes you
say hi oh you're fine you're still up at
the Sarasota house no power yeah back in
st. Petersburg right now I'm just
editing the vlog hanging on to my little
buddy because we were cleaning up the
litter box she's learning how to use it
and use it very well
today is Marley's birthday so we are
going to have a little puppy party today
honestly I'm not really sure how long
we're gonna be in this house but we're
very thankful we have a house of power
and the healthy kitty she's getting very
antsy
so today is Marley's birthday yes oh no
I don't want to have a birthday the
coab's is in the house getting ready to
show friendly how it's done you're gonna
do the pink coat get in there good job
mr. Kolb
good job babe there she is
we got the lifeguard over here making
sure this guy doesn't drown himself
khob stir let's do the kobe dive
hey birthday girl
300 I get a year older Sigma le when got
a bunch of like birthday stuff as if
they person over here oh go Beast are
you ready for the party like Marley can
you read what that says no you mean
puppy cakes dogs started going into the
pool super early this morning so now
they're all pooped
Dixie's coming over with Meg she's not
really a bulldog but I'm thinking if
she's around the other dogs she might
like it a little bit more birthday treat
cake one so you guys know us were those
type of people we got another dog we're
making you a cake what is that like it
oh she stole your ball what do you do
you just got robbed by dog quarter-sized
is literally a dog party now
I pull those off your eyes I just need
to see your face why Mary came all out
your alignment work Orange I'll of
everyone's face Bravo was this puppy
cake looking good this is supposed to
just get cooled down and get harder now
you probably do anything with this a dog
cake
does it taste good he's always being
really good today so she gets like the
bowl you taking it for a ride she was
all do you get it
I do what Marly does pin it against the
wall but your foot in it I think she
deserves more fun just traveling around
with it this is all like for people who
don't know it's like all chopped carrots
baby food right peanut butter flour some
vanilla cream cheese cinnamon is really
good yeah you guys see this this is the
first time I've ever seen a dog do this
you can't read water does it sit there
and tread water tread water buddy she's
like I know there's food being cooked
Marley get in there in the booth in true
Charles Trippy fashion you know that he
wants to get a photo of all the dogs in
it the party hat does not go before they
sit before they eat because right now
all they smell is burgers and hot dogs
and I can promise you this
they're now wanting to do this
whatsoever as adults this is what we do
when we do their dogs when they have a
birthday that's good enough hope he
looks like a gnome
good
why would you even cut it how do you
notice people now so you took half of
the case yeah she like taught everybody
how to eat it and so we share now all
right everybody all right everybody
ready so dumb I love it you done Dixie
are you done yet Zoe's Kobayashi a
little Kobayashi over here little party
pooper over there
already done Jed too much fun all it is
is just take a giant mock see I will let
him go here you go buddy
they never give up what you're like it's
my birthday
what's going on Barbara Geoff is a
birthday girl who want to go swimming
more water oh my god now I feel like
such a jerk
it's such an interesting puppy birthday
because it's been raining a lot today so
we got to go in the pool early but then
after that we kind of just like
I up on the deck and by the actual table
of the pool yeah yeah but it was raining
we were underneath the shelter pool it's
kind of a nice laid back day I feel like
we haven't been able to really have that
yet
and because we've been so anxious with
everything that's been going on so today
it was very nice and and much-needed
much-needed see the thing is is you have
two very nice pillows that you have that
what's the magic word do you say please
what do you say what do you say drama
I'll give it you
you guys one more puppy cake Zoe and
some puppy cake okay literally that is
carrot cake
that's so pointless carrot cake
literally every no sugar so and you guys
did so well with the kitten today power
back and everybody's safe and yep I've
got I guess back
