good morning we are getting coffee right
here I know we are glad I never get
coffee look how cool this art is this
was done by hands neighbor that's the
best sure never wears well oh my god
where is Waldo hold on uh wait he's not
on here that's the funny thing is it not
he's right here he's on the tag no he's
got to be on their internet you find
Waldo
you got him right there up there's Waldo
come on trav so we're not in San
Francisco for d/f we're actually in Palo
Alto tomorrow Palo Alto sorry Travis and
I really want to find like an old-school
like Giants shirt but I I mean we're an
urban right now and I don't really want
to do that but like I want to find like
a thrift shop with an old like my
kilomole shirt like an old-school like
70s 80s like Giants sure nothing is
awesome here we are in Laguna it's
beautiful just a second ago that was
like yeah maybe seven or eight-foot
shorebreak and we lost our frisbee ring
actually we lost nanos frisbee ring in
the ocean she took it because she wanted
it and we're never gonna get it back now
cuz I'm not that good of a swimmer and
this is really crazy fighting show them
violence is not the answer cab so
beautiful look at that ocean look at
that cat it's amazing kitty
don't hide they really uh they'll easily
cram the Apple store in there and then
Windows is like gal by a ball to space
like a drummer in the eighties right now
horse snowboarder alright so we were
walking back and I just want to show you
the strangest tree I've ever seen ever
it's like molting I'm fascinated by this
thing I noticed something on the bottom
of my feet
that goes weird look at that these are
all sans furs that would have been in my
feet you got him - alright so I was
walking around this hotel and I'm having
wicked deja vu right now do you guys
remember when Allie and I came to Google
headquarters and what would we I don't
remember why we're out here but it was
like Phil Joe mr. guitar man and we were
all sitting like right there and we were
all in that one couch and we were just
like hanging out at night you guys
remember that I was like I want to say
like 2010 deja vu is a trippy thing no
pun intended
my mind is exploding right now fish
hello fish I was just telling the girls
about how whenever we walk anywhere with
the band if Travis is with us and we are
approaching a group of people he just
does some really loud like bird noise
because uh we just got I don't know I
don't even know how we got on the
subject or that's but dot can do an
amazing dolphin impersonation I think
I've shown you this before but it's
worth a second go alive
it's amazing so we're we were discussing
you know just talking to each other like
that down the street and see see how
people feel about it we walked by an
open nail salon and I don't think they
found it very funny so I'm having some
pretty like intense back pain at the
moment lower back pain I've had it for a
long time I never talked about I just
cut it's kind of weird but everybody's
legs are a little bit uneven but my left
leg is like significantly longer than my
right leg and it's causing me some pain
right now so Chelsea is awesome and
she's studying therapy what did you
study exactly I worked in a physical
therapy clinic for a year nice and so
she's helping me with stretches and
she's gonna show me the proper way to
sleep which I didn't even know that was
a thing but she's gonna see it girl
important for women okay I have curves
in our hips this is a matter for guys
but you want to have something
underneath to support your hips because
if you watch when you're laying on your
side uh-huh your hips are gonna sink
right twisted so if you put something
under that it's gonna lift it up and
then it's aligned I mean this one's
doubled up but I'll show you why cuz if
you're here
see how my neck is down like that right
so now my hips are lifting but my neck
is down yeah so you want to get your
spine in alignment yes that's a whole
goal so you take this you put it in
between your knees now the goal of this
part is you have to have in between your
feet as well I'm good tell you to hug it
look at ya look how beautiful she looks
she's one are you just gonna do you want
to go to sleep right now yeah I do
cuz you fall asleep right now actually
that's awesome there you go if you have
some pain in the morning she was saying
that if she like every night she sleeps
like that once she learned how to do it
and she doesn't have pain anymore when
she wakes up which is awesome now you
can go and piss off all your significant
others by having a bed full of pillows
see there is a point to having tons of
pillows it's not just per show it's for
your body
so where we are staying like I said it's
that same place that we stayed a long
time ago which really isn't close to
anything so put a slow day today what I
mean in all honesty slow days are super
super welcomed and super enjoyable so
we're out at Chelsea's boyfriend's
restaurant where he worked and he sent
out a very special dish of house-made
bread for us and we thought it was very
nice so we wanted what he was standing
there staring at us waiting or something
and then Chelsea moves the two top
loaves of bread to find a bread dick
concealed underneath everything oh my
that looks amazing
the bread stick was a little much I
don't even know what to do with this it
looks so so tiny and awesome we are
waiting for the Laguna trolley now we're
going to the Troy yeah we're going to
the marina yeah yeah Hemme season in the
marina
sounds great yeah and so where's the
trolley gonna take us
Troy is gonna take us straight to
hannasseys right the front door
beautiful we'll just have fun I like
your cache sweater okay you're totally
prepared casual cash man we are on it's
really fun it is really close
how you guys doing it's really cold
which is bizarre for me because in
Florida in the summer even at night it
is damn hot so this is better crazy so
apparently there's a wedding going down
in the lobby
so what trav is doing is he's dressing
the part and he's gonna go to the bar
and just what if we were giving him a
character we're giving him a persona
Sebastian black yes that's your name
and he's gonna go to the bar he's gonna
have his tie kind of down to shovel he's
gonna have a story about how the girl
getting married was supposed to get
married to Travis yeah so I'm gonna be
like I'm gonna have fake drinks all
around me like this til somebody asked
what happens I'm gonna be like Linda
married the wrong guy better find out if
it really is oh Linda yeah I gotta
figure out of his lender who's Linda
just to clarify he's not crashing the
actual wedding there's a bar in the
lobby and he's gonna do this outside the
wedding so when they're you know
somebody comes out and all like drunk
and something they see trav and they're
intrigued so I'm slowly learning more
about scooter we just found out scooter
skated him when he was a kid all the
time there we go okay I'll count it I'll
count it company I feel like a million
dollars I just got out of the shower it
it's like but I think I talked about
like one of the first couple tours or
every single tour I get home it's like
those little tiny luxuries when you're
on the road it's kind of like one of
those things where you kind of
appreciate the little things like
running water like taking a number two
that's that's a pretty valuable one with
a toilet seat that's attached to the
seat I should say but at the same time
when you're but at the same time it's
like the most fun ever like you have you
ever noticed that like really crappy
times always have like some sort of like
really awesome thing that you always
remember like it's like oh yeah I
remember that one time we broke down in
the middle of the highway and then this
happened it was amazing like in the
comments right now or just in your head
right now think about some sort of bad
time and then how you somehow eventually
came up with something awesome you know
I mean it's I think it's like the way
the world works
your mind deals with like drama or
stress zach has this fedora back here
what do you think take a look in the
20-city yeah I think everyone does you
look like you belong on a sailboat
without this hat
see I look pretty stupid cuz my head so
big doesn't work for me but then when we
put it on nerd rock he looks like he's
in a band Smash Mouth you can work it
too
wait
worth maybe a sexy
which all trippy
Harry don't forget to
you
