she didn't even know if good morning
so some awesome people got it how do I
do this she might still be outside
right yeah eww it's like one of those
like shoot me with the nerf gun okay but
what the fuck was that this is one of my
favorite things when trap gets really
focused on a movie doesn't even know
what this movie is called because if
Teen Wolf is that what is called so we
are in Sacramento and it's a huge day
job who do you guys remember all that
stuff over there Ace of Spades this guy
right there paying that who's there
there's two people making out nothing's
changed
exactly how I remember it those are your
only choices any are just talking about
how yesterday was probably the worst
thing we could possibly do as that seems
what is that huh but my entire right
side like I can't I don't want to look
at Danny right now I have to kind of go
up I have to kind of go like this his
neck is gone your back is gone it was
good really knocked it back in yeah
we're getting old if you didn't watch
yesterday's video
trust me go watch it we almost killed
ourselves on inner tubes jumping off a
boat jet skis back flips front flips
just watch yesterday's video if you
already watch it watch it again
trust me you might see something
different like when Scott and I hit each
other in the face Hurley box okay today
I woke up to the greatest thing ever
this morning I went to the post office
to check my mail one last time before I
head out to LA and our friends at Hurley
sent us a whole gigantic box full of
goodies which is perfect because I don't
have any clothes to wear to VidCon so
I'm gonna go through this now oh my
goodness okay ladies it's VidCon time
gonna be very very good and I'll see you
guys in a few days all right girls you'd
be super extra good for Dennis and
Justin okay be super extra good
kind of hurts right so we were all just
wondering what Scott was doing moving
all this beer I got it
this is the first time I've ever seen
this shirt nice I think I'm addicted I
had that root beer float the other day
come on guys just just one more
I just need one just one one get one
just cook this thing I got a nice TV
dinner and I realized it's salad edition
so this step way down here is place cut
lettuce on your plate so this dog food
on time oh so you just gonna have a
bunch of other ones I don't know what it
is so somebody else also sent us this so
Sarah is going to possibly eat
chocolate-covered insects yes look at
some y'all you eat that too
there's no like 2/5 you know that's it
wanna get an insect with us no yeah Li
one you know mean hunter we're almost
late for a very important date you guys
what is the deal with me and being late
to airports it's really like not cool
and I might wow there was a plane going
right over us anyhow I am going to LA
today I don't even think I've told you
guys this because everything has been so
hectic lately I am going out to
California today early to visit a few of
my friends out there I'm gonna be
actually staying with Hannah and da cheb
I miss them so much I haven't seen them
in a long time so that's where I'm
headed today oh shoot Charles in the
face with a nerf gun we are trained
professionals do not try this at home
that hurt where did it hit ran up my
nose
those guys are supposed to hurt like I
remember a nerf cantos like oh I'm gonna
hit my nerf gun and now it's like oh I'm
gonna get like just shoot me with a
bullet you want me to shoot you you
wanna shoot there yep
what what the shooter now it's better if
you shooter
I've just always imagined like like
fantasized about like walking out to
show is having a bunch of balloons just
going everywhere so we figured that we
would start it off ourselves and you
know leave like we doing bro
we figured we would lead by example she
passed balloon by buying Hannah Montana
by us so today we paid for us a fluff
enfold which is a you know send off your
laundry they they wash it and they fold
it and they dry it but today we only got
a fluff and they mixed everything my
jeans are wet so traffic Olli and I are
now holding my divided you Dubai divided
or is this hundred large I do divide it
yeah you a large no I'm not black medium
flame shirt that's me we're learning a
lot about each other right now Polo
Ralph Lauren white team
Danny maybe Danny caught him in turn
maybe Honda so remember the end of the
video where we kind of calls we got a
huge wedgie here's the wash tub we found
the evidence you decided my really
sentimental
all right so we're all all the this is
all the shower first
rock-paper-scissors you how do we do
this you don't
odds and evens can you do wait no it's
still cheaper gaming no you can do odds
and evens brought paper okay so rock the
rock your paper then you say says Paper
Scissors shoot Wow Rock Paper Scissors
shoot
I'm out now yeah you're back my fingers
my fingers guess all right so that Rock
Paper Scissors shoot for unit Carlos jr.
bathroom hand just pick me up from the
airport we stopped to go pee really
quick and we can't this one is open this
one won't open but there's toilet paper
in that one and not another one please
don't
oh my god tomorrow is another day off
we're gonna be actually a day off in San
Francisco which is I'm really looking
forward to I can't I'm so bummed I
looked up like the Alcatraz and it looks
like I won't be able to get to go
because like it's like we're like Statue
of Liberty crap where you have to like
plan it like months in advance but I
just talked to Ali she got over to San
Clemente I think I'm saying right so
she's hanging out with Devin Hannah
which is cool before VidCon then we have
a couple more days we actually going to
VidCon we're playing VidCon we have a
show and I'll get to see her in a couple
days so it's gonna be really nice so
since Kohli Beavis Sarah and I we all
have tried the worms and grubs and
maggots or whatever the heck create I
want to know in the comments for the
secret phrase of the day question of the
day I want to know what is the word
weirdest or grossest thing you've ever
eaten in your entire life I'll see you
guys just went green I'll see you guys
tomorrow and hope you have a great night
alright bye guys
alright continuing Sacramento wants to
say something
they meant to say goodnight to coach him
Travis Travis
it's hardly wait
worse yet
which all tripping
as with Dirty Harry
you
