breakfast of champions wait guys here we
guys already put some new meaning to
salute your short you've been waiting
all tour for that out or today's day off
and we are at Lake Shasta bungalow theme
of the day let's hold hola so we got a
boat we got jet skis it's gonna be a fun
day ally can't be here right now I'm
sorry but I'm wearing her shirt as a
homage so she's with us in spirit we'll
see that hat Oh sir we're in a lake
there's no sharks and we're in
California so there's no alligators
family we are going for round two of
VidCon shopping since I found one dress
yesterday
he's just straight chillin in the nola
road alright minivans are the worst
drivers guys no lie
in squirrel every time I turn around
look at this mmm it smells so good but
we got new captain huh you gotta wear
the captain had cold in the legality
things you're not wearing it you can't
drive you're wiggling jerk the wheel
took the wheel oh there we go you did is
what you're gonna be doing when you're
80 yeah yeah she's just floating goats
one with the ducks
I didn't even know there but we just
dropped James off at an indoor skate
park in st. Pete on our way to the mall
and this place is
this is so cool yeah the art is really
really cool believe
money
so we just met these lovely ladies and
this gentleman is going to take us and
we are going to battle it's gonna be
Coley and I versus trav and Scott
drivers gonna drive as crazy as possible
and try to flip us and you have to stay
in the comments who do you thinks gonna
win team Travis Scott or team Charles
and Koli in the comments right now
big bully
so this is a dress that I was looking at
for VidCon like a sassy back of it no no
no I didn't know what to do Oh
decisions decisions we had to stop for a
quick tier 8
cheers to the royal babies even though I
want to call them Joffrey
missio Joel Charles and Josiah versus
nerd rock in Hondo trying to work at a
camera I'd be a horrible vlogger and the
comments please tell us who do you think
would win but if just the whole time
I've logged the cameras like this it's
totally off
game on let's do this man down Charles
and Josiah are the winners of Round one
nerd Rock went off under stayed on but
you need both people to win round two
two to zero
round three
haha we got a dead body on one of the
tubes the flag signifies man I think we
killed your side trap did a great job
vlogging good job trav thank you how's
your back dude I'm probably gonna piss
blood with next week which let's go back
and look at that again I landed rape my
near a Tantra sighs back I'll save you
buddy right we found a Wawa on the way
back from the mall and my mom has never
been here and neither Jessie there's
James so we are going to get some delish
ponies right now
memory
we got a dead body
just take it in guys so gorgeous this is
the largest man-made lake this is all
man-made when they view like forest
fires they get the water from here you
enjoying yourself no drugs jump off what
are you doing there Scott just
stretching Scott and forgot that we feed
him like the Ducks oh I was pretty close
it's God forgot that we have two
bathrooms right there today's a game
first this is what Yoshi makes good
engineering there Yoshi
come on captain get us in get us in
captain 12 backseat drivers right now so
that was a nice relaxing day you have
fun new docks I know
internet I Internet can you see those a
wall that you can't climb come on you
can do it with this poor underwear that
is a wedgie hey everyone I hope you
enjoyed today's video it was we almost
killed ourselves like four times as you
saw I need to get to sleep I'm exhausted
I will see you guys tomorrow if this is
the first time were watching our videos
please click subscribe so you can watch
us every day as he has tomorrow bye guys
ah wait
and worse yet such thing
with trippy
would be an ally don't forget Zoey
Marley
you
