good morning Internet we are in Portland
I feel like we don't have enough cats
and like like other hipster stuff stuff
yeah we need a bunch of 90s tougher now
or a dog with pink ears good luck guys
half a breeze went that way Kyle's going
now a good luck Kyle we're going this
way Starbucks this way GPS just sending
us all different directions we're all
like coming together at certain points
just be like where are we well we just
got turned around now as Danny just
pointed out we're in the Portland
Triangle I guess we can call it you mean
a triangle Portland basically if you
didn't know Portland has this digital
blocker and you can only use physical
things like phone books physical maps
Zach more cell phones if you didn't know
that's actually a fun fact google it
oh you can't google it if you're in
Portland look it up go to your local
library and look it up Justine I don't
know how they do it it's technology but
wait that would be ironic wouldn't it
wait with it that would be ironic if
they had a digital blocker because that
would be technology blocking my head
hurts just kidding I actually really
like Portland it's just I don't know
we're having really bad luck trying to
find a Starbucks pick death oh and
success we've actually found the
Starbucks
double success since the crew has been
working so hard Danny and I are going to
treat them to massive massive diary
we're gonna get up a bunch of tacos and
stuff like that and Surprise them
because tomorrow is day off they are
they are day off we should get them to
stake out so trav Danny and I are gonna
be playing speed monopoly right now okay
before we start in the comments
are you team Charles team Danny or team
Travis who's going to come out the
victor in this game of Monopoly Travis
can't talk he's on vocal rest I'm gonna
be a helicopter so that's a new one all
right yeah all right these are new ones
I want to be the robot trav you can be
the diamond ring yeah how about the
guitar hey how about the guitar champ
huh you look at ours oh oh oh someone
already owns Boardwalk
all right pretty much all I have though
I just thought about something playing
this with real money
who like if you land on my property and
you have to pay $50 really pretty yet
who goes get both of them
buteo Trev ice I rolled a 10 from the
st. James's traps got a lot they both
have a lot of products again I have five
ones
here you go wait a minute 35 I don't
have my house at my house okay so I'm
fairly not playing with friends right
now
cuz I keep I'm still learning I haven't
played in 10 years and people keep
landing on my stuff and no one's being
honest
so my friends are just trespassing
instead of vlogging so my friends are
trespassing I'm just not getting caught
trespassing basically is what happened
okay $32
what what what is this oh I said advance
the boardwalk but I was just pulling
your leg oh there's a little house over
there grab you on the red yep
son of a bitch she got me I got all four
of your properties yeah all right so I
just did this deal with trav
that's what I own now all right Travis
and I are about the flip missing boy
oh no a nutbar place wait a minute wait
let's do a recount here most of wine oh
wait it keeps gifts with your robbery
because you go in I'll change you all
that for waterworks
Dravid I are emerging emerging now I
have to fill everybody in and what's
going on so Travis quick cuz he saw the
he was losing gave all of his property
to Charlie but all the way have this for
a dollar he is now negotiated and give
to him I know gave it to its old Sultan
do for a dollar is negotiating now how
to get his property back paying full
price and Charles is saying I let him go
cuz he landed on my utilities oh and
that's what put me out the utilities
yeah I live I had a by struck he gave
him his property is trying to buy it
back now for full price and how much
insanity well Trav's out now it's
between Danny and I wait you're on a
railroad I don't know four of those all
four of those 200 bucks please thank you
boo back in the game games so cutthroat
Danny doesn't trust there we go it's
fine I get it so now so 810 m 8n will
take over all your railroads now no no I
have cash no I don't ah
mortgage crisis well Danny is the victor
fewer team Danny I tried to sell part
you want to want to buy these
$1,900 and he's trying to give me pork
place the colony if you've ever been to
Portland is probably the most unique
giant city on the planet
Hey oh hi this gentleman has a root beer
float for me thank you so much
there we go I'm a five-year-old
this ice cream is like a local ice cream
I don't even want to put the root beer
on it I'm just eating I like this job's
already dried it feels strong I did try
it with a straw and it's very good it's
like imagine the best ice cream in your
mouth love don't listen - it's amazing
you're everything less you like me
though Yoshii come eat your tacos did
your taco yeah I saw the trend to sit
for Yoshi's over four with his food as
dinner stepped on this poor Yoshi Yoshi
just needs food we don't feed him on
this tour all right well there we go
that's a very sad thing to see so we're
about to take this stage here in
Portland if you actually remember the
last tour is really the King's May Day
parade that was when actually Danny was
the day after Danny broke his arm the
day before the whole Boise you know the
whole
thing so we actually didn't play as a
full band Danny and I sat out made an
acoustic so this is actually gonna be my
first time ever playing in Portland and
I think it's sold out so I'm pretty
excited and I just found a back exit
okay that's cool that's just that's what
happens when you wander you don't know
where you're gonna end up all right hon
are you ready to go set my picked up I
don't have any no I can't find you pick
at all you are always losing things
plays this video and record Zooey Marley
and see if they pay attention where's
your sister someone don't care what joy
where's the toilet where is it I want it
that is what the secret phrase is Allie
Allie you suck hey Allie
tell her she suck tell her she sucks
what do you got there Zach bump gum this
amazingness look at that we should make
a cheeto one for you dude so look at
this ready set got the whole crew over
here with the kings amazing amazing
doughnuts oh there we go now we can see
everything this is all I have taken it
that's a Reese's one all right guys well
I'm gonna go to bed
enjoy to this video I actually want to
ask you guys as a kid I remember always
monopoly causing so many fright like
fights with my friends and like family
tell me in the comments like that and
sorry tell me the comments the game that
you would always get the fight with your
family like a board game Oh in the game
of life my sister and I used to get in
fights like we would just like tackle
each other over the game of life I
remember that but before I go Portland
has something to say alright go by from
Portland
see what you did
worse yet
giddy with y'all trippin
we're safety
see
with champion
you
