today we're going to Starbucks the very
first Starbucks come on Danny let's go
so today we are in one of my favorite
all-time cities Seattle we're going to
the very first Starbucks then we're
gonna go catch some fish and all that
fun stuff that's right you're sniffing
it out for us
I don't like Starbucks much you guys
tonight that's kind of hard to smell it
to coffee and fish it's all you snow I
was like they don't like oh there's not
enough flannel here in Seattle then I
look over at Dan I'm like wait you did
it on purpose in yeah I feel you're like
an idiot
I have flannel too but it'd be the same
exact one so we can't do that oh that is
a that is a line there
hey Jenny do you need this piece of
paper well yes too bad so I'm just
sitting here editing you know going
about my morning trying to get things
taken care of and I just keep having
this feeling like I have to poop my
pants Kimberly thank you for this tea
literally I've already I've already
pooped twice and this is gonna be the
third time and we'll see how the rest of
my day looks so far this is becoming a
little bit of an issue for me if I can't
get my work done so I'm sure you really
want to hear all that do feed the birds
you're not supposed to be up there buddy
you look at gargoyle
the start it's so good it says oh it's
leaking now this is that market where we
found the ocarina over the ocarina the
lady sent us a long time ago a trap
what's up buddy want to be in a video no
okay
all right so what we're Travis head okay
Travis had caffeine that's what's going
on
there's something fishy about this place
now not approved because there's there's
fish fish over here so since I did the
last time we are pressuring trav to do
it this time
you're just looking back at me and she
picks that sucker
give me your pants Eagle claws just no
pressure but I caught it on the first
try
oh they didn't want me to throw it back
because I guess last time while he was
saying last time that somebody threw a
fish back after catching it it hit an
old woman in the face because the
apperance I guess I don't know what the
clause was but apparently you can't just
throw a raw fish and some of the woman's
face so they're like alright man but so
you know the last person I did it got
sued by an old lady up to hit me oh my
god so I came in here to get him because
I heard she was sleeping but it just
reminded me of one of my all-time
favorite things to do to people when
they're pissing you off and they won't
get out of bed you tell them oh come
here just sit on the edge of the bed I'm
gonna do something really fun so sit on
the edge of the bed okay sit on the edge
of the bed okay now just keep your body
straight but relax close your eyes okay
ready her eyes relax so it is really
really fun to just slam people's head
back while they're standing on the edge
of the bed cuz it feels like a whoa what
is happening in the Falls right now it
feels like you're like a roller coaster
she just punch me in the stomach feels
like you're on a roller coaster edge
Asha and I like really coasters well
that's it up yeah repeat box
we are the West look what I got guys
Brad no camera so excited they finally
sorted out all of the crap that was
wrong with our last camera that we sent
on to get fixed and they ended up just
like trashing it because it was more
expensive to fix it and they
discontinued that at the camera so I got
a new one ready transfer magic so I just
looked on Google Maps and thinking
there's a bed bath to be on so I just
want to show you this is I have to wrap
my toothbrush because I lost my Stara
pod I have to wrap my toothbrush in a
freaking ziploc bag I just looked and
there's a bitmap neon somewhere that's
what I'm gonna do now victorious now I
won't have a dirty tooth those of you
actually don't know what this is it's
called a sterile pod and I swear by it
actually well you put it you put your
your toothbrush your in it and it's like
a case and what it does is it has like
this vapor that actually sterilizes your
toothbrush so I guess and there was no
other way to actually say this is the
poop particles in your bathroom
don't get all on your toothbrush and
then in your mouth so me being a
germaphobe I swear by things also the
best part is that they last like three
months and this tour is two months so I
got a backup just in case open it up
good Jess
you typically use two hands for this and
then you just open the clip and you clip
it on there and that's it
throw them in your purse it's actually
it's a man bag I call it a man bag no
matter what it's always a man bag so
yeah if you want to stare pod links down
there in the description you go check it
out find a store that actually has it
and that way you can stop putting poo
particles in your mouth because that's
pretty gross guys you got to stop doing
that driving range I love your visor
girl you ain't a see all it's been a
really long time since I've hit balls no
exploding balls today right this one
does look like an exploding oh God
let's test it and we're good double
stacked balls catch it
oh that was so close
nice all right now he's gonna try to
battle Charles with her happy gilmore
that big Gilmore
you win take one take two there it is
sure we can't see it but it was pretty
excellent yeah but see that was really
good amazing there we go
that sounded awesome boom
where's Marley I love you but where's
Marley and Zoey there's Marley there's
oats ass okay okay Zoey look at me stop
looking at the laser there she is
all eight bit of her crack deals crack
deals like I seem to down from like
different parties like right in front of
her buzzing chatter that Coney
that is like the mark where cranky we
should probably move like right there
there was a syringe actually pretty
freaky
here's the human squirrel climate climb
that wall
what oh yeah he was finished I was
shaving my beard and I got really
nervous so I ran inside I was shaving at
number three and then I slipped because
I got really nervous and now I baby face
what do you guys think she's like a baby
face or go back to the beard that's
Travis jumping up and down as you can
see everything is not moving like a
Jurassic Park we're not allowed to bring
in our own cups Danny keep going buddy
can't bring it in freshy the air-water
say good night
alex is a floating head right now hope
you guys enjoyed today's video tomorrow
we're going to Portland so that's
another cool fun city oh god there's
more people coming don't forget to
subscribe if you're just now joining our
videos and yeah I will see you guys
tomorrow as always yeah you're the man
grunge capital of the world Seattle
wants to say something
we wait
yes
with y'all trippin
yes with Sharpie in early
