it's gonna be a good day she's got to
the hotel look what Scott brought in
fresh cookies
good morning found them all actually
this is the same all Travis and I were
just talking about the same all that we
did I don't know if you guys remember
that one time where we walked through
the drive-through after we watched that
movie prometheus like you're like
sideswiped me with those these are like
country western boots have these to
happen oh the spirt yeah I'm still
trying to figure out if I should retire
these or not what do you guys do holy
crap this is the Starbucks that we did
the world's most expensive Starbucks
remember that was where Danny and I did
it Marley is there something that you
wanted did you maybe want to go outside
and swim did you want to swim did you
want to swim she's like I'll lead the
way I would leap the way so yeah the
weather has actually been beautiful
lately thank God because I wanted it to
be nice for my family in it like pours
rain in the afternoons in the summer but
it's been really really nice lately oh
yeah make yourself at home it's your
pool decks message one Meyer get in get
the pool good girls
oh it didn't scare you I thought I was
gonna scare you lemurs as soon as I saw
it going you know I'm like okay what's
happened man I was trying to scare my
mom with the ring thing from yesterday's
hey that's fine I'll just give you with
the snake game or the little maze game
you guys remember that it was a long
time to go in the vlogs
Oh Charles recorded any slowed you down
yes
oh wait what am I like do it again how
do I like yet another reason why I love
doing these daily videos I mean I'm on
tour right so I can't always see you
like I can call Ally and ask her what
she did it you know and all that stuff
like would you do today there's always
little things that you know just don't
come up for example how a rescuing a
turtle I'm always watching the videos to
see what ally does and she watches the
videos to see what I do so it's kind of
cool to see what Ally was doing she
saved the turtle how you feel buddy I'm
drunk
there's nerd watch new record and there
was last year's that's pretty close well
you had a beer and sake though yeah I
had that today too
that's how I sushi man that's how by the
way Internet should nerd rock keep
growing his hair tell us in the comments
I think so I think so too
look at those fresh corners
datings has got a new file sir that's a
refurbished one somebody's already had
it okay so yesterday we had peanut
butter crunch and there in the sink and
they're the size of cheese balls now and
I told Jessie to eat you're gonna do it
for 50 bucks I'll give you 50 bucks it's
not worth the do we feel it should I not
feel it I think wait let me get the Red
Solo Cup ugh that's even puke in it hate
it don't please don't eat it I'm there
on the throne it's like with those from
lost now oh my god I can't believe this
is I cannot believe you just ate that
where'd the other one go did you eat all
of it man I can't even know it's making
me sick nope no way so Yoshi and I
decided to fight I don't know where you
want to do this one this one does that
one do that we uh we decided to go to a
casino but they're these really tidy for
a happy one
so bad-looking this one looks a little
bit nicer a little cleaner well
obviously you can't you can't film at a
casino but we just took a cab just to
give people our my that was the first
time I ever really been gambling every
time we go to Vegas I don't ever do it
um Ali does it
sorry yeah yo she made you didn't make
me actually taught me I don't play
blackjack stay away from it in a couple
hours we're actually gonna be doing
indoor skydiving at this little place
over here um so right now I'm trying to
get some food
but everything's kind of all spread out
so I'm just using the little penny board
Ali got me
best gift ever all right leave it to me
I go to look for food and I come back
with monopoly can you say a TD so we
just got the I fly and I just have to
say thank you to them because they're
hooking us up and letting us do this in
letting us film so this is gonna be fine
I want to flip it you ready it's just
like oh my god I would have put myself
yeah you ready oh Sh I brought a
sandwich
I hope he's prepared this is the tube
for what
whoa
what
first time
whoa
but
I could do that dancing at a whole new
level I could do that I just don't want
to right now I don't want to make him
feel inadequate how he's just showing
off Wow
I like how he just descends nothing's
gonna definition up legs bent more I'm
not gonna remember all for it there's
only four and I'm not going to remember
them okay memorize trap all right
hot snug
that's a snug one this video you guys
Charles I try to zoom in I don't know if
it's gonna
Oh
well thank you
I'm sorry
before you happen
this is water we get away from that see
all the little drop that's water the guy
just dumped and now it's just sitting
there floating you thirsty oh I get a
certificate yeah look at this I got a
certificate and everything that's what I
got and this is what Josiah I got oh
okay alright alright show off I got
three out of the six they got 50% that's
still failing alright guys well I'm
gonna go to sleep gotta get on the bus
day off was pretty much a success I want
to say thank you guys so much and I fly
for letting us go Col Kevin
Lisa everybody the whole family for
letting us go if you guys are ever near
and I fly go there tell them we sent you
but tomorrow is Seattle which is home of
some of what guys home of what don't
forget to click Subscribe if you guys
are new and yeah I will see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night
see you tomorrow bye guys
we wait
merci psst
with trippy
yeah
where's with trippy
you
