good morning guys we are in Boise Idaho
yeah so the last time I was here was
when that first seizure happened before
the show and then they found that little
brain slug in my brain it's kind of
weird to be here a same parking lot - I
was with Dani and we're traps in them
cam so basically I'm going over there
just to take a giant massive dump on
this corner without getting caught this
is this shows gonna be pretty fun though
it's kind of like one of those things
where it's like face your fear you fall
off the horse you get right back on the
horse Redemption where are you going
buddy I think you're lost I don't think
you're supposed to be here you're mean
oh these are the ones that bite I don't
want to touch it
wait this is my Steve Irwin primetime
for you boy so here we've got a
softshell tail boy so I want him to boil
and it's got this me nice crazy weighs
like 90 pounds so that apparently is the
corner right there
I guess I was walking that we were
coming back from Boise State the blue
field right there you corner this is the
intersection right now it's crazy
main thing gotta think you think Danny
for being with me that whole time though
yeah so alright once again one of those
what did you find
ladies and gentlemen the world's largest
Red Solo Cup actually garbage won't show
your mouth on it friendly that's right
what great what is this what is this
I've never seen a Sega Genesis too small
but I feel like this is the only this is
really funny this is the type of TV when
I started playing Nintendo this is legit
the type of TV this is all the channels
that it had oh my god I remember this
was this is my childhood guys know I
didn't grow up in the 15 this was
trapped into his brother my brother
would try to open the door and I went
Sonny I was like hey I'm trying to I'm
trying to
there was something's come out of the TV
goes right up every can have like the
girl come out just really it was
incredibly good for that
ooh sorry I had to do it I had I had to
do it come on guys
what do you think guys what do you think
should I get this you had your camera on
a self-timer
video what do you think you are video
there's a dog party Luca was just being
so ridiculously cute be demanding be
demanding Oh what is with dogs burping
on camera when we film them all the time
yes he is pitiful you're cute you're
still you're still number one ma'am
ma'am ma'am
Zoe this is not your toy that's Lucas
like special toy it's her favorite toy
she like has never destroyed it and
she's had it since she was a puppy and
she went Zoe went in the room the other
day and took it and Jessie took it and
hid it and she dug it out she comes
right here Zoe from across the house
come prancing into the living room
look at me you guys and she's got Lucas
toy in her mouth look at that poster
that's cool
whoa and I love it get in that pool go
swimmin go get your boys a ball huh I
don't know where this pretty go go go
Marley go Marley go go Marley such a
good girl
this one is trying to figure out how to
get her stick how do you get that fix Oh
get your stick get the stick
get it though get it Zoey mommy's like
I'll help you just gonna do a couple
laps with it that's all right you can go
go around come on to another lap go
around go around
do a lap do a lap good girl
well that was half a lap close enough
okay you are not coaching right now
we're not doing laps she's like okay
good turn Bank Bank okay perfect perfect
form I'll follow you to the exit guys
are ridiculous people suggested that we
go to a place I think it's called freak
freak alley or something it's just a
bunch of graffiti on an alley and we're
trying to find it right now
Fantasia nice holy cow this is Christine
holy this is this is spray-paint so
right and look at this this is Jimi
Hendrix made out of mirror yeah this is
my favorite one I don't know why just
for some reason the simplicity just
makes it pop so much it's not it's not
it's not the red angry bird that is
Mario and those who don't know this this
lovable character is master chef from
halo it's a fish fishing for people
silly fish so we had a nice surprise
earlier today with the turtle Jesse told
me that she saw a gator and now check
out who's lurking in my backyard oh you
mean a little look at that Gator stay
away from my dogs are you helping your
mommy win in double - I just cannot get
over this massive red so look I'm
obviously not gonna fill this up with
beer drink it but it is really awesome
the size right
I'm nervous I'll totally be honest with
you but I'm pretty stoked so let's go
there we go
high-top socks boots and shorts someone
you shining your wife needs to be
jealous now like you're a man you're a
man's man
we're gonna see guys who can roll it up
oh my god it's like milk you feelin it
we know he's shitting in the bus tonight
the show's over and it was a complete
success I feel awesome we sounded great
everyone in Boise was amazing and I was
I was honestly really nervous about
coming here obvious reasons and so glad
I did so for today's question of the day
a secret phrase I want to know what was
your horse that you got knocked off on
that you had to get right back on and
just push through it tell me in the
comments so I'll see you guys tomorrow
as always honey I miss you make sure so
eemarle are being good and yeah all
right guys hope you enjoyed the video
see what you did
wait
birthday psst
with child tripping
see
with just opinion early so when you're
throwing more
hi my name is Kim and this is my beatbox
that was you
it's very Ali's like she likes it it's a
special thing just for her
