good morning guys it's 6 a.m. guess what
I'm having for breakfast linguini
hello everyone we are in Salt Lake City
the SLC I always think of SLC punk good
to see my girls like Cole and I are
taking a nice little stroll through Salt
Lake City all I have to say is that it's
freaking hot right now and it's like
that dry the dry heat wait how high are
we
well that's high it's called right right
no Colorado higher we're low down Salt
Flats Kolinahr trying to find some black
pants so we can make them into shorts
find anything yeah I got someone gonna
try some things on the font though he's
got the funny stretch on actually I'm
not that crazy that would been
disappointed
oh my god Valencia orange do you guys
remember I think it was I was the
biggest zit ever or something like that
vlog we were living in vain you got
orange do remember the Valencia orange
that I picked from the courtyard yeah
that was that was pretty funny now
illegal u-turn illegal u-turn Lucca
yeah somehow if I told you guys but I'm
sure you know James and Jesse where's
Jesse Oh human moron
this is at Marshall so Jessie and James
and Luka are staying in our house they
were here while we were out on tour kind
of like keeping a watch over things and
they're just staying here for a couple
months because they're trying to look
for like a new place and they just
needed a place to just kind of like hang
out for a little while so they're here
and it's awesome because Luke is here
too so we're having a dad so this
madness is gonna be for the next couple
months
all of these girls are gonna be hanging
out I think Marley's doing a little
better honestly normally she has trouble
when other dogs come in the picture
she's the jealous type so we'll see how
it goes she's been really good so far so
fingers crossed it's gonna keep going
like that
I'm realizing that I should not have had
red Gatorade looks like I have lipstick
on I assure you this is not lipstick but
just fruity punch I'm starting to feel a
little bit lazy the last couple days so
I'm gonna do some little jump roping in
this nice little venue actually I wanted
to show you guys this
we actually have an old school I can all
play
I like how everyone looks like they're
from be lethal weapon or Miami Vice
IRA always takes so much money in this
thing so here we have a whole bag well
move it for you
you wanna you want a moustache taco toy
yeah Marlee Zoe and one for Luca get a
look all right and you get a taco
Marley picks the squirrel before she
died thank you all for making these very
happy puppies she's killing it well is
that honey so we have a perfect venue
for Home Run Derby
oh so that's the home run that's the new
home run right there Oh strike out with
his pulling gloves that's a foul ball
hit the snare drum and the random
Photoshop of the day goes to this person
taking out the bass dandies taking a nap
before the show and I just don't know if
you guys can hear anything no that is
not a tornado or hurricane in his boat
is it really nice in here oh that's
alright well have a good nap hi dude
we're gonna take him down
you gotta take him down
count how many people are in the car
there's one guy the guy is two guys in
the car there's three guys in the car
there's four guys in the car five guys
in the car and apparently no one driving
with the Kings keep it cute saving the
world this that's all we do when I was a
kid like I'm literally shooting this
guy's just talking to you guys not even
paying attention to what's going on and
nothing's happening in the comments
below what do you think the most
annoying grab his video game that you've
ever played ever just tell me in the
comments I want to see if anyone's got
the same one
I'm trying to think of the worst one
I've ever played actually I think it was
like back in 98 like 1998 it was a game
called trespasser and it was like
basically like a Jurassic Park like
ripoff I think it was but I just
remember vividly because I bought that
game in half-life 1 and then half-life 1
was an amazing game and then trespasser
was just one of the terrible terrible
games like all time pretty much why is
the chair pissing Oh dad wash the chairs
so my mom I just I look out to my patio
and my mom is just dancing on a chair I
don't know what is going on nice
remix what are you doing huh hey get
ready get ready
I want to play a game right now okay I'm
gonna show you guys the sunset and I
want you in the comments to tell me what
time you think it is what time do you
think it is right now
if you guessed past eight o'clock at
night you're correct this is I've never
Swede
it's like broad daylight it's like maybe
4 p.m. right now we got kicked out of
the venue for playing homerun Derby so
we're now using this fence that was
pretty good you always witness Charles
falling on his face anyway Danny Danny
has two rounds I have one round he just
hit two home runs so I got to do two
more
I feel like Danny and I are getting too
into this game we're getting too good
look at that ball and then look at this
and the victor Danny this round
yeah that's just wow what are the odds
Sokol they just lost a low frequency do
they'd be amazing if I could talk at
that frequency you would never know
Jessica's the first punt this is the
first person I've ever seen with this
shirt Thank You Jessica
yeah I've not seen it I don't even have
one I don't even have one look what we
broke out
we got the double dash going cuz after
honestly after playing all that Mario
Kart all the old-school games and smash
on the bus with the boys made me really
really want to play GameCube so we got
it we got like me I will never win
I will never win again so I'm gonna beat
you up listen listen listen I'm just
better than anyway it was a great day
here in Salt Lake City actually first
time we've ever played here then I
played here since uh Warped Tour so
we're just gonna hang out here at the
barbecue and get some burgers and it's
kind of funny it feels like Wilco right
now tomorrow we are playing Boise Idaho
and if you guys remember correctly about
a year and half ago was when all the the
brainslug crap actually happened was at
boise height Idaho before the show so
it's kind of it's kind of like one of
those things where my brain is kind of
going all over the place I'm just trying
to relax and it's kind of it's gonna be
kind of one of those bittersweet things
where I get to go back there I want to
try to go back to the curve but
obviously I don't remember and just you
don't be thankful for you know it sucks
glad it happened then so they can find
it and take care of it but at the same
time it's pretty scary it's pretty scary
time I have a great night guys if you're
brand new don't forget to click
subscribe and I'll see you guys tomorrow
as always
hi guys have a great night it's all like
city wants to say something
there there it's it's really dark
wait
merci psst
with Joe Trippi
where
with just ordinary so forgive me
you
