good morning guys today unfortunately
Ali has to go home but I switched the
clocks so now she's late all right I
didn't really she actually woke up with
the migraines and now she's running late
I told her she should go like that in my
boxers and that big baggy shirt what do
you think kind of fashions then yeah I
like it
work it honey work it we got to go see
if we good fight yeah maybe we'll see in
ten minutes we gotta see if we can get
you a cab hey great show y'all mad or
sad you're obviously gonna get a cab to
be honest are you kidding me the one cab
just got in an accident with that other
one check it out I didn't realize we
were this close but there's Coors Field
super close that's a freakin nice field
y'all notice that field is
all right all right call me okay love
you now he has roughly 45 minutes to
make a flight that's 30 it's okay so
we'll see if she makes it back and then
in like two weeks she'll be on the bus
for a long time because it's gonna be a
birthday we're gonna actually be
celebrating her birthday in Toronto just
just enjoy that coffee for me dude so
nerd rock what are you wearing dude you
should probably stop smoking that
cigarette yeah that cookie just trying
to be as creepy as possible today and I
just wanted haven't been around I don't
think I've been to Denver and quite a
long time so I'm just kind of exploring
what what what animals are these by two
minutes so now I'm stuck in Denver
but I'm not with Charles because it's
like a half an hour away oh my god
nightmare look with a migraine had to
come to the airport and the lady at the
desk like the gate agent lady was like
complaining to me about how rough her
day was I guess someone's always got it
harder than you do right but uh yeah I'm
just waiting for my plate now it's just
getting Lana it's always some kind of
standby adventure isn't there yeah
except here's the key though this is
where you walk this is not where you
walk if you walk here you get hit by
those any guesses on how I may have
found that out so apparently I got the
wrong type of soap for my tattoo I got
fragrance which is everyone has tattoos
fragrant soap is a big big big no-no
actually I don't know why it's a big
no-no save your wrist save the
cheerleader save your wrist so I
couldn't find any shorts and went
walking so I bought some pants and I
will make into shorts
it's literally never-ending they're like
five different flights whose bags are
this one carousel this is called the
Beavis up okay if you're starting to
feel sick
what is it the beavis of it will you
take an orange and a lemon any a squeeze
each one and then you put it in a cup of
water and you chug it little strainer
here you know get the seeds out and
pound that stuff and then Colts yeah
you'll get a call a medical three years
do one of these every day give this up
Yoshii stop right there you have she
walk three steps to your right yeah I
take a left two steps take a left
two steps the girl in the black turn it
like you know what you should do is have
them standing next to them and just talk
and see if they notice what's rock going
would you like to come on a date with me
on stage this is a previous blog we've
done all day it's gonna be the new way
every single night trap brings a random
girl on stage and does fries forever
this is the most fun way to do it I
think we're gonna pick a random girl
just give them a walkie-talkie so and
there's no way to ask that without
sounding just like it was
baby so we have a couple hours of kills
so Travis and I decided to go see the
Rockies to play the Cubs really what's
happening is Ali left taking me on a
little mandate we're going on a band-aid
right now all right it's kind of funny
how we went to the Cubs stadium now
we're actually watching the Cubs at the
rocky stand all right well we won't let
the obstructed view get to us I feel
like they have to put an obstructed view
maybe it's a giant house because there's
a giant pole right in front of us it's
like put it there because I'm clear
people wait yeah I literally think it's
gonna be like this this is obstructed
view 90 bucks is like like that's okay
Internet kill TV shirt
shameless promo nice ball field daddy
daddy
they got blanket this is something we
learned from the when we went to the
Cubs that they always block out this
section of the outfield centerfield so
it's basically so does is like the
batter's eye so there's no distractions
over there
Danny learn how to count games both
scoring the angle you know whatever just
Americans we know that you can just
smell the hot dogs
oh my god how do kids get in a tramp
stamp butterfly looking good dude
dan is slowly losing his mind the lack
of oxygen that's happening right now
showers but look at this I got my shower
shoes but don't think my feet like a
shower shoes just get done doing the
signing it was a long day
honestly it's like the first time I
actually had no one in the back of the
back of the bus back to the bus I
honestly just I want to take a moment
I just cuz I everything's been so crazy
the last few days just like last couple
weeks well being on tour just run run
run every single day is just it's great
it's been great for the videos and been
great documenting everything so we can
look back later but it's been one of
those moments where I just want to like
take a moment and just kind of reflect
the past couple weeks of this tour have
just been mind-blowing like I've been in
between the Kings now like I don't know
what is it now like two and a half years
two years or something like that and
every tour just gets crazier and crazier
more of you guys come out and support us
and just have fun I get to meet you guys
every single night and I just want to
honestly take a moment and just say
thank you guys from a lot of my heart
it's just it's so I'm so lucky to have
what I have because of you guys and what
we have ally and I am I miss her already
she's been she just left this afternoon
but she'll be back on the road soon and
surprise my cousins are actually driving
down it's kind of funny because I'm
flying down and they're driving down
and we're gonna meet up somehow in the
middle I miss all the boys so much I
miss Charles I miss hanging out with
them and I miss going to the shows and I
miss getting to meet you guys I've been
on the road for almost like two weeks
now I think and it sort of became like a
normal lifestyle for me so it's weird
like now that I'm back in like the real
world I don't know what to do with
myself actually I do know what to do
with myself
shower which I did let's see those socks
we got some little dinosaurs the other
t-rex is burn Travis
ooh sandwich waiting for me Denver wants
to say something
wait up
worse yet
with trippy
with dinner
don't forget anymore
