Kolbe it what day is today day up day it
is the day off sir
Yoshi what day's day well and I were
looking at old photos and look at
Marley's face I just want to show you
mother's face how pink her nose used to
be look how pink it used to be weapon is
it so so we are in Nebraska on a day off
day oh yeah yeah
and the only thing around this area is a
car dealership everything else is kind
of taxi distance away so I only had an
idea maybe we should do a test drive of
a car to the place we want to go and I
just get out of the car we don't want
the car what is wrong with you today
get on the get up bro Ali just pointed
it out every time you get a new tattoo
and the ink always comes out just a
little bit I got on my shirt oh my god
that looks delicious
I'm daddy mine mine this is like the
best veggie patty I've ever seen in my
life
you see so we found this little outdoor
mall kind of wandering around seeing
what we can find
it's pretty much nothing here I was
thinking I don't know if this is gonna
happen but I want to get like a giant on
this tour a giant pay Paul match versus
like the crew versus the band or
something like that things that you
really need on tour underwear and socks
both of which Ali's running out of I
hate these things
oh my god it's Abraham Lincoln I know
that's crazy
stop Lincoln and it's Jefferson you're
like random we had a mall over at a
museum you're more obsessed than me okay
let's go I don't know if I want to look
down here up here like one day employ
the way this is I like to gravitate to
my hands even those looks better
like is the WiiU worth it or should you
just wait for the new Mario Cart I feel
like when the new Mario Kart it'll be
worth it but I don't know tell me in the
comments canal and I keep going back and
forth like is the wheel until next year
tell them to keep like arguing back and
forth if it's worth it or not
so I was just told about this glitch on
the iPhone if you can type that the
sentence I could be the next Obama and
then put a space at the end and send it
you know via your text message on your
iPhone there's apparently a glitch at it
removes the word Obama I could be the
next here's weird if you copy and paste
copy and paste it back and it shows up
again but then if I send it back see if
I send it it goes away now my gosh my
worst enemy
when you go to a vending machine and he
just gets stuck what's even stuck on
what you get nerd I got a terminator
lamp we got a third sideways otherwise I
can see your beautiful face
so green means go right yeah but red
means terminate
hi this is part two from last night
calls me one last night though we see
the Cheetahs Beavis is obsessed with
Cheetos if you ever see Beavis at one of
the shows give him Cheetos
oh by the way remember that contest we
were having a long time ago about naming
the new hot tub the link we have a link
now on the screen go to this link it's
in the description as well and I want
you guys we picked out the top three for
you guys to vote so go there click the
link vote for your favorite one and then
that way we can find out who the winner
is
so yeah the links down there in the
description below so click that go check
that out go vote why can't get in here
oh there
chased a little harder next time Charles
late night shopping try not to do a
Walmart stop so I'm trying to species
amis everything is so big in savings
look at the savings I'm really tired guy
well there's two there's magic
marshmallows and then there's pranks oh
my god kicks yeah all kids love kicks
no no yeah no kids like it none okay
we'll just just testing fogies okay
perfect all right I have my balls this
is what you call evening activities so
that way we're all that hyper on the
press again drive-by but touch
and Oh God Oh
Josiah the circus man there he goes
there he goes first you run right into
the bus there it is
sorry too hard isn't it
we gotta get the human squirrel out here
which is that could do it yeah you got
maybe an eighth of the way all right I
gotcha making lemonade at the store
smells no no it smells terrible tasted
No the heated battle between coals B and
Danny who's winning you into the war
zone but I really need a hair moving a
beetle
it's called sphincter shrinker good luck
oh my god
any last words you should tell the
camera that I did not tell you to do
this your job did not tell me to do that
Natalie warned me not to Cheers
Oh use both of them gone you still you
okay
I'm cheer you up a little bit oh okay
it's hot but it's
do you need anything I feel like you
need some Danny had a little bit by
accident you are sweating she's taking
shots of creamer right now
it's called sphincter shrinker she's
freaking she's drinking creamer right
now you okay you want to try it I'm much
smarter like the test group has shown me
the results all right so obviously the
bus is moving because I can't stand
right now so I'm gonna fall asleep
because honestly that's the best time to
fall asleep when the bus starts moving
kind of just want you to sleep so you
had today's secret phrase is day off day
off day hope you guys enjoyed the video
and if you're new to the CTFxC dont
forget to subscribe and I will see you
guys tomorrow as always have a good
night guys
we wait
merci psst
get it with y'all trippin
worth
yes with Josephine early
