well that didn't take too long you guys
gonna go swimming pry feels nice every
time I come back here I'm always like
yeah we need to put a pool in the house
for those are just watching now welcome
to my old house do you're on vacation it
looks like this house didn't sustain any
issues and cept that one last night I
showed you guys outside of the
neighborhood we have just a couple
screens down here one over there nothing
too bad and since we're probably gonna
have to be here for a few days because I
just found out that our powers can be
gone for a very long time you know we
were very fortunate of everything else
but a lack of powers you know I mean
it's small compared to what things could
have been we get the approval of making
your trip not making your senior Sam
wants to try a little Western EXO get
you ready for this smells like crap but
you're probably gonna like it
one thing I don't miss about this house
is the echo come here hurry now she's
doing it good job kid
good job key cap oh no yeah you can come
me mother she was hat like almost half
that size when I found her well even
yesterday yeah I know I'm so happy
that's still here so we have to go back
to st. Pete because we have to get a
bunch of we did not expect that we're
gonna be staying down here for a couple
days just because the powers gonna be
out and we got lucky
apparently some of Sarasota is not gonna
power to the 22nd I think st. Pete's to
the 15th which is good because I have a
show on the 18th so it's heavy pretty
bad and I think I would have to like
switch my flight out of there so there's
so much he said that during the storm
she had shouldn't have with being a
diesel fix
I forgot to say yesterday tomorrow today
that watching is Marley's birth
she's turns 11 and then I think Melissa
and everybody are gonna come to the
house to because she doesn't have power
so I think we're just gonna have a nice
little like puppy party this last pool
party that my mom and Kobe are gonna
come over
I know come on buddy
you wanna do ansible grandma's dog yeah
yeah it's okay though my mom really I
think it was
for max and Lola to come and hang out
during the hurricane because yeah
Varley Lola really depends on diesel and
so
when she got to hang out with my beer
barely made her feel comfort and she's
kind of getting a little uneasy again so
he's gonna go hang out prepare yourself
oh my god the fans are on but I mean
this is blowing hot air oh boy I just
got packed this up quickly please come
on no power idiot it's kind of
interesting I walked out back to get
something now they have a generator they
have a generator and this is the
generator we're borrowing awkward looks
like we got to get a generator just in
case this ever happens again
especially ones that house sells as
we've been driving home we've been
noticing a lot of power trucks without a
state licenses and then we've also been
noticing cars with gasoline on top of
the roofs I guess they're all everyone's
pretty much making the wave at home been
reading about how a lot of like tree
trimming companies and power companies
and think Spencer's are coming down with
their trucks and they're heading
straight to the areas that were hit
drastically by the storm and they're all
helping out which helps us are like
helps those that were really affected
like rebuild quickly I think it's
amazing like during national disasters a
big
like this that so many people are coming
together to help out just because
getting everything back to normal
because the South was the Southwest that
really got hit southern Florida and the
keys really got hit hard and that's
where I went firm that's my party yeah
we were singing Chara for his birthday
it was crazy it was actually that we
were going to go this was the weekend
yeah we were gonna go the weekend of
that hurricane which is terrifying I
hope everybody can get back to normal I
really do and I hope today people don't
list
but it's scary that this had happened I
know I will just read that this was the
first time in 12 years the major
hurricane has hit land in the United
States like Katrina was 2005 and that
Harvey and then these two has been 12
years since Katrina essentially which is
crazy that was 12 years ago leaving the
state people are having a lot of issues
with gasoline so it's kind of
interesting seeing people get like extra
gasoline and on top of the roofs to make
sure they get home don't usually see
that kind of stuff
let me see your head you guys didn't
know my poor little sister no you're
right
Jesus Melissa geez Massa ya hospital I
would have backed you in the front what
have you learned don't help friends yeah
that's what you learned a lesson you
know I was more pissed that when it hit
my head and then it falls gonna pick it
back up and try to like push the cement
and I'm wit like this just to see like
if it left a bump and of course you're
gashed open
these soy burg there's a realtor that
wants to come show that house person
leaves first thing tomorrow morning at 8
a.m. we are like trying to get
everything taken care of I told him that
hey you know like we are powers out we
kind of got affected by the hurricane I
guess it's not a problem I'm gonna
answer the door with this little girl
it's like oh we're good person you know
we rescued a baby kitten from the
hurricane right yeah by the house yes
they know if you guys notice her her
meow is a little bit different now that
she has some food so tiny though yeah
it's not so squeaky you guys can see her
soon like we've got waiting to her
parasites are gone yes don't flick at me
what are you whining at hey fin this is
not a chew toy well I'll keep you away
from family he's a crazy dog yeah no
dogs allowed on the pool until the
people look at that no no no no not
until people look at the house no no
after they see the house you can go in
so we just got back from walk and
immediately Zoey ran straight for the
pool gain the pool get in the pool get a
fin jump in jump all it takes is one
jump and then she he'll do it that's
what Zoey does over in that's Corner
she'll literally just go swim by herself
I mean she's trying to show you what to
do yeah just do it bud there he goes
swims like diesel but he swims get in
the pool pool days he sinks really good
boy there we go look at that yeah he's
probably not used to that cuz a beach he
has an incline okay now he's addicted
you could pull one in your backyard
easily you have the biggest backyard
come on buddy
this way there we go
hey buddy you missed this in you
ding-dong
there you go good girl Zoe such a quiet
swimmer you want to tell him we're
moving back in we're not moving back in
we're gonna move back again we're not
moving back in are they wanna move back
in and there she is
what are you doing Marth watch out for
the dog poop
that's so cute I love it what do you
have sense of power twenty-second Oh bad
news Melissa September 27 we are moving
in Bernie
there's a party over Paul you were we're
celebrating and celebrating the fact
that we have together and we do
oh my god I'm having flashbacks right
now your yard okay gonna watch for the
alligator I do not miss that guy cuz
your birthday birthday tomorrow hey do
you get party hats
we got party hats we got to make a
puppet cake tomorrow do that in our
temporary home for now kind of moved
into this house for temporary purposes
till we get power marlis birthday
tomorrow so we're gonna do something
special for her don't forget to
subscribe guys and we will see you
tomorrow as always have a great night
bye desk
