good morning everyone we are in
Minneapolis and before we start the
video I just want to show let's do a
little flashback Wow bring it back out
good morning Internet playing whiffle
ball the middle of the night that's what
happened it's better now where's your
boo boo something gave me a bright
yellow abandoned glows in the dark
before we left Danny Allen myself for
trying to hit a wiffle ball on the
creepy venue just to leave it because we
wanted to see if we got it stuck up
there everyone will get thrown back at
us you never got a stunt up there we get
no
Pretty Little Theater it's always rough
when the greenroom is like super tiny
but you know what sometimes the internet
is super fast and so right now I am
extremely happy it's blazing this is the
weirdest bathroom I've ever seen in my
entire life I just walked up the stairs
like I think this is the bathroom you
want to hear something creepy what was
the date of that newspaper you found
what's today's date
July 17 are you serious yeah so I've
been in we the kings for about two and a
half years
kool-aid about two and a half months
right two years basically two and a half
years both of us of two and a half years
and nerd rock is band about a year oh
just now over here just now over a year
so I've just decided I just saw a tattoo
shop over we're gonna go get the band
tattoo today
basically the smiley face calling myself
an ER doc you're gonna do it in the rock
I don't know where we put it on Zak
though we got to find a spot all right
now we're on the hunt for a tattoo shop
I think there was one around here
somewhere
oh wait I thought I saw one dinky town
hmm all right since we don't have a copy
we have to trace it off a trap I want
you to get that on your forehead I get
Bauer in here right that cool you should
do that right there just shaking it nerd
I'm gonna get a nice little tramp stamp
right well it spelled out flat you got a
splinter Travis just got probably how
many millimeters was that like three 145
millimeters it nursed up getting a nurse
him wait didn't you have a boot a little
boo-boo it's got the accent there you
realize nerd that you can't ever leave
now that's true I feel like I'm gonna
scratch my vibrating cat yeah mines
getting bigger
like young man's bottom baby bottom huh
I never realized how hairy until you
shave the hair away it's manly man they
said I could survive in the arty here's
a little-known fact that when Travis
drew this it's not an acid it's not a
mistake right there
sharp is a really difficult to control
those things slide all over the page but
then I just I left it there because I
thought it would be you know interesting
yeah it just is so that's done on
purpose I haven't done this in a while
what was the last time quickly it comes
back yeah kind of reviewed you thrown it
out it doesn't feel like anything's
happening I don't know
so we just realized Joe she doesn't have
one so what are you gonna do we're gonna
watch your mouth get there let me see
Kohli it's dope that looks awesome
all right Yoshi ready okay buddy I'm
gonna hold it man you might want to hold
a fan you know she have more tattoos
than pretty much all of us getting her
in there hey I'll hold your other hand
you want me to hold your other hand are
you gonna smiley face - I'll hold it
yeah is all see you getting in - no no
you here for moral support
try to stay how'd you match me I'm
speaking to him in his native language
maybe no it's good it's getting nervous
Scott got his right here a lot of wasn't
spicy
all right Wow okay we're done with half
of one eye there we go all right now
it's my turn on the last one last one
all right that's right from the lower
Army below the elbow what this seems
gross no it's a little bit easier than
the back of the arm
is it yeah that's bad 9 or 10 people
yeah part of the family pretty awesome
it's a lot more sensitive than the other
ones pretty you haven't gotten to the
shading yes
I'm thinking now more of the cat scratch
cat scratch things on the Sun very
distracting myself man at the high five
we're playing my all-time favorite game
now Mario Cart shout out to Morgan
forgetting us yes
Thank You Morgan I suck at Smash
Brothers they're really good but I this
is my jam where does that door lead the
original haunted door
your she says making sure that his
nether regions is still there so there
right good night from Minnesota
so I don't think I've formally
introduced a lot of the bands but this
is Kevin from keep it cute okay so he's
been on tour with us but do you want to
say to the Internet that's that's what
he says doctors turn country from Texas
yeah
often breaking down so this is called a
pickle back it's whiskey and pickle
juice it's weird
we're that good
kofi with the takedown
here's a funny story so I just got
kicked out of the bar for drinking it's
time to go to bed guys we're heading we
have a day off tomorrow which is awesome
today was an amazing day and a secret
phrase today since we got the tattoo all
of us got the tattoo it's just smile kit
cuz you got to just smile if you haven't
watched our videos before and you're
brand new please click the subscribe
button so you can watch this every day
and I will I will see you guys tomorrow
as always alright bye guys
merci psst
with y'all trippin
yeah
swiggity an ally don't forget
you
