good morning everyone we are in
Milwaukee and today is going to be a
creepy creepy creepy day so we're
playing the rave and that right there
that hotel apartment complex whatever
that's where Jeffrey Dahmer ate his
victims yeah I have absolutely no idea
how that's still in business but
apparently this place is home awesome
dressing room and a creepy like haunted
underground pool don't know if there's
lights personal bunch of like really
ghostly haunted kind of creepy things
surrounding this whole building which is
so we are in Milwaukee and this is just
the greenroom right now the dressing
room this is the coolest dressing room
go for your job and then Danny might do
it again do it again I will cut your
vocal cords this just screams creepy
it's pretty amazing you keep hearing
noises I'm hearing stuff well what what
what what do you see what you see No
thank you I get it we shouldn't be here
you're saying there was something you're
freaking yourself out no area let's keep
going I want to find this pool in this
bowling alley here you want to go up in
there come on how do we get out of here
what's in there look how fancy they are
well this room is not so scary
this is the less scary place that's all
take some of those you topped off the
stage / like the tightest fell hit the
person as soon as he hit the person - -
right now this is just the camera thing
and this is it's pitch black the
building on it on the way but the
building is pitch black I can't handle
this
that's what happens there's no one in
the building and there's 400 circuit
breakers that said watch if you can pick
out those lights listen listen
what
you're kidding maybe I don't want to see
the pool go black
no it was that men's only Eagle
prohibition so there's the pool there's
that ballroom that we went to 1936 I
fraid no ghosts
can you go down there who wants to go
down there this is a deep pool oh it
stinks like there just stinks like
rotten eggs
good job trap desecrate the pool
desecrate the pool this is the shower
well we're going to the basement it gets
deeper yeah oh my / the flashlight this
is a war of war movies this is like saw
this is where saw was filmed why is
everything leaking in way chair oh boy
right look to your right here
it's dripping on these something's
dripping on me there's more oh by the
way meet Ali Internet meet Ali I'm
standing by myself what do they actually
use this for work purpose I'm sweat
that's creepy that people could just be
in here what looking at what you go
first I wanted to get caught in your
hair first everyone turn the lights off
I can't see anything
well how does this exist
sit up straight I think you can stand up
straight
sit up straight on earth what's wrong
this is scare me every channel I thought
I think hunters good boobs oh I don't
like that you realize that's the
creepiest way to shut a door ever danger
high voltage is that really high voltage
in that what is it alright oh jeez
Beavis put the lights on
a newspaper from the 30s are you serious
17th 1937 yeah bring that on the bus
there is Club Publix just pause this
video guys is from the 30s as a comic
ally was found a motor-car and of course
visit baseball stats nope not that one I
kind of want to I want to leave this I
want to leave here now everyone in the
comments say thank you to Ally for
bringing us down here we immediately had
to leave the venue because I was creeped
I was getting too creeped out on a scale
1 to 10 being 10 being the creepy hotel
we say that glad to be out of there sir
sir don't be alarmed you are inside the
refrigerator
this gentleman between guys this is
Charles mountain ridge I guess this
works right hi all right watch you get
away from me oh man all right so we're
going we're going to bed going to bed
there was a creepy creepy creepy vlog
what secret phrase this boot
that's what secret phrases hey hey
what's the secret phrase it's tough what
oh if you're brand new to our videos
don't forget to click subscribe so you
can watch us every single day and I will
see you guys tomorrow Minneapolis
wait
worse yet sexy
which all tripping
with European ally don't forget
you
