Chicago Sam shut let's stop home of the
shiz we want the bean I don't think he
knows where the Venus so we've just got
in Chicago and we're trying to find the
bean where's the bean is it that way
excuse me ma'am have you seen the bean
how are you where's the bean awesome
he's going fast let's race come on
Coltrane we're racing the Segway good
advertising
all right see an open window literally
the baby's got the brain that is we say
the brain
it's behind the trees
home 3-person limited public we're
definitely not in Kansas anymore
so we're the home town of Colby what are
we getting everything there we go last
time Danny was here he's been having the
hunger for another hot dog I think I
need glasses so I just told Danny that I
wanted to have a hot dog eating contest
with him but keeping so I was gonna
butcher it but no tomatoes sure but only
hot dog in fun and also somewhere
underneath this there's a big potato
stuffed baked potato and nothing stopped
about it are you feeling from your
Chicago food Sega Saturn Sega CD low
this Super Nintendo game here the
original john madden is this making me
feel really really super old right now
like all these games and stuff like that
feel really old I have a working atari
like I could buy any of you seen that
actually use them and still have a
relationship so I was told recently that
the second controller in duck hunt this
whole time when they didn't roll their
exhibit of the ducks so first of all
your shoots you think that's the whole
game the second player controls the done
mind explosion right there speculation
of the musher the vanilla in sync one
and sing I've changed a lot over the
years but when I was a little kid I had
a slightly redder hair hey hot lady
could you turn around I get your number
it's actually we were younger I'm saying
in the picture oh well when I was
younger maybe like this ready it was all
a scam voting all right I'm sorry man
Wrigley Field all right well there's
giant noodle
we were getting a nice little tour of
Wrigley Field down
that's nice view pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom pom pom we're in the press
box right now this is like the best view
quick no trade him right now put in
Maddox get Maddox back how do you feel
yeah I feel like a cub my go-to dugout
chair go on the dugout see I love the
fact that this field is actual grass
it's got a nice smell to it go steal
home literally go steal home just just
go over it it's ok you can do it because
simply flies down from the ladders this
gentleman tackles you
back up
we should get instead of playing all the
Xbox and Playstation games go old-school
get mario kart mario party starfox all
surfaces dark box is good so we have a
Nintendo 64 for the tour bus with ken
griffey jr. Super Smash Brothers close
the other one starfox
to be good today is also sad day because
Ali has a flight home today so we're all
piling in right now watching the home
run derby do you want to win well Ken
Griffey jr. to win oh my god that would
be amazing
favorite baseball player ever the big
hurt oh come on okay who else had big
hurt as your favorite baseball player
go run oh yeah is it big hurt big hurt
I even had his shoes and if anyone
forgot what they look like they were
hideous and I'm just gonna show you now
this is what they look like
look at them look at them fancy their
fancy they're like zebras nevermind the
rock me Rock fix this 64 situation oh we
should probably unplug it we weren't
able to buy Mario Kart because they
didn't have it once again and then we
got you goof yeah we've done goofed
alright let's go to the Wiener circle I
want to get a chocolate shake I want to
get chocolate shake could I ask you
you're getting trick I know what they're
gonna give me I don't know if you guys
remember when we went to Lollapalooza we
went to the Wiener circle in order to
chocolate shakes I don't remember what
day that is I'm sure somebody please in
the comments tell and maybe you can go
watch that after you watch this the
bummer is that you asked for a chocolate
shake and then you get what you get but
you don't get an actual chocolate shake
so we got a little gang going look trav
you dropped your basketball where do you
get this energy from it is 1:00 a.m.
Klan is expanding Beavis came now
playing by the way it's Zak's birthday
so everyone in the comments season say
happy birthday Zack the human squirrel
what what oh no the ball don't get hit
on your birthday
there is the Wiener circle that's what
we're looking for
you happy you can feel very small
violated so what do you think Zach oh
she dared rock you doing good
the road rocks making friends I showed
sac and nerd rock the whole expandable
thing and I haven't whole new
perspective on life you can get twice
the ketchup yeah the world would
literally be a better place that's right
go back in Trev that was uh that was a
Beavis you good they were so nice to be
this so we're walking back to the bus
and I convinced Sally so she can't leave
so she's staying a couple more days so
dragging her out for a couple more days
on tour so we're going on the bus right
now and then we're heading to Milwaukee
secret phrases today
happy birthday Zack and chocolate shake
so if you guys are brand new to our
videos please click subscribe so you can
keep watching the rest of tour and the
rest of Ally filming these daily videos
what to pull what's a poll alright guys
well I love you all and we'll see you
guys tomorrow as always have a great
night bye
you
we wait
merci psst
which all tripping
where's
with photography
