Texas is hot you hot over shield me
shields it from the heat
we're playing at the new yeah the gun
we're playing at the new emos so
unfortunately we're not at 6th Street so
we can't go to the we can't go to the
haunted place
hey how's it going hey Yosh oh you're
just stretching right there wow this is
this is a lot nicer than the other hand
oh you don't like some of you most some
emos are cool about that there's some
emos are just a little too emo Callie's
on our last clean pair of underwear and
clean shirt so we're trying to five
years on what's so trying to find her
some laundry I I was going through my my
ring tones of vibrations that I have a
custom one for Allie and she's like what
is elevator
so when Allie calls I have the Darth
Vader I don't know if you guys have this
phone vibrate right even in the parking
lot so you know what you got to do what
you got to do when you're on tour so
this is uh yeah that are you do it
here is that your mirror that's my man
did I get it you can't mess up you got
the rugged rugged look going on less
scruffy
so we're trying to find stuff to do and
immediately walking out of the bus I see
a giant sub on a roof naturally that
sounds interesting to me
oh I committed wetting the weight too
high all right how hot is it right now
okay looking Ali just kindly reminded us
that is free slurpie day I kind of want
to do kind of one see here's the
ultimate question Danny I sees Slurpees
or slush puppies really I think I'm all
about the I see oh that's true yeah
that's true and then that was the slush
puppies do so sour there we go look at
that that's a good one that's a good one
oh yeah you're supposed to put the lid
on first you don't play by the rules
I'm not done yet ladies put the lid on
first she said it's the best way to do
it just not playing by the rules today
are you
Patriot any guess the temperature yeah
what do you think the temperature is 96
95 Travis got it exactly 99 that's what
your pick just waiting to open doors
Travis currently teaching Ally how to
play Fridays forever because she might
play it how's she coming something along
good actually good
getting it shaking you're gonna get it
pissing my pants
Cole's digging in the back and he's just
funning a smorgasbord of movies got some
seasons of Simpsons
we got dodge ball which is a great
freakin movie shit what season is this
season 9 somebody was a Simpsons fan on
this bus before her Yoshi L and I are
trying to find some wiffle balls
look at the balls this is not where we
need don't you know her Yoshi come on
Willie I know nobody wants to do this
but I feel like this would be better
that would break things we're not trying
to do right this is good this is good I
might get one of these too to play catch
feel the ball now when I'm off playing
with balls at a Walgreens and the lady
yelled at me I said if I'm not buying it
don't play with it so I bought it and
then I left we get our oh that might
work at least got an arm right again
right how was it again
all right now he's gonna cannon on it
you got a cannon so the last couple days
have been just so freaked Texas Texas is
hot and I'm sure it's just gonna get
hotter and hotter where else are we
going is this a hot estate we're gonna
be in hell
I think Nevada we just been trying to
avoid being outside as much as possible
because it got up to right now at 101
degrees there Drock you're saying is hot
very very hot hey brother of nerd rock
all right Ray's like oh come on I was
trying to get you to be in the next free
agent alley is the new free agent and
the pitch that was pretty good all right
that's how you can celebrate that's
spicy oh my god hey trav your turn
can't come to Texas and not get some
authentic Mexican food how do you ever
know what this is okay we try to find
what kind of cheese this is does anyone
know okay people
the queso dip oh yes
translation what Jesus is this is like
the best smelling taco I've ever
amazing how was your name my name is MJ
look Wow oh my god thank you beautiful
with this panel decor the guitars you
ever wondered what they do backstage
before the show
now are those for sure everyone said
nothing at crops they would have made
fun of me so I got these so that way I
don't get yeah we're just gonna open up
the door here and this was the tour bus
hair salon where Travis is getting his
hair done I get my hair day lame with a
little one
Oh another night of craziness we are on
6th Street and Austin never lost we were
here was what was it take us around
you guys remember was only one here if
we rode that guy Cheers
where everyone knows your name hydros
just for a drink very great the problem
is once these one person does this the
poor guys gotta do over and over again
literally he started for that poor guy a
lot of money going to Danny and i's
favorite place ever death metal pizza
eat pizza shut up metal best model ever
so go ahead
good come on really you eat pizza and
listen to Slayer what could be better
believe in Austin Texas you like in your
pizza you have fun again secret phrase
is crazy Ally is crazy hope you guys are
enjoying all the videos all the tour
stuff if you guys are new don't forget
to click the subscribe button so you can
watch more and
before we go I think there's gonna be a
new theme
a couple people wanted to say good night
all right
keeping up with the tradition Austin
Texas wants to say something to you guys
it's the other Nardi waiter
were safely attacks
with y'all trippin
where
with chakra be an ally
you
