good morning guys feel like a zombie
right now ready for your first like
American is the name Konrad Kelly every
time we do these like grocery store runs
I always feel like supermarket sweep
remember that show Go Go Go hey Chloe
yeah you want a loofah nope
all right we need to get a nice little
tour pillow thing get a nice tour pillow
the best ones towards the end I think
nerd rock wins for the most random
random stuff we got a pillow we got baby
wipes we got hot dogs and wd-40 weenies
man second the second place goes to trap
those random things and hot we stole it
gets me
this is the weirdest thing I've ever
seen in this alley
Thank You me it feels like it's like
Rocky
yeah punching the hype it on me
everyone's losing their mind Oh Walmart
you got 50 lanes literally one is open
why we are now in Houston Texas we're
just right out
you think so
I think we're in Houston you being your
OCD self what about if I do this
then I put this here
I'm gonna flip this over here what oh my
god she left me
so Coley's not gonna be here I think at
the Dallas show he's got a play being so
Ally you possibly able to play piano
she's nervous but I know she can do it
gonna have to trippy's on stage to
trapeze on stage well actually I won't
be on stage you all so well sometimes
you second right in one trip yeah the
tag team bring the girl up and see you
have a date hey Hallie can seriously
f-sharp probably be better than : like
your heart that's how you professionally
adjust like hockey sticks the best way
to do it
day two of the epic epic day that's a
top five one five and one you know what
but waiting for somebody put pants on
this guy Houston home of the dangers
leaves in the middle of a sidewalk
leave it to Koli he's like yeah we're
trying to like trying to find something
to do is again there's a target around
the corner I just looked on my Google
Maps
it's like 1.7 miles away he ran this
morning so it was like nothing so we
were like halfway there I'm like well
it's gonna rain probably a bad idea
well having to go all the way around hop
right here hop right there to the bus
hit X you're supposed to hit X honey hit
X and dig the water into the plant you
have to pick the plant got to pick the
plant and water it and then you have to
hit your shovel against a rock and get
money apparently that's what you got to
do trying to play some homerun Derby
today and we're running out of a running
out of space we're gonna try to fit it
in wait Ally's got to get a glove
where's Ally come on out go play some
baseball all right
yay it's Beth nasty is a baseball glove
I'm a don't have a glove I don't know
there's gonna be possible should I stand
here while this this glasses needles
wait I wanna I want to show where I'm
playing just just to this safe area
broken dreams
coming to out
that didn't happen that didn't happen
come on honey you can get the next one
whoa hey go hey go Oh hit breeze boss
she looks the runner down that's not on
base
and now we're playing cricket I would
have had that that's cheating if I
wasn't filming autumn had that did we
just lose our wiffle ball oh my god we
need to disinfect that I think we lost
our wiffle ball we'll buy a new one wait
what you guys get that's super sweet
well I'll take your sword I will have
the sword so you cannot fight me each
the line of my mom bad mom sorry tiny
it's or we see if it hurts I see if it
hurts
by this one actually it's a less chirper
what's the messiest thing you could
possibly eat oh my god oh yeah let me
see your hands
there's your hand oh my god that is the
grossest thing travelease went with a
sandwich you all right what do you need
chug chug we got to go play a show get
down there do it again it's hard it's
hard that was that was impressive I can
do that I totally do that hey we are
broken hand of the CC right
but your men show stretch the waiter
it wasn't myself it's Halle Monroe so
elegant
I know lighter
this is what she drew a natter Zoe this
is like one of the quintessential Zoe
vote okay at Trulia so this is only day
four of the tour and it's I'm sitting
here it's only day four of this tour and
it's been so much fun meeting all of you
guys too out on the road I'm just
looking forward to the rest of this tour
and seeing all you guys if you if you're
new and just stumbled on this video
don't forget to click Subscribe so you
can watch this on the rest of the tour
and watch the rest of our life and all
that jazz so yeah it's been great I will
see you guys tomorrow as always have a
great night I guess
all right so we're leaving Houston I
think we're going to Austin but again
like last time I have a few people that
want to say something to you
wait
merci psst
with Joe Trippi
with chakra tionary
you
