getting on a plane girl yeah yeah yeah
hurry up rip watch slow come on we're
off to busting hey give me your best
Boston accent Bastin little bastard what
a faster better family yeah see some
players play some games
I apologize Boston in advance you know
what the worst is I love Julianne Moore
but she plays a horrible accent so that
is dream she can just play this for
hours so we're about
babies
how fun would that be if I actually got
on the same
welcome to box we made it I gotta bet it
didn't tend to die all right so we just
got to our hotels called the Liberty
Hotel and apparently it was an old
prison and has been revamped this is
creepier than the one in Austin where
was haunted we heard there's a
restaurant called The Alibi in a bar
called McLean this imagine this being a
prison now it's just hotel
smells like a prison I was arrested 14
times well this is a pretty fancy prison
cell G back back in the 1800s back in
the 1800s jail cells were totally
different and we can watch this alright
there we go
first things first no bed test over look
at this
oh I get the Do Not Disturb this is the
Do Not Disturb no is that weird okay a
long time ago Charles send me a picture
of him with three knives in his hair
spike that's like 2009 butter not butter
not other knives than my fingers you
know what insert picture now
and that was Charles when he was doing
his Wolverine impersonation it was
pretty good I had to google that yeah oh
my god what's up pigeon we were told to
go to this place penguin pizza
apparently it's like Bobo's back in
Tallahassee were giant like pizza slices
and get your own mug here and it's funny
we were just talking about like the
dusty one we got gross that one is how
clean that is I can't do it that looks
delicious
doing this with I keep doing this this
new little strap keeps getting in the
way alie ate all that by yourself
looks like a bear
he's meaner I mean it this is the best
pizza I think we've ever had yeah it was
it what I'm busy so there's the front of
the hotel we just walked in those of the
cells do you think this is like a
haunted prison yeah you got Austin Texas
what was the drift stole just kill miss
cola or that remember that creepy on it
like hotel go Steve go pretend like
you're in jail
wait I can't see wait wait you can just
you can just walk around
yeah they forgot the ward forgot the
lecture you forgot the locked door honey
this is by the most famous mug shot
though so I broke I lay out of prison
thanks bear I guess apparently Boston
knew I was coming because they named a
street after me a subway and a river I
mean I guess they watch the vlogs and
they just knew we were coming you're so
sweet Boston we gotta find alley Street
wait wait wait
there's probably an alley over there for
you get it is your name psychic it's a
cool little area
I gotta get a watch I forgot Boston it's
just like everybody here runs and you
will literally get run over I'm seeing
why the Boston Marathon is in Boston
there seriously everyone is just running
I'm surprised I'm surprised they even
have cars here like look at that that
two-year-old is running right now he'll
be like an old lady feeding the pigeons
I don't know do you think we should live
there there's a sign that says we should
probably live there I'm seeing some sort
of sign that squirrel does not give a
crap well
I've made a friend there's your favorite
birds goes go go go go go say hi Kelly's
afraid of geese oh look at that one
goosey hi they're your friends go see hi
likes you you probably go right there in
the center and talk like a whisper and I
probably hear it that is the most
perfect slingshot oh brain brain brain
duck goose tick is that I said okay see
that you stick it looks like at Becky's
Vic being all artsy fartsy yeah they're
just pretty I love those it's a
christmas tree-- baby one straight to
the candy aisle
I brought some toys from home
what is it Sally
my fancy I love me mommy daddy I hate
you squeaking what TV remote you
Butthead did it you were just over there
that's right there I can't reach oh my
god you are such a nut sack get that
turn that off and go get the remote so
today we are you know what we're gonna
do we're just okay we just got back from
the doctors and basically we went we
came up to Boston to get kind of like a
second opinion as we talked to some
really awesome guys Boston that's really
smart people so what we're doing right
now is just kind of watching things and
keeping in close eye on everything and
just maintaining a close watchful eye
which is kind of crazy to think about
watching what's inside your brain you
want I mean this is the first time we've
seen the MRI which is pretty you guys
got to see the MRI that one member with
the moment my ojos and stuff like that
is that right that was so random
tomorrow we're heading back to New
Orleans and or she decided to stay on
tour a little bit she had too much fun
tomorrow we're going back on tour and
yeah so that's what that's why we were
in Boston now we're just kind of
relaxing and I'm trying to get my
freaking wife to go get the remote hell
no you literally literally dick what
about throw this over there there any
paper scissors
well best out of one okay paper rock
scissors sure you're freaking always
through freaking scissors
anyway so we're just gonna watch some TV
so I'm looking I'm trying to figure out
operate this TV and I'm going through
the movie channel the movie channel and
I just want to show you this this could
be bad how come the adult in the Disney
Channel are so close to each other
just imagine like a little kid clicking
on that and just yelling mom what's a
boner no no just leave it just read the
beef honey
you like that we're just we're just you
know enjoying the beach right now it's
awesome hey what's that what's that
quick what's that that's stupid I know
you Sally and I never do this we never I
don't think we've ever gone reservist
ever clean it always do that Thank You
chocalate in the bed - all right guys
we're gonna go to bed we have an early
flight tomorrow but we're going back to
New Orleans and then we have a show at
the House of Blues tomorrow so gotta get
back to that I gotta edit this video
actually before I end the video I want
to ask you guys a question what do you
think could be the strangest thing you
could order from room service like you
can call down to the reception tell me
in the comments what what do you think
would be the strangest thing you can ask
that could be funny to do in one of the
hotels that we are gonna be in so I will
see you guys tomorrow
have a good night and yeah see you guys
tomorrow as always bye guys
a birthday psst
which all trippy
we're
where's with trippy an alley
