so to keep cool cuz the pair is out we
all had to sleep in the living room
which actually wasn't that bad
obviously the dogs like it still no
power day to day three no power however
since I have the generator I'm doing
priorities right now and I'm watching
the Apple Keynote event you know
priorities hey you ready to go to the
vet yeah
I don't know guys what do you think
should we keep her you think we should
keep her yeah that a yes
I guess we have to keep you know huh
yeah all right
do you want to be a permanent member of
the CTFxC little dude cat what she's a
drunk
bathroom really smells like ground level
I'm gonna cut again
you're drunk do things and found out
she's a girl so right about that
second thing is we apparently were doing
okay for the hurricane you know just I
believe she we did Beauty cut yeah we do
with what it is odd because we found out
cats can you lactose intolerant which is
something I never knew
they're gonna wear and they can figure
out how old she is maybe three weeks I'm
thinking learnings I'm gonna go with
she's less than pout I think she's gonna
be - - and Happy's one dollar there's
any one dollar older so I said three
weeks but she's or she or four weeks and
about four weeks and she's 13 ounces and
she can eat soul food but we got the
water down she's a little dehydrated but
they though she's wrong really good what
she's dehydrated because we didn't like
have stuff for hi Kim for me love you
baby love the camera this is what she
loves
it's what Kobe used to deal so we're
gonna separate them a little bit yeah
two things the beard is something also
if we play my keeping it's right now
where she's cute his button Pope we're
just gonna think about it you're kind of
cute
yes that's you she really likes the
camera that's good
that's step one if you don't like the
camera we have to do a bulldog yes me he
purrs a lot she's a talker and a perv
that's what she wanted you were over the
cow milk they gave of her own energy
drink this thing is a freaking lifesaver
right now I just thought it was kind of
hard to feed a kitten because she didn't
like it but now it makes sense she
doesn't like the fact that I was not
kidding milk makes sense I get we're
right now making the decision if we are
going to stay or leave the power in
Sarasota was just told that it wasn't
gonna get out until September 22nd which
is when the new iPhone no no no the
iPhone watch the iPhone acts comes out
in November or whatever I will talk
about that a little bit later which that
is when the power will turn on as we are
of a different power company up here in
Pinellas ap and then our neighbours wife
sister works at the Duke Energy so she's
been trying to like find out information
the generator that we've all been using
their house in our house just went out
of oil so we're gonna go get them some
oil so we're gonna go fill up some oil
get a bunch of extra oil and then maybe
get them a gift card as a thank-you for
all the
College the hospitality in the clutch
that makes me sense
yeah it's like company whether you say
something is clutch that means like that
thing is important that thing is
imperative I think came at the right
time right am I saying it right okay so
it's important that it's fun that way
then plus I can't say it because you're
so freaking old oh no it's just because
I'm not down with the internet lingo
you're old
I don't think it's internet lingo clutch
van gool oh and I think it's clutter
they give the card first shut up
linguistics anymore we got to get a
bunch of dad was what the Heat's getting
to me I want to just fight her right now
fight me I want to bite you and fight
you Santa that wouldn't be clutch
last night was awful so hot I don't know
if we could do it again we might need to
get like an air B&B I just ya know from
the bed today that the cat likes
85-degree weather so caps like in heaven
but our poor puppies do not like and I
felt bad for you two I could tell you in
miserable like for them just because
like they do that these poor puppies let
me come on just throw me a bone
literally at least we're doing a lot of
unintentional puns lately she's a lot of
them of the hurricane she's like yeah
I'm gonna be blown away if this thing
kind of doesn't stop soon I'm like ah
she did a couple times too that's
cracking you up okay well yeah time to
get some stuff done today maybe actually
really weird
more down trees
the last couple days cops weren't
pulling over anyone at all
closed off is so close we can't get our
peel box but now I just finally never
driving just the pet store to get some
stuff and we just saw I'm not even
kidding four or five this virus it okay
really sick yeah exactly it was insane
so I just I put out give everyone a
little heads up on ways because I
appreciate that when people help me
things are opening again I didn't think
about feta every Office Depot selling
water now everyone's just got a ton of
water see here's the thing I didn't
realize until people really kind of
listen like thought about it honestly
what we did is just go buy you can buy a
20 or $30 water filter and just filter
your own water put it in the
refrigerator in different containers
like bottles and then we have bottled
water but people are freaking out pain
but this on Amazon or people getting
gouged for like $60 we're down in the
water yeah I guess panic mode it you do
screwed up or worst case scenario you
fill up your bathtub and then you use
your filter and you filter out the water
and get into the water and you don't
feel crazy I'm glad we didn't play into
that hysteria so we're just kind of like
gauging ideas for if we're gonna
actually keep the kitty cat it's crazy
some of these things it's fun though you
know if you don't get to keep your kitty
cat you know if things don't work out at
least we have all these things before
the person who's actually gonna die who
ally has a lot of friends with
so we're still we're on the fence right
now cat food there's a lot of cat food
there's this stuff which is find the
most healthy thing so she eats healthier
than us it's a monster we have to get
something for the pups but there's the
things we got to make sure that these
cat toys don't sound like anything like
the cat
wait this is one I think that one sounds
just like the cat so we're not doing
anything that felt like kittens and show
that kitten to either not with us or
other people he thinks they're like
those right is actually completely a
Frappuccino or a Slurpee
I love doing this I used to drive my
bike all the way over to my gas stations
just to get this my little funny we keep
running into beef right now that are
just avoiding their homes for the
air-conditioning of stores the entire
food section is gone no I think that'll
get rid of it everything is empty
okay that's nice that could be
potentially awesome looks like the guys
working still ghost on here well yep we
do have power on the streetlights that
wasn't going on for less yards look
pretty pretty tame yeah there you're
lucky this aftermath have been really
really bad we got really lucky other
than the fact that powers now I went to
let the dogs out and guess what dog
decided to pee here not pee they're not
pretty here but to go on this you get
three guesses actually I should just
give you one cuz priority now we didn't
even have to use it baby watch it I got
to put this stuff back otherwise we're
gonna lose it and then I have to buy saw
it again alright that's it we can't do
it we just cannot do this it's just way
too hot so we are bailing luckily the
house in Sarasota is still on the market
don't care we are going to go here sit
you guys and the best thing is we get to
go swimming that sounds awesome to me we
keep hearing that the powers not gonna
come on for at least a couple more days
not that interested and staying in there
it's too hot and plus our neighbors
generator runs his runs his air
conditioning wouldn't run into ours
because there's no way to do it cuz
everything's wired for his so there's
really no an outlet for an air
conditioning unit mo she had a portable
one so we just have a fridge going and I
think we're just gonna take the whole
crew this area so that we get to go
swimming and everything it's will be fun
every day we're gonna have air
conditioning so I'm pretty stoked about
that we just got to the other house in
Sarasota and first off this is actually
what we drove into we had to go all the
way around because apparently this
happened during the storm cuz I having a
branch it's like a full-on tree oh my
god I can't tell if it's their tree or
the other neighbor's tree that's a fully
uprooted tree oh you guys can see now
Wow how did that fall it's like moving
it all over yeah guys this is probably
be home for a few days
I know he's hating it's been a while
that's one thing I like about the same
tea house is the tile physical image
they walk joy so like you can hear them
walking everyone likes this freaking
trailer feet what do you want to do
ooh I got there yeah right you can go
out there and he's cat whisperer now but
apparently we found out he's getting
real scared yeah what's the new place
now a new newer place we found out she
has an ear infection and she has some
sort of parasite that's not which is
normal a normal kid parasite which is
easy to get rid of so we have to give
her this but apparently it's like banana
and all she doesn't like it can you
yep you want to get all the cat stuff
now we can't forget about you guys
Internet before I show you who do you
think is gonna go to who apparently
diesel wants that one just pause the
screen and then say Frankenstein devil
werewolf and which dog does it go to
it's a fun little game we can play
alright if you guess
Marley gets the devil you're correct if
you get Zoey gets the werewolf
you're correct Marley doesn't get the
werewolf so it Joey
Marley get your what that's why you get
the devil because you're a dick sorry
good catch oh you get Franken no Marley
you don't get all three this is an ass
Marley
here go get my just all three of them
are spoiled they're like man don't
really want it these will at least
appreciate the toy Oh Suze Marley wants
the other enemies yeah I love them
actually a suggestion that one of you
guys actually made a point of you know
this is the cat is so tiny it sounds
like a squeak toy just until like they
can start differentiating the difference
between a live animal that squeaks and
toilet squeaks we got these kind of
plasticky ones as kind of a way because
they don't sound anything alike there
you go do you get the devil Marley you
don't want anything will you remember to
bring an air mattress unlucky
I don't think goodbye
Oh
oh I never got it has a USB adapter only
thing this thing's missing is frickin
Wi-Fi really good dog bad dog I am
pretty stoked are the new iPhone X the
price not so much it's so really quick I
want you guys to tell me we do this
every year this is kind of like my thing
like my quiz for you guys do you think
the new iPhone X is worth it
would you get it or will you get it or
is it kind of like one of those
situations like wait there was a new
iPhone release like getting no idea a
lot of my friends are like wait there's
a new iPhone like I told Ally I have
collected every single one so people
collect like baseball cards some people
collect cars I just like technology I
like seeing the evolution of technology
and one day I'll have to show you guys
my collection where you can see how it
kind of evolved
come on the nameless cat we're still
gonna figure out a name for you I think
it should be hurricane and caller three
tougher short because don't fool them
hurricane yeah and they Rica we gave all
arica because Ric a hurricane like that
affects what kind of clever well yeah
we're still debating if we should keep
her I don't know what you guys think do
you think we should have a new member of
the CTFxC she is pretty cute
so we're still deciding but right now
our goal is to make sure we're nursing
her to life
she looks fuller if you look so much
better really this is filled with a
bunch of calories so she's Michael
Phelps hang it up right now it's gonna
be nice to have air conditioning for the
first time in three days don't forget to
subscribe and I will see you this mark
have a good night
