it is uh we are in Atlanta here right
here you go
go yourself yes let me see your hair tie
this is the only hair tie Ali had for
him walk into the venue I'm gonna take a
shower there are two viewers that pull
up on the street corner as I am like the
most disgusting I've ever been there
like it's bus life funny
okay yes to it this is a little bit
different than the last time where you
film this one thing you learned how to
do on tour improvise I'm missing my
handle but I still need to shave you
actually have water this time you can
shave with his fingers Wolverine Wi-Fi
boy is testing the internet right now
it's alright mediocre
no dude this is not mediocre this is
awesome every 1 minute I ask you now
this time oh are you done hey Ali are
you done are you done now are you done
I'm not gonna open it
Nicoli stones being super weird and he's
been calling this random number for like
weeks
in the middle of the night just by
itself so he's calling to apologize
hi I realized that I've been
accidentally calling this number through
my phone and I just want to apologize it
just caused you any inconvenience yeah
and that's that's why I'm going to
apologize and there's no longer gonna
happen so um you have a good day and
nice talking to you
we got to run to the bus it's raining
and that's what Ali's doing right now I
want to play a little football the
perfect opportunity
thirty minutes
playing homerun Derby and the most
dangerous setting you could possibly
play homerun Derby in oh that was oh I'm
gonna get it I'm gonna get it oh that's
a nice hit to centerfield got it the
pitch oh no you have tiny fingers with
Catherine zeta-jones where she goes to
the lasers with Oh entrapment yeah yeah
alright Ally's pitching now since she
did that Oh charge the mound charge them
out with the bat
which is Beavis giving the lights going
so nerd rock how did that happen
so when you see him make sure to tell
him you hope he feels better thanks guys
he's not going bowling and now the most
threatening way to walk into a room a
baseball bat and a slice of watermelon I
rock you your high kick the rocks got
you be doing in there right I was just
really limber and I love Van Damme
movies and it's about time I learned how
to do the splits at a very young age and
I'm just trying to get I'm trying to get
Ally to do it that's what you hear the
bad guy so yeah yeah I barely go
you get both does anyone else understand
this that's a good sign that's wrapped
around the building about I think three
sections of the building
you're one Peapod
hi so we went to the store this is what
we found for you I don't know if it'll
fit I like I love the dispenser do flip
it around side but didn't even show the
internet yet there we go we're about to
go on and a little bit I'm just kind of
relaxing kind of getting into his Zen
and I'm just looking at this bucket of
black mold just above my head it's up
Yoshi and I'm just kind of contemplating
how often they change that bucket so I'm
gonna continue my Zen state next clip
we'll be on stage
we're trying to get you to be able to
throw you know I have never really been
on an official full tour but just as
like a band friend slash wife I know how
things go food and water are like
currency and this is how you make sure
that nobody else takes your precious
currency you write that you put your
dick in it or that you spit in it that
no one else is gonna want to touch it
these are the extreme extreme sour
they're they made extreme sour now these
are the extreme extreme sour of the
warheads they're all different colors
good all right
so we are at Ali's aunt's house right
now because tomorrow Ali and I are
actually flying to Boston we're gonna be
we have a meeting with this doctor he's
gonna try to figure out what's going on
with all those seizures and stuff like
that nothing nothing bad or anything
like that but we have a day off right
now so we're gonna go to Boston for the
day and then we're fly to New Orleans
my family's crazy yeah
hello question of the day who was the
better dancer Ally or nerd Rock how many
comments so we're gonna go to bed guys
it was an awesome day so we'll see you
guys tomorrow as always and have a great
night if you oh by the way if you're new
to our vid
welcome and click that little subscribe
button you can watch this every day it's
pretty it's pretty nifty alright bye
guys
have a good night
it's
worse yet
with y'all trippin
with chakra
you
