good morning guys time for tour just
went stay on me all day what's go
swimming or just punch Zowie in the face
not very polite Marlee since today is
the first day of tour I wanted to get
some playtime in with these little guys
oh that nice Zowie you gonna miss me
like a freaking lizard straight-up dives
now angel you're my little angel
uh-uh not in the shallow end pretty good
get him off
she is not happy about the cannonball
come on coach come on coach here's coach
looking good team ready for the 2016
Olympics yeah come on coach you can't be
a good coach coach you gotta be in the
water
all right coach we got a lazy she her
back legs don't even move I was position
doesn't me kick your back legs a
revelation never um she just did it
again she is jumping off the edge of the
pool I never thought I would see the day
that Marlee would voluntarily do this
you remember when Marlee fell in the
pool well that was kind of a fall but I
mean it was intentional so I'll put a
link when ally was filming Molly fell in
the pool there no sad watch it's like 30
seconds you have to watch it she did the
right thing though she's swearing out
all right you're gonna be good I'll be
flying back be good you're gonna be good
mom never mind that's never never an
option with these guys all right be good
girls put it on I think girls in hats is
hot let me see now when you make a frog
face don't make a frog face
that is so like if I went like that it's
good look at jewel snazzy dress the kill
over here you know not pop our collars
yeah do not pop our collars pop of the
collar look watch he's the only one that
can pull it off look somehow I'm not a
douche there's Elvis and Lindsey let me
send you
here's the fun little facts my first
concert never ever was here at an
Atlantic and it was good minutes and
notice her name that's pretty cool to
think about first show ever so far it's
been like amazing day I got a knock on
wood okay knock on wood like it's been
raining all week and then all of a
sudden not raining you're airing out the
undercarriage bumping stuff you're
getting mad Sokoli myself and Josiah by
the way this is a new member of the crew
he's actually the professional vlogger
he's actually going to be vlogging the
entire we the kings thing like we're
making videos and all the photos and
stuff that's him that's him when I'm not
blogging basically it's like a market of
food yes we're trying to get food right
now Cole is like asking where we can
find a nice little deli I'm just gonna
so we had to make a quick pit stop at
Best Buy before I pack thing where they
give you free items downloadable items
for animal crossing that you cannot get
anywhere else they're rare items so I'm
gonna stand outside like a shady but I
do have a problem I'm gonna stand
outside like a shady kid pretty sure
this is called loitering
ask about a present look how happy she
goes see the happy dance happy dance oh
just checking everyone out just looking
at everyone all right so it looks like
the doors have now opened and slowly
everyone will migrate inside they can't
see me they can't see me in a nickel
telogen Americal telogen snake it's good
oh it's good to see snake to this day
this is elminate yep
was snake on to say yes to the dress no
yo okay now don't chase too many
squirrels don't eat too much peanut
butter okay girls
and that's Marley's but under the bed so
I'm not gonna even try to go there but
she's hiding from something
come on up be with the gays and the
kickoff of their tour
this is a present from my dad's for
hunter your buddy
everyone's here I don't know my parents
my parents my dad's just walking around
like mingling with everybody feel good
there no this order or service it's
about 1895 everywhere 80 95 degrees
outside I'm gonna try to wear a jacket
I'm in this workout phase of register
throw in a bunch of other gonna get in
shape or pass out how you feeling I
think I'm ready we're all just like it's
gonna be an awesome shot looks so good
and there's nerd rock and Yoshi and
Stern and Billy
ha
well I got me some geese Tinka five
water because she's afraid that when I
go and meet you guys after show host I'm
gonna smell too much and it's got a
point it's the male version without it
was just a side note new camera alright
sick and just a side note new camera
place your bets in the comments one
month two months three months a week
until I break this thing seriously
comments I want it I want to know how
long it those things broke you have fun
today I'm joining a new ones now nothing
to do don't shoot my bat you're 1% body
fat it was good it's good
gotta look for Yoshi so good to have him
back because we apparently had a
confetti gun I didn't even know until
the last toke that there was a confetti
gun day 1 of tour in the in the bag in
the in the wraps wrapped up Jeff fun is
it too bright
hi somebody get her some sunglasses
America just taken American flag and
profiting off of it nobody calls me
let's do this let's go travel time warp
speed as you never both make it in the
same room I'll take that internet Oh
I've got a splinter on the show I don't
know I mean usually it it out of me out
of him
see you tomorrow will Travis get the
splinter out will Coley fall over well I
don't know what else
look what I wrap them okay all right
guys well I'll see you guys tomorrow
have a great night
we wait up
kid
a birthday psst
with y'all trippin
we're
yes with Dirty Harry don't forget to
you
