good morning Internet today is the final
day of rehearsals and I can't find oh my
god it's like right in front of him
yeah so he just yelled CTFxC there you
go much calmer this time basically live
in a real-life office space right now
trav was in this Lane not moving that
this Lane started moving and then he got
over here and then that sort of moving I
hate traffic trying to get the rehearsal
here's the loophole pretend your car is
completely broken push you're going
faster by pushing by pushing the car you
wanna try it they are going faster than
rock forgot your guitar pickups yeah so
this is what nerd rock needed it's a
little 59 bikes for Duncan is she wore
Duncan hook it up man sounds great this
is the inside of a guitar if you've
never seen it well at least it a comes
everything else is his wood fishing the
inside of a tree know what's inside
those tree sap
well that's only I'd like to point this
out like 20% that's 20% put out a
hundred percent I got to see you hungry
that hundred yeah that's like blues
purple so if you got the white there
so just walking you know down the lovely
refrigerator aisle doing more boring old
people's stuff and looking at
refrigerators and I come to this one it
has an LCD screen on the outside and it
says organize more than just food share
photos wirelessly from your fridge why
give a perfectly good iPhone if you
wanna take a picture of your food take a
picture of your food and share it with
your iPhone what you gonna do send it to
your fridge and then send it to your
friends and this won't fit in my purse
I wonder I wonder if it will send a
notification like sent from my fridge if
you like posted on something I'm always
looking for like a day travel bag that
she can just fit under the seat in front
of her when she's on the plane and I
told her she doesn't buy that she's out
of her mind and that if she walks to the
airport with that she has to sing the
entire time she's wearing it ok I don't
know this lady
so apparently scoot got nerd rock a nice
little rug oh look at that Danny and I
are working on a nice little little
trick
what I put my pic right here before
Party fun and see if this works
yep
I'm sorry Yoshi I'm touching the cymbals
is that Alright I washed them I'm trying
to get the camera like your head quicker
hurry now you can see I'll show you
we're working on the lighting system
that's so cool so this is Greg and he's
operating all the lights this is the
Internet
so do you want to show them how this
actually works really quick it's like a
giant remote control right so when you
come out on the tour and the lights are
all going crazy
you can thank this guy right here you'll
see a month you'll see
McClung threads they had a museum
singsong Yoshi let's go check out home
for the next two and a half months ah ho
that's nice my black socks gonna all
right I'm calling this one since I was
on the floor and warped or I'm right
here I'm not going on the floor again
they prefer being under huh no because
it snores and it puts me to bed
seriously all right I know you're like a
lullaby wow I like this back
everything's switch in the comments you
guys have to name this bus what do you
want to name this bus an old gray beard
I like old gray beards I don't know you
have claimed your monk I need you to
pick up your pedal and put it at the
bottom
signified that your bunk is no longer a
build and that's somebody not coming in
- all right they're gonna call me my
skill on another event working oh my god
I got me sure the air work what not
right here we're just gonna pan the shot
right the Yoshi
No
they're going to bounce more there we go
and that's what we do have rehearsal uh
might as well get used to this gonna
relax right now we're still in the
middle of rehearsal we're about to run
through the set at least three or four
times before tomorrow because tomorrow
we're changing a lot of stuff we're
changing a lot of the songs switching
keys and stuff like that which is makes
things more fun and keeps things
interesting you so tomorrow's to be kind
of cool because it's kind of our
hometown show without the hometown show
that's cool wait if this plays DVDs so I
finally took your guys advice and asked
for a caramel Frappuccino extra cool oh
and it's the most beautiful colossal
like junk food heaven thing that I've
ever seen in my entire life so thank you
for that
I was just getting a bunch of tweets
from you guys I have to show you this
check this out
we have just passed 800,000 subscribers
I just want to say thank you to all of
you guys that is freaking as
unbelievable I guess all I have to say
is next stop 1 million
Danny's now playing guitar and I am
playing the drums
go on rush
that is awesome looking like they
actually look like pillars so we've
officially been doing this for over 12
hours I'm starting to lose my mind I go
on the bus for a little bit and kind of
get some water and relax how you feeling
how you feeling today I'm so being funny
it's juggling I would say like you said
I'm tired
there's no way look what Ali got me a
new camera on the round I got a
replacement 12 times ready to go to bed
well you just go home come on let's go
play tomorrow is the first show of the
tour it's really nerve-wracking but
exciting at the same time well yeah I
mean I think it's gonna be a really fun
tour and I hopefully will see a bunch of
you guys out there Ali's coming for the
next two shows you got your tour shoes
on yeah your chorus shoes on yeah I will
see you guys tomorrow as always have a
great night bye Tori Tyson soon
circle claps in the comments all right
guys let's open up this circle that's
what I want you to do whatever they tell
you to masha the show
we wait
and worse yet sexy
get it with y'all trippin
it would be an early
