working at chlorine stuff okay Oh
cameras on Oh not bargain anything
nothing embarrassing here nothing at all
what was like oh but you didn't poke me
out all right
so back to getting some exercise means
this one line Oh what are you guys doing
enjoying oh yeah
enjoying the fourth huh I wonder what
you guys are always thinking Zoe what
are you thinking hold on let me try
something or just try something so
that's what you're always thinking kind
of makes sense right wait hold on what
about you
hold still okay hold still
Oh
Oh figures really of course of course of
course that's what you're thinking
excuse me ma'am this is my walkway I
chose on that one for I have two feet on
this I own this one
are they weeding yeah I feel like you
trained them to do that yeah nothing it
yeah what's that
pick it up good girl
oh you going for that one good girl oh
that is so cold no I got a camera the
mama you dropped it oh yeah I forgot I
left it over here just trying to get
full time before that takes over it
looks like it might pass us okay so it's
just a little thunder get your stick and
she started talking I was digging it
whoa boom so loud like mid shoe she's
like gotta go come on come on man let's
go come on Riley get on the water oh oh
oh
running away from Daddy all right she's
like how about no I'm still swimming
here come here
okay now we got her are you scared so I
don't like that Thunder man every three
feet she's right there oh she's shaking
Marley's shitty King well he need to
make a fort okay late
lay down she's really panting okay
Zoey's actually not that bad right now
what's the ball on our suitcases right
back look now everyone's happy she's
like yes yes you can't come out in the
rain buddy
Marley is completely 180 hey I want to
touch you now when you get like a hair
on the optical eye of a mouse and then
your cursors just like here and then
just go through it who remembers when a
mouse was an optical and it had like a
ball and then you would have to clean
out all the gunk inside the ball and
then the DA that was that was a time so
nerd rock just called me frantic I got
to pick up a couple guitar pick up
actually pickups otherwise Travis won't
be playing guitar whenever my VDS is in
my bag it does not work unless I'm right
next to it no there's no employees now
he's just grab the guitar just grab
whatever this thing is just pray got it
oh oh yeah
crisis averted wait achieve and I locked
up make sure much doesn't freak out
pranked our rock hey nerd rock ha ha
so a little problem I went to go pick up
the the picks the pickups and I guess
they accidentally sold the last pair to
another person no because they're put on
hold in my name and your name they
accidentally sold it to another guy
named Charles that's impossible
yeah when I call Guitar Center real
quick I'm just messing with inner rock
you're way too calm I'm not gonna make
it I make this Ellie has to give me a
45-minute back
I never agreed to this oh I never I'd
said on camera I never agreed to pass oh
geez okay now you have to agree to it
already
sure I'll miss it oh is it sure I'm
legally binding legally binding matter
man can't tell well Kuwait until dark
actually go tell he's setting up a
target for the bottle rockets kids
please do not do this at home so how is
that smart at all look I wanted to burn
instead of wasting matches Nana you're
burning the toxic chemicals off the
masking tape who gives a crap
you're so dumb I'm doing it safer than I
used to do it so you'll have to get it
the Firecracker one internetting got
stuck and turns back around occasion
almost did that just go straight down
yeah damn it that's all it does ah final
last word formal that was the worst
thing ever
Oh nailed it job I wasn't even in focus
look what you did now look at your score
right again I'll go to bed did you get
oh nice
oh no no no child all right I don't
think our neighbors gonna take pretty
lightly toast wasn't me blowing crap up
and all right great you still many
ratings I
hold on is the green of bullseye
that is the bullseye good what you know
about bullseye see what it is oh my god
I was identical to last time but oh that
one all about I don't know oh you almost
got it oh you got it
planning the big one uh what
watch out Dennis Dennis Oh what happened
alright in the comments are you team
Charles our team ally we are going to
have a battle royale no we're gonna have
a battle royale like oh no I know your
dessert is that all I win
basically it's just burning steel wool
again do not do this at home that is
awesome
safety first is a helmet on homemade
firework there's all these fireworks in
the background and then it's just us
with this oh there goes there it goes
now that's awesome whoa
watch the tube I'm gonna put a bottle
rocket in here and just watch the tube
oh no oh god grand finale it's raining
hurry up it's like I was enormous how's
it coming along
yeah like this this looks nice flow away
it looks good though thought I have this
ladder here
yeah I'm standing on that counter and I
want like in stop because there is no
cherry oh space planning into the tie I
think the fools are getting to you
before we go I just wanted to remind you
guys that the posters or I need that
deodorant the posters are on sale if you
miss last couple videos you can go to
CTFxC merch and get the posters there
are some sign ones left very little
actually surprisingly but yeah tomorrow
we have final rehearsals and then two
days we have day one of tour that's it
race wait do that one more time
what okay and if you're new to the whole
youtubes there's a button called
subscribe make sure to click it and then
that way you can watch us every single
day
hope you guys had a great 4th of July
boom what is that
Oh cats creaky bye guys it works
see what you did
it's coming over Yardley wait
we're CTFxC go
with y'all trippin
like see
yes with tionary don't forget to anymore
you
