all right you're gonna be good you're
gonna be good while we go practice are
you gonna be good okay do good girls
those are evil eyes those are some evil
eyes so we're heading to rehearsals
Danny's driving since I'm still not
allowed to drive what are you doing back
there being YouTube a so we gotta go
pick up Coley and Hunter now and then
off to up to Tampa glasses got here and
I just gotta show you a man that you've
seen in a while this is what the kids
are listening to and in their face it's
like scatting yeah this put the needles
down your face sharpened easy it's like
the bed of nails
our generation has no idea how to use
yeah gets closer
what does good morning guys its roof
repair day I need to fix my gutter
because it leaks really badly so I'm
gonna start washing it out I'm fresh
Yahoo I have made water we don't know
why do that again with what rain in the
men's room right now I just went in to
get a weapon there was a spider of the
size of our face net there we go that'll
work no it was in the stall which is the
scariest part so we're working on it
medley
they may look like a cone it's a quick
way to operate
you just gotta come to the show and
figure out what this means and then
hopefully we'll know what it means
this is that awesome stuff that you
spray on wood
to make water not like soaked into it
look at this look at this droplet of
water it's like mercury rolling around
how weird is that that's amazing Gumby
today usually I you know I try to be
nice and I don't get coffee with Charles
he can't have it so that's kind of mean
cuz I don't want to like get it when he
can't have it and be like no I got
coffee is any gonna see this
oh sorry babe wait no get it no get it
get it
have a sip stop crying drink it
please say we're bringing this on the
road
be amazing
Danny's discovered the new base smells
like play-doh also cigarettes smell like
raisins I do know I can he's still
smoking there okay I trimmed a lot of
the room in this nice lovely dark brown
color I basically hate it I decided to
get like a color that was a little bit
lighter but the same family with like
pink undertones and this has more of a
yellow undertone and I now that all of
the swatches are on the wall I like the
dark one again domestic people stuff why
do I even care about this just put
something on it leave it like this
look at these O'Toole Oh 2/3 rock we got
team jerseys thanks to Scooby ah there
we go there we go number three best
number ever
we're the kings basketball so now we
have to learn how to play basketball
all right so never mind that I'm in the
women women's room right now there's
that giant spider but I just wanted to
show you this is by far the coolest
CTFxC tattoo I've ever seen look at this
check it out
speaking of awesome things actually
today the brand new posters are on sale
they're finally available this is a
poster I'm talking about if you didn't
know so if you want to make sure you get
it in just in case it sells out go to
CTFxC merch calm and that's where you
can get the posters I think they're the
sizes are there like 18 by 24 so they're
nice giant wall wall ones it's honestly
my favorite photo of ally myself Zoey
Marley so want to make sure you guys
have it as well where we go guys sit sit
notice you you jump in and the pasta
days yeah I just jumped in a white
sketchy van all this window tint and
there's all this room now that's that's
a baby that's the size of a baby head
right there baby football going to my
belly so we're nearing I think about our
number our number 10 number 10 Danny's
practicing it's gonna be worth it though
hey how's it going down there buddy it's
uh coming together
okay sorry I'm done this fighter I'm
looking for the spider and those peeing
now it's not coming here I feel it's
like gonna creep up on me I think was so
fast it was this fastest different use a
flashlight and all of a sudden like the
eyes just start flickering no but it was
a cockroach we're gonna find this killer
explainer I'm not coming out
exaggerating guys this is the biggest
spider it was literally the palm was
this big there it is right there oh my
god I can't get that close to show you
perspective that's as big as my hand
right now kind of spider is it
I'm out of here
screw you guys
drive at the camera I never learned my
lesson about cameras try to hit it so we
just had to pick the girls out all right
you guys ready to go home home sweet
home
you figure out a color yet what is that
I have a big scratch on my hand Sheen
here freaking out about paint it help
her decide this is the room that I know
what I want no I wanna have the internet
decide we're getting rid of the green 1
2 or 3
tell us in the comments we already know
we're already biased I'm not gonna tell
you which one I like you want to tell me
what's uh a little too much sugar anyway
yeah like I said earlier go to the CTFxC
merch calm you can get the posters go
check them out guys we hope you all love
him and yeah we will see you guys
tomorrow as always if you have brand new
o to our videos please don't forget to
click the little subscribe button just
click the little subscribe button and
that way you can watch this every single
day I will see you guys tomorrow it's
gonna be another awesome really busy day
where we're cranking through it it's
gonna be great tour great show we want
to make sure it's perfect that's pretty
much what uh what happens when you put
five perfectionist in the in a small
room just get out you got to make sure
it's good and to be completely honest
it's nice to be in a house where there
aren't spiders just falling and trying
to eat my face when I go to the bathroom
would you protect me of a spider came at
me yeah I thought it would
he's such a doofus I love it doofus so
we bye guys
worse yet sexy
get it with y'all trippin
with trip in early
poorly
you
