okay okay there we go
you got it there we go teamwork do you
have your rabbit again okay
Oh cuz Marly ate your taco yeah that's
right
we'll get it cuz you ate the taco know
working out mister lay your butt down on
the couch now why now Charles isn't
feeling well today and he's trying to
beat it by jump-roping for an hour
that's like that I'm sweating out a
fever and then you're like overheat and
die holy good idea
okay you head back head back put it back
nope put it back put it back relax okay
put the blanket put the blanket up over
and there we go
nope I can't see but now you're very
relaxed look how relaxed you are Zoe
doesn't he look like he's having a great
time
did you give a thumbs up you ain't close
your legs are you Zoe what are you doing
I did
amazing the difference having a good
brush to me I've used before my
breakfast horrible I like it it's a way
to bring them that's what time it is it
time to go through the power where storm
bother thing they blow up in your hand
if you hold on for too long disclaimer
of do not blow things up but this is
what we're noticing though it's raining
and every time we go to the fireworks
store every year go back and watch every
vlog around this time it's pouring rain
thanks Florida thanks life it's it's the
natural way to extinguish that's right I
guess good maybe to make sure the thing
is on might catch fire
it's like nature's way of knowing that
like this is one a bunch of Americans
are gonna light a bunch of energy style
wait how are you
glorious right about here all right what
do you want to get Yolo this is what
they listen to
all day they listen to fireworks hold
hey I said we just get the fun goofy
stuff
alright because we definitely have to
have a competition with those we got to
get a target
go get a target what does it do don't
they all - Flemming well huh yeah I
think it's by one you'll be free Oh
power 32 parachutes but this one you
pick them all up you pick them all up
obviously this one shoots clowns who
hates clowns my grenade the snakes it's
the ash that grows you've never seen
them you never see what a snake is yeah
it's the worst firework on the planet
it's just a stick like a disc of ash and
you light it it just comes out of the
ground
best receipt ever fireworks bonus
fireworks bonus fireworks bonus
fireworks bonus more bonus Oh
so tomorrow starts heist torture device
the torture device thing this should be
in saw is that right is that how you do
it oh it does look like a torture device
doesn't it oh that's supposed to curl
your eyes right here's nice was curly
yours anyway
what I was gonna say was everyone's in
town because we rehearsal starts for the
tour tomorrow so we're all gonna go out
to eat right now together could be able
to see each other in a while so the
whole bands in there and we're gonna go
do that after I'm done torturing my
alright now we can go go Zoe
can I try this on you know I haven't you
have eyelashes what is hey hey look do
dogs have eyelashes no there they are
yeah pretty eyelashes Zoe thanks for
noticing I got eyelash extensions
what see here's the thing guys about
trunks when you open though yeah you
don't you shouldn't walk into the don't
go into them I ran my face into the open
hatch back of our car
BAM and my Netflix now I like neck my
neck hurts
and my face obviously hurts why I
smacked it you don't even need it your
eyelashes are like really long and
beautiful that's right don't you forget
it don't you forget it
look down dumbass went down I'm looking
down that's weird
uh hey guys haven't seen you in a while
stop blink your eye lashes look great
man let's go so we got half of the
fellas here yes exactly
trav and Danny we don't know where
they're at well come find my friends a
little bit and see if they're even
around here that's like people say oh
yeah I just left my house I'm like well
says you're right I could I could see
you I'm almost there but I'm really an
hour away there is
all right now everyone's here Danny sent
an important phone call in Lockport
texting my boy oh that's right you'll
see Yoshi tomorrow
what's food comes for these appetizers
so like I was telling you guys this move
is my knee ah there we go
oh crap I can't stay hold on this week
starts the whole basically
pre-production where we run through the
new songs that we're gonna be doing from
the new album and the old album and all
that fun stuff and we're gonna run
through all the songs get that all all
the lights and all the choreographed
nightcore crap
could you imagine that you know like the
lights the banners and all that fun
stuff basically just to make sure we
don't go so I got to bring this base
because this one's never seen the light
of the road and I go take back I think
I'm gonna be retiring the Sunburst
which was one of the first guitars if
you guys remember literally I think it's
the first guitar I bought when I joined
we the kings
you guys I think you guys I showed you
guys what I bought that so
pre-production is all this week or you
know a couple days this week and then
this Saturdays I think our first show
which is really exciting because tour is
about it's here it's here and I could
barely speak myosins it's not working
what as you can tell this is a very very
old case hold suspense there the case
you're hiding from the Thunder it's been
it's literally been raining all day when
we woke up to right now
what is it it's like midnight right now
constant rain has not even drunk and
Zoey and Marley have been freaking out
because they had to go and then happen
they have to go PE they have to get
their little you have to get your rain
jacket on and you're also hiding from
the Thunder huh she's been so neurotic
for a little girl it's okay and now he's
doing laundry what else what else is a
fun thing to do when it's all raining
you love laundry keep on wanna do my
laundry do what you gonna do you're
gonna add it she gonna add it are you
gonna do it what are you even doing up
here you're not supposed to be up here
oh well you know foods usually up here
and I kind of like that get down get
down
I command you what is going on all right
guys well if you haven't seen the new
video where this one right here is a
complete sassy pants you can click here
on the screen or you can go to youtube
that causes Charles Trippy sounds like a
mouthful
all right link down there in the
description send it to all your friends
I hope you guys like it and maybe it
will make more because this is like part
3 of ones that I've done over the years
and stuff like that so yeah go check it
out guys I love you all and I will see
you guys tomorrow as always all right
bye guys anything you want to say okay
waiter
yes
with child tripping
the earth with trippy an early
you
