day three of the daily working out and I
think I finally got the hang of this
this jump rope contraption alright
work it push it just keep breathing
Zoe you're being a terrible coach you're
facing the wrong direction and I'm just
gonna lay here you can work around me
what that is an exercising either we're
getting our scratch on 30 seconds we
have that smooth action so he agrees
fifteen seconds oh wow he lost it that's
right you're close yeah yeah Ali left
her phone at the restaurant last night
so she's having to go get that but in
the meantime for us to go swimming what
what what oh yeah okay all right I'm
coming
all right I'm gonna go right in I don't
know we're at Caracas
hard to tell because they're having
constructions done
we're at Carrabba's where I was last
night because I forgot that anyway
should I show you I'm like where's Ali
let me show you my phone oh I sent you
messages this morning like I always
answer my phone pretty quick but it's
not just that that the messages look
like this Green OH
weird right instead of blue and I'm like
okay where is Elsa
I had like 40,000 text messages and
phone calls
cuz I'm a complete idiot oh but I got it
back it's so weird to be without your
phone like for such a long period of
time I felt completely lost well I
didn't wake up in the morning I woke up
at like noon because I didn't have my
phone and I didn't have an alarm and
Charles slept through his so that didn't
work out very well
whoo there she goes you're gonna stand
in the rain dude
what what is this hello little tiny
lizard look Molly I found you a friend
his name is Herbert the dinosaur get on
the camera
he's like no I'd rather go on this white
beast I'll hang out with her well I
guess it just took raining every
freaking day to finally fix the grass
it's not dead anymore it's at that
little tiny spot that Molly's going to
be on and further kill so remember that
videos working on where Marly it's like
a part two of spoiled biatch of the
Charles Trippy channel Marley just
basically bossing me around
I'm finishing up right now I'm just
coming up with some dialogue for it and
after this video it'll be live on the
Charles Trippy channel so I'll have a
link and remind you about that but after
this video go watch it I hope you guys
like it and then you can go watch part
one which we did I think like almost two
years ago on that same channel the
reason why this video took so long to do
is because getting Marley to cooperate
and some of these physicians was quite
difficult especially the bass scene what
what do you want oh I'm talking to the
Internet yeah so Marley gets a little
bit sassy with me as you can see again I
hope you guys really like it there's a
lot of fun to do and if you guys like
this maybe we'll do more like we'll
continue the series because this is part
two of so far our two-part series so
maybe we'll make up part three so go
check that out after this video link
down there in the description I gotta go
finish this now because we have a live
show in a couple hours - oh look she
flips out it's like not anything new
every single time
like oh my god the world is ending ok
got dirty dishes covered instead of done
cuz that's how I roll
and I'm gonna start priming all of this
god I don't want to do this again it
feels like I did this yesterday but I
don't like the color anymore because I'm
in the same so we're changing it to the
slightly more boring one this one
it's like taupe ish this is called
domesticated what is this calm taupe as
I said tow light brown huh so how long
did this paint color last maybe seven
months six months hey how long all right
so everyone say by the blue and we're
going so you say this is called taupe
right that's what that's called taupe
all right Internet is this light brown
or taupe it smells like somebody just
farted like just crop dusted the entire
thing we want to get the ladder and we
walked back to the house get it bring a
rabbit say no violence here's a wrap
here's a rabbit no violence
then we ripped this red off its head off
though we try again no don't go
underneath the ladder alley that's bad
luck what you better back up back up
do you not don't go under the ladder
right Riley your rabbit is in peril you
must save it
I feel like Marley can do it Michael
right come on she's like what the hell
are you talking about
I'm not going up there you can do it
come on come on you're tiny enough no I
do it all the way one more I'll help you
she wants to do it come on all the way
maybe this is a bad idea to teach her
this hit the rabbit it's right there
cheating ready come on there we go it's
like well about the rabbit I don't
really care anymore no this is a lesson
for younger people in the Internet do
not climb ladders with flip-flops no
it's not you're doing everything wrong
do everything Ally's doing but the
opposite do the exact opposite of what
Ali does you guys want to go to the park
okay all right
what okay we're going haven't got to do
this since the brain reset guys all
right so I'm doing a live show right now
with all the CTFxC Rors there and they
reminded me or just actually they told
me about this way to look on Ali's 3ds
to see how much time she's been playing
her little game here it is checking it
out guys we're looking at my activity
long and it's gonna say how I've done
Ali's records she's taken a hundred four
thousand steps no that's important
that's a good record to have that's
right you're active play time I'm
desperately afraid I know play time 160
I know you played 169 hours a hundred
and six are you serious
you have a problem I'm can I throw this
in the pool now look at the sky waiting
for the heat lighting
just got time to fly show when I wasn't
paying attention I'll I gotta looks
gonna paint on my nose but now here's a
problem it won't come off
awesome what are you looking at hmm
you're still wearing those damn
flip-flops well you're making some
pretty good progress honey so a couple
people in the live show suggested I
couldn't figure out what to do for
dinner
Brynna the best best suggestion ever
Brynner breakfast for dinner that's all
you got to do and then you're done with
the primer thank God Brenda Brando
Brando Brando Brando Brando Brando
Brando Brando Brando Brando alley it's
taking care of the waffles I'm taking
care of the scrambled eggs slash turkey
sausage and with our powers combined now
that is a dinner
I mean Brenner like that yeah or I
should make this into a face much better
not for you are you kidding me 169 hours
isn't enough you're putting Zoey to
sleep she's so bored Oh already guys as
promised you can click right here on the
screen you can check out the new video
or down there in the description or just
go to youtube.com slash Charles Trippy
hope you guys like it I hope you guys
love it and want more of it
Wow as a 90s reference right there
anyway I hope you guys like it send it
to all your friends and don't worry I'll
see you guys tomorrow as always good I
guess
and worse yet
get it with just ripping
with Josephine early
you
