para contar after the intro don't you
look at the baby
this is Zach say hello to Zach Internet
yeah
zach is wearing all of your hair right
now I'm giving him some hair yeah you
look great so what are we doing here a
nice little short on the side on the top
switch it up this time looks good we're
gonna call a few what do we call it what
is it called no summer so do my Magnum I
like like it my super sent sexual so I
completely forgot to upload the video so
I have to put it from the car we were
gonna go to the the beach to that of
course Florida is deciding to be a
little bipolar again
all over the beach in the rain yeah it's
going to make me look okay when you're
going to do if you're missing my head no
magic wand strokes like it says two on
the bottle it has equalized that's what
it says these light fluid strokes like
using either if you're not eight feet
taller than I am because I can't let me
get to your little tiny height there's
like the cloud of crap all over here I
think you're using too much no don't use
my clean towel that looks the same there
is literally cloud up stuff that's gross
you have a hole in your jeans just now
just to let you know you have a hole in
there dance these pants and because it
was cold outside and so I was like I'm
doing it wrong
so it finally just cleared up so we
decided to check out the beach this week
since it's summer like yeste is just
always packed it's always packed no
matter what we do but wait for the rain
to come and then clears everyone out
look right now
nobody except that wedding right there
she don't crash the wedding
get it Seagal
primitive irrigation to their castle
when I was a kid and I would make sand
castles and all that stuff without even
realizing about proper irrigation I did
that I think every kid did that I got
you something you know what this is do
it now yeah it's an eggless egg sack oh
yeah there we go there we go there we go
little mermaid
it's my watching the wedding right now
she's way down there I told him they
needed to bring a golf cart here go oh
that just went straight down oh the
jungle gym
I don't know yours now basically just
end up throwing it back to yourself you
can make it there we go the wind is
making it nearly there we go the wind is
making it impossible alley
see if you can get me I see with the
window I'm blocking the wrong try nope
that's Jesse there we go that's that's
pretty you can kind of see like a little
rainbow right there
the goggle ER ooh
I think this guy's on fire it's melting
wait a minute hey is this place open
yeah I think this is like bad luck nice
get a nice little round table here I
feel like we're like The Godfather
you're like the god mother right now
the godmother sit down sit down
yeah you know what I've never seen the
Godfather that's really bad for some
Sicilian ever since go
sorry heritage you kind of fill up on
bread I always you never want appetizers
we're playing like the sports sports
guessing game and I almost stumped ally
with Chicago and baseball oh you did get
me with Oakland now I was trying to
throw the curveball with the the Chicago
no it do one right now Boston baseball
baseball football three right the
Phillies
that's gonna be really disappointed
Phillies Regina Phillies and then
football right Phillies baseball buddies
I'm trying to think of Scott's way I've
tried to think of Scott's leg because he
has both of them tattooed but tattooed
on his leg Philadelphia Phillies
baseball I said that fella Flyers I know
it's a flaw so he has both those tattoos
didn't make fun all right all the
stadiums are like right next to each
other
what movie do you guys want to watch so
you're gonna pick the movie yes
what are you gonna pick awesome if you
pick Harry Potter I'm walking out I've
been here no I refuse I don't know what
it is I'm just gonna refuse to watch
Harry Potter
yeah you haven't picked up your taco
mess you want to pick that up all right
I need your help
okay you should worry stretch before
doing this hell he's taking a shower
open the door
oh you missed it open the door so we
don't block so you really shouldn't be
doing that she she's trying to take a
shower
whoa eh maybe I'll hope now get the door
no she locked it drat
oh did you lock the door
no she's like it's locked
no you win this round today was like a
really odd day it was it rained all day
so like everybody and myself included
was you know like when it rains all day
and you're just you don't want to do
anything like and when you want to do
something you go outside and you just
kind of lose motivation because it's
like so like gloomy out pretty much what
happened today but you know every once
in a while it's kind of nice it's it's
kind of like a way to force yourself to
just kind of sit back relax take a deep
breath and just take in everything
attack he's just like I will I will not
do that at all why would I do that so
how does it feel to be married to a
model in the comments before we go yeah
you had the best moment you see that
that's the pretty okay book best mullet
alley thing called after shower mullet
just send me pictures hashtag happy
shower mode I really want to see them
okay here's mine by eternal yeah where's
your option oh that and then you had the
after just have to shell out shower
mullet to team ally our team Charles on
that one
you like other videos this kid
really weird towards the end of the
night when everyone gets tired anyway I
hope we'll see you guys tomorrow as
always if you haven't subscribed please
make sure to do that so you can watch us
every single day I'll see you tomorrow
always have a great night bye
beauty with trippy
with trippy an alley
you
