all right guys do it there we go
just think of it as when you tangle the
leash every single time I walk on so day
two of our workout regimen regimen my
arms actually already pretty much
hurting right now
are you hurting are you all swole you
bum hurts I do some jumping jack Jack
tricks do some jump jump rope tricks
teach me some jump rope tricks excuse me
ma'am huh see I don't get how you do
that wait slow mo and see if I can see
how you did
do it close everybody told you just
cross your arms when you get over your
head oh you can't jump on the road so
I'll jump on road it's called jump rope
you like do it slower
you're not crossing it when you get over
your head
there you go force ya know you're
panicking confetti still finding
confetti everywhere you've got one dog
having an athletic crazy time and then
we've got the other dog out there
completely screwing around rolling
around like a total weirdo what is that
noise every time the lawn is cut you
look out and just blazing oh thanks
hello froggy you guys should really not
hang out in our pool hang on you're back
what you got a buddy
alright well is that your buddy is that
your swimming pal that we give super
powers yeah so this is the latest time
I've been able to drive the golf cart by
myself since the last the latest brain
reset
I still haven't upgraded my brain
operating system I got I gotta get
together I really gotta get around to
doing that
it sucks too because this was always my
time to basically fill you in with the
deets guys with all the deets with the
beats
scratch that first thing I want to talk
about the video I shot with Zoey and
Marley about Marley being spoiled
that'll be on the Charles Trippy Channel
laughs girl that helped you on the
Charles Trippy Channel I think maybe
Tuesday so this coming week this Tuesday
so if you're not subscribed to
youtube.com slash aural strippy go do
that now
go do it now
I would have been better if I had a
watch the brand-new poster that I showed
you guys the other day basically this
poster will be on sale starting
Wednesday it'll be 18 by 24
there'll be signed versions and those
not signed versions the signed verses
are going to have to be very limited
because I'm gonna have to do it rate
before tour and the final thing is the
tour I keep referring to the we the
kings tour the starting that's next week
because if you guys have not gotten your
tickets yet please go to one of the
Kings music.com slash tour find out
where we're at and get the tickets I
want to see so many CTFxC airs and be
the king of em we're gonna call it and I
don't know if I have officially said
this yet in a video but we the Kings
will be playing VidCon this year
surprise I don't know if actually if
that leaked or not if that actually was
ever said did I ever say let's just
forget whoa that was a lot of stuff
ten miles an hour I don't know what it
is ever since I was a kid I'm sure
there's other people out there when you
see a big brown box coming in the mail
you're just like oh it must be for me oh
it must be toys I mean the toys thing
has changed to other awesome things for
me as I know I still toys now be honest
let me ask you something does anyone
else get really excited when they hear a
FedEx truck or a UPS truck coming by
their house like it's like Santa Claus
coming to your house that you just
anticipating that he's coming to your
house even if you didn't order anything
you're just like oh maybe maybe it's for
me what's going on that's it clever good
that was good that was good you got me
you got me I'll give you that look at my
little friend oh no no see this is why
you're not allowed look at wait I gotta
zoom out so you can see Marley's body no
triangle since it is summer and the dogs
have been working their tiny little
legal butts off swimming and running
around outside like crazy people I'm
gonna give them some ice cream oh it's
like you can see it's steaming
no oh my god so you got your treats to
write my face that's for you
you can't do it there we go much better
I missed the ice-cream man so so much
doesn't come through where we live and I
haven't seen one since I was probably
like 12 years old but that used to be my
absolute favorite thing it would come by
my neighborhood where I lived in Georgia
every single day in the summertime and
we would hear the music playing and it
was like such a fun thing it was
definitely a friend for something
definitely her nose fits perfectly
inside we wait this one and we has to
put her whole nose outside it and just
use your tongue thing sucks
would you like your ice crushed or cubes
ma'am omid turn on the thick and low
precise Phil Oakey computer anything for
those of you who do not like holding
things for three seconds the precise
measuring don't oh stoves is how I know
I'm older and I'll accept it but I just
like to think it's because I like to
cook a lot remember guys when this album
comes out it's got to go double platinum
so the tour bus has a bunch of stoves
these stoves everywhere this is how you
make people excited over the stupidest
things you make the inside of an oven
blue okay they took the one step further
and Ally's freaking out because look you
can go here or you open it up and you
can do it differently watch this
now I just made a mess it's completely
dry
yeah so yeah you know the blue kitchen
that we spent all the time Ali wants to
change the color again I am terrified
though because last time I nearly killed
myself because I was standing on the
cabinets and I don't know how much
weight they can hold so we're gonna get
rid of the blue and we're gonna go for a
more neutral weird I didn't know what to
do but I knew I wanted to paint it so I
just did welcome to the world of Charles
and Ali have severe ADV today's episode
we just realized we could do this in our
cupboard you know the problem with
Chiklis is I don't want that dude then
I'm going to end up eating it and then
you end up eating gum and then I pray
I'm still trying to digest Chiclets from
when I was eight you can totally put
like Slayer in the background of this
I'll try to get the water out of my hair
right now if you want to see something
that's gonna blow your mind
oh they're like a flat circle no way
your entire childhood was a lie isn't
that crazy
that's crazy I just found this out you
know what that looks like you toast your
stroll now it's time to watch a really
awesomely crappy movie that I can find
on Netflix that's like my new favorite
thing to do is just scours through there
just find some awesome stuff I know a
couple people who've been asking me what
what I recommend on Netflix my
recommendations if it's available 30
rock Futurama It's Always Sunny
I always those are the ones that those
are my go to actually gonna practice a
little bit too by the way if you
actually don't have Netflix if you go to
netflix.com slash CTFxC so yeah if
you've been always wanting to try it
you're like oh I don't know if I should
try it now you now you can try it and it
helps the show and all that fun stuff so
yeah netflix.com slash CTFxC I'll put a
link down there in the description see
if you can guess the name of this wieder
king song
tomorrow I actually get to beat the hobo
fide winning a haircut and as always if
you guys are brand new don't forget to
click that little subscribe button so
you can watch the CTFxC every single day
you can join the community if that is
awesome not just a lien ah do you guys
are that's me I can I've never been able
to do winks it's always been awkward
like that I'll see you guys tomorrow as
always have a great night bye guys
we wait
yes
which all tripping
with champion
