good morning guys
everything is okay it was a little nuts
sorry I'm just waking up and stay up all
night cuz they're so so loud I want to
go around the city this is our backyard
right now it's not too bad actually not
too bad at all
bunch of new Zoey sticks but I kind of
want to go around st. Pete I cannot wake
up and kind of see what's going on and
go around the neighborhood
yeah that's pretty gnarly right there
it's sad to hate seen trees like that
it's very upsetting cause it's like how
old is that trillion that it just kind
of dies makes you so sad I know I'm very
so you can't replant it or Mikey okay I
wish I hope that'd be amazing
there's other of those that we were like
really surprised about this didn't yeah
this is absolutely horrible emotes I
guess in the grand scheme though st.
Pete really kind of got spared like if
you really think about it like all the
projections were direct hit the st. Pete
like I said yesterday if that actually
happened our sewer system for st. Pete's
an old city it would have just I think
everything would have went under water
apparently there's another surge
happening around 5:00 p.m. which is in a
few hours and I think I think st. Pete
said okay I just hope everyone else in
Florida is having the same decent luck
and everyone's safe I feel like Florida
was super prepared the unfortunate
events of Harvey I think Florida saw
that and really up their game safety
first Marley thank you first don't worry
we're going back through yeah this is
all back roads right now we're just
gonna see him stuff Marley started
getting scared so I brought her up with
me the only stipulation was the shade of
wear a seatbelt
for those who say sandbags don't work at
least they keep out the leaves but that
was kind of funny it's almost completely
leafless over there not so much here
this may be one of the reasons why we
don't have power snapped all over here
there's kind of a messed up funny
coincidental kind of thing right now I
just got a notification on my phone the
Duke Energy electric company and
frontier our internet company both of
which we don't have right now just
charge this on today I know they have
like the you know stipulations that you
can miss a couple days because of
unforeseen circumstances I just thought
it was kind of funny that it's actually
happening
this day we just talked with a lady who
I believe actually was affiliated with
where this damage was done
and luckily she was down to the Mary
did not blood at all but came to this
and it's a little damage fall more than
a little damage but nobody was hurt
which is the most important thing
I wanted to go check out the the beat oh
my gosh look at itself flooded it's
pretty gnarly half the ocean is on the
beach right now
the seafoam all you got to do is put a
beat to it now techno beat behind it
Wow look at that sunset kind of weird
it's weird right
yesterday was a hurricane today
everyone's out it's sunny
unfortunately the power is still out
it's now officially 24 hours bla power
but luckily it was still running off of
our neighbors generators we have basics
like TV and we're using actually as a
light couple fans the fridge this basic
necessities that's it guys I guess an
Apple TV is kind of considered of Luxur
it's like we have no power but we have
our Apple TV which by the way guys
tomorrow actually you're watching this
right now so you probably already saw it
they're announcing the new iPhone the
new Apple watch and the new Apple TV and
guess who's really excited this guy you
guys every year I always watch this
thing I'm a huge nerd I've been doing it
for 10 years before even the vlogs that
I would watch these things but I'm
excited nerdy I know whatever I like it
a lot calmer in here not that it was bad
having everybody here because we knew
that everyone was safe and sound but
it's so nice to sit in the house and not
be anxious or freaked out or Oh honestly
just wondering whether or not this is
going to hit and if it's gonna hit hard
and if it's going to destroy your house
or if you're going to be safe enough or
if you're going to experience a flood
now that it has passed we have so much
more knees so much more ease I can deal
with power out forever
I really really could you know
so happy the dogs are doing really
really good they Cantonese doing really
good I think things are slowly getting
back to normal we kind of cleaned up but
we're still using all of our candle
light right now which makes it kind of
romantic and fun boy overdid it with
food so I think we're gonna donate some
of that definitely definitely feeling
much better today than we were yesterday
for anybody that was affected by the
hurricane I am just my heart goes out to
you because I mean we were effective but
not anywhere near what people were
experiencing throughout everything
yesterday and I just my prayers got to
you and your family and I really hope
that the damage was not too detrimental
I hope nobody got hurt that's the
biggest thing in the world and I think
that that's the biggest reason why we
stayed back is we had our family and our
friends who knew two places just say and
we did not want anyone to get hurt so
everyone's good everyone safe few trees
down for us a few limbs no cars were
harmed no animals no people so yeah
sorry I'm a little mellow right now
because I am really drained out I didn't
sleep very well last night
and then today it was you know you you
get up and the aftermath of the
hurricane is usually the part where you
I don't say like rebuild because it's
not rebuild for us but clean up against
I mean there's no time to rest you just
have to get right to it you have to make
sure that everything is safe and secure
continue forward so that's exactly what
we did
so having literally a candlelight dinner
this seems like a movie right here with
some barbecue sauce
it's black outside here what's creepy
without power
hopefully by morning hopefully by middle
of its night since I have to start
editing right now because my computer
will die I have to say good night to you
guys now I will see you guys tomorrow as
always don't forget to subscribe and
have a wonderful night bye guys
