happiness I just wanted to show you guys
Ali's perfection of a sandwich what
about if I move if it makes it taste
better hello everyone
divorce is crack so today I'm going to
start my regimen of jump roping push-ups
and what was the other thing I got
rubber-banding I don't know what that's
really called resistance resistance is
futile
it's futile what do you got you got a
stick in your mouth yes mine Zoey
38 seconds yeah we're having a bet and
see I haven't jumprope since I can't
even remember but I feel like I was
reading a lot about it like especially
be on a tour bus it's gonna be a
probably the easiest most effective
rather than running since I can't really
run and then if something god forbid
happens you know they won't be able to
find me so if I can just jump rope
that's a pretty good exercise Ali
doesn't think I can do it longer than 38
seconds you ready
go well first you gotta get it unstuck
from your shoe that doesn't do anything
it's just fancy that all right let's see
you go I want to see you jump for 15
minutes straight like you said you could
on some cheese she's like stop working
out you need a taco either time everyone
stopped working out he need a taco I
brought tacos for everybody
you try
take care where you going
don't leave me with a stench you do it
do you think you can do better
all right this is your motivation you
don't want to fall otherwise able to
clean your face with my tongue
motivation go you're failing
all right my job is done I'll see you
later
you know what I'm just realizing some
kids do this for fun yeah nice and
relaxing especially after working out
that's one thing that like I definitely
missed because of cuz the Warped Tour
like constantly being able to work out
and that's one thing I'm definitely
looking forward to on tour just hold on
because there's definitely a lot of time
on there Oh got it
good job no no I can't wait to get this
deeper place so we have a new
development in Marley swim time she
loves to swim we know that but she
apparently likes this one loves chasing
daddy all right my response elapsed swim
someone up smart so my daddy turn around
my good job all right turn around go
have a bulky doggy paddle go
all right coach yeah we have a coach on
the side she's pretty cute oh good job
she's faster than yeah I don't know if
that's something to be proud of or
something to be ashamed
oh my god a Wolverine down there mama
that is really bad char I know do you
think anyone will notice Marley was just
whining cause we didn't feed her yet
this is what she does she apparently
take zoe's taco and just yep she ate it
you do know that's not a real taco right
there is no nutritional value in that
okay carry on you really shouldn't have
left your top but just sitting around
dude so we just looked up and we got
word that there might be a pool table
because ever since we got the house
we've been wanting to get an awesome
pool table that and an arcade system so
we can just play video games all the
time so we're going to check this one
out my dad told me about it oh that's
cool Tampa Bay hat distracted well
that's another cool one who do things
better at pool Miriam
oh my god I want to get that that it's
just peering into your soul oh my god
when I get a rocking horse and then just
have it move randomly it just randomly
rocks when people come over yeah I'll
come you can't open the door that just
makes you want to open it more like oh
what's in there huh with all these
secret the compartments but I think this
one there's a latch back in here
how do you do it right there I feel like
when you buy something super old like
this like antique and you get some
demons with it you don't know what
you're buying
he didn't some crazy demons this is cool
though okay so just imagine this with a
little little gray hairs little white
Marley hairs I think it'd be perfect you
found a little dagger Holly we need some
daggers and swords now well not those
swords these swords well pool table
didn't work but they're at least written
shut down little things
there's the booby trapped in the mall
which is actually kind of funny that was
actually one of my childhood dreams I
always wanted to be trapped in the ball
okay I'll pour you some pac-man
come hi
don't shoot at your sitting I guess if
you look carefully these are the exact
same bowls that we have at home look at
that we're just we're just so classy you
need some more of this there you go you
need some more sake chug it
yep this your first time using
chopsticks champ yogi you might not be
me on lesson time no see this is the
thing I learned my lesson after that
getting do the biggest one of my lip one
time it's a delicate art no no no that's
horrible
you don't ever stop the food that's like
an omen of death no that blew away my
mouth I love how you is cracking I'm
gonna laugh you should not stop it put
it down
do you remember when Hallie made that I
think maybe 2009 damn it Justin put
winning and I'm sitting here with my
three hundred points keg agree in this
game you can't get greedy come on out
what you do
oh my god I think it only took two hours
the baby wins look at that is everyone
leaving
I was gladly like some popcorn oh yeah
now one of my all-time favorite games
alright back at home after my victorious
miss of Marth
I suck at pretty much every other video
game Allie can kick my ass in every
other video game but Mario Kart I just I
don't know what about Mario Kart it is
that I just I don't know it's because I
never can get the 3ds out of your hands
to practice I want you guys to tell me
in the comments the video game that you
guys your throwback video game it from a
childhood that you could just play
forever and kick anybody's butt alley I
know like bubble bobble and monkey balls
she's pretty good at so tell me in the
comments and dude one says Mario Kart
just just don't say it because I would
just kick your butt in Mario Kart yeah
you're what oh my god if this is the
first time ever watching her videos
don't forget to click Subscribe up by
the way we are so freakin close to a
million guys that is absolutely freakin
amazing I just want to say thank you for
that let's keep it up let's keep growing
the CTFxC army and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night
and yeah all right bye guys
see what you did
it's the other hardly wait
merci psst
with y'all trippin
see
with trip in a hurry so when you're
doing
you
