good morning guys so Hallie still is
enough and we got to go to the doctor
and I got a party-pooper really sure
what it's gonna do
my game everything so what I'm gonna do
isn't good call her and then I'm gonna
pop a party I think I don't know
seriously yeah you gotta clean this mess
up
Zoe clean this mess up clean this mess
up
well I'm being responsible cleaning it
up even though you're supposed to do it
you're supposed to do it
so we're on our way to the doctor and
what happened out probably going a
couple miles over to so the most is that
there were four cars in front of me that
I was following and he pulled me over
cuz you were the last tail and so we're
just I'm not saying what I'm not saying
no no
yeah you definitely should even go a
couple miles an hour over put so we're
just waiting mm-hm
you know what you should have said you
should have said I was pregnant in that
I was going into labor right now I think
I think you would have let us go all
right let's go see what they say about
mine Duggan go back oh is that Google
glass 2.0 you can watch me pee that's
gross I'm just gonna just gonna turn you
around this way that's much better
so we got some good news why do you do
that place you're not the crazy face no
you just got out and my noggins fine my
doctors pretty but both my surgeon of my
neurologists are pretty laid-back people
and he's Spanish and I always been
waiting and see it when she should bust
out the Spanish I was just gonna ask him
where he was from but I was like man I
can tell he's from Latin America and I
know he's gonna just speak way to that
it's just gonna be me going back and
forth and alleys one in the wrong
direction but that's okay you gotta go
that way
so my noggin is fine and it's going to
be it's a it's gonna be okay I'm pretty
I'm in a good mood right now so this is
really awesome all right so those last
classes that I got I have to return them
because they didn't work so what'd you
guys think these Yankees or or these one
or two so many comments one or two so
Ally doesn't have makeup on so she's
sending me into the makeup store so I
have to go are you gonna go in thank God
I would have part about everything wrong
the lady thought I was sniffing her
pickles I what a pretzel she's gonna do
it you're gonna hook it out and go I'm
just whipping it out mm do you want a
pretzel
no it's portable nibbling the pretzels
Mabel you know Liguori nibble all right
before the end of the video
today's secret phrase is nibble just
spam the heck out of this video with the
word nibble nibble and wait hell with
this would you
mostly nibble you want a nibble okay
just make sure you nibble on this side
because I have to nibble on it's two
ingredients sugar water just nibble on
this side okay because I've been
nibbling on that side in the comments I
want to know cuz I there's no word that
makes me really discussed it tell me a
word that really makes you disgusted
because I honestly don't feel the cure
to like world peace would just be well
cure for world peace do get world peace
I feel the cure was shut up no what we
really need to we have too much up is
just too much world peace no it would be
just give everyone in the world just a
soft pretzel just that's all you got to
do just there's war going on
disarm them with soft pretzels no more
war this it was like a month ago when
the new channel designs were coming out
Allie's Oh am i early and I took that
awesome photo and everyone was asking if
we can make that into a poster well what
do you ask this is what we came up with
I can't so this is the poster that's
good this a new poster that we're gonna
be releasing probably next few days this
is the most priceless photo we've ever
taken in our life and we figured out
much the festers gonna cos priceless
it's priceless so these are gonna be 18
by 24 posters and they'll hopefully be I
think pre-order in the next couple days
we're just trying to figure out the
logistics and we might do it like a
signed a bunch of copies and stuff like
that as well
but let me know in the comments but this
is coming out we wanted to give you guys
an update that we are making this pose
stir and yeah yeah it's just I their
faces just the faces alone are just
priceless
I don't know how it's gotten in my head
I think was not an action plan I don't
know how I got my head though I think
was somebody in the comments that I'd
just been craving watching Zoolander
give me your Magnum I do better way out
well that's pretty good club so I gotta
try to remember where there was some
pretty poppers word I'm gonna try again
some more and do some pranks more people
that come over I think this was this is
it
what are you gonna get hey Yuki hey
Justin I know Ali just goes hey hey what
is it that thing brown cow brown chicken
brown
I'm gonna go over there probably never
Bobo you're so funny
quick look it's awesome that's awesome
over there
I'm not lying there's something awesome
over there all right she might get back
in now
nope there goes
really it's not doing it the non
exciting aftermath basically just
sweeping this sweeping telling this one
that's the new thing let's try it again
boy Ali's changing what do you do
Ali's changing do not take away the
party that lays out there a man with
everyone right now oh yeah one more
these little things I found oh maybe I
can get more people with the glitter gun
best three dollars I've ever spent my
life this is the first ever watching our
videos please don't forget to click the
subscribe button so you can see our
antics every single day I'll see you
guys tomorrow as always have a great
night I guess
merci psst
giddy with child tripping
with Griffin
