good morning oh come on this camera is
doing this - good morning guys we're on
our way home you have fun weekend
there's a new Valley Girl mode or family
give fun it was really really great to
be able to learn Tina it's been a really
long time since our time it was nice to
just get away we made a promise to each
other every once in a while we're just
gonna like run away essentially just a
bunch of adults running after I think of
that runaway Dennett runaway train right
we're heading home now I got my flaming
boat Cup we can try to make flaming
Moe's I guess this is where you want to
go back okay it was a little bigger I
would totally do it bad like hotels but
they I was wondering how they did it and
they had this like compartment on these
things I can't I can't no it's it's it's
a pet but apparently you the reason why
they can't have real flaming Moe's is
it's illegal to set fire to drinks in
the state of Florida do you know that we
suck yeah so that's why the kid like
real flavor emotions can't sit on the
side
parley can't put cough medicine into a
if I couldn't put that's fine wine that
purple that was that too loud for you
see what is wrong with these things what
is wrong with these things
Marley is really pissed off right now
and we are home you happy we're home
happy so I just got a text message from
Coley and Travis about the new songs
that we're learning for the for the the
tour and I'm pretty pumped because two
is actually three of my all-time
favorite songs or on there two which are
actually on the new album so I got a got
to just kind of brush up right now I'm
just kind of learning everything right
now hey sexy bass man
look at that fancy guitar I love this
you love it you know why don't you marry
it why don't you make out with it if it
was legal I would but it but can we
introduce this into our marriage it's
like what in 30 rock when James has this
James might go to the body pillow come
you know I like it because it's you guys
can't feel this but if we were feeling
if you guys come to tour I'll let you
feel it but it's like furniture it's
just make sure you clarify what you're
talking about
oh okay I take the collar off dude no no
it's all good get it mama
Luther she's like that is not my proper
ball throw both of them oh well you
threw hers into the pit we're trying to
see which ball she likes more you know I
think she likes that one because that
she can close her mouth and the water
doesn't go down a throat or she just
likes both of them
say them it's starving that was just one
of those tiny storms so I have about two
weeks left and I wanted to get like a
jump rope some perfect push-ups and some
some like rubber band stuff so that way
I can get a bite I want to get all buff
and stuff because like what last time we
got to do anything was the Warped Tour
which was pretty awesome because that's
all we got to do might as well do it
again now we put one of these things on
the on the tour bus bring this up with
it what are these oh yeah I would just
get a bunch of this stuff what are these
oh my god
I was a little purple was the pink one
how much oh it's tiny medicine balls why
are they called medicine balls what
internet do you know why they're called
medicine balls I have no idea actually
see as a kid this is the type of jump
rope I used to have now they could they
lose this fancy schmancy one what what's
it there's so many jump ropes that exist
the one I want is this one right
please don't if you drop that on your
foot you're gonna break your toe I won't
try that's the heaviest one I have you
smart see if I can do it what are you
doing don't okay
and this is how Charles pulls a muscle
on his back those are just this stay in
there
yeah the sleeve goes there there we go
so that way by mid tour I'll be all buff
and stuff again yeah I'll come home all
buff and stuff
avoid avoid the pastries hamburger cakes
of course we just go buy a bunch of
fitness and jump ropes and all this
supplies and I was like let's get a
hamburger cake just it's a tiny little
hamburger cake right do you want Boston
but
look it she's here just gonna okay so I
know world of warcraft you can like
automate it or program something so it
automatically does things can you do
this with this crossing game because I
want to be able to just program her
freaking thing to do things
automatically she's losing her mind
she's just playing with a bunch of quit
playing with your meat
oh my god we're gonna we're just gonna
we're just gonna get
this is the best aisle on the planet
okay I'm leaving because this is mean I
asked you not to turn up you sure you
don't want those cookies or chocolate
for those chocolate pets all right what
about stationery you want some pens it's
really strange out there dude nope this
is our groceries you've already you've
already so we just made a nice dinner
now we got a rush and hopefully make it
to the movie in time yeah well I think
we can then on a movie role lately
heavenly all right we're gonna go see
wait what are we gonna see nice evening
nice to me
see me how many thumbs up would you give
it three give it three you really liked
it I thought it was a pretty good movie
this it was a good it was entertaining
I'm supposed to be so tomorrow we're
going back to the neurologist for
obvious reasons hopefully because I
leave for tour in like a week
hopefully they're not gonna try to make
me do one of those geez again I don't
actually think if I even had two I don't
think I would have time in the time
before health Eve but this is actually
the checkup that was originally planned
for when we switched to the new
medication there give a higher dosage or
give me something else for it we're
gonna go there tomorrow
and he's gonna you know talk to me and
try to explain what's going on with my
noggin what are you doing you trying to
fix your jump rope so yeah I want to
make sure I'm nice and rested so I don't
fall asleep when he's trying to talk to
me but yeah if this is the first time
we're watching our videos please don't
forget to click subscribe so you can
watch us every single day and make sure
to check out the tour dates guys the
tour is getting closer and closer and I
want to make sure to see all you guys on
the on the road Ali and I are trying to
figure out which one she can actually
come to because I think we're being
Canada on her birthday actually but what
is it what is the secret phrase do you
learn very well I am very proud of you
thank you very much
so we're gonna watch The Simpsons I'll
see you guys tomorrow have a great night
yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow as
always have a great night bye
a waiter
yes
get it with y'all trippin
we're TPS
cos with Dirty Harry
