we're gonna go see put stamps and we're
gonna dance and attractions this way now
you all got there because you ran direct
I get blocked that's the thing it's
always a chance like it's the people
mover if people are gonna just gonna
stand on the people mover or if they're
gonna walk but you ran Universal or do
you want to go I was gonna go both I
can't go on any rollercoasters but I can
go on rides I volunteer you okay how was
that was almost a year ago see I'm so
pumped that they had the classics like
terminator and they have like they got
rid of Jaws this is this is one of my
favorite parts - until we get to see
Simpsons can you tell him excited a
little bit
oh it's grandpa he's asleep Oh grandpa
but here's a little Simpsons fact here
not a fact we're just an interesting
thing you know the pink springs the
sprinkled donut that was in the movie
that really never appeared on any other
simpsons episode other than the movie
and now it's like synonymous with the
Simpsons
this is cool flaming Moe's krustyburger
clues Chicken Shack oh my gosh to frying
Dodge van this is a simpsons fanatics
dream wait do you want some chicken arms
or chicken thumbs heat lamp Dawg I'm
gonna keep moving do you want Luigi's do
want the Flying Dutchman just go
straight on Krusty Burger rusty like
crystal burger in the show is like the
least appetizing thing ever and it's so
funny how it we're all like hand over
foot trying to get stuff for it see if I
get food poisoning are you having a
crusty day
we're sneaking the animal show there's a
pig right now as Moe's this is cool I
know I keep saying this but I've been
watching The Simpsons for like 20 years
of my life and I guess they're gonna add
it's really this is really funny because
remember the last time we were here I
was telling Ally I was like it'd be
really cool if they extended this whole
area into like a little theme remember
that they listened they must been
watching the vlogs this isn't a Simpsons
thing unless there's a port key chain
they don't have board this is this is
what our baby is gonna have to have
mandatory I was telling Ally that it's
mandatory that on the wall we're getting
this painted I'll show you these will be
illustrated on our baby's nursery wall
mandatory we're doing men in black right
now because I can ride that one and I
can kick I can kick Ally's button at
actually every time we do men in black
alley wins I think I feel a little bit I
feel like it's mine so in the comments a
team Charles a team Ally four men in
black right now we remember what
happened yesterday let me put my glasses
on and confidence they must be training
all right he chose a team ally we're
going down
Oh
oh wow what's going on
the lead and then she got the red button
team Ali got this on
look I'm gonna go meet Krusty and
Sideshow Bob Holly doesn't want to be
crucial to curse them out but she can't
see the face we're in Moe's now you're
gonna get Duff Beer they even have the
love tester squeeze the handle and
fester love transformers really it is
just open it looks pretty cool I wonder
if I can go on it though wait wait I
just got this out Allie you are in an
alley this stop it Allie in an alley
all right so Allie is going to take you
on this ride I can't go but that doesn't
mean you guys can't go
keep walking
Hugh Hawking what they have always been
very fond of the fact that they used the
old-school like x-men stuff like
Wolverines yellow and blue suit and like
not the new stuff you know what I agree
I agree
traditional every time you have to do it
every time oh wait wait where's your
where's your other favorite thing oh
sure of this yes the churros have
churros paddy popped on lives that no he
doesn't know he does look that right to
this day to this day I still not seemed
a Harry Potter movie an errand mean to
lead sir every time we come here she has
like 15 butter beers
pretty good I'm not sure how many times
we've come we've come to Universal
Studios we've never done this we always
like always tired by the time we get to
sections apart but we're actually going
to try to see what it is it looks
visually awesome where all the lights go
guy in the yellow shirt I don't want to
alarm you to this day we were just
talking about this is still probably the
best-looking of all the sections of the
plumbing it's only just right I want to
get a spider pig I want to get Zoe a
spider pig what's his name
yep what's his name yeah all right
what's his name okay what's his name
this is the easiest
comic book guy what's his name do I go
back into Moe's I gotta go flaming Moe
just flaming Moe away that's good does
it have cough syrup in it like it's
supposed to chug it chug your Duff Beer
got to chug it no fun yeah what was your
favorite thing
mine was probably krustyburger to my
flaming whoa if the only thing is
flaming well was not purple that's okay
though and this is the final awesome
ride when going to theme parks the
traffic ride stare at me right now let's
make this interesting is there no no
stare at the camera we decided that it
was time we need to get to splurge and
have a nice fancy meal together so we
went to Denny's and we're getting
breakfast one of our first dates ever
actually on our first date we went to
Denny's or I was before weblogs I
couldn't well there you know tonight
it's gonna be me Oh got it all right
guys well today it's been an awesome day
it was such a like it was like a dream
come true as a kid to get to go and walk
in the steps of The Simpsons
granted I couldn't have a Duff Beer but
a flaming Moe was pretty awesome it
really made me laugh because last time
we were there I was like saying Aly I
was like this would be awesome if they
did this and they actually did so for
today's question of the day I want to
ask you guys if they can make your
favorite cartoon into like a theme park
ish thing like that was just done tell
me in the comments what cartoon would
would that be what is your favorite
cartoon and what would you want it to be
as like a theme park there's a V
Futurama
that's why alley and i's theme park
would be the best we'd have Simpsons and
Futurama Oh what that'd be pretty good
too
it's his first time watching the videos
please don't forget to click the
subscribe button so you can watch every
day and I will see you guys tomorrow as
always have a great night
what you did
yes
with y'all trippin
with Gianelli don't forget
you
