good morning guys Oh son of a all right
that's it we're gonna go get this fixed
today yeah we're gonna go get this fixed
today so I went to take the camera
they wouldn't replace it so we're using
the old one right now we're going old
school right now
you got everything I have I do in a
second you gonna be good oh are you
gonna be good so I go home you're drunk
so we are now on the road there's
actually something going on at Universal
where like they recreated the Simpsons
basically a Simpsons fanatic dream so we
might either do that tonight if we get
there in time or tomorrow Gary Busey we
should have a time limit to make this
like an easier G come on I can't why am
i spacing on John's art world this is
how you pass the time guys that looks
scary actually let's gonna call though
that is rain and that's the wind blowing
it
that is so Mickey ears it's exciting you
when you see that Mickey here is gonna
be intercourse - really fun stuff
oh no oh no go go go go
I always get like an anxiety attack in
here where are we all right check it out
look up there
there's outside on the inside it sounds
so cool
this is one of those hotels where when
you say you literally have to go explore
you literally have to go explore I've
never been excited to stay inside of our
house oh this is below 70 or that that
by you what I get the toilet seat up I
get the toilet seat up I will put it
down every time if we switch I get to
keep it on I get both of these beds and
I'm pushing them together
damn it then we'll pull together okay
fish I love how the Gators and the
turtles are just chillin with each other
you are gross fine lick it with your
tongue lick it off whenever you share
food with someone do you know someone
who goes like this you give it to him
and they go and they leave the rest of
the food on their clean it off so
there's nothing I don't like it cuz I
don't like the clinging of the the spoon
and stuff on my teeth I just realized we
didn't do a bed test so snap snap snap
snap snap come on good no ball tapping
go how's that one really good kind of
ran out of time today to go check out
basically the simpsons thing so we're
gonna do that tomorrow so we're gonna go
to this place called old town it was a
place that my mom my sister and I used
to always go when my sister had pageants
or baton twirling things really awesome
tourist trap and it's gotten bigger and
bigger and bigger
I told Allie we should definitely go and
check it out so we're gonna go check out
the place called old town let's run
there's a place called rumba Inn and
Suites
I wonder that's how they clean on area
this is the funniest thing has always
been surrounded by a checkers the
checkers has always been up the middle
because this thing grew around it
I don't parking straight what do you
want to do you want to do that thing you
for everything in the world
another magnet shop I wanna go get some
magnets or get some pleather if you like
on the country oh my god no awesomely
cheesy this place is you want to go ride
a ride I want to go to there dude so
we're doing this right now so in the
comments are you team Charles are you T
Valley no no I'm gonna I'm gonna win
place your bets in the comments now are
you ready to lose going down
you're going down
like Mario Kart
and we are the champions my friend
like wrapped me into the side of the
track but she didn't turn I can't
believe that caught up you were like way
ahead of me that was fun
all right team Charles Steve Charles
high five you should do it do you
remember a long time ago Corey Williams
and I did this a Giant Swing
I did this already I got it it's just a
Giant Swing
that is awesome
hey John you want to make a big giant
truck yeah we've been truck all right
we're gonna give you guys another chance
to redeem yourself with team Ali Ski
ball team Ali no team Ali we're team
Charles and Ski ball this time slow and
steady wins the race just go for the 20s
City Hall was like my family we use
always go into arcade you must have
gotten like 40 on it - 10 - 10 - tape
you could have done it no I think you
finally
wait stuck back in the day when I was a
kid you could just do enough tension oh
my god is gonna work oh I got an extra
one if you do enough tension and just
pull it you can get more of them members
the day where you actually have to count
your tickets I remember when these were
invented like 1 2 and then the lady will
have to recount oh she never trusted you
110 are you kidding me those are 1,600
it's please the rip-off so we didn't
want a finger trap so we just gave it to
a little kid
anything since the way the King tore
we're gonna be playing a lot of House of
Blues we're gonna get a little warmed up
but we're gonna eat here we're the king
I parent I've apparently didn't even
know about this day playing that show
and I just looked in like Oh August 30th
guys so on top of all the other shows
expect you guys to be there too if you
haven't checked out the tour dates the
links down there I want to make sure all
the city lights ears are there fucking
look like that we saw there he is right
now that we got to see him practicing
that was the guy that I'm showing you
guys this one delicious now imagine that
poor t-rex trying to make the bed just
won't happen so that entire thing is
made out of Legos I could do that I just
don't feel like it right now
beware the serpent of the sea he's
dragging me through the Disney Store I'm
losing my mind
toy story my little princess
hits a button you have the button hit it
I think I think it's down further you
got that one I have this one oh yeah
she's gonna play some 3d ass I would
have finished editing and we're gonna
try to get some sleep and then that's
way tomorrow we can go to Universal and
do all this fun stuff today was a nice
awesome relaxing day just it was
something that a li and I just needed to
escape and just run away basically have
fun yeah if this is the first time we're
watching our videos please don't forget
to click the subscribe button so you can
watch this every day specifically
tomorrow as well yeah I will see you
guys tomorrow as always have a great
night bye
we wait
and worse he attacks me
with y'all trippin
where's he at
with chakra finale
don't forget so anymore
you
