do you need a solar lamp do you need
some cotton candy do you need some
ballistics senior flower ok there that's
the beauty about the dollar store is
that you just like realize that you want
everything
there we go makeup that we should have
got our stupid freaking toothbrush here
at home drug test
what's plan the most random things right
here acne cream hemorrhoid cream I want
to us it's a game that you go any store
and you buy three most weird things and
just get see the reaction of the clerk
when you do the checkout I feel like
you're right this what about shaving
cream marijuana drug test and hemorrhoid
cream is that pretty good can you think
of anything better
oh man this is pretty good the same as
these are you got blind I think those
are the same ones to know that was our
but these are more magnified like those
the best yeah
alright we got to get Zoey and Marley
replacement toy so these have big eyes
perfect okay what other big eyed ones we
want to get they're gonna let them eat a
dog oh that's kind of weird isn't it a
little cannibalistic oh my god I
remember this yeah well you would call
like you drive everyone I was obsessed
with this and I got really awesome you
can't see it on the camera it's weird
you can't well there it is there you go
there we go
the jumpy Franz you push him and they
flip I feel like this is Ali's favorite
place on earth that lady didn't even bat
an eyelash we bought the tester for a
dollar
oh no the camera the camera the shutters
are getting broken what's going on oh
you gonna try to pick this she said what
are you doing in there go away shut the
door see you later come on look at this
dog
you're so intrigued those are listening
years get your listening ears on these
trending camera it over there I stupid
what is it doing okay you guys want to
go to the beach huh is that is that a
jump for joy we haven't gone in a long
time you're gonna chase a bunch of sandy
doggies are you gonna chase a bunch of
sandy doggies yeah come on I was
distracted
get in the water get in there Zoe though
Zoe's all in big friend how is it really
nice isn't it
getting really annoyed for nothing the
warmest has been probably ever since
we've been here huh yeah this war was
the hot tub I have to try to find a
stick to keep them occupied otherwise it
is peeing poop everywhere so I found
this is all I can find at the beach
Alley has to persuade Marley by
persuasion I have speed grab her and
take her out there thrilled I'd rather
go back to my waves right there lot
safer you know
go get her right there she's unguarded
duty apparently watching from afar when
I was a little one time at the beach my
sister and I were having like this ice
fight because like people drunk you
don't dump ice on the beach like that
all the time and I went to go pick one
up that was kind of right here and it
was a jellyfish so then I was like God I
freak it out its touch my face crush my
body crush my leg
jellyfish all over my body probably one
of the worst experiences I've ever had
look at this glorious stick no them her
brain's gonna explode when she Sue's
Zoey good get Zoey get it don't give up
Oh No dang
we go it's a no pants party it's a no
pants party
my pants are soaking wet that's an
airplane but this is a no pants party
Connor I just did it I did load it all
right world's worst gun look at the
bullet what do you do I already ruined
this one you push it in that's what I
tried to do I think I get to throw this
thing further it's already broken
pow oh that was pretty good
it's how he's like what are these things
Oh get it going good kick those over
here
sorry little soccer player little soccer
player World Cup
so I'm on a hot date you want to see my
hot date creepy face and all but I can
do more that's very good yes I so common
only you even get one it's help it's
because my big manly arms nope I'm gonna
do what I'm gonna do is I'm going to do
all redeem yourself
but don't blame the booth okay you did
it good job now the ultimate task
I dropped forgettable seed in here and
it's slowly fall there it is it's at the
bottom you're never no way
no way did you just do that watch out
for the zombies watch out there zombie
zoo zombie zoo zombie movie so what do
you think of the movie I thought it was
pretty good it was it was good because
go Brad Brad Pitt can't go he can't be
tried to like do a zombie thing with
like a slightly different problem solve
other than just like shoot their hands
off to this day ever since 28 days later
the gentleman zombies they're the
freakiest things nope no lights no
headlights
so you think zombies those are pretty
scary especially like
but then when they're like seriously if
they're running like you'd go into a
submarine you would rent a submarine
tell me in the comments what's scarier
the slow zombies that can speak or the
the fast adrenaline zombies that could
just bolt and run actually Ali before we
go to bed I want you to give we're Sally
okay that's a little bit freaky hey I
want you to give me your best zombie
noise okay that was actually better that
was like like as they could Velociraptor
you gotta clench the teeth
yeah that's creepy for today's phrase
actually I want you guys to tell me your
all-time favorite zombie movie that
movie was pretty awesome about 28 days
later is one that really freaked me out
I remember like really genuinely getting
freaked out on so make sure to tell me
in the comments if this is the first
time we're watching our videos please
click Subscribe so you can watch this
every single day actually this weekend
we're gonna go take a nice little mini
vacation just the two of us well I'm
gonna go somewhere that I've been there
was like a dream as a kid that I wanted
to exist and now it exists and so we're
gonna go to it yeah I'll tell you guys
tomorrow when we're going there so it's
the guesses tell me in the comments if
you have any guesses but I will see you
guys tomorrow have a great night and
yeah I'll see you I'll see you tomorrow
as always bye guys
wait
yes
with y'all trippin
we're safe
to a strip in a hurry
don't forget tomorrow
