look at her eyebrows I just looked at
Marley's face it was all come here let's
go on Marley's face and enter cocoa what
concert costs 45 cent 50 cent featuring
Nickelback you know to be that smart to
figure that out like what rapper could
they're investigating
apparently dennis has been cheating on
them where have you been now be honest
in the comments does anyone else feel
like Darth Vader like using the force on
on these paper towel things ever it's
just like the force
is broken there goes ever since that was
a little oh yeah
at favorite place in the world oh man I
don't know what I want I don't want what
I want I'm gonna need extra hands get
over here it needs a lot of extra hands
alright which one you want to try that's
cheese try it with us this is pineapple
this is peach and this is I don't know
if this one is really I don't know
pineapple
a lunch of napkins was a delicious all
the napkins we've consumed at the zombie
Barbie this is like zombie and like
toilet off Barbies and look at this I
wanna start vlogging with this camera
this is I could drop this camera 50
thousand times
I think it'd still be fine I think I
found the first Charles proof camera the
next oh I guarantee I couldn't break
that phone there we go try to make it in
just a baby
you made it I only got a blue one for
there really was a basil but good thing
you made it I was good because that's
okay let's pick a toothbrush and I
called Ali over here cuz I was like I I
feel like everything was an engineer by
NASA I don't know which one I like this
one has four like blades of it's
irregular
see the regular one alright we turn
around for three seconds and this is
what you're doing blow some bubbles most
of bubbles she doesn't want to do it now
it's so annoying she loves swimming here
but she hates swimming at our house so
when we fixed the pool we're gonna do a
nice little step like this so Zoey can
go back and forth so today is what you
call the summer solstice which is
basically the longest day of the entire
year
which I think it's only like long by
like maybe a couple minutes or anything
like that but it's definitely dog days
of summer you had a corner by the tree
that's what you got to do I saw I got
here by the tree gotcha I tagged you I
tagged you see her like where the
glasses are smellin their favorite thing
in the world
wait Ali's gonna do it this time Marley
get ready there might be some spillage
so there's been this elusive pool
monster that's been in this pool for the
past six months I have and I have yet to
be able to catch it on camera but Oh
what are you looking for
she's just floating there oh boy
okay now all of sudden Marley is
interested in this game Marley is now
the herder she's hurting throw it right
I'll throw this ready one two three
I didn't even see mine I'm not too keen
on what you're about to do here yeah
that thing will go in my brain I'm not
ready I'm not anything
you know you just blew snot it's not my
nose it's my nose what do you expect
alright now it's out day one
I don't like oh yeah yeah all kinds of
them up here look they're because
they're supposed income it's such a
weird feeling I'm getting flashbacks to
2009 right now I'm gonna hide the
biggest burger when you freaking like I
plucked it and you're not supposed to do
that we need to get you into those fancy
nose hair trimmers that you can just
shove up there and it doesn't cut you
you just go where you done I think can
we go to hell
yep it's all more gonna go singing oh
wait I forgot so we're gonna try to do
is at least once a week do a relaxing
date night so tonight we're gonna go see
this is the end I don't know anything
about it
so we'll see we should ladyandtramp that
right now you want to get one end up
with the others you only do when you've
known each other for five e
and you're married hmm
you ready
this is being
oh my god I'm gonna break it off
oh it just makes it look like being
abusive to it ah
the freaking betting isn't done still in
the dryer that is the worst thing in the
world when you were like ready they will
go to bed you're like so super tired and
a laundry still not done say goodnight
to the Internet I can't open the door
you can't what you doing you pushed it
the right way it's stuck in the bottom
thing if you don't okay oh shit okay
okay you're stuck in there what have a
good night
see what he did
duh
a birthday psst
with y'all trippin
like see
with chakra peeing
you
