hey guys guess we're back here morning
this is not a good morning hello
everyone I was out to lunch with my mom
and I kind of went to go get her some
soda and I kind of noticed like the
seizure kind of happening again and so I
immediately got out of the store and
went towards my mom I ended up throwing
all the soda all over my mom but she's
doing nice tie-dye blood yeah and she I
bled all over but apparently I had
another seizure
funny thing is the same paramedics
actually the same thing and the guy that
got us back into this room was like hey
are they doing on work time yeah they
might think it's like just you know
bunch of things but maybe because of the
switching of the city the seizure
mattered from Dellen dilantin to like
vim Pat and stuff like that
hello so yeah that's what's going on
right now mom let me see your shirt my
gosh sure the tie-dye I was at the Pepsi
oh my god where's the little blood spot
and like just over here hungry spirit
bye well I apologize glad I was there
yeah that's what we were just talking
about how like I'm glad no I'm glad I
went to lunch because I would have been
alone yeah
and the worst part is like this morning
when I woke up like I had a dream that
night that I had this happened I must
like it
so I'm declaring that on the internet
that I am a true psychic yeah a little
more controlled I think because it's
possible to have a good seizure yeah I
just yeah yeah he did that's so crazy
that's the craziest thing to me is that
he knows when it's gonna happen it's
it's I never want to I never
any of you guys ever have it but you'll
know you would know if it was happening
I mean my chair is problematic sounds
like a like a blood pressure it sounded
very Airy in the area fart excuse you if
you look closely you can see Charles's
heartbeat in this stomach it's like the
alien baby is gonna come out this stuff
is starting to get yeah yeah you feel
loopy they gave me that receive head of
man okay lorazepam oh boy it's just all
right it's like yeah man there you go
kicking it but right now it's uh it's
good because like I said it was kind of
getting stressed and stuff for now I'm
just called yeah he's having a little
sort of episodes of nervousness which is
understandable since you had a seizure
news currently in the hospital but they
gave him something that kind of make his
heart rate come down and make his
temperature come down it's like what
always feels like what it happened feels
like when it's happening I'm saying like
there as a Pam it always feels like um
what a seizure feels like the pre like
it's kind of like like that whole like
going this side you saw I went to the
left
Florin bring in the Happy Meals want
everyone to be happy
the funny looking oh my gosh is that my
old band CD she would do those by hand I
think we did hello Margaret
I did hi feeling oh yeah hey ro also
wherever your hands man this is a
hospital
touching my face I need to be on this
drug all the time my stress is gone
were you on Flores away getting your
profile photo yeah I want to get a
better one good and even Mario one
that's what I out of you it should be
Mario is hello you do that I'm not doing
it you get the free go do it ready video
oh come on oh come on sorry
those ones so bad those aren't some a
disease no there we go sound sick this
one is the bitch this one right here
that's on I'm not taking that off that's
still on here didn't it
new favorite oh the bear were the PJ you
time PJ the most awkward are you gonna
sell me P no I'm not gonna film you
peeing I'm just showing what you got to
do okay here's that card oh I'm going to
show you I'm going to show you what true
love is pick up my P pick up my P pick
it up did you ever hurry up hurry up is
the only thing keeping me from going
home we are free
that's Pappa wheelie can you do it why
did I remember now I go right okay exit
well screw the golf cart I'll just have
you push me around in a wheelchair we
won't make it very far very fast open
now sorry guys I'm still a little bit
loopy where's my puppy girls
so loud a giant bird yay home home sweet
home
very take a nap yeah where's Marley wait
where is Marley nothing by herself and
they came back Oh mommy talking crap
y'all come here go now this is how you
relax yeah nice try give the little
music is putting me to sleep and then
Zoey's down there munching on her bone
and then Kylie's over there farting
curtain always fartin I'm gonna take a
nap guys and I'm gonna get back up and I
won't have a I'll talk to you guys in a
little bit it'll be it doesn't simply be
a jump cut for you guys I'll be right
back
hey everyone so I just woke up from an
awesome awesome nap Ally's out getting
some pizza cuz it's up for a freaking
long time which is definitely needed
and I just I kind of wanted to talk
about you know what's with what happened
and this one I don't know if it felt
worse or better but I know why it
happened
lately I know I told you guys I've been
under a lot of a lot of stress you know
family work and just personal personal
stress and it's I want to let you guys
know that stress is something that's
very very important to be able to handle
I mean I'm talking to you guys too might
suffer from this stuff and you know I
would always Alioto is beg and plead me
to just relax and that would always
always like yeah that's fine it's fine
and you know it's just it adds up guys
it does it's a scary thing it's a truly
scary thing because when you go when you
go through something like that you don't
know what to expect and like you don't
know why it happened or anything like
that like luckily I didn't hurt myself
very much
got that Lagash and I want you guys to
know how much I love you and cherish
everything you guys have done and your
support and just you support through
times like this is just amazing and I
know I've said that before but I just
want to say thank you for giving so much
to me and I hope I can give something to
you guys and is all I want to say I just
wanna I want to if I have anything an
example of sometimes what you shouldn't
do you know what I mean I'm not gonna do
these stupid things again I'm going to
make sure I correct a lot of things and
you know you guys I want you guys are
smart you guys have been telling me this
forever and I need to listen to you
Alice I'm telling me forever everyone's
been telling me forever and it's just
something you know like this that snaps
you back and you're just like I'm being
an idiot don't panic and just
remembering a cowl just remember your
towel just I'll just walk around like
that all the time thank you so much for
all your support your love and you know
just sticking with us through all this
don't worry I'll see you guys models
always haven't subscribed please do and
you know let's grow together let's be
better people together thanks for
listening to my little rant I guess it
is I don't know what that is but yeah
alright I'll see you guys tomorrow okay
see what you did
it's coming over guard me wait
hey where's the esse
get it with y'all trippin
with gravy and Harry don't forget to
anymore
