sign up growing up as a kid I would
always look at tags on towels and like
rugs and mattresses and pillows and just
like well why is that even there I don't
even get it now I look for that because
I need to know how to wash it
I used to rip these things off now I can
see why my mom was always so pissed off
when I did and you know I got some of
them with us like under penalty of law
do not remove this tag and I think
that's why I did it subconsciously I
wanted to be a rebel it says except by
the customer kids do dumb things don't
they
what's this sharing time in the comments
tell me something dumb you did as a kid
like removing tags and stuff like that
and let's let's all share embarrassing
moments I just shared with you what are
you doing Zoey
that background looks fake
oh hi where'd your years ago weird ears
go huh as one happy dog you wanna go
bye-bye uh all right all right you're
having it up I got it I got it yep
everyone look at Zoey
everyone look at Zoey dude you're not
making this easy at all look at the baby
armadillo so tiny they're the coolest
looking creatures I think they're like
an accordion meets a like a armored tank
needs a bunny rabbit it's a rat so I got
to go to Home Depot to make a couple
copies of the key for the UPS what you
like my little keychain you know it's
really kind of ironic about this dad
okay I used to drag me to this place all
the time as a kid I hated it now I
always go here for oh oh this is the
wrong way Oh
breaking the law no you got hue god I
want to go to there so so good get some
whiskey ice cream that's when you know
you have a problem I've never done this
that you can grind your own peanut
butter let's do almond butter that's
very graphic remember the other day we
were talking about it I just got a lien
a nice a little got her a nice little
present good for it
she's going to love it how'd you sneak
this in the house you snuck that in the
house raid by me
you'll Punk I got you a present let's do
the tattoos is antique I forget how it
works their ties I think this is that
gun that we were talking about when you
chew it for like three seconds and then
it's just oh yeah there is attention
it's kind of long it takes and tells it
taste is gone right it's gone mind gone
already turn are you Harry
what are you putting on me it says moist
and skin slightly hint use hand lotion I
just punched in the face and it just
sticks on there remember what I told you
guys I got bit by something we were
driving on the golf cart my foot
look Eddie got me on my arm to hurt so
bad try to hold still man be a man how
do you mind yeah can you hold this
oh god don't ill no you hold this see no
I don't think I want it wow thank you
is there like a camera yes no I can see
all the way around the boat I was proud
blown away
that'll be a-okay and today one cheese
uh yeah sure why not let's see yeah
she's drooling on me if she wants more
fun to just get around the area nice the
second I came up into that dry spot
they just started going oh this is gross
you're like Duke cookies are the
greatest now just imagine when I can
drive how awesome that's gonna be so
Danny and I are gonna go to the gun
range our friend Joe has high it might
be a Dillinger but it's one of those
really super tiny guns the last time
I've been through the gun range was
Vegas when we did the zombies and all
the automatic weapons this is a little
bit low-key Florida doesn't allow those
things
Yeah right there true Florida I'm gonna
flip on a swamp buggy boat we got a
zombie
so that's the gun we both have it's so
small comparison right there so this is
what actually shoots yep compared to
these yeah look at the comparison
getting ready to kill some zombies why
is this just a floating brain once he's
all dead yep
she is brain ah logical right in the
most - a little bigger
get the laser that's my last one I think
it's dead so go ahead and get your crap
but I don't want you to squeeze too hard
with this one because this is your
problem all your problem comes from
right here okay once you relax that hand
a little bit more squeeze it down let's
go ahead and get you grabbed I want you
to focus right here where I take the
slack under the triggers and touch the
trigger I want you to slowly try to
press that trigger to rip what I tell
you okay but I want you to sneak it you
just sneak it passes like that in the
head I was just aiming for the center
high so I want to think right here in
this awesome region right here right
here right next to that black spot okay
okay but what I want you to do is I want
you to focus on that front side just a
little bit more till far back to your
brain nice very guys this is a teacher
right here it's North American arms 22
it's pretty cool it's like back up
zombie head that's all you had to fight
zombies with I'm gonna try like that I'm
just gonna you know what would aim at
the bottom left they went to the top
right show you the first-person shooter
of you going for the helmet Oh
bring it in Wow
which gun does not belong tell me in the
comments when you see it you'll laugh
that's hot
I think I missed every single one of
them alright so we're gonna do a joke
Danny and I are gonna have a competition
to see who can get the most points so
the comments choose a team are you team
Joe team Danny or team Charles round one
Wow oh I worry about that little guy you
can still team Charles watching people
in their 20s try to do basic math it's
pretty this is why we have calculators
and iPhones and things like that
is that right Danny one I did not win
the handwriting contest but I did wear
the gun range game now it's gonna be
Team Charles vs. team Danny in the
comments make your predictions and do
not base it on defect I'm shooting a gun
well this is the practice we're just
gonna cover that one up right now yeah I
got a bull's-eye
18 it looks like we both oh come on
cancel that might run away final rounds
I'm far away we don't even need
I didn't get a ball and I don't know
what happened here
I was going for this bullseye alright so
you're not a lap dog I am a get up there
Zoe no punching Zoe don't hit your bail
if I say don't she doesn't so I get you
bail
no I'm good excuse me this is my waffle
fry what look at this it's like please
sir you may have this and you may have
this today's secret phrase is Charles
Trippy zombie hunter because I pretty
much killed that zombie again fun little
reminder of this first time ever
watching our videos please click
subscribe so you can watch this every
single day because I want to see your
faces every day have a great night oh I
just spit I gotta go have a great night
guys bye
see what you did
it's the other yard we wait
yes
with y'all trippin
yes with trippy an alley
you
