what do you want is this what you want
yeah yeah there we go oh okay
good morning see you you said not to
bring it back but look I bring it back
and now use your favorite sticking the
planet in the planet not on the planet
in the planet yeah there you go
bring inside come on I gotta run some
errands I haven't been able to shake
this freaking headache all day yeah I
hate I hate taking pills like headache
pills like even even when I had the
brain surgery and stuff like that they
gave me pain I don't remember what it
was like pain kills like painkillers uh
pain kills I like vicodin and stuff like
that and it's just made me feel like
crap and I really try to avoid take oh
dammit taking anything like that it's
like one of those things where I just
feel like I shouldn't do it but right
now this headache is like massive it's
just killing me right now so I need to
take care of that Marley is getting a
little annoyed with Joey because they
always been taking up the whole seat
lately pushing to the ground hold music
for the win sorry dance don't judge me
more papi called the rabbit do I come
I guess I'll stay have fun deal with the
Coyotes look at Ansley's awesome jean
jacket wait so you get all the way that
is now you just need like like a heart
this is mom like a tattoo
have you ever showed off your bike this
is defended a bike my dad's been working
on forever Zoe what are you doing my
dad's been working on this forever all
hand-built
and bill what are you doing dude Oh all
your toys this is his new favorite toys
so girl's night I'm uh I'm being dragged
that dragged I haven't been to the
casino I'm being dragged to go to the
casino your friend is in the what's she
gonna be doing piling up course he's a
basically a giant talent show at a
casino but when I heard that I decided
to crash girls night so I should have
brought a wig or something you can just
ignore all right let's do this
what is it the mirror the mirror
actually you guys always ask me what my
ears look like without the plugs that's
what they look like
there we go I'm ready for girls night
why do you girls have dangling ones like
why don't you decide my regular earrings
this is so annoying
yours are you you're not wearing if
you're wearing like a subtle necklace
you can wear this wasn't filming but I'm
just gonna have my mom we say what she
just said she's helping with the voting
but I'm sitting here just you know
looking out trying to find the casino
and I hear my mom say she has to work
the polls tomorrow
winners way actually I want to ask you
guys something
we could either go winners away or lucky
street that was the name of the garages
but I was actually trying to get like
think about it what is better to be
lucky or to be a winner
tell me in the comments cuz you could be
lucky on multiple things but if you're a
winner does that only mean like I don't
know I think what being a winner would
probably better Lady Gaga I'm sorry Lady
Gaga got me distracted I'm so that's
cool
one day guys where the Kings will help
that many World Records it's a mini
Vegas
cook you
I can tell you that
she's doing the mob clap if you don't
know what she's doing I would save a
daughter of musician and you're doing
that
Oh
what what do you want to do royal gamble
I just said this out loud okay you know
that song the lyric or if there's idea I
want to rock and roll all night and
party every day I never really thought
about it then I was like wait why would
you want to party every day what do you
want a party at night lever so you guys
know every time I go to Vegas I'm not
much of a gambler or anything like that
but I'm gonna try it I'm gonna put $25
and I'm gonna see if I can just get $25
in one cent tell me in the comments if
you think I'm gonna do it say yes I'm
gonna do it or no
give me some faith give me some faith
all right so I'm trying to remember how
to do it with blackjack so you want to
try to learn okay all I remember is you
don't want 21 or over 21 I think this I
don't know I know yeah my uncle my uncle
is he's a gambler he knows how to do it
well do this one all right look it's
reversed you used to give me money now
I'm giving you money to gamble
okay look you still got $20 you're a
winner you should cash out now if you
want to always feel like a winner just
put money in one and cash out
immediately you're a winner
you breakeven every time now where you
want to go now we've created a monster
Canada
you win some you lose some we're at 90
cents right now you got to bring us back
up my mom lost my mom lost our entire
fortune you lost money
20 cents watching
it's up to me to get all the money back
using what I just do I want to do three
that's my lucky number
okay well well you did good well I did
but I didn't get us back up to 20 so
here's the problem okay so we did the 25
we actually got the 25 but now we're
down to seven okay you do one more do
not hit the red button
we need mom back in the game there we go
you should be proud Zoey look what I
brought you
I got you 18 since say no I did she just
likes cuff her face it was really nice
it was like I haven't been able to hang
out with a sister in my mom in a long
time so that was really nice to just
kind of chill my mom said she lost all
my money because it was payback for when
I was a punk kid so for today's secret
phrase is simply CTFxC for the win we
haven't done that one a long time and
it's true because you know you guys
you're my family and I love you guys so
much and I will see you guys tomorrow if
you haven't subscribed if you haven't
subscribed to the family you should do
that I felt like a wrestler right there
I'm gonna watch a movie kind of relax
and get a destress a little bit but I'll
see you guys tomorrow as always have a
great night bye guys
