so today we got a server day feeding the
little cat wait was it Linda
we call it notorious b.i.g you're doing
it like the only you do gee like do G
the og like that something do G Doris do
G or just call him dog she's actually
enjoying it now she understands now that
she's out of this G is milk trunk real
quick
I don't think everything's gonna hit
today I think towards the evening it's
gonna get worse but it's just poor they
could down like a torrential downpour
for like five was I'm sorry I thought LA
was calling me for like five or ten
minutes it was just like this incredible
trip and this wind just came by right
now I've been kind of measuring it would
like I'm hilariously enough with a drone
app so right now the wind is blowing at
twelve point one miles per hour east so
this is 12 miles per hour so this is you
know times this by a hundred literally
so we got a full doggy house so we're
trying to acclimate them to each other
Lola is definitely it's like Zoe okay we
go for a walk with the dogs these people
over here over there they're going for a
walk somebody was jogging for those who
are worried don't worry
Floridians know what they're doing we
don't know cold but we know hurricanes
more than people know it what are you
guys looking at how pretty I am
is that you so he said they call her
storm yeah barley in the Kitty Kate are
you coming friends now
because best friends best friends we
were finding out she's freaking fast she
alters of course I'll take that are you
getting hungry there Wow Marley no care
for you these to me gives me fast please
potential names if it's a boy I want to
name it Barney just because every time
she drinks milk or Jake's or does
anything like that she just falls over
if he looks like a drunk or if it's a
girl we can call it storm obviously
we're still in the clear I actually
think there's only a couple fallen
branches not too bad I actually think
for this thing coming directly at st.
Pete it's not gonna be too terrible
actually my sister went to Vannoy Park
where we always go and we're warped or
is he didn't tell me and she went
without me but she did send some clips
so here's some clips for my little
sister when she went to Venoy it's
actually pretty gnarly
yes so that's what that kind of looks
like right now
and I think what that is is because all
the water is getting sucked up into the
hurricane I'm actually really not sure
I'm not a meteorologist at any rate it's
cool and weird at the same time slightly
eerie what's this hope this is kind of
like the worst of the situation mr. D we
just talked to our neighbor across the
street it's interesting you look like a
meteorologist right now welcome to
Channel 9 News
so far the wind gusts are not bad but
luckily my mom she started to blow off
into the distance and Katelyn just
grabbed her by her little foot and
pulled her back down but we are okay so
far hang on it looks like there's more
of a storm this way come on
flipped into my bedroom whooa Sam was
like fortunately I don't know you guys
remember fourth of July we had no power
Franklin 48 hours I'm hoping that
because they had to change all the
Transformers that hopefully because
they're new we might be in a little bit
better position we just crossed
we're a mile marker why is that your
grass bud I'm sorry what's the password
to come in to my sponsor please somebody
is using it
Marley just walked right over the line
you know being through my mom was saying
that they all can just feel the static
probably and Lola was so happy earlier
she got a little anxious and uneasy so
we put on that coat that my mom got yeah
oh by the way if you can tell right now
we're back to the Stone Age and not I
did knock on wood because we were
walking and now the power's out however
the generator is working next door so we
have a fan going and we have a
refrigerator going with our other fan
from okay so we are it's right there
from your face what about now that the
one your mom has is the same power has
gone out and storms probably it started
picking up the ones it's getting a
little intense if you're trying to tell
over there but right now we're taking
advantage of keeping the dogs outside as
much as possible
get a little spooky little bit scary but
Perseus I think that it turned up lesson
up a little bit which makes it a little
bit more evenings hour is officially out
you're going to make sure that what we
look at all these clubs they're all best
friends now so the only downfall I think
about hurricane coming is that you have
to sit and wait for it to come
especially if the power goes out you
can't do much and the worst I think the
worst part is that you plan for like a
week with this anticipation that this
hurricane is coming she's behind me this
hurricane is coming and then when it
comes you're like all right hurry up
like right now like it's like really
annoying like I want to go to the beach
right now and check things out I don't
think I'm gonna do that yeah it's crazy
as the storm as everyone thought it was
gonna be I don't know I think the winds
are gonna be pretty intense we saw a big
there's a pretty large storm surge but
the worst part is that it's gonna happen
in the middle of the night which i think
is the worst time because you can't see
anything so I think it's creepier but
yeah the storm surge won't affect us but
at the same time the wind the wind is my
favorite thing because it's most
dangerous but it's fascinating if that
makes me sense like a lot like right now
I don't ever just live in the cat
runaround we're trying to feed it and
we're just kind of watching the wind
just destroyed not destroyed but throw
these like trees back and forth I think
you really keep most people really kind
of stop and think about that I'm amazed
at how sturdy some trees are - thank God
yeah your new bed hello new member of
the CTFxC it's picking up a little bit
there goes
so we got some good news apparently
keeps dropping now it went from about 5
to a 4 to a 3 and possibly a 2 right now
it's a 3 but maybe by the time it hits
st. P which is so good because if a 5 or
a 4 or anything like that hit st. Pete I
think we'd be okay but like st. Pete's
like drainage is so old like I think
this like certain areas would be under
water but I think we're on us to be okay
but I still rather not see that happen
to my city multiple reasons it's my city
and I don't want things get ruined - I
would like not to be trapped in the
house 3 I would like them to be able to
fix the electricity they can't do that
when there's like water everywhere so
this is only roughly 24 miles per hour
wind and it's already pretty gnarly I
could not even imagine adding a 150
miles to that wind right there
right now what the guys are trying to do
is get our TV hooked up because we have
a generator from our neighbor dad do you
think you do this yes we can that's true
you know there's important then we'll
just tether off of cellphones
mm-hmm you're such a super man what have
this shirt Superman is very obvious
today he's not in Clark Kent
I mean that that Jersey is no bomb wow
there's a lot of USB port
during a hurricane the only things you
need are your TV a generator and your
refrigerator and potentially a fan a
neighbor's generator yes yeah okay so
now we need to have three cell phone all
right nope yours you want it you want
the TV I'm serious I poo you're full of
crap
no it's so good that dogs love it we're
trying to let them stay outside as much
as possible but Stephanie's starting to
pick up a little bit
I scare you max
this is you think that's like the noise
maybe the wind and the ground
feel very very calm so until it gets a
little too intense we're gonna probably
stay out here with them
at night there's a lot about looking
there
there's the win so during all this we
have be running appletinis running off a
hot spot because our bio destino files
is up in the
gotta be up in the air
here's Gus you love in this game where
you love the desk this big loud crash
and I think we found out what it may
have been oh boy
I'm so happy that our neighbors decided
to go to Orlando their car went great
underneath this yeah it is kind of feel
a little bit nervous going underneath
this one
I know this looks kinda scary but this
actually pretty calm this is maybe a 2
so this is a 2 I'm just waiting for that
poor thing to go branches keep falling
you see the branch fall started getting
a little nervious after seeing what
happened our neighbors so I'm going to
move our car away from this scariness
wait where's the car moving yes the
ebrake on somehow ok ok now
there
one last time buddy I feel like I'm in
freaking like counter-strike right now
things actually getting really kind of
crazy right now I think winds are
hitting like 80 or 90 miles an hour and
they don't want to use the little thing
that we made of course they don't well
it seems like the wind is kind of topped
out a little bit over 100 miles an hour
down here and it seems like we kind of
lucked out stay Pete was the direct hit
and I guess it went west which is good
because Steve Pete getting a direct hit
would have been really really really
really bad we have just a bad sewer
system I feel like at any rate it feels
like this thing is kind of dying down
even though they helped be sure that
that was that was a branch that was the
branch yeah as well as thing that's kind
of creepy is that every once a while you
hear a branch like snap you know where
it's coming from so that's why I keep
moving I don't know if it's gonna come
down any they can swing down cuz we have
this thing over here and there's a bunch
over there and you saw that thing
earlier in our neighbors so tomorrow I
think I'm gonna take a little bit of an
adventure and see what I can find
so I'm trying to provide you guys by the
light
oh yeah that's getting Otellini anyway
guys please don't forget to subscribe
and I will see you guys tomorrow boys
have a wonderful night bye guys
