yo what are you chewing on that is not
food that is your foot you know that
whole thing I was telling you guys about
like if you smell the dog's foot then
smell like with corn chips
smell corn chips and the exact same
thing do you think your foot is corn
chips or do you need help here so you
don't touch my ear
come here I'll help you look look get it
don't touch me watch help no god you're
spoiled today Zooey Marley Zoey Marley
but but uh where did I do with hey
alright no more singing I promise what
are you doing protecting my base good
job
wait a minute go over have you been
eating your foot you've been eating your
foot haven't you you need to stop doing
that
so how are you guys doing this fine
Sunday afternoon I was getting a little
stressed out trying to finish this video
but tomorrow like look at this I'm in
the jungle so I can hopefully have that
video ready for Friday on the Charles
Trippy channel but yeah it's kind of
like crunch time like things are just
trying to get a little bit crazier
because of tourists coming up you almost
just peed on her head okay no no no no
where you going hey you know that saying
man's best friend wooden referring to
dog stuff like that it's like you know
very elegant Charles but I was actually
really thinking about it and it's like
it really honestly is true because no
matter what I do or anything you know
these guys are always extremely loyal
and it's pretty amazing how like you
want to pie is because they can't talk
okay so I guess actually that that
phrase could actually apply to any any
animal except the parrot cuz they can
pretty much talk or woman's best friend
I got to be clinically correct here oh
how do you do that in the comments if
you don't have a dog tell me your your
animal best friend it could be a
chinchilla it could be a scorpion mmm a
spider oh wow it even the snake or it
could be a guinea pig with seemingly
crazy exotic animals the CTFxC heirs
have yo you guys aren't supposed to be
on the other side of this rope we have
rules for
reason come on little Explorer alright
see ya
Zoey Marley careful now
so for the final scene Zoey and Molly
are gonna be taking a bubble bath so I
need to get a lot of bubbles everywhere
ready go get a bubble bath oh look
they're all right oh my go get a bubble
wrap no no no what it's Swedish oh my
god it's like candy I want that literacy
hi
I don't wanna bet please don't make me
do it I want you to see that it's so
funny did you literally just beat that
and I do pay attention open well it
makes least it makes good bubbles so
this team's doing Marley are being punks
so I guess right oh it's really hot cold
that's really anything that do I
it's too hot rubber ducky oh the 1d
rubber ducky you're number one Marley
why you scared I literally think I just
used 16 ounces of bubble bath you ready
for this yeah
all right mother we got to do vocal
warm-ups ready ready for vocal warm-ups
oh I'm sorry you got any chair ready oh
I feel like it's his heart telling me to
shut up
yeah I think I could use some more
bubbles why not
it goes behind so you can't get it all
right I better go check on that oh my
god that that is a lot of bubbles I
think I may have overdone I don't think
Marlies didn't even show up at a shot
now all right ready go in we're gonna go
take a look at the back okay see that
scary we're gonna call out of bubbles I
mean go Zoe all right so yours is pretty
good because it's doubles that's like
your back exactly okay very nice
here's gonna be the trick to get them to
speak with bubbles on it you know
they're professionals what you hopped
out series like I like my bubbles I'm
gonna keep well as they come on to do it
I saw you oh my gosh that is that is a
mess that I have created you look like
no offense to anyone from London but
those funky hats a lot of the
fashionistas wear wait wait I have an
idea
there come stand here I mean I'm a
millionaire I'm like Philip Treacy hold
on I'm crafting a new hat for the
Duchess of Cambridge okay you're getting
there
look at the concentration okay
I don't know this beard
I am I going to be like Gandalf the Grey
it won't stick that's me I see I feel
you gotta sneeze it up thank you but see
the thing is I'm already working with
the most amazing beard already so
there's very little you can do to make
it even more epic you actually mind like
filling in the little gaps that I have
so actually really good this is gonna be
a new Internet challenge guys it's
called the bubble bubble beard challenge
I want everyone to make the bubble beard
challenge it's like one of those things
where I remember when my dad shaved his
mustache and his beard and like I
thought it was a stranger in the house I
feel like if I did that I shaved my
beard you guys would be like who's the
stranger filming I don't everyone whose
beard was better give you a nice toupee
oh so wait you look beautiful look good
Marley wants in you look hot though you
look hot
there we go good job she looks like one
of the UH she's got a powdered wig
yeah George Washington everyone come
here oh you have a blackhead that's
right
ready there we go
over here there we go oh there you go
so I have to rush to the grocery store
that rush all the way back and hopefully
be in time for the live show which is
five minutes thankfully I can do it on
my phone so if I end up doing the live
show on my phone on the golf cart which
is pretty awesome yeah we're doing a
live show right there it is
hello internet chat broke it's broke the
chat so I'm doing a live show right now
and I just talked to Travis and we were
doing like a little bet back and forth
on it like what we can do for the new
song any other way that we just released
a couple days ago trav said if we can
get it to like number one or like at
least a top five he will wear this all
again remember when he wore all the blue
I think was France with the simple plan
tour but here's the other thing but
here's the other thing trick see it I
goofed up I goofed up you just watch me
goof up but here's the other thing
trav says if we can get it in the top
five he will buy personally a pink base
and make me play it the rest of the tour
putting it out there guys go get the
song with let's put it to number one
screw number five let's go number number
one and then I'll have to play a pink
base and travel where I'll blue and then
maybe Danny will have a pink drumset
that would be in pink hair is my dad
wait how you facetiming
wait yeah put the camera on your face
there you're like in the dungeon no you
did it
happy Father's Day oh my gosh my sent my
sangwich is getting melted to the oh
geez come on oh that's a delicious
sandwich it's not a falafel but it's
still sandwich all right I'm gonna
freakin Burma oh I burned myself hope
you guys enjoyed the video I'll see you
guys tomorrow as always have a great
night bye I'm gonna eat the sandwich now
okay there we go
hi it's Oh I'm gonna eat it later I'll
see you guys tomorrow
bye
worse
giddy with y'all trippin
where's with trippy an alley
