good morning guys say good morning Zoe
yeah no I'm gonna I'm gonna wag my tail
but I'm not going to say anything
because we will fly so yesterday we had
a nice little box day of filming Ali and
myself couldn't get this little one this
little diva to talk but guess what she's
already talking well you know you didn't
do it yesterday remember that little
thing I just said about Marly
cooperating no no she's not
yeah she didn't get her Fiji water and
her trailer today apparently so I'm just
gonna give her a little break and then a
little tricker by getting her an awesome
treat when I come back home does that
been given the a-ok and since I switched
medicines now I'm gonna go get a coffee
basically the reason why I switched was
because dilantin
I guess side effects like some of the
side effects over the course of a long
time because I'll probably have to be on
this for a long time but if there's like
gum disease kidney liver and just stuff
like that and apparently this new one
has a lot less like it's a lot less
severe and I kind of was like yeah oh
and I can have coffee
yeah we're switching I honestly can't
remember the name it's like I think it's
like vim vim pad so all in all it makes
for a happy Charles yep he looked at me
it wasn't a coffee okay hopefully but
you wait when I get back
Marley is gonna be wanted I want to race
this guy if I ever catch up to him
should be a clear indication Charles
don't you knock over Hey look at this
we're exactly the same amount of
distance apart we're going the exact
same speed right now like perfect amount
wait wait a fetch top wanna race he saw
me and he started shaking in his little
pants man coffee affects me quick this
is all I've drank so far look at this
diva Zoe so now she wants to do Castelli
yeah all right you want to you want to
cooperate now it's hit the freaking Bell
okay Joe you sure I'm doing okay no no
don't you Joey comes why is this so
difficult
you guys don't know what to do yeah
totally missed that's invisible
she's like worth Oberto up you're broken
did you bring home the Fiji water for
them she needs a glass please okay you
needed this be a statue do your best
okay there are three though there's the
smarten grab yeah the chomp and miss do
all three and the chip will do a mock
compilation what did I say first heart
and grab yeah certain grab is trauma
grabbed or trumpet misses when she goes
and she's got the Chuck oh yeah when she
just goes like this pretty freakin
accurate quick and the choke one is just
her going like oh this is the other this
like show up mom I ready
wow she won't just sit on the ground we
have to have a mat for her okay
she's like where's my mat nope that's
still the camera
you're on making everything unfocused
hit the button I need to have my mat I
don't I don't sit on hard floors you get
back on the director chair that thing
almost just stung me it was right there
on my ankle okay go away go away there
she's 70 so I have to give Marly her
little sag moment every 15 minutes I
have to give her a break
and by that I just mean she's just she
doesn't want to do anything
however while we wait the new singles
out and I got actually downloaded see I
even download our own single by download
faster download faster oh yeah here's a
little sample that's I get links down
there
go get it guys just sneak in peace so it
looks like I actually have a good
majority of all the shots that I need I
just need like a couple more right here
where she didn't want to cooperate
yesterday which is really good because I
could probably get the deadline today
which I don't know if I will but it's
kind of a good thing you're cooperating
thank you
I'm right now I'm just so sick of
looking at a computer I need to get
outside maybe go for a walk guys when I
go for a walk I think that's the new
indication to know what I need to get a
haircut is when my hair won't stay up
and it just doesn't revolta or the Fonz
whichever or actually the misfits oh my
god something to say
doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo okay anyway grass you're
not a cow
you're not a cow guess the guy who's
gonna be doing that tightrope walking
thing across the gate Grand Canyon
when's he doing it he's the 23rd of June
and he's a crazy man
so this is the length he's gonna have to
do in the Hills butthole or whatever
it's called I don't know
Devil's butthole that is that better so
remember that face this guy's gonna be
super SuperDuper famous when he does
this
that's crazy
and I guess those are gonna try to blow
them off just to give them an example
what it might be up there that's pretty
that's pretty intense holy in Florida
will you have to just swamp buggy's just
waiting a lot they're like waiting
around you need a swamp buggy you didn't
come to Florida
now you see how
you think you can do that mom walking
straight line walk a straight line so my
mom just found out that wind got up to
91 miles an hour just blowing and your
mom is like this I don't I think it was
more than that okay look for him to
Johanna on the devil's butthole
so it's one of those things where I'd
like to say yeah I can do that but knew
I could bear I could barely walk watch
from here to here I will not walk a
straight line I guarantee it look at you
but he's a he's a hometown hero which is
kind of cool because he's gonna be doing
this and you guys will all see it on to
you by the Discovery Network on every
news thing but yeah now just imagine
being on a rope in the Grand Canyon and
then a gust the wind just coming like
that that is that's that's crazy
hallelujah it's blue yeah hallelujah
it's blue yeah haleh blue yellow blue so
no I think on this video be ready for
Friday
Marley decided to cooperate so he was
cooperate you know it's really good it's
pretty hard to film with animals but I
do have to miss these guys were pretty
much always on a camera and I always
like positioned in the things you know
like got pretty good at it
I only get that I don't get to do this
you have to drive so we going grocery
shopping
cuz Charles is freaking hungry Ellie has
got the drive in yeah you gonna drive
the car then I'm gonna eat the food yeah
it's gonna be super delicious I'm a
super awesome rapper oh yeah yeah yeah
how is this how is this better than what
I just did Missy Elliott just wrapped
what I did it would go platinum this is
funny this is like every cartoon ever
like the giant carrots and then the
radish hits quick Bugs Bunny can't
exactly hide the fact that just on
campus pardon me sir what are you doing
what are you doing so if you think you
could do better at rapping
give me a rap okay give me a subject
dryer sheets dryer sheets yeah I've
given you the hardest subject they smell
nice and the shape like the square I put
him in the laundry with my underwear
they make all my clothes smell pretty
and nice they don't protect your head
from getting lice yeah you're actually
know what's funny is I think they
actually do protect from lice like if
you have I think if you actually get
lice you can use dryer sheets and rub
it's a real thing today's secret phrase
in the comments say if your team ally or
team Charles with the rapping who had
the best rap Ally's rapped about dryer
sheets or my rap what was my rap belt
like what did I even rap about
it was so bad I don't remember so I
can't do it wait I just did it Oh what I
could never do that
I can almost do it blow at the same time
so you try oh man
we wait
and worse yet sexy
with trippy
with chakra finale
