so I just woke up feel like complete
crap I need a boost much better
what are you doing getting your little
Sun camphor today yeah okay she's
barking at the chlorine filter that
obviously isn't working in our pool get
it though it was here I could not keep
her feet to the ground
all right where's Tori can I take today
oh hey hi bud
I just watched Tyson's eyes when I show
him the cookie tasting it Oh Cody is
yours
no stop begging what did she give you
she gave you ice water did you give him
ice water spoiled is this squeezes nose
it's like rubber you get a rubber nose
and then yours is like solid isn't it no
you're the super rubbery we know please
don't do it
please don't do it so you know everyone
get away you don't like sharing me can I
put this on your big head okay let's try
please dude take it off nice hat buddy
nice hat buddy I don't need a toy today
Shecky Greene the comedian I am gonna
tell Melissa I'm gonna tell her you're
such a good boy
see you cleaning the hot tub again yeah
well yeah come on fat fingers get in
there it didn't work got it oh god it's
coming out Marley it's all your fault
all right when you're done with that you
want to do that I give up on that
it just takes a little bit of enticing
this is the best part of the hot tub it
just comes apart like a bunch of like
Legos I wonder if you can like keep it
in and then kind of spray somebody with
it oh my god let's make a homemade
jetpack you're not allowed in the swamp
we're currently going to just swamp this
thing you get that side so annoying
instantly it's already working
no no swapping get the bubbles oh yeah
you're sick oh yeah
that's a sexy cool dance so what would
you do if I pushed you into that I think
if you fell in there we put that in
there you can't even see the end of it
if you fell in there you're gone this is
it yeah happy very very sad camper other
bubbles Zowie tiny bubble where'd the
bubbles my bubbles say cheese gee all
right now she's gonna clean the pool
we're gonna go have fun that's the
turtle what are you doing here okay I'll
save it turtle hold on okay let's go you
want to tell him can you guys tell them
faster come on don't get him
this is reminding me of Dave I think two
of the CTFxC vlogs where Zoey Marley I
waited Marley go say bye to your turtle
friend now I'm gonna go all the way back
home so I don't get like turtles
salmonella
hopefully the reptilian gods are now
pleased so I gotta work on those
Infineon lines I'm actually shooting a
video for the Charles Trippy channel
it's actually for a pretty cool project
I think it'll be live next Friday so
make sure you subscribe to YouTube
accomplish our Allah stripping links
down there how's it coming that's been
clean it's already blue alright so you
can get some props for the video that
I'm going to be shooting today what
dollar stores are the best best ones I
know she gets toys I know they deserve
it okay so I got a bid for Marley no
princess and then I got some bubble that
you're so excited just for a bit you
ready for dinner
how much for dinner Phoebe please the
thing about getting these dogs toys is
you got to get one for Zoey that has the
biggest eyeballs and Oh jump jump jump
jump
what yeah question three okay so he's
like I can't job okay raise your toy
might get ya
where's your toy what'd you do to it is
it already gone let me see let me see
hey no eyes all right I like it this way
now we can't see me all right
ready to shoot this video aren't you
girls put your game faces on look alive
quit getting distracted by squirrels so
you oh my god is that part of the video
this is a behind the scenes of the video
and how we gotta get Marley big speech
so many distractions normally this dog
you can't keep her from talking she
won't shut up you're being such a diva
I think you need to raise my pay I need
to have at least 14 more bones that ball
by the end of the day I'm not doing this
what is this your than a chemistry set
science set
pick up your tears on madam and I
challenge you to a duel the rules no
hitting below the belt oh okay we
actually play real sword fighting what's
it called like a lamp or whatever lost
your legs
well today was a little bit frustrating
Marley wasn't cooperating you know it
was funny of the zoo you were talking
more than she was so he was talking more
so since Marley was being a little diva
I have to kind of wake up early tomorrow
and try to do this all again that's the
secret phrase by the way diva Marley if
this is the first time watching videos
please click the subscribe button so you
watches every single day oh by the way
the the new way there King's single any
other way is now out right now right now
you can download on iTunes right now I
figure basically since you guys are so
awesome and you got just keep breathing
and find you there our last two singles
in the Billboard charts as well as like
the top ten on iTunes I figured you know
what let's do that again
I hope you guys like the song tell your
friends and all that fun stuff and yeah
let's get back on the charts guys what's
this I hope you guys like the releasing
new singles every other month or every
month we thought this would be a really
good idea and really fun until while
we're still mastering I'm still writing
for the new record so it's kind of like
our thank you to keep you guys always
happy so I'm gonna go that diva Marley
get some sleep oh and by the way there's
only a couple more days literally for
the the pre-orders for the new shirts if
you wanted those news shirt designs
please go get those now but I will see
you guys later
I've talked way too much I'm exhausted I
love you guys and I'll see you tomorrow
as always
we wait
worse yet sexy
giddy with just ripping
would be an ally
