when you wake up in the morning and your
pants are on backwards and you realize
that you're gonna be on time to do to do
they do that they're okay to skip the
intro intro number gist I was saying
every morning she just gets your gorilla
ball and just walks around with it are
you actually doing it now it's the
gallows okay I'm gonna go take this over
here and just look at it when one does
it the other must do it
oh boy what are you doing what are you
doing I'm gonna be completely honest
yesterday's video where the spider the
spider basically attacked me I don't
care what anyone says but I was making a
thumbnail and I'm not gonna lie even
making this thumbnail creeped me out
like I'm just googling images of spiders
and it's just freaking the crap out of
it like oh I didn't know that spider
existed that's good to know
do you guys remember I think we were in
was it London or sperm ik Birmingham and
I went to that random guitar shop and I
found that bass that I absolutely just
fell in love with but because of customs
and stuff I couldn't bring it home so
I'm gonna pick that up for the
Summerfest tour that's coming up in the
next by the way if you haven't gotten
your tickets links down there in the
description make sure to get your
tickets I think now four cities are sold
out so I want to make sure you guys get
your tickets and on Friday we're
releasing the new song any other way for
you guys for 69 cents on iTunes and we
have like three more days or two more
days for the pre-orders for the CTFxC
shirts remember after this pre-order
after this week we have to discontinue
some of the design so if there's a
design or a bunch of designs you want
make sure to just get them all now
remember if you get three or more you
get at an additional discount but oh
yeah look a lot of stuff lock it in
welcome I'll get a wearing they're both
so tired they both don't want to turn
around alright
can I pull it out how do you do it how
do you do it can I pull it out
I will drive it to Louisville out
already this guy's a jerk Anatomy
careful I don't need to be careful
there's a freaking computer whoo I
totally pulled that out so what do you
want to call this new base which we call
it honey burst cause it's honey burst
she got it woody what are we gonna then
we're gonna call it untitled have to pee
I'm so nervous I'm nervous what if it
sucks
I don't know high expectations but no I
really have to pee have been drinking a
lot of water cuz it's like 94 degrees
right now it's like all that rain and
stuff like that is completely gone now
94 degrees which is good I guess I can't
complain but when it's hot you drink a
lot of water when you a lot of RUP when
you pee you pee your pants
it sucked Tom DeLonge guitar all right
that's the babe that's Tom DeLonge
seafoam green base right something like
that it's not the same base I think he
would have you play Stratton but every
single time I used to come into the
guitar store that's a kid I was so
excited to see the Tom DeLonge guitar oh
my god okay you'll never lose that one I
always know where it is and also people
will always know where you are onstage
it's a pretty cool idea actually
come on Brian I can't take her anywhere
I just can't do it come on you put it
from the floor do it that's all the
queue and that's how you insert a Fender
bass yeah
stop hitting me like your trophies you
made fire
alright now let's go on to it let's go
see how loud this guitar is that's gonna
Rumble let's test it baby out we're
gonna play a game called guess which we
the King song this is who's that
hey yeah chop chop chop chop
song guess number two
what do you ready to go outside hang out
oh but you could you please bring this
out there I'm gonna bring yours hey good
job mark good talk
oh I'll take it good
your stick so we get your fucking stick
eat it up before I take it away so we
Marley do not poop there it is not your
freaking yard please do not poop right
there over there is good and there is
good it everywhere is else didn't even
have coffee today sky looks awesome like
cotton candy
you see that just dive-bomb me
you've made a giant bowl over there
that's making it really foamy
oh you want to go in jump in oh I don't
know so I got this a couple days ago and
I keep meaning to do this but I kept
forgetting to that was in my office but
I got a package from loot crate I don't
know if you guys have seen this on the
internet every once in a while
short story is basically every single
month they send you this package
consider this a care package they send
you this package and has goodies in it
like nerdy goodies like great not like
the candy but like it's but you I'll
show you I'm gonna open it because I
haven't opened this one yet but it's got
a bunch of like gadgets and gizmos and
like this all around nerdy stuff and
what they do is every month they send
you a package of nerdy nerdy stuff and
then you pretty much open it and you
bask in all the glory of the geek sounds
like a disease
and it shows you how to do an unboxing
video it gives you like tips that you've
never done an unboxing video actually
comes with a card to us here alright
this is why I'm addicted because
everytime everytime you open one of
these each month there's obviously
something different and each month
they're like variations so like if your
friend has one you might not get the
same stuff I got a one up what is this
no way little Mario coin candies it
feels like a uh when you're like playing
in a video game and you find like a box
or treasure chest and then what else we
got the Joker mini Krabby Patties whoops
to go it's gummy so look at this we're
at I was provided a good good moment oh
my God look at this don't panic and
remember your towel does anyone in the
comments please tell me what movie there
does that make it a little easier and
I'm just constantly going like this this
is awesome what is this sorry mom using
my teeth look snazzy what else is in
here $10 to pur Nintendo Magazine that's
pretty cool
oh did I just give you guys my number
damn it
oh yeah like every single month they'll
send you a different package that's
different
stuff actually want to open this and if
you actually go to Luke recom slash
CTFxC Bob is on the screen I think that
gives like three dollars off your first
month trying to do this because I
recommend doing is if you like nerdy
stuff little gadgets and stuff like that
loot crate that comes with CTFxC and
then when you're filling all the
information go and click on where it
says click apply for the coupon make
sure to write CTFxC otherwise you don't
get it actually let me show you locally
so you filled out all your information
and then right down there where it says
coupon code put CTFxC validate and i
think it gives you $3 off so make sure
to do this wait at home for yeah if you
guys are interested go check it out
links down there or in the description
and then you can try it out for that
discount of code I like this box this
box is sick keep eating these Cooper
there's no good tomorrow I'm gonna try
to shoot this video with your like
Marlene Zoey's little hat and for the
secret phrase it's not really secret
phrase but I want I want names
suggestions guys what do you want what
should we call this and please don't
forget to click the subscribe button if
you guys haven't already and yeah I will
see you guys tomorrow as always have a
great night bye guys
see what you did
waiter
yes
which are tripping
with trippy an alley
