good morning oh my god oh are you effing
serious is that real is that real I'm
like uh okay I'm just gonna hand over my
man card I hate spiders I don't care
is that gonna live oh god okay
okay deep breath it's not how I want to
wake up in the morning just I'm just
gonna simply do this and let Ali take
care of that oh I hate spiders hate him
so much
I hope this is not a sign of what
today's bring oh I hate spiders so much
okay don't judge me
here's the thing I hate him hate him so
much hit him so much but I'm still not
gonna kill it not gonna kill it don't
need that karma okay oh go go go okay
it's on the paper
now what can I bite through the paper
towel like honestly kind of oh my god
here again just take my man card on this
okay yeah I got it
spider q spider key spiky spider you
know what I'm blaming this on you
because you stepped on all those babies
now they're everywhere would you find
found an ant all right well it looks
like we got to call the pest control huh
that is one big yes yeah that was not a
way to wake up at all uh I don't like
spiders I don't know what it is I think
it's the fact that they're so small if
you're like going by you're like oh
that's a snake uh you see it you're like
I can avoid it
with a spider it's always like oh I'm
just enjoying life and bla bla bla
I'm eating a sandwich oh what's this a
spider drops down on my sandwich just
out of nowhere it's like a SWAT member
spider SWAT teammate okay you know what
actually this is for everybody tell me
which is creepier snakes or spiders
they're thunder going on for this man
like stop it you're supposed to protect
me Thunder buddy oh you scared so well
you're freaking out
no son of a come on we really need to
get his full surface every ice you throw
in shock in there throwing chlorine
green again advisable just put fish in
there an alligator and turn it into a
freakin swamp everyone's always saying
what a tracer knows why don't you put
this down why don't you do it now sure
I'll just write it now I'm lazy and this
was a convertible and I kind of button
oh my god I gotta get this do a
convertible so I have to go to the EEG
appointment where they tell me the
results of when I had that all those
wires on my head
we're all soaking wet this was a
terrible terrible idea heading over to
the doctor now aliens are always giving
me some gum because my breath stinks huh
I got to make sure when a doctor gives
me awesome news that he's not disgusted
good news is you're fine the bad news is
your breath Frank how long until Ally
gets a marley hair honor if the second
you get into cars like Marley here if
you know me personally you know that I
hate bubblegum just because of the fact
that it's like glass for like 10 seconds
eat it
put that input
now do you ever eat the gum the worst
gum of all time is like what does it be
is it the first rate yet the fruit
stripe version gonna like cut through
gums and your lips and your tongue and
everything and then after you bite into
it save for that one second because
after that flavor is gone skis it's not
just gone it's gone skis fingers crossed
should I tell him about all the
supernatural powers that those little
wires gave me I don't know if I should
tell the machine doesn't stop when you
let go of the button it takes a second
and it keeps like peeing into the cup
wasn't it like me a huge mask that's
what it was like it like trickled off
for you drinking fountain pee nice huh I
need to double my grade it's heavy yeah
very taxes I'm just like looking over at
that thing like open what's the point of
a popsicle stick is no popsicle on it
yeah I think actually it was pretty good
news a pretty successful I'll tell you
guys in a second when it's not so
freakin hot what I learned is that when
you have more than one seizure when you
have one seizure it's just kind of like
you had a seizure but if you have two
it's actually classified under as
epileptic
but it's not there's like variations
there's like a million in one variations
the good news is I can get off the
dilantin onto a new one it's like
vampire I'm gonna be like a vamp was was
it called vampire the vampire Pat so the
better cuz I can be on as I've taken
three times a day twice a day it has no
problems with the liver kidneys and
anything like that which is really
exciting that's right I was I was saving
that but that's exactly what it means
that means I can go back to normal and
beer I get to be a normal person oh
there we go
what's the other biggest news I can
drive well I can't drive for another few
months though they told you if you ever
had another seizure
you couldn't drive that's yeah that's
true I was scared about that in six
months I guess it's a state law this is
this is good news so we're gonna do a
collective high-five one two three
can you get a carrot faster than Ally
equal equal carrots three don't you have
a chance
uh-oh and she's done oh no you still
have it in your mouth oh that's
disgusting you like a good carrot please
the only thing that was a little bit
disconcerting was the nurse who was
taking my blood pressure I said my blood
pressure was a little little high
obviously when somebody tells you
something like that what's the first
thing you do you get more nervous and
you get more anxious and then you did it
again
oh yeah it's a little better but it's
still pretty hot you don't do that if
you're already freaking somebody's good
I don't like the doctors and so I'm
already really nervous guy I don't know
what the doctors gonna say but my
freaking noggin and that happened I know
what it is it's basically it's stress
because I'm the type of person that
takes down a little bit too much
sometimes and I just got to learn to
take deep breaths close your eyes and
I've told you guys this in the past and
you know you guys have given me a lot of
a lot of insight and a lot of tips I
guess you could say ultimately that's
all you could pretty much do is just
keep trying keep working every single
day and you make progress
who was the goofy guy the guy had the
flattop
he was like yep so that's gonna be my
mid-year resolution that's actually kind
of a cool idea
it's all in the comments right now let's
all make a mid-year resolution mid-year
screwed New Year it's gonna be a
mid-year
resolution because you already screwed
up on your new year's resolution this is
your take two so if you screwed up and
it was too hard for your New Year's one
just tweak it so it's a little easier
for your mid-year real Tokio does it
hurt it's always new favorite toy she'll
get it and she'll just walk with it in
her mouth no no it's on camera you finds
it and she holds it in her mouth and she
just walks with it she doesn't squeak it
she just walked around with it
we won't do it now I cannot pass this
could be like a puzzle do you think I
could do this just like a video game
yeah it's not work it's not gonna work
I'm gonna be making a new video on the
Charles Trippy channel I don't know if
you guys remember it was a couple years
ago I made one called like spoiled bitch
which was basically Marlee just being
completely sassy and telling me what to
do I figured I was gonna do a part two
to go get some supplies
you think this is prissy and I won't
figure it out whether this will oh yes
that is yep that is the tackiest thing
ever nope found something better
oh my gosh and hats but getting dressed
all right
buying a polka-dotted dress and a little
tiny hat for a small dog lost my man
card there too you already know what's
in there
you're not gonna like this part though
this is the part you're not gonna like
you really want to is that a toy you
like your hat how are they good hat for
you you you like your hat yeah I like it
now here's the stuff you want it yeah I
know really really no I'm not gonna give
you toy after that pick that up dude I
don't care if you have no thumbs you
shouldn't have knocked it down exactly
Zoey differences between Zoey and Marley
part I don't even know we're on right
now ready
Marley like squeaky stuff and then Zoey
likes bones that was your toy well
they're happy so I'm gonna wind down and
I'm actually gonna start editing this
I'm gonna watch a cheesy movie head to
bed if this is the first time ever
watching our videos please don't forget
to click the subscribe button so we can
grow put the CTFxC army but yeah in the
comments I want to know your mid-year
resolution like I was talking about
earlier
I'm just looking cuz I feel like there's
been a spider or a frog or a lizard man
or manbearpig like been a moment right
now okay bye guys
wait
worse
giddy with child tripping
working
it would be an ally don't forget Zoe
Harley
