don't kill him go don't go don't go
don't go don't go don't go don't go
don't go don't go to them to them good
morning guys so I am trying to watch the
I guess this is the WWDC Apple you know
the whole new iPhone iPad all the nerdy
stuff like that
but as always for some reason I'm always
jinxed and I can't get it to load ever
it's so funny because like over the
years I've watched these on these vlogs
that's five years and there's always
been problems I think I'm just like
jinxed nerd moment are you getting into
it now I love these keynotes they're so
awesome I thought of you guys let's drop
10 10 grand on the computer because
there's light sauce to show me where the
cables go now as part of the hardest
critic to dis way I know I know I know
tech people are watching this and
they're like he's saying all these other
amazing features and then he goes and
also when you turn it it lights up and
it was like oh it's true so you look at
your butt nope nope you guys need your
pillow out here with your pillow you
guys enjoying you know that saying when
people are like if somebody's got a
ghost of the Mondays and it's really
kind of obnoxious but really Kent Monday
it's kind of suck because you have but
like all the emails and all the phone
calls you got over the weekend that you
were like you know what I'm on the
weekend I don't want to I don't want to
do any work stuff I won't enjoy the
weekend but then Monday comes around and
then you're working constantly and then
you're over over doing yourself and then
Monday I think that is that why Mondays
suck you know what this means right
each candle yeah I'll take one of
everything as a matter of fact I might
just move in to the store because yeah I
just live here or you could you could
sleep you'd get ready it's I mean it
works perfectly there's some sure
there's running water somewhere in the
store it's fine you can you have your
pick of interchangeable showerheads and
you got your coffee all your curries are
here oh god oh god
okay well drop the camera yet remember
that chrome car that was in yesterday's
video you guys were telling me
apparently that was Justin Bieber
so I guess Justin Bieber drove by us
yesterday pretty I thought that was kind
of random okay
I tried to be strong mmm
couldn't do it I got to actually
downtown
this is probably what goes through
Marley's head okay you got a sniff this
and I got a sniff this again and then we
got sniff this again because there
forgot I sniff it then I got a pee on
this and then go back and sniff it and
then remember it was me and then I'll
sniff this and then I'll pee on it one
more time and then Zoey's gonna sniff it
and then she's gonna pee on it and then
I'm gonna pee on it again that's a
summary of what goes on the dog's head
she probably drink this drink it drink
what some water so drink the water a
good touch your tongue with it ah
thanks to make you yawn if you yawns
tell me in the comments be honest
hey guess what before I forget we're
releasing another single others Friday
sorry sometimes my brain works very
differently hey the best of all we're
keeping 69 cents up unless the glitches
and then goes down to 29 cents which is
even better for you do your best
oh we're looking at lighting and I'm
thanks I'm trying to find a light kit
for my fan I know I know and we also are
fixing my mom's disposal because it's
broken so we're fixing it
I feel very helpful right now like I'm
in a Depot that sells things for your
home I'm flashing back to when you guys
are kids yeah dinosaurs move it just
gonna challenge me yeah did you see come
on come on don't there we go yeah good
idea
they don't think okay ah
I hate this section because during the
day it's dinosaur Valley and then during
the evening it's like frog Valley either
I'm pissing off lizards or I'm pissing
off frogs anybody need a hammer do you
know we got you stuff huh okay so my man
Oh what yeah I got a cookie you just
said that okay we get it
you guys can talk here's your cookie you
guys haven't moved very far
Oh your new favorite thing is to just
sleep on magazines sounds happening this
kitty likes to sleep in a bag is that
the VidCon bag
she loves the VidCon bag oh yeah don't
step on the giant mushroom good jump
good yeah look at these mushrooms
freaking huge the banana tree keeps
trying to grow back actually I wanted to
show you guys something the guy who runs
CTFxC enters on Twitter made this
lithograph of all the cool things of the
CTFxC channel over the past five years
and I'm just gonna show you guys on the
screen now and and if you want to
download for later will be on our
Facebook just gonna I'm gonna let it
scroll up I thought it was amazing I was
like looking at and it was like wait
this is crazy
and I mean I just met you so here's my
number call me maybe and I was just
blown away that all the data he was able
to collect and well further ado I give
you the lithograph there you go
any day now come take
pretty freakin crazy right and for all
those that always asking how many
cameras I've gone through I guess hi
I've gone through roughly 17 as of now
oh look at those eyes
look at that face you guys want to see
what a happy dog looks like I threw a
rock and she thought I was a fish she
didn't see me throw it let's see if I
can throw another one okay that's yeah
most adorable thing I've seen in a long
time you know I was just thinking after
this entire year of like six months and
six months of not being allowed to drive
I'm coming to the realization that I'm
way better like I'm doing quick
maneuvers than golf cart
than I ever will be a like an actual car
so I'm preparing to make the greatest
sandwich of all time prepare yourself
all time got your focaccia bread don't
know where I put I'll put over here
gotta get your chicken yeah get your
tomatoes okay get your onions red onions
because those are baller did I just say
ball jalapenos got some pickles okay we
got the pickles here get the vegenaise
cuz that's you know it's better than
healthier than mayonnaise
it's your honey mustard okay 100 spinach
I'm telling you guys you're gonna taste
this you're just like I was not living
until now a crucial step is always to
make sure Marley doesn't get in the
trash not too much hot sauce but not too
little almost done almost you yeah you
waiting did you just wink at me and what
oh look oh my god if I would have
dropped that I would be so pissed the
greatest sandwich ever created oh yeah
great sandwich all-time right rude
almost dropped yet so that is how to
make the best sandwich in the world your
well okay trying to open up this channel
where tomorrow actually said I go back
to the doctor where I have the EEG I'm
gonna get all the results to be honest
I'm incredibly nervous hoping for
amazing news maybe I can drive soon and
all that fun stuff so that's happening
tomorrow so I'm gonna jump in the shower
wake up early and then go to that and so
this is the first time watching the
videos please don't forget to click the
subscribe button so you can watch every
single day and yeah I'll see you guys
tomorrow don't forget the check out I
think we have like four or five more
days on the pre-order for the new shirts
links down there there in the
description but yeah I hope you guys
have a great day so I just use my feet
for that monkeytoes have a great night
and I'll see you tomorrow as always
were sexy
giddy with y'all trippin
to everything I read don't forget so
anymore
