good morning guys this is where I find
Justin eating a bagel cracking a safe I
think I got it
try three try three well we just ran
through a building oh now we're back on
the road it's all good guys so we're
back here today it's called a jet evader
it's basically a water jet pack that's
yep what are you doing with a broom Oh
oh you peed oh we left a stream oh he'll
be okay he'll get out okay just pick
them up pick them up oh no no no so you
know you're making a mistake here you
got to come from the other side wait can
I just pick that up this is my mom
instead it is picking up I'm she's gonna
do everything she can to not touch it he
jumps on me I'm gonna scream don't go go
quickly quickly go go go go and we're
good public restrooms
so I don't know what what it is about
public restrooms and people's inability
to like you know flush the toilet when
they they poop people don't really want
to see people's poop ladies do you like
that you want an iPad and you're not
getting it out you actually cut it down
No a long time ago on the Charles Trippy
channel I made a video when I was
working in the movie theater where I got
in there and I got trapped in a claw
machine if you guys haven't seen it go
to youtube.com slash aural stripping my
other channel if you haven't subscribed
please do and look up trapped in a claw
machine yeah so while the boys are
enjoying sunshine and relaxing on a boat
and doing jetski stuff or god knows what
they're doing which I'm sure is awesome
my mom and I are doing some riveting
shopping for stuff that we need to clean
the house in the rain has been a
disaster in our house lately we've been
traveling and doing all this other crap
so I've got piles of hair in corners of
my house out of which I could probably
construct another animal so I should
definitely definitely leave so nasty
it's so cute little baby bird I like how
it moves like it's glitching all the
time it's like it's constantly was
listening to dubstep
the crucial arguments do you want Pinker
do you want blue well you already got
blue as long as it tastes like blue hey
big old fish
goodbye a big old fish hello there bear
with mittens little cute puppy
do you think you'll match your hair no
but don't touch
I'm so happy I'm seeing these instead of
Angry Bird toys
redeemed after all the months of seeing
Angry Birds were you a Mario fan or a
Luigi fan who did you always play tell
me in the comments I can't start it with
one hand hold on I got it where'd you go
the other way you're backwards I'd go
like that yeah
go that way try it sorry
this is Joey from Saudi Arabia and I
just want we're walking around and I
just wanted to put him in the vlog once
there hi that's crazy you see tf-x ears
are literally litter literally
everywhere in the world it's amazing
that's the arena where the final four
tonight right this is Wimbledon right is
this is this the World Series right the
World Series is supposed to be here
tonight right here
so congratulations or I'm sorry dick
I'll be honest I don't watch basketball
we're currently waiting for the jet pack
people to show up but they are
completely late it's kind of kind of
frustrating I'm gonna be really honest
with you if they cancel I'm going to be
incredibly incredibly of disappointed
and got a pissed off be honest so
fingers crossed
yeah way better way better hey oh whoa
another fighting alright yeah wait
that's not funny they got a little too
inappropriate I have to stop going you
gotta keep your shoes on sir she oh
she's off okay yes I'm sorry
we'll just we'll just keep you in there
another hey guys how's it gone have a
good day this is what we do is going to
stores and your fever sessions
dogs got some sunglasses look at the
excitement on his face
and we'll check back in ten minutes this
cat is losing her damn mind
she's been just digging in the water
bowl for the last ten minutes
swinging water everywhere looks like I
cannot cross the fingers because this
company is completely flaking out like a
bunch of rude people so Zachary for all
so the day isn't wasted the day is not
wasted but don't worry
oh no that's that well you can do it
you're the drummer Cheers
there we go oh it's a bummer
we're gonna eat that you know that right
don't judge me it's not a girly drink
all right we're gonna go check out South
Beach we actually never been there so so
Cheers we're trying to get a spot so we
can go walk South Beach and pretty much
Justin as being the authority what is
that as a chrome car that is in the same
recognize des with a nice swing in where
to be authority of the guy was sneaking
up and then just lay that down no well
unfortunately everything kind of fell
through with the jetovator the company
it sucks when somebody like he's this
flaky and things like that I'm not gonna
tell you guys the name of the company
but if you want to look it could be in
the video description
and you could try to avoid it with all
your might but so we all decided to go
to South Beach right now and just play
some frisbee and just you know make the
best of it because this is still pretty
awesome amazing day no more goodbye
Miami Beach yeah we got a fight going on
oh he's Raina oh oh well well that's not
a good day for him I am back for my
mancation medication you miss me yeah I
was dying laughing at you flying off
that tube Oh Devon grab us go say bye
oh please Riley I'm at the bed what are
you doing under there let me go home oh
there we go
there's Marly it's a Marly hi you ready
to go home
Oh
whoo what is up with your ears oh oh
she's like please put that away this is
not a happy home with a vacuum out
please put it away please please please
please
what tell him what you found rape there
it was just stuck to the door like that
just right they don't know how it
happened because we looked everywhere
it's like one of those things when you
have the thing in your hand like where
is it I'm so sorry what happened today
happened it's it was out of our control
and we were really looking for I know
it's the company's foot well it doesn't
matter I'm gonna try to find something
I'm gonna make it up to you guys but the
bottom line is I'm home 1,500 days in
the bag and that's really you know
something to be pretty happy about this
is first time watching our videos please
don't forget that I click the subscribe
button so you can watch this every
single day and and before I forgot I
almost forgot you guys have a couple
more days I think 4 or 5 more days to
get the new t-shirts with the discount
and the mega discount if you get three
or more t-shirts oh yeah CTFxC merch
calm I can't wait to see those on tour
so we'll check those out don't forget to
subscribe and you know secret phrase
today is screw flaky people
what you did
yes
get it with child trippy
ple don't forget
