heading to Miami today first we got to
do live check it out
is it a gorgeous day today finally oh my
voice is all raspy oh that sudden oh
it's girlfriend yeah you're doing is
your pillow you can lounge up here you
looking for squirrel friend that way
it's pretty gnarly Travolta going on
right now should be my new style that's
Fonz there I'll bring you home a stick
is that cool so this weekend Danny
myself Justin and Dennis are going down
to meet up with the Mighty Thor and John
a couple other people we're kind of
having a am it a man weekend a man of
venture it's definitely not a mandate no
matter what you say it's not a giant
mandate but yeah all the guys are gonna
go down there we're gonna go do this the
secret adventure you have you guys
guessed yet if you guys guessed in the
comments no but basically it's it's no
bitches allowed I'm serious like them
like this there's no no I wasn't what I
was I was talking about the dogs they
can't go there female dogs that's what
it's called it's politically correct
let's google it you don't believe me did
you do that as a kid well you're always
peeing up you're peeing on top of plants
now I remember when I was a little I
don't know if you guys did this like
when you realized that like damn was
like a dam or bitch was a female dog
when would you say be like no it's not a
cuss word it's a female dog or no it's
actually something that stops water
there's random stupid things I used to
say or do but I pretty confident the
only one be honest one of my favorites I
don't know if I actually told you it was
we were on a car trip my family and
Melissa and we were doing the banana
fanna game and I made my sister do it
with a trucker it's do it in your head
before you do it in front of anyone
my parents were put like it's just like
I just walked through spiderweb
okay okay that's such Oh guys getting
hot how about you how are you doing it's
a complete 180 from yesterday so are you
gonna miss me
why I go on demand venture I'm gonna
miss you but I think it's gonna be fun
honestly there's a part of me that's
like glad that I don't not I'm not doing
cuz I don't want to die
alli is really scared like she'd be okay
no I don't think so I think I'd probably
break my neck why on earth are you
wearing a sweater that's really thin
it's a sweater you know how it's Florida
right now you're wearing a sweater with
its florida outside do you not know that
thank you find it I have a light
basically instead of my socks being
eaten my dryer or washer ate my credit
card you see it yeah better eyes than I
do see I told you dog face you'd want me
to bring that home my stick greatest
stick ever greatest together is why you
both are awesome sharing is caring
it's big enough for both of you it's
like not this my end I want this end we
got another one I know birds are more
closely that like related then lizards
are two dinosaurs but could you imagine
like dinosaur like something like I
don't know the size of an elephant
trying to eat you Marley look what is it
no no this think he's blaming me come on
bring me the mail okay no no you knew
that was gonna happen I asked her nicely
not to do this that poor bird she
ignored me this is a pretty good stick
but this one will work she's motivating
you
Poole you could do it you could do it
where's the siren Marley is gone
there's Marley we're gonna play a game
find Marley
you found Marley just peek around the
clear liquid tiffany more leverage for
you you can do it you just squeeze it so
it's one of these squeeze our thing
no no no it's cheating do it one-handed
wait that's in my mouth in here hold it
closed no no you don't want to see where
I play this way oh my god that's
impossible it's impossible and also oh
yeah I think so
there we go okay
that's no you're cheating you do it I
can't Ally just squeeze it
I can't even gonna call you a
technicality so I will oh oh you guys
were using document stronger all right
is it gone - ah you got it for a little
bit Helen can you do it I I don't even
think I closed it that's pretty much it
well you're also laughing I know you're
laughing sorry you can't you like you
know when you laugh and your whole body
just goes to Lambeau you can all right
you're gonna have a girls weekend don't
kill anyone driving by I love you nice
coffee with cream and sugar it's not a
road trip so we get some coffee I think
this is a sign of the weekend to come we
were just given two free coffees don't
blink this is the recreation area okay I
gotta take a deuce well welcome to the
bathroom right there anyone want a shoe
I want to do that so this is the Florida
Everglades
you guys have never run out that's a
yellow job if you've ever read about it
for all the alligators and giant snakes
and things like that that I do not want
to be around so we just piled in so
traditionally we always do a bed test
but we got this thing does anyone wanna
anyone want to try the bed test on this
one you're gonna try it do I want out on
that one so before I forget I wanted to
let you guys know that the new t-shirts
and the new tank tops are on sale right
now and all the other shirts are back in
stock for pre-order on top of that we're
having a discounted price for this whole
week for the pre-orders on top of the
hat all the shirts are on sale and all
the shirts are available and then on top
of that on top of that we're doing a
special thing because we wanted to do
something extra for you guys for being
so supportive last couple months and I
open the CTFxC grow as much as that
actually has been in last couple months
if you buy three or more shirts I have
to be three different shirts you can get
an extra I think it's like 10% off the
total so it's like super everything's
discounted so the only catch is that we
can't have all these shirts in stock all
the time so if you go there and you see
a shirt color that you really really
like or a design you really like please
get them this week because after this
week we can only keep the top ones
permanently just go to CTFxC merch calm
like I said all the shirts all the tank
tops are on sale for one week and yeah
and then if you get three or more you
get an extra bonus okay I got to really
go in because now this is the third
security guy just kind of walking have
you seen him just walking behind me
Oh what's going on is it because I just
hit that button oh maybe I hit that
button is that the alarm hey Charles is
here that's the alarm you can't you
can't shut up but yeah just keep hitting
it Danny maybe we're just gonna see how
long it takes Danny to realize we didn't
walk out there with he'll learn all
right step one what are we doing knob
okay random only in Florida I feel like
I need 15 napkins just to grab this
right now so good fresh Cuban bread
good Charles 80 right now alright guys
well I got to go to sleep because
tomorrow is gonna be a long day we're
gonna go do some like trampolines and
maybe jet skis and all this fun stuff
this is first time ever watching our
videos please don't forget to click a
little subscribe button and don't forget
to check out CTFxC merch calm cuz all
the new shirts are on sale for one week
and get it for the the low price and
then you can get all the new colors and
stuff like that and then they'll be gone
so yeah alright guys tomorrow twelves me
awesome
were say psst
giddy with child tripping
with Sharpie
