good morning guys first off yes gotta
get like this second off that was the
shortest of four or five plates we have
to get on to go home we just got the
Sydney or on our way all right
and fun figure Travis Tritt how do we
get a rap I'm pretty sure everything is
very super restricted you can't Google
anything everything's blocked I think
you're just doing the same thing over
and over again d
this gives the internet free doesn't
mean it's good I can't believe I just
said that here in Sydney just like when
we came over here we have like a shoot
how long is this way over oh I only have
a couple more hours so it's not too bad
we have this and then I already told you
all the flights that we have to do but
it's going to be fun so I'm gonna go try
to kill some time find something to do
because I can't just sit there game
console
so by the afternoon internet happy
Saturday if you guys watch the video you
know that there were some crazy mix ups
obviously I you know filmed on my side
but it's so important to Charles to be a
part of the vlog whether it's showing
him somehow being affiliated with it
because of his world record and he's so
afraid like if he's not a part of it
that it's going to go away and obviously
flying back from Australia and flying
across country and literally jumping
through time zones and all these
different things he got mixed up he had
so mixed up with the dates and the times
and he forgot to film and so he did a
one take at 11:30 at night last night to
ensure that he got something up for the
vlog he was really really scared and
really devastated I had to reassure him
though that I did film and that it was
gonna be okay and that we were gonna
make it work on you guys were gonna be
super understanding but he was still
determined he's like I don't care I have
to be a part of this I have to get
something up just so that they know that
I have not forgotten about them and I
think that's his biggest thing is that
he doesn't want you guys to think that
he forgot about you thank you guys so
much for everything and thank you for
you know just being so kind to him and
giving him so much you know motivation
to keep going because I think that in a
moment like that where he's just in such
panic he's like I just oh maybe this is
a sign or something or maybe I should
just like take a step back but it means
too much to him and you guys need too
much to him so we got it up everything
went well you know us even even if
there's no reception we have to drive
you know three states we're gonna drive
three states to get reception
no but vlog is up hope you guys enjoyed
it and Kieko sack tonight I'm super
excited he's gonna be so tired I can
already tell he's not sure what time it
is cuz he's kind of still in Australia
time which when technically right now be
his time to sleep so he's exhausted so I
think I'm going to
lay off because it's really beautiful
and have the dogs outside for a little
bit and yeah then Charles comes home so
excited
I think the pups are too but I gotta
clean - I gotta clean a little bit I
don't want to come home to a dirty house
there's a freaking fire in this one it's
all you all right this is all me
hopefully but somehow I
we just replace the toys and actually go
Ziggler thanks in higher road
thank you thank you for the dress
the usual suspects have Union men Danny
still has yet to come through so we have
to see his alright so we just left
summer okay so let me see your car car
in Chicago family members who validate
area identification really cold right
now we went from summer down down in
Australia back to winter and it actually
feels in place for Casey on the other
hand I'm not gonna be happy I'm not
happy because they lost my suitcase I
just have actually argued my ticket back
reservation so I almost got stuck in LA
however since there's an international
play my bags they do this is an extra
process so I got another two hours at
the airport like it but I actually
planned
very fun
yeah we were just talking about how he
actually do slip on a banana peel
I always thought some urban legends
right that's why I'm Mario Cart that's
all I think only don't drive a car get a
golf cart next time we go golf cars like
a grand grey just throw banana peels out
remember that remind me I'm gonna do
that yes please right here oh my god it
really is sorry you're gonna are you
gonna relax with me is that what's going
on are you gonna lay with me you can
like you it's okay here dry at the
bouncy out by scratching the other side
all right yeah we are you balanced no
better balanced it's a little bright it
feels so nice to like lay outside and
it's not all gloomy it's so beautiful
today I just love it it's like it's so
funny because I feel like I always want
the cold weather but then I miss the
warm weather so much and this is like
the perfect warm weather where it's like
the very very low 80s and it's just so
beautiful outside so beautiful the pups
love being out here they left being out
in the yard so this is really nice just
to get a little bit of vitamin DS
I'm so incredibly excited I am
mom I gotta go pick up Charles he's a
little tired and a little frustrated
unfortunately they lost his back and
they have no idea like when I say no
idea I mean absolutely no idea where it
is so Delta Delta Delta so I'm gonna try
and cheer him up hopefully he will want
to be cheered up because at this point I
think he might honestly think he might
just want to go to bed and I don't blame
him and I met all but time and just like
that in a matter of edits I am back home
and say Pete I technically I'm in Tampa
let me figure this out give six hours
that we had six hour layover / 12 and
then we had a flight that was 15 hours
and then and where was that la I had
another six hour flight so it's 27 and
then in LA I had a
all about layover
so just 33 hours then I just had a four
or five hour flight so that's our Oh 37
hours of travel okay I am ready to just
fall asleep I'm just ready I'm just
happy to be home right now I'm not quite
home yet
Ali's gonna pick me up because I have to
go deal with all the whole luggage thing
beans
my bags I might I say it's somewhere in
the world but literally somewhere in the
world between Sydney Australia and Tampa
Florida if it comes back I'm gonna be
really really surprised if it doesn't
whatever and he's dead sorry I was gonna
build picking him up but honestly we
were getting rushed out of the way we
had to get everything into the car and
he anyways we're home beat them
happy you hanging out look at that
tongue what you guys just misses that
she did actually run to him Oh looking
really good
they're also happy you happy to be home
this is the fun part
just like packing the unpacking is well
here's here's actually positive I guess
in the grand scheme I only had to pick
up three pieces of luggage and luggage
that luggage lug I thought I was gonna
have to do four which was then really
cumbersome snack says hi but that means
I don't have to unpack any suitcases or
clothes or anything like that so all I
have to do is unpack my switch my
computer and just various cables I want
to be able to film in one day but like
this is what my backpack kinda looks
like as far as cable wise cuz when they
go through security I was like the look
at it because you know you can see
everything inside it and for some reason
everyone else gets through and they have
to always do the inverted colors like 40
times the line they're like 1 2 3 and
they just keep going through it most of
the time they have to like inspect it
anyway but I see why because it's pretty
ridiculous all the stuff that I have to
have in here I got the drone which thank
God I was actually considering putting
in my check bag which would have been
the stupidest thing I possibly could
have done and I'm so glad I used my
brain I was just kind of I was out of it
obviously I was packing so I'm glad my
brain functioned a little bit and my
medications in my bag which is a
no-brainer get it because it's for my
brain I'm home
everyone's happy it's always so funny
because it's always so low-key until I
come back from a long trip and then she
gets super hyper diesel passed out he
couldn't care less right dee diesel yeah
it's faint interested I'm home pretend
like I'm cool okay what is wrong with
your face
yeah Rica actually came to me which is
kind of cute than what I scared her
Marley
speaking of which mom are there she is
don't walk on the cat come on I found
her
so just like consular all this was in
that bag on my back
destroying my back now to put this away
before Ali murders me oh by the way this
made it home safely I put in my guitar
case which was a brilliant idea
I think Duncan came up with it but by
the way poor Duncan he went through hell
and back on this tour we have to have
things something called a carne which is
a way to declare that you did not buy
gear or equipment in a country and
you're trying to import it back you have
to say like this is the stuff I'm
bringing in this is stuff and bringing
out and apparently no country knows how
to operate this thing like poor Duncan
he went through hours of setting this
whole thing up it was it a beautiful
binder and everything and we brought it
into like New Zealand they're like I
don't know what a Carney is like I'm not
even kidding
we bought it to Auckland they had no
idea what a carne was so we had to
explain it to them and that's why it
took so long for a lot of these things
so a lot of the videos where you see
it's like going crazy at the airport
it's because of things like that little
things on top of the traveling in
exhaustion I'm not gonna complain though
cuz I'm home I made it home safely took
a long time but I don't care I'm home
now and I'm happy
