do you send something more as you can
tell the wind is starting to pick up as
we near the less than 24 hour mark oh by
the way good morning guys this is the
first time ever get that so wordy right
so a and B are now evacuated everybody
knows those are all homes in mobile
homes a matter where always evacuate him
yeah good news level three but solid
Supercross doesn't matter but almost
over category so terrified we got some
little hurricane hacks we got to do
before everything closes you know what
that were just reminded me of you know
like though that like siren noise for
like war and bombs like take the nuke
and stuff this feels like the modern-day
version of that alarm everyone has a
cell phone
we're not everyone but most people not
everyone gets it I guess apparently I'm
gonna be safe no I got it goes through
different hearing things that might
become a13 here 77 so that makes sense
it's so chaotic they had to get some
cops to make sure people don't keep
coming inside look what we found on the
road looks like we just adopted a cat oh
no we have five dogs and a kitten we
have a cat food now alright remember
sleeping to find you your family cat a
soda I don't like cats but I can't
spring adorable blue eyes and everything
I went back to see if didn't find maybe
his mom or any of the other kittens
because he was running across right here
I just hope he's not another person's
cat but like he was literally in the
middle of the road I'm really sure how
to find a cat
yeah maybe just staring at me and he was
frightened terrified he's running around
like a squirrel wonderfully should go
back to that I already looked you
couldn't find anything you sure you
don't want a kitty cat
sure woman up there you don't see no
there we go you know this reminds me of
a little rescue those ducks these two
are so interested right now not so much
you you don't really care
see diesel grew up with cats so I think
he understands what's kind of going on
Zoe on the other hand not so much yeah
so I think little by little they need to
see art mr. d you're first
oh that's so cute Marv you want C to D
the heavy calmer
you're not very calm so we're still
toying with the idea of putting stuff up
but we're noticing here let me just show
you guys how thick this glass is for
example that's how I don't love you okay
so that's that and this is kind of this
is double pane so insulated you hear the
difference so these are think I'll be
okay these might be the ones that we
need to worry about but I'm not even
sure because of the awning today is
crunch time so I already explained
yesterday this is too late to leave we
can't leave the traffic's so bad there's
so many accidents now so manly baby
you're doing so good
cutting that wood good job sure does
okay they've both chosen their pieces of
grass that we need to we're cutting some
grass out of our yard which is very very
sad because it took us so long to do
this and putting it in here so that they
don't have to go out in 180 mile per
hour wind or whatever whatever it will
be why don't you get a real shovel that
wind is picking up I kind of feel like
we should just put the grass on top of
this so that way they just walk out
that's the point
this will be the grass that saves our
puppies from going outside see this is
where your harness would come in to us
if we could just put them out there and
they just fly up like tight that's not
true I would never ever do that's my dog
hey Marley don't roll in poop you're not
getting another bath there I'm gonna
save him I'm all about saving animals
today Odie you finally got the wrath of
my uh your good girl that's gonna baby I
don't want to stop where they're so cute
okay
all right oh my god she's moving up all
the grass we need that you're really
doing that okay that's good come here
you're so good I appreciate all your
help
good job babe whew oh my keys jeez let's
get out of there okay one patch of grass
down oh she's got a worm I know I know
babe
high-five air high-five think this has
been the car I got but look at where I
put all my pillows I guess I didn't get
all the grass out we've lived here I
mean how many times what are you digging
for we just gave you a bath no more come
on Zoey I think we're gonna have to get
you your own separate pool just so you
could roll around in grass he's no way
to live I think we're gonna need yeah I
think so too
this image has been getting retweeted a
bunch of times and I don't know if I
this is real or not I'm just gonna show
you because if it is real this is one of
those like Simpson's predicted thing but
it's not The Simpsons
hold on I'll show you can anyone confirm
if this is actually from the movie if so
that is creepy one thing we have not
done yet and I know we have to do it
right now so I'm gonna just go around
the house is you have to take photos out
my Oh mr. dug the hole I'll just rolled
my ankle that wasn't great hospitals are
closed
let's take photos of the house and
things around the house and inside the
house so we can prove to insurance
companies that you had them kind of a
long process but I guess she had I have
to do that yeah we were feeding him any
fill until the milk both Diesel's so
curious you guys down he's he's not used
to you yet you got to get back crazy
it's a hurricane I gotta get the house
prepped for everybody we asked the
neighbors oh sure we can look who do
that little kittens got got it made how
many rat toys does it have
their initial ticket what should we name
I don't know yeah
what are you I don't play a girl do you
have a wiener
I don't see one down there you think the
ball is having drops got enough I'm not
sure to me I thought cats were the same
as dogs I get eight to ten weeks so I
got a really nurse her she talks to
using a syringe like a little take a
little dropper but it's all that we have
to take a little dropper and then ladies
for I see video actually no she talks to
use like a servant like a little take a
little dropper but it's all that we have
to take a little dropper and then ladies
for I see buddy URL actually and can't
get many hard food yet but we're talking
the tourist bomb a little bit and trying
to figure out what to do
she is a cat
I can't blow your thumb this kitten just
before the hurricane it's kind of crazy
isn't it kind of shows that we should
have glad we didn't leave yeah save a
life sound like a lawnmower
I think she's finally comfortable she
was pretty frantic earlier but she's
better maybe we'll call it enough no
fish gotta have a pretty strong name
oh my god mom you can get her catnip all
the time actually Internet you're so
smart about everything else if you find
in the Bandon cat and it's just small
what are we doing everything we should
be doing other than this the hurricane
passes take it to a vet but right now
everything is closed we have to just
kind of Google and YouTube stuff baby
how much you feed them
Oh looky you have a milk mustache oh
he's got on your face get rid of things
that's we need a heating pad but a lot
of things on top of it okay so how many
weeks do things is how many ounces only
ounces
how big is she yeah god I couldn't tell
you she's little okay so I mean look at
my hand compared to her no spiders you
won't play in the Internet look
be on the internet no time the cat keeps
wanting to play with Marley no that is
not your milk what to do right now
things always in love she keeps doing
her little happy grunt yeah so we got
them a little heating pad and put it on
low underneath because it found out
these little guys can't generate any
Heat
and if you get really good maybe he can
just snuggle up next to you there she we
still mono again after talking to Ali's
dad and checking up the serial numbers
of the hurricane resistant hurricane
proof windows and I showed you guys how
hard they are I just feel like it's not
gonna benefit anything and I feel like
I'm just gonna create some sort of what
what did you see I just feel like I'm
gonna create some sort of more debris
he's the idiot
it's honestly that's kind of like the
last thing we want is to create some
more debris they go flying everywhere
but I also got to set up our neighbor
you know every time something goes wrong
with our neighborhood his generator goes
on they went to Orlando and they were
like oh yeah I just plug into the
generator so I got to go set that up
hopefully we don't need to have to use
that thing or anything like that but in
the off chance I'll be able to charge
you know the computer to edit the video
hopefully the cell phone will be fine
and that way you can just upload it
I got enough camera batteries to last a
week all charged I feel like we're still
set as far as I know stupid for me to
even think about it but the vlog and
making sure I upload it and we share
this crazy experience together cuz we're
going through it but vicariously you
guys are as well and I feel like we're
pretty set actually I'm very confident
that we're good well you you confident
you like that cat is your friend we're
still using be into it he's the biggest
abb scatterbrained and he's still big he
just thinks he's a puppy so again make
sure he doesn't crush that thing is like
nine ten ounces sweet so our neighbor
let us plugins just as a precaution so
we at least have fans going on because
with how many people are coming over
here so many people way too many people
we need at least have some sort of
circulation with the air can't just go
open up a window
it could be fun man it's definitely
picking up not gonna lie it wasn't
nervous this entire time but I'm getting
a little nervous I know we're fortified
but still this is not the cutest thing
you've ever seen in your entire life
breaker breaker one-niner so we just got
these walkie-talkies so we can talk to
Melissa and we're testing them out
parently they go 35 miles I'm so gonna
bite you come on walkie talkie you can
do it breaker breaker is that me or was
that you you try a different station or
a different channel huh so I think we're
doing a pretty good job like I am NOT a
fan of this camera I think we're doing
everything right she loves char I got a
buddy I never thought I would have a cat
buddy we got to come up with a name we
just keep calling it cat and it's
serious crunch time right now what I
think we're okay you can check the
windows and the windows that we need to
board it up we board it up and protected
actually this is pretty cool
got this for the dogs now hopefully they
use it it's basically a dog litter box
we tried to pick up the sound stupid we
pick up the grass the dogs roll in the
most so hopefully they associate that I
think it actually might work the
Internet's a bunch of geniuses look at
us they're actually working what she's
like sitting on it
countdown begins right now and show you
guys one last time the little dude or
dudette we don't know what she is or he
um oh hi hi okay we're gonna do lolcat
yeah okay you're gonna fit in very
nicely in this house
yeah well see ya tomorrow
I think things are starting to get a
little crazy my little cat I think we're
ready I hope we're ready we've done
everything we possibly could at this
point now it's just hope
pretty things died down and it's not as
bad as we anticipate it's gone from a 5
to a 3 hopefully when it crosses the the
Atlantic or whatever that like this is
called the ocean what what is it so the
water between Cuba and Florida whatever
that's called I know it's called
something hopefully it doesn't pick up
too much over there and we can just kind
of batten down the hatches because this
is the first direct hit hurricane that
I've ever been in I've always
they've always come rarely like really
really super close and so when people
are like oh Florida you know you have a
lot of hurricanes there and I'll be like
yeah knock on wood never been in one
apparently I didn't knock on real wood
make sure to follow Allie on snapchat
and Instagram we're gonna try to do as
much as we possibly can throughout the
storm you know safety first obviously
but that way we can keep you guys
informed that we're okay and all that
fun stuff so I'll put all that
information in the description I will
see you guys tomorrow don't forget to
subscribe bye guys beside thing try to
think of a name for the little kitty
because we can't think of one what's
calling Google that's actually kind of a
cool name
