whoa today is kind of crappy this is a
lot closer like uh morning guys
so today we have the basically in
Florida we have what's called a tropical
storm it's kind of like what they are
like we're all actually precious staying
it's like a pre not really a hurricane
but it can turn sometimes into a
hurricane and often with the tropical
storms and stuff like that there comes
tornadoes and we've just been getting a
lot of tornado warnings right now which
is pretty frightening so I'm just trying
to keep a an ear because I think it
sounds like a freight train is what
people say very gloomy right now this is
the this is the freaky part right now
cuz it's been like really really really
windy and then all of a sudden it just
calms down and it's got like this eerie
quiet and calmness I had to go down
really quick to go make sure our parents
we're ok cuz they're not feeling too
good right now still cuz they got the
face off food poisoning
up your now picking up again should
probably go inside okay
you stay there until mommy gets back I'm
in charge not you
okay lick your finger it's cool because
here's the thing too like I never really
thought well I got a hold on some
serious okay serious face girls cuz I I
have to find okay I gotta be serious
serious time so in serious okay I don't
know hold on I apologize that was very
immature but hilarious at the same time
so I'm trying to think of places
hopefully this isn't the situation if a
tornado does come I don't know where we
go because I know you supposed to get
sheltered with the this room be good
this won't be good because there's like
no windows that's just the office so
this is like inside the house
and we go in the shower or do we go in
the closet so you want to go in the
closet or do you want to go in the
shower
I hope Elly's not on the road right now
because that's gonna be scarier or we
just go in one of the closets I got it I
got to show you Marley's face but it's
pretty good this is your safe spot this
is okay yeah one eye so you can look
okay how's it looking down there Zoe
where's the oh there's a little yellow
right there but we're in the red so look
who is it oh yeah oh did he take your
snake give me him we have a sting on his
knee Marley's the referee playing
favorites don't do that I know that I
used to it we do it you don't do this
for any other dog but Tyson look at this
so please pay attention to me have you
ever seen her do that on any other dog
except Tyson what yeah every time they
come over they get the takeout toy home
okay that was Coby nice thing over here
nice to pick a toy no it was like I will
take this one and this one and this one
I'll take this one along with that see
how it's all like nice and clear right
here and then it's all condensed then
it's completely clear over here I was
just making a quick lunge and I grabbed
the peanut butter and I was like oh you
know what I want to know what's in the
peanut butter right contains peanuts I
mean I don't know about you but when I
grab peanut butter I'm expecting it to
have it like do we really live in a
world to where like peanut butter has a
list that it has peanuts it's just not
able to wrap my head around this one
like I understand they do it because
people might be allergic but I mean if
you're allergic to peanuts peanut butter
should probably be the
saying you you really grabbed today's
fun fact peanut butter contains peanuts
it's a fact because that little intro
told you hmm
so the other day I told you guys we have
some new t-shirts the new t-shirt
designs are coming out this Saturday so
I'm getting it already right now we have
the middle finger one with or without
the middle finger you guys actually
chose the new color for the retro 1 then
we have tank tops in the retro one then
we have this awesome badge like a
vintage badge one so these will be
available for this Saturday and what
we're gonna do is like all the t-shirts
in the entire store at CTFxC merch calm
we're gonna knock off a couple dollars
just for the pre-order for the one week
only that's kind of like a thank you and
stuff like that and then that way you
guys can get all the shirts you want
every single every single shirt will be
marked down but for only one week so
yeah this Saturday you gotta jump on it
alright so we're going you're ready to
go storm hunting not hunting huntin
we're going hunting storm hunting I'm
getting some serious serious cabin fever
right now and I want to go take a walk
because I think everything is is calming
down a little bit look at the Padres the
golf cart just like the wind is just
stopping the golf cart
holy crap okay you roll you look for
tornado that way I'll look for this way
I know I keep saying this is windy but
this is effing windy it's got to be so
awesome to be a dog right now there's
snippers are just going you're probably
smelling things from California right
now there's like yeah man California
are you stoned by the way I have to just
share this information a majority of you
guys said on an angle and actually a lot
of you guys had the scientific stuff to
prove it versus the whole bump-bump I
want to say thank you thank you guys
well the path is pretty much hidden now
Marley come on what did I tell you pee
around the things own the things around
it come on don't sell yourself short
here's a here's a random when I was
little when I was little I actually
wanted to be a storm chaser let me
rephrase it when I was little and I
watched twister I wanted to be a storm
chaser I feel like that movie probably
did that to a lot of people but be
honest in the comments if you saw
twister did you that made you want to do
it too right all right so I was gonna go
drive my golf cart to go get my medicine
but Allie is now making I wanted to go
on a tornado watch there's like a
tropical storm warning what I want to be
that storm chaser so and I'm like I'm
gonna be a storm chaser you're gonna be
a storm rider the golf cart is gonna get
sucked up it goes riding the golf cart
we're gonna go get my prescription
because I'm almost out I still have I
think next week is the next week that I
have to go to the doctor and they find
out that don't here big boy so next week
we find out hopefully if I can drive in
the next couple months so fingers
crossed but until then I have to refill
this prescription maybe one more time so
hopefully this might be the last time
which I'm pretty pumped about I will
punch you in the face hole stop it
that's why the other one groan you stop
it I just sped did you see that char
okay let me see your fancy dress
hi shirt wait so what I started today
how old are you 20
listen because I threw my name Charles
Kennard it's cuz she's my only sister
but she's still better than you that
means I just admitting that I have to be
20 really 24 anyway I started to vlog I
did I have today as a blog and I'm
already on my second memory card because
I already used a lot of hers you got
some drinks over here
anslee got some drinks so and also an
ancient um Spain yep you have to drink
all of that in one drink and you have to
only drink wine through a straw
exactly drink without cheersing sisters
alright if you wonder where my humor
comes from I feel like we just witness a
burn actually though it looks like an
owl is this the AT&T is what you call
the AT&T do oh I'm dizzy
okay that's due today love you it's not
that no it doesn't stink all right well
we're gonna pass out right now because
the crazy weekend tomorrow in Miami but
it's his first time ever watching our
videos please click subscribe and the
secret phrase today is just happy
birthday Melissa make sure to say happy
birthday and she's pretty she's an
awesome little sister hope you guys
enjoyed the video and don't worry we'll
see you guys tomorrow and PS PS farts
are always funny good night guys
what you did
your army wait
hey where's the psst
get it withdraw stripping
we're CTFxC
with chakra penis
