good morning guys I just I've been
waking up and falling asleep waking up
for the last few hours I feel like
complete and utter crap I feel like I'm
going to throw up yeah I
oh that is puking number two I'm just
going to go lay down here with you is
that cool oh thank you so yeah I
appreciate it I know I appreciate it
that's my eyeball so there's a Florin
has been having this bug and then Dennis
had this bug and how he's been taking
care of them and I think which Ally
keeps coming home I might be getting the
bug bug maybe you gave it to me did you
just give it to me you gave it me didn't
you
I realize why you guys land on the
freaking ground like this it's really
nice nice and cold
it's actually really cold have any of
you guys gotten this like sickness
that's been go okay I'll be good you
know what I just thought of remember
hell yesterday I was talking about and
Lauren said she had food poisoning and
then I was talking about I didn't want
to get food poisoning so I went back to
the store to get new food so I wouldn't
get it if I got food poisoning because
of the bag I originally had was good and
the one I just got was bad that is the
worst case of irony that I've ever oh I
want to scissor kick
that grocery store in the in the face
right in the face Nuggets you throw up I
could rub several phones my thing
I think it was maybe like food poisoning
to double food poisoned dog party all
the time party party all the time
Oh hurry up it's raining make your
rounds oh man it's gonna storm that's
the real craft yeah right now but
hopefully you know it will help the
grass right girls like oh well it's
gonna ring it and that's good for the
lawn whatever hey what is this this is
the broken from the sweepers Guba dog
the adventure actually tastes like
perfect really does she's not Joey
hey we'll stay still and it will go away
Bonnie
yeah you want to go swim in that blue
pool ah so we're just discovering look
at that it's actually growing in I kind
of like the battle-scarred looks like
Scarface make me feel better you're
healed get out of him get help
yeah I'm gonna puke all over the place
again okay now that I don't need this
anymore
let's see your summer outfit I'm here
that work on it totally it is the kids
this is actually a kids thing - that
actually fits they're perfect okay Kimmy
that is that's a style and tag town does
it glow in the dark you want this I gave
her the big piece on accident hey but
your little uh come on have some shame
I've been uh pretty much swimming every
single day now you know I got the summer
bod what's wrong
you didn't like it you don't like it oh
you wanted a skirt instead do you see
what she did
what are you doing laundry I can
actually see your floor now look at mine
mine super clean no it's not damn it so
I threw up another time so that's three
times today so I'm kind of like just
relaxing I figured you know maybe to
kind of go a little better
oh my god look that's hair that's like
freaking tumbleweeds everywhere kind of
just clean up the house and just kind of
relax a little bit maybe later I'll feel
a little bit cook Danny just texted me
and we might have like a dude night just
some bros going out if I feel better but
I'm not really sure I feel here's
something I always wondered you see us
there's nine one one right back there
I've always been too I hope you been
curious like if that was always the case
was it always nine one one and then I
was curious if it's the same like in
other countries like in your country
tell me your country name and then like
a - and then tell me your emergency code
like is it like 4 1 1 or 3 2 2 or 3 1 1
or I don't know they have always been
curious little like why is 9 1 1 this is
one of those things where you just
accept it you don't really ever think
about it but my thought and I don't know
if this right is because maybe somebody
who accidentally hits like 1 to 2 just
because they're next to each other and
there's one 9-1-1 are so far apart you
have to deliberately do it like you
can't just accidentally do 9-1-1 i guess
i could look on the internet but
I don't want to do that dinosaurs hello
you majestic birds do you think that
bird is totally jealous of those birds
it's like the Mugsy bows of birds
entering what I like to call squirrel
Valley go get that squirrel go get that
squirrel oh gee oh let's call it let's
go to the next tree see if we can find
another one there you go my li oh my
gosh let's go find another one look
right up let's go find another one
nope that's I know what you're doing you
come come here let's go oh
load up stop looking at him there we go
wow I actually just noticed this look at
this because of all the rain remember
the grass was pretty much dead now it's
just in a couple spots it's lie face I
think um why are they coming to steal it
yeah just put my butt in your face like
so and then you have to sniff my butt
and then that's clearly shows dominance
okay now I'm gonna hump you another way
to show dominance anyone looking for a
couch I think Melissa told me this
actually I think she saw it on Pinterest
if you take a noodle just like a
Styrofoam pool noodle and you have boots
that you want to keep like formed but
you'll want to keep like stuffing them
with tissue paper with like plastic bags
you just have to cut one of these into
half into halves and you just shove it
in your boot shove it in there and then
it stays I mean obviously I'm gonna cut
this but it keeps your boots sure you
can just have tiny little pieces you
might not float you're gonna try to hack
it but hold it yeah I trust you hey that
is the dumbest really it's all
yeah you're gonna break the thing that
was an epic fail that was such an epic
fail intervene intervene don't let em
fight no fighting allowed I got a big
stick so here here yeah catch it
oh no the noodle way in the water don't
you hit my boy all right so I'm trying
to black that what you get what is it oh
my god that little girl rocks I said I
black diamond I completely forgot to say
what I was saying boy Jeff came through
the goblet scarlet goblet
this is strong
we got we got to give a cornhole never
know why it's called that but all I got
to do is throw beanbags and do all whoa
this might be a little trivial but like
I'm just looking at the like
architecture of this like the roof okay
so if you want to get here without
getting wet how would you get here don't
have to go all the way around all the
way around and then here that just being
stupid that seems pretty you know that's
that seems like a fall right there all
right no that is my delicious sandwich
that is my delicious sandwich tell me
your foot dude that's really weird all
right guys well I don't want to get up
I'm making a delicious sandwich right
now I will see you guys tomorrow
freakin god this is your first video
after watching the videos please click
subscribe so you can watch this every
single day and it's right over there and
I will see you guys know this is my
chicken ma'am Miley and it's not a
chicken wing all right I'll see you guys
tomorrow
and worse yet
giddy with child trippy
with Harry don't forget to
