I just fixed this pool it's finally blue
now the Rams gonna screw it up hey go
get the rain
go get it go go get it go get the ring
oh I don't really want to do this I
really don't want to do this okay I
guess I will come on what are you doing
that stuff on your face oh my god that's
a freaking hard
you guys want to hear a random
disgusting fact I just learned it so I
feel like I have to pass on the horrible
news to that a cellphone a typical cell
phone an average cell phone contains
just as much if not more bacteria than a
toilet seat remember that next time you
do this it ruined my day I just felt
like I didn't ruin your day - hey guys
it's nice to see you today what there's
something - lens hang on
so today I've just been mostly taking
care of my mother I had to get her some
soup you've been sick Oh fan feet don't
wanna let me see the little lip right
now hold on let me talk it up okay but
yeah my mom has had some kind of bug and
her stomach's been messed up so the
first thing she was able to eat today
was of course chicken noodle soup
because we all know that's the best this
morning I don't know if it's a thing
going around I'm sorry if you guys have
it because she was miserable now I'm
just like really hoping I don't because
I don't want to be sick I want to ask
you guys something because Ally
disagrees with me on this okay when you
have like a bump like a speed bump or a
divot or anything like that is it better
to go on an angle so it's like this dun
dun dun dun right or to go head on same
speed go straight on it goes like this
which is better
oh there goes my butt my butt hurts now
what if you're on an angle did you see
how nice that was sorry that's just been
a long-standing discussion between us I
say going on an angle tell me in the
comments unless you say go straight then
then don't tell me in the comments
that's not right but you know how like
dogs are always sniffing for places and
then they pee on things like other like
animals or other dogs at peed on until I
kind of claim that land is their own
like a show dominance well wouldn't it
be smarter for them to just claim things
that have not been claimed if you're
always trying to one-up each other as a
dog what about if you just go claim all
around it then you own the surrounding
lands of the dog for example you just
claim this spot because another dog why
not just do all these why not climb that
tree huh why don't you do that why don't
you do that things Charles over analyzes
while taking relaxing walks shut up bird
I'll try to vlog
showed him Oh Marley how did you do this
this is how I get my lira stay here you
stay all right you stay okay no stay
good girl but Marley doesn't know
there's a person over there and she's
going to poop herself well whose own
attack just wanted to observe your
beauty damn it let's do it phone hey
bird eye typical Marlene I even pay
attention to the gigantic bird
looking at a freaking squirrel 20 feet
away all right I'll see you later bird
oh my good god you are my Everest this
is the compass cheeseballs thing is wait
get two of those can you put that in
there can we get it
look what what was it shaped like a
teddy bear how cute how many people are
annoyed by this right now mMmmm moist
I was just driving back and I look on
Twitter and check this out that is
another amazing CTFxC tattoo now here's
why I think that tattoo is amazing
besides the fact that the CTFxC tattoo
to me a tattoo is something that really
represents something inspiring to you
has a personal attachment like all the
tattoos I have I'm personally attached
to and every single time I see another
CTFxC or a Wi-Fi tattoo I think about
when I chose what I got for a tattoo and
what it meant to me to have that as a
constant reminder as something that I
can look to and it gives me honest look
look at seriously goose bumps gives me
goose bumps
to think about that people choose the
CTFxC or Wi-Fi as something that
inspires them and when these videos
first started I never honestly thought
it would get to where it is now and I am
so happy it is and I want to I want to
keep growing I want to get over a
million subscribers I want to million I
want it I want the CTFxC to grow not
only to grow just because it'd be
amazing but because I want to be
involved in more people's lives that
makes any sense
and to be honest it's an incredibly
humbling thing to see something like
that and all I can do is say thank you
guys for everything from the bottom of
my heart I can't believe how awesome you
guys are and how supportive and it's
just again it blows me away I'm not
telling you to just go get tattoos and
things like that if it's something that
you're truly inspired or something that
motivates you or you have a personal
attachment and yes and I don't care if
anyone says anyone's tattoo is stupid if
you have a personal belief to that
tattoo you have a real reason than
everyone else and that's Charles is two
cents look who it is
all right I gotta get more water be
right back all right bass heaven so I'm
looking for a Thunderbird right now I
can rock this alright tell me in the
comments what do you guys think should I
rock the Paul McCartney bass I'm diggin
it I think we're the kings middle
initials if you didn't know actually
Ollie and I were our first band together
when we were 14 13 15 it was called no
comply before we could drive who exists
do offspring covers and vandals covers
and it's called no comply so that's a
little fun fact and actually Ollie
really was the one who got me into bass
and a guitar and all that stuff too so
naturally that's why he's here this is
this is something a little bit of a
discrimination I think bass right here
guitar guitar bass I should be offended
right now I think I think I did it this
is why dogs are awesome it doesn't
matter if you're gone six years six
months six minutes or just an hour they
freaked out
come on go this way so the cards don't
get you come on go so I just got the
random craving to make spinach balls or
aka like that I like to call them Grinch
balls should sell and market spinach
balls Charles of spinach balls there's
nothing like a good pair of green balls
I'm just about to start making this with
the balls the balls if you will and I
looked at the bag and it was open now I
have to drive all the way back to the
store and or risk getting food poisoning
that's actually my question of the night
or the question of the day have you ever
had it and if so this could be actually
kind of interesting tell me in the
comments how you got food poisoning they
was a restaurant
did you eat macaroni salad out of a
bathtub that's a very good raccoon is
that your prized possession okay
so you guys have been asking us to do
new t-shirts for the summer and I want
to show you some of the designs we're
gonna be coming out with they're still
tentative we're still trying to figure
it out I want you guys as opinions this
is like a retro 1870 style fun thing
about this one is I saw something like a
sign like when we were on tour a couple
years ago and I took a photo of it and
this is kind of like what we came up
with colors we can kind of move around
and the best part is this could be like
a tank top or it could actually be a
t-shirt itself hey Zoey you're
interrupting so the other one is this
pretty cool vintage style which I'm
pretty stoked about and so far the third
one is kind of it's kind of a little bit
edgy I guess you could say and I'm not
really sure what I really want to do
with this what I might end up doing is
just doing the pre-order for both of
them and whichever one sells the most
that's the one that wins so the first
idea is you know go vlog yourself or
something like that you know enter a
kilt Ocean at the bottom or we get a
little edgier and we do that with the
middle finger hidden behind the camera
so I'm not really sure which one I'll
probably end up doing both of them and
then you guys can have either one if you
want and yeah those will go on pre-order
I think in the next couple days so that
way you guys can hopefully get them by
the time the tour starting to go and I
can see you guys I'll wear and
unsporting and all that fun stuff but I
will see you guys later have a great
night if your first video please
subscribe and that way you can watch
this every day but yeah all right well
I'm gonna go watch a terrible movie I'm
continuing that little little streak
actually genuinely afraid right now that
I'd like a frog is just gonna like
pounce on me or something like that it's
like two for two right now love you guys
bye
killed
yes
giddy with y'all trippin
yeah
with trippy an alley
