well
it's how you wake up I just have to show
you how funny it is when she does this
like she smiles really big when you call
her Luka come here Luka smile for the
internet no good there we go
do you like just being me but that's
just like her excited to see you face so
what is sneezed and this is what she
does she's like I was saying I hate
sneeze
I think she gave you a little bit more
so I'm slowly getting off hold on time
out sorry I need more coffee priorities
so I'm getting more accessories that I
need for this this weekend I'm gonna
give you guys another hint I'm gonna get
a nice little Pole and then a nice
little floaty thing so if I lose it it
floats I guarantee you won't guess it I
don't think you're gonna get this one
what's up Nemo what are you doing under
how many people every time they see a
clownfish and a saltwater tank just say
Nemo now I feel like Disney ruined it
for everyone this is so amazing
Wow look at this guy what kind of fish
is that guys so cool okay that's my
favorite one for sure Wow okay we get it
an email we get it they're just coming
over here that kid did you fill me yet
did you fill me it's like look anything
that looks cute I yeah okay I need that
I need to move I was just kind of like
sitting there I'm like I was like pretty
much playing drums on my computer I'm
like okay okay a little bit fidgety a
little too much coffee gotta get I got
expense this energy expense I get
expelled
I got expel this energy and I gotta fix
that cool because it's so frickin green
yeah they're so friggin green I just
can't I'm talking a lot I don't think
I've seen the freakin Sun in probably
four days it's just been this murky
cloudy crap when it's always raining
I can't go outside then I get super
pissed off freakin Scott I mean if you
guys didn't already know I pretty much
write all the songs for we the Kings
then it's pretty obvious I'm gonna talk
you into it he's smelling it I don't
know so this is pesto pizza and we are
at a place that I used to come in high
school all the time with Jeb and with
all of our friends it's been a really
long time since we've been here but
we're gonna see is this pesto pizza
hey dog nuggets what is this listen
water dude she's peeing like a dude I'm
not really surprised I guess if I really
think about it I'm not really surprised
Marley's doing something like that
okay now we're not sure what it is now
we think it's a rock or maybe a turtle
but it's definitely there no dog turd
come here look at this this goes no no
listen listen no no no no no now you
double it now you doubled it up now how
did you just fix that how did you just
fix that as our okay never mind one of
the biggest things that like life
adjustment since that whole seizure
thing was I haven't been able to really
exercise and I've always been running
like every single day I would run like
several miles and I've walked the dog
several miles and it's been really
challenging to like you know not do that
because it became like a serious like
habit like it's a good habit cause
you're you know exercising nothing wrong
with that but every time I associate it
or think about doing it I remember what
coming home drinking that glass of water
and then just passing out and just
waking up being like what happened
because during the first seizure what
happened was I was drinking some water
went down and I was all by myself and I
just woke up the dogs were hiding behind
like a toilet cowering because I guess
it was pretty scared for them I honestly
didn't know what happened
so now every time I want to go exercise
I always think about that so what I'm
doing is I'm easing into it a little by
little by taking a little bit longer by
longer walks and it feels so much better
because I was feeling so sluggish you
guys didn't know this is where all the
trolls on the Internet live down there
so - Charles in a couple years when you
come back and watch this video when
you're all better and you can run miles
and your marathons and all that fun
stuff told you told you to get better if
it didn't then you're a liar Charles -
see Turtles out of the Gulf
alright guys let's go
but how Marley how did you do this when
did you do this and now you're just
taking a dump
awesome now I have to pick that up dick
that's okay that's that's either that's
either a skunk or somebody's doing
something illegal right now
smells like freakin warp Tory Oh in a
suburban home you can pretty much get
away with anything okay I can't believe
you saw that too right you saw that okay
coffee makes you hallucinate right
they'll do that again drills
it's probably the master day up and I
apologize in advance think of a mosquito
landing on your eyeball the white of
your eyeball and just sucking the blood
out of your eyeball I apologize I know
that prior just ruined your day no way
I'm gonna turn around just turn around
so Ali's at the beach right now and I
wanted to try to surprise her again like
last time and try to clean the pool
because we have another dude coming to
try to tell us what to do to resurface
it put the place closes what happened to
my voice or did I need to put another
engine in this thing one minute to spare
so I don't know why this is called stop
yellow this is green so Denis is helping
me cuz Varley keeps going through this
you can't do this anymore even if you
see a squirrel you're not allowed to go
through it so the rule is don't go
through there no matter how many
squirrels you see okay when you walk in
and you see the creature you despise
dead so that means it's been walking
around your house possibly in your mouth
hate spider so much I got the
heebie-jeebies how did I just film that
my man car just went out the door as
joey lawrence once said woe to people
probably got that feel like we're being
attacked here I was just driving along
and this thing just jumped on my face
lit I'm not kidding he just jumped on my
face and I probably made the I don't
even know what kind of noise it was I'm
gonna recreate it was more of a ah that
was exactly the noise okay we're to go
you know yeah get out get off how come
this have how come this is how we end
vlogs is this how we're gonna start
ending vlog now with frogs jumping on us
go you don't belong here
there you go
okay I think he's gone okay I don't
think I can handle any more I'll see you
guys tomorrow hope you had a great night
this is your first time watching her
videos please don't forget to click the
subscribe button huh alright so for the
secret phrase today tell me in the
comments what is the craziest thing to
ever jump out at you while driving in a
car go off I'm gonna get run over I'll
see you guys later
I love you
it's the other way too
yes
with Joe Trippi and Ally
with trippy
don't forget so anymore
