so yeah the other day I tweeted that I
had that kind of a weird anxiety a bug
attack when I had some coffee
but I wasn't sure if it was just because
of stress so I had some coffee today so
that's why I'm talking really fast and
loud and I'm a little hyper but it's
just so I can kind of narrow down if
it's caffeine or stress I'm not gonna
let any stress get in my way today right
stress-free day one - guess when I go do
something yeah just a little bit hyper
so you guys wanna hear a sort of sad
story for me
I just bought beer and he did not ID me
and I was like oh man that either means
like he's just a cool guy or like I look
really old and that's sad beer
let's go
come here there we go oh yeah err
supercalifragilistic expialidocious even
though the sound of it is something
quite atrocious if you single are enough
it's always a precocious
supercalifragilisticexpialidocious
a lot of coffee
the supercalifragilisticexpialidocious
is that even like a real word or is that
just made up what a weird song this
looks like a real rugged trail I don't
know which direction to go or not
Marley get over here it could be Giants
a pep talk in here
there could be giant snakes everywhere
so just stay behind me because I'm gonna
run first okay go over scared I don't
know where the exit is oh there it is
sometimes I really miss living up north
oh is that you own that okay cool I
really miss you know living up north
like when we were in Tallahassee do you
remember that giant woods we would
always what was it called a Tom Brown
Park or something that was that was
serious nature stuff and I really missed
that being here down in Florida it looks
like we have it but we don't have enough
of it definitely had a lot more fields
remember like would you remember when I
used to take that the remote-control car
oh that one of you guys CTFxC or sent me
and I used to have Marley chase it all
over that giant giant field thing I
didn't miss was a pretty much every time
we go in that would Zoe Marlowe would
get like 15 ticks the most disgusting
thing ever
luckily we don't have those here excuse
me ma'am ma'am you're on the other side
of the rope ma'am please please yes
thank you
I can't take you guys anywhere
finally get over here this is Marley's
new preferred way of sitting I just felt
like I had to show you good
it's friggin hot summer is coming should
we bring this home seems like a giant
stick for you bring with us come on man
I found another little secret pond spot
this is awesome so this is ice the other
one hey you HOT Oh gross
Oh gross about what's the big the tree
gods have given you a gift
almighty tree gods one of the crappy
things about the GoPro the new one is
that the battery life just drains like
I'm just like doing something in the
boil two strains there's actually this
weekend going down to Miami we have a
special surprise now that we're gonna be
doing down there I can't tell you I'll
tell you when it gets a little bit
closer let's just say that I'm going to
want all the GoPros working functionally
you are totally 100% more than welcome
to make guesses in the comments and I
may or may not reply Erica I want to
make it a secret but I might I might I
might break you guys can guess in the
comments what what's happening this
weekend anyway so I gotta go try to get
a battery for it and obviously I'm able
to drive this thing because Ali went to
the beach so I'm gonna try to take care
of some errands but this is kind of cool
because I always didn't like curious I
thought it was a cop I thought I liked
I'm in the bush I'm always curious on
how far I can take this thing and I
think this is going to be the furthest
I've ever taken this baby fingers
crossed that I don't have to call ally
or my sister or somebody to come tow me
I definitely love this girl turn I could
I ever name this thing by the way I
don't think I ever did just call it a
golf cart I don't think I can go that
fast is it illegal if I can't go the
speed limit like I'm under it it's
illegal right excuse me has anyone seen
my bike I seem to have misplaced it I
kind of parked it right around this area
and I just can't seem to find it anyone
that's a bright bike son of a badger
badger badger badger badger badger
badger badger more rumors do I get just
multiple rechargeable batteries or is it
better to get one of those backpacks if
any of you guys had those because their
bike if I get two rechargeable batteries
or I can get one of these the idea is
not to have the camera die on me when we
do the epic stuff I honestly have blown
away that I was able to go as far as I
just did and back knock on wood
I would knock on wood
that I get all the way back but I'm
pretty that would just think you'd
probably go to the beach or something
the hell's this bug doing bug band is so
awesome they're they're playing music
with always recycled instruments and it
sounds we have had a wonderful day at
the beach and now we are at square one
which I think y'all know by now this is
like my all-time favorite place
I bring everyone here so we're back here
yeah so good what's going on you have
the hiccups take this glass take the
straw out put your mouth on the opposite
side and drink upside down stand up and
see I won't be a split up we gotta bend
over and drink out of that side put the
head all the way over there you go no
yeah there keep going you might want to
plug your nose keep going are they gone
are they gone are your help plug your
nose and keep going this is the tried
and true method for me excuse me excuse
me I'm not gonna give it to you like
that where did you learn that language
are you serious Danny taught you that I
don't even know if I should bleep that
or not
thank you so Thank You Marley okay
sunshine for the no no no no we're gonna
share this we're going to share this
okay your turn
why are you so gentle all the time wait
a minute now cacao here's the thing
about me
I like going out but I don't like going
out my favorite thing to do is just
watch movies really bad movies so
currently I'm on one of those kicks Oh
what was that hey you dropped her toy
dude oh I'll get it don't worry
oh yeah so I'm on this kick to watch
like all these old movies like the other
day I watched Total Recall I'm gonna
watch the remake of Total Recall and
then Judge Dredd I want to watch the
remake of Judge Dredd honestly this is
why I like Netflix I could just like
watch a movie and I don't waste my money
on crappy Minds if actually you don't
have Netflix then you want to try it out
and stuff like that they've hooked us up
with a trial that actually helps the
show it's down there in the description
Netflix at cops is CTFxC but I'm gonna
continue watching terrible terrible
movies or perhaps awesome movies go that
way go that way go out go out go out of
the car go go go keep going
get out oh god oh god I love you all if
you haven't subscribed please do let's
keep let's keep growing the CTFxC army
but i'll see you guys tomorrow as always
have a great night and don't let the
bugs bed bugs bed bite bite bite buds
but bites a bug let the bugs bites don't
let the bugs bite
don't let the bugs bite don't let the
bedbugs bite oh I got it
see you tomorrow I suck
it's coming over me waiter
psst
with child tripping
with charity
don't forget
