no I have a poem on doing come on put it
on don't always always a struggle come
on
I'll play this wrong one that's Marlene
okay all right go girl all right
Marley walk into it there we go
toto so the last I think it's been the
entire week it's been just completely
like not raining hard to where like you
can't do anything
we're rating like hard enough to where
it's like just obnoxious like just the
sprinkles like this you know what I mean
it's just like the sprinkles like this
oh sorry I gotta turn screw it let's get
his waterproof the camera however is not
they look soaked up so what about you
not so much
you're getting the blunt end isn't
blunted or Brunton I think I'm saying
that wrong my entire life is a brunch or
blunt end feel like front-ends hums me
so you're all wet there are no let's
take refuge in this batting hole there
no more rain
and we gotta go pee or poop okay rain
had about enough like to drive around
now Marley is perturbed okay now it's
getting a little bit miserable listening
the rain is serene is coming down a
little bit harder now mistake
you got a little something on your eyes
yes right there you got something on
your eyes right there yeah okay you got
it
let's go you gotta have you the Thunder
is coming thunder hyaline you already
hiding come on hide up here come up
don't worry I hear the thunder hates
cheesy floral patterns so we should be
okay come on let's do this
fuck you pull and your green miss you
sky as well so today I'm trying to keep
it really low-key and like really calm
because yesterday I had I had a coffee
yesterday and a lot of you guys know I
wasn't allowed to have caffeine for a
long time but now I'm easing back into
it I had this weird like I don't know if
it was like an anxiety where was like I
got really hot like hot flash and I had
them just lay down cuz they kind of felt
like how it felt just before a seizure
it I don't did I ever I don't think I've
ever honestly talked to you guys about
that feeling it's it's really honestly
not something I like to talk about but
you know I do these videos for myself as
much as I do it for you guys and
something I want to remember but
everything fades you know like a like a
fade to black type of thing basically I
think it's because my my surgery of
everything the tumor was on my right
side of my head so that affects
everything on your left your left side
of your body so when it happens I go
this way
and my arms roll out like this and all
this crazy stuff and it's it's
interesting because I can understand
what people are saying around me as it's
closing in and the scariest part is like
you kind of feel like you're kind of
like how I describe it's like almost
like you're in a prison of your own body
like you understand everything you can
hear everything you you think you're
saying something to somebody but in
actuality you're just either mumbling or
shaking or as very it's it's honestly
probably one of the scariest scariest
things that's ever really happened to me
to me the worst part is that like that's
scarier than actually going through the
surgery like what if I was driving what
if I was you know like swimming or like
it's just one of these things were in
there and to be completely honest it was
like one of those things were after even
up to the surgery and I was on the
medicine and then they took me off the
medicine it was always one of these
things where it was just like always in
the back of my head like what if like
what happens if it
again like what I know it was something
from the surgery on to where it actually
happened now it was almost every single
day
I was afraid or I was kind of like
reminded of something in the back of
your head like you were you know you
know like one of those things where it's
like it's something scary and you don't
want to remember it but you have to you
have to be aware of it and that's kind
of what it was I don't know it's just I
mean I don't want to bring the the mood
of the videos down or anything like that
but you know this is a diary of you know
the life and you know this happened in
life and I definitely want to make sure
I documented and stuff like that and I
mean keep you guys informed on what I'm
thinking because that's you know that's
like really important to know we have to
keep the connection you know what I mean
and the last few videos last few few
months have been insane we've been doing
some amazing things and we have amazing
things coming and that's awesome but you
know every once in a while I just kind
of want to have a conversation with the
camera or you guys I should say you know
have a conversation with the camera and
then I'll take that camera footage and
have a conversation with you guys on the
Internet
yeah a lot of people always ask me about
that and that's that's pretty much what
it's like definitely sucks starting to
sprinkle and Marley's not having it hey
you realize that there's no roof above
that you want to fight the Thunder I'm
pretty I'm pretty proud I'm pretty
impressed right now that's another
reason why I can't honestly drive a car
that's been a real hard thing because
it's gonna be like a year of not being
able to drive those six months then this
could be another six months now it's
been really hard for me not to be able
to do things for myself I mean I have
the golf cart but there's no Lisa what
is it like eight miles radius I twelve
mile radius that I can actually go but
it's been really a challenging like a
challenging thing to get over or adjust
to and I mean I guess the only thing you
can really do is move forward and figure
out and just a curveball I guess a speed
bump with you well but yeah I just
wanted to have a little conversation
with you guys cuz you're always such
good listeners
the senator is getting really really bad
I can't seem to find Zoey anywhere I
walked in here into the old merch closet
do you see it where is she where is OE
are you
hiding come here it's okay
it won't get you come here stinky come
here rabbert you Thunder forever sick oh
yeah I forgot about that song okay come
on you're good how did you even get back
there dude how did you do this come on
come on you couldn't find me in here I
protect you
alright this is like the sweetest thing
I've ever seen okay you're making the
Internet feel whole bad thumbs up okay I
turn my back come on come back out you
were doing so good it's just looking
this is louder you can hear it louder is
this what it's like to have kids all
right daddy's coming in here I want to
see what the hole is this an awesome
and what'd it go in here I'm gonna share
this with you is this an awesome
fortress Zoey I gotta be honest this is
a terrible fortress yeah it's totally
bad it's soda then yay Zoey yeah better
okay you're like the world's saddest
puppy it's okay she's like oh you're not
gonna upload this are you put this on
it's a thunder cloak
so you're fair game then you yep yeah
okay oh yeah there we go
your turn there we go go take on the
world to take on the world any day now
well I know it I know it's raining you
guys are a bunch of sassy little bitches
I don't know what it is about dogs and
raincoats
okay I'm sorry you're okay come in in
come on in funny thing are you dad -
what were you going no I'll see you
later going to bed good night okay it's
been one of those rainy days so like any
time you get motivated to do anything
you just hear the rain you're just like
uh
I'm just gonna take a nap I hope you
guys understand every once in a while
it's nice to have like a nice little
chill day cuz everything's gonna start
getting a little bit crazier in the next
couple weeks because actually I leave or
I guess start getting ready to go for
tour
actually I haven't gotten the tickets
yet to go to the way the Kings tour I
want to make sure all of you guys are
there I mean a bunch of you guys I'll
put a link down there to all the tour
dates so go check those out and get your
tickets cuz I think a couple dates have
actually started selling it I think two
sold out already
to me that's always a really exciting
thing because I get to see all you guys
and like I get to read all the comments
but now I get to put faces to comments
and stuff like that oh and side note I
know this is probably in the shot people
always ask what these are for basically
I have a game every time we have to get
a new passport or visa when we go on
tour for like another country I try to
make the most Awkward face like like
that and see if I can get into the
country still and as you can see it's
worked for those always curious what
that is behind me but most importantly
if you guys have to subscribe yet please
make sure to do so that way we can make
sure the CTF XD army gets super huge I
was gonna get a drink but then I was
like I wanted to use my hands so yeah
make sure to subscribe so the CTFxC
curve you keep growing now I can give
some lemonade instead of a secret phrase
I wanted to ask you guys more of a
question of the day when you guys have a
rainy day what is your most favorite
thing to do mine take a nap on the couch
or out in the porch or something I'm
just listening to the rain tell me in
the comments guys and let's let's share
with each other I love all you guys and
I'll see you tomorrow bye guys
wait
giddy with trippy an alley
European alley don't forget so anymore
