wake up cam wake up cam wake up cam wake
up cam wake up cam that's from the honor
baby I want to be the payer do you want
to be the kid cat
how do we eat a pig I think what was it
hold on wait a minute I think we both
just had the savings idea at the same
time now I had it first did you earn
cameras I'm holding a camera I was
having this hey it's a true Marlee don't
make a good pig noise oh that's
disgusting your nose is too big you want
to do it loudly I'll do it again
yeah hey Jesus BK k BK AJ no take it off
we are getting ready to shoot Ali's
video and I guess I'm a pig
what are you gonna be I'm here oh you
get to be a bear I get to be a pig and
you get to be the mayor nice oh hey
broad scissors I bet I can beat you at a
rock scissors ready paper rock scissors
shoot Oh
I'm the mayor I'm the eyes of
paper-rock-scissors champion okay okay I
put tape on this one so I can go like
this
or you can you can have like little Adam
and Eve stuff no this is an item I want
to wear the leaf now it's perfect you
were obsessed ready either I've been
ready that means you have to stop
playing video games to film a video
about video games are you still pissed
off that I tried to make you a pig and
you're not looking at me you still mad
at me oh my goodness Marly not even
looking at me
Hey look at me that's an evil face girl
Jason Jason Jason
we are scouting locations look lizard
house crazy driver we have to find a
giant pond I think we can find a giant
pond in Florida I am the director of
photography bird oh those are tops where
is that bird's face oh there it is found
a pond it has no water in it it would be
so amazing if an alligator just popped
out right here oh my god looking
alligator oh my god that was ferocious
protect the camera get us home fast it's
turning the rain that the pool turning
green again I think we have another pool
guy come in to give us an estimate on
redoing this thing because of its all
the algae by algae just grows into that
Lake Forest wait wait she's just going
she doesn't even care
she's gonna keep going see how long she
keeps going you gave up
she's like oh it's right here I feel
like a monkey's uncle
pop in plop in plop I do this go
good stop Zoey dude it's raining I don't
want to go out there
it's taunting me oh you brought it back
a job oh good job now you have to go
into water hey you get this ball yeah
you go out in the rain I'm gonna stand
at awning the other day at the craft
store I bought a bunch of frames because
I like all the other tours like our old
posters I think this was like I think it
was the Australia poster and then I have
the Billboard charts I'm gonna actually
get around to framing that because you
know you gotta frame memories memories
oh that looks pretty sick what do you
think Zoey I'm pretty good it's over
here
okay good job with the king's billboard
have you ever so we're so careful
careful
I think I think I just got an email
message I think it's got an email from
our management saying that we're
releasing a new single says nice but
sighting don't yell at me if that's not
true
you should yell at him definitely
definitely go at him like always don't
touch your ass I always helping with the
surgery with Blake contests quick in the
comments come on I don't know here's the
deal Internet I want to have I won't be
framing more of these so you know what
to do
puncher Zowie puncher that looks good if
you punch me one more time what so
Lauren is going to be the pig in are you
gonna be the kitty cat kitty kitty and
Ali's doing some makeup touch work yeah
just so that it's not like a white
strand because you're not worried about
the rest of her face not looking like a
cat doer about that string looking like
okay I guess you can't is video can you
photoshop this Marlee can Photoshop you
are you what do you think look at your
big nose yeah
big words Lauren all I see is a giant
cat actually you know what you look like
the Grinch in the Grinch like you're
doing any other work right now I feel
like excuse me
back up you're getting a little too
close to my chair ma'am you just touched
you just kicked my chair she could swear
at you right now she probably would like
what the hell what are you doing - way
too much coffee go get him
are you actually saying words we're
gonna play a game caption what you think
Ali is saying right now I Peter pepper
picked but it's like bad lip reading
with Ali Edition so Halle
Zoe Marlee and I are gonna get on this
new ritual we're gonna try to walk every
evening and try to go a little bit more
exercise because to be completely honest
ever since the whole crap that happened
since it happened just after like
exercising I've been really really
skittish about exercising and like
running and doing things by myself I'm
kind of like afraid to do all that stuff
so Ali's gonna start with me in that way
it's summer bod this is funny this is
how Ali holds my hand all the time did
you feel bad right there not here I see
Lizzie no because like your hands spread
my fingers apart so much
like annoying I have to just grab a
glass so Ali just does that anyone else
do that with their significant other
he's grabbed left you take the pinky
since Ali's been stressing out trying to
get her video done I figured I could get
her a cookie you know that always makes
people less stress right I mean in all
honesty who can still be stressed out
when there's a big-ass cookie presented
to you the key is to try to get it home
before eating it myself there you go
it's a no-stress cookie good that looks
like a freaking Christmas
I broke weird cuz that really that's a
crazy babe okay that's freaky what is
this I'm gonna hit the lead no I would
hit the lead on me is what you get kick
you in the ball sack but that book that
I will see you have to edit now take
that what oh yeah you don't touch that
that's mine that's mine it's my drink
what you back up no we will see you guys
tomorrow this is the first time ever
watching our videos please don't forget
to click the subscribe button that way
you can watch this every single day and
to everyone else of course we'll see you
guys tomorrow as always good night guys
duh
which all trippy
with trippy an ally
don't forget
