what what nobody hit the Bell so I don't
know what you want
all I know is that you're just enable
okay that's what you wanted
okay well I'll let you run outside
morning so yesterday we took a bunch of
file we finally got a bunch of really
nice photos thanks to James Bixby and
Jesse and Ally's going through all of
them right now trying to figure out
which ones we should release and all
that fun stuff
if you haven't liked their Facebook I
think it's like sort of bad but links
down there in the description you can go
and do that but yeah get out my computer
No
you brave soul no no you're here it's so
windy right now my hair is fine here but
you notice how I was puffing out right
now or maybe you guys didn't even notice
that I just draw attention to myself no
it's gonna storm or anything the wind is
just like 80 miles per hour this is
ridiculous
oh my gosh this is that perfect let me
in because I want to go outside again
meme I think this is more distracting
we're trying to we're trying to fix
Ali's channel right now okay but Zoe you
have no thumbs you need to move is it
broken
did you break it do you break my
computer no there it goes okay go go get
your highness on put your head in there
there we go I know Oh cat leash thought
that oh yeah this is looking like she's
real real happy with this let's go for a
walk okay go go walk whoa you get a
pumpkin patch we get more pumpkins to
smash are you doing there what you eat
dodo have a little dangerous actually I
have to admit this is pretty freaking
adorable
are you playing more
a couple of days ago my mom brought home
this or brought this to me for my old
room do you guys remember what this is I
don't even know if you could see it hold
on
it's an old Mighty Max it was like Polly
Pocket buzz is a boy version yeah this
is but if you look at if you go to store
look for him now they're the size of my
head because I look how small this is I
think kids were like taking him and just
eating them I'm just like swallowing
them because you can't find him too
small anymore Side Story if you didn't
know she's talking about when I was in
middle school I swallowed a thumbtack
true story but that's a whole nother
whole nother story they found us quick
honey and stop like all these other cars
are driving past us oh look at this tiny
car alley get in I don't think I don't
even think you can get in this thing let
me push you around
leave it for comparison so as you guys
know or maybe you don't know I'm
actually doing some work with Nintendo
they actually gave me the Animal
Crossing new leaf game I think most of
you guys probably know that so I'm gonna
be doing a short video for them to put
on their Channel and I'm trying to come
up with a really cool idea about it I
think I have a pretty good one but I
need a leaf giant leaf al he's gonna
shoot a video and she's out shopping are
you gonna barter for those this is
exactly what the items look like in the
game Ally's obsessed she wants her life
to be like that game out it's really
great there get in I want to push you
around I'm not gonna hold onto it just
go just like okay get in
you're gonna break their cart I can't
even I literally can't even fill me
because it's so huge what what what I
get weight char char
Charles where to go I see you what are
you trying to send you idea that you're
way too big for this thing you notice
those ladies came around the corner I
don't care I got you a rose that is like
ferngully you don't go this way
how this is really uncomfortable why are
they so smelly back you got leaves but
you know these growths I'm for free
right okay just just so you know
clearly says bubbles bubbles bubbles how
do I get out that doesn't rhyme
I know it's good think of anything where
this is chronic thinking face shut up
hey Ally what's up that was the worst
chair I've ever heard the paintbrush
aisle totally makes me think I like
right here when I see this a Photoshop
tell you fellow nerds
or is this spray paint under than a
little padlock wants glitter glue to
make a page of fabulous yeah come on
well we were just finishing up the store
and we had to run to another store which
is right there no but Ally is making us
go all the way home she can't poop in
public I'm like people have really nice
bad literally there's a store there's a
store and we have to drive all the way
home there's a turtle head poking out
and I bought chocolate turtles all right
does it look like poop do that just go
there freaking poop your pants and then
one intense though how much oh oh did
you think when you went and graduated
college that you would be talking on the
internet about how much you have to put
and you're eating poop nuggets look at
it I'm grossed out now go out there you
can't lock three doors
Oh easily got real personal didn't you
guys do you feel better
I'm going back to the same place we just
work let's just go down this aisle let's
get some candy
we are costume shopping now so Allie can
get some animal masks oh I thought I was
gonna get in there I would have been
amazing
biggest thing biggest take it off take
it off now
you look like Tobias when it's part of
the bloom and you have to speak
otherwise it's just absolutely crazy it
just creeps me out so much when you
don't speak got some candy
anyone want candy here's a little trick
I can do yes you that
yeah it's a baby alligator where there's
a baby one isn't there a big one
probably let the size of my arm dang it
wish I got to show you more get the blue
one what's our gardening thing here so
we got chef Ali in the hot seat what are
you making me huh what you making me uh
nothing
well what am I gonna steal you want some
would you like the blueberry juice you
like the blueberry juice thank you that
was really weird
oh it's all purple dinner and breakfast
wait wait don't dessert I meant to say
dessert I know it's good at dinner and
dessert
I almost said breakfast again all right
so what do I know
much better I'll see you guys tomorrow
don't forget if this is the first time
we were watching her video don't forget
to click the subscribe button and I will
see you guys all tomorrow like always
good I guess
it's a waiter
yes
giddy with y'all trippin
with trip in early
