it's starting to rain I'm gonna get I'm
gonna get stuck in this thing
to my I believe it or not I've had zero
caffeine yeah I'm gonna go get caffeine
but that's a different story
I found out yesterday that Ali got mine
at coffee I wasn't falling asleep at
like 10:30 11:00 at night I was actually
staying up and hanging out with
everybody which was awesome because it
made me feel out of it normal saw I'm
gonna one of her to do some bees into it
small coffees which is pretty much what
I always do and see how that works and I
can't turn my back on it I can't save my
face
if you want to see how quickly coffee
affects me I just uploaded two really
really really dumb videos to the trippy
Channel
they're really really caffeine induced
if you guys are just now starting to
watch our videos welcome but I just want
to let you guys know we have other
channels like I have a trippy channel
which is why do I phone videos Alli has
her own channel and then we have a skin
channel I'll put all the channels down
there video description very easy to
remember those this youtube.com slash
Charles Trippy youtube.com slash alie
and youtube.com slash trippy but all the
links are down there but if you're new
and you want to watch more videos other
than the CTFxC by us that's just a
little heads up and we like making
videos for you guys and if you guys
aren't new and you aren't subscribe to
all the channels I'm literally going to
just send Marlee over there and just pee
on all your pillows what are you guys
doing come on oh boy look at all that
rain I'm driving into wait it's slowly
coming it's slowly look at it snow
coming
I honestly think I just missed the rain
because it's soaked here and I'm not
that wet and it was dry over there
victorious
we're kind of pinpointing Zoey's like
grumble miss I thought her stomach was
hurting but watch this I think she just
genuinely doesn't like her own dog food
and we gotta get like the
top-of-the-line dog food
is it possible that dogs just stop
liking their food yeah it's like when
you're eating like your parents like
give you peas and you hate Peas you're
right it's the same thing you want right
yeah I'll get you new food today okay no
good ultimate test see if I can put a
pill in there she's eating around it no
back off did she eat it oh you ate a
pill on her mouth you trying to get some
cocoa cafe no you can't have that feel
it and see if she's this because she was
yesterday so you don't know don't do
this this is very embarrassing no Martha
you're not pregnant anymore what are you
doing what are you doing I think there's
something we had in there there's one
piece of dog food how did she know
that's what she was trying to get she's
trying to open the door that's what the
noise all right thanks guys I borrowed
it come here I love you come here I love
you Zoey a party yes well I kind of
offended them I just realized my export
file for my GoPros says dopey what are
you doing you can't no there's no
hitting at 80 times that's not how come
on guys let me out because I want to go
out and then back in and then back in
and then out again
I copy
what's that's a kid so he's doing such
strange things day she just dug into
that then she goes home with her ears
the one on the left is pretty guess
that's awesome
was it the dark on I mean that's pretty
cool yeah it looks like a river that's a
mean that is the cool one
I kind of partial the black Marly just
wants to go swimming without the one you
are Marley take one yeah that the one oh
you want the blue one she picked the
blue nope she wants the black one now
white what Zoey you know it please
sticking your nose under there dude
don't drink that
that's why you don't drink that
what what is what is what is this is
this my cheeseburger did you not eat my
cheeseburger I could think I caught her
just in the nick of time she didn't get
to finish it what what is this this is a
cheeseburger you stole yeah I didn't
look at these eyes look at these eyes so
we mad I think caught you so you ain't
all of it you know you did a jerk you
know me you know burger thief she went
in there I put her in there cuz the guys
helping us with everything come back in
she's chewing on my burger that I made
and then she went to try to go through
the screen again and flick me off deja
vu so Jessie and James are gonna help
Allie and I be YouTube switching over
the channels I was getting all dolled up
to take photos it's pretty oh wait
make a non-crazy face much better okay
that's cool can I do this world who are
you wearing differences between Zooey
and Marley part three so we would rather
have the paddle Marley wants the ball no
no no you're not supposed to do that I
please have that ball good help now get
the ball
you're not going anywhere oh no sorry
need that I have it
Hey look at that I got stuff to make you
eat in the morning that's for you Zoe
now you'll eat in the morning yeah my
house well I don't want to eat no can I
have that please
alright so James is gonna help us here
all right you ready what do you want to
do I was thinking I was thinking we kind
of go like this and I stick my finger up
your nose and then you stick yours up my
nose and then we keep doing that and
then we make faces like that okay you
ready to take some photos nope you ready
to go get w ee cute oh my god you know
he's got a he's got a he's got a better
camera than that
work it work it okay there you gotta
work it you're not working it work it
that is the worst working it ever work
it's better than that you're not even
moving your legs so you'll probably see
this all on our channel the banner you
gotta say thank you to James because Zoe
Marlee don't have thumbs they can't do
it one one day this is me trying to make
Charles laugh but lik oppose human if
you can't think of anything funny to say
just start in swearing and everyone will
laugh oh Marley's doing a 3-footer up
your stretches all right no that's a
guitar pick yes oh my god good day Zoe
there's no sleeping on the job
Marly just like I'm its cookie the Marly
booster seat they got a Kwan dude you
get off my
you ain't my hamburger what are these
what are these I think now the fun part
wait we're not I guess we should take
one Photoshop her in later no model
number two work it work it work it
so not moving the legs nobody moves the
legs there we go
moving the legs this is the photo look
at their faces
isn't that amazing
she's like a dog and like a Renaissance
portrait they look at that is probably
gonna be what we use which this
photographer yeah I'm do it for the
photo shoot
this is missus I think really really
good you guys have to I wanted to but I
am freaking out because there's a spider
the size of Marley's head and I was like
to walk around
well Internet I'm sorry to end the video
with a big giant creepy spider with
hundreds of thousands of babies but
that's uh
bleh Marley just blame Marley for that
one but I will see you guys tomorrow
this is your first video first time in
for watching our videos don't forget to
click the little subscribe button and I
will see you guys tomorrow as always can
I just just make sure the spiders don't
bite
I think Alec took care of them so I
think you guys are in good hands okay
bye guys
wait
a birthday attack
which all tripping
with drug therapy
