uh what are you doing over there you're
not cute at all
are you like best buds now am I not your
best about it anymore
oh now we're best buds oh I see how it
goes
nope it's over it's over I'm number two
it is Friday and things are kind of
looking a little bit better the
hurricane tracking update was updated an
hour ago and let me just show you what's
going on it has dropped from a 5 to a 4
and if you kind of look up here here's
Florida it looks like it's starting to
drop around a 3 and a 2 looks like it's
around Naples when it starts to drop to
it which is which actually to our south
that's looking good and then by the time
it gets to Tampa in Orlando
it looks like it's gonna be dropping to
about a 2 really something that we've
gone through a bunch of times on the
vlogs actually look even if you want to
evacuate you would have to go all the
way up here all the way over here
obviously plywood has been sold out for
a good four or five days now actually
another little tip from you guys the
ally read on the comments is that it
won't stop class but if you get
cardboard it could actually slow down
the momentum and just kind of keep
things a little bit favored well there's
some plywood we can't get to it though
we can have the facade of a brick
building this is like seven bucks though
this happening probably better than um
all I think it's cutting it we have no
way of cutting stuff like this was like
somebody else had the right idea now
which is this 125 here's a bunch right
here
you think it's gonna get in there yeah
I'm not going far so we went in there to
try and find cardboard and there was
that guy that was just helping I found
this old wood paneling after this we can
panel our house 1970s all over how about
one at a time I say any place that we
plan on being yeah so charges are
grabbing a little bit more of this
paneling that we got I'm a lot of people
in Home Depot word telling us that it's
actually a good idea to get that we
could potentially put that on the inside
of our window if we don't have the
opportunity to put it on the outside
which I know so many would sound pretty
stupid thankfully we do have insurance
on our house which helps out a lot so
we're okay not saying that's what we're
trying to do but I think my dad's gonna
come over tomorrow and help us get this
put up on the outside we might still put
it on the inside of windows as well but
if we're gonna be busting our ass today
trying to get this all worked out I had
to go find one of those like dollies
that I was filming and when I actually
found one it was raining and a guy was
trying to load stuff up so I ended up
helping him load his stuff up so I can
get it and then once I got it I was
walking back into the thing and some guy
and some giant Tundra some giant truck
wasn't paying attention
literally rear-ended braids into me with
the cart luckily I was in the opposite
side so I didn't get hurt but he screwed
his bumper up wasn't paying attention I
like literally I was standing right
there and he ran right into me it was
boarding up I wouldn't stand
I talked to Travon Danny both and
they're all staying as well the
interstate system right now I can just
I'm gonna show you guys four photos
later but the interstate right now is
just a mess and there's so many
accidents Oh gasps the worst thing I
think wooden try that I were talking is
getting on the interstate system and
leaving and then getting stranded on the
interstate because that'd be the worst
because it depends the flood a lot more
in the areas to where like i-75 is some
places want to be in the winds on the
interstate in your car with no gas as
crazy as this scene
this is actually our safest option to do
for some reason that just creeps me out
and it's so mesmerizing at the same time
I literally I think 90% of our neighbors
are staying now everyone just feels
safer than the road to prepare for this
thing I just realized this is probably
very informative for people who have
never even seen a hurricane or ever
prepared for hurricanes like I'm happy
that they are able to educate some
people about this stupid stupid
situation that sucks and if you guys
were ever in one of these to kind of
know what to do if you have to stay put
you got all this taken care of
we talked to a couple people they think
this is gonna be okay obviously we got
rid of the tape like Ali said earlier
you guys mentioned that it's a myth and
it just creates fear Charlotte never
knew that that's my fault and that's why
you put this on the internet because a
lot of you guys are smarter than us true
you're prepared yeah your rain jacket
the reason why you really board up
windows is not so much for things going
in it's more to keep the air from going
in because once the air gets an e
creates a suction inside the house it
can lift the roof off obviously you know
blast and shards and stuff like that too
but that's another big thing that I
didn't think about that our neighbor
just told us about our next step is
collecting water I did we did the thing
in there and then I there's six funnels
over there and then we're gonna put our
back to fill our bathtub up with water
which is something people don't think
about doing when you have gone through a
few hurricanes you kind of pick up some
things
oh how many hurricanes have we gone
through with the vlogs I think one with
the one before this might be the second
one this thing started as the strongest
hurricane in US history but now it's
kind of dissipating which is really
helpful and really reassuring any other
room hurricane rated windows see it's
like okay so we're good what were you
saying like you could take an awesome
hurricane windows maybe if we open up
Verizon look I know thank you Jasper I
know dad I'm sorry you had to drive all
the way over here after Terri and my
taping ideas were stupid
they just weren't smart informed I was
just uninformed alright I'll take that
baby no kanessa poor dog oh honey so one
thing I completely forgot that what
happened with our power went out was
that a fourth of July went out for like
two days we couldn't charge our phones
diet that everything died so we got a
bunch of power stations and Danny
pointed this out I didn't realize that
the magic comes with this adapter right
here and it basically plugs into the
batteries and you can use this as a
power a power adapter I guess power
station speaking of which I kind of want
to go kind of film around here and see
what's going on we're just driving
around checking out the neighborhood and
just areas right now just to see kind of
see how what everyone's preparing I
think the worst thing for our house is
like the trees falling on our guard
he's got a little micro machines in a
blown away and this is a blow away in
the land just kind of wanted to show you
how high the water is kind of getting
right now Tom and Kate's duck that
they're fixing and it's pretty high as
you can kind of see the water is
starting to rise a little bit more
hopefully these people move their car
before it gets too late not flooding but
the tie is kind of starting to rise a
little bit more I wanted to kind of
drive around and just kind of get an
idea places we should not be and places
we can go and obviously this is a place
we should not be so mental note that we
should just say anything by the water we
should I am being close to smart she
gets on it from the couch good job my
your silly smart fun way let's do the
fun way you won't come down sorry Martin
oh no I was just getting a shot of the
beach can't it's all closed off okay
that's cool all right thanks man
who says
well
can't do that that makes sense
I shouldn't be going to do that anyway I
thought I'd try it is another part of
the beach I should try
let me out here oh no I was just getting
a shot at the beach no nobody's light on
water okay worries man thanks you too
buddy I really respect the fact that
there are cops out there to keep people
like myself idiot right here from going
to the beach even though it's not gonna
hit for another two or three days all I
want to do is I just want to see the
waves just want to take a photo of the
waves I know I see why they don't want
to see that but I just I'm interested
I'm just really interested I just want
to see what's going on although as a
curiosity killed the cat you know what's
crazy is that these are up all year
around every single day and I've never
really paid attention to them till
actually today I didn't know they
existed that's kind of crazy
I don't know if you guys could tell from
those shots how smooth everything was as
far as like the ocean it was a glass
I've never seen the ocean
I've seen ponds and like lakes like that
but to have the ocean have zero waves
just kind of that's creepy that's a
little creepy but you cannot knock that
beautiful sunset though despite the fact
is something Horrible's on its way that
sunset was beautiful and it's like it's
the epitome of calm before the storm
like there's no wind there's no waves
Melissa it was kind of nice to just go
do something that you know didn't
revolve around this chaos that is this
hurricane thing we've been keeping an
eye on everything I think we're making
the right decision by saying because
we've been looking up all the gas and
the traffic is just insane I think have
a photo let me show you right here this
is some of the traffic that's going on
basically what's happening in short if I
didn't explain it already is from
Orlando or say I'm sorry Tampa to
Atlanta traffic is at a standstill and
there's no gas because everyone's
getting off on these exits so my fear
and I talked to try to Danny and their
fear is as well is that if we get on the
road and try to evacuate in a perfect
world that'd be great we could leave and
get out of there
in the reality of the situation is that
there's the state of Florida is trying
to go and we're not a mandatory
evacuation and if we just add to that
traffic the people that really need to
go can't go and I'm so afraid of going
and not be able to find gas because
we're all getting off on the same time
and then getting stuck on the freakin
interstate with no gas that is my fear
that's my absolute fear because I don't
know if you guys remember one of the
other hurricanes this kind of happened
to everyone was trying to leave and
people ran out of gas on the interstate
and more people passed away on the
interstate than the actual hurricane
which is a scary situation was people
like dehydrated
you know just was what is it
like heatstroke the water just scary
things like that and then just the
elements itself you're in the car feel
like we're making the right decision we
talked to our family we talked to our
neighbors everyone's kind of huddled
together right now I don't know we're
gonna find out tomorrow and hopefully
God willing everything's gonna be okay
I will see you guys tomorrow I love you
guys very much and don't forget to
subscribe and we will we will share this
experience together
I wish oh you didn't have to but all
right guys I'll see them all
