morning morning morning hello do I just
took you P just did it really dirty you
were super dirty there we go oh yeah
that's perfect
yo you don't have to mimic it oh come on
how it's like wires how does this happen
connect oh come on we're not gonna get
this all the way done don't bother
trying to untangle it cuz it's just
gonna be tangled in five minutes somehow
so it's Memorial Day and we're gonna
have all the families together it's
gonna be nice because we haven't had our
family together since I only remember
like all that sunshine I'm gonna give
you a sub will give me a submarine
sandwich I'm gonna get me a sub gonna
get me a submarine sandwich gonna get
all the vegetables so I could be very
healthy it should really fit on iTunes
gonna get me some Rastafari and whatever
you gotta get a submarine sandwich guy
get a sub I have a hard time even
considering eating a hotdog now because
when I first moved away I had to go to
college I literally had hot dogs for
breakfast lunch and dinner you're never
too rich to enjoy a free turkey jog
the Futurama internet tell me in the
comments if you went to college
what was the staple food what did you
survive off of I did the macaroni and
cheese with broccoli because it's
healthy why did I do this you can either
get seven or ten and they're eight bucks
why a week here we go
beans beans the musical fruit the more
you eat the more you - oh yeah the more
you toot the better you feel so eat your
beans better meal
I'm not heard anyone say like a full and
now I got it sandwich you guys you guys
hate me because I guarantee you'll be
singing that stupid song later
go ahead Kobe you guys can tell he went
in when I wasn't paying attention just
goes he makes sure that it's water he
kind of stops like is that water
okay now go I'll get it
look at this concentration and then
Marley's trying to break the
concentration chase is like oh I'll go
outside okay so I've been holding on
Kobe's ball for a little bit mathy
I'm gonna go to the bottom got the GoPro
and we're gonna see if you can screw I
think we're 610 feet my I'm filming I'm
gonna go in the water
you need to take a break Kobe Hey Karen
Karen you get to eat it eat it eat it
open her mouth these are all for the dog
Kohi gets a little bit overworked
and he will literally drown himself
trying to swim that's why we have to
regulate them what are you doing get
ready to film you got a blog yeah
so here I wanted to see actually if it
did it on this camera - it looks blue
look through the oh wow necklace so we
are making some swipe tight nice boy
great tell you one thing I hate sweetie
yeah I think it's disgusting blasphemy
is gross you live in the north south
have you think we was talking about this
in Florida to get to the south you have
to go north and now we're gonna stop
listening because I was born in Georgia
that's where I grew up and that's what I
drink I'm pretty sure I drink sweet tea
I have a bottle what are you doing you
waiting for this thing to warm up jump I
think you can jump in I think I have
about your old shirts you need to be
dude you got to get on the Olympic team
and Marley is just looking for food here
I got you one of these fine internet
killed television t-shirts that you can
you can get on the local Internet
I'm Alyssa and I gonna see which dogs
can do the little nose trick okay this
is Tyson oh okay I would give it to him
though that's pretty close oh just put
it in my mouth oh she did it
pressures on Zoe oh I'm gonna give it to
her I'm gonna give it to her all four
dogs can essentially do that trick I'm
surprised about this one okay you try it
okay
it's gonna pop up my nose and then the
dogs are gonna eat it hey early stink
we're getting pretty good at catching it
that's all like recorded and perfect all
right
look at him shaking he's like over here
sit Charles stay look up put your chin
up chin up more it's gonna be lower it's
gonna be like
like muscular hey the best part about a
hot tub as I could fart here and no one
would know I just did no one knows oh
there we go
you got the lineup going got matching
dogs in the middle working on the turkey
burgers and the turkey dogs and all that
fun stuff
go on extra lean cuz I got to watch my
figure I said the beans are good for you
beans are good pretty hard more heat the
more your heart
CGT beans in every meal or there we go
internet justified why are you both
using phones in the pool your will you
playing Words done we got a smorgasbord
oh just this lambda you just slam the
microwave at us miss Duncan
go get your American dogs your shorts
are waterproof thank God all right we're
gonna play with this well I guess on
that note I hate sneezing I will see you
guys tomorrow if this is actually the
first time ever watching us don't forget
to click that little subscribe button so
you can watch this every single day and
yeah Kobe diving I told you I was in
lying he's been doing that since he's a
puppy we litter I literally dropped
something in a pool and he just go right
down hope you guys enjoyed the video I
will see you guys tomorrow as always and
yeah have a great day or night or
morning bye
waiter
with trippy and Ali
to be an ally don't forget
