girls get me if I had to the internet
Marley is raring to go
she's like can you please throw the ball
and I will go inside this pool because
that is what I want
actually maybe she wants to go out what
are you doing Zoey it has been the most
gorgeous weather lately we have been so
lucky and it's awesome because we have
some people in town visiting and as to
have such nice weather it's like a
blessing you know it's like it always
sucks when you travel somewhere and it's
like raining or something that actually
happens to Charles quite a lot on tour
where he goes somewhere he's really
excited to be there and that gets
terrible weather trying we're trying to
get to the beach but it's so busy you're
gonna go siesta there with people there
but it was quick our friends when
they're inside trying to try it's so
busy so now we're here and it doesn't
look like it's gonna be any better we're
still like a good ten minutes away from
even trying to park we'll see right now
right now he looks insane he looks
insane almost all the time but
especially right now I'm shadow to my ex
I
so basically completely abandoned the
pool and hot tub area and now we are in
the backyard playing with our balls
we're playing with all kinds of
different balls big balls small balls
round balls
what is the football shaped ball just
football shaped kind of pointy oval oh
my god that was a good catch
today is turning into one of those days
I never made this mistake
I shouldn't say never I haven't made it
in a long time I was sitting here trying
to clean up my computer and just kind of
go back in the office to just just try
to shape up and I accidentally deleted
my entire folder of all vlogs from this
past month and today's files so the
files that you hopefully saw earlier
we're because of recovering them if they
don't show up that means they didn't
what I am trying to recover right now I
can't believe it I'm so bummed you know
what don't lie grandpa give you any beer
no drinking underage although I think
you're definitely over 21 in dog years
okay wait so what is that thing called
what is that thing and of course I
missed it
five four in the middle three rewards
fast reaction ah so it's like you have
whoa really really are you singing Flo
Rida are you almost done summer summer
everybody's here it's really fun I think
I'd probably already said this to you
guys but it's been really really nice
having everybody around and the weather
has just been beautiful and although we
didn't make it to the beach because it
was way too friggin crowded okay guys
this is the biggest strawberry I think
I've ever seen I was like the size of my
hole oh uh ha ha hey pretty char
okay you got a look at this this is the
biggest strawberry I've ever seen I was
just here now say Peter Piper picked a
peck of pickled peppers I'm afraid of
what the hormones yeah yeah yeah how
many people have done this me ha ha ha
ha no you missed a whole part you lose
no I don't think my giant killed it more
and more this is looking grim I have
like 4 different things going on right
now
I can't what was the last time I ever
but this happening I think was like in
year 1 in the blogs they caramel last
time what happened ok so I just did a
full recovery and it's finding
everything I think cuz if the file sizes
are a lot bigger than you know they're
pretty big oh those aren't what's the
point of even the these these these are
a lot bigger but every time I go to
preview it so dude dude it's not not the
right thing I'm so angry right now I
just want I wanna I'm gonna throw this
I'm gonna punch it I don't know what I'm
gonna do
why'd you do stupid did you get the ball
stuck in the tree I didn't do that man
the room do do this and people think so
Cory is trying to get a little foxtail
dstean up there he's so close I think my
dad's gonna I think my dad's gonna try
to invent something so that uh Cory can
get it down that's the first time I
actually get to see the Sun I've been
trying to figure out how to recover all
those files for the last few pretty much
the entire day I just pretty much gave
up Marley I just kind of gave up is that
the better way to do it
I agree dude
something I've started doing in 2013 it
kind of was like a New Year's resolution
was that like any time I started getting
really overwhelmed with stress or just
frustrated in general that I would try
to take some time and just go somewhere
quiet and relaxed so that way you can
kind of manage it because I'll be
completely honest as a kid I used to
have like really bad frustration and
stress and things like that and I still
kind of get it I kind of find myself
getting overwhelmed with it but over
time you get older and you kind of
realized what's dumb what works what
doesn't work and you can kind of figure
out what works for you and I feel like
going to somewhere quiet this thing -
bugs rub their legs together and lizards
having sex like why right there come on
lizards trying to be peaceful this is
actually coming from a suggestion from a
couple of you guys to do this because I
asked like a few months ago that towards
the beginning of the year actually I
have to you guys are pretty smart you
are so smart so peaceful
okay well that couldn't work out any
better
sorry nature sorry lizards having sex
they're still there why are they still
there that's Carol driving in the dark
really fast I gotta get back for the
live show in like ten minutes
oh god oh god oh god oh god hell yeah
don't do this at home oh professional
golf car driver says oh so we are doing
a live show right now
wait adjust adjust camera adjust wait
I'm in jail we're doing a live show
because we're gonna watch the Arrested
Development now and we're gonna do it
with all at the same time ready one
everyone get ready 1 2 3 press play
floating damn it I didn't take that into
account alright guys sorry didn't see
much of me today like I said I was
having some problems with my computer I
will see you guys tomorrow hope you
enjoyed the video let me get that out
let me get that on your your pretty
little faces I will see you guys
tomorrow if this is your first video
don't forget to click the little
subscribe button and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always good night
still we say good night probably say
good night I think if they just don't
say good night that the video won't end
doesn't work like that dudes time to go
to bed
alright bye guys
wait
yes
with trippy
we don't forget
