okay that's that's one way to start the
morning now you're the only one doing it
they're like wait why are you doing it
put this on put this on put this on
ma'am with that two-inch thing yeah but
I all I got to do is stay the distance
away from it and then you can't hit me
see this is the way I know violence is
not the answer so next week we have an
appointment to see what we can do with
this pool somebody suggested doing a
giant CTFxC and I'm actually considering
it just got to see how much that'll cost
I've been pretty epic or a giant middle
finger what about a giant middle finger
that be there's a giant middle finger so
when you go and you're like oh yeah I
want to go swimming
wait a minute that's kind of rude to get
stupidly enough after cleaning the pool
this stuff is embedded in the Mar site
so that's not gonna come off at all
unless we redo it would Marley go Marley
Marley get over here she keeps trying to
eat our neighbors tomatoes no let's go
come on
want a piece of pizza huh do you want
one okay Molly wants pizza just really
trying
there's no the frosting you depressing
they pissed
it's just frosting you get a bite of the
cheek somewhere
bite it she is yet to step on the ground
she's still floating in the air so um
can you just I have it all please girls
they just want to take it and run there
it is Zoey
there it is why they give it another
CTFxC tattoo oh my god I'm just gonna
start crying oh my god you were just
outside that doesn't mean open the door
for me ma'am
that means I need to pee so if you don't
have to pee don't touch the Bell if you
hit that Bell one more time I am NOT
gonna take you out funny you're funny
ma'am so I promised myself with my OCD
Dennis that I was only gonna do pretty
much this and get all the you know the
fun little weeds but then I looked at
this and I realized they have to do all
this otherwise I would be cringing every
time I walked out here which I was this
morning I walked out I'm like oh come on
I mean in all honesty who doesn't like
to spray water at like 1,800 psi admit
it good minute
hello money to plan oh yes all right
watch this before
I didn't do that it was just there the
differences between Zoey Marley part 2
this is Zoey
lick lick gentle gentle demonic she's
not even gonna let go with the paper the
difference is between so it's been so
nice to just hang out guys and go
swimming huh this actually might
classify as me but what about wouldn't
we redo the pool we designed it so
there's a ball in the middle so Marley's
always trying to get the ball actually
Kobe would probably die down there
wouldn't look at that full stretch may I
have your attention please
just because it says HDR on Instagram
does not mean your photo will
necessarily become high dynamic the
second you click that to your photo that
is all I guess that really wasn't a fact
I just had that I had to say I had to
get that off my chest what are we doing
are we eating here we're tired it's just
like a day where you just want to do
that but it's really nice out dude you
gotta get some thumbs so you can help me
with this
what what no I'm gonna look my buddy all
right I'm gonna try to read what's going
I'm gonna recreate a job
I did it
oh how did how did that happen I barely
I barely freaking touched it wait oh
come on seriously I barely touched it
the wheel got all bent awesome unless
the door didn't get on my head doesn't
look that bad well what did we learn
today
snuggling Zoe are you sleepy puppy why
are you putting that on now can I give a
kissy
no but look at your lips that is gonna
go on mine that is gonna go that will go
all over my lips all that sparkly
bronzer no go to the side no I'm sorry
no it's going come here I have an idea
kiss my hand is that like stay on you
stuff I hate lip gloss no in chapstick
and lipstick and bronzer and all that
stuff I want to kiss your lips I don't
want to kiss your dunk on your lips
you're gonna head that mean it's gonna
hurt I want to win this
this is Ali trying to get the camera
that is now submerged you're like a
wounded penguin well everyone's still
partying I will see you guys tomorrow if
you guys are brand new to our videos
don't forget to click the little
subscribe button and you can see us
every single day
what are you doing Marley where you
going oh I'm just gonna go over here
love you guys and I will see you guys
tomorrow good night
worse
with y'all trippin
we're
with Dirty Harry
