what does that your hot tub do that's no
that's my blue that's my blue pool dance
look good it doesn't look like a swamp
today we're filling up the party tub
what's on why save head leap of death
you suck at this
I don't want to hurt him up I'll get him
you hold the view hold the camera I'll
get him save him oh he's swimming Wow
we're gonna go I've actually never seen
a lizard swim whoa he's missing a hand
it looks like yeah just put him on the
end of that
okay okay go go go go not back in go the
other way we're rinsing them because I
don't want the chlorine to kill him all
right there we go say hi to the Internet
safety
now stop messing with Marley wait wait
there was a dinosaur and you kept us
inside stupid domestic stuff I've
noticed when we backwash the pool
totally green where are we oh that's
lovely
where Marley does that totally not green
how is being mr. manleigh over there
helping install it I'm pretty pumped at
the pools like it's blue now it's the
little things guys there's little
victories in life girlfriend try to get
off the gate you decided you can't get
out coming up
okay I'd rather than know the reason why
I'm making them do that and slow yeah
slow version because I don't want them
headfirst doing this so remember last
year when I had to do this entire thing
and that I did it like an idiot just
before hurricane season well I'm doing
it again just before her can't see this
see there's all these weeds and stuff
and I was gonna do like like poison to
kill them but this is a lot more fun by
the way I can basically just explode
them everywhere
yeah somebody's freaking high so weird
like randomly I just get in the mood to
clean all right it looks so much better
doesn't it
what everything just went in the pool
what would you do if I tapped you in
that pushed you I was just a tap what
about if I tickled you in you but if a
tickle it's not really pushing when
you're not gonna get me in more than
this yeah but if I tickled you in who
will sure what you where's your chance
anyway it's your chance no no there's a
little family outing oh yeah he gets
smart come on you're already in these
like short shorts come on go yeah I do I
do I have my phone - I do seriously
well squirrel friend is taunting Marley
over there now oh good yeah tackling
there's Marley to get you are chasing
squirrel what have an old lady
in old
you are legal no coming in the house wet
she's dripped fall in the house thank
fam did you like my water walk no I
didn't say go I replaced you let the
record show that she pushed me so when
Ali falls in the point not really going
by herself
Oh No keep kicking look at all that
water coming off Marley's chest there's
like she's peeing everywhere
why are you pissing pissing yourself I'm
guarding myself three different devices
all of which all of which are under
warranty though it's just your phone got
to make sure there's no trolls under
that bridge
so I'm taking zillion barley to kind of
air dry right now because they're
soaking wet I was reading an article at
the BBC is really kind of funny like the
timing it was I was reading the article
I thought it was interesting it was
about gif or Jif you know like the
animated like file you know like JPEG
and PNG but you know gif I was on my
iPad looking through my newsfeed and I
saw that and I got really interested
because I used to get in so many
arguments with people about how to
pronounce that I say gif like gif like a
gift and I know there's a lot of other
people are like no it's jiff like Jif
peanut butter so I'm reading this
article and I see this quote by Michael
Buckley on there and then this article
is so funny that I was just reading it
quoted me so I wanted to ask you guys
how do you pronounce that dot gif do you
say gif or do you say jiff
tell me in the comments recently the
inventor went on record saying it's jiff
I don't I do not care I will continue
saying gift backing up backing up
backing up backing up I want to have a
heated war in the comments let's be
friendly though i heated a friendly war
especially if you agree with me I'm
leaving your money no no no no no no
okay ah mine so he's like that's mine
that's my land this is like my favorite
time of day just like relaxing drive the
golf cart just kind of chill it's like
perfect like unwind time from all the
stress of emails and phone meetings and
all that fun stuff
good hey Ron yeah I guess it down whoa
check out the moon up dammit there we go
now you can see it check this out
there's just one cloud and the entire
sky is the single cloud at night oh by
the way the other day I was asking you
guys if we should do like a quick live
show to watch the new Arrested
Development season when it comes out on
Sunday so we are gonna do that I still
don't know the time yet basically if you
have absolutely no idea what I'm talking
about Netflix is releasing the brand new
season of Arrested Development
I'm a huge fan of that and I thought
it'd be kind of fun to do like a live
show we all like watch it together and
actually if you don't have Netflix or
anything like that they support the show
you go to Netflix COMSOL CTFxC they have
given the CTFxC a free month trial and
that supports the show and all that fun
stuff so if you guys want to check it
out but on Sunday I'll tweet on my
Twitter like the time and maybe we'll
all watch a couple episodes together I
thought it'd be fun like an interactive
movie day I guess this TV show but it's
go faster
Oh getting dizzy
Oh okay I'm getting dizzy okay I just
realized how stupid my hair is right now
why didn't you guys tell me so I just
dropped the pups off and I just had a
hankering for a burrito sorry I had to
go and get it before they close ally
actually just meant to meet up with one
of her friends who just graduated
college which is super exciting for her
to be completely honest I think I've
talked about it before the the medicine
that I currently have to take right now
it's called dilantin and it's just I
don't know right about this time every
single day and just I just beat it just
makes me so freaking tired but I can't
do anything like I'm barely able to
drive to get food right now last year
when I first had to start taking it when
I had the brain surgery I remember there
was that whole point where I had to kind
of adjust and it's like the same thing
I'm doing right now and it just wrecks
me but I think I give my ieg results
maybe in a week and a half or something
like that so hopefully once I get that I
can maybe have them change my medication
to something to where I'm packed like an
old man taking it every single day that
or they allow to me allow me to drink
more caffeine which I completely
wouldn't be opposed to at all because
that could also be what's going on is
because I used to be drinking at least
you know a couple day of coffee and now
I don't drink any caffeine at all it's
annoying but you know you just have to
do you know what I thought that would
make me feel better
blueberry muffins oh yeah oh there's
something a little bit well I'm gonna
try to get some sleep guys if this is
the first video you guys are brand new
don't forget to click the subscribe
button and I will I will share half this
muffin with you yeah hot dog very hungry
so I was in you guys tomorrow have a
great night hope you enjoyed the video
are you alright
see what you did
worse yet sexy
with tripping
we're safety
to it with Dirty Harry
