hey guys so it is super early in the
morning I thought I'd be you know wake
up and be productive and all that fun
stuff but I feel like complete and utter
crap so I'm just going to hit the
restart button let's just pretend let's
restart button and I'll see you guys in
a bit
and much better what's wrong you tell me
hurt okay I have an idea I'm gonna try
this I'm gonna try to make this like I'm
gonna put a little bit of peanut butter
and water I'm gonna shake it up and then
we'll try to pour it on Zoe's food and
see if that helps her feel better this
is gonna be so gross mmm
nearly mmm my look in your bowl you
weirdo well Marley's happy I'm gonna try
it what are you doing so what are you
gonna do now well there were those
fabulous shoes and now you have to jump
it oh my god please be careful go go go
go you can do it don't rip your nice
white pants
you can do it you can do it Joe made it
Oh
going to the make up make up make up
make up make up make up thing that we
don't need to go to you because we
already have way too much makeup but
we're doing it anyway we haven't had
just me a new date and so my I have to
show you guys this I walked around the
corner they never do this
you guys actually hanging out you guys
chillin so I just took another random
turn while driving the golfcart around
and I found a freaking park man it's
been an adventure as week I have to show
you I'm only gonna show you one thing
cuz I'll do and I'll do a makeup video
and I will show you some of the products
that I got but I'm going a little crazy
because there's all these new things
coming out I'll show you one of my
favorite things that I got I don't even
know if you can see it it's probably not
even in the light enough it's like
shimmer but Matt I don't even know how
to explain it it's like it's like a
matte bronze almost like container it's
actually the one that I have on my lips
right now it's called sheer seduction
and now I'm totally ready for summer so
we were talking about how there was like
this mean thing circulating around it
was a picture of Justin Timberlake and
it said it's gonna be May you know there
are many many things on the internet and
like people are sometimes horrible and
there's like you know trolls and
bullying and all that horrible stuff but
at the same time there's someone out
there who grew up in the 90s and knew
that song and like loved it and came up
with that joke and then you had a
Photoshop and made it and put it out
there it's so cool that we have the
ability to like connect with other
people in that way and it makes you
reminisce and it makes you laugh and
it's just really cool like the Internet
can do a lot of really good things too
oh this is nice
yeah go investigate this is gorgeous how
come I didn't know this was here
ha ha well I'm having flashbacks you
know what this reminds me of it's like
almost identical over that Park we used
to always go to how would we live did
that other apartment look just like this
the older vlogs those have you been
watching for a long time probably know
exactly what I'm talking about if not
just watching older vlogs just like it
this is something about me I love
discovering new things within old things
when you're playing on your iPhone
you've had an iPhone since the iPhone 1
or something like that and then all of a
sudden you discover something new and
you're like oh my god I just love the
idea of rediscovering or discovering
something new like when you just assume
that you've discovered everything and
you know everything about someplace or
something and then boom you've got
something else keeps things interesting
I think that's actually something about
me that I never really told you guys
about bridge oh cool oh sorry talk about
leaving your mark on things and now
we're back yep we're back in the road
row always I see I guess it's like a a
reminder or a lesson just take a random
turn sometimes you never know where
you're gonna end up
you won alright got some chlorine now I
can get rid of the swampy pool drive it
in my back yeah yeah
so I'm sitting here trying to clean the
pool try to D swamp this thing how did
you get out there
wait is this how did you get in here mr.
dinosaur guy I gotta save your ass again
okay alright there we go alright quit
whinin go get the ball ready before I
put all the chlorine in ready we'll get
it yeah it's not gonna happen that way
dude this is kind of nice everyone's
kind of having a nice relaxing day which
is really needed because a lot of fun
things are actually gonna be happening
oh by the way did I tell you guys the
new we're the Kings tour dates have been
posted I never get to tell you guys that
they're on the Wii the King sits we the
Kings music amor facebook.com slash we
the kings go check out the cities and
all the stuff I think they go on sale
today
I think the tickets are on sale to come
glad I remembered that because I want to
see a ton of CTFxC airs on this tour
cleaning the pool that would be bad
let's just take a break you're being so
calm can we take this off jump it's warm
she's finally I always swim in bottles
of Fuji and this looks like Mountain Dew
I had to get the 7d because I wanted to
show you guys her face when she does
this it's so adorable you good I'm gonna
see if I can attach you guys tomorrow
wait
Zoe loves to just chill on those steps
she's probably fall asleep girlfriend
don't you dare lie to me sir
slowly he will degree defy his pool so
that way he could swim with ease nothing
will survive everything will perish hey
it's my neighbor yeah YouTube he says hi
will perish what all right ghosts women
you pansy have you noticed like in every
place we move like my neighbors slowly
think I'm crazy they think I'm really
crazy and then they think I'm insane
like a trend what oh it's your favorite
game time to clean out the refrigerator
I don't even I don't even know what this
is I don't even want to know what that
and I'm really afraid to know what to me
Oh Oh show me what argan oil is
wait what does that have this is
something oh this is cute I've seen this
it's really gross or you're gonna go
liver yeah don't put it in your mouth
but I have to return the foundation that
I got from NARS and I want to talk to
you guys about it I actually talked
about it in my makeup video which is
going to be like today on my channel and
I had I had to switch out some colors
because the tent was not right the tone
was not ready for me but so we're gonna
try it I've never had it before okay
just kidding we're going to Panera
because they closed less than 10 minutes
and all their sound stuff is put away
and we are so done where are we going to
go we're so picky there's one restaurant
that's open in the world of course it is
much better what are you doing there
ping pong balls why do you people on
balls if I make it I will buy a new one
let me see if I can do it Oh two or
three oh three oh that was going in
sieving gonna mica well on that note
Photoshop fake he ruined my wife I will
see you guys tomorrow don't forget to
subscribe if you guys are new to our
videos what do you want to see your
prays to be you know what better secret
phrase for today I want you to try to
make it again
oh so secret phrase today is fake have a
great night bye
a waiter
and worse yet sexy
with y'all trippin
with struck again
don't forget filling
