all right Marley be good we're gonna go
play with some lions and tigers no you
can't come they'll probably eat you no
you can't punch them no you can't come
Marley you cannot punch them quick we
got to beat the train debating it you
truly are the vin diesel every time I
look at that it always makes me like
really busy we just got to the big cat
rescue here in Tampa Florida this is
Chris this is Jeff hey can we come back
with the same number of guests right
Yeah right
hey little Bobcat he's just overseeing
everything at the big kitty yeah and he
gonna let opportune left two to three
times their body weight they literally
are everywhere so if you see their
enclosures they aren't locked into one
particular area unless we need to work
there but he can wander from all the way
up here all the way to the back and if
we need to work an area we can actually
close the guillotine do so okay yeah
it's like a giant hamster cage so Chris
is gonna give him catnip apparently they
react the same way when issues take the
bank so you can this pair up shred it
Jesse have a friend if it's a true
friend he'll Fiona yo really that's what
they do so his friend is the barrel the
goal of offering is eventually to be
able to do this without getting down
oh this is crazy
I think it heard you saying he was fat
hello cougar I love his eyes how he just
stares at you like you just told a bad
joke it's just like a house cat freaks
out over catnip don't forget to bring a
towel do you think he had too much
catnip in a sanctuary environment it's
not good to have the animals have
contact or breed because I'm just sort
of exacerbates the problem I keep trying
to think of good and interesting things
to say but now just like they just make
sure to get the flower in the Sean
alright James get my back now typically
you don't walk towards that oh that's a
lion if it talks back to my poop lily in
every white tiger that's ever existed in
captivity since the early 50s can be
genetically related back to one found in
India so this does not succeed in a
while because if you're white you don't
hide or hunt yeah it's called an
epistatic gene it's not dominant or
recessive it's called epistatic
like no joke that thing is the king of
animal it's humongous its face is like
the size of a cooler who's gonna have
that Bobcat Goldthwait even looks like
Jurassic Park all the way over there so
she's choosing the big stunning area
today
so Nikita was found at about a year of
age chained to a wall in a crack house
in Tennessee you expect to see drugs
it's like um okay we're gonna go out
okay watch when Chris gets kind of close
how big that thing is that is HUGE
would just absolutely wreck you both a
nice smile this cats named Simba
now Wow way over your head yeah just
about a thousand pounds per square inch
or we have a hundred so you know hard
press hold that's they can even bone
like me with a pencil and now you know
let me get that off my lip oh you just
got a tiger hey come on
so you've officially fed a tiger tiger
and it was amazing Yeah right that's a
bucket list right there
uh-huh
I don't want any shorter of a pole
either there you go oh yeah
thank you
all right chewy calm down and Ali just
saw that and had a mild panic attack
right there guys but they were chained
up in Ohio they had to surgically remove
the collar because it grew into her neck
got like Jennifer Aniston hair you both
are the same age so what is this it's a
pin tool where they normally say out in
Southeast Asia sleeping in trees all day
first time ever seen this animal I've
never seen it yeah yeah here just hit
pause if you guys want to read about it
those are all scratches on the tree
what'd you do over there you can leave
any animal on this its entire life lion
tiger leopard any animal there anything
I mean this is like there's this is the
best reminder that like this of this
stuff cannot happen oh there's a duck
back here
I genuinely claustrophobic yeah well we
didn't see reeling yeah yeah just
looking in the woods filming a vlogging
right now and then you just see this oh
is that a tiger what would you do if you
saw that in wild right oh what's this
I'm vlogging in the woods now there's
two Tigers they are adorable what do you
think she's thinking when she's looking
at you I think she's just thinking like
pizza eat the pizza
so you notice how we keep throwing stuff
in there Chris runs the YouTube channel
description I'll go check it out
actually in the comments he does all
these fun things where he throws frozen
watermelons in their tubes and stuff in
the comments give ideas on what they
could possibly do it yeah no control
like helicopters that way we can send it
to them and then they'll film it and put
on their YouTube channel there's no way
there's no way see how far you can hit
it okay you got a downhill help it's
just a Florida Fish and Wildlife
regulation for two tigers this is all
they get go check that out guys so we
just got a brick man see brick you have
to look we're gonna have a brick and you
can find us find the CTFxC one take a
photo and send it to us well that was
awesome so we had to go really early to
the big cat rescue
it's going past out right now you're not
supposed to be up here this is because
they never been to us well oh alright
had that coming today's one of those
days where I just like think about like
how lucky I am I get to do what I do
like I never thought in a million years
I get to feed a tiger at an animal
rescue this definitely was eye-opening
as much as it was entertaining and fun
to be around all those big animals but I
hope you guys had a lot of fun actually
too
Jesus and if you guys have any other
awesome things we should do like we just
want a sip line I went to Ripley's we
just didn't beat the big cat rescue let
me know in the comments and Ally and I
will look into it and start saving and
trying to make it happen as soon as
possible because in all honesty these
you know it's just much for you guys as
it is for us and we have a lot of fun
doing it and a lot of fun sharing with
you guys I really want to make sure you
guys know how much we appreciate you
guys watching every single day
supporting us and just all around being
awesome you've been dancing a lot lately
get your flower don't eat that it's you
know if I'm carrying it it's called the
briefcase all of a sudden I just turned
into a zombie I just got so tired relax
we're watching Arrested Development
because you if you guys know arrests of
elements coming out with the new season
on Netflix and we're just kind of
rewatching all the episodes if you
actually have never seen this show
you've been living under a rock
okay go to Netflix calm CTFxC this is
our link where you guys get a free trial
go there get your free trial and then
watch the seasons 1 through 3
so when season 4 comes out actually I
wanted to ask guys do you think we
should have like maybe an episode party
line every Sunday like do a live show
watch a couple of episodes with you guys
would you want to do it if you guys want
us to do it tell us in the comments and
yeah so go to Netflix calm CTFxC and if
you guys didn't know it'll give you a
free trial of Netflix and you can watch
this and all these other fun movies and
TV shows so if that's your homework
what's your making fish to mr. Kristo
you make him PS here's your pizza I'm
gonna eat some peace my battery's dying
oh no jeez oh I gotta do this fast
because the cameras dying see see right
up there wasn't lying
see it's flashing anyway I hope you guys
enjoy the video if you guys are new to
our videos please don't forget to
subscribe so you can see us every single
day and yeah I hope you guys I hope you
enjoy it was a lot of cats and I know
the internet likes cats giant cats well
I think the cameras gonna die so alright
see you tomorrow bye
waiter
worse yet
giddy with child tripping
with trippy
