okay so what type of melon can't get
married my tight can't elope well good
news this thing is recording I think
good news I think this is recording and
it's coming off my head explosion hey
let me just I'm going to be bald look
natural hair job wait I can't vlog and
try to be safe here what feel it this is
a weird it's like all this it's like dry
and green he's like I rolled him sand I
know what that feels like now okay all
right
that's really rude then he went over
here then ran back
did he that's really rude
that's super rude and then you laid down
the hide really so she's not lying okay
so now I don't know who to believe I was
just in my office setting up a bed
because Christine and Eric are gonna
chill with us for the night
and I saw the cutest thing ever little
notes that I didn't see it's so cute
oh that's all gone
I think it should just wear it like this
see the back
so the new Xbox came out today everyone
was geeking out kind of looks like a
PlayStation doesn't it I mean from the
footage that I have seen though it looks
like it's going to be pretty pretty sick
I don't like Xbox one it just kind of
Xbox one just seems like Xbox the first
one you want I mean I'm sure if your
PlayStation fans or Nintendo fans you
probably hate it I will say this though
dogs actually look freaking real finally
is it me or just do dogs always look so
stupid in video games so Xbox one what's
the verdict CTFxC thumbs up or thumbs
down alright go pee pee break good job
Zoe you own that piece of land
alright Marley owns that land nobody's
with this land
hey Corp looks on my land a buck that's
what are you doing that way thank you
okay no you good alright we're good now
so remember that alligator so the other
day I showed it to a bunch of people and
member I said it was like three to four
feet people were telling me it was
actually probably in the range of five
to six feet which is pretty freakin
insane because I've never seen an
alligator that big outside of the
environment of a zucchini turtle nothing
yep is it nope supportive I'm like
looking over here watch is gonna be like
right on the freaking road alright not
there which is probably a good thing who
Hills
did you hear that that's a freaking
vulture gross today just this once
go get them give you one squirrel you
take 50 quit claiming everything now we
gotta pick up Marley no no no no more
squirrels and what have we learned today
Charles is this a dinosaur you were
talking about he is not nearly as big as
you made it seem I don't know if I could
believe Marley anymore No
yeah I definitely can't believe her is
this the dinosaur you've been pinning
all the bad stuff on really not evil
just look at my hand he's just chillin
there Zoe is this the dinosaur right
here that she's been talking about
you've been ratted out dude I knew
you've been lying all right mr. lizard
I'm sorry mr. dinosaur run away you're
free
special guests because Eric and
Christina Charles just took the girls
for golf cart ride and Eric hasn't seen
the puppies in so long oh yeah it was a
really long time ago so they're gonna
come in now that we said that they'll
probably just walk in no they're gonna
flip out I like it looks pretty you
doing there we want to tell the Internet
what you did that ominous fact all Zoe
well we need to clean our house because
it is disgusting okay second of all I
was doing some dishes and I cut my
finger a right underneath my fingernail
all right all right right there yeah
chew something why are you outside you
dingleberry well I don't know make sure
she's fine
Oh
all right Thunder buddies we very good
decide so it's low mountain of onion
rings go for it I know you're waiting
and fried pickles and you're getting
Buffalo I'm gonna try it okay wait so is
there meat there drinkin next to it so I
can see how big it is so remember what
was it two weeks ago there was maybe a
week and a half ago drop my uh my iPhone
off the moving golf cart well if we just
slowly pan down here we could clearly
see that the camera fell off and I don't
know how but exploded the battery the
good news is the SD card is fine which
is good because otherwise we wouldn't
have a vlog today pretty much you guys
can just facepalm on this one just in
the comments facepalm my pocket remind
me that's in my pocket remind me that
the footage that you just watch and are
watching currently is in my pocket and
then I need to edit it well figure that
one out what's hand which hand is it it
had a good run oh my god but I just
realized I thought that was my camera
but that turns out to be your camera and
I'm truly sorry that's why you know
here's the awesome thing about having a
million-in-one cameras we have all these
extra batteries so I am finally fed up
with this thing I want to figure out how
to cover it up kind of want to do like a
big crazy stained glass maybe the same
glass CTFxC right there
so have a big Zowie right there yeah
right you guys liked it so much we're
gonna do Marley cam while we're gone
just to see what she does how long you
beat your record this time
the garrix that was just put more like
flowers there think it needs more
flowers more flowers all the flowers in
the world wait do your best impression
of link oh yes II just get ready for
this
dude's got to do the ultimate power ones
shopping for a rug
how could you say no it's your favorite
rug so how long did it take this time
Marley oh the same dinosaur the dinosaur
right guys admit it
no you admit it yeah you hide your head
so guess what we're doing tomorrow guys
well I should say as long as there's no
freaking rain or mud or something like
that
we were actually invited to go feed
tigers and lions tomorrow yeah and we're
gonna be making something called blood
sickles I don't know what to expect with
that so yeah it's a mall it's gonna be
pretty epic you guys are new to our
videos or you haven't subscribed yet
make sure to click the subscribe button
you should you should do it right now
everyone click subscribe do it now right
now click click subscribe I don't
actually where is it on screen that way
you can see what we do tomorrow with the
lions and tigers I don't know if they
have bears oh my
but yeah it should be pretty fun I will
see you guys tomorrow hope you guys have
fun today and get some sleep or if
you're watching this in the morning have
a good day or for the afternoon continue
having a good day
see you guys
wait
worse yet
giddy with y'all trippin
yeah
with trip in early
