okay wait wake up you have a light gosh
it's five o'clock in the morning so I
just blow hi guys today I get wired up
again
it was my angry face or my poop face I
don't know let's get this like weird
good like that I do crazy lights the
worst part of it take three oh my god
it's back well for those of you who have
been watching our videos for a while you
know what this is if you guys are new
this is called EEG also known a pain in
the ass it measures brainwaves to make
sure my brain is cool and like all this
fun stuff it allows me to blow things up
so I gotta wear this for at least 24
hours which is good because it's not 48
it's not 72 it's 24 and what's also good
is that it's freaking recording you
don't believe me I hold on let me show
you that's at the window down for safety
mini explosion
told you all right you got it plugged in
all that got it it gives you standing in
confidence like that just like like in
the the wild wild west when you get
ready that's what I want you to reach
for it and you have to stand like that
until it's ready
add an even number let's do 50 just an
even number ah oh that was pretty good
oh did you get out of 50 do you guys
care about just having your gas tank
full or do you have to always stop it
and get your gas at an even number like
61 50 or 70 or 50 or 40 or does it not
matter it could be like 39 42 I have to
always have an even number either 50 or
zero what about you guys in the Internet
are you actually genuinely of curious yo
nincompoop you're very loud and you're
not supposed to be doing that it like
monitors my brain like waves and stuff
like that
I know just like when your stomach hurts
it's annoying
well thank you so e when did you learn
to talk like this by the way though he
knows what she's barking Marley has no
idea she's barking at what over there so
we have something special being
delivered today oh okay let's take two
so we have something steak three so we
have something special being delivered
today Hot Tub Time Machine so you
totally ruined the dramatic effect
drinking contest
she's gonna totally own you she's gonna
drink like a gallon before you can get
like Oh
Taurus and now a super special secret
montage of these two dudes trying to
move this gigant the hot tub into the
back of our house oh there goes another
corner yeah totally got it oh yes we got
our new spa
oh hi Christine we got a new Christine
or a few months ago I think may have
been actually a lot of months ago we did
a promotion where we gave away a hot tub
to one of you guys well we got a hot tub
ourself from bullfrog spas and it was
just delivered today
there's water this looks mother you
can't get in there guys I would like to
go in the small please this is just what
I need because I can't really go
swimming right now but I can sit down
and basically boil myself and cook
myself like a lobster look at this what
is that it is an mp3 you can do pleasure
as your iPod in there speakers in it we
got like the speakers in it
that is so cool inspector Marley is it
okay is it to your standards
okay okay so we have to you have to name
it what do you want to name it
Gertrude Freddie Freddie Freddie the hot
tub in the comments I want you guys to
name the hot tub do you want to do it
then I want you guys to thumb up the
ones that you guys want the most do not
escape then ally and I are gonna go
through the comments find the top three
that you guys like them the top three
that we like and then we're gonna have
you guys vote and the winner will get a
bunch of CTFxC merch I figured that'd be
kind of a fun little game simple rules
just give me a hot tub names everyone
else thumb up the one you guys like
we'll pick the top three you guys vote
winner gets free CTFxC stuff and
definitely got it I gotta say thank you
to bullfrog spas for hooking us up this
is this is awesome I've always wanted a
hot tub and no no doggies allowed you go
in this green lagoon okay
okay now she wants in you just want it
out
destruction key
I'm so tired I need to worry I need to
just keep these on it's like old times
have you told them were you doing no
telling what you're doing how did you do
this
the door's locked I can clearly see
you're on the outside
you saw the dinosaur
wait this is how you got out there
Hey look dude that's how you did it
Zoe what is going on whoa look so cool
you're like twenty five times already
she doesn't she won't go well I think
you go up this way and then you go over
here
Allie just pointed out that just looks
like Independence Day with the big
spaceship with the aliens coming through
Charles come on I went in the house to
get more crackers so I can finish my
cheese it's still good there you go
there you want it falls and then Marley
eats it all
Jessi showed me these things but
basically you know pumpkin seeds but you
just do it with cantaloupes and well
you're sure I'm having a hard time
remembering how to cut a candle up the
proper way you bake them the same way as
pumpkin seeds and they're just as
delicious I don't think you did this way
what kind of cantaloupe No rinse it and
drain much you makin get de l'aube seeds
you're dripping you're dripping moving
cooking with Charles oh my god cooking
with Charles eighties intro that would
be amazing so the Creator is now helping
me your mom's recipe we are passing it
on to the internet now what are you
trying to make mine alright pop those
hot buns go fast like a band-aid oh come
on
so anti-climatic poof it's like a silent
fart it's turned in tonight a nice
little baking vlog here oh yeah
carefully be gentle and separate the bat
do you separate the buns
it's an ungreased cookie sheet or do I
have to also increase the buns no always
grief Amana diet Jesse had the idea we
did it with honeydew as well we know how
Jesse likes their bones really agree too
many puns okay what is this
they're not hot yeah they're this is
still cold you get what you're warming
up yeah you can do the dance wait oh
damn just are myself
get away hands off my buns hands off my
body don't it problems you have a little
something on your face honey it's right
there there you go you got it
ha no I got it no good look who's coming
out I'll just clean up after you - yeah
well Oh
so today it's been a kind of a busy
exhausting day as you can imagine but
you know what the busyness comes
awesomeness that's that's what I like to
say don't forget in the comments to name
the hot tub so that we can do that
contest and actually if this is your
first video and you're new to CTFxC
don't forget to click the subscribe
button and that way you can see us every
single day and we could see you every
single day trust me it's worth it all
right well I gotta go to bed guys I
gotta try to figure out the thing comes
off tomorrow so I'm pretty pumped good
luck in the contest and I will see you
guys tomorrow as always good I guess
yes
with y'all trippin
with European Harry don't forget to
