it is waffle time they've a whole
plethora of food fresh whipped cream
what are you doing
whipped cream don't use the serving
spoon don't put it back in there is that
the same finger Charles do you know
anything about the kitchen get out of
here get out I think I've had a papaya
people say it tastes like poop Oh smells
like peanuts no smell it you guys want a
banana I offer to you first no get that
out of my face sir
oh come on you don't like anything
healthy I would like a Big Mac please I
have nothing in my hands right now
nothing's in my hand ready ready Mike
catch that just proves that you're not
even paying attention flip back over
look look at those eyes just like
judging eyes so we didn't film it
yesterday but Marlee somehow figured out
that Olga had some fudge some peanut
butter fudge no you did eat the fudge
Olga showed us the wrappings it's not
all this fault you went in a room do you
promise not to do it again of course
you're gonna do it again
what do you mean it's our fault Marley
you got to stop doing that dude now
you've got to stop doing that like your
faces no you are now so we're heading
back to the beach and we're playing the
game of there we go you have to stop
people and try to find a parking space
what about this one one of these are
pretty good so far this already looks
illegal do we have to fight this person
is she's gonna try to hawk over and take
it I'll fight you Jesse I'll fight you
sorry you have to do this apparently
there's a volleyball tournament going on
right now do you want to be maverick or
goose Justin I think use dies 30 years
old I think we just spoiled Top Gun I
apologize I could totally beat him you
know I just I just don't feel like doing
it right now
is that the sunscreen dance there Olga
is it off yeah yeah there's no more way
you're lying in there
maybe you got their most expensive soda
every 350 James had a dick out of a
mortgage
because he's gonna live in that cup
after because they're that expensive
look who we found hello what's your name
hi here CJ of experience awesome high
five hello what's your name Dave hi
I wanna see August two-handed spiral
again Oh deep hey another ball comes
into play what is this madness I've
always wanted to do this but I've never
done it Santa Claus I always wanted to
do this it's just one of those things I
just wanted to check the bucket list you
know this why elephants do this cool do
it good people in the live show we're
asking if I ever get embarrassed when I
do things
answer's no daddy
exfoliating Wow look at that now
everyone else beat now would you come to
the beach that's what you have to do in
the middle of all these people right you
got it I care okay Jesse is making Ally
into a mermaid this this is nice this is
nice I'm doing it nice good job I mean
people know that you're a fish did you
just fart in there check out these
awesome slow-motion beat chefs here's
the football coming right at your face
look out here's another football where
it's gonna go we're not sure looks like
Justin's gonna making that big catch of
and in the water oh yeah I have this
thing where I can't be those the
furthest guy out so there's a guy right
there there's the guy right there
however stay right here I think he just
started to become shark bait it's way
too obvious Ally when you go away from
us she's peeing
thank God
we've gone here since we were in high
school it's one of our favorite place oh
my god you're so poised to go this right
we shouldn't carve on it because this is
where you said every time sorry no I
always sit right by an elephant it is
really really weird so we just got back
from the beach I'm just kind of hanging
out with the dogs kind of resting right
now I can't believe the grass is dying
this is pissing me off there's so much
she's got really tired it's but it sucks
cuz this medication that I've been on
ever since the second a third seizure I
guess it's just been making me so
exhausted like I'm just like falling
asleep but like 11:30 and midnight which
is if you know me I go to bed at like
2:00 or 3:00 hit in the morning so it's
been really kind of screwing up my whole
like going out and having fun with
everybody but I don't know like I have
that EEG tomorrow and hopefully they
kind of make sure my brain is cool and
maybe they can give me on a different
medicine that doesn't make me so tired
and drowsy it makes me feel like I'm
like 80 years old sometimes falls all
there goes oh what's going on here I got
a question is this actually could
probably bite me in the ass if you guys
didn't know how old I am better yet if
you don't know how old I am
tell me in the comments just by my
mannerisms and like what I look like how
old do you think I am yeah this is
probably gonna bite me in the ass
just fuck it up the camera yo
sorry puppy intermission but yeah
tomorrow's that EEG luckily I only have
to do it for one day which is good which
I don't know why I had it for two days
if I only have to do it for real
whatever baby gave is gonna turn into
giant Gator what are you doing now she's
just taunting you okay can I go alright
cookie what's out of that right there
what's that don't what's that don't
what's that look at the baby ones I
think that one no it's really hot gonna
burn yourself come on they're done we're
like torturing everyone here they
torture you they're like they're not
done yet even though if you're well you
are more than welcome to burn the crap
out of yourself you want you to cook it
right now so tomorrow Olga leaves sad
faith I would say bye go check her out
on her Channel okay I had so much fun
with you guys and with you guys and
everybody thank you so much
this is trying to do facial recognition
radio on your face as well as that over
there and it's just going back and forth
with the focus there we go so I got a
brush me so I gotta go just pretend like
that happened the first time you know
brush my teeth tomorrow morning and you
give that robot thing on my head all
those wires if you guys are new to our
videos don't forget to click the
subscribe button so you can watch this
every single day and yeah I will see you
guys well hope you enjoyed the video
have a great night I guess
we wait
merci psst
with trippy and alleys
with just opinion early
