good morning guys instead of relaxing
Olga I've decided to set up shop in the
middle of the nail salon I know you're
doing a great job she's doing way better
than I am
look at me I'm being a diva today
because my face looks like this you're
so professional the eternal struggle
lipstick yours ever so slowly they're
ready know that word cuz you have the
makeup okay actually it was good I just
got different makeups to make it's
better this is why I don't like makeup
trust me no see
so Ally and older shooting a video how
is shooting one for Ally channel 4
something calling it a haul video anyway
that'll be up in Ally's channel in a
couple days
very Berber brook and bird running I
like all those people running running
stop signs this we've turned left
they're much idiot Wow dude my I'm
literally salivating so much I can
barely talk my mouth is watering good
mmm
she loves it too but she's not allowed
to have any no you are not allowed to
have this I don't care if you're hungry
you already had breakfast I fed you like
ten minutes ago such a tude you look
pretty we should get married
so let's get my hey let's give a very
hot stuff yeah we should probably just
get married see you later
nope little Eve yeah what up what stop
it load up oh my got it's annoying yeah
getting a little bit of adventurous
today I've never been here you got a
little bridge here it's nice it's cozy
that's a squirrel do you guys see that
giant Gator in front of me that thing's
gotta be at least 4 or 5 feet welcome to
Florida kind of feel like I should be
going the other way
alright you're freaking me out dude go
away see I guess that's what happens
when you take a turn you don't usually
do you find things you don't normally
see like a four or five foot alligator
I like how she hid it and looked at both
of us oh so we're filming a little
little a haul video here Olga and I
decided to do our haul videos together
since we did our shopping together so on
her channel we're doing our fashion home
that on my channel we're gonna do our
makeup haul but before we started she's
just been twirling in the background we
man in that it had a little bit of
alcohol just to get started as I like to
say when I drink crack and rum we wanted
to you know get cracking hashtag let's
get cracking so that's what we're doing
guys cuz this is Twitter what
so we piled everyone in the car and we
are heading to the beach
everybody else is packed today but I'm
gonna you know I'm gonna try to do I
have to go pro I'm gonna attach it and
I'm gonna see if it looks cool and it's
probably there yeah I might fall in my
face yes a lot of people that's in in
the world first blood
there we go Jesse you trying it are you
after that you got it
I I don't have enough practice with this
thing we're really not five feet away
there are four year-olds better than
this it's totally okay I'm like
struggling swim she's over here doing
acrobatics
got really warm baby with me
I don't believe that lipstick is
waterproof
Charles is a fish Charles a fish Charles
is a fishy fish fish fish fish
Charles is a fish underwater blowing
bubbles jumping out of the water like a
shell in a whale everyone's hanging out
and they're an ice cream pool I think
what we need to do is because this thing
needs to be surfaced as just resurfaced
it because it gets green - like - like
easily here this is what I want to ask
you guys if we resurface what should we
do should we put like LEDs all through
it or do something really crazy I'm
gonna leave it up to you guys you have
to tell me what to do
go going so I just gave Marley a bath
and I was looking for Zoey and this is
her hey you know if I just sit right
here I'm technically still swimming well
if you want to stay there I'll let you
stay one more time okay I'm net daddy I
got something looks like ice water dark
genie
Tartini no not tired pretty much
completely full now just kind of
watching a movie right now anyone know
one movie I'm watching just fry this
screen shot here's a closer hint I'm
gonna be amazed if you guys get it but
yeah I'm just kind of watching a movie
kind of winding down Zoey
we're kind of warming my feet in my head
no okay
those being kind of spoiled and not
giving me any pillows right now and like
always if you knew our videos please
don't forget to click the little
subscribe button so you guys can watch
this every single day today I wanted to
ask you guys do you dream in color when
you dream because I'd like this really
strange dream I don't really remember
what it was but I've noticed I thought
about today I dream in black and white
all my dreams are in black and white and
I didn't know if that was like a normal
thing or not so just tell me in the
comments if you dream in black and white
or you know color hope you guys enjoyed
today's video and I will see you guys
tomorrow
good night
yes
with child tripping
with trippy an alley
