there's hardly any wind at all it's like
very very slight which is not normally
something that we have usually it's
constantly blowing but it's it is so
eerie this is just a little bit better
yesterday there was nothing it was
completely stagnant nothing was blowing
or anything so we're still waiting on
that Ali just got an update all Pinellas
County is now being told that if you're
in level a we have you have to evacuate
tomorrow which is mandatory we're not
little either right no if you are levels
B or C they're encouraging it and it may
become mandatory later if they have to
come and get you you will have to leave
your animals behind however there's
still levels beyond level C so there's
level D and E where are we I don't know
is the way we can look that up Sam so
just in case the off chance that we
don't have to evacuate we decided that
we were gonna get more food just so we
can like hunker down actually a buncha
guys skins are so smart gave us a bunch
of ideas almost lost Alex about what we
can do with water so we're gonna try to
do some of these ideas that you guys
have been sending us first off thank you
so much for all the the ideas and the
help because it's actually been really
helping you want to be in the movie
there we go you know nothing feels so
funny though still the VAS water is
still here and nobody wants Voss water
for some reason so all the fruits gone
but take a guess one thing that you
would never ever probably buy it's gone
spam all these damn is gone that's one
thing I would never think of buying I
had it I think for a challenge did you
ever did you dare meeting I think it was
a challenge video yeah I think it was
spam wasn't it and then you had me
through something gross no actually I
mean Ali and I have been kind of
stressing out about this whole situation
and it's not raining yet because the
whole calm before the storm we kind of
wanted to go and just ride some bikes I
got to do a couple errands got to go
pick up some extra medication it's fun
things like that and rather than me in
the car because we've been in the car
the whole time I kind of wanted us to
get on some bikes and our neighbors are
boarding up their house already actually
which is probably something we should be
doing houses all boarded up now gets me
worried like should we be boarding up
the house the only thing is that we
couldn't find any plywood anywhere yeah
I wonder what I can get it to and I'm
gonna cut in front of you 17
there we go nice little cruising speed
no crazy that house kind of almost looks
a bomb boom see I couldn't do that right
now I have to wait because I need
sunlight and if I did that to the
windows and it was pitch-black all I
wanted to do is sleep you can't do that
I got to be productive I can't make a
vlog of just sleeping oh can i vlog
number blah blah blah blah Charles is
sleeping it's just 12 minutes of me to
sleeping yeah there's like no one else
that's why they say calm before the
storm
we just now thought about this actually
another one of your suggestions is that
obviously when the dogs have to go
outside they're not gonna want to go out
you know and 150 out for our wind nor
will I want to go out there to protect
them so we're gonna see they have those
like pee pads I don't even think they
got they're all gone of course they are
there's one of those things that should
follow I just got to be cool with them
peeing and pooping everywhere diesel
needs whatever this thing is we know who
that belongs to
oh my gosh what's making our dog was
awesome there's a ranger hidden
everything oh I like this one hope the
rain is now starting we got a bike all
the way home gonna be nice though to be
cooling okay so it's just reading some
more updates this is what it says there
will be massive damage in Florida it
will be the worst single hurricane to
hit Florida since Hurricane Andrew in
1992 that was one of us talked about
earlier that was in second
and already like I always said zone a
has been evacuated mandatory evacuation
most of it I think is gonna go east but
I don't know I just I really hope it'll
get her back I really good all the
interstates are backed up and there's no
gas all the way up to Tennessee just
wanted to show you a little bit of okay
so it rains for maybe a minute and a
half a wrinkled but let me just flash
back to the one day I know you guys have
seen this probably a couple times now
where it looked like a lake by Publix
and that was maybe a few hours of rain
and it was in a hurricane or tropical
storm anything it was just like Florida
rain maybe an hour
yeah we got to see a higher yard
apparently still no gasps this is the
starting to seem like the norm we have
to get everything from outside now into
here so that way we can at least have
some sort of things that are not gonna
fly around things that we don't want
broken are you gonna help
squirrel friend where's the little one
barley squirrel friend like liar I just
cleaned you oh you missed mister guys
she's like losing the hair she had
little cotton balls coming off it's so
hot so speckled come here okay of course
to make things difficult we got some
Hornets using this wood this is the
thing but I think it's not a good idea
not easily not let it fall on my head
but this is what happens guys if you've
been vlogging
cheer practice do a plank of like a
fence and still hold the camera
relatively stay idiot professional I
don't know guys we have at least one
more day so you'll be able to see this
video before everything happens do you
think this is I got safe thing to do or
safer I just feel like wind like you
know aerodynamically would just go right
over it actually you know what maybe
we'll do it the other way that seems a
little bit more aerodynamic now
there's no way we can bring this into
the house with a wasp nests it'd be a
really bad day
gonna have a bad time but I had this
dowel and some ambition and a little bit
of less brains are you just like don't
put any like me break off the limb
that's where the nest is all right sorry
oh you're dumping my whole thing that
was one of the dumbest things ever did
your wrist still dead
you know what the benefit of this thing
is gonna sweep out all the dirt and the
leaves I mean you got to think of the
positive it lays we just got lucky this
was for our wedding right
oh well it's it's ours now sorry Kate
sounds pretty actually there might be a
twister y'all have your stick don't lose
just take it I can't blow away isn't
this one from the Rocky Mountains no way
this was sort of the part I think this
is from the park you know you wanted to
blow away to you enjoy it you see let's
talk about earlier winds gone no wind
creepy what are you sniffing here we go
the rain lightning and thunder is
starting
today's been like a huge toss up for us
in regards to leaving or staying in her
home with the hurricane coming for
reason why we're having such a difficult
situation with this well let me let me
backtrack a little bit we've been
talking with like our friends that live
in Orlando I'm Donovan st. P in my
entire life I've been talking with a ton
of my friends here we've been talking
with their families our neighbor really
trying to communicate with everybody and
seeing what everyone's doing and what's
the best decision for us because like I
said in the past few days I'm I'm really
really scared not gonna lie I am pretty
darn scared about this hurricane and
I've never in my entire 30 years of life
if I've ever been scared of a hurricane
like I am of the one that potentially
could really harm Florida now I'm still
very hopeful that it will go the
opposite way I think we all are I think
that's all you can do is be super
hopeful and be as prepared as possible
for this right now regardless of what
may or may not happen you have to be
super prepared for this for figure out
what everyone is doing because we all
want to be on the same page I think in
these several situations it's very easy
for people to think only of themselves
and I think this is the type of
situation where especially for us and I
know so many others that you can't just
think about yourselves you have your dog
so we're definitely not gonna leave our
dogs behind and we have our parents and
our sisters and brothers and aunts and
uncles and everybody that are down here
so right now we're trying to develop a
plan that if worse comes to worse and if
tomorrow they're like hey you guys need
to evacuate that we're all on the same
planet well as of right now they have
evacuated zone a in Saint Pete which is
typically the beaches and things really
low I don't know what zone we are I
think we're in deep zone D and E though
I think goes past but I'm not really
sure I think at this point word D and
they've only evacuate mandatory
evacuated a they have recommended
a B and C we're still okay we've been
keeping in contact like I said with our
family and we're talking with our
neighbors and seeing what they're doing
like we obviously roll around like is
stained my sister her husband had been
evacuated my dad has been evacuated
we've been talking with his mom suffer
his mom's good melissa is good
his dad's up north as scary as this
whole situation is which it is
terrifying I mean obviously throughout
the couple days I make jokes because
that's who I am
I just make jokes even in the very
inappropriate situations I am guilty of
that but the thing is that's just how I
cope and it is a very serious situation
and I am as this gets closer taking this
more and more serious I'm not letting
this area of the news gets me too much
I'm just closely paying attention to the
track and just talking with friends and
family like Ali said just so we're all
on the same page what Ali read is that
we have to be very very careful because
if they do a mandatory evacuation and we
don't know or not paying attention they
will come and get us and move us and we
can't bring our pets and that's like one
of the scariest things are that won't
happen no it won't happen it definitely
won't happen now we're kind of in this
limbo state of like do we leave or do we
just wait a little bit longer and figure
out exactly what's going to happen
hurricane isn't going to hit till Sunday
or money I'm not saying to anybody out
there hey wait until the very last
minute that's not it at all
my dad who left called me and said that
on the way hotels and gasoline are sold
out from here to Tennessee
hypothetically if we were to leave we
would get roughly we get like 400 500
miles the car like a full tank we
wouldn't even get out of the state of
Florida so if we left now we have to
make sure that we can find gas along the
way my dad barely made it out of Florida
as of right now all our family is going
to be coming into our house because we
are in the state Bastogne and in the
safest place now
I know people are going to disagree with
this but this is something that I know
that so many people that are exerting in
this hurricane and probably did in Texas
we're really I'm really scared and I'm
not like what Tarr says we're not trying
to let the hysteria get to us but it is
a scary scary situation we're just
trying to be as safe as possible we're
trying to do what's right for us so
right now it's like waiting it out
working with our family and our friends
and we're making the right decisions you
know as time progresses so that's where
we stand right now as of now we are
going to stay and we are going to
protect everything we are going to stay
with our family we're going to stay with
our pets our stay with our neighbors
even but on a good note on a positive
note I have one thing to show you guys
and talk to you guys about that we've
been waiting to do for a long time I
told you guys on Wednesday that Ally and
I will be announcing the winner of the
painting from the charity thing that we
did for hurricane Harvey and I
completely forgot about it yesterday
because of all the chaos so today I'm
going to announce the winner
then we're gonna probably have to wait
until shipping until the sir cane is
done so you will get it it's just we
gotta wait for another hurricane it's
kind of is that irony that we were doing
this for a hurricane thing and now the
hurricane thing is causing us not to go
to ship it on time so whoever wins
everyone else in my opinion is a winner
because you guys this money isn't going
nowhere it's going to help a lot a lot
of people in Texas okay so there's two
pages one and two because there's that
many people though to know if we're
gonna go on page one or page two we're
gonna flip a coin so heads is page one
tails is page two all I can find
actually hilariously is just an
Australian I think it's a 50-cent piece
so we're just gonna use that instead
goes nice and big and you'll be able to
see things heads tails right
heads so page page one so what we're
gonna do to make it super super fair is
we're gonna just ask good old Siri
a random number and I'm gonna count down
on page one and that person will be the
winner
pick a random number so meet you okay so
that's a lot of counting 89 88 87 86
Gloria Nunez Gloria I'm gonna send an
email through this thing make sure to
look at it and reply because then I can
get all the information that I can ship
you this thing everyone else thank you
for the bottom apart for Bali and myself
and everyone from Texas we really
appreciate you donating just remember
this money this is all across the world
this wasn't just a new s no this is
there's a million won people here I just
think it's the nicest thing you guys
done in a very long time and we raised
how much did we raise our goal was
thousand dollars and we raised two
thousand four hundred thirty-four
dollars
amongst 184 people bottom line I just
want to say you guys are amazing and we
will do this again
hopefully not for another anything but
you hope we don't have yeah that's what
this kind of stuff but hopefully we get
to do this kind of stuff for just a fun
charity and I think you guys are amazing
people so Gloria congratulations
everyone else congratulations for
helping people
everyone should be patting themselves on
the back for doing such a good thing I'm
gonna say good night hope you enjoyed
today's video and we'll see you tomorrow
bye guys
