making breaks we'll look to have it on
my head
that's what good kids to come morning
guys I really hope there's no poop in
there yep there's poop right so we've
got a plan now we're gonna go first
over to this side and then we're gonna
work our way back over this way towards
the car we're gonna give ourselves about
15 minutes in each store and we're gonna
just look for the cooler
we can find could you please speak with
their Russian accent say that all in
Russian the cello my boy names Lilith
magazine oh but you think of it wasn't a
chance to see back machining that's just
a lot of it
wow that was like way quicker how many
Russian russian-speaking people do we
have in there in the viewing audience
the Russian and in comments thumbs up
they're coming so we can see that yeah
and write it write it in Russian so that
was like rate in the way was and I was
just hike holding that we're going to
all these malls and I decided I had to
go this time that way can man it up
again there meant I could hold on get up
I'll go I got a man it up I looked that
was I gotta I gotta put the testosterone
in this video put punching things
punching um I was so excited about this
design because I'm like something I
would wear it realizing that it's good
okay get into girly get a butt punch
again get a buck punch that's it's manly
right you're gonna be a traffic light
alright Internet we're gonna play a man
versus woman game right now okay what
color is this I say yellow what color is
that stretchers what is a yellow a
yellow this is saffron say yellow this
is chartreuse oh those are all food the
yellow that's chartreuse no say the word
yellow no this is pink right neon pink
yet yet you had to do that okay this is
orange that's Coral
that's a that's something in the ocean
honey is this white that that that girl
is that blue oh my now getting it black
Dodge gunship every time I think what do
you call this coral chartreuse Chargers
royal shanks I give up we go there we go
this one looks great come over here I
could never be a bill this is so
annoying
honestly walking around a bag want to
bend your elbow think then you'll like
this you have to bend over and you drop
it
well you don't let your arms fall like a
ding down literally you can also hold it
like a bag I also wallet this is pretty
much a germophobe tonight mare what you
got to do here's a trick use your your
your non-dominant hand
your pinky and go to the bottom the
least amount sorry so many people least
amount of germs right now huh huh get to
sit down cuz the Heat's is getting do
you already know that it is no you can't
use that joke again I can't totally it's
called a reoccurring joke it's amazing
wait ever
okay so I have to get something from the
car literally have no idea where I'm
going
hey car car car car car
drat obstacle hi this really sucks
where's the car
I feel like that old episode of Rocco's
modern life where they get the mall that
was a conglomerate whatever and then
Rocco's trying to find a parking spot
and he sees that like kid walking back
and forth trying to fight his car so I
feel like boo maybe if I get to higher
ground
they'll all right do you guys see Ali
and Olga frustrated restricted all right
I give up either the car was stolen or
I'm an idiot
found the car Wow so I was just talking
to my buddies in boyceavenue and I just
want to show you this see I'm not the
only one you know it's true you know
it's true you just you actually just
happened I was like be like this he's
like what it's true
halli do it all just do it just put it
all at the same time only one so I'm
having a least and there isn't that
weird you can feel the entire floor
vibrate
something really weird about that I wish
I had class I wish you had a guys yeah
Lucy look very good she doesn't mean to
be blind to what a glass took it that I
was gonna say you look like a butterfly
those are frightening I could use a hand
it was I don't know from the top was
mannequin so this is what I've been
doing all day
I just got an email from our manager the
we the kings tour dates have been
confirmed I'm gonna be able to give you
guys more information and next week the
dates and the tickets are going to go on
sale and I hope to see all you CTFxC
heirs on the road this tour this is
going to be pretty pretty awesome
already done yet are we done yet are we
done yet are we done yet are we done
here 800 that's right I just put a book
oh boy oh it's going out of focus I take
it back you're being a very good boy
wait to shopping with me second this
phone dies things are gonna change what
is it like when you feed a gremlin after
midnight he's gonna turn into that large
wise yeah don't give you wet
don't get me wet guys for our
anniversary everybody ready with ones ok
pantaloons you're like an angel my phone
is about to die I know it's very sad it
is now dead
you put you under do you but let me do
your makeup with all the makeup I got so
I'm gonna do a haul video on my channel
with Olga but I think Charles should let
you're gonna go nowhere
all other I don't know you're not in a
still point then block him tackle it so
Ali went out there with Olga and Olga's
distracting her
there's Ali's yes there's the water one
why don't I try to prank her again let
me trade old excellently good write this
up here internet remind me it's up there
with my jeans okay camera set up by all
the words I don't want anything to do it
thank you
no no I just like it that's cool oh my
god awesome
what is all I was wait don't do anything
I need my game
closer you push the power you exit to
the home did you go home and close the
software I'm gonna kill you no I think
it's all black yeah you know that even
though I knew as soon as you hit it it
wasn't the real one it hurt me to see
you hit it I genuinely was trying to
just give it to her and you had like
spider-man grip on it that's why I had
to go like you had it and that's why I
went like this I went like this all I
could do I was like god she's gonna hit
it stressing yeah wait wait hold it
again Lucy hold it one more time past
Billy I want to play the D s it's
spider-man a spider-man you'll be really
the ultimate prank is if that was I
forgot to switch out yours and that was
actually yours I got it I got an injury
oh yeah doing that I'm gonna fuck it
through your uh I guess that was a model
of success all right guys I'm gonna try
to fall asleep doing some late night
reading right now you guys are new to
our videos don't forget to click
subscribe and I will I will see you guys
tomorrow so not really a secret phrase
for tonight but you know what I just
want to know if I was right or was Ali
from the colors it was me right it's
totally me
by the way I don't have to as you can
see sleep on the couch without my Turkey
it's a turkey does a turkey I need to
trigger
come look honey hey honey I'm sorry
see what you did
it's hardly wait
hey where's ez at sexy
giddy with child tripping
yes with chakra ple
