good morning guys guess what I did today
a vlogger rookie mistake number 50
leaving the house without checking to
see if your camera has a battery hold on
bloggers professional tip number 42
always have a backup camera and camera
because how many times have I broken a
camera see if the same battery same
battery oh yeah I got full bars rule
number one actually that's 50 so we just
got here immediately
we're greeted by an eight-legged buffalo
look it's like one of those uh screen
savers we're gonna get at this like
exclusive kind of like a warehouse thing
well Marley would look like with teeth I
didn't know actually that Ripley was
famous for like radio before he was
saying this for anything else you say
his star on the Walk of Fame was for
that star on the Walk of Fame is for
radio broadcasting doesn't bench and
cartooning doesn't mention museums
doesn't mention this TV show all about
radio this is the first winner of like
the prize for people sending in stuff to
Ripley and he gave away an airplane
three years after my that's the first
book keep looking keep looking up into
shape look airsoft BB's everything is
cool to look at anyway but then there's
also like this amazing story behind it
guys recognize this guy I can't do it
it's all computer parts basically these
are all things that we have bought
second third fourth generation what's
happening
believe it or not guys these were used
at one point that's where you used to
store things that is only one point four
megabits or megabytes I should say so
that's equivalent to maybe half an mp3
you go first
I'm not gonna tell you this is so cool
intricate designs on the head of the
needle holy shit it's magnified 400
times I ain't closer oh my gosh there's
a ring in those strings are spiderwebs
that's a house real bad oh there it is
what that's that's Fred Astaire those
Ginger Rogers and they're on the diamond
told him just to show you what I was
looking at those are just eyes of the
needle right there just the ends right
there unbelievable we're in the mother
lode right now this is exactly like
Indiana Jones right there and look here
and that's what the inspiration for that
film clip was this is cool you guys hope
you guys enjoying this
there's the Berlin Wall there's a horse
there's Bigfoot
who's been here the whole time let's
play a game what do you think this is
tell me in the comments if you guessed
coffin you're correct
old stuff I don't know if you want any
of that but is that another coffin there
you go
oh and that's a coffin by the way the
more you know so this is a finger paint
with adult finger painting yeah at the
adult version I like how they're all
have cigarettes in their mouths I have
to ask what's with the pop-tarts they're
ladies outfits we have a full-size t-rex
as well but about 10,000 items they're
everything
this is Raiders right here a couple
dinosaurs in this room there's more
occasionally you actually have a fossils
we got real fossils in here to the crane
I've seen just the Stegosaurus hanging
out
wait you're gonna I don't think I want
to touch that
sometimes same size do you want it you
want to do me if you ever put that right
next to my lovely wife's head I don't
want to make a mistake here that that's
a real human head wait so do you know
like how do you shrink account oh so you
cut open the skin peel it back like a
book take all the bone when I sew it
back up and then boil the Secor
this particular ones about a hundred and
ten years old you could probably buy a
nice car if you wanted to trade it in
oh my god and the hair never
deteriorates oh is that more the drawer
where are we most of them have the
middle but because that means the soul
can't escape only one tribe doing it but
this is a European head so from Borneo
where they carve into skulls we're in
the creepy section now that's real yeah
you're gonna need some sanitizer when I
guess she was with DiMaggio hello this
is insane I don't want to go down this
one at all I like so afraid to like
knock anything like all this is like
worth more than anything I could have
pretty much imagined this is like in
backstage of a museum you know what I
mean so you have a really careful oh my
god I don't know if I'm coming or going
Renaissance art replicas on butterfly
wings or any vampire killing Jeff no way
holy water you got garlic powder you got
prayer book you got a rosary you got a
dagger how old is this particular one
you got
most of them are from the 1840s
that's a kitten it's a cyclops cat
that's relatively new and this is brand
new that dog little puppy with eight
legs and there's a two-headed kitten
these just came in last week these are
brand new what all are taxis cows balls
that's a cow balls and that grass with
like dirt and yeah it's a cow hairball
it's a hairball from the stomach of a
cow it's actually about 500 of them
right here but that that's the big one
we actually just a little bit sick what
is this made out of tell me in the
comments hell you want to want to turn
it around all right
I'm making Aly do this on purpose ready
ready if you guessed cockroaches yeah
feel like I just made you do that the
Beatles on Beatles for the true
alcoholic well it gets better honey I
swear I'm not drinking sar we got a we
got to blur this one now of the United
Presbyterian Church that belongs in a
church 1890 a bunch of Church grannies
gave this to their pastor see how many
famous people you can recognize that guy
anyone this is almost creepier than the
other thing he's checking you out
it's my wife man back off world's best
name okay honey Wingo walked across the
United States backwards using mirror
glasses hello mr. crocodile man this is
where they make all the figurines of xf8
sculptures and stuff like that
all made in-house isn't that crazy
there's not smellivision on YouTube yet
but it's got this really potent smell I
smell you smell it
this guy doing one right now I love you
and this is where they get their clothes
those look so real right now you have to
poop yeah did the poop ow
everyone's got a poop right now
emergency poop stop do you have to poop
Charles I don't have to poop I'll go
make sure you wash your hands after your
poop that's embarrassing
now boy should we go through that might
get a little bit wet oh boy that sucked
yeah one more oh boy crazy here I let go
that size completely dry I blame you
is that it you get a Zowie hey guys
let's just say food I hate food what
happened your toy how'd it get there
Zowie
there's no no planning that could have
happened to make something like that
happen you don't want to take it yeah
tell me what you think put that whole
thing in your mouth my mouth and we're
fancy we have our fancy fancy beverages
it would glow in the dark if you turn
the light off probably what was your
favorite thing from Hercules I freaking
was grossly obsessed with the shrunken
heads that was the favorite thing I love
them I think mine's just more of a
general just the fact that looked like
and reminded me of Indiana Jones is
probably my favorite thing tell me in
the comments what your favorite thing
was I hope you guys had fun once I thank
you to Susanne and Edward and Ripley's
for letting us go and filming and
sharing this with you guys if you
actually knew don't forget to click the
subscribe button so you can watch our
videos every single day and I will see
you guys tomorrow guys
wait
yes
with trippy
yes I see
with Gary so forget silly
