I think Olga has the magic touch with
Zoe morning wake up but Zoe wasn't
eating olga walked out and she's like
little by little now she's eating
oh yeah we're trying to find a perfect
song for what's gonna happen and a
little bit in the video and Marley's
breakdancing Oh today
yes Marley break-dances today it's like
I might jump off a bridge hotel lobby
that's trying to be modern put Marley to
sleep I put my hair I slide it to the
end and I actually roll my hair which is
how professionals and it makes it huge
and you don't have to tease your hair
sooner girl talk I'm gonna go out here
and build a motorcycle and I'm gonna go
crash it and blow it up yeah I totally
got out of it time yeah when you walked
in I got hot in here that's right let me
just put my heat all over you okay no no
that's not make it off go away let me
let me make you sweat coming from and
Akashic away go away you're high go away
it's like when you want to sleep next to
your radiator look oh hey I feel like
girls are just like reptiles women are
just a bunch of lizards your lizard
people
does this make your eyes water as much
as it does mine let me do my lash line
on that who Charles do you think this
lever would be great for today
you're like a Lee's personal doll now
run you need to run before you guys what
do you want to do today go hang out with
the girls go hang out with the girls you
want to hang out do you want to hang out
you want to go get your makeup on - no
you just want to lay down with your taco
okay you belong at the hot bar cuz
you're so hot okay what
going on here more booty bumping today's
medium where's the deaf people in Israel
are you gonna do that one I'm gonna try
that one good news is there's a hospital
right across the street so we couldn't
film inside the Mac store but we went to
the mothership and got like a million
things an old is amazing got me a
discount I did the best because I was
professional she's a professional she's
a pro and so we are going to do we're
gonna do a haul video and she's gonna
have one on moosh but I'm probably gonna
do a couple of my products in a haul
video on my Holi channel this is a
really pretty green monkey green yeah
girls taken over today today is girly
time yeah yeah and we told Charles to
take a nap but yeah taking a nap right
now
cuz you know what guys Charles deserves
a break so he's taking a break and now
doggy breakdance breakdance Oh
hi Jeff god it's just on pair wedge that
I love these and I try them on and I let
her scan my shoe because I'm gonna wear
them out yeah it's pretty awesome
freedom was everything that's right just
remember you can do anything
right you can come to the store buy a
new pair of shoes and wear it out let's
go to the galaxy together we we all
right go back to your mom you had any
dietary restrictions there like out the
window now and candy
and really good eyes damn cool already
hey or not you're gonna eat all the
candy you're facing the wrong way you're
facing the wrong way and you're not even
on let's go come on
I have a headache so Ali and Olga went
shopping I managed to sneak out of that
so I can kind of get rid of this
headache take care of a couple business
stuff I have such a headache greatness
never had a migraine so I don't know
what am I grew feels like but like it's
one of those ones where I just want to
keep this with my eye
does that look normal well I just want
to keep my eye like this I know I'm
gonna use this camera a lot like
honestly I like the other switch cameras
I feel like it's just I don't know it's
just more fun for me and they're like be
able to go on this camera that switch on
to like this camera because I kind of
pull that on my crop
that record of course regarding I better
get it better luck with that
all we allowed ourselves to do this the
tiniest tiniest bit of fun a little bit
small am I going first yeah you're gone
first hmm take your eyes off so we can
pick your Heights off there we go
we're getting special sugar to put in
our tea because all goal of steam and
cinnamon I saw an ally but it brings
your mood up and you become really happy
so easy
ally have you ever smelled dill yes I
love to like dill that's what we do you
guys about to try a heart Harbor narrow
Harbor barber habanero sure is it really
spicy model wait for you oh my god
that's not fair that's not nice excuse
me oh you want to try yeah give you okay
yeah I'll put this in my teeth I like it
my throat now stays that my golf cart
goes faster than that breaking the law
breaking the lodge play water our
direction
oh there we go
still going faster sometimes I wish this
thing had like cruise control
I would probably fall asleep look some
Sudheer driving minding my own business
and is lady just like hawks at me for
driving late see mind you I have that
I'm allowed to be driving here she goes
like this it just keeps Hawking her horn
more obnoxious than that noise and just
goes by going like this now she's eating
a freaking Big Mac just like this thing
was faster I would this thing was faster
just keep breathing Charles
you're filming I'm filming your building
so amazing so freakin amazing I read
Olga out for a sunset at Lido
no matter how many places I've never
seen oh yeah
can we take our clothes off and get in I
love when dogs stick their heads out to
everyone no does it look like they're
driving excuse me miss we've been
looking for you
oh okay that's that's a huge issue
already I know cookie aisle is a
disaster always Oh audible farts are
always funny I don't care how old you
are making dinner yeah well tomorrow is
going to be a super fun day because we
actually got invited you all Ripley's
Believe It or Not they invited us to the
super-secret warehouse they had that's
actually not open to the public so we
get to go and film and get a tour and
show you guys I'm pretty pumped actually
I'm thinking like Indiana Jones or
something like that but yeah if you're
new don't forget to click Subscribe so
you can see more of our videos and we
will see you guys tomorrow I also filmed
this little bonus video for you guys
it's on my iPhone channel I've noticed
when Marlies stares at a camera she just
doesn't blink she just like stares into
your soul
so I uploaded this little staring
contest with Marley go check it out and
see if you can beat Marley I don't think
you can but they'll be only at the end
of this video or in the description
below I gotta go finish doing laundry
alright see you guys
what
wait
yes
with child tripping
with trip in early
