good morning guys you can't believe it
it's like 4 o'clock in the afternoon so
what I'm doing is I'm trying to play
catch up on all emails and just
different come on
there is paper there what is this this
is called paper papel this is take the
paper are you serious
now I have to walk hello what I'm trying
to do today is this ketchup by Zoe hi
trying to catch up on all emails and
paperwork and all this fun freaking
stuff somebody's got a case of the
Mondays take four
oh look nope ready yeah what are you
barking at can't take you serious like
that fix your hair oh that's what you're
working at ready I'm gonna go okay you
guys thinking a head start
oh no she opened the door go get her the
coming up only Marley's interested nope
Marley's not even interested anymore is
that I really want to roll you in the
floor right now but I won't because I'm
nice oh my gosh so I'm gonna run a
couple errands in yeah you have to do
that laundry so stinky laundry from all
the rain beef beeper beep beep oh wait I
have a horn beep gotta had that Allen oh
right now trying to just recover from
the weekend which was freaking
absolutely so much fun so amazing I want
to say thank you to banning Bill's Thor
for setting it up the legendary shots
guys there was so much fun if you guys
didn't watch the videos for last couple
days please go watch them they're fun
action-packed there I actually have a
lot of stuff in there it was really nice
to kind of just you know go away take a
little break or a mini vacation and I
know a lot of people are like Oh Charles
your job is a vacation and to an extent
it very much is because I
truly love my job and what do they say
like if you love your job you never have
to go to work cuz you your work is you
love and you love it it's all profound
like that but it's nice to go out and
get it like a little breather once in a
while you know you know simply just
jumping off hundred foot buildings you
know zipping from tree to tree you know
simple things like that but allows us to
recharge and kinda get more pumped up
and make better videos for you guys and
entertain you more and just you don't
live life to the fullest
I guess that's I guess then that
long-winded little thing I was trying to
say was live life to the fullest guys
and just do what makes you happy no
matter how hard and how annoying and how
much work it takes it's worth it in the
end
now that deep Charles is done being deep
let's go get a freakin coffee mr. stink
bug better not stink on me it will be
very very very unhappy don't take this
personally but you're pretty ugly all
right seriously mr. stink bug I want to
go now don't don't stink don't good make
like a bug and leaf get it leave all
right man here we go
I win the bumblebee keeps chasing me
go away
I can't believe up being chased by a bee
I literally think stuff so to the
suggestion of a lot of UC teammates I'm
gonna try drinking green tea for a
little bit instead of coffee to get my
little bit of caffeine fix um and so for
I like it it's delicious I should have
been doing that sort of coffee thank you
it's that exciting post roadtrip time
where you have to clean the car it's not
that bad in here there's like some dirt
and stuff like that but here take a look
at the front bumper of the car
oh yeah that's uh that's looking real
good
welcome to action camp car cleaning
starring Ali
action shots they make things much more
interesting I'm helping what do you want
what do you want
going's always mouth what are you doing
doesn't like to be hurt so I feel it's
time to finally attach a gopro to the
golf cart what do you think Marlee are
you hiding from the hose
oh he's cleaning the car right now
Marlee and Zoey want nothing to do with
it there we go got a GoPro mount alright
now to tackle this beast beast Zoey poor
beast this will be the first time that
I've gone in this pool all year and it's
to clean it how sad is that we're going
check the temperature mark your turn
I push everyone in hey Donna I don't
like doing this because last time you
she tried to pull me in ketchup that
work your mouth wash your mouth shut
your mouth shut your mouth shut your
mouth shut your mouth shut your mouth Oh
hit you in the butt oh well I'm wet now
okay
okay no you don't give up the prize we
need serious soundproofing for this bull
really this is this thing as this but
it's coming out of this will you do
creeping around creeping no no no no ah
yeah I'm gonna smart you hear nothing
are you serious that whole time all I
had to save stay-stay was the only word
that you listen to are you kidding me
when I think of that first oh by the way
did you tell the internet you have a
special guest coming tomorrow no I
didn't tell you guys
we have a special we have a special
youtuber guest coming to stay at our
house for this week play game in the
comments guess who's coming to the
trippy house did you guys get it oh do I
think you pooped yourself
run away - she's gonna get you yeah
there's no at the house so I have to go
to the public I try to get food and
clothes in ten minutes when I make it
whatever I get home look sir you drunk
just lemonade officer
you guys digging this camera though oh
man I love it oh yeah having Brynner
what Brenner are you having having
omelette omelette Brynner what Brenner
are you gonna have know what Bren are
you having mmm
you always think you're so smart Zoey
all right interworld time go to bed I
gotta take a shower all that fun stuff
don't forget to subscribe if you have it
uh yeah we have a special guest coming
tomorrow any guesses tell me the
comments I'll see you guys tomorrow
have a great night
it's hardly wait
where's easy a sexy
giddy with y'all trippin
let's see
West with structure theory
