come on grandpa I come on up that hill
grandpa I hurt my leg you hurt your leg
that could not have gone better if I
planned this so you made the shot who
made it we made the shot you I do
you guys can't see it yet you can't see
it yet but I get this I get to watch it
your reaction to know nice nice
congratulations sir I'm gonna do it I'm
gonna coffee
my favorite Oreo I pulled over I was
like no I shouldn't she's like your
doctor said you could have a cop and I'm
like look I know this seems stupid and
insignificant to everyone else but it
was like my thing when I'm on tour to
like be able to go find fun things to do
but I was really getting bumped was this
big tourist coming up in the next month
every day I'm drinking every day I'm
drinking coffee every day I'm drinking
oh where did we just find out what what
did we get I like coffee about the
iPhone that Charles doesn't know and it
is awesome I'll give it to her it's
ready for this
baby steps to normalcy good old Atlanta
traffic having fun it was played that
was play the car game how many cars do
you see so I'm trying to upload
yesterday's vlog from the road so that
way you guys get to see the video what's
a better place to do it than the traffic
traffic is the best place by the way I
feel like I should address something
when I said I wanted to go to the Coke
Museum you guys know I'm at the soft
drink right cocaine we went there I
think at the very beginning of vlogs in
like 2009 and we thought well we're
driving through it and I'm gonna try to
remember to stop at the world's giant
peanut sub Charlie you stinky you stinky
you go that way and they go this way
ready get the pinecone okay don't well
while we're gonna land a traffic let's
see what Zoey Marley done
I wasn't nearly enough Zoey Marly
yesterday we had all those clouds yeah
if you simply not a belly itcher that
was my favorite one when I was a kid
that was four years ago we were here so
we are at Believe It or Not a coca-cola
yes the soft drink Museum in America we
have museums for our soft drinks I don't
know and I know at the end they have
these like crazy like like soft drinks
of all over the world and if I remember
correctly there are some really gross
ones and it will make Ali drink and the
second you walk in they make like a
bottle opening boys and like a pouring
and they have liquid pouring everywhere
for the bathroom I know right sipping
out of Pepsi
leaving a vault open like that just you
can just walk in there Kim go go get
their secret recipe sort of think that
this is a real ball I don't think is a
real vault
so you can see then watch this and then
you can see and it is going through
people's stuff in the this is the vinci
code down here like what's going on by
the way little Talia is now so we're
gonna play a game I'm gonna show you
something
and then the comments say something like
car and then the price okay this is what
your is this this is a 1900 how much was
a car wait tell me in the comments all
right all right Vanna White kind of eggs
okay comments 30 32 cents hotel for a
night okay
every night 10 dollars $3 robot Jonas
for the house to help you new stuff
this is the moment mark my words there's
60 different sodas here we are easily at
Europe North America Latin America
Africa let's go to after the first ok
whatever go to Asia I guess try it smart
smart Apple
now you try that lemon crush
oh it's delicious there's a readout
cheese
it's good are there like what the end is
so weird like powdery this is chalk
let's mosey on over to Africa oh I'm
starting to feel so full right now
that's uneven soda oh that smells like
body odor
it's crazy it's a lot of people drink
some of their stuff Oh medicine medicine
smell that's like
oh my god you try it and the aftertaste
is even worse was that whoa I just
burped it until
that tastes like water drink this it
tastes like water
there's no point I wonder what the
flavor of ginger ale is gonna be though
in Mozambique you guys moot rice Tony
yeah it's this carbonated water was the
deal with these all smart like body odor
go to Europe you are not gonna like that
it's from Italy I am NOT I don't have
you guys remember from 2009
oh god it's horrible you are I don't
drink soda so like oh you're gonna love
this
it is so bad at the end
what so bad that's like that's like if
you were to extract this pink grapefruit
brine and chew and eat it just squeeze
the juice yeah and chew it and then take
it to dump on it and then put it in your
mouth
are you just drinking federally sipping
on it I swear if you come here try it
we're not kidding and knock them all
down all I want is water right now honey
is there something you want to tell me
I'm just gonna walk I'm just I'm just
gonna get out and walk now
again I gotcha I gotcha my god you did
it that recording don't break oh it's
recording too
I don't want to whack in the end board
on the way home I want to go see a giant
peanut do you want to see a giant peanut
careful careful
I really had to go a lot of you guys
were calling me out there like what
that's a real peanut look at that giant
peanut we found it there's a trip worth
it now now run to the peanut honey run
to the peanut this is a good way to end
our trip though they literally built the
place for you to just sit and relax and
enjoy the peanut just gaze at it I
appreciate it attempt to understand it
and then be sad because you never truly
will see that's the stuff we're looking
for on these hyper road trips if you
guys have any other cheesy things like
the giant peanut tell us in the comments
we want to see them
alright OE everyone home everyone home
alright guys I'll see you guys tomorrow
don't forget to subscribe and I hope you
enjoyed the day can I guess
Mircea taxi
with child trippy
with European Ally don't forget
