good morning guys today is going to be
freaking awesome
Oh rhymes I'm so orange juice and
brushing your teeth
hi I'm it's awesome sorry my muffin
yup I apologize or going ziplining
though make it up I just let me get that
for you so this is what a helpful
husband does the way that the funniest
part is I went up on the elevator and I
think at the same moment it was like in
one of those please show cliche moments
we were both like that yeah I came down
here you weren't here so I'm like
helpless I'm having everyone now it's
cause it went worst feeling in the world
dropping something between your seat is
important as a spoon ah okay we got the
GoPros I figured you have a GoPro you
know scratch my freaking my noggin like
big giant head so this is like the
world's tallest freefall basically what
we're gonna do is we go to the very very
top and we're literally just gonna jump
and land on the ground let's just jump
Wow legendary shots are trying to make
the basket we figured we might as well
try doing this too you're getting
stressed out how many jumps have you
done a 10 get a free hamburger in a
candy bar I made 25 five each yeah yeah
oh boy okay can I jump from here this is
high enough just I really don't want to
do this
that's pretty fun okay I'm life that's
good news my legs are shaking so bad
you're shaking
yeah pretty bad walking up the stairs
really fast yeah walking up the stairs
maybe fast all right here we go
these plays the only scary part is you
can do it out
dang it not even close hey you didn't
face plant
hello so we're gonna do is gonna have a
lunch and then I think we're gonna go do
a bunch of these crazy zip lines then
we're gonna go try to do it again it's
like I've never done this but the shots
before it's hard that's fake
I always thought these things were kind
of fake and this looks like the raw yeah
that looks like the wrong place okay
all right how's it going how are you
hungry
you made a wild friend Ali is the dog
whisperer that was like nope oh wait the
other ones are coming have fun
wait and my drunk was going on guys oh
they basically have to come down the zip
line and as they coming by they have to
make the basket sounds easy when you
just say it's the first one so yah I
like the last show right we're all piled
in here what a try it now
that was so close
whoo like all your dangling parts okay
that's not appropriate
how many times a day do I do that
they're all something he's doing and
they go oh I ready to go on the zipline
tour all that wasn't even the tour now
we're going on the tour it's more of a
Christmas tree what's up with the north
or the south
it's the north or south alli is going
down one or two lines so we're gonna go
down so in the comments
beep team Charles or team Ally I'm gonna
go faster wait who ones a slide well
we're gonna race
we're basically were racing you guys got
a C's go in going down you cannot leave
entirely that's not fair to one go
we are the champion I smoked you
whatever look at this bridge we gotta go
that's not a bridge that's a tightrope
that's frightening
okay I'm gonna die how do you know step
on that one this is probably the
scariest platform this is fun why I do
hate Heights
but ever since like we did that I hate
to break - ever since we did the
skydiving like nothing like the drop
everything yeah it's like listen so
funny this that's all it's holding in
don't look out you I'm more afraid of
dropping the camera than dropping myself
what we do for you guys all of us are
worried about the cameras and not not
falling to our demise so it just started
raining so obviously I need to sell use
this guy think I've got this camera come
here often
right so now we're going to go down I
don't even know that this one is in
another zip line it's gonna be really
high like all the other ones but I I am
doing it yet so you're gonna go really
fast
look at it
I don't know there you go scream like
that
good breaking hi who's got done oh my
gosh these are nice room so you just go
out and look at that has this place is
awesome
bird going down I'm gonna give you guys
another chance
team Charles our team ally this time
with pool yes I cropped us to do I love
Mouse please stop doing that it's really
really embarrassing dance look at the
balls now yeah well you're not gonna
make it so it doesn't matter no that is
a win no that's my dance it's copper its
trademarks
and we'll see you guys tomorrow if
you're new to our videos don't forget to
click subscribe and we just want to say
thank you to banning Mills out here in
Georgia for letting us do all the
ziplining stuff it was amazing you guys
have to come check your first time in
this area come do it yeah we're gonna be
heading home tomorrow
got some fun stuff we'll see you guys
tomorrow hope you guys had fun with all
the camera angles that we did today so
yeah good night love you guys bye
wait
worse yet sexy
giddy with y'all trippin
in early
