let's just take a nice little seat
outside how are you Oh gasps is
completely wet awesome you didn't warn
me dude I'm not amused so guess what
happened last night I went for a nice
little late-night golf cart ride with
the doggies and family does it happen I
went to go grab my phone slipped out of
my hands and well you want to see it yep
there's my phone completely just broke
into shattered golf cart oligos 15 miles
an hour I didn't think this was possible
batteries over here this morning for my
diet lantern that I have to take the
alarm was still going off and the thing
was into it was like this and it was
still cooling off but yeah if you're
ever curious that's the inside of an
iPhone you can say fail Charles in the
comments if you want because this is
definitely if it I've never done this so
I don't have a phone now I've been
walking around with my iPad all day yep
there's that enjoying enjoying the Sun
yeah it's pretty nice fun so my mom is
taking me to get my phone fixed sorry oh
my gosh knocking everything over it's a
reunion well it's kind of like yes leave
I definitely won't eat the cat poop good
old Skyway Bridge we the first time I've
seen it during the day usually it's what
see you 6:00 a.m. flights all that fun
stuff
beautiful pain the neighbor in the
neighborhood I dropped my phone for the
first time and I was drinking in them
that's why we got you this mom that's
why we got you the giant like hey do you
been learning anything on the iPhone yet
here in the air yes I can't I think
you're like yeah you know if I ever
figure it out it's smarter than me right
now all right
time to get this baby fixed feel like
such an idiot such an idiot and we're
gonna put this in a case right now
before I screw everything up I'm gonna
play the game do you ever play the game
where you try to get it even all the
time
I remember when I was a kid and I would
be pumping I beg for some reason I like
pumping gas that would pump the gas for
my mom remember when I would go over a
penny every time I would go over a penny
what did you always made me run in there
did you
she's like if a hundred people do that
that's a dollar you have to go put in
three cents that is a good point that is
my lucky number
bad luck charlie gets redeemed why did
the raisin go out with the prune I don't
know why because
we couldn't find a date wha give it up
for Mama trippy jokes hey what would you
do to your leg
hey you're limping why are you limping
you just ran off you goofball what do
you do to yourself come here my boy come
here my my
come here sit what's your leg is it is
it this leg you heard it huh if it's not
one thing it's another with you it's not
your leg that's all healed I don't know
so I was just watching some YouTube
videos and I just watched our buddies at
corridor digital I don't know if you saw
it yet the first person first third
person shooter video they did just
uploaded trust me if you haven't seen it
click the annotations on the screen
right here you can you go check it out
freakin impressive so corridor digital
kudos kudos well we're back home are you
feeling better I don't know what is
going on with his dog I think I think
she might be faking it's like one of
those things where it's like oh this
gives me more food okay this will be the
ultimate test tomorrow lay a brick X
brick gates of the couch wow that was
pretty impressive all right you guys
wanna go for a ride let's go for a ride
that's cool
all right now as my job is to psych them
out what an interesting day slow down
I'm so sick of this thing 155 since
today is one of those bad-luck days I'm
like afraid to do anything I have barley
on lockdown right now Zoey's on lockdown
she hurts her leg phone explodes uh and
now I'm just like kind of looking out
like I feel like I need to go get bubble
wrap or something and just wrap myself
and the dogs
oh my god I gotta get bubble wrap I have
good God
you are like a Mayan painting right now
it's almost like that okay I have an
idea guys
in the comments below tell me what what
you see that's the Nile River right
there tell me what you see Amazon Amazon
River what do you see in the comments
below what do you see there I see I see
in Easter Island head right there I see
a bug you see that in his pincers that's
not the real bug gun if you catch her
I'll give you 20 bucks oh that was a
punch so I saw that 20 bucks if you
catch the pig and what up at the 50
all right upping 7500
can't sniffing your button how you feel
Zoe what's never hey Zoe so I was like
I'm conkerball you stay right there I'll
rub your back like it she's giving her
massage
I was like oh man I can't handle this
it's an ya massage Wow nor the Marley's
a little harder with you does not like
to be ignored no no he go through them
in six women what so I decided to think
of this the little evening stroll to go
get some food because tomorrow actually
tomorrow I don't think I actually told
you I wanted to keep it as a surprise
we're going ziplining out with a bunch
of youtubers and Ally myself and it's
we're looking forward to it's gonna be
so much fun so last time we went
ziplining I remember I remember doing it
but I don't remember where we worked you
guys remember last time so we're gonna
go ape lining this weekend I am so
pumped I haven't made this trip for a
while my coffee days I miss it but I
gotta keep paying cos mi zooming
everywhere but I don't miss it at the
same time what is it like 21 days it
takes 21 days to break a habit I feel
like I've gone past that 21 days right
now nice my security system worked
Danny Danny
I like how festive you are your blue and
green then white then black fancy Prezi
yeah dog shucks
you can put your iPhone in there yeah
your credit cards ladies how many times
you try to use your wallet to put your
phone in there and it's too thick look
at this slot for the phone y'all Holly
got super country on that one so for
tomorrow I got one GoPro charge another
GoPro in another GoPro I'm debating if I
should go get the GoPro three I want you
guys to have good quality that's one of
those things I want you guys have the
best viewing quality on YouTube hey mr.
raccoon
just chillin munch munch munch munch the
original plan was that we're going to
share the drive but that I had a brain
reset remember so now Ali has the driver
how long is it night out so what we're
thinking about doing tell us in the
comments we're trying to think of a
bunch of places that we can go to like
tourist traps like the lot like I guess
was it we were vlogging at the time they
make a home fire bomber easy jokes today
but tell me in the comments of some
awesome tourist traps that Holly and I
could drive and I'm gonna look on my
phone on the comments section when this
video is live hey go go here go I'll go
left go left go left with the steering
wheel follow it oh no we're gonna lose
it I love you guys can see there's a
 alright guys well I got some of the
cameras taken care of we have a long
drive tomorrow and then it's to be a
pretty awesome weekend you ready you're
gonna be good while we're gone you okay
now the million dollar question are you
gonna be good you promise
alright I trust you
worse yet
with y'all trippin
we're Cynthia
trippy
don't forget Zoey Marley
