okay don't be grumpy
come on my let's leave Rollo
are you doing being a monkey yeah yeah
please
they're not pleased are you getting the
talking game other people can talk to
Marley no you can't have a pizza so I
woke up this morning and it looks like I
have become untangled or untethered I
guess if you are idle I think this one's
to my heart does that mean oh you know
we'll be really funny is if I go and try
to get a haircut with this on my head
and see if they can get the little bits
of hair my my sideburns in the back of
my head
that would be funny the worst part about
the thing beyond for two days is like
right here off it itches like right
there just like right there like I would
imagine a cast would feel just to bow
well gay hopefully that was important is
this starting again waiting for my
removal you know instead of like no
texting it's no de-essing maybe attack
notes no dancing you enjoying that
someone's going I can yeah well all I
gotta say is still don't feel better
honey hey so the thing wasn't recording
was wearing it for two freaking days and
it only recorded an hour oh my god they
do the recording and she says she was
there for like thirty hours and it
recorded like eight seconds I know maybe
my brain is is too powerful it can't be
mad oh I got all this junk in my head
look at gonna crap my head yeah it
didn't record I'm beyond I've never been
this frustrated yeah I've never been
this frustrated I've never been this
frustrated on the vlogs ever but I feel
like I could say one more time and I
feel a little bit better wait so I just
thought about something if that thing
wasn't recording and nothing wasn't on
that means I must have superpowers
without that thing holy SH I have
superpowers without it
that means they just I'm a superhero
I will be your hero but neither I'm
sorry for all the cussing I'm just a
little angry doesn't let's go home smash
wanna Hulk smash come on with Charles
smash dust good jump okay I can't I
can't translate all this okay I that was
a lot of words
okay okay okay nope no more okay you're
talking a lot okay all right we're good
okay we're good
see I could be pissed off and I can see
these two and I'll be happy it doesn't
matter how pissed off I thought okay I
know so I just woke up from what like a
kind of a weird nap like like an hour
nap and I just I don't feel good okay
this is really bad so I think it was
like I had this like tex-mex rap and now
way stomach is just like it's
translation that's exactly what it's
doing so I have to kind of just relax
otherwise I'm going to throw up
everywhere do you want to go maybe for a
ride or something and I guess though he
wants to go on a golf cart ride all
right like I could dig that that's
relaxing my stomach won't hurt too bad
look at my hair do you wear my hair like
this all the time what is that creation
what anything no I don't know if it's
Vietnamese food it looks good what is it
fun I'd say me
she don't mean to say it Angry this is
the first time I've ever had beaten his
food and my first time ever having fun
and I'm very excited to take this I
don't want those those are for Charles
buted for the lattic it was really funny
because I asked the lady what was strong
and sweet and she was like um nothing
but I can put syrup in your latte so
that's what I did
and I also got some gelato for good
measure goo came out the best with them
Wow
I'm having some serious deja vu right
now okay that is deja vu deja so I
thought I should tell you guys I was
looking at the stock report for our the
CTFxC merch there's only a couple
hundred literally only I'm looking at
less than 200 of the pink necklaces the
guitar pick necklaces left but I think
this is gonna be the last time we do
these for a long time just because you
don't hand me it and takes a long time
so I just wanted to give you guys a
heads up because they've been depleting
daily so if you wanted the guitar pick
necklaces just go to CTFxC merch calm I
just wanted to give you guys a heads up
because that and the shirts are kind of
selling out and I got a reorder
everything but just in case so actually
this isn't perfect good leeway since I
was just talking about the merchant and
the squirrel friend came out I've been
reading in the comments and a lot of you
guys want me to make like a squirrel
friend type t-shirt I'm thinking about
honestly making a limited edition
like print like once it's like pre-order
than once it's done it's done squirrel
friend edition t-shirt so what I need
you guys to tell me in the comments is
two things one is that something you
guys want because I've been reading in
the comments and on Twitter it
definitely seems like you guys are
interested in that and two if you
imagine a squirrel friend t-shirt what
are some ideas or designs you guys would
want should it be like a giant squirrel
that's a squirrel friend on the t-shirt
like a silhouette or
should it be like a squirrel at a tree
and Zoey and Marley are chasing it or I
don't know tell me your ideas in the
comments if you guys think there's a fun
idea I'll definitely do it because I
definitely like these little quirky you
know merch ideas like we did with the I
just stepped in poop like we did with
the Wi-Fi tattoos the pic necklaces
these were all ideas that you guys came
up with so let me know Marley no Marley
likes Tomatoes holy crap we got another
Wi-Fi boy remember check it out another
Wi-Fi boy so what's that make three now
the Wi-Fi armies growing because for
freaking crazy
since my stomach is still kind of on by
the way like this this reaction you like
that there's allergic reaction from all
the tape make my face like freak out I
just figured I should just kind of lay
low watch a movie and I'm actually gonna
watch a movie
here's a fun little bit of trivia it's
actually one of my favorite movies of
all time but it's actually the movie I
was watching when Ali called me for me
to go meet up with her on her first date
any any guesses no am I gonna guess it's
down there it was actually Back to the
Future 2 which is by far the best Back
to the Future besides one all I'm saying
is it's better than three yeah I was
watching this movie when Ali called me
to go meet up with her that night and
the rest is history and we've been
together ever since
but you guys agree with me all right
guys a future - it's pretty freakin good
all right guys well I'm gonna head to
bed
uh as you can tell it's been one of
those days I'm not gonna let it get to
me I'm just gonna keep moving keep keep
strutting my stuff
that makes me sense I mean it all
seriousness as much as it sucked you
know like where that thing in my head
and you know have my face breaking out
now because of the stuff and have to go
do it again blah blah blah it's crappy
at all sounds I mean you got to think of
the bottom line that's what I'm trying
to think of is that I'm here I'm healthy
I am alive and you know what I mean it's
it's one of those things where you just
gotta look at the you know life gives
you lemons you like you life give me
oranges that one orange juice no now how
it goes even when it gets really crappy
you just gotta you gotta think of the
positive you don't
you have to you can't let the crappy get
you down you got to go through the crap
you put on your big boots and you just
walk through that crap go and like screw
your crap you're just crap and I'm gonna
walk through you or something more
beautifully worded and of course I love
you guys I'll see you tomorrow don't
forget to click Subscribe if you have it
and have a great night
I'm gonna fix that point he keeps doing
that okay bye guys
words psst
giddy with child trippy
within every cell anymore
