but this is pretty interesting is is I
think from the International Space
Station but you can obviously see both
of them Jose and Irma right there that's
actually really cool and really
frightening at the same time now we got
to get sandbags mmm fresh sand all right
your job is to find bags
doing good girls doing good some good
Samaritans over here
I'm busy holding the camera I got a job
too it's my job I'm doing good I'm just
documenting it I've got to look pretty
so they're making a second job actually
- it looks like hopefully they're
bringing us us the third jump this
morning hopefully they are bringing a
few bags because that's what they forgot
last time there's a lot of people
waiting here for this
Oh dirt yes
ran out of sand now way louder or the
world yeah though they're now coming
with a third third thing apparently they
have a little 4000 day like an 8000 bags
yesterday alone three truckloads of sand
slash soils us which is kind of funny
and ones making jokes that the soil is
actually super nice so after this whole
situation people can disagree plan if
I'm always the person thinks in the
positive I think of the positive people
just trailing it's so funny lady's gonna
get banked on right there yeah they are
vultures for dirt that's right the thing
is this going back and right in the head
everyone's just running right now to the
bags Kate and I are playing it safe the
worst thing in the world right now we're
possibly like they said like getting hit
in the face with a shovel and then
chipping all your teeth and then not be
able to get it fixed until after surgery
but Ali decided and Kathy are deciding
the Hardcore go in there
not like that Stan's going anywhere
there's like a fourth truck of it oh
there's some white Sam was hoping for
some red clay so we got some Neapolitan
okay so Cathy and I got the heavy job
moving hundreds of pounds you want to
throw us on here yeah we're going that
way it's a nice little train I don't
know how much longer this thing's in the
last tigers come on I thought there was
gonna be playing dirt but check this out
it's almost all gone already it's crazy
that entire three piles of sand almost
pretty much it's pretty much completely
gone it's gone that's incredible
so this is taking three or four times
the length that it should because we
helped like five or six other people
like do this whole situation a lot of
people didn't have this thing I help
this little girl she was like five years
old and she I was like okay I need you
to push so she was like pushing it the
whole time or she thought she was
pushing it was pretty freaking adorable
20 bags of dirt laughs and over here and
we got 20 bags and his mom's I think my
mom and my sister got 20 bags so we got
hon Lomas I think it's about tons of
sand it's pretty incredible there's so
many cops out here to make sure everyone
is so you know what's really kind of
funny and sad at the same time it's
everyone's being so freaking cutthroat
it's like they're like looting bags of
sand it's actually pretty sad and
incredible to see at the same time but a
lot of people are kind of chipping in
helping each other like we helped a few
families and a few the families have
been helping us so that because we're
all in the same boat no pun intended
and I feel like everyone kind of
realizes what's going on I think I'm
getting really hopeful because I've been
seeing some new trajection czar
projections and it looks like it's doing
a little bit better but I'm not a
hundred percent sure at this you know
what's planned for the worst hope for
the best kind of thing our amazing
neighbor how you know like all the time
where our power goes out like we always
hear the generator our amazing neighbor
that we can plug into the generator if
things happen that's amazing so we're
getting some extension cords and as a
thank you Ali and I think we're gonna
surprise their family with some more
sandbags so we're gonna have to go back
and do all that fun stuff I just feel
like this you're like cocaine and gas
absolutely so expensive to them and I
mean that's like a real helpful thing
for them to offer for us no we do need
though right a giant t-rex
that's what we really need that is
amazing or a skeleton riding a Harley
yeah let's I need oh you know bike rider
that's what's probably trying to be
snake cage back there so here's the line
for plywood geez I think this is the
only area that we're really concerned
about is because it's on a slant a
little bit it's all laid sideways so it
should be okay and everything else
should be fine because this house was
completely redone and it's got new
hurricane roofs and all that roofs I
should say that Bush might go bye say
bye bye Bush and we're just worried a
little bit about the trees but I think
they're pretty solid nothing really goes
over the house that much maybe that one
I'm thinking it's gonna be okay I think
our main concern is Ali's car and then
our car there you go for Melissa's now
this is the fanciest person here right
miss fancy-pants oh when I was cools you
I think the worst thing about this is
going back and forth and just having all
this exhaust from all these cars it's
humbling your face that for the fact
that we actually might have to evacuate
like a mandatory evacuations what we're
kind of hearing down we might actually
have to evacuate after doing all this
getting all these supplies I really hope
we don't we might have to like we've
actually quite packed over like two or
three hundred of this stuff between like
our family and then random people I
don't freaking have to go to a gym for a
really long time
karma keep that comma point those XP
points everything's a video gaming
attempt number three to find water still
nothing but you know what's so funny
every place actually the vast water is
always there takes I get a funny okay if
this day couldn't even work we lock the
key from the house come on open the door
Marley thank you I'm trying come on open
the door okay how do we do this try to
open it more I appreciate it
the thought that counts wouldn't you
I've been helping we don't have enough
plywood actually we have zero plywood
because of the fact that you saw when we
went to Home Depot
everything was just being sold out all
we have is this thing and we're not
gonna mess with that because I don't
want to put it into the wall and I know
that's gonna get blown over so I'm
thinking is I'm gonna lay that down in
the grass like just flat because I don't
feel like it's gonna fly up like a kite
and then since obviously we don't have
the plot we got to do something with all
this but we don't have the plywood we
just basically set up the Blair Witch on
our windows you know like if it kind of
what that does is like it I don't know
how it works like a glass like breaks it
keeps it from shattering I don't know
the whole logistics or science behind
that but I just know that's a thing so
we're having to do that instead now
we're just going to go through the
entire house and take off windows
gonna be fine and here's the worst thing
this is like guessing shut not only just
because a hurricane is that we don't
know if it's gonna come this direction
this direction this direction or this
direction because obviously if it's
coming this way more of the wind is
going to be hitting these windows sorry
I locked you out there day/night
truthfully what I'm really worried about
is this thing because I feel like if
wind got underneath that oh there's a
sweater
if wind got underneath that it's just
gonna take it up like a freaking kite
like I said we might end up needing to
have to like evacuate
hopefully that to that point but we
might have to do that and if we do I
want to make sure that we have the house
all situated so we don't just leave it
you know so though - wind it's got to be
a little bit set up you should make it
cool design since we're gonna have to
have it up there which is what's kind of
crazy my dad's it's the most calm person
about that the fact that like the head
just bailed for Buffalo should tell me
hey it might be time to evacuate what
well I laugh about it because that's
just who I am I think I laugh I mean
like when I have brain surgery and a
tumor and like all that stuff I laugh
about it it's just my coping mechanism
oh you're losing out there huh what
you're gonna do about it
so I had to give the dogs a bath because
they were starting to stink there you go
pal that one's yours
good boy but I just wanted to show you
look at this look how scruffy Zoe is Zoe
stay right there stay right there well
we're all fluffy she looks yes I'm just
looking out fluffy you are kids really
funny it'll take a giant cotton ball
ferret thing because bones dope Jesus
well I think we got a good portion of
things taken care of for at least today
tomorrow we're gonna like kind of tie
down everything else because it's okay
tomorrow's Thursday Fridays when things
start getting a little bit hairy
Saturday and Sundays when things are
hairy if that makes sense that that make
sense
so I'm tracking everything right now let
me show you what's going on obviously
this is the hurricane and this is the
trajectory right here and it's basically
if you guys have no idea I've never seen
this this is the cone where it can go
anywhere I can go over here it can go
over here but the thing is okay look how
big Florida is right here okay and it's
to swing back around and look how big
this guy is so it's bigger than the
state of Florida you look carefully
there we are in the little bottle opener
of Florida it's kind of looking okay it
could go over here it could just stop
who knows might fling way over here but
right now we're just kind of on alert
because this this cone hasn't really
changed much don't forget to subscribe
everyone and that way we can kind of
keep you up to date and maybe show you
what's going on from our point of view I
actually Allie and I both have been
updating snapchat and Instagram story
quite a lot so make sure to follow us on
that I'll put that down in description
so if you want to see what's happening
minute by minute I should say or
whenever I post a photo I'm gonna try to
keep everyone as informed as I possibly
can we might have to leave the house
well we don't know yet
yes we have to wait at least for another
day or two to figure it out and then
hopefully by then it's not too late I
will see you guys tomorrow
have a great night thanks for watching
bye guys
