stop playing stop playing
stop playing ah so we attack attack what
if I do this what do I play no hurry now
can i play ah I can blow stuff up but I
can't see where your foot is under the
boy oh we have this ridiculous little
piggy went to market this little piggy
well this little piggy way you see
careful I don't want your thing that
come off I'll kick you so your helmet
comes up good I don't know you brought
me a squirrel
thank you Joey I can't accept this so
you can have it back I can't accept your
favorite toy or I should say he can't
accept Marley's toy that you took from
her so what do you guys want but I don't
know what you want there's something
here that you have to hit for me to know
what you want no you almost got it
that's almost that's the window okay
thank you now I know what you want well
because Marley did it I know what she
wants but Zoey what do you want
yup yup stare yes sometimes I just
wonder if they know what they're doing
or they're just hitting stuff why is
Marley over there
what it's a beautiful day we're just
kind of hanging out
really you're still in your pajamas
wires in my head what's your Excuse you
have wires in your head you have wires
back here I don't know about no you just
have wires from here to here what did
you just find out well that I looked at
the pack last night and I was like wait
a minute
there are no numbers on this thing yeah
so I just called them now and I'm like
hey is this normal she's like you might
need to check that so there's a
possibility that have been wearing this
thing for 24 hours and it hasn't been
recording however I hit the emergency
button which records like if I was
having an episode like an event like a
marker and it came up and it says 70%
bad huh I'm not doing this again I'm so
he's like I'm like your side on one
years though I'd find somebody for me
gonna fight I'm gonna fight it well I'm
not actually gonna go run away oh she's
gonna fight him with the toy see this is
how I fight him I want to distract him
anything you can punch him in the
stomach
kill him with cuteness I'm sorry babe
that sucks
so since I'm not a huge fan of the whole
button-up shirts and that's right that's
kind of where I'm repelling a little bit
and doing overly sure okay you can set
up just gonna put the shirt on is it the
first time ever press you're not my
brain waves are probably going like this
right now
wonder if they have an anger spike on
there okay okay good well we couldn't
make it in time because it's almost 5
o'clock now ah
the office closed so best-case scenario
this frickin thing is a recording worst
case scenario
I just wore this thing for two days for
nothing just just for fashion just for
just to look like a giant robot I'm
frustrated frustrated sorry
so we're at a stoplight stoplight what
is my wife doing is there a video is
your video game like there's gotta be a
very videogame therapy thing and I think
you need to go but I ran out take it off
it made like a really big knot and it
was like right in my lower back so I was
driving like this so we're trying to
find a place to actually do a what you
call a snail mail it's really it's kind
of one of those things where it's like I
get to go to the mailbox with email I
don't remember the last time it actually
snail mailed something okay think think
back when was the last time you actually
went to the post office put a stamp
envelope really the right they address
all that stuff and mailed something tell
me in the comments I honestly I think
was when you were doing like all the
merch three years before all the merch
was at dftba Wow
are you ready you ready come on let's go
come on hit pause she sets alarms for
the game I gotta do oh god how do I hit
the delete button this is like obnoxious
now you're pulling over the car because
you have to do something in vert back me
up Internet does she have an addiction
please please side with team Charles on
this one tell me the comments you side
with me on this one are you better on go
go go go Tyler I learned a new superhero
power that I have
oh yeah it's to freeze time okay well I
wanna make marley run and I'm gonna
freeze her in time ready ready
freeze country's free countries free
countries alright
I'm pretty good at this explosion
explosion I did I'll stop freezing you
so you can enjoy your stick so we
decided to go and see oh yeah okay
apologize for those of you who are
wearing headphones because how your
death we're going to see oblivion this
one was with the Tom Cruise you guys
excited
what what do you want dude all you had
to do is ask
I'm busy editing fine let's go get food
jeez this thing is starting to get on my
nerves I'm like so annoyed and you know
the worst part is like the fact that I'm
getting annoyed and I'm getting so angry
at this stupid thing and I'll getting
tangled up and tethered and all that is
the fact that it's monitoring my
brainwaves so it's it knows that I'm
pissed off every time I'm just like ah
blah blah blah it's despite brain spikes
so probably just going like this and the
doctors would be like he's got some
anger problems honestly like you with
all the technology in the world you why
is this thing this big I can't I give it
on a bracelet or something like this is
like 1980 stuff I mean you know what I
mean what there's an alligator wait why
is he turning why is he why is he
turning I don't like that you're turning
at me dude alright just stay close to me
dude thank you I don't know I'm trying
not to look to get you know the best of
me and all that stuff but it's hard it's
so annoying ah I know I know I shouldn't
complain since I really didn't feel like
going out to an actual movie theater and
stuff like that I rented this movie
called Jack Reacher don't know if it's
any good but Ali went nice things she
watched it was kind of funny I'm
watching Tom Cruise and she's watching
Tom Cruise yeah I just didn't feel like
honestly walking around with all these
wires and tomorrow it comes off so
that's a positive thing and then I can
go back to normal so I do think in the
movie hunkers it was just kind of bland
to me I don't know it was okay it's a
long time you said that
hmm so I know that guys I'm gonna bad
cuz this thing is freaking removed off
my head tomorrow which I'm pretty I have
to take a shower two days I know it's
pretty freaking gross but yeah this is
the first video watching you're new to
the CTFxC don't forget to click
subscribe and then you can hang out
daily with us we gotta get a million
guys I know we can do it since I did the
explosion yesterday can I uh can I
freeze that because I freeze time again
let's freeze time until the next video
one two three
wait
worthy
giddy with y'all trippin
it would be an ally don't forget so
anymore
