good morning Internet today well today
become a cyborg so you should start
today now all right let's go I'm just
kidding I didn't poop see I thought my
pants are now I get to touch your face
no now you have to touch your lovely
face no yeah I love you I love Gators oh
yeah get it I get her yeah yeah take
your legs out we'll take our legs out
just like oh you know weapon Zoe doesn't
like weapons like okay I run away just
like last time
you gotta get a stupid hat to wearing do
this stupid thing
it's so stupid so stupid don't want to
stupid do it you know what would make
this super cool is if when they put all
these electrodes on my head I had the
ability to like shock people so I can go
that was for the Simpsons where he goes
that addiction case one addiction you
fighting the gargoyles a new earth why I
don't know I don't know what you're
doing the last time I use one of those I
think was when I was doing geometry but
now they're gonna use it on his head I
guess boy works with all those markings
on your head looks good and you're gonna
get what is it that pace she forgot the
paste what didn't forget it but then I
reminded
this is crazy 23 of them yes that's
insane
yes it's a lucky number 23 is kind of a
legend holiday message if it was like 13
yeah yeah how's that board I can good
yeah almost done
the less you know it feels like it's
like the matrix Jeff one giant thing in
the back of my head with a giant needle
it's just a lot of little tiny things
uh-huh
so is that actually nothing like the
matrix there's like this one part where
your hair stick that's really funny here
you got a little nice cords hanging down
show the cords in the back okay count
how many cords are there that is your
brain and I will have to go cool
she was saying that the bat is blinking
you ready blink one plate ah
you're going to plate does absolutely
blink a lot that is that's fascinating
deep strobe light time dance party time
oh yeah
so your dance music that's how it is
it's funny how you talk right ah
do you remember this remember this
awesome snazzy look that I had with my
little satchel
what was it in October I think she said
was like around October 3 Halloween a
little hotter be wearing a beanie in a
long-sleeve shirt yeah you know the good
thing about this though I had them
install Wi-Fi this time so now I have
Wi-Fi wherever I go I just take all the
brain receptacles and I just Channel and
my phone I can tweet from it it's pretty
cool it's pretty fast it's actually
faster than 4G your brain is pretty
powerful if you didn't know you can get
Wi-Fi come on you can do it you can do
it do 6350 come on and faith in you come
on and faith in you three one more Oh
51 what is this I have a cyborg now Wow
so you learned from Marley don't you
Ally just discovered when cocoa eats the
look at her nose she bites it's like a
big giant line
Zoe are you instant you're instigating
you're instigating the game addiction
dude no how would you get up and let's
go enjoy life you stop instigating
what are you doing a little are you
twerking is your legs working over there
Internet I have a question for you some
people still get what do you call these
on Ali's arm you could say goosebumps
was a friend of mine it the goose
pimples and then did I imagine a goose
with a bunch of pimples yeah but I guess
goose bumps would just be like this
that's kind of weird too I don't know
what you guys say goose pimples and
goose bumps there I think those are
called fox squirrels so if you see a fox
squirrel
so he's like go back I want to get it
a rose by any other name is still a rose
right
is that it thank you well okay oh it
does smell good they're thorns on there
okay sharp
you having fun yes Ali home and garden
you know what you guys just reminded me
on Twitter I forgot the last time I had
this it gave me the powers to blow up
stuff you don't watch you don't believe
me okay Ali just picked those one two
three
see told you sorry all right
random photos somebody sent me on
Twitter at Zoey 2005 and Zoey 2013 this
is as close well he gets its own alleys
popcorn you know what you need to do
like that photo of me you need to get in
there yeah they won't get you I'm sure
he's like listen it's not technically
begging because she's down where we are
yeah so look at Zoe Zoe so you know can
I have some popcorn please
yeah she turns her head she's like yeah
I block for a few three kernels tools
want that I want that I want that
I don't want that I want that well I
don't want that are you are you fixing
my wires it's quite I'll be honest it's
it's that really like embarrassing to
walk in with this thing
but it's like it's weird cuz people
stare at you I mean you have all these
like crazy wires and the thing on my
head so definitely a weird feeling I'll
give you that I don't know it's just I
don't know it's very like self makes me
self-conscious that makes sense it's
like the few times that I actually feel
very very self-conscious I know I
shouldn't seriously how did you sniff
out the camp you literally just sniffed
out the candles now put it down no I'm
starting to dig these powers one-day
coffee I will consume you all we got
something for you
No blow that up well we blow it up each
our first try now didn't work you want
you look so sad either we transfer the
powers yeah I'll transfer over their
foot cuz I have currently have a lot of
stuff ready you did it you did it so I'm
so in the whole Mexican food you know
the burritos that I want to do fajitas
it's why he's gonna turn on the stove
turn on okay that was a little too much
the belly delicious let's just take a
look at this
that's the moans oh he's chewing on
that's the bone - how did that work out
all right well it's time to try to go to
bed
come out
sorry I was pulling on my hair so I'm
gonna try to figure out home to sleep
with all this crap on me oh yeah secret
phrase is char Borg cuz it's Charles and
cyber yeah okay never mind it's but it's
been a long day so I was thinking I
wonder what other kind of superpowers
this thing's giving me Oh
can I do it one more time one more time
one sweet
and yet
which all trippy
with Gianelli don't forget
