hey guy lays on screen it's just making
sure that was not poop
I mean honestly how else am I supposed
to find out if it's poop or not I don't
know
I had the sniffing sorry it was that
violate you guys by sniffing you good
news it's not poop mom that was really
weird
you know that pitch with your vocal
cords that you just can't hit so I'll
give you scream it's like or it's his
air I can't scream otherwise I have to
go oh come on Maya let's go hang out
okay now you're just now you're just
making fun of me now that was rude that
was why'd you do that
let's go outside let's hang out thank
you I see you strange Florida bug it's
got a love bug the other like connected
at the butts isn't that weird orange
heads strange Florida bug yes I'm still
wearing the same shirt you know what
fine you guys are just considering
Jackie the whole time
change my frickin shirt okay better
better it actually feels a lot better
good morning sleepyhead oh wait wait a
minute turn on are we wearing the blue
egg shit go change your shirt I already
changed mine for today twinsies
hi how are you doing good yeah whoa you
just fell on your face oh and now you
just turned your liking a locker bag dog
okay tack those bubbles barking no idea
Marly taking a poop I can tackle you
pinned
yep end three four
you're done I win I win
what'd you find some eggs
did you eat a bird did you need a pre
bird come on don't eat pre Birds I got a
splinter in my foot
get it out you're gonna do you're gonna
pull it out I can't it's already in
there that was what I was trying this is
all your fault no it is I was trying to
make sure you were needing the pre bird
now I have a splinter in my foot you
should be sorry
all right I forgive you
safety pin sterilized this is the best
way and what have I learned today
wear shoes and don't follow Marley don't
look at me like that I wouldn't ever
gave you to get what oh my god hell is
that I'm having I'm having a flashback
that one time we remember I had to
splinter in my lip and it was like this
long I don't remember what day it is if
you guys remember what day it is tell me
in the comments I don't remember what
day it is but it was like that big a
might nobody believed me it's like the
size of a fingernail it looks like a
pincher of a freaking like one of those
earrings
so yesterday was made fourth so you know
like may the fourth be with you God is a
tongue-twister so today is May fifth
revenger the fifth right that's what
I've been seeing on Twitter my say may
the fourth be with you I can just look
five five times fast you may the fourth
be with you may the fourth be with you
may the force be with you why don't you
think about it as may the force not make
worse with a list may the fourth be with
you where the fourth view I can't do
tongue twisters I literally bite my
tongue is literally twisted by it may
the force be with you where the fourth
bit
I don't know where that came from we're
trying to find something to eat and then
everything every suggestion we keep
coming up I was like taco and I'm like
burrito and then we're just like well
that's not gonna happen today it is way
too busy new tactic cuz we're totally
not gonna be able to eat anywhere that
we eat originally planned I know
Cinco DeMayo sucks not really it's
really fun but it sucks what you're
trying to do stuff especially if you
want to do anything related to like
Mexican food or anything around a
Mexican restaurant since yesterday was
such a friggin crazy and amazing day and
today it's crazy everywhere try cut it's
been nice to just kind of have a lay
laid-back low-key day because I feel
like I haven't had enough of those and I
know everyone in the comments door was
like Charles you just think it need to
take a day it just relax so that's kind
of what I'm doing lazy Sunday hanging
out with Zoe Marley lost girl Patrol
don't worry I got Marley on lockdown a
little conversation Zoe why don't we huh
I'm when I suggest questions and I'm
gonna try to respond so ten one of the
comments okay so what'd you guys do
today yes have the type of the comments
oh really that's pretty cool well where
did you get that Wow that's that's
pretty impressive so uh yeah that's
pretty cool always haven't you wake up
that's a little that's a little late I
mean that's kind of the definition of
lazy but that's okay that's a day I'm
not here to judge what would you do in
the nighttime
oh that's just that's just plain illegal
okay yeah
now genuinely curious what you guys
wrote in the comments with that
conversation
put your there to baby ducks quacking
along they love just falling on their
faces waddle-waddle girlfriend is
messing with them big time today
are you just playing with them dude that
is so funny
where do I go now long as he's played in
a while Oh mr. squirrel friend he
totally knows was doing oh no he's gonna
leave yeah he's gone every single day he
comes by runs back and forth just
torments my dogs
he's gone for today I'll be back
tomorrow so watch I'm just sitting here
I'm just gonna pan the camera I'm just
going to show you how creepy Marley can
be just just staring just since it's
been too busy to go anywhere we tried
all the other places to go get all I
wanted to burrito I just want a burrito
remember that so we're just gonna make
them that's so weird
flashback 2009 vlogs wow that is not a
burrito burritos
I say man Maria doesn't he comes back
with that why are you using my rice
thing because it's a burrito thing but
I'm gonna cook my rice with that well
you're gonna have Rito gunfire did you
put it out yeah we're watching a movie
that's why they just said cocaine really
loudly with a cow okay there she goes
again
she's going underneath the frickin
pillow to get rolling what do we got
here what a Dingle Otway that's what I'm
moving what movie is that Peter Pan or
something are you
Oh thing a lot bro thank you did he go
well I appreciate that
I got a dinglehopper well tomorrow is
going to be one of those days remember
last year when I cleared him everything
I had to have an EEG where they had
those things those electrodes all over
my head and I look like a giant robot or
a cyborg which I guess would be the
proper term I gotta do it again last
time I only did it for what was it one
day I think was one day this time I have
to do it for three freakin days so
tomorrow Charles becomes a cyborg no big
deal anyway I hope you guys had a good
day on your end I definitely need a nice
little recuperation day but yeah if you
knew this UK like see don't forget to
click subscribe and I'll see you guys
tomorrow as always things you try to do
brush your teeth
one-handed when you're vlogging vlogger
problems number 45
a word
with y'all trippin
with childcare
don't forget
