ah
Marley is ignoring us we just got the
but get up I've no I'm taking these
blackout curtains off you're like a
vampire oh you know what I thought I
thought we could play a game yours in a
grumpy mood this morning you ate your
breakfast I gave it to you is delicious
looking you're lying you didn't see it
Dilophosaurus again no Marley
fine you win playing video games ah give
me a shirt come here listen when I read
it says okay let's go out into the real
world
Wow ally is in the fake world let's go
find school friend yeah look ready wait
where you going
ah I stepped in poop
gross oh yeah you found some poop yeah
throw that poop it's a beautiful day and
I woke up and I checked the charts find
you there as of right now is number 59
and number 8 on the alternative charts I
honestly think we can get to the top 10
I think we could surpass our last more
we get number 5 with just keep really I
think we can do it and that's right now
it's like early morning so this is my
exciting dance
it's my excited dance it's me pulling
just one of those days worth exactly
just gotta stop to smell the flowers
beat beat baby no be on it yeah I know
be on this one see the smoke well that
looks like crap
that one looks better buddy huh Oh watch
your balance right on the edge that's
how we roll guys we live life on the
edge
you really should be careful doing
important business and endings babe slam
your finger down cars on what's working
now cars on it works now now let's play
dog or human back right tell me in the
comments she's ready for the beach EQ
great for the beach he's always got a
new game well she just sticks her nose
in the air conditioning vent and just
breathes it in
on Marley time right now can't enjoy the
world until yep oh you good you good
we're good now all right a beautiful day
can't we can't not come here since this
is a new camera I don't know where the
microphone is or how to block it with
the wind what when you're on the phone
in a public place don't look at other
people make contact like eye contact
with other people when you're on the
phone with somebody else especially when
you're saying hey how are you oh look at
you you're so cute wiggle wiggle yeah
that's just what happened right now and
I don't know if she was talking to me
but she was on the phone just just don't
be on the phone making eye contact it
confuses people watch your butt sorry
zoey is a master of waves Master General
Tire already Marley wants to eat it I
have no freaking idea okay see up okay
see think big they're really funny
once they dig down they they like turn
their whole body up dig dig dig dig dig
go go go go I got a winner does it I'll
eat him
between you with the dogs I don't know
who's digging it but more digging in the
mud this your excuse to dig in the mud
we've come down
back down oh you do all day obsessed
with the
energy energy she's off make it up to
you you can throw as much mud as you
want at me okay that makes me feel worse
if you do the puppy dog thing that makes
me feel like an evil person no see now I
feel like an evil person don't do the
Charlie Brown I'm sorry I love you know
you get sick but ah nasty as a piece of
grass right oh my god Charles go away
another guy got a Wi-Fi tattoo Wi-Fi
Wi-Fi can't no no you guys it's dinky so
ally and I are trying this new thing
called a health kick you ever heard of
that where you try to eat healthy you're
not doing that well then I'm alone on
this one and I'm gonna eat a smoothie
what do we got here Lindsey
deliciousness hey got tho action shots
action shots
Oh
do it now rod it's a crunch burger now
hamburger cheese American cheese right
this is the man the marks I don't like
it so much on this dinner one you can do
it
I don't have faith in you oh my god
you're facing Coley's face just lit up
Wow delicious are you doing the rock you
like in yours
seeing the rock hanging out with the cat
I forgot to show you guys this Lauren
picked up a billboard magazine and I
just got to show you this joint show
that was for just keep breathing that's
me that's us that's Justin Timberlake
it's pink icky Swift right there I'm
allowed to call her that cuz piranha you
know first-name basis
and bringing up this as of right now
before I go to bed we are at number 26
and I think three on the alternative
charts yes yes do the happy dance do the
happy dance if you guys haven't gotten
the song click right here please get it
gift it to all your friends tell all
your friends we have so if it's what as
I said 26 we have 16 spots to get to the
top 10 just sixteen what do you got
there
mmm Wow you left that in the perfect
amount of time - I'm an expert Oh
are you happy for daddy are you happy -
remember guys I gotta get that tour bus
with the stove that way can cook all the
time do you guys remember why I was
talking about that in the video so I'm
gonna go to bed tomorrow's will be a
busy day we're actually gonna be playing
a show in Florida we were playing in
Tampa which is crazy because we haven't
played a show and I think what no no and
secret phrase for today is happy
birthday Scott because this is birthday
so I'll see you guys tomorrow good night
worse psst
with trippy and alley
with shardene
