get him early I will punch you in the
face go go girl
fight fight fight come on wait Oh was
that oh here I'll pack a little she's on
the ground get her get her now
oh she grabbed her face with her boss Oh
moment sibling hood so I just brushed
you nail freakin dirty right there turn
your head the special treatment room it
the special treatment what is she eating
a snake she what time
oh hi my same thing you don't need it
you don't have another coat
how you doing pal everyone was asking
how Marley was doing with her leg and I
want to show it to you look it's almost
healed so you're ready to go chase
another squirrel it's girlfriend sleep
oh boy just a massacre of hair
everywhere you're gonna give a bird a
pretty awesome nest dude yeah that's
right
oh I just brushed it and landed back on
her guitar but now look yeah you better
be careful you're gonna fall right in
there
show my awesome a lot oh yeah up Zoe
cook she's like no no my awesome all out
there like that
oh I guess I don't sit with my nice
close the doors oh oh my god good girl
you okay today is the day I get to cut
my hair this is the longest I think it's
been in quite a long time actually I
don't know I just have like a giant mop
on my head
parents ever say that your hair got too
long you gotta get a haircut you have a
mop on your head no no one I have some
awesome news dude fxe do you want L know
what you always Alan do I tell ya what
you do right so it's Friday and that
means that rebeccablack
no no no find you there our second
single right here right pump it up pump
up the jams honey right here find you
there the second song let's turn it yeah
nonono series your series up it is now
out it is cop it comes Mike what the
hell every time we try really got out of
myself I turned a hit pause
I mean girls just hit pause why where is
it what do you mean where is the music
being iTunes so you can find it there I
have and too much agar it's out now and
I just oh my god you're never gonna get
through it you can click right here on
the single art and it'll take you right
to iTunes you recognize the photos the
photo I took the other day at the the
college show where we at that photo
shoot right here
now I need a haircut drive faster drive
faster we're stock killer dude wake up
ah I want to do your makeup ah I can do
your wake up way better than you okay
we're driving you can't put your makeup
on don't do that be safe and now now you
have to let me put your makeup on for
you it's the only safe thing to do
haircut time in summers hiding you can
for me I'll get you and your little baby
I'll get you and your baby bomb getting
your hair cut same thing you always good
why you say it like that because I
always try to talk him into doing
something fun and you never wants to do
it you're all talk don't do that you're
gonna go brush your shoulders off oh
they didn't pants to gamma Sheldon ah
I'm literally brushing my shoulders off
as you show me just like nothing
attention I just walk walked into the
road turn around let me see oh it looks
really good honey okay you need to stop
walking directly into the sunlight I
want to get my blue seal oh oh oh I just
got chills did you just got chills
banana nose banana nose alright
you my nose why won't you my nose mmm
okay guys prepare sorry I just put a
butterscotch candy in my mouth
so these curtains do a pretty good job
of blocking though are you are you
videoing right no no I just look outside
it's beautiful up look at the birds yeah
I see him yeah they look great
school friends right there huh yeah no
not just again I want to like be ready
so anyway for I was rudely interrupted
by my video bombing husband who is still
I'm sure making fun of me behind me I'm
gonna change these freaking curtains cuz
I wake up every single morning with a
Sun blasting in my face the birds are
really oh oh
punch you in the stomach kitchen I heard
you tried to frame Marley so kitchen
pooped on the on the bed and we thought
it was Marley if we thought it was you
that pooped on the bed I know so you
were trying to frame Marley huh I know
I'm sorry we didn't believe you I know I
should have known I'm just surprised you
didn't eat the cat boob you like the cat
poop well is something you would do
though alright I guess I'll have to
trust you from now on that was kind of
rude oh my gosh our pumpkins are coming
with destruction comes beauty and food
and delicious pumpkins lawrence
squealing where is it nothing that's a
pumpkin
I would like to eat that pumpkin players
yeah we got a pumpkin going and get you
guys to chase it together they'll be
hilarious this is the first time I've
ever seen quadruple a batteries 28 years
old I've never seen quadruple a
batteries
board waiting for Ally I don't want the
horn work why the whole doesn't work if
the car is out a hunt that's stupid the
horn doesn't work if the car's not on
it's so dumb good old golf cart reliable
golf cart
ally had a hankering for some ice if I
say hankering and I just like it on my
80 year old man now yes sir professor
trippy
except of course like this like I do it
almost every restaurant I order
something and then I see something else
that I want way more but they're already
making what I what are you doing
I accidentally have you ever bit ice
cream before certain people out there
that bite and chew ice cream do you do
that is there anyone out there and stiff
ex-seal and that actually choose her ice
cream since i didn't buy anything do you
think i could use the bathroom get loud
I'm out loud we're only I get to pee not
you what I'm doing it just want to wash
my hands look at the Karma the sink just
up and I just did I peed myself
hey hot stuff can I get your number now
Alley just jumped in the shower this is
what you call payback ready well don't
give her away you'd given me away One
for the Money two for the show three to
get ready and four - oh she's gonna be
so pissed
hey Zoe
see now you know how it feels this is
how it feels did you get when you mess
with Charles BAM don't be mad love you
you notice how Zoe didn't close the door
on me that's right Zoe you're my team
yeah the wag what are you listening to
oh you know that is like that
look I'm bleeding babe
that's what happens when I do the dishes
so I shouldn't have to do the dishes
ever no I should never have to do the
dishes because I the results of me
bleeding decided get out of things well
it's past midnight and that means find
you there can download it and download
downloading it find you there is now
available if you click right here click
on the album art guys go download it
just keep breathing did so well at what
silver
I think find you there I can go gold I
think we can make it go gold tell your
mom your dad your grandma everyone at
school I'm waving my hands like I just
don't care it's the cheapest we can make
it without the glitch like we did with
just keep breathing I mean it means so
much to us the band
Travis Danny and Koli and Hunter me
particularly because this is the first
album as a member of we the kings and is
the second song and I just I'm so pumped
for you guys to hear it and I mean I
took the photo our buddy Karl designed
the cover this is like a CTFxC thing
this is this is yours as much as it's
ours I know I said a bunch of times but
it really you guys blow me away and I
really am excited for you guys to hear
it so let's make it gold gold guys I
think we can do it I'll see you guys
tomorrow don't forget to check out the
four year montage video if you have to
check that out click right here for the
song or the montage videos down there in
the description but up thank you guys
for everything honestly alright have a
great night guys
we wait
hey where's the esse yo
giddy with y'all trippin
yes with trippy Harry don't forget to
