hey Thunder buddy is this how we're
starting year five like there's a lot of
thunder out there and I'm not a big fan
of it not a big fan of this Thunder
thing come on Thunder okay we'll just
hang out here don't worry the thunder
king could you why'd you guys switch
Zoey it's completely fine right now
don't shake your shaking you're shaking
like I do when I have too much coffee
you shake it way too much okay I think
we need to help Marly out with some song
therapy when you hear the sound of
thunder don't get too scared
just grab your Thunder buddy and say
these magic words you Thunder okay
sounds like a heartwarming children's
song she's physically looking her whole
head it's shaking well now cuz Charles
is moving ever look at her face and this
one's drinking water hey guys welcome to
year 5 remember yesterday how how
positively awesome and bright and shiny
and sunny and everything I give you
bipolar Florida what's he doing don't
tell me what to do no the blanket can't
go with you everywhere go confront your
demons dude slowly she'll confront her
demons look it's not so scary oh so
you're not scared of that the Thunder
wait when did the water bowl started
vibrating like in Jurassic Park I think
you're a liar oh really
you saw a dinosaur well okay what kind
of noise did it make
so what you're telling me is you saw a
Dilophosaurus outside our window Ali and
I were just talking about our wedding
website from a long time ago and I just
want to show you this well I didn't know
that so how many days have we been a
newlywed 528 days we've been married
five hundred and twenty eight days sexy
as you're cleaning the counter yeah
clean that counter get this inspect that
counter take that trash out
yeah 528 oh yeah scrub that down Zoe we
gotta get you a new bed that should be
that you can't sleep on a sheep
look I can't sleep on this what'd you
find
you guys remember all these tours the
made a tour there's a simple plan tour
Zoe simple plan for part two I don't owe
the Euro tour the demi lovato tour I was
like why aren't my speakers working I'm
trying to figure it out and I just like
did this and apparently I guess Corey
and the crew had to cover up that light
when they were doing the interview for
the documentary that's funny it was like
oh no I gotta get new speakers oh my god
make it stop ratings are you freaking
God side stop stop no work it's not
working wait stop you just got me wet
hey so my dad just called and dad okay
tell me what you just said tell me what
you just said when you answer the phone
okay just wanted to make sure because I
didn't know if it was you or not both my
mom and my dad both do that it literally
says mom and dad when they call but they
always go they always introduced himself
I think it's the proper way to do it
it's proper it's very polite I Marley's
showing off for my dad yeah what do you
got
we're on the cover that's awesome
awesome look at that this is a neat
story to kill a picture of Travis that's
cool Wow they actually use that photo
that's pretty funny make some music
Kobe coming coming
hey Toby hi hi buddy is it oh boy I
haven't seen you guys in a while
Toby turn around no don't put your booty
on me oh this dog is just like a serious
lap dog you have a toy that still has
this rat of the wrapping on it high-five
Kobe high five foot five foot four I
know you'll make them kick me in the
balls is there cat outside tell the
Kathak in the house
Koby brings in cats when they don't
listen so what's happening is that my
mom has this old rat a B router and we
got her those new computers and stuff
like that and I think we need to get her
new router so I'm trying to a little bit
of networking you ready to get a Twitter
what no no haven't seen you in a while
mo what's up buddy
you cool cat so I feel kind of guilty
right now normally I would be eating
cereal with a normal-sized spoon I know
this is deceiving but check it out when
I take it out GI gantt or spoon it's
kind of embarrassing I don't have any
other clean spoons so I'm using a spoon
that's the size of my head to eat my
cereal for dinner which is also equally
sad oh it's the dastardly bath time okay
okay thank god this is the first time
that we've been able to bathe her since
before her accident and she oh my god
she reeks so thank goodness we're
finally able to clean and I'm sure she
feels good - well Internet year 5 starts
your 5 today ok what was your favorite
moment no yawning no young my all-time
all-time favorite moment round robin go
Contiki kentucky mine would have to be
when i got the golf cart um my parents
got cocoa and I want to walk tour I also
I second that worked right
when Yoshi scanned his but we made Brian
look like it's pretty bad actually
oh my god all the stuff that you guys
did in the green room that's some of my
favorite like personal moments is when
I've been editing by myself at like 9:00
in the morning so you get to see some
stuff that doesn't make it to the video
because it's too risque I have like a
compilation of horrible
we the kings like disgusting stuff that
no one can ever see and it's so funny go
into Australia and holding a koala bear
yeah eating I don't get to do that
like it's like there's so many awesome
moments 2009 was when we started this
thing we lads I couldn't fathom having a
community like you guys surrounding us
like it's just unbelievable it's gonna
be crazy to see what happens in the next
five years maybe like when year 5 ends
we'll just have like a huge blowout
party and we'll just like invite
everyone to come and hang out what's
called VidCon yeah how do we do this
thing we're have a convention we bring
in a bunch of youtubers it's been truly
amazing yeah VidCon doesn't know cake
will have cake so for today I want to
know in the comments tell me the day the
the video day that you started watching
the CTFxC I want to see that's what day
were you watching it day one day one -
I'm day one yeah well the battery's no
flashing tell me in the comments I want
to see how long you guys been around if
it was privada Tevan crazier and if you
started yesterday we love you just as
much
yep welcome to the CTFxC hey so if you
haven't checked the year four montage
video go click there that's on the
screen I check that out or links down
there in the description go relive the
moments and stuff like that it's pretty
amazing it was actually made by one of
you see TMX ears absolutely fun to watch
so click here go check it out it's on
the screen so you can click that and you
can watch the montages from 1 2 & 3 as
well so click that pick imaginary watch
ok hope you guys like it
where's the ESX
with y'all trippin
see
don't forget
