Connect connect connect the Internet is
so slow it's like I'm on freakin dial-up
internet right now there's like time
travel to the 1990s look watch Connect
connect connect oh okay well I never got
to turn my Wi-Fi on yeah so if you guys
all want to collectively in the comments
is facepalm that's that that'll be quite
all right let's see what Elly is up to
bring those knees up
bring them up go out bro well totally
hope her out Marley none of you are
listening today just keep breathing
he said just keep breathing we make me
feel lazy
like no I'm not comfortable with this so
as anyone gonna mention the 1990s
dial-up login no one
Thank You Zoe for bringing in the taco I
don't know I got bored it's the end of
year four and I was like you know what I
want to see how many people actually
remember using dial-up so honestly tell
me the comments do you do you ever
remember using that AOL slow waiting
10-15 minutes just to get on the
internet no you can't bring your taco
outside that's in it it's an indoor taco
come on buddy let's go I can't tell that
is that is Marly probably kind of roll
in suppo I remember as a kid waiting so
freaking long just to get on the
Internet thankfully technology's a
little faster Oh what is this
this is the banana tree trying to grow
through the grass mr. lizard what
happened to your tail but yeah I guess
it kind of just glossed over the fact
but today is the last day of year for
tomorrow actually starts year five and
it's insane to think about because I
vividly remember starting year four and
of course at the end of this video will
be the awesome year for a montage video
but yeah if you haven't checked that out
you can just click down there or at the
end of the video and you can basically
relive your for Willa all of us what you
got a flag you get a baby frog yeah he
jumped out of the pool hose he was
hiding in there then stop happen stop
hippity hopping no no no no no you have
a frog on your back Riley
oh you jumped off
you're so delicate with frogs but you
hate squirrels what did she lock the
door just a crazy face dude
as you can tell so he's not a fan of
locked doors
killing time when Ali's getting ready
guys boat patrol patrol are you ready
yet
All Right girls who wants peanut butter
I'm just mesmerized how fast these two
can like eat peanut butter
go go go go go there was a contest you
guys would win something like that I had
just had the greatest idea
Allie come here and see if you can eat
peanut butter faster than Zoe Marley
oh yeah it's a bit you like the wrong
way going down bitches we gonna have
cool names what do you want our name a
Libra belly that's not that cool that's
very lame lame name a chunky PV crusher
that's even dumber fine smooth operator
all right like that losing creamy oh I
got it I got it
peanut better okay we got to put on
other lips and then go okay go yeah we
got a smile on your face there's a lot
harder than I thought
I'm always gonna see baby hit the liquor
our own get it off on your own Marley's
just licking nothing and then Zoe's is
putting it on our leg damn your dad okay
Farley's might be done no no he's gonna
look for it up Zoe's done he's always
done now Zoe be it the age-old question
can you eat peanut butter quicker than a
dog no no and also I really need some
water oh my god guys prairie dog and now
it's time for your evening jam session
enjoying the smooth jazz baby you like
that like that Yanni you're for your fur
gonna be you bath go to that boy I don't
know but I like it
professor peanut better did you just
kill a plant camille or sale you were to
buy you know what I just realized
you don't seriously I don't pull the
plants out of the ground what are you
for you you only buy them you only buy
the dead plant you buy the plants that
are grown sustainably so that you can
buy them you don't rip them nice foliage
out of the poor people's front area stop
it well that's poisonous so I told
Charles to literally stop and smell the
roses we just decided to sit on the
bench and just relax for a minute could
the day is really nice you know looks
like it's about to rain but I just
wanted to show you where you missed a
little bit hey Internet oh my god a
ladybug just landed on me again my face
get it off little sexy bit right here oh
I like that two ladybugs in two days
that sounds pretty awesome really what
this what if I pull it
but bellboy oh my god you totally fell
for it the internet was like Ali don't
do it oh wow I haven't kids now I always
just punch me in the balls my funny bone
you deserved a nut shot no no no it's
all gone
no no echoed throughout the whole store
well since I'm still not supposed to be
drinking any alcohol beverages I thought
I'd get some sparkling wine some grape
juice I'm sorry my sparkling wines
broken grape juice to celebrate and
bring in the new year I guess it is a
kind of a new year okay I never realized
that bees and soda is a pretty big
problem
yes figure if for some reason I don't
know why it just seems like the snooty
version of yogurt I don't know why
though ah there we go
I bought some balloons to celebrate look
nobody likes balloons in this house get
it it's just a balloon dude
everyone likes balloons oh my gosh it's
stuck to it
wait did you go and buy the things that
I picked under buddy watch this
I can try with you let me try with you
come here it stuck to you see it's stuck
to your head screw anniversary cakes as
though we're doing anniversary muffins
much better and they're in delicious
Zoey's favorite toy so we are
christening the end of the year for got
some sparkling I guess apple juice
essentially for me and then I would get
champagne for everybody else only the
best
only the best over here like here for is
now done it's over with okay here's the
thing is I was trying to think of I was
watching I was rewatching the montage
video which is at the end you'll see it
but in the comments because there's a
lot of things that I didn't even
remember but in the comments tell me
your favorite moments from year 4 what's
your the cake I'll share the cake
hey you're actually 5 this works for you
oh don't lick it all right here's the
year 5 happy birthday CTFxC year 5 let
them drink it
we get happy blog over three no all
right go enjoy the montage video well
that is that that is it that this is the
last video of year for year for this is
last video don't worry we're not
stopping your fives tomorrow we're gonna
keep going and actually if you click
over there over there where somewhere on
the screen we're down in the description
is the year for a montage video so you
can click there and check it out
and actually when you go there there'll
be a one a link for year one two and
three as well as a bonus year for number
two montage video click there check out
the air for montage video we live some
of the awesome moments of year four and
yeah here's the year five over over
there I can't click it for you guys you
get a click it right there or sound in
description
yes
with dripping
with European early
