i NK x did it you did it do my pancakes
did it you did it do my compiled eggs
dudududu yeah I'm making pancakes part
of a balanced breakfast look I even put
Nutella is okay is it Nutella or nut
tella I don't know why I said Nutella
but a lot of you guys say it's nut Ella
tell me in the comment I don't know I
always say Nutella I don't know where it
came from but I put it on my pancakes
and it's delicious so I don't care all
right we gotta clean Miley's legs she's
out of her little bandages though things
are starting to heal up he's starting to
heal up you don't have a hole in your
leg anymore you're gonna chase another
squirrel that you contemplating it don't
move
look there's a hare don't move don't
move there we go don't know don't like
it ah let's I I have to go to the Apple
store to get my Mac my screen fixed
again what is this number five or six
that they've had to replace my screen I
don't know what it is you know let me
show you if you have the MacBook Pro
Retina I don't know if you guys are
having this problem but look do you see
the little dots it doesn't make any
sense whatsoever and every time I take
at Apple they're just like dude since
Travis is in here I figured I can give
you guys a little bit more of a sneak
peek I'll find you there since it comes
out on the 3rd was like 3 or 4 days so
just don't tell Travis that I'm doing
this ok
continue along as Siri Syria hm
see what just doesn't want you here it
was only four days you guys can wait I'm
gonna make everyone feels super old
right now
how long ago how old do you think that
song is I listened to that song when I
was like eight Saturday that song is 18
years old
you guys all feel super old right now
gangsta's paradise is 18 Holly doesn't
know how to do math we mone
we already know that Ali sucks at math
in these vlogs you guys already figured
out why
gangsta's paradise is 18 years old
alright gotta go back to the doctor I
guess in its case the plastic surgeon or
the aluminum surgeon or the aluminium
surgeon for all Europeans taking the
taking the laptop to the doctor that's
back of the doctor it's got five dead
what would be the equivalent of a pixel
on a person my dead moles or something
like mold that have to be removed it's
got some bowls of you so my laptop is
getting fixed but because it's the
whatever time they're there rushing it
we're gonna go see if we can find the
magazine now Oh found it and there it is
okay oh yeah oh I totally found it just
imagine if we were on who wore it best
it's a surprise date impromptu date time
where I stopped
yes after I know make delicious pancakes
Palli don't look there's somebody behind
you don't look there's somebody behind
you right now
yeah and figure this out this is Ali's
favorite restaurant of all time
those restaurant dance in this place is
funny I asked for a little small salad
and I get a giant plate of salad
I know funny yeah it's gonna have a
small salad oh yeah you wanna you wanna
say that the whole thing a lettuce so
since I have that giant hole in my pants
I'm trying to find some new black beans
because if you got actually I don't know
if I mentioned this may 4th we're
actually playing at this it's called the
funshine music festival in Tampa Florida
or playing a gate bum on Saturday May
4th so if you're in like the Tampa area
you should you should come out you
should come hang out but yeah just
Google funshine music festival I want to
see a bunch of CTF X years on that day
because daily figuring out I don't know
my waist size okay no I'm looking at
your hand wave this is what you got to
do next it's like what your parents love
it it's like okay does it you have a
little room here to grow okay jiggle it
all right you have a new room who's
jiggling your pants
black pants I can't even see me am i
over here am i over here I got a text
message ignore that
any time Ali wants me to check her teeth
to see if there's any gunk in there this
is Ali this is what she does every time
very she does is there anything that
doesn't matter where we are and the baby
looked at me she's kicking and screaming
and I made a face and she was like
Mother of God Ali and I are having a
little bit of a wee bit it up yeah she
the thing that says directory right
there she doesn't she refuses to believe
me that there's going to be a director
and other side of that that's the
directory what's this what's this what's
this directory yay it's no big solution
broken what what was that whoa whoa just
came out of my mouth is that what you do
is only when you're stressed you just
eat would you ever try it oh yeah I got
got your time she wins what do you want
nincompoop
I push you over so dress ting
do you want to go on the golf cart would
you like to go on the golf cart would
you like to go on the golf cart why
don't I go for ride probably at the
chase the squirrel promises will not be
made look at me look at me look at the
camera you promise same face
get a lucky Love Bug labored for
blocking traffic he's shitting all over
me when I was throwing up on me he's
marking here I don't know if this is
poisonous
he's killing you he's like kissing me
with black vomit Jesus that's coming out
of his mouth man
for golf cart ride we have to put Marley
into the safety well we're gonna call
the safety feet from now on basically
where Ali has to basically grasp her so
I didn't feel that a ladybug all over
you I've always this thing way now I
know I'm under the speed limit and
everything that's being don't worry char
if I'm editing the video that they're
watching now in the video that they're
watching now and then I show the video
in the video and I talk what was that
it's called a mind actually I'm just
cracking up because I'm looking through
today's vlog I'm laughing at earlier
when Charles did the pancake city looks
so dejected at the end like right here
but yeah I don't know if I've ever done
that before that I think I've done that
once when I've like responded to the
vlog in the vlog on the day of the vlog
what so you've been drinking for like a
minute and a half straight dog Zoe okay
Laurie what sir favorite time when I put
some dog food into the bellow and then I
spill it everywhere because I suck at it
okay block of the camera you dingus
at like clockwork hey you being too
polite don't be a polite dog be a
scrounge their eyes her eyes are like so
scary what she looks like when she's
chasing a squirrel what's wrong with
your lip but no you don't just go for
the source okay so like mmm so modern
pizza was invented in Naples Italy but
here's something interesting
500 BC purge the Persian soldiers would
bake flatbread on their son they're like
there's shields and put cheese on it
whoa so guess who's gonna be up in a
couple days actually May 1st year number
of five you got a natural video montage
of some of the cool moments in here for
you wow it's just gonna hit me you're
five lot of freakin awesome think our
next one was a big number where do you
like that little oh yeah yeah yeah one
now that is it for today's video I'm
gonna go to bed her actually that's not
sure I lied I'm gonna watch Parks and
Rec what are you doing treat yo self
anyway thank you guys so much for
watching today's video be sure to
subscribe if you haven't already and
today's secret phrase is wait what am I
paying attention I'm sorry what that's a
secret phrase today's your phrase is
wait what I'm not even paying attention
wait what
Thank You Charles alright we love you
guys we'll see you tomorrow good night
what
it's done
yes
giddy with y'all trippin
the Druids with Dirty Harry
