morning guys time to start this again
there's this time we're going home hotel
pillows
worst thing in the world you have to
mash like four or five of them to get
one half of like a half of a pillow
essentially there's a scumbag Steve
pillows right here that's what they are
I mean how would each be at the matched
goalie hide to mash to get to remember
you I get three I wedge one on my hip
and one of my shoulder than one away
Hannibal you know there's there's maybe
half a pillow
each one is a coaster scumbag pillow
time to go
Pat's leg is done you know what I think
I'm discovering the secret to traveling
it's just no shame just no shame I don't
even care what I look like right now I
buy a look like somebody punched me in
the face no shame but I'm comfortable I
feel like that's the key to traveling no
shame equals comfort and that was travel
tips with Charles I need like a little
intro strumming all these little stupid
things that I have that that right
okay
feel bad for them I may or may not have
just farted in that elevator get out and
watch those people get in
so I just got out to film this super
badass black snake that was just like
slithering across the parking lot and it
got away
wait don't laugh at me because I'm not
fast enough sure my mom was like go in
front of it so he can't run away and I
as soon as I get out of the cars I quit
every time I come to Home Depot I'm
totally in awe he's like amazing blue
orchids I don't think I would ever put
them on my ass for like if you had a
blue themed room this would be really
really cool on awesome news I was just
told by our manager that just keep
breathing I was on the Billboard Top 100
and they actually have our photo they
never do this they have our photo and a
blurb about us so I'm gonna go see if I
can find a magazine and actually pick it
up because I'm pretty pumped it's a
billboard like I said before it's all
because of you guys so that's what we
got to do with find you there we got to
do it again with find you there I know
we can I know we can I'm ready I'm ready
to feed my plants in Florida the weeds
are growing like crazy at this time of
year so I got to do more riveting boring
adult stuff and fertilize my lawn and
home
what's up
and stop and say hi tools pufferfish I
know now it's hard to find Billboard
magazine okay why would they would they
have a playboy like can you imagine a
dude just on the airplane just reading
Pitt Playboy's just like oh yeah I like
the articles oh you want just people get
it if you scrape your ball somebody gave
you a taco with a moustache for you oh
look at this because this is to keep you
from trying to jump off the golf cart so
yes your archenemies squirrel that you
jumped after and let's go check on the
moustache taco how you doing
sorry taco you got your taco in the
moustache all right you girls keep and
daddy company you being good girls I
always feel so bad for him because he
loves to go to shows and travel and do
all that stuff but when he comes home he
usually has had like probably six to
eight hours of sleep for about two or
three days like total so he's always
like completely wiped and I feel so bad
but I'm glad he's finally sleeping coz
he like hates taking naps but he really
needs to catch up on sleep just woke up
from my nap hey you didn't wake me up in
time so the video was a little late
processing time videos taking a little
longer than expected
what are you had your face so at the
risk of setting what would you call it
if you took lemonade and mixed it with
strawberry lemonade again it that you
already have the original lemonade
already in the strawberry lemonade but
you're adding more lemonade
so is it lemonade strawberry lemonade or
lemonade to the to power or lemonade
square Oh strawberry lemonade square I
know that sounds like a stupid question
but think about it for a couple seconds
and maybe you well well maybe not maybe
it makes perfect sense to you just a
little tired still hey you know what
let's let's name something I like
strawberry lemonade square in the
comments tell me what we should call
strawberry lemonade lemonade well why
not right if we're solving the world's
problems guys this is important I want
to see stuff in the comments right now
we better solve this right in the eye
okay weird it's raining there on the
pond but it's not raining on me
well it's checking you out that Hawk
looking at you what you doing mr. hawk
it's still raining there but it's not
raining anywhere on me right now weird
4dx zoom so close I could barely keep it
straight
oh geez okay stop okay
in case you were wondering what the hawk
was looking at it when I was making that
face
I was watching Marley go all over the
craft actually a scary story when I
first got Marley she was the size of
probably Zoey's head like their complete
body was the size of Zoe's head and I
would take her to the park all the time
and there would always be like hawks and
stuff now it's on our house there were
always be hawks and stuff like that that
would always just like gonna circle
around and just wait and stuff like that
I was so scared I was so scared and one
time when I was at the park one swooped
it didn't get her but it was swooping
at her and I just looked like dad and
just like scared it away it's pretty
scary project number two for this room
finally got the curtains but now I need
to figure out how to make this glass
okay cannot see through oh I mean
translucent enough for the light to go
through just you can't see detail
because this is the shower and this is
my office
oh god you suck you what you doing what
you doing huh
fourteen fourteen twenty to thirty
thirty-one sixteen get is Oh II get a
Joey get her Zoe dad good attack you
just missed the nastiest burp I just did
the nastiest bird because what I did I
fart in the elevator and I walked out
and then I I accidentally saw a bunch of
people walk in it was in the sky clever
the sky close was the best place to do
it
give me your t-shirt freezing your nips
off come on don't find flowers I think
the biggest it's just gonna die
dan get the Gator colors you know
chomping right now man I'm not up a bowl
wait miss me USF Bulls the rest of this
bull country wait Ellie you're wearing
Gator clothes colors Internet is she
wearing data colors teller in the
comments and boys who know their colors
set him straight
Gator colors I want to get a house full
of tiny furniture and just like invite
somebody over that has never been to our
house and just have to be furniture
everywhere don't say anything about
anything and just have people just walk
in like the best thing would be to
change someone's house
why just change their house yes that'd
be funny too that was like my best
impression of dorodango guitar oh man
she's like fu
see what you did
psst
with y'all trippin
in early don't forget
