good morning guys so today we woke up
and apparently I don't know if you guys
knew this hurricane Irma there's another
hurricane brewing in the in the ocean
and it looks like it's coming for
Florida I'm nervous because I'm always
nervous I don't like hurricanes
obviously nobody does but at the same
time I'm also optimistic because
hurricanes are always coming to Florida
and then they always spin off so I'm
hoping huh yeah I know that Publix was
so insane today and there's no water
left
people are taking they're getting baby
formula they're getting canned foods
they're all batteries are going just
gone to Walmart waters off on there to
like four or five sandbag locations I'm
set of Branson peas today but luckily I
think our house is probably 15 to 20
feet above sea level so I'm hoping the
other house unfortunately I don't think
is good you don't think sarah stuff
isn't attached our evacuation plan
should be Sarasota
really maybe it's gonna hit st. Pete
like tomorrow it's between is we have to
leave tomorrow and go to the Sarasota I
mean I'm being very very serious what is
scary this is a good way to wake up
that's right guys we're gonna go prep
today oh also I don't know if you can
hear this right here let's see like you
knew it may been hearing it as I was
just talking but this is the brand-new
we the kings song I was telling you guys
that we've never released or anything
I had big sounder description it's
called planes trains and cars I've been
so excited to release the song it's just
been sitting on my computer and I wanted
to tell you guys so much but finally
it's out and I'll put a link in the
description go get it call planes trains
and cars and I feel like a lot of you
guys specially a lot of you old school
we the Kings fans are gonna really
freaking love it there's positive and
then there's kind of potentially scary
this morning so good morning this is
what I was kind of talking about and if
you look very carefully that is st. Pete
the little bottle opener
well stare sodas in there though yeah it
is the flood wise they don't know and
well sorry sodas right on the water
that's my problem but this is what we're
kind of talking about this is a woman
you've got RV trip yeah this is when we
need the RV for sure I don't know about
you but I feel like this is the first
time we really had to prepare for a
hurricane in Florida because we do brush
it off because it happens or you get the
threats
well there's was when the head Naples
that was the close go solar minister
said as the closest I think yeah
Hurricane Andrew actually that's the one
I was actually my first birthday I think
no my first birthday look there was
something when I was in I feel like it
was like there was one in second grade I
remember 1992 what I'm saying is it's
like it's like a bunch of ants is
running around with shopping carts
trying to fill up everything actually
ants is probably the best comparison
because everyone's a cat food and stuff
and they're like greens are they cut
things are getting real geez my bucks
cooler than all these blades do we need
bean bags what kind of batteries beer
use a beer good lots and lots of beer
it's got water in it
I'm serious actually I guess it would be
hydrate you two at the same time Cory
now it's the only thing that has Parker
oh I don't know it it later has water
water in the name
watermelon water crescents
everything else has water in it you know
I wasn't really worried and now I'm like
here and now I'm a little nervous like
you just see everyone just piling things
see this is the thing that all they have
is junk food yeah
I don't know what kind of better it's
the remote I mean the flashlights are
you want to be tub of mayonnaise
non-perishable items or items out
so I think Ali and I went a little
overboard at first our first cart full
was like five hundred and seven dollars
so we got rid of some of the excess huge
thing like a big giant tub of animal
crackers and yeah that was me
duct tape tarps Gatorade containers
those things I think is what we needed
here that's for sure
it felt real in there everyone was just
cutthroat if we're trying to take
everyone else's stuff okay so that was a
weird experience we're just trying to
get everything in
apparently there's people over here and
like checking everyone's windshields
being like oh did you know you have soy
sauce oh and so we can get your
windshield free in Florida they're
selling windshields right now it's
helping and yeah but this is not the
right time or place
people are freaking out big time now so
they've been sold out of Canada's pretty
much everywhere the idea when the
t.j.maxx
yeah and they have a bunch of them and
the cool thing is to thing smell nice
they're not just my smell and like
nothing so at least we have like cookie
butter going around the house nice
little visual hurricane it's right here
this tiny little Peninsula is Florida I
feel bad about Cuba and the Bahamas and
all that stuff they're gonna get dwarfed
and Haiti especially to Haiti always
seems to get there like worst the worst
end of the stick I think the short end
is thick like crazy look who was
hitchhiking on the side of the road
don't look at me diesel don't look at me
good boy Oh bad boy this is where you're
sort of freaking out
I've been obsessed with this song
I'm so so excited that the song is
finally out I just feel like this is a
song that is just like you know a lot of
people you know may have like you know
growing up estoppel listening to be the
Kings just simply the same way like you
know some people start watching you know
CTFxC like ten you know ten year eight
ten years ago
everyone's growing up but I feel like
when I listen to this song it just gets
me so pumped up again like don't get me
wrong I love all our other songs I have
some my favorite all-time songs but this
one I just cannot wait to play live all
I gotta say is memorize the lyrics
because this is a song we're definitely
going to be playing live so to start
memorizing now it's possessed my mom's
phone is possessed right now I've never
seen this happen I'm not doing anything
right now
I ought you were nuts I did not even is
changing the time
okay I'm weirded out now I was like this
is this ghost won't wake up at 7:00 or
7:45 or 750 they have to have somebody
directing people getting in there the
lines all the way out there this is
incredible this is kind of weird because
we're so used to being so laid back rush
like hurricane parties but now
everyone's legitimately freaking me out
and we just looked on the news
and it said that it has turned into a
category five hurricane and that it's
they're measuring it on was inside sinus
millimeters by size millimeters or
something which is like an earthquake
rating seismograph seismograph is saying
that it's measuring on there like so
many sizes size millimeters or whatever
I know it's 185 miles an hour right now
but we're really good at this window
stage now it's like nice beautiful if
his mom about it and my family and
Melissa and everybody like should we
pack everything up and start driving
north because I talked to my dad
probably tomorrow Wednesday Thursday cuz
I already talked to my dad and his house
is kind of like lower he's actually on
his way driving to Buffalo which I told
her I was like dad you'd have to go all
the way to Buffalo but he's agreed okay
cuz this family and everything
my dad's booking at the Buffalo New York
our house is like it's pretty high above
sea level actually remind me when I get
home you can't remind you I'm gonna
remind myself to check and see how high
above sea level it actually is and then
you know that's a positive things you
don't want to be lower it's not I'm
worried about the water please don't get
me wrong because we are literally on an
island Peninsula kind of yeah whatever
bye water you know and I'm like scared
about the water just because of how bad
he is who was affected I'm also really
really nervous about the wind it's like
a party at the playground it's gonna be
interesting
so we got here a little bit late but
apparently this was about five feet tall
worth of sand and now people are just
scrambling to get what they can he's
nuts
okay now everything is kind of like
hitting me a little bit more high
because okay in the years my adult years
I should say I've never seen this and
apparently there's like a couple of
their locations and at those locations
people have the waiting for hours on end
and they say so will be here tomorrow at
7 a.m. we're coming in that early they
get fan it's really gonna funny because
when he first got here I was like okay
so people are just digging in the
parking lot like just taking the sand
out of the parking lot but I realized
first and at one point here that's scary
all right well we're back at 7 a.m.
isn't that creepy
that's so creepy to me this was all once
water various waters not just water but
like flavored sugar-water too and
there's no bread see I don't know if
it's just because Ali and I are obsessed
with our animals but one thing people
forget is their dogs and their pets and
their cats and the goldfish and
everything like that they forget that
get extra food we do Brandon because I
know plush it out for that stationary
thing well yeah that's just kind of like
a tip right there because a lot of
people actually forget about their pets
not on purpose but just in the chaos oh
yeah
so I highly recommend that that people
don't even think about the pita bread
and the wraps they go straight for the
old-school bread who's laughing now
oh I feel like we're one step ahead
right now now we gotta get gas that's
one thing but apparently all the gas is
being sent to Miami right now because so
many people are actually trying to leave
Miami and the southern Florida it is so
all the gas has been diverted to Miami
in that area
so we might not have gas get it oh
that's alright good thing get me a brand
new bike now we're in line for gas this
feels like something I read about like a
long time ago with the gas shortage I
think was in the 70s the gas crisis I
remember seen photos of people just
lining up for yes so it kind of reminds
me of I don't think they actually
haven't guessed all right this is weird
this is weird me out now
yeah yes I hope you enjoyed today's
video I think we got a lot of things in
order for this hurricane if it's going
to hit tomorrow we're gonna figure out
what our game plan is like what we need
to do but today was a good like
checklist for a good I'd say 70 or 80
percent of the things that we need to
get I'm just gonna get to some sleep now
because we have to wake up at 7 a.m. to
go shovel sand so that's gonna be fun
don't forget to subscribe because you
know the next couple days we're gonna
explain what's going on and kind of give
you guys like an up-to-date like quicker
than the weather channel type of thing
or first person look at what's going on
I'll see you guys tomorrow
have a great night bye
