so look who's outside I didn't even see
her poor mama you were just laying on
the concrete I'll get you a bed cuz
you're spoiled
now you're not going out you're gonna go
roll and poop or something Hey okay
literally on camera
you're gonna start ripping your bandage
off for real Marley don't pretend like
you're not doing anything just look look
now I'm cute
no I though what are you doing oh you
smell it oh you're stretching oh you
girls are just being such hams today
good morning Internet this is what
happens when you have eight guys in one
hotel room for 24 hours right this is us
trying to be clean but just five Danny
is still missing if you see him please
call nine tiny room this is what happens
just doesn't work just cannot happen
that is a pretty cool little cubby I
shared with Hunter and Danny and then
where'd you go :
I had this nice little piece right here
right hangers the clothes hangers I
would look up there like it like a baby
looking at the little things in a long
night but now we're going to Wisconsin
six hours all right
in the car wait how many miles is this
375 equivalent to me driving to
Tallahassee all the time when Allie and
I started dating we good
think of games to play good pop I spy I
spy the gray one we could do the beat
game we did remember the beat game we
did in Europe you think of a song try to
get the beats that was a pretty good one
if you guys have any like car games tell
me in the comments and then that way if
next Drive we have another we can use
those so tell me in the comments how
those are pretty time to get the
necessities for the road Navarro's let's
see here
Paul's so cheese it Nick pillows feels
like we're on a bus tour doesn't it guys
wait what is we've got worms going with
this worms Oh
Travie wants worms all the worms so I
was trying to text Ali and I misspelled
obviously and it tried to auto correct
this mistake into that mistake weird
can you guys beat this tom nats of
charles driving that's a big old truck
daddy just passed and another car in
another kind oh my gosh look at all that
countryside it's another white car
bye-bye white car oh look a santa fe or
so and like that some houses and some
more trees a lake a truck oh my gosh
look at all those trees I don't know
what to say cuz this is kind of boring
but he drove for like ever yesterday so
this is open footage that he got in the
car so remember the other day actually
it was yesterday I was saying that May
3rd we have a new song called find you
they're coming out Travis just got a
little draft a mix and we're gonna play
a little bit a little snippet a little
sneak peak for you guys and that's it
okay
all means whenever you ready snippet
snippet 2016
that's going on the new record okay you
might have missed that exit okay yeah
here here's the Civic
that's our yet so you get three road
trips food nothing any gas nothing I got
a hole in my pants
truck stop number two Danny what are you
getting over there in a hot dog road
trip a gas station hot dog
get some chili cheese on it get another
check going how much was that one for
cemetery college cemetery college we
need a pop-up update Marley I didn't ask
you about the towel on my head I asked
you why you weren't in the video today
Marley we don't get a day off our job is
24/7 365 we don't get a day off I mean
it's fine if you wanted to rest today I
know that Zoey's been sick you've been
injured but it's really not fair because
people want to see you know we're not
gonna sell tickets to a private marley
show that's not gonna happen
she's the most difficult negotiator for
this choice where you gonna be a
football coach I tell you I am going to
be a coach people look every every time
he sees a whiteboard this is what he
does can be like doing a body shot off a
market so we're doing we're getting
ready for the photo shoot for the new
single we got these lovely ladies that
have come and tragedies kind of briefing
everybody right now
it's like a little evening I know we're
just talking we got this like this
little makeshift area we're going to
make look like a disheveled house party
I guess it looks pretty good looks like
a party happened right
it's like a house party I like how this
is just like in the middle
of whatever it is I think it might be
the Union right coal's be quick
oh thank you man thank you for reading
nice all right so we're all nice and
fancy now girls look lovely you guys
want to say your name's Jesse Jesse
swing Abby Brooke nerd Rock excellent
Koli you had a little too much already
yeah I know if I don't this is kind of
crazy we push this okay is this possible
to move this table closer to the
Ottomans just say no no I know but you
want the belly
what's that ginger ale get some ginger
ale in there yes near rocks taking the
photos hi
coal's be was helping with the video hey
now being some bro dogs over here but
honestly put him to sleep my magic hands
walked out and came back like that
so here's something pretty awesome I am
just getting ready to go to dinner and
Charles is facetiming me right now but I
am in a bra and when I answered the
FaceTime call it was a crowd of people I
cannot believe that just happened that
was really embarrassing I am freaking
out right now this is seriously the most
perfect setup ever I'm doing my makeup
get ready to go out to dinner with my
brother and some friends and I get to
watch a lion concert of my husband
kicking ass from my very own medicine
cabinet this is so great I'm so glad you
FaceTime me it's awesome they sound
really good actually even though it's an
iPhone they still kick up alright guys
well it's time to go to bed and I gotta
go fly home but before I do I just want
to let some people say goodnight so I'll
just let them say goodnight for me guys
Danny and I are now fighting for the
back seat yes okay without without a
duel okay this is kind of a modern duel
back seat is Pat you can lay down a
falsely because I'm the smarter monkey
and I figured out that you can put the
seat down monkey all right so paper
boxes are shoot shoot number three okay
okay paper Rock scissor shoot paper Rock
scissor shoot whoa
smarter monkey are you excited cuz daddy
comes home tomorrow
are you excited it's about time for me
to go to sleep Charles comes home
tomorrow or today actually if you guys
are watching this these couple of shows
were a great way for him to sort of get
back into things you know it's been hard
for him he really wanted to be out on
the road and doing stuff right away but
after the seizures that he had it took
him a little bit of time to kind of get
back to normal so I'm just really really
happy that he's back with the boys and
enjoying himself and traveling and
meeting you guys cuz that's the stuff
that really keeps him going and that's
what I really love so I'm just glad that
he's back doing that and
really happy again alright guys be sure
to subscribe if you haven't already and
as always we will see you tomorrow thank
you guys again for watching today's
video
whoa text message guys guys love you
it's the other car wait
yes
giddy with child tripping
it would be an early
