beyond good morning Internet I'm on the
way to the wonderful airport I have two
shows this weekend Ali's asleep driving
me right now if you don't know what that
is that means she's completely asleep
she's asleep right now known obviously
pocky now you're sleep talking and sleep
driving it's pretty great she has a
problem but she's able to function which
is nice time to put a base on base on
and brush your feet brush your feet put
base on yep that should be that should
be our about hour from now that you're
awake you gonna miss me yeah I'm gonna
miss you serenading me with incorrect
Justin Timberlake impromptu lyrics all
the time oh that was mirrors time to say
good morning to Ted
otherwise I always looks just like mini
panic attack every time I go ahead and
say hi to him oh it's cuz he's an a-hole
and he hides Hey Dude how's it going
what's up buddy
well second-home got hundo got Danny
trying to get the Des Moines ogre
household problems hashtag first world
problems can't believe I just said that
out loud but seriously I went to the
store to buy curtains and see the thing
about curtains is you gotta get them the
right length these curtains are ninety
two inches and the ones that I bought
are eighty four and that is not correct
I know isn't this just riveting this is
the kind of stuff that you're gonna have
to be doing when you become an adult and
get a house and turn boring like we did
but in all seriousness you should
measure everything the joys of traveling
the minivan is this the one that like
this is a transformer jam it in there
Scott look I'm at stake down no one
wants to see me this close uh-oh I think
Coco's excited someone want their
harness back on do you want to go
outside with your harness yeah maybe
no I just want to screw around with
Marley okay get this harness going whoa
okay I need two hands you pissing
grandpa what she romps in it you but
Katie unleash pot - my cocoa you are
spazzing out she's feeling much better
she is feeling better you feeling good
though
see kitchen is well-behaved enough to be
outside without a harness and without a
leash but cocoa is totally insane and
she's
not allowed out without either of those
things ah fancy green room got it
alright I guess we read downtown a lot
of people on Twitter we're telling me to
go to a place called zombie burger and I
think it's a great over there so I'm
gonna go check what they're known for
their salad their tofu and everything
I'm hoping it's themed but a lot of you
guys told me to do it so Danny looks
like he's an MIB so what do you got
there Danny wallet this is my checkbook
I misplaced my wallet if you guys were
curious checks still exist so I'm going
to check for a burger places except
check I don't that's what I was just
gonna any internet do you guys what was
the last time tell me the comments that
you've actually written a chip or you
saw your grandmother write a check
whichever one came first to show like
two forms of ID excuse me sir ah
are you scaling the wall okay so let's
give us some perspective this is how
tall I am compared to the wall and
that's Justin up on the wall we stood
about all the time we were kids at my
parents house okay what are you doing
that's not appropriate Justin and I
always used to pretend like we were
super-sleuth parkour artists and is that
what you call them parkour people what
do you call a parkour or so we used to
climb the the fence in our backyard
watch the sunset because it looks
awesome you can kind of see it over
there it's so pretty
the girls are both feeling so much
better and Marley's finally looking much
much better much more healed than she
was right mom are you doing okay two
dogs and two cats out in the backyard
hanging out stay at school kids hang out
with your fam in the backyard I'm just
being totally corny but really it is
super nice to you know be able to see my
family whenever I want to and because
Charles travels a lot so it's really
nice to be able to spend time with
really my friends and everybody that's
uh still hanging around in Florida so
one of the most like every flight thing
on my Twitter was to go to a place
called zombie burger don't know what it
is but I pretty much brought the agents
if you don't we look like a bunch of
like like like ones of our dogs okay huh
yep we're gonna go try zombie burger
there it is these are like the best
names for food ever make sure to write
that legibly so you can clearly don't
forget the end and then the line at the
end so nobody could put anything get it
because they're zombies would you get
going vegetarian chili you did the
vegetarian zombie yeah we got another
vegetarian yeah looks like brains what
is this
look at their mouth full of food yeah
mac and cheese on it
but the bun is deep fried macaroni and
cheese oh my god
why would you get Justin Bieber just a
zombie burger yeah I got a mini zombie
burger this look this is like the
award-winning right here so I got what's
called the Raygun throw even know what's
in here but it's absolutely freakin
delicious and messy
so I just noticed that Indiana bones toy
gory as the best booty to the future
which one is the best toy yeah is pretty
good
grandpa Bullock I think it is pretty
good right now calls me as being our
photographer right now try oh sorry
sup nerd Rock hey how's it going good
doing good tune that bass sir thank you
very much sir Drock she just wanted to
be inside
again never gonna be the same
I'm gonna plant the cold
I blame it on the cold right now we're
about mid cent right now and yeah it
said pills honestly it feels really
awesome to get back in the swing of
things I'm a little bit like trying to
get back into the groove because of the
whole like the lights are kind of
messing with me I feel like or salt
honestly it might be all in my head but
looky here this here that
see this is what really pumps me up
right here
just keeps getting me through it you
know what I mean hearing all this
incredible area well you see dimplex
ears are you'll be the Kings everyone in
joint family are you doing that coy what
happens behind the stage
all right well the guys went out to a
couple bars and stuff like that but I
need to catch up on some sleep because I
know if I don't you guys are gonna yell
at me and then I was gonna yell at me
and I'm gonna yell to myself neither
I can't overdo it today it was a great
day it was really fun really great to
get back into the back in the swing of
things like him saying so I will see you
guys tomorrow have a great night sticker
phrases chablis shoe I don't know guys
I'm tired honey I miss you I love you
very much and make sure Marley's not
ripping her bandages and make sure
Zoey's eating so all right bye guys
waiter
worse yet sexy
giddy with y'all trippin
with Griffin
don't forget so anymore
