so I think Zoey has a tummyache come on
eat your food no okay I'll leave you
alone
so when she does that that means her
stomach is hurting and she won't eat her
food she'll stare and guard it and she
won't eat it until until here's the
until Ali makes homemade oatmeal with
peanut butter in it she puts a little
bit of that in her food eats it right up
that's what you call a spoiled dog eat
your food you don't want to eat it why
are you even growling it's right here
for you
it's funny when Zoey's in that mode
Marly goes complete opposite side of the
house okay looking a lot better though
my not whining as much as she was up
don't can't lick it looks a lot better
dude on our way to go meet hundo because
we have a show this weekend I was
telling the other day unfortunately
yesterday I was saying Aly was gonna
come but today we figured out that says
Marley's still not feeling too good
she's gonna stay back and make sure
she's completely like healing but I
gotta go meet up a lot with hyundo and
get some guitars cuz we have to like
check in with and all that fun stuff
yeah getting in the swing of things this
is
this is me getting my swing okay you
know what that's me in the swing of
things that took that took way too long
that's the swing of things that's more
like a machete of things you know this
is like the dumbest meeting place in the
world for me since I can't have it right
now but like pure torture but yeah they
said I shouldn't have caffeine for a
little bit more I can do is look and
just go like this I was freaking out
because I gotta figure out a nincompoop
I am I couldn't figure out when I was
using my phone with Bluetooth
I like anytime I use my phone on
Bluetooth to connect to Silver Star and
shuffle my songs it would play like the
same 50 songs over and over again so
Charles takes one look at it she had it
on repeat how that would have faked it
but as soon as he turned it out it was
on repeat I don't know how affected you
know weirdo I'm big my shuffles back to
normal
you'd be in a cow try to ease your
stomach a little bit hope you feel
better though goofball if it's not one
it's the other there we go don't look
like you're angry at that she's like
looking like she's super angry that I
put peanut butter on her face oh look at
the little baby they're sleeping they're
so cute I love ferrets they're adorable
hey you look just like Zoey oh maybe the
hamster oh I scared him oh I'm sorry
okay I'll leave I'm scaring all the
animals are they're cute hi guys
everybody hates me though running away
oh wait they won't hate me there he goes
so I don't know what's happening right
now is Zoe but she will not eat anything
so I'm going to try to feed her like
that food that like tube of food that
she ate before like wet food in there
dry food and it helped them they liked
it but I don't know I feel so bad for
her while I'm here I might as well try
to get a harness for Koko because I feel
like that cat would totally go for walks
so I'm looking for a harness oh my god
camo well it looks like this one's gets
yep you get to go to the vet we got a
new food we got a brand new wet food I
see I shoved peanut butter and she
looked angry at me mother you want to
tag team you want to tag team
yes switching off
who does that i sad puppy while he's out
taking care of Zoe I figured since
tomorrow I have to leave for the shows I
might as well start packing because I
hate it and I don't want to do it later
okay
back where Marley was huh okay but she's
doing pretty well actually she's doing
better than she normally does which is
good but she keeps looking at the door
and making faces at it and turning her
head because she hears other people and
she all she wants to do is leave like I
go to get out of here
you got a pretty bandana I'm not your
sissy give Zoey her babson I would just
eat it look at her mom on okay back it
up
look away way they look they're twins
twins
yeah pretty pops and fells done in there
close your mouth and rubberneck yeah you
did it baby that was so easy
yeah let's see if it fits
crazy lady cat the cat walking she
doesn't mind it doesn't mind let me just
lay down at the face the purpose of a
harness if you carry her everywhere
afraid to walk around so I'm gonna
figure out you know even walking come on
dude let's go for a walk I'm just gonna
lay right here and do nothing really
sure to do it she's on a freakin safari
what is that
yep the safari ends there you get the
hang of it
by golly I've seen everything a cat on a
leash now I can just imagine you walking
her a banana Street extreme cat
exploration you know he's like reaching
under kitten prison she's like she was
escaped
yeah she escaped she got out of cat Jail
gimme
now you addicted yeah okay well just
fighting everything now dude she knows
she's like the leash means go outside
let's go outside you like little baby
Buddha you know you're sitting
Wow she got a love bug now she eats up a
bug don't eat the love bug but here we
go so Zoe still a little crumbly she
went to the vet she's fine she's being a
brat
but I figured this out watch it Marlee I
need your help if I give Marley a little
bit of her food here mama yeah give
Marley some of the food
Zoey starts to eat all those psychology
classes in college Panna I'm my dog Coco
you want to help now you have a cat and
another dog so I need your food Zoey
it's totally working thank you guys for
the help so you know those days we're
just like so many things are coming at
you at once and you just say overwhelmed
and stressed today was one of those days
I'm trying to tell like you know it's
like one of those things like a bad day
doesn't mean a bad life you only mean
like things could always be worse I just
was so stressful so I'm doing what I
always do when I get really stressed out
go on the golf cart there's no any more
like just kind of chill relax Ally's
running some errands just hanging out
it's always feeling a lot better that I
tricked her and made her eat up well I
was like oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god actually I want to ask you
guys what are some tips that you guys
have when you have just so many things
on your plate and you just so stressed
out like how do you alleviate the stress
one funny thing somebody told me on
Twitter was that if I'm having a bad day
just think about a t-rex trying to make
the bed and your day won't seem so bad
which is a very good vivid thing to
laugh about when you're not feeling good
so I'm just trying to not let stress get
to me and just kind of go with the flow
a little bit but it's hard you know what
it means
it's dress it's a weird thing it's it's
so like easy to like overcome but it's
also really hard to overcome you know
what I mean does that make any sense I
guess what I'm trying to say is a dress
yeah good ooh I like that philosophy go
play em use it it okay now that's gross
what's this in your face honey it's
right there it's get it fast it's right
here right there get it
Marley what's this figure out on your
face
well I get it what's this say dick get
it what okay you can't turn an Italian
ice into ice cream soup it's an ice
cream slushie you don't do this you've
ever done this and then you make it in a
nice little slushy eNOS
is it too insane legs up legs up like
alright guys I'll see you tomorrow if
you haven't seen the photo day video
montage click over there and check it
out it's on YouTube backups let's
Charles Trippy are down there if you're
not subscribed over there you should be
subscribed
that's me be talking really fast I don't
know I never I never ended the video
from in here so I thought I should so
alright I'll see you guys tomorrow have
to get on a plane play two shows
hopefully I'll see you guys at the shows
if not I will see you guys tomorrow in
the vlogs as always alright see you guys
tomorrow bye
yes
with child tripping
with Gianelli don't forget
