hey sexy pool girl okay never mind
yo hey how did you do that
stop it how'd you get your little leg
warmer off found another snake a wee
baby give it a snake any cool where'd
you find him underneath the rock though
a good I don't know I don't want it
oh is it trying to bite her
no no he's just he's scared look what's
in my hand man little M's Wow what are
you doing great in front of me dude you
don't even care so I didn't do it a
squirrel did it okay now I did it oh and
guess what before we get into the video
too much the hair montage video the
photo a day for the past year in a month
or so it's finally live there'll be a
link down there and at the end of the
video but what's this continue with
today first BAM
do you remember the laser challenge
homekit ah so many kind of keeping in
theme so far yesterday me and my sister
we get so many fights because she would
cheat if you guys don't know what this
is everyone's probably done laser
challenge in their life this was like
it's like in the 90s laser challenge was
huge like absolutely insane so Ali and I
are you gonna have a laser challenge
fight if you woulda guessed we between
the gun and the receiver Ali how many
batteries do you think all this takes
all right internet before we do this cuz
I have no idea how to even do it anymore
I want you in the comments tell me how
many batteries and what type of
batteries we're gonna play a guessing
game be like a 9 hole a 9 volt so for 9
volts maybe that's Ali's guess is for 9
volt I'm gonna go you change no you
don't get to play anymore you've already
guessed like 14 times who this 1996
you know it's funny these screws are
completely stripped ah ooh if you guess
three corroded doublea's you are correct
sir and I'm doing the totally most fun
task of all time
you're supposed to technically do this
like hmm two months ago maybe like when
it's when these trees start flowering
when orange trees start to flower you're
not supposed to leave any of the old
fruit on them because it can sort of
take away from it producing new fruit
found this nifty little thing in my
garage and I never knew what it was and
then Jesse came over one day and she was
like oh my god how did you get that
orange picker and I was like is that the
photos what I'm doing and Joey's helping
checking all the oranges to make sure
they're bad you know somebody has to do
it and every once in a while that
somebody has to be me I mean I already
cut through half of the branch but what
you're least finishing it I want to go
yeah exactly
this is now the only way to keep marley
from ripping off her bandages just gonna
step up are you good okay we'll do it
now no see Rick really come on doubt
you're gonna be able to bring that back
go for it oh my gosh man string okay
wait wait no I'm not sure we should have
cut that whole thing yeah this is a big
brand for you thinking and you doubted
me when I was screaming like a girl
that's what I stepped on get it down I
don't know what to do with that get get
it wait what are you what are you why
are you doing are you how did you do
that you want those yeah you don't know
these are yeah get it buddy hop this is
the new camera the the speakers are
right here front so we're still trying
to get used to it so if there's like
wind and stuff like that just just you
know we have a learning curve because we
used to be the camera the audio was on
the top so we're still trying to get
used to that
yep and the zoom is helpful when you
look
four bad doggies getting the scope okay
love all about wait daddy's run out of
bullets how do you run out of lasers
recharge it's like a plasma pistol so
this would appear to be a totally
ordinary rock right I looked down and it
looked like the rocks were moving huh
this is a bug oh my god bring them in
the shade look how awesome he is what is
that I don't know but he's freaking
awesome I really don't know but it's the
coolest thing ever
that is so weird Internet do you guys
know what he is
huh come on what's up cool dog she just
sits there
blazing play laser tag so bad but
they're so corroded so I mean look at
all this battery acid that I've been
like trying to get off all right see if
it works
ah Coco is having her first experience
with love bugs look right here Coco
she's getting super distracted by
everything else but every time she sees
a love bug she swats at it on the hunt
God look up at me uh hey I don't think
that you should be handling a soldering
iron business that's what I did yell
good job I decide I wanted to solder
some store in the middle let me see your
face turn here turn this back keep porn
put the song more solder we had the
laser tag working so see we alley and I
against each other now all right reset
but you don't you need are you sad yeah
listen wait I need my coal spyglass in
line all right
in the comments below who do you thinks
gonna win me or Ally team Charles that's
a tree team Charles
ah Oh so we had URI said because I ran
into that hide behind us winner
Luthor cheat it I did not cheat it oh
yeah you're running like this so I
couldn't hear you're running sideways
and laser tag if to shoot people in the
front at the back you know what sucks is
that beeping noise
new game
justin has to hunt both Ali and I we got
a flag I'm pretty scared
I forgot I have to look behind me to be
coming from the other way I guess you
got always stop and smell the flowers
hmm I should have smelled tactic role I
suck at this
tactic room second dose
check it out
the corn snake that we saw a little
while ago he's so cool when did we find
this guy before
I saw Matt sigh when I was doing yard
work one day so cool and sweet and
awesome
why don't you marry it seems like a very
bad idea
but you never go for the back of a snake
you always go for the head and finally
the photo add a video montage is now
finally live you can click right there
it'll take you right there or it links
down there in the description or you
just go to my youtube channel which is
youtube.com slash Charles Trippy you
guys didn't know a year ago I had
surgery I had brain surgery to remove a
benign tumor out of my noggin and I had
the stupid haircut shaved my head and I
was like you know what what am I going
to do I'll take a photo every single day
documenting the entire traveling all
over the world meeting all you guys so
go check it out it's a really fun video
because you can see all the places I've
been in the background you can see some
of your favorite youtubers a bunch of
fun stuff so go to some of you guys are
actually in it hope you guys like it go
over there and actually let me know if I
should continue it for the next couple
years if you guys like it I'll keep
doing it but yeah click right there
and go see how many fun little things
you can spot in all the photos alright
bye guys
see what you did
it's coming over me wait it's
let's kill
hey where's ez at sexy
with y'all trippin
a weird
would be an ally don't forget
