little baby mushrooms going what just
scared you so we just sniff that plant
here the poop out of her yah man once a
mushroom man mellow much
this is Zoey's hitch face we gotta take
Marley to the vet right now it's gonna
be actually a new vet because our other
vet our normal vet can't take her I
guess they're super busy or something
but that means you don't have to go
that's that good news you don't have to
go you can hang out with Dennis we'll go
down there and let you hang out with him
that sounds cool and then we go get your
chin checked cuz it still looks pretty
bad and your little foot hopefully she
didn't break her foot everyone fingers
crossed so while I dropped Zoey off I
turned around and this little dude
decided to figure out how to rip her
little bandages off can't do that dude
she looks very pleased with herself
today is what you call a very stressful
day Ali has a doctor's appointment her
yearly checkups Marley we just got work
like a doctor her vajayjay doctor anyway
so I can't drive still obviously no
don't do it
I still can't drive so my dad's gonna
drive over and pick me up and pick
Marley up and then Ali and I can't drive
the golf cart that far I wish I could
this doesn't go like 30 miles you upset
Zoey's not with you where'd Zoey go
alright you ready
so the guys do this gotta fix everything
yeah you're being really good dude
well the good news is you don't have a
broken leg dude look what they gave her
that's pretty cool no no Wow
Marley knows how to make friends it's
free bandanas
so my dad just saved us and picked us up
Marley's hanging out in the front seat
right now with her awesome babe the lady
was so awesome she just came and gave
her a bandana because she was listening
you saw like when I was paying she was
just sitting there just chillin by
herself
I'm pretty impressed unfortunately she
does that shouldn't do that when she
sees a squirrel and we wouldn't be in
this situation what we Marley the
dreaded annual exam look they try to
trick you by putting something pretty on
the ceiling I guess that's the one
you're lying on the table you're
distracted from someone putting their
face down by your private parts you feel
the ladies rough this time of the year
go against but you got to do it to be
healthy I guess right look at that
you happy Oh knocking things over
tackler tackler no stop doing that
oh my god she was such a pain in the ass
such a pain in the ass I command you to
stop we got you got a route in your head
gotta fight I say fight Spanish dad wait
now they got those dado pelea hell
actually I don't even know if that's how
you would say that but I know that word
for fighters but I got those balloons go
go go buy them
you're not rethinking that is the word
phileo I don't know I'm really bad at
Spanish I know
Pelayo hey Leo take a time all right
there we go so we're all going out
there's the Marley hair officially on
the new camera yeah apparently it's five
dollar burger night which I didn't think
was a big deal but apparently burgers
are like more than five dollars really
five bucks anyway
nice smile distracted by the new camera
what are you fight off I guess it's good
to be we're cheersing tomorrow Lee she's
such a little Butthead and her health
and her ability to get out of bandages
that's right so having an age-old family
argument because cuz Charles and Chaz
both do the same thing Melissa we cut
our meals up cut whatever eating it we
saved the best for last
or you forget about it it need to goes
to the trash spit alone I know what
you're doing well CJ it's greater so
deep thoughts nothing I just told the
internet the truth chequered Twitter
don't reach dad she's reaching mom she's
reaching over the table delicious
confusing everyone okay what oh look at
my baby and her dad Miley's like get off
my bum hey you little bitch that's my
water drink all my water break all my
water so Ali is still finishing up a
little painting project looking good I
like it what happens if I scare you
what do you think Internet thumbs up or
thumbs down I hate it tear it out in a
couple days on this Wednesday on the
Charles Trippy channel is the daily the
daily photo video and I was going to
take another photo with you guys
I'll put Ali in the background since we
did one last time you guys like that
okay give it a smile one two yeah so
remember if you're not subscribe to
youtube it contest Charles Trippy you
know the our main channel the skit
channel where we do a bunch of videos
click down their link in description
that will be on this Wednesday I've been
doing that for about a year and I kept
forgetting but I'm not gonna forget it
anymore
distract her face it's just like so
engulfed in this this pre-painted oh and
when I got home my sister or parallel
know what I was doing all those CTFxC
throwbacks which by the way I'll start
doing those again where I was converting
all my parents like VHS home movies and
stuff well let's just sent me this clip
of because my sister and I have a
relationship where we we like to fight
he's like fighting it's a fun thing
relationship anyway so when I was little
she was like three I was like four and
she just sent me this and I thought I'd
throw it in there it's a little
throwback hey Charlie you were a big ol
jerk
now I finally see what you were talking
about you ready for this here you go
watch this we appreciate big jerk did
you have that kind of relationship like
if you were the older brother you can't
have teased the younger sister a lot of
the times I always hear that the younger
the older sisters are a little bit
meaner to the younger brothers is that
true who's meaner who's meaner to the
older brother or the older sister the
older brother does he tell me in the
comments I think the older sister
the emotionally damaged sounds like
you're farting and then you got to do
like the wet one oh yeah did you pooped
yourself I think it's part of why so II
really hate that things that she's like
oh they're just farting on us
yes
giddy with trippy
with Dirty Harry don't forget to
