bring in the patient bring in the
patient mom I had poor little munchkin
good morning guys all right out go check
it out oh it looks better though looks
better progress so if you guys have
absolutely no idea what's going on and
why Marley's all bandaged up and all
bruised
I just watched yesterday's video I
didn't film what happened but I animated
it for you so you can go check that out
basically short story tomorrow they
found a squirrel she really really
wanted it so yeah I just go watch
yesterday's video Zoe how you doing down
there yesterday I also discovered that
my other camera is this actually is the
old camera right now and I kind of like
it so I'm actually going through and
comparing all the new cameras and the
old cameras and trying to figure out
which one I want to get this seems like
Canon has not really made any updates
it's either do I want Wi-Fi capabilities
on the camera which seems stupid to me
that's pretty much the only thing
they've added they actually removed True
HD we want true HD at the CTFxC rhymed
for the first time a while a blizzard
fight fight fight fight so while ally
and I are painting Marley he's just kind
of chilling right now good news is she's
not trying to fight it she's actually
just trying to relax this is pretty
adorable I went out to go throw some
trash out and some recycling and then
Marlene Zoe ran like they want to go
back on the golf cart I was not the job
editor squirrels
so we keep her locked in this dog has
now learned her lesson you will not go
after that thing we're leaving
I can't believe that you would even
consider it Marley you would even
consider jumping out I guess that's what
you call pure dedication right or
stupidity
we in the trippy house I'd love to
safety dance everyone look at my pants
look at your hands
I changed it to pants all right time to
do my research and get a new camera so
that way you guys have a clearer vision
I mean this is not the right you guys
want to microwave see you guys this is
what happens when you spend all day
painting I am I'm supposed to be going
into Best Buy and helping Charles get
another camera since his has been
discontinued and broke but instead I'm
having to apply some concealer because I
haven't put on today
crazy so I wanted to at least conceal my
under eye luggage before entering a
public area and now Charles has to wait
for me but hear anyone inside wait
that's what we do I didn't do it I'm
here for five minutes and I go to the
wrong aisle and then I set the alarm off
Thank You internet for telling me which
one to get i went with a 330 HS yeah yes
I got the warranty this is this what is
this thing computer does even have a
disk what is this just do eat this what
is what are these things for a folks
fancy got a Wi-Fi on there so I'm gonna
switch this guy's I'm gonna retire this
this temporary one so this is my
temporary one as you can see I sat on it
numerous times how's this look what it
looks like
Oh Alex focusing don't go don't go don't
kill woo you look pretty
how many lilac yeah I look pretty guys
actually it does look pretty clear how's
it sound it sound pretty good they've
actually moved the audio to the front
they used to be at the top and it would
always wind gushing and always it was it
was always I always wind all the time so
what camera number is this one I get
doesn't count because the other one no I
did break the yeah but nevermind it does
count you didn't break it you freakin
what camera number is this it's number
one right how's your little feet you
okay Marley's doing this new thing where
I think she's figured it out that if she
just stays somewhere and just looks
pathetic somebody will come and pick her
up looks pathetic
come here I can't come on you can do it
yay then you just sit but you look like
you look like team fortress
please let me come outside
look I'm posing I promise I won't chase
a squirrel the princess doesn't want to
walk he doesn't want to walk okay she
felt a pee in her shoe or something oh
boy
as you Ram your butt with a screen door
what that poor selfie first selfies it's
like a telescoping like welding right
my dad uses duct work and stuff what I
just said was completely wrong because
you don't weld ducts of air-conditioning
things what is it for dad when you weld
the refrigerant lines you can look
behind me because I said it was for dr.
work which is not true zero we're given
having a little bit of trouble there mom
what's uh what's gone here you see this
right here what am I looking at I'll
crush together the crimped little yes
what I see is that you unrolled 14,000
feet of aluminum foil without it being
the whole piece yeah okay
can you show me the front of that laptop
and show me what it has this is the dell
inspiron so what it's sporting if you
guys know what that i cannot listen this
is for all of you
what is that drive right there do you
know what that is oh I just gave it away
partially but it's pretty funny because
it's one of the most obsolete things
I've seen on a piece of technology well
no I weigh in probably be more oh yeah a
little freaking button mouse thing
touchpad - oh yeah that's like weird
that why is that are you looking at the
specs what's that don't fall for it
don't fall for it there's always such a
mass to try and paint stuff but I'm
slowly I have to do some sanity hey try
babe one decent affair me no yeah come
on do it could be 11:30 and I let's do
insanity sir is there that late you're
gonna do that now yeah I have to I can't
miss a day you're insane no dog don't
even worry bored oh oh wait what's she
doing she's just rubbing her face on the
car tomorrow we have to take her to the
back yeah
we have a broken right foot swollen she
won't put any weight on it she's acting
like she really is kind of hurt whenever
anybody touches it so you know whatever
having a craving for freaking ice cream
I ever since the milkshake day that we
had a couple days ago I've been craving
it like almost every single day and
what's really funny I went through years
of like never ever eating ice cream and
then all of a sudden now it's just
cravings I must be pregnant I think I'm
pregnant oh you know this is so funny
because like my sister used to make fun
of me all the time when I was little do
you guys do this too like we get the ice
cream you let it sit out for a little
bit then you mush it together kind of
like a milk he's just haunting me and
then that way it's like annex officer of
ice cream I think it was like when I was
little like my parents like I always
wanted like McDonald's ice cream for
some reason I don't know why and I think
this was my like way of getting it
making it at home inside the mind of a
kid Charles doesn't make any sense I
know I can't be alone though you guys
did it too right made your own little
hole weights officer of ice cream so I
don't know if you guys can hear the rain
so I got my Thunder buddy you ready my
Thunder buddy - you ready - all right
you ready it's gonna be nice and let you
laugh at me now Internet but the thing
is Marley will not go out there if she's
not wearing her jacket it's raining okay
now that everyone's soaking wet now
oh shoot
- freeze I want you guys to tell me your
favorite your favorite number your
all-time favorite number - the number
three all right
see what you did
wait
yes
giddy with y'all trippin
we're City
Harry
