what on earth is that that is that a
skunk that a wombat has it I will eat
whatever that is just let me Adam daddy
there's another one light color what are
the things those are the squirrels what
do any of you guys in internet land know
what that was I would guess a golf
course I don't know tell me tell me what
tell me the comments I've never seen
creature like that before ever getting
the world's most exciting thing ever
gutter sealer it seriously really boring
but I love Home Depot I love coming in
here pretending like I can make my house
a mansion so many possibilities in Home
Depot and I'm not ever gonna do one of
them oh it's not it when I left so
there's a feature when you check out at
Home Depot that allows you to email
yourself or you see it if you want to so
I click that option because I was like
that's cool they're trying to save
receipt paper
no it's still printed a paper receipt
but it also emailed one to me so I don't
understand the point of that but I guess
it's kind of a good effort I don't know
electronic records so just as I was
turning into the house Marley's all a
squirrel a giant squirrel you want to
show him what you did to your leg you
want to show him she just gash the crap
out of her leg and heard you okay okay -
your leg didn't you give extra spots now
and I have to clean them she yeah she's
stumbled Marley took a tumble
scare the crap out of me okay you want
to clean it up
how's your face cuz Marley can we mama
let me check your face out is your face
okay did you you you bust up your pretty
little face up yes you did Omar Omar
okay kind of clean your chin boy a
little bleeding I see where it's
bleeding
clear look up is that all baby you got
your chin up
mom are you silly goose
okay you stay there no no I'm gonna come
to you goofball okay sit down
is this the squirrel that you're gonna
be hunting for the rest of your life huh
this is the squirrel that did this to me
I will eat him forever and I was
cleaning up right or left hand why is it
so complicated I don't know I have
purple top
deal is but sometimes my wrist bothers
me and so I wear something to support it
when I sleep how does this go on your
hands put your thumb in the hole there
you go
that's actually pretty nice before we
turn the camera on I went through every
one of them and I laughed really hard at
this one this is like the one that
Melissa McCarthy wears and bridesmaid
she wears this like weird compression
gloves but she seems a little gauze pads
her cuts girl and I see it oh baby -
it's so good
ahh you silly girl
picking me up no at least she's fine
is your chin better you gonna ever chase
a squirrel off a golf cart
really you turn around like squirrel
what I would like to get a squirrel
please one-track mind dude you got your
foot can you move
can you move on that thing no what's up
with you huh come here buddy
come on you doing good there we go there
we go let's go lay down okay Allie's
back so we have to clean it again hey
come on man
you never showed the stylish cast we
show your little cast that looks pretty
cool gaining number two I can't believe
she's gassed yourself as much as she did
you're protecting her Zoe yeah Bart told
her not to jump off the squirrels stay
there I don't know why I give you a lisp
why do I make you sound like Zoe you
ever noticed that for some reason but
Marlee I always give her like a
high-pitched like like high-pitched like
neurotic voice and the Zoe's always very
slow your type thing you know what she
looks like she looks like an 80 is like
from the eighties of a maniac that's
what they are leg warmers all right all
right come on well we are going to
another emergency room don't know I'm
sorry that's not the way dramatic for
the camera you know a lot of people were
saying that this cameras been going in
and out of focus a lot so I'm going to
try to convince
I have a warranty basically to fix it so
I'm going to show my warranty and then
ask them to fix it or replace it so that
way because the back I don't know if you
guys can see we can't obviously see the
back put the backs all cracked up I
dropped it
actually I should take it back I threw
it to the ground I was getting
frustrated and so it's peeling apart and
this time it's time I got to get this
thing replaced I just got the word the
first off lady she was like wait didn't
you just do this but she actually gave
me praise because it's been a long and
this is the longest I've ever had anyway
I just I digress
this camera that I've done using the 110
HS is discontinued so that means there's
new ones so I means there's a new one
this is a new one the 130 ah
okay everyone okay we're just jumping up
and putting more than anymore it's so
confusing I don't there's a record or
the internet like it do you like it oh
it's Wi-Fi compatible
it's got whiffy
does it shoot video does it have
anything
okay you know what it is it's probably
it's like that's like the new thing like
it's exactly others video right there
good question well I guess turns on and
love
we're special guys we're special
what does not shoot in Full HD not full
huge wait what but what about an actual
camcorder al would you do this every day
just don't put your hand in there put
your hand in there don't do it no do it
try it try it do it yeah well I promise
I won't do that well looks like I'm if
you guys have any ideas of new cameras
let me know in the comments because I
don't know what to do now I have to use
alleys or like an old one oh yeah good
nice retractor can I Drive tractors you
think I'm allowed to drive a tractor
I'm used to try the boat there's no
brake system on here we gotta get out of
here guys the opposite of what's
supposed to be happening whatever I'm
working out I'm usually excited to eat
better foods but now every single time
they go to the grocery store all I go to
his ice cream I own the best I don't
know you got all you got like Eggos and
an ice pan it's like the greatest smile
best part is the light the lights they
light up watch
well since Marley is deciding to get a
taste to her bandages she keeps trying
to eat everything right now we have to
go get more bandages to get actually I'm
sorry more leg warmers they should stay
stocking up all right I gotta make your
head you feel better now your head to
feel a little bit better she's red white
and blue well you are so big tree otic
you're like an American flag dude and
broken puppy Marley the broken puppy
Burpee you know Saturday you don't
really need a day to have a burrito just
say burrito then a day that was not
nearly as sketchy as hoping well it's
like if I didn't have these bandages on
I would totally kick your butt
guess what drag my brother and during
the sanity today the excited
not really yesterday I actually used
yesterday as my skip dick Sunday's
supposed to be the off day but I used
yesterday because I was at the ballet
and I was doing a bunch of stuff
yesterday so yesterday was my off day so
today we're doing one of the hardest
days of the week and suggestions first
time in a while doing it so nice shirt
we did
Marley's little bandages now she's uh
like a like a Power Ranger Marley stop
doing that so there's a boat yes bebo
all right all right that should be the
secret phrase the secret phrase is just
Marley Marley Marley I didn't do it this
time
all right well that's the secret phrase
I will see you guys tomorrow
have a great night if you get your
brand-new don't forget to click
Subscribe at the end of the video and I
will see you guys tomorrow as always
good night good night over what's your
fault
waiter
were stately at sexy
with trippy
Cinthia
with Athena
don't forget anymore
