where's the colors holler if you need
some colors Karla hollows are there
there oh there's that using gaming here
good morning CT got sexy good hello it's
Friday and I am very very excited I
think I tweeted about it but we are
going why do I talk like that I talk so
fast and ridiculously whatever it's just
a bad habit I think I've talked too fast
ever since I was a kid but we are going
to the ballet tonight a lot Charles
tonight but my mom and I are going to
the ballet
Charles is spared from the experience
you don't have to go to the ballet babe
that's the present that I got you but
you don't have to go you happy I
performed a couple of the solos in it
but I've never actually seen it
performed by a professional company I
really have a hard time pronouncing it
cuz it's in French but I think it's FEMA
the female cow D or something like that
I don't know it's a really really cute
ballet though and I cannot wait to see
it I haven't been to an actual ballet
performance in years please dude Jesus
stick the tasty
all right that's weird you get stuck
Marley oh my every single time I go to
film Zooey Marley walks in frame okay
you want to see something ridiculous let
me show you all of the pumpkins like so
see you here four five six twelve
thirteen nineteen Twenty twenty one
twenty seven they're like at least
thirty pumpkins growing in my dad right
now and then we have my dad's three
prides and joys but wait for that's
crazy we're gonna have our own squash
and pumpkins I guess this year what day
was it the day we planted these or
smashed them I should say does anyone
know tell me in the comments cuz I have
absolutely no idea I want to go watch
him again wait I find another one you're
out of control dog apparently Coco is
now a big fan of Zooey Marley's dog
treats
hey go Coco that's for you that one's
for you this is for you
alright you don't want it you eating
that dog cookie you weirdo Ali got a
craving for some Slurpees
39 degrees sounds of issues
there's the age-old debate Slurpees
slushies or spicy
guys these are pretty good I think Isis
are the best
to sugary I like you're complaining
about sugar I used to ride bikes to
7-elevens with my dad and get these
really really what do you like that I
see Slurpees it slushy what
you leave Julie know what about a slush
puppy those are like be out those are
just like the curveball those are just
too sour here's the sad moment I
remember as a kid you can get excited
because you scrounged up enough like
like coins and change you get a slushy
by yourself and you go and then the
lights out yeah so then your entire day
may your childhood is ruined for at
least a week or day that's a bad light
they're waiting yeah this is always
first time ever getting a Slurpee you
didn't see the giant light we had
interesting childhood
and you always put the lid on first you
can get the most
oh yeah Ali and Lauren are going to the
ballet I mean you don't need to go to
the ballet I have a perfectly good
ballet here I'll show you you don't need
to go to LA you're welcome internet free
ballet hey joy she's like I ate a
squirrel and I destroyed his face
here you go Internet I don't know if
they want to have eaten squirrel I think
that's him he's hiding behind the
blurriness wants a girlfriend you want
squirrel friend
go get squirrel friend and up the tree
you guys are never gonna get to play
with them if you keep chasing them a new
game I play weekly it's called pop Zoe
with palmate acorns say what well I
think something just hit me I should
probably investigate it totally not
doing anything so go that looks
delicious I thank you for giving me that
I might want to eat it so if you give
throw this stuff at me I'm gonna eat it
getting all ready is just now that was
silly they do it I can probably do
better you gonna do a tutorial which
works great clearly as you can see from
this side of my hair but over here a
little bit underside bother you want to
curl your hair why don't you watch your
eyes here it's on fire no it's the oil
it's not quick internet name that movie
you'll be instantly cool if you know
what that's wrong you know you don't
want her to leave every single time that
dog does not want me to leave she comes
out in the garage and sits on the golf
cart like oh we're coming down here for
this right you're not allowed to go we
just sent out of the table and all of a
sudden a gigantic drop of water fell on
my head
I just felt another one okay I was like
mom you have to move the table back can
you see like all right up there all the
condensation on the air is about to fall
on my head okay I didn't forget this
time here's my awesome rule would you
like to go on a golf cart ride you you
bummed right now yeah I want to go to
the ballet come on golf cart ride okay
just don't throw up
well he gets so happy she throws up so
how do you guys keep asking me on
Twitter I am NOT ignoring you but with
the hair montage the the photo add a
video that I've been making for the past
I guess a little over a year since I
shaved my head from surgery I wanted to
let you guys know that will be uploaded
on Wednesday the 24th this coming
Wednesday on youtube.com slash Charles
Trippy I was basically he's got a little
cake crazy and I kind of don't where I
didn't stop taking photos in fact
actually I'll take one now I'm gonna
take one now so when you guys see the
montage video you'll be in it ready
there you guys are in the montage video
ever since I shaved my head all the way
back twin Charles was bald so make sure
you're subscribed oh you can click right
here and I'll take you there or links
down in the description and then that
will be finally uploaded I apologized
they said things just got a little crazy
but I have been doing it so a lot of
cool little montage videos coming up and
then when that video goes live I want
you guys to tell me if I should keep
doing it for like more years or just end
it right there so you're just hanging
out there Zoe you let yourself hang
loose right there
kind of relax with the bitches well
those years overseas are you excited I
haven't been back to this theater since
I was in life volunteers we go it's so
fun new back there's no fish for two
I just got back from the ballet awesome
would you guys get really dizzy I feel
like I kind of got really dizzy it has
been forever since I've seen a ballet
with a live orchestra and it was
beautiful it was so incredible I like I
love dance so much and it made me sad
again though because it made me really
really miss performing if you guys have
never seen a ballet before and you're
interested in dance you should
definitely go watch one because it's
amazing to see it on stage with a live
orchestra I'm gonna make Charles another
milkshake because we still have a bunch
of stuff left over and I think they
don't have jelly so I can't do the
peanut butter and jelly one but I can do
peanut butter and Nutella and I'm pretty
sure it will taste just like Reese's
puffs cereal the destruction and the
final product is about to be made I'm
Way too excited about this one hot
flakes seriously I know I'm gonna truth
oh yeah
Reese's puffs cereal for real guys
alright everybody good night thank you
so much for watching today's video
oh I just wanted to give you guys a
secret phrase for today hurray for the
ballet because it was so much fun for me
to go with my mom and and I wanted to
say actually thank you to mom if you're
watching this video for getting me one
of the best Christmas present ever
bye guys love you
worse yet sexy
with y'all trippin
with Josephine early
