so this is my new ringtone anyone in the
comments know this is know who house a
close one
well god I misplaced I don't read to say
loss but I I've pretty much lost my
other camera so I'm using this old one
which is the 300 what it's on your but
that's not where it no we're gonna go we
can't reach it
help me out man good tickle a ticklish
there
well looks like going back to only being
able to drive the golf cart again that's
okay it's still fun either stupid up
this time I think it's go super fast but
then if I make it go too fast is it just
might as well just drive the car this is
definitely the one of the things that
really pisses me off is not being able
to drive anywhere and then have to like
kind of either walk which is good for
you I guess you know having to walk or
something like that but I guess they
could drive the golf cut but I can't go
everywhere I can pretty much go
Starbucks which I don't even think I'm
supposed to be drinking coffee which
sucks even more can I drink coffee
that out that seems like an important
thing it's like I think breathing just
keep it all by the way just keep
breathing it number 92 on the Billboard
Top 100 guys 92 without any help just
you guys we're good we have done this a
while but we're gonna do it ready get
rid of high five just don't break your
computer so you can one two three you
deserve it
where do you butt cracks want to go hmm
ping did I apologize you're not a bike
rack hang on Zooey Marley Marley no
hands so I'm reading all the comments on
the video yesterday and you guys I
didn't give you the ending the Bioshock
I was kidding I was really basically
making fun of sixth sense and just
trying to tease Ally
don't worry I did not give away the
ending the Bioshock it would not do that
to you guys a lot of people like try why
would you do that really come on I would
do that alright just want to let you
know that school friend girlfriend out
there okay we got to be careful okay Zoe
he'll hear you okay it was I there's we
there is there he ran away and there
were swept Birds
I mean bird friend not what so I was
debating whether or not I should tell
you guys this but you know what
screw it I'm just gonna tell you right
now it's what April 18th April 19th
whatever the day is right now look over
there so make
I don't know what that is they're
watching the video I always forget
anyway it doesn't matter you know the
confusion of the daily vlogger so may
1st will be our year 5 so be what
completely for 4 years
for 4 years we'll be starting here 5 and
I just talked to Lauren the girl who has
done in the last two years plus the
Warped Tour montage she's already
starting on the montage video for this
year she's not done till she drinks like
five gallons of water ok he almost done
so obviously that'll be made first so I
just wanted to give you guys a little a
little heads up look kind of hype it up
a little bit a brand new year for CTFxC
so yeah that's pretty cool
you're paintin sand and that's always
been weird to me like you just take
sandpaper and you just grind things it
was always a weird concept like I never
understood it when I was little and I'd
watch my dad I never grasped it just
doesn't make sense it's already did the
whole outside I found that one oh you
missed a spot
oh you missed a spot you are not gonna
know you missed a spot
Charles is not the heart you you missed
it can I do that can I do it okay try it
can't you a little bit you don't you
don't let me do it I'm gonna do it with
you no looking
can I do it sweet
go ahead Idol what do you want lesson
let kids see I can do this hello on your
face Zoe
so can I paint your face gonna paint
your face doe doe doe doe doe even
strokes
eating strokes feeling that that looks
so much better get strokes master so we
just had a random idea oh this is
terrible you're gonna ruin my workout
eating it was googling milkshakes oh you
totally did a lie a s'mores milkshake
peanut butter and jelly milkshake I
don't know why I never thought of that
sounds great dry berry basal milkshake
that's weird cupcake milkshake
peppermint coffee milkshake chai latte
milkshake Nutella milkshake up Nutella
milkshake let's go to it I already got
one so going into the belly of the beast
because Mom okay alright alright we're
gonna go get milkshakes I haven't added
milkshake honestly I usually eat pretty
healthy and I don't honestly remember
the last time I had a milkshake um as
always eating chips oh don't mind if I
do could we get two or like three of
them please in my belly getting a cookie
now I'm swimming
Oh cupcake you should get the giant
cookie one or the giant cake you should
give the cake cookie and cupcake
why don't you you'd be a terrible person
not to and she doesn't do it internet
judge her just judge her Walmart you
know is interesting and you always have
at least three people walking in without
a shirt it's a game I promise
just just sit outside of Walmart one
time and just count how many people are
putting on shirts as they're walking and
walking into the actual store it's a
it's a fun game it's a fun game how's it
going mr. Slug you got some slim for me
oh look at that look at that does it
make you jealous to the ants going so
much faster huh go faster
here's a little short story the first
time I ever had Nutella was on my first
tour was suspense thriller it was the
other band is like girlfriend or
something like that
well mm-hmm all right those are you
ready for milkshakes Zoey do I make do I
bring all the Zoey's to the yard
Oh fine jeez need a third a cup a third
a cup can you put a third a cup in my
mouth please that's all delicious thank
you the ice cream one Sam ice cream is
it good by the way to ice cream no well
there's one ice cream should be worried
so ice cream for you okay don't have
diarrhea I know you will chop it up
break it up you should just have like a
milkshake option you know they got a
microwave they have like a popcorn
option instantly mmm that's a milkshake
night I don't even know how to justify
what I'm about to do it should be
illegal do you justify it by working out
for an hour that's you I'm encountering
everything you just did it work out but
I'm gonna be so sick we need a cupcake
just throw up another five gallons of
water liquor
this should be illegal for real it might
be after you done ill topper there yeah
that's gonna fall in huh oh damn that's
a cupcake okay so I don't know if you
can hear thunder or lightning but
started thundering really loud and Zoey
sort of freaking out and just like
jumped in my lap you're right Zoey will
protect you it's pretty adorable dude
scary and I got your back and Marley's
over there just hiding underneath
everything you're no good dad look at
that tail going a million miles an hour
oh the bear thing oh no I mean just
kidding I get up now
I wasn't snuggling I promise
we await the
merci psst
with y'all trippin
would be an ally don't forget
