good morning guys
I'm pretty sure you know where we're at
I lost my wife I lost her actually what
is cold
her home almost you were actually
supposed to just take off like not even
30 minutes brat supposed to take off for
30 more minutes but we ran all over the
other terminal and managed to get on
another flight however our bet is still
on that plane I just slept an entire day
and a half right now so I'm really
really really messed up as far as my
sleep schedule sweater already now feels
like a really bad idea you have like
three jackets that literally a jean
jacket a leather jacket and flannel
because the suitcase was like 67
all-in-all playlist was really really
fun
so happy to get to meet a bunch of you
guys lost my voice as per than usual
it's nice to be home however we just
looked at the weather and we just found
out a hurricane Irma is on its way
hopefully not towards us but so now it
looks like it's coming towards southern
Florida the Gulf so we're hoping it kind
of swings back a little bit more east
that's the last thing we need to have
all right ready for my traditional or
gonna come home I'm trying to sleep it
out yeah with the pups it's way too
quiet in this house when the dogs at
home don't like it we have finally made
it home and it is Labor Day it's like
2:00 in the afternoon
Charles and I definitely had to go back
home and sleep just a little bit he
barely slept at all so he's still there
but I am now at my sister's and you're
gonna celebrate Labor Day and I think
they're outside are you in here you
outside
Galen just threw his horn into the water
and I about freaked out and Tom grabbed
the town flung it and then it's foam
pool in the pool and I know
targets Algiers water-driven I'm like no
I do not have the same photo 80 meters
waiting on Charles like I said he's
still sleeping
Internet I know you've missed him pick
up your child they love you and Kelly
together a lot county Adam in my lap my
sister my brother-in-law I ruined
Kate and Tom Scott is a housecat but
Mako loves come outside
no no it's right there Kate but it's
cool he doesn't go anywhere he's just
the Kings out it must hang out over here
how's that water table there's a shark
didn't give me the satisfaction
person substance talk were probably
gonna fall we're all gonna die it's shut
you hit the floor yeah it's like that's
in green so the dolphin killer
well that didn't work very well
oh hi hello hello bitch
they just completely bypassed me yeah
there she is
hi I'm so excited about this
yeah I know we're gonna get beat up
you're gonna get beat up
I'm ready so cool girl hey yeah she's
not even affected she's like okay bitch
one Finley so what's the game we're
playing right now what do you mean
there's a lot of dogs we have to pick
one of these and people have to kind of
pick which one fits it so you asked your
mom just can't go so yeah you can so if
I got a you know basically match it up
to where we think is the funniest so
that one might be the funnest for that
you good ol Biden one because nothing
beats a good old by you mean what do you
mean
someone plays if someone plays a
freestyle part all that players have to
make up a caption on the spot these are
the options there you probably can't
tell which one Ally is okay so this is
what I'm working with so I won that one
would be more awkward than staring at it
all right when your friends are all
starting to have kids
yeah you can't mean to keep a cactus
like you're drowning in life's
responsibilities but you don't give a
single
one's down Finn's just trying to mess
with all the other ones try other ones I
mean sitting on Zell he bore himself
this friends finally home I'm going off
of maybe I didn't sleep at all last
night actually I couldn't fall asleep
yeah I know I didn't sleep at all so I
need to get some sleep just want to let
you guys know we were doing the charity
we've been doing the charity for the
best like four or five days day is the
absolute last day to enter for the
chance to win this amazing painting from
the other day and to help out and donate
and everything so the links down there
description anything counts you can do a
dollar you can do two dollars and 24
cents
you know $5.34 anything like that
anything and that's how you guys enter
to win this and I think Wednesday we're
gonna randomly pick somebody but if you
don't win at the same time you are
helping a lot of people affected over
for Hurricane Harvey so I will see you
guys tomorrow
thank you so much for everything and we
have a great night we love you
