oh-oh-oh
put your hands up I'll signal is all
single ladies
obviously the ladies obviously guys good
morning guys
dead foxy Cleopatra wig Marlee wants it
she's like no please not again that sit
okay ready oh look at my no Hey so who
wants to go to the beach
cuz I certainly do I haven't seen
outside this in a while I'm losing the
the wording for the word outside that's
pathetic my mood lies with my hair yeah
I'll go roll in the sea go poop new Ted
today so to make sure it's a nice is
strong I got a bunch of peanuts that's
the key being strong I guess what's nuts
nuts equal strength
yeah I know I didn't I ah the beautiful
water just got here my guests watch
Marley is going to go right into the
little sand and she's going to take a
number two she was peed right there she
took her one already is this your land
that you claim Zoey is this land you
claim just poop on everything and just
claim it because it called
that's nice out
terrible chase those people are having a
picnic and so is just discovered that
they have hot dogs Marley has yet to
discover that but I'm sure once what's
her nose picks up on it will this Marley
- come on Marley there's definitely not
hot dogs there hey go get it all the way
actually it's really nice out
holy crap it's nice yeah a little cigar
going my let's go wrong way then turn
and die nananana go well let's go I got
this no worries
watch your feet Marley
I take it now I dig it
good job this is one way to get Zoey
super SuperDuper tired so that way he
could order pizza tonight for the first
time in a long time if she won't try to
eat it secret mission do all right
she looks really excited when she brings
a stick back but she's got that Amin a
few cool she's like
where it thank you
how weird I should say wow just randomly
you got a little sand on your butt just
a little bit I think nope you got it
you're good yeah you're good
yeah yeah just in that area Marley oh
there she is
looking for squirrels high in the trees
so somebody on Twitter just showed me
this photo and I want to show it to you
guys and I want to ask you guys what you
do in the situation because I honestly I
have I have no I have no idea what I
would do in this this predicament the
sale is $39.99 the gallons is already
even whoa what do you do what do what do
you do I don't know what I would do
I could probably you want a peanut or
something come on what a peanut bring
kids bring kids okay you got a peanut
now would you like a peanut peanut for
me
ego so delicate so slowly and surely
girls I'm getting back to normal kind of
weird internet I kind of to be
completely honest I felt completely like
out of it like just drained you know
what I mean like you know that feeling
we're just you you it almost hurts to
like lift your right arms and your head
you're like I just want to do nothing
exactly Marley that's exactly what I was
doing I didn't want to lift my head
perfect example on your clean body that
we just gave you a bath on shirk W
completely is as sappy as corny as it
sounds what I would read the comments
and I at replies on my Twitter and just
the comments in the videos and I would
read what you guys were writing it was
just motivation to get better and just
feel better and just kind of get out of
that funk so I just want to say
personally thank you for that as as
cheesy as you want some wine with that
cheese as that sounds it did it did help
me because I mean I'm not gonna lie like
I thought you know the whole the
seizure thing would be over with you
know had the EEG had the brain tumor
removed got the EEG I gotta clear I was
out of dilantin I was all back to normal
and and then that happened you know what
I mean so it's like one of those things
weren't to be completely honest it's
just it kind of obviously it rocks you
because it's scary but it also just it's
so what the word it's like it just
brings down I have nothing that brings
down the motivation but just like just
you're just you're um you're don't sound
like an 8 year old man dagnabbit you
know what I'm trying to say took my
motivation away a little bit and it
sucks to say that but I don't worry you
guys immediately put it back into my
head and maybe feel a lot better the
news is I don't know if I actually
completely told you guys the cat scan
was clean and the MRI was clean they
compared it to pre post and like month
after whatever surgery and they didn't
see any growth or anything like that my
doctor actually said that this is not
common but it's more common because of
the whole scar tissue essentially right
here there's still like a little gap
where my brain is kind of regrowing
itself you know what I mean so sometimes
the scar tissue what are the freaking
pterodactyls like everywhere right here
yeah so that's kind of what happened
luckily there's no growth of the brain
tumor or anything like that it's not
back but this is one of those things I
have to try stay on like anti-cult
convulsion convulsion the anti-seizure
medicine but I'm gonna get back on the
road I would be back to normal making
videos and you know living life because
you know what I mean you get a speed
bump just go over it exactly so a life
is way too beautiful it's way too
beautiful to let it get to get you down
no I just thought you had a penis I
don't total random note does anyone know
what actor this is and who he's
portraying it's hilarious and it's
almost pretty accurate oh he's gone who
was it doesn't you want to do that trick
what I'll do it Marlee as soon as we say
anything about food Marley's right what
okay well I guess you can have some hope
you're gonna eat that entire turnaround
white on failure look further they're
gonna eat that entire pizza by yourself
I will if I can but I don't know if I
can I haven't tried you Oh baby got half
for me no I just didn't want all of
black olives three of insanity and I can
barely walk normally it's so hard but
it's also awesome I can like already
feel my body changing it's only been
like two days so I just wanted to pick
up insanity again cuz it's just like it
makes you feel really strong and I just
I miss that feeling like I miss feeling
like my body can do anything I ask of it
because lately it can being being thin
does not necessarily mean you're in
shape so like I want to get in shape
my pants are thin I just have like
genetics that are that are skinny but
that doesn't mean that I'm healthy or in
shape so I need to do both of those
things and that's what I'm working on
now guess what I just did
don't even guess what I just did guess
what I did yeah I'd be BioShock Infinite
he sees dead people it was all a dream
this game I'll be honest it was slow and
towards the end oh my god shut up I'm
the obvious it was slow and then it just
picked up I get my sweet little baby
she's such a good girl she loves nothing
here oh there's my baby oh did you bring
your monkey toy here Amanda you did not
just bet in your mouth that dog has
licked her butthole and then put her
mouth on that and then you put it in
your mouth so by proxy you licked your
butthole everyone dies and it's all a
dream at the end of Bioshock
hey you and then there's a child wipe
that dumb smile of giants I hate you and
it all you do everything backwards then
he sees dead people and they're not keep
saying the same two things over in
others and well I don't want to
accidentally say I'm afraid of an
accident
Mircea taxi
with y'all trippin
- it would be an early
