like a zombie like I'm talking I'm
actually talking well kind of it's still
a little bit hurts but I feel I feel
human again
come here nincompoop I got something for
you look what I got yeah trust me
Internet it feels so good to feel human
again
Marley don't poop over there really
those are my first words to you don't
poop over there are you coming over here
I still are you happy we're cool okay
we're cool let's glue yellow your sister
I know that was probably really painful
for all of you guys as ear balls but we
we were just eating in Tijuana and we
heard the b-52s come on and we just
decided we were gonna do our rendition
of life Love Shack two three
- right what Miley okay okay I think
that the viewers are loving the Miley
talks I think we're just gonna keep that
going right well do you have anything to
say to all of your fans out there uh-huh
okay that's not probably the first thing
that I would have picked to say it to
your fans but I mean anything else I I
don't even know how to respond to that
you watch and walk hard I've never seen
this movie is it good mm-hmm
no it's not good see like I really
disappointed cuz I love john c reilly I
really love Kristen Wiig but apparently
he's not that great who knows but you're
still watching it so that must say
something you can't go anywhere I know
I'm sorry baby okay guys go so I just
realized I don't know how I didn't think
of this before but my deal with it shirt
I don't think Charles is gonna think
that's very funny do you need dental
work
I don't need dental work
that's our reenactment of my favorite
scenes from right I'm out in public for
the first time so a lot of people were
sitting all these like sixes weird meme
I don't even know what it's called I
think it's like dog panty hosing or
something how do you dress your dog up
like a person exactly like Zoe yeah yeah
exactly so we're going to play this game
where we put Zoe Marley in pantyhose and
a wig and high heels because why not I'm
blaming you guys when was the last time
you shot by Pagani who was 1982 I
remember as a kid my mom would get them
and they would to get them and have them
in her purse and they'd be like those
little containers in their little
machines that you put a quarter in so
every time I saw them I'd be like oh
yeah my mom got me like bubble gum or
something
nope oh that's great let's do that I
like oh boy like crazy oh good
me on fishnet sir I don't think you
should be in the section with all the
booby coverings enough lie to me Oh Lord
I'm an exotic fly put these on
No put them on I want to see you in high
heels I think it'll be really cute
please please please one time we put
these on oh those are cute flowers come
on please put are you really really
really you you'll be fine are you afraid
it's gonna hurt if you wanna fit man
this is ridiculous
no they look great on you
put your feel then your hands will fit
you know I feel like I feel like a
pterodactyl
all right look like a pterodactyl that
is not sexy that's looks like you have
to poop look at that there's cheese
Barry was wrong this is Barry well
things have been craving a burrito a
cheeseburger and keeps up what did you
say yesterday you wanted it you wanted a
burrito pizza with chicken strips in it
yep I still want that I can't frickin
hear you anywhere listen
innocent bystander just walking down I
really don't know what I'm looking at
right now it's like a children's rave
this thing no I didn't try it yet so we
have this thing where there's a culprit
in the speed household where someone
vanishes something and doesn't replace
it you're them you're the Milka leaver
who doesn't leave in a bill for a bowl
of cereal look look oh not even close
not even damaging the top of water look
at that do you want me I'll cut a
measurement couple that might be one an
actual cup but this is definitely worth
calling a glass I really wanted to be an
optimistic you're not oh my god so just
as clearly an optimist and you are
clearly a presidency member that's a
that's a definitely more leeway good
business professor oh she wants to come
now look you're one of the monkeys you
look like Christopher Walken
oh no Zoey you look so pretty
you look like Edward wait is this my
Edward this I think actually is my read
word wig from that video I shot a long
time ago no Zoey go pick out some shoes
go pick out some of our choosing your
mouth
so get ready to have your mind blown
guys this is an all-new internet crazed
dog pantyhose n' we can come up with a
better name tell me a better name in the
comments but that's the what I thought
up now ready Zoe wait what are you what
are you doing kick zoe kick free life
foam up this will make sense in a little
bit guys
she's like this is the least of what you
guys have done to me Zoe is not she's
like totally doesn't care
stay be good get your shoes on first
this is what I needed I needed this
laughs hey you know the best part is
that she's just on her own she's just
chilling just chilling Zoe
how's it going dude how's it going
you're next oh okay Marley look at all
this think my turn the shoes fit stay
just don't look on her face of judge
she's judging Oh
I've got a little bit of the judging
with the hair okay and beautiful and
action Oh Marley and her nice Betsey
Johnson shoes their nice long locks
Marni what are you wearing
Marty what are you wearing Marty Marley
I feel like your alter ego is like Cher
I would have done this a long time ago I
apologize treats there you go for being
good girls
Ronnie breakdance okay Oh
before I forgot I wanted to let you guys
know the guitar pick necklaces I just
took check the stock report and it looks
like there's under 20 or something of
the pic packs left so if you've been
wanting to get the pack of five guitar
picks you might want to do that soon and
the guitar pick necklaces or I think
there's only a couple hundred of those
left if you've been wanting to get those
necklaces links down there CTFxC merch
calm you can click and check it out but
they're almost gone so I just wanted to
give you a little heads up high knees
high knees
- panties now that I can actually talk I
just wanted to say good night guys
I'll see you guys tomorrow hope you
enjoy the video and don't forget to
click Subscribe if you're brand new and
yeah I'll see you guys mom so my face is
going a little bit numb I have and this
is on it so it's kind of like
merci psst
with y'all trippin
with Gary don't forget
