watching the Psy's new music yeah yeah I
think you definitely are have you seen
it yet okay tell me what you think is it
too hot for you
yo that's you all right here goes
healthy sandwich instead of McDonald's
because I'm starting sanity today mmm
whoo I must be crazy
yeah Oh Miley's jealous
Miley's jealous she's like oh she was
just licking inside the dog's mouth
feeling better today Oh Marley you're
such a little dick she's been proving
that she's a little Butthead in these
past few vlogs and that right Mar no yes
you are
well fine
dude we've raised a monster ridiculous
really shake for the camera you suck
Oh oh you you go to shake as soon as I
move my hand oh my shake my shake good
girl good girl so we have some good news
I can actually talk now which means I
can probably try to eat right I can't
talk totally
but I'm able to talk a little bit better
than the captions Denali was trying to
make me have you know I mean so that
means I can yell you know when you do
bad stuff now no no you can't put my
eyes you can't yell at the morally I
want to say thank you to everybody the
last couple days I know it's been weird
I haven't been in a lot of the videos
the video has been short I haven't been
talking I just wanted to say thank you
for everyone who's been like sticking
with us and you know supporting us in
understanding I just it truly means a
lot especially you know when I don't
feel good like this even like you just
go and go on the comments and read all
the supporting things like that you guys
have been riding it's just it's
heartwarming
you know I mean so I just wanted to take
a moment and say thank you for all the
support in the last couple days and
hopefully my tongue will get better it's
crazy this has been the worst thing
there's the tongue and everything else
has been pretty much healed seems like
with this kind of injury it's just it's
always something silly like that but
again I just want to say thank you you
guys are awesome I feel like it's so
funny I'm like clenching my teeth like
it look like I'm angry but it's just
because if I try okay I can't have my
tongue move around too much otherwise it
does hurt so I have to kind of clenched
my teeth like just so it looks like I'm
just yelling at you but I'm actually
saying thank you look at that chain
yes so cute hello so while I'm out
running errands I decided to stop at yet
another Best Buy to see if they had the
game Oh another Best Buy failure I'm
super bummed but we're going to try Game
Stop next assuming that it's still open
now but god I just want to play that
game so freakin badly it's been killing
me because Charles has been playing
bioshock infinite without me ah and I
haven't even started it yet so I'm like
dying to play all these new games but
man I hope I find it jello you want some
jello hmm okay I remember when I was
sick when I was little the one thing I
would always like to do but I would miss
school and I watched prices right and
then my mom would make jello and honor
my brain I'm gonna make it in the jello
the brain mold actually I don't know if
I ever told you this story when I was in
elementary school I used to take ziplock
bags this is no joke and I would put
little bits of kool-aid in a ziploc bag
kind of like this much of it and I would
take the school and I would sell it the
kids know itself to my classmates
seriously does that look like anything
else to you no joke I think I made too
much brain goop thing that's way too
much go get for it
okay and now it's time for your evening
classical jam out session
not really but seriously game stuff
doesn't have it either but the back I
can't find it anywhere they poured me a
little bit too much sake and offering to
the gods if it spills a little bit so
I'm just supposed to drink a tiny bit
off the top my mom and my absolute
favorite sushi restaurant called Casa
2.0 this is their new one and we've got
this place is amazing seriously it is so
so good look how amazing it is it's so
great that as soon as the food came out
this is what it looked like because I
was so excited about eating that I
completely forgot to even show you how
beautiful the sushi looked what a half
an idea my mum took a picture okay
except to the picture that mom took of a
sushi now
see you know what the most annoying
thing ever was watching TV not on
commercials but so many delicious food
commercials and I can't eat I'm eating
ice like Homer Simpson I'm just like ah
ha ha ha oh yeah you know like right now
I want a pizza burrito with chicken
strips I just want that I want that
right now do you want that I'll see you
out with that makin progress eating soup
no longer just ice so I decided to come
down to shore the cutest dress show them
your address it's so pretty I love it
show the back girl show that little
cutout oh so she's helping me I'm
looking for some shorts cuz you know
doing insanity so I'm gonna have my my
Beachbody I guess but look how cute I
got my name on the door okay I have to
show you guys this is a shirt of a
pickle
it says deal with it he's flipping you
off I'm sorry I never buy novelty shirts
or anything like the joke shirts like
that but I can't not get this it's too
funny plus I absolutely love pickles
okay I think we found a winner maybe I
should do a whole video on ask Allie I
haven't done that in a while that I love
this dress it's so so cute and I can't
get in trouble because Lindsey oh it's
not really our fault but I do love this
dress I think it's really really pretty
what you got there so I'm trying to
replace my brain with a jello brain I
don't think that all I don't know I
don't know how we're gonna get it out of
the mold anything you're doing brain
surgery
I doubt oh is it gonna out
Oh gross it sounds bad okay oh you broke
it
Oh series just pick this up and today in
your mouth oh yeah
you saw my brain oh whoa whoa oh boy I'm
getting ready to start my first day of
insanity and its really super late right
now but I just figured you know the
first day of the fit test I've already
done insanity before I made it through
about three weeks it was all like over a
year ago and I stopped then I picked it
back up so I decided it would be a good
time for me to try again not gonna lie
I'm excited and terrified
insanity was extremely hard from what I
remember but I also remember feeling
really good at the end of all the
workouts so I'm just gonna give it my
best see how it goes wish me luck
insanity
today oh good guy oh I'm not sure what
oh god I didn't do a workout yet I just
did the fit test and I'm already
forgetting exhausted anyway I'm gonna go
bad I gotta I gotta go to bed I'm gonna
throw up
seriously I'm felt this nauseous in a
long time well that's day one of
insanity it's going swimmingly as you
can tell I'm going to pass the eff out
because it's pretty late that's probably
why I feel bad a caution worked out just
late but that's alright how to get done
so here we go only 59 more days and then
I'm done
I'll update you guys with my progress
and hopefully we'll go well Charles is
feeling much better and hopefully
tomorrow he'll be you know almost
completely better he tried talking a
little bit more today which I know it
was really difficult for him but he's
getting there alright everybody thank
you so much for watching today's video
if you have not already subscribed
please don't forget to do so just click
on the little yellow button the little
annotation at the end of this video
alright guys we love you and as always
we'll see you tomorrow bye thanks again
for watching
waiter
yes
giddy with trippy
through it with trip in early
