so what are you so happy about huh what
are you so happy about palm frond
well not palm frond I guess it's what
she's like kickin it all over the place
her I see
what okay hold on wait this isn't about
potatoes again is it we're waiting
desperately to hear what Charles was
talking about just keep breathing hit a
hundred thousand units oh so awesome
they did that with your guys's help and
on their own without a label so that's
awesome that honestly guys like more so
I mean obviously we wanted the band to
be successful that you know all of that
is like the most important thing but
also like for Charles and for myself
basically because you guys are like our
family it's basically just like proof
that the Internet is so ridiculously
awesome and and like you guys can do
anything you guys can seriously do
anything I mean it's like amazing you
guys made it happy get her off the
counter Charles he thinks just cuz he
doesn't feel well he can do whatever he
wants he's probably right
my mom is helping me we're still on the
hunt for Luigi's Mansion Darkman and we
can't buy it the reason why we want to
get the cartridge is because my brother
and I share games a lot he bought Super
Mario Land 3d and I didn't buy it
because we just kind of trade the
cartridges whenever we're finished
playing the games but we can't find it
anywhere so you can get it on the
Nintendo eShop but we want to actually
have the cartridge because we're weird
like that and we can't find that as so
say odd Posen
I'm also getting the naked palette I've
never used it before but I love neutral
eyeshadows and my friends have
recommended it to me several times over
so taking the plunge all right I bought
your grandpa shakes there you go
except El Miley Miley's like I like a
grandpa shake
I'll need anything joint can I have it
those shakes are not for you those are
for your daddy
okay this is my last meal a fast food
because I'm starting insanity tomorrow
so I was like capping off my no more
fast food with a lovely disgusting meal
for McDonald's and Charles was gonna try
to eat a french fry breakneck speed--
evening time golf cart ride
beverage is a gun boozy okay bitches
scroll 1:30 so I'm a totally lied
yesterday when I said Charles is getting
better because he still can't talk and
his tongue still looks pretty bad so I
might be taking him back to the doctor
tomorrow I just think this is seriously
the cutest thing that she whacks her
tails so hard just looking for squirrels
not here either god we can't find it
anywhere it is nowhere I've never heard
I mean maybe this is just because I like
I didn't have a 3d s when it first came
out but I have never heard of a 3d SK
and being completely sold out anywhere
it is not here like literally you can
find every other game except for that
like I've never had that happen even
when like I don't even think that she'll
de sold out when I first had it crazy so
we're gonna do a little experiment cuz
Charles found this thing online about
like you know like you can do those
tricks like there was a one a long time
ago it was like super popular after 9/11
there was a conspiracy theory about like
the burning Twin Towers on the $20 bill
when you like folded and it was really
crazy there's apparently another one
it's not like you know tithing tragedies
or anything horrible like that but it's
just basically like a way that you can
fold a $10 bill to change Thomas
Jefferson's expression right is that
what it is mm-hmm okay
okay so now he looks happy what okay
that's ridiculous that's ridiculous that
is ridiculous who figured that out
mmm-hmm that's amazing I love
perspective stuff like that that's
really cool okay no no I see I'm smiling
wait oh yeah it's amazing proud and
happy crushed absolutely crushed
devastated haha that's funny so gigantic
fail on my part because definitely
Alexander Hamilton on the $10 bill and
Tom wait thomas jefferson's of 20s right
hamilton god sorry I bet people in the
comments are flipping out right now
stupid your nose on your own money yeah
I suck alright guys I am getting ready
to go to sleep I'm really glad that we
have that little history lesson today
about Alexander Hamilton because not
even gonna lie I totally did not know
who was on the $10 bill so that makes me
dumb just wanted to say a huge
congratulations again do we the kings on
hitting a hundred thousand with their
single totally awesome super proud of
those guys all right we'll see you guys
tomorrow thank you so much for watching
today's video and we love you cannae
guys see them up
worse yet sexy
with y'all trippin
with trippy an alley don't forget
anymore
