it's hardly I don't want to top it off I
don't think that's a good idea
I'll need it you told me it's so sad
like it's totally weird guys I know this
is probably super weird for you because
Charles is like so out of his element
like I don't I've never even seen him
like this this it sucks this is like a
longer recovery period than when he had
his brain tumor when he had a surgery
hmm hmm this is the first room you know
feels like a lazy eye and all easy
tongue doesn't come here okay don't ya
punks riveting actually you look like
Rosie the Riveter right now you do
though you open all right I can't really
I know you may be wrong about it hmm
just hanging out there just protecting
me good guard dog okay okay you win
you're gonna knock my water over I can
always count on you Zoe we good yeah
okay okay okay
okay you sit down and then she does this
Oh Oh y-you go wrong poop ah she goes
rolls and poop
I appreciate your not doing that okay
who's gonna treat your infected tongue Z
Peck for this awesome is awesome yep
that's blurry um that's definitely not
your mom is Molly and I can just take
whatever trolls literally put the water
down right next to her and she just
stuck her face in and started drinking
you are a little fucker use the straw
god you're an asshole seriously dog yeah
she is she's tipping the whole thing
over so you can get more water Charles
and I just found out something pretty
cool actually
we are going to be doing a really cool
like zipline thing I think it's gonna be
in the beginning of May we're gonna be
going on this trip I think up to Georgia
with a couple of our YouTube buddies and
we're gonna be doing this like extreme
ziplining thing and I'm so excited about
I don't really have like a lot of
details about it yet get ready for some
extreme adventure dive ziplining what
are you guys doing you guys Marley is so
pissed she's so jealous
that is a dead wolf spider in my
driveway well maybe it is to put a leaf
there you go that's some perspective put
your finger down there put your finger
down there next to it so stifling to not
complaining anymore but my tongue and
got some stuff so it works
sorry about the internet but I always
promise to always share everything with
you even that my mouth is numb is health
it smacked me in the face
no ii in the face well not do that so
goo the very what you're feeling better
I can tell you're feeling I can't feel
anything a little bit in there dude yeah
it's not uh Internet looks so much
better except for the paint I don't
really know what to do about that but
I've been outside in my garage basically
trying to just organize everything and
it's sort of sort of getting there
you know like everything is kind of a
little bit
more organized it's definitely like a
little bit chaotic but it's better than
it was making progress guys I don't
understand your sign language sir blue
potatoes
mmm-hmm over there mm-hmm potatoes on
the cabinet put them take them out of
the cabinet put them on the table just
in the package you have to cook them
okay all the cabinet's put the potatoes
in all the cabinet's you want me to get
eighty packets of potatoes and put them
in every cabinet is that right mmm-hmm
meat I Drive I Drive and I crash into a
sack of potatoes
did you see was that a potato slap you
slap me in the face with with a bag of
potatoes why is this cognition that is
just like a Girl Scout cookie or does it
Samoas yeah when I shirt Boyce Avenue
yeah it's my new thing complimenting
people on their shirts
I like Charles's shirt yesterday I like
my mom's shirt today I like your shirt
too that's so annoying I'm never getting
any so I'm doing what I'm guilty of
doing every single time I come into like
a wholesale club I'm buying like party
finger foods and I'm not having a party
I mean I am having a party having a
party by myself I'm gonna eat all of
them and it's gonna be a disastrous but
it's gonna be
at the same time what you get right
little mini Wien in his stuff but it's
true let me teach you guys a little
secret about cooking that I learned
yesterday I'm kidding but I did learn a
little while ago you're not sure whether
or not your food is gonna taste good
it's all salt there's some seasoned salt
you're good to go
seriously I'm not sure what to do or if
you can't quite get the flavor right
crap a little salt in it and it'll taste
amazing okay I finally found a second
test subject for this mystery gum okay
come over here you can try this don't
drink coffee though you know that's
gonna skew the test
so this peppermint gum just eat a piece
and tell me what you think I know this
seems weird I promise I haven't tampered
with it what does it taste like to you
like licorice it's just like liquor no
that's the coffee it does no no swear
you failed the test with no answer you
failed it so anyway the correct answer
Yuki not really just kidding is that
this gum is so weird it tastes like okay
they make these in mint plain they make
this type of gum in mint flavor and like
just a normal bubblegum flavor anyway
I'm taking forever to explain this but
the point is this gum tastes like an
exact mix of like an accidental like
swap of bubblegum flavor and mint flavor
I don't know it's just super weird I've
had people try it all day they think I'm
crazy what else is new oh my god are you
playing viral shock infinite before me
I'm gonna kill you are you serious are
you serious are you seriously playing it
this is this is that is vile like
evident no you jerk I have another
chance to play yet huh you are not gonna
look around me sir you're not gonna kick
me face anyway all right you guys I'm
getting ready to go to sleep today is
finally looking up and just like a quick
update on Charles we got him on some
antibiotics because his tongue was kind
of starting to look a little bit
infected and he's still dealing with a
lot of the pain he's kind of having her
talking and eating still he's getting
better so that's great news and
hopefully everything will be totally
back to normal by the beginning of next
week you know fingers crossed
everything's gonna go well and he's been
totally fine since he's been back on his
medicine no more seizures no more
weirdness or headaches or dizziness so
it's really really good things are
looking up and we're very happy about
that
thank you guys again for all your
support it really means a lot I know
we've talked about it a lot for the past
few days but obviously that's a huge
thing going on in our lives right now so
we just kind of have shared that with
you all but thank you again for being so
awesome about everything and we love you
guys and as always we'll see you
tomorrow bye guys good
killed
yes
with tripping
like see
to equity
