alright babe listen I gotta go run
errands I don't want a raging party to
be going on when I come back ok
you promise mmm no ladies no boys no
drinks no loud music you promise fuck
honor okay we're at the coolest place in
target right now the dollar section you
can find so many random things here for
example little paper plates that say
just chillin and Grillin cuz why not
what is that they're ice cubes that you
put oh they're like the ones that don't
like melting you and your drink oh my
god you guys this would be Zoe's
Wonderland she were just non all these
little tiny rope things this would be
her new favorite pillow c-minor clothes
and Jesse just couldn't wait he just
couldn't wait could you
so I can't really talk so my tongue is
this I keep saying this last couple days
it's like the worst injury I've ever had
I'd rather broken like a foot then this
tongue thing there's like everything
from drinking to eating just Hocking how
they're just is painful I keep trying to
gargling and it's not working and I just
keep trying drinking stuff it's not
working I haven't eaten anything solid
probably like three days can't wait
until I can have like pancakes or
something or like cereal
Oh
there's literally burrito on the camera
now
thank you later thanking you now
how's your bow to me or a chicken
enchilada how's your intern how's your
some combination of beans and what do
you got good big old stick should we
share should I share that with you look
how weird the sky looks today Marley is
that your property Marley we don't stand
on our friends that's not a very polite
I guess so I guess you guys are
officially BFF now what are you doing my
okay take this grow this right now you
weren't feeling well so I got you
maybe those you can oh yeah anything eat
it so we just decided that tonight is
going to be an impromptu margarita night
and we are getting all the goodies you
got some fancy salt in there baby red
cups I just got those because I know my
mom's gonna love them so I'm just gonna
gift her some tiny drinking cups because
that's what a good daughter does and
we're also getting margarita glasses
you're double fisting
that's right ya see she knows me this is
so cute yeah I'm good have the internet
you are on the interwebs great did you
notice the lies about cups that's
against the queen of mini foot cup boom
mini flip Cup is a huge hit get a room
can you hear it
why would you go out home with your
family and friends this is my by the way
guys my mom is about to fucking flip out
cuz this is her favorite things it's
like baby Red Solo Cup every time I take
these beers out there there's no time
you know what this is gonna be so hard
buddy got Zoey
you got squirrel interact coud she's
killed so many char makes an appearance
that's the party okay my brain was
broken I told you that we had baby cups
where's your shirt say for a good time
in six went Galaga that's awesome
which cup are you trying to get it in
I know I just wanted to remind you guys
that the pic packs any pic necklaces are
on sale now at CTFxC merch calm and they
are going away actually pretty quickly
we didn't actually realize that they
were going to sell out as fast that they
are so if you guys want to get one of
those you should definitely go and get
them now linked in the description below
it's pretty awesome
I mean you guys have been really
supportive of all of this and it's super
cool and we're really really excited to
bring back these necklaces for you guys
because I know that you guys wanted more
and I think we kind of had like a
limited run the first time so we're
really excited to offer you guys a few
more so definitely go and get one of
those if you didn't get them the first
time around and thank you guys so much
for watching today's video we will see
you tomorrow as always take a night babe
wait
yes
giddy with child tripping
Harry don't forget to
