so I still can't really talk could might
want to see something really gross
all right any wonder if I go like a
queasy stomach avert your eyes
it's pretty gnarly
ready yeah as I hung high I almost bit
the freaking thing off so I can't eat
right now there's pretty much smoothies
which is pretty awesome because
smoothies are delicious I feel like this
is like the best way to go on a diet out
just bite your tongue really hard you
can't taste anything Thanks all right
guys so our manager just sent us an
e-mail sorry if I'm talking weird it's
because I can't talk my tongue is
killing me right now
we have moved 84,000 765 downloads of
just keep breathing and 74,000 was just
in the United States alone so that means
we have 26,000 more united states alone
until it goes silver it goes completely
silver that's unbelievable
so we have 26,000 more just keep telling
your friends gifting as your friends
once you reach a hundred thousand that
means we that song has gone silver and
it's the first song you guys made go
silver just keep breathing words about
the song
okay what all right lame lame yeah I
just wanted let you guys know I total
worldwide 85,000 that is unfreaking
believable and I just wanted to say
thank you don't worry the new albums
coming soon we'll be releasing more
songs soon what do you want what do you
want what I don't have any food what are
you guys doing just hanging outside huh
waiting for me
what about you rolling in duck poop
anymore
yes he's staring in the bird beginning
some speckle Bagley I need to make sure
that this can be used not just on
drywall riveting so we got to do it on a
wood riveting
Hey what are you doing it's like a
safety package and I don't I don't know
how to get them out I'm sure it's like a
one-step thing and I can't do it I don't
know how to get them out
can't get the razor blades out so we
have to stain we got new doors and for
some stupid reason they didn't come with
this part stain so we have to stain it
dumb right why would you you have the
entire door but not this doesn't make
any sense
what
no it's still no my tongue is still not
healed so a lot of you guys in internet
land suggested that I gargle with salt
so I can barely talk right now my tongue
is still hurting but you guys suggested
I put some like hot water or some warm
water and then salt and then kind of
like gargle and then maybe that'll help
clean and clean and like heal my tongue
ah cuz it still hurts that's what I'm
dealing with right now apparently uh
apparently I was hungry for my tongue
and I wanted to eat it he goes nothing
bones a bris Oh
Oh - a salt way too much salt so if you
ever were curious if you could put too
much salt the gargle short answer is yes
yes you can
oh that hurt I take - gonna be staining
the door was some pudding I do a
horrible don't Cosby whatever jello when
the poor thing feel it looks like it
free oh and the jello in the pudding in
the oh yeah hey thank you I got it
so he likes your tennis ball so
apparently in Florida we now have
gigantic like blackish-brown it was the
monster first black sport so weird that
was the weirdest thing I was standing up
like a little gopher and thought I was
no fur but they don't have tails like
that I don't think I don't know I
haven't seen Caddyshack enough times to
be able to identify that type of rodent
so I've been taking dr. internet aka you
guys's advice and taking it easy today
and try not to talk or do anything right
now oh we got a bummer
we got a bump so I have to say thank you
to you guys for that recommendation
because I already feel like a hundred
times better I would like to eat you the
worst part is still the tongue thing
because I could barely as you probably
could tell my normal way of speaking is
totally different I'm like doing this
kind of right now yeah I totally broke
my tongue
I've never bit my tongue actually you
know what when I wasn't closing I think
second grade I bent through my tongue
and I remember how much that looked like
how painful that was and this is still
more painful most world oh by the way I
have a little special surprise for you
guys at the end of this video you know
the guitar pick necklaces yes
they are on sale as of today she was oh
you know the guitar pick necklace is on
sale I forgot to tell you guys because
of what was going on
completely slipped my mind believe it or
not but yeah at the end of this video
there will be a link at CTFxC merch calm
and you can go get the guitar pick
necklaces and the pic packs
it's first-come first-serve I think
there's like 1500 of them this time we
got a little bit more this time so if
you really want them go get them now
before they sell out
hello oh boy I see schools everywhere
dog it bling-bling
these are back you can go to CTFxC merch
calm and the pic necklaces officially
back in stock and it is so awesome yeah
we're like hot hot fellas we uh we took
your guys's advice and we made them
again
we had the pic packs and then the pic
necklaces the best part is that I every
time I'm on tour and I play a show I
always see people wearing them which is
so cool so make sure to get them and
wear them to shows what is she doing Zoe
don't worry yeah I don't know what
you're doing over there you're tearing
up the clean blankets
hey pillow fight I hate yogurt
yeah yogurt put it in your mouth and eat
it
chew chew
mm-hmm Jim look at that nasty God is the
only thing I could eat everything else
it was he some bassy the hold on was to
Charles to show you his tongue but I
told him absolutely is there no way that
he's gonna stick his tongue out and show
you because there's a layer of gross
yogurt dairy film on his tongue but yeah
not having a baby no my life is
efficient all right everybody that's it
for today's video we will see you guys
tomorrow as always we love you guys
yes
giddy with tripping
with Derby
