what what happened there babe what what
happened the sprinklers in our backyard
just stopped working and we got all that
new sod and they're not working so we
had to have someone come out and fix
them poor Charles the guy was flipping
through the zones and Charles didn't
know what he couldn't get out of the way
fast enough and he just got blasted with
the sprinkler God that was the time that
I wish I would have had a camera what
are you barking at what do you see huh
lookit you have duck poop all over you
now what come on really no do not hide
behind them you can't hide behind them
let's go come on let's go let's go come
on Zoe looks clean and what is that you
are a little but every day it's
something else she wanted to put some
duck poop on I guess so you wanted a new
Cologne she is such a little jerk this
is my sandwich well she left us so ally
and I are having a little picnic holy
crap what are they oh my god what is
that a spot of them fighting we're
trying to have they're just kind of
chewin we're trying to have like a nice
little picnic but we keep getting
distracted by Marly rolling in crap and
all these bugs
yeah so now he has to drive me
everywhere again Zoe's on she's like I
think you're holding something smells
like food what would you do for a
Klondike bar
I would buy I would buy it take yours I
would buy it and I would eat it don't
put them crap in your mouth here
oh my god they want it no it's time for
some picnic it's not even a picnic
either I just totally screwed all that
up I'm we're doing a barbecue in the
middle of spring BAM
coordinating right and you've got legs
you've got a shirt that I have but I'm
not wearing it right now
we're still 20 oh boy okay this is a
resealable package of hotdogs I'm not I
had nothing to drink the tear tab is
below where the zipper is this is Alex
first time opening hotdogs you open it
and pull the zipper off you peel off the
resealable part
I wondered why it was so hard I have
peed all the hot dogs eat them all right
you're not gonna cry anymore you don't
even know me cracked one bacon over here
but I don't even like I know blasphemous
whatever we're having a really fun
little cookout everybody's over Charles
is already eating without everybody by
himself you're in trouble got our grill
going
everything smells delicious and it's why
this is your favorite superhero are you
onion girls yes or cooking you being a
drama queen
seriously though I'm really like it's
bad it's really I'm trying to help you
I'm trying to help you that's such a
good defense mechanism of the plant
whenever it's compromised it makes the
animal cry mix them blank yeah let me
see this drop it I love your face
this is the spread and look great we're
excited we were just talking about how
when we were little kids like whenever
we would do cookouts it seemed like the
dads would always cook the burgers like
an hour after they made us stop doing
whatever we were doing they're like okay
get out of the pool it's time for
burgers and then you would just smell
them cooking for like an hour but you're
a good dad sure good dad guess what what
chicken bite apparently just keep
breathing was on the Regis and Kelly
show or so and it was on The Today Show
that's awesome so you guys are killing
it by the way killing it
so I forgot to tell you guys I got the
MRI results or I talked to the doctor
yesterday from about the MRI results and
what he was saying was that there was no
he looked compared it to the previous
MRI and what he did was he compared it
to the post-surgery MRI to the newest
MRI and he said there was no weird
growth or anything like that so the good
news is the absolute amazing news is
that he didn't see any of the tumor
growing back or anything like that a lot
of people were telling me and a lot of
doctors were telling me that when your
body's run down and you're tired you're
exhausted and you know you're
dehydrating all this stuff you are more
prone to having seizures and because
your brain my brain a little bit more
particular has a lot more scar tissue
since of the surgery and that can kind
of cause seizures like a year or two
years after brain surgery so that's
maybe why that happened or something
like that but I don't know I just wanted
to kind of fill you guys in what I knew
about what was going on what happened
because it was definitely kind of out of
the blue because I was running I went
running with the dogs I came back I had
one and then I was resting was uh what
Dennis and I was when I had the other
one I don't know it was very weird and
very scary but it's one of those you
guys know the cat scan they didn't see
anything the cat scans and they didn't
see anything in the MRIs and it looks
like the worst thing I haven't looked
look at this
that's my tongue I bit my tongue you see
it both sides both sides of my tie was
but might come completely off I just
wanted to let you guys know the good
news definitely some crazy so crazy news
right all right everybody
getting ready to go to bed and Charles's
already passed out again some kind of a
rough you know past few days
understandably for Charles but I think
we're gonna be kind of getting back into
the normal swing of things tomorrow I
think Charles is gonna be feeling a lot
better
his muscles aren't bothering him it's
not having as many growing area pains
which is good alright guys thank you so
much for watching today's video and just
as a quick reminder I know we've said it
like a million times but if you have not
already checked out
we the king's new single just keep
breathing you definitely should can
click on screen right now you can go and
buy the song send it to your friends
tell everybody about it it's awesome I
love it and I'm so so proud of them for
moving I think it's something like
90,000 units already which is just
ridiculous
so awesome congratulations again to
those guys we love them very much and we
love you guys and we'll see you tomorrow
good night guys good night Zoe I love
you she's like what what are you looking
at you're being super weird okay there
we go okay good night
yes
with trip
see
to be an ally don't forget to eat more
