so the other day yesterday when I had
the two seizures I apparently a bit the
crap almost bit my tongue off like the
why am I talking like this so I can't
eat anything so I'm thinking maybe I
don't know smoothie will help I don't
know it's just I said you know when you
bite your tongue like in the front or
something you can just like push it back
and it's like you know you can avoid it
uh-huh you can't it's just like
everything is moving apparently I did on
this side too super painful got that
crip walk say crazy it's like write read
everything where it's that way it's like
everything just when it seized up it
just like so it hurt so bad but I'm
wearing my CTFxC shirt so you guys are
all with me I'm at this MRI that's right
getting ready to get the Skrillex remix
come on grandpa my poor baby
okay go for a run you're legit
ridiculous is what you are alright babe
stop he said no exercise sir my doctor
said that he hates the dentist I know I
think I tweeted about that yesterday art
or his nurse or tonight as they are cuz
he's like become a friend of ours but
his neurosurgeon was like oh I hate the
dentist root canals worth some brain
surgery any day
what well at the wrong place that's okay
I can totally walk it's big with the
original surgery
remember Halleck brain and the head
heals faster than like Danny's arm I
feel like my head's totally fine my
crotch
okay opinion I feel it it's just like
I'm so tired
the doctor said I was gonna be exhausted
because I had two of them and then my
legs and my arms it's just like when you
stretch and do something like exercise
well stretch ages to teach your burp I
was moving my tongue because it let me
see it oh my god that is disgusting
I can't talk or anything I'm like
talking like this I'm like the singer
from modest mouse well here we go guys
oh my that is the craziest thing I've
ever seen that is a really cool looking
snake what was that
together what I have to pick the food
out of my teeth go it don't look look
look at that
oh nice saving something date so Charles
is asleep at the house and my dad is
over we just got like uber trippin speed
family's all helping and hanging out and
it's really cool I mean you know like I
said you guys are just the most amazing
support system our families have been so
great through all of this so he's passed
out sleeping we're actually getting new
front doors today there's all this crap
going on like I don't know it's just
been hectic the dogs been freaking out
keep banging on our house all kinds of
stuffs been going on
my mom and I decided to come out and
grab singer and call Charles was asleep
and resting and finally feeling a little
bit better that's been really tired he
also pulled the muscles like in his
groin
so I just keep asking why is he dick
hurts I don't think he thinks it's very
funny but I think it's hilarious let's
go touch it touch it put your feet in
the water it's gonna be chilly well not
really that showy I feels great that is
not even cold no it's not you loser
crazy people this is cold for us we're
we're Florida we're spoiled our waters
like bath water up hair in the lens hang
on there we go how we can't what was
that I'm just some ridiculous old person
rhyme about pelicans oh don't make me
drop my camera that will be very
unfortunate but yeah this is really cool
this is actually on Crescent Beach and I
used to come here almost every day in
high school with my friends and this is
where I first learned how to skimboard
where I first really started discovering
that I like taking pictures and I like I
love shooting video like sports
activities I know that sounds kind of
funny and I just became a daily blogger
so it's a little different now but I
love to come here and shoot video and
take pictures of my friends doing really
cool stuff in the water and it was just
it was so much fun like it's such a
crazy time in my life I'd like to be
able to come back here and it still
feels like my home is just so awesome I
love this place so my mom is being a
little baby about not walking so she
wants me to carry her you got a jump oh
you're just gonna lay on me like
forgetting oh my god okay that really
hurts my ear when you do that and now if
I step on something it's gonna be like
double weight into my foot how is this
parents laughing at
this is what happens when you have a
seizure you seize up and think you
pulled a groin you seize up on a season
Caesar
you definitely pulled your garage on
your back oh yeah she did she gave me a
piggyback ride today no he can't spread
his legs don't worry who's hungry
who's hungry it's actually really really
sad and depressing because Zoe I can
tell is still kind of bummed out about
what happened like she's still kind of
skittish directly in my ear oh that's
how she gets back at ya it's kind of
like depressing because I can see Zoe be
a little bit skittish now when I walk
around her cuz I guess when I had the
seizure I slammed one of those glass
like glasses all over here and when I
woke up I think I told you guys I
honestly to be completely honest to you
I have no idea what I said in
yesterday's vlog it's weird it's like
literally we know when you reboot a
computer that's what it's like it's like
you restart restart your computer in
your brain and you don't know what's
going on she's still kind of she's kind
of warming up to me again she's like oh
I understand I still love you oh okay
she's back to normal yeah back to normal
yesterday she didn't want anything to do
with me this say oh you should probably
feed me you are a dick you ain't doing
no oh no what do you got what do you got
nothing with this
lay down we're all over roll over Miley
get all dirty you know you want to I
don't really feel like it right now
oh you're gonna go steal that okay
Gramps
I legitimately can ride yes I unplug it
chart okay don't get thrown out chart so
slow I was like I was walking faster
than this thing
gonna have the pizza sauce please
my entire life I've just legitimately
wanted to be able to ride one of these
now that I can I just wish it was faster
all right ready to go to bed night babe
I know girlies are keeping you company
my legs are broken
no they're not broke doc job baby bye
we are getting ready to go to bed he had
kind of a rough day it was really busy
for us but you know he's things are
looking up and we'll get the official
official official results from the MRI
tomorrow although we are pretty sure
everything looks clear I know guys go
ahead start the counter for me doing
this a million times
sorry anyway thank you guys for watching
today's video we will see you tomorrow
we love you good night
we wait
yes
get it with y'all trippin
gyah
with trip in early don't forget
