oh my god was that a double fart
high-five good freaking morning cue
intro now does it feel the fart on
camera smelly I'm leaving ah just pull
the Marly girls aren't supposed to fart
Oh everyone farts I'm done with that
friggin do it again whatever I can't
that I like force that it's not
happening you can't so we just double oh
my gosh if you and Marly farted - I
think the world would have just exploded
we have still amazing news I woke up
we're still number one on the
alternative charts we're number 10 we
slip to number 10 but that's still
freaking unbelievable
we're getting the numbers we have like
34,000 more to go in the United States
and then officially this song will go
RIAA silver status I don't want to be
annoying with it but if you haven't got
a new song gift it to your friends if
you already got it tell all your friends
we are so close to having this thing go
silver in its first week which is
completely and utterly unheard of for a
band like us you know usually it's all
Justin Timberlake Rihanna Coldplay
things like that like amazing like epic
bands to be completely honest we thought
we were gonna do 10,000 in its first
week and we were gonna be so happy about
that to do ten times that ah oh by the
way thumbs up for my awesome hair right
now it's my new style I think I was
gonna die nice flock of seagulls type of
thing right now get the dye but now you
want the door closed well gee I'm sorry
yeah it's a secret Club meeting where we
sniff each other's faces
right now what are you doing he's
playing with the door stopper click the
door again so I told that door so he
closed it go nope now you're opening it
again you don't know what you want to do
jeez no I want it open so I can leave
thank you now I'm gonna sniff your dirty
laundry oh that's dirty
I am for the alley sprayer perfume and
Zoey and Marley myself have been
sneezing constantly they do do your
impression of Zoey sneezing no it's more
gonna go oh kidnap she doesn't do a
Richard Nixon hey guys um it's been an
interesting morning I don't mean to
alarm any of you guys or you know I
don't even know what I'm saying right
now okay
this is Charles right in front of us in
an ambulance
I don't even know if we're going to use
any in this footage he had a couple of
seizures this morning he has not had a
seizure since the first time
he had a seizure to seizures today my
dad was with him and we are taking him
to the hospital now
that's I don't know anything else to say
he has it he's ahead of seizure I don't
know I hope it's okay they're putting
him on medicine now what did you do this
time dummy hey so we meet again in the
hospital ah apparently so I woke up I
was a little confused but I kind of
piece things together and I was like
wait where's Ally okay I remember I
called you immediately he's gonna pick
up umm and then a meeting with their
insurance people and then yeah then
Dennis came over and apparently had a
second one uh yeah I think my dad heroin
my dad doesn't have a Twitter but just
in the comments a Dennis feed is friggin
awesome my dad my dad was there and my
dad looked like he had seen a ghost
when we got home so he went through the
same thing to me I know I just I told my
dad I was like you and Dad I need to
just talk it out over drinks I I know
now I know the feeling what's gonna
happen like it yeah my dad said you just
kept saying I feel weird I feel weird
yeah well this time I I was like I was
aware of it so I was like I'm telling
Dennis right now before i black out or
whatever
so my doctor came in and he's gonna put
me back in dilantin yeah yeah and he's
like I was like so what do you think it
could be a think it's growing back or
anything like that is like know what
we'll do is it if it does will disappear
I doubt it and then he's like it won't
kill you so yeah that's a good thing
yeah doctor is pretty awesome he's got a
really good sense of humor so you're
gonna be alright
sorry I just showed your nipples what
are y'all talking about over there oh
yeah
so they just did the cat scan and he
said it cut it looks fine we have to do
an MRI tomorrow um so what was it like
scar tissue yeah yeah he was saying that
they think the Theia because the scan
looks good you said he didn't see any
mass effect and the first thing I
thought was
but we do that but he was saying that
sometimes if there's scar tissue and
since you had I apparently lowered your
seizure threshold because you weren't
taking care of yourself that there could
have been some irritation that caused
the seizure so they're gonna do an MRI
apparently what I was saying was it's
not uncommon or common but it's like
scar tissue heals and usually it happens
about a year which was in February late
February
so March March was in March March 6
what's the date close your eyes close
guys have something for you hey don't
give me P o repeat I filled up off out
here I showed up two of them two of them
not these don't your P why are you gonna
film doing it deliciousness now you eat
in the hospital so you remember how last
time when I fell and when I was with
Danny I fell here on my Starbucks this
time it was a little bit scarier because
I had a glass and I was drinking water
after a run I'm an idiot I was running
after for like 45 minutes in the heat so
I had this really fragile glass and all
of a sudden I was like oh this just
sounds very familiar
and our feels very familiar so I tried
to put it down so I wouldn't fall on my
face with a glass one so I set it down
and fell on the ground then when I woke
up I was trying to find Zoey and Marley
when I stood up I was a little confused
I didn't know where Ali was so I was
like trying to figure a piece together
everything and I saw I saw Joey and
Marley weren't cowering in the the
bathroom luckily all I did was bite my
tongue and that and then I think I had
that - biting your tongue
usually I
Murr ooh my dad said what poured out
your mouth cheese
so Dennis was there the first time
second time so I got this guy going in
me
got another one back think about how
many times you're gonna have to pee I've
already filled up two of them but you
got Gatorade I got a drink and then some
warm Pete I don't put my feet like
drinkin I do I know this is this is
dedication right now this is I'm
literally holding that's why yeah best
wife award what you're doing sister a I
do and mom to do an al you do I'm sure
not having seizures sounds pretty good
to me
hey maybe there is it's a no seizure
iPhone party and now Twitter lessons
with Melissa
Chad's learning more and he's got the
bang and bang buddy tweet this I want a
freak point something how do I retweet
something you know why I'm laughing at
that because I know that's gonna be me
with my kids when they understand
technology that I don't it'll be
something like Google Glasses where you
can't figure out how to like blink
something how do I tweet this all right
you ready I'm gonna I'm gonna wax here
oh that's disgusting
ready one two look at all your little
eyes out there yo-yos like our fish well
get the friggin ears stuck to it wait
wait I'm very angry with you right now
Circle there
hey you ready I'll do it quick you sign
right there oh I missed do it yeah I'll
do it quick when you take them off oh
that's
okay after brain surgery I could walk
out after this I have to come roll out
yes turn the corner okay you are a stone
cold pack a weird of doing that where
the hospital Charles it's not good to
have you being jarring right now
probably not the best thing for you
okay stop then you Charles got seriously
old phantom Hospital sucks bear that's
sexy get all the ladies of that era
never got shoes there you go
so he's like I do not like wood you did
to me today I do not like what you do to
me do ya we're just talking about how
you and Danny now get to be more closer
bro buddies now because you both saw
what happens ridiculous Daniel we're
trying to be positive
you just oh yeah Dennis that I was
sitting there talking for like an hour
you're like yeah I was just a fluke and
then all of a sudden like I don't feel
good don't feel good don't feel good
yeah I know you can't a feeling we did
you did thank you sir Colonel Jun did it
go in my hand kind of go like that
course she went never like that okay
your left on your left leg I go way
alright guys I'm getting ready to go to
bed it's about 11:15 now Charles is
sleeping the girls he's going back in
tomorrow morning for an MRI and we are
going to just pray and hope that
everything's okay I think it should be
good because his cat scan showed clear
so that's pretty good but we got a no
first row with the MRX it's a little bit
more detailed of kind of a map of all
the tissue and all the stuff that's
going on in there so we're going to just
wait for those results and you know just
yeah hope everything goes well Charles
has been very fortunate and he has very
good doctors and also we have the best
support system with you guys I mean we
were totally blown away today reading
your tweets and just everything you guys
have just been so amazingly supportive
you were the first time around and now
we're dealing with this stuff again and
you guys
right there with us so you know we just
want to say thank you again for that
because it helps believe it or not it
really does all right guys thank you so
much for watching today's video and it
was kind of a sad one hopefully tomorrow
will be much better all right we love
you guys and we'll see you tomorrow good
night see what you did
wait
hey where's ePSXe
giddy with child trippy
a worth it
like see
would be an ally don't forget to aim
you
