good morning guys today is Rita last if
be a playlist live DC so we decided
that's what all the kids do jerk went
home and we decided cuz last time we did
it I guess was a year ago two years ago
can't remember how long it's been a year
ago we just thought we got rear-ended
bikes and just kind of biked around so
we figured oh that we kind of it'd be
kind of fun to do he's kind of because I
Lee and I obviously are obsessed with
bike right now so we decided maybe we
should go like you don't check out again
it's actually really nice so we figured
this is the thing to do because vehicle
even for hand models okay both case my
calories gets this Lexia okay kick for
there we go
sorry but you just hit that threshold
you're over 18
it's Charles smarter than the Machine
more confusing than I thought they're
not really confusing but it's just like
a lot of questions Lajo collisions
it went three question limit if it stood
on my handlebars have you so variously I
can ride my bike with no handlebars no
handlebars
so this is the first time is the
Washington Monument right there this is
the first time that I've ever actually
been to the Jefferson Monument
it's just so far but since Ally and I
had bikes we thought this would be good
but I don't know still gotta go see it
sir
like Port Jefferson got the show them to
stick in the hole
you don't think so I think Lincoln got
the best I want out the giant statue you
memorize
all that I don't think I could do that
Wow that looks like a familiar spot you
know it's funny I just text okay so if
you guys don't remember this is where
Danny mr. Danny Duncan decided to get a
photo of his duck and his phone went in
the water and then he tweeted it and a
lovely girl Selena came and jumped in
the water and saved his father with no
hesitation my location that we literally
just jumped right in from what I saw
yeah and then we just went days you
haven't bought her an outfit here's the
thing is it's on I just sent the Danny
Jose aw dude memories it goes you should
throw your phone in first tradition how
are you this is actually kind of funny
we just keep me random sneaky effects
ears we met another like five or six
over there and every one of them are
like oh yeah we just came to the spot
where Danny you know dropped his phone
so feels like this place in the
Washington Mall is now becoming a Neeta
a meetup spot that's actually kind of
like a little memorial for Danny's phone
I was bland in but it would be hard to
find
yeah I mean I'm snatching everything
that's why what's going on no matter
like ten minutes four or five yeah if
you ever tried so if you guys ever want
to try to find us one of our snapshots
chopped
look at it so I've never seen that many
people I had to get a little ice cream
break over here it's so busy last time
we rode bikes here there's like no one
has been granted it was that night but
right now it's just impossible to do
that it's quite than fun at least we get
to kind of go around and see everything
I think we've gone like seven or eight
miles already and makes it so much
easier to see PC I highly recommend it
if you ever come to DC rent a bike is
like eight bucks five bucks so much that
five or eight bucks like 24 hours
highly recommended unless you really
like walking in that could go further
walk fun bell here's the thing door to
mine it's all broken the mind sounds
cool that's a speed metal bell we kind
of wanted to go do like you know the
Smithsonian and was five museums all
those fun things
however we forgot it's Sunday and
everything's pretty much blows so right
now we decided we're just kind of like
wander around try to add some food I
broke it I broke it I broke it I guess
we just keep it like live is than glide
and you know jamming anything see
awesome I was broken all right you can
hold this look look at the crosswalks
I love the crosswalks what sign are you
Oh what animal year
don't aim for parts third a
my wife's dear birth interesting use
cards and you gulped a different station
and you pick the food and then you sit
wherever the hell you want to sit so
pesto bruschetta Caesar salad and
barbecue chicken grunts me up like in
high school somewhere you've got to try
to finally get a place to sit and we're
gonna find the duel kids or something
like that or you just gotta find an open
spot because everything is completely
opening people sit really awkwardly like
two people take up an entire bench so
we're on this little Tiki thing right
now it's working though it's working all
right so Thomas is showing us how to do
I feel like you're like a secondary
character now on these these vlogs these
just show us how to do car throwing like
then now you see me right below right
now so I'm gonna attempt to get this
part
and before anyone says anything they are
biodegradable so they once rain hits
them they're gone so no plastic finish
before anyone says anything now I'm just
saying that now yeah right we got to
make sure all right let's even get it
very low Santa this might not work it's
worth a shot
oh that's pretty close Wow there's no
way I don't think everyone else was
going it right to here I don't know
Andrew stern this is your hard that is
Casey Jeff Talley are you gonna try
that's right he'll teach it so we're
gonna we'll do the clip so between your
middle finger and your index finger and
stabilize it a know your salsa just
flick the wrist so once your elbows
fully extended just flick your wrists
baby I think it's all about the flick
the flicker there
we were walking back and Ali found
12-time I believe for housekeeping okay
you should that's really nice of you I
thought I was like there's no way I felt
it was a prank I felt mean Frank okay I
was doing one of these things
do you know make first thought was what
in it so I was very hesitant Sue's
rolled up boy yeah I thought it was a
prank like a ball put of all places this
would be the place to do a prank like
that why I guess the prank is on the
maid cuz the maid just got twelve
dollars a tip for she didn't do anything
in the room because we never but right
now because yes a big knife
yes playlist is now over so I'm gonna
edit the video we have to wake up at
like 4:00 in the morning so I'm gonna
call it a super early night I can't I
can't wake up at 4 a.m. and function so
I'm gonna edit the video please please
please don't forget to subscribe and I
hope you enjoyed today's video
and this entire weekend we love you my
voice is completely gone as you can tell
have a good night and we'll see you
tomorrow bye
