good morning so I don't have any sense
so they have to build me airports right
there
they don't take credit card and the
stamp is 35 standards I have four or
five pieces of paper they're gonna mail
they're gonna mail mail me a bill for
was it 90 cents 90 cents because I
didn't have they wouldn't take credit
card but the good news is we're going
home so I just dropped Danny off all
equipment so we would enough to do all
this stuff I hate to complain
Newark Airport is one of the airports I
hate the most doesn't make sense
nope you're gonna have to walk final
plane home there we go now we're here
hey Ted we're number five number five
tip okay look at this dog it's on a
scooter just chillin
it's brother the most adorable thing
okay okay Oh God oh geez oh geez
hey nope
I think somebody's happy I'm home you
happy I'm home okay I think that is my
copy
there's my coffee you sit roll over
obviously I just got home if you guys
didn't figure it out and I have to I
have to show you guys this I'm in
completely this utter shock right now
I just wanna show you hold on okay so we
go to charts all right now check this
out
we are number freaking 5 and even
crazier look at this so you go to
genres alternative and check this out
number freaking one you guys have no
freaking idea how excited not only am i
I am beyond beyond words but the the
rest of the guys they are just blown
away all I can do is to say thank you
from the bottom of my heart for buying
the song from gifting it to your friends
for telling your friends just getting
the word out it's it's such an amazing
feeling community and the camaraderie
you guys did this we didn't do it we
just made the song you guys made that
happen but actually I think as of now
we're about 50,000 songs have been
downloaded 50,000 the put that in
perspective if we do another 50,000 the
song goes silver we could get a silver
record so I was out here just hanging
out with the dogs and I just I looked at
that and I was like I have to I have to
show you guys this so if you haven't
gotten our song just keep breathing
links down there description you can
click actually right here on the screen
and open up in iTunes get it for your
friends gift
your friends tell your friends because
we I think we can get to number one I
honestly think you guys can help us get
to number one and that is that's the
cool I get Liz I got goose bumps I
literally just got goose bumps talking
about it
Oh goose pimples whatever what I call it
so I wanted to say thank you really
truly all right I'll stop blubbering and
now you can watch a crazy dog do crazy
dogs this one's a little bit more crazy
what are you chewing on okay it's just
uh this is pretty tasty stick I don't
even know where you got that I'm
assuming it's from that tree I don't
know how you got it
I'm assuming you climbed it of course
going on here
separating the laundry Marley I will
give you 50 dog treats if you can put
your head straight you lost what
happened oh really Eric to just bet my
toenail backwards oh my god
it's broken I need to get that piece off
okay just keep breathing honey just keep
breathing
so right about now I am on and I think
collective maybe over the past three or
four days maybe eight maybe nine hours
so I'm on this like delusional coffee hi
I figured it probably better to stay up
and then just kind of come on Marley do
it nope come on Marley no if I go around
it I will go over it I go around it see
same thing Mar oh god that was me and
Miley whoa for peanut nice Romar forgets
frickin wait Wow okay big rickets
I think you should give her the peanut I
seem to have a barnacle hmm I think I've
acquired an addition to my back
sleepy sleepy I think I've had eight
hours of sleep for days look how weird
that looks it looks like your arms
coming out of your head lay down okay so
now I've got Marley and Charles I'm
sandwiched here
a peanut well I accept you alright I
think you got something on your head
just stack this on her for like ever
she felt that one yeah you can't test
three years it's like operation what's
it touches her ears she's super
sensitive and then what are in the knee
what I'm laughing at is that your your
concentration is for this absolutely
ridiculous activity is higher than any
other thing that you do throughout the
day this is important she hasn't so much
grass you can put on her head thanks for
joining us outcasts of the family the
black sheep she is had a couple of
duckies that decided to join me out here
the other best thing about being home
behind fresh groceries no more like
restaurants and fast food and crappy
eating we can just eat deliciousness
since this is the first time I've been
with Ally since we look like this song
was released and I'm on the charts and
everything we're getting a nice little
bottle of champagne to celebrate it
together do you want some okay Korbel it
is okay so forward I mean backwards I
guess for me like this into the wine my
butt hits it that's what happens big old
butt butt bumpers oh no I just slowly
run you into things these bumpers okay
have fun so in the last European tour
somebody gave me some Nando's hot sauces
Charles alright so what I'm making
tonight I'm craving it a Nando's chicken
sandwich oh yeah
chicken sandwich time and speaking of
which it's almost 10 o'clock at night
right now I have no idea how I'm still
up no idea and what that was a little
bit rude Zoe what okay I'm done really
is that clean no it's not of course
would she be sitting on something that
smelled good no hey what is your deal
okay so you're laying on it because it
smells like butt okay so you want to
smell like but you know this means I
have to give you a bath right no you
can't buy your way out of a bath with
dog treats that's not how this works
fifteen-minute guess well it's have to
go to bed I haven't showered in a long
time and I I need the shower it's an
airplane airplane cook anyway you can
click here to check the new skit that
Shay and I may
spontaneously the other day when we were
in New Jersey actually also if you
haven't gotten our new single check it
out right down there click the right
it'll open up in iTunes you can download
it I honestly like was saying goosebumps
I cannot believe the YouTube community
is coming together like this it's truly
truly inspiring and I just want to say
thank you so check out our video
download the new song also this Friday
the guitar pick necklaces are coming
back a lot of stuff but you know what
for you guys alright I'll see you guys
tomorrow
have a great night and so your phrase
it's good to be home
it's good to be home good guys
wait
merci psst
with trippy
to be an ally don't forget
