I'm just gonna good morning guys
orgonite what I was it come on
so we have a show today we're playing
with the pain and made a in Jersey Cory
and the apprentice a guys are coming in
and so is Shay and I think Jackson
Harris so it's gonna be great to Ashley
just keep breathing Dominican Republic
number is six Sweden number four the
state's number six unreal
number 20 Stephen Canada number 12
Philippines number one nice Germany
number one guys you guys are amazing
this is just unreal this last like 12
hours this has been crazy D comfortable
I think I learned a lot of aisle window
uh how are you doing hey what are you
doing what look at how this dog is
sitting on this what why are you wagging
to tail like you're cute and everything
and everybody loves you huh
yeah I know everybody loves you but it
doesn't mean you can do whatever you
want well that's not very polite
whatever
so you haven't some butt problems there
why are you sitting like that yes
God what is happening with these dogs
the weather is setting it's I know it's
been amazing today but we are actually
on the hunt for coffee I never thought I
would say this I thought it would always
be Charles looking for coffee but we
just both run out of our favorite like
curing cup things and we can't find them
anywhere so we're gonna copy
it's been two days yeah it's been so
long since we saw you last and the other
state though we're in the same state
oh but the same thing but like different
yeah different Britain's is but even a
different journey like a different
chapter of our lives I'm documenting the
documentary right now haven't you been
to like other states in since you're
another state of Iowa where were you
July or how would I or sitting Hey yeah
where will we go next what are you doing
I get my hand in here yeah that looks
natural so I just remembered that
Luigi's Mansion just came out for the
3ds and I'm in target and I can totally
buy it
I probably shouldn't though you know
what guys I haven't even played Bioshock
yet it's killing me but if I too much
going on so haven't been able to play it
so I just found out that it's sold out
here which is honestly probably a good
thing so tell me if I'm the only one who
does this guys I have started four games
on the 3ds played through to the very
end and stopped before I've beaten it
I've done it to every single game that I
hadn't bought for the 3ds I don't lead
it I'm like afraid to beat it I don't
know what it is like I feel like the
game will officially be over if I beat
it I know I can play it again but it
like makes me sad like I don't want to
beat the game oh dang I think we need to
perform a bad test
and I will target oh they didn't break
that's what I questioned Goffe they
don't have the kind we want and it's
really not that dramatic do you see it
do you see it do you see it do you see
it what he dancing do you find it miss
just so much cheers you know I thought I
was only gonna walk out here with coffee
that got a half candle I seriously I
have a problem the wife found you look
really good you should be in movies
dudes like Jeff Goldblum for Jurassic
Park can't wait to e---coli actually it
has the chest there now he's there we go
every time I turn the camera on you're
climbing something it's like the aggro
carrot right now this is this is closest
we're gonna get Shea Trev and I try that
a good idea we're actually to shoot a
skit right now I'm gonna put on the
Charles Trippy channel and Jackson's
gonna actually help us I'll put a link
at the end of the video so you can watch
it but we're gonna film it now thanks to
Shay Jackson and trav trav little idea
it's gonna be on the charts trippy at
the end of this video
any metal so we're getting ready to do
the way the King interview for the
documentary everyone's getting their
makeup on now that's a lie that's just
Charles this is a cool one because we
have everybody in the background before
the show we found another basketball gym
this time we got Shay we got punkin
I got my Jordans so we got vloggers
verse we go I mean that's just
ridiculous that's the most ridiculous
thing I've ever seen you are such a
little brat oh my god she's a dog it is
rude to me she like assaulted me at the
watering hole
welcome to Britain's 24 hours skatepark
by the water and a hospital it's like
the greatest hi this is so cool so what
we're gonna look for James James is a
really good skateboarder
this whole thing just looks like one
gigantic death trap to me like
awesome montage James Kate boring ass
montage James skateboarding he can do
these super cool tricks but I could
never do but maybe you can which is
pretty freakin cool
montage of James skateboarding whoa the
city funded this it's such a cool cool
thing to like support kids getting
outside being active and that sounds
really corny and kind of cliche but it
is really really sick because like it
seems like almost all you see in cities
as signs that are like no skateboarding
blah blah but this is like you know what
yes skateboard please mom I saw a spark
that's pretty impressive
shake took the the crew and it's
blogging camber out there so you have to
watch that it's going up and down the
audience so this is probably gonna be in
the documentary along with the big top
one though they're here Shay's leaving
and Jackson's leaving me from c5 on the
keyboard get it at c5 it's the net it's
what you're going for that's how I ended
it that's totally Jake's helping me out
basically edit the new skit that's on
the Charles tribute channel and then
Travis helping me with the music so C 5
C 5 C 5 ok not for like the explicit
okay everyone up before I go to bed I
just want to let you guys know this skit
that trav Shay and I just we made today
actually is live on YouTube by cops
that's Charles Trippy you can click
right here on the screen and it'll take
you right to it if you're on or like a
mobile device go link down there in the
description or you can just subscribe to
YouTube a cop says Charles Trippy
like all the cool people are doing but
it was like one of those very
spontaneous
we totally one of those moans like we
should make a video and sure I've had
this idea and we shot it and like I
don't know how really fast but it's
really funny go check it out and let me
know what you guys think over there so
yeah go check it out I will see you guys
tomorrow and yeah bye
psst
with trippy
with childcare being
don't forget
