five PvP time to go appreciate it so at
the airport Ali went the wrong way so I
have to go to Cedar Rapids Ali gets to
go home and play with the puppies just
fix her bag a guy put our bag tags on
the wrong bag I would have gotten Ali's
dresses and makeup and all that now they
would have gotten my one pair of pants
is zero to ten scale
I'll tired are you right now which one
is the most turn because I feel like I'm
at zero can you keep my eyes open
go home Philadelphia Airport you're
drunk terminal e gate D 12 enjoying your
muffins packed
I have to go learn different flights you
get to go play with the puppies I'm off
to see the rabbits Marley then I'll be
home I think in like a day or two just
kind of works out perfectly I'm already
up here although I have to fly that home
to Italy before I fly back up o Airlines
so that's where we all meet how's it
going boys only few people can say they
eat pizza unattractive honestly I think
this is the first time I've been here
batting cages hunters in heaven what are
you doing there neighbor
yesterday we had a tiny tire today well
the big tear never mind Who I am
no go ahead everybody missed you it's
such a good girl
oh it's nice to finally be outside
without a jacket on it was so fun to
hang out with all of those guys and
apprentice a and everybody you know like
Gina and Jessi but it was also really
cold and I'm super glad to be back in
Florida with the sunshine and the warm
weather and I think Marley's excited too
Riley you excited she's like no I'm
gonna poop when I eat stuff but yeah
that was a total blast actually took a
nap earlier today because it was
exhausting we it was just it was just
such a busy like past couple of weeks
with playlist and everything and I
apologize I've been kind of behind on
cinema and stuff like that but we're
gonna get all that back on track really
soon we're gonna be doing drunk gaming
for Bioshock and all that good stuff
I just wanted to just send some love to
those guys does everybody an apprentice
say it was super fun to work with they
were I mean the movie is gonna be
awesome I'm so excited about it it was
so great to see Shay and to hang out
with Jesse and Jeana and you know I'm
just sad that it didn't last longer but
I think everybody was getting really
tired hey Coco hey ridiculous
drawing that Kaali scenic see that's
that's better than whiteboard that's for
sure look at the window look at the view
from our green room so it is officially
live just keep breathing is now on the
iTunes Store we're all gonna download
our own song from itunes it send up
Danny
she's a beauty she's a beauty all right
your night ends okay okay maybe we
should hear that's not in love with you
there's books everywhere goosebumps I
got him you got him
sweet see even the fans buy their own
songs on iTunes
Rob Oh gentlemen this is my fullback
okay mr. ball I'm drunk he's getting the
ball on a draw so these two crisscross
he's gonna have to get this middle
linebacker she's gonna take to the
inside
that's what there's room here all right
he's gonna have to cut this guy at the
knees the ends gonna come quick he's
gonna fire down hard you want to stop
that in he's just gonna have to worry
about the strong safety here we're gonna
run him to the outside play stupid with
him we're gonna get him help guys don't
worry
good farted oh my god there's more bears
watch out for the bear watch out far out
we're having a new rule called lights
out at least for an hour and a half
basically it's just going to be a nap
time
a giant band yeah Dennett death tire
repair most exciting thing in the world
preparing a tire this low this is stupid
this is the second time we've had to do
this on this stupid car
are you stupid thing actually I guess I
should have said that my dad is the tire
repair lady because he's the one who's
gonna do it
repair lady yeah cuz I said I was gonna
do it but you're probably gonna do it
okay um that is a legit like screw like
you can just unscrew that with a
Phillips head oh my god that's sucks
how did that even happen oh my god I
just got a text message from Charles and
we the Kings single is number 19 on
iTunes right now I am I'm
myself right now
so cool I just wanted to say a big
congratulations to the boys and
everybody who helped them work on that
album boyceavenue helped Charles record
and they've just been supportive through
the whole process it's like amazing none
of this stuff would be possible without
all the really great friends of we the
Kings and of personally and it's just so
so cool to have people come together to
make art to make music and be creative
and that's what the friggin Internet is
about it's about bringing people
together and I'm getting off on a crazy
tangent but it makes it really emotional
I get really excited but seriously it's
really cool I am I'm very very happy for
them so we're having a little percussion
session and I just remembered that
Jessie can whistle super loudly do it if
you do no yes do it right here I wanted
to be ear-piercing for the viewers I
can't wait I think they go okay that's
amazing yeah I I always wish that I just
a Toria so I've crapped on my teeth I
always wish that I could whistle like
that and I can't okay so that's my
question to you guys can you do that
whistle and if you can how did you learn
it because I always try to learn it I
can never do it that's like the world's
loudest whistle next time you see her in
a video yeah in a video it'll be the
exact same
like this expensive like right now we
sit at number 12
that's right number 12 on the iTunes
charts number 2 in tonight's not even
over is this is really we're going out
to celebrate right now talk to him
the Baris letting us take a photo on the
bar
alright guys so I just took a shower and
I just checked the charts and we just
hit the top 9 and I just I have to say
thank you to everybody Shay Jessi every
single one of my friends on YouTube my
family members every one of you guys to
CTFxC for pushing this thing and making
sure everyone knew about it because it
really honestly is we have no support on
this this was just us going like you
know what we're gonna release it by
ourselves if you haven't gotten the song
just click right here on the screen if
you're on like a mobile or someone is in
the description right there download the
song right now I think there's a glitch
so it might be 29 cents or 69 cents ride
the glitch just take advantage of the
glitch we don't care
so check it out links down in the
description tomorrow's gonna be a great
day Shay's coming out restive Cory and
their apprentice a production they will
be filming for the documentary at the
live show it'll be with the kings and
all that fun stuff but I had to go to
bed I'm gonna wake up in like three
hours and fly to Jersey back you've been
actually kind of funny back to Jersey
I'll see you guys tomorrow
yes
giddy with y'all trippin
with charity
