so I still got the horn coming to my
face so I'm having a headache cover it
up and make up
I call it a stress pimple or travel
pimple you get those you get travel
pimples when you're stressed out from
traveling faces travel faces wan to a
prank
this is involved we're uh oh yeah he
does get a little ears yeah so we're
getting ready to do a prank in downtown
Philly with everybody I mean we have
everything right might as well we're
just trying to figure out how to do this
without getting arrested
haha hilarious dude you just wait till
you guys see this you'll be pro alright
ready
I feel like that's like what you do in
the 20s it's like with a stick Oh grope
rope rope rope got a five-pound wrote
all right this looks white boy we got
American rope this looks this is yeah
that's
oh yeah that's cliche too and I wanted
to take a look now that I think yeah
Charles is our official rope measurer I
think that's funny you're not gonna be
able to run it's gonna we're gonna hop
you shouldn't cut it off right there
time-lapses no you didn't ha ha is that
how much we remove one other foot that
was several feet but so is this gonna be
enough to tie them up you looking a
little sleepy honey Simon there's no
knife there where the Liberty Bell is
and all that stuff so we figured this is
the best place to do our prank you know
like if they tell us we can't do it
because like it's America right so we're
playing a game in the internet noticin
will we get arrested you tell me the
conference buho when we drop somebody
off they're like a random person will
pull the hood off okay here's the
scenario we're dropping cuz like this is
behind the scenes so we can tell it's
gonna yeah okay so we're doing a reverse
kidnapping you've seen bands pull up
grab somebody throw them in the van take
off we're gonna roll up drop somebody
off it has a hood on that's tied up we
got all that rope that we got tied up
like this we're gonna drop them out
throw them on the stereo off in the van
we want to know if you think there will
be people on the street that will grab
the head thing and pull it off or if
people just like you say no I think snow
I think I think people are gonna take it
off some people out there will ya good
Samaritans out there the world it's a
prank and a social experiment all in one
really for the college that we're going
to that's our excuse
jingis with a gopro there yeah I think
that's a good spot and then just you
don't think we will see it though
well we're thinking that's less obvious
and on the van on the side of what about
like somewhere like good it looked a
little too much rope we got but I think
they'll still look good never enough oh
my god I'm really tied up right now
you're so shady looking right now as I
had the hoodie age all right let's go
all right let's get in the band that's
the actual prank Jesse she's a hack
sorry so shared I are pretty much gonna
dump Jesse off first
we're the kidnappers yes and Ally's
going to hide over here and record it
good luck Corrado we'll do it don't go I
know one to ten scale how hips various
alleys and charge is behind the scenes
everybody's out hey getting Mike Devon
interested you know our bank account
number bail bond right yeah 1-800 bail
bonds what you did girl any some battery
all right you're nervous don't say that
Oh another thing that I'm nervous about
is like if I'm not nervous about
anything other than like getting
arrested getting shot put my will lay
you down song girls will lay you down
sup here we go dude this is it it's
happening alright in the comments below
who gets arrested first go go go go
all right go go go bye share I like the
little cake of yeah oh my god there are
little girls like freaking out right now
the best part is that there was a cop
two cars ahead I didn't even see it in
theaters even though this is what I'm
saying we all we didn't have a back-up
plan so who's gonna help Jesse and where
are they gonna go this is reset number
kill
false alarm Oh blame login yeah did you
see that lady so if we pulled two or
three of them so far we have to move
locations and look we have our first row
Kevin II maybe we should all good Gina
wants to be the sequel to fighting wars
didn't you want to do it
Jesse's going to open the door and
pretend and then chasing a pullback in
us is angry anger best tell me the real
boss hey get it get it
that's dangerous there's ladies'll thing
in this corner of the restaurant they're
all turned around you jaw drop freaking
out that's so funny
other stories already who I tied you
young man shit she knows she sees the
camera now we've transitioned over to
the more serious kidnapping scenario
Gina is going to be the victim this time
so we're gonna have like I'm where Gina
being chased around the car by like two
huge dudes and there's gonna be some
uproar insanely not a good idea
we know guys gonna smile making phone
calls letting us know what's going on
and we got calls coming in from
everybody all right yeah really
so happens what what what it later the
lights behind you
we are currently talking with the police
officers because they stopped us that's
a wrap
right well the police were involved no
shot outside of Philadelphia police
pursue for not arresting a hammer I
really it was like look I yell at you
for this business but tell us next time
so if anyone in the comments guessed
we'd get caught but not arrested you
were right the rockness coffee sir sir
could you please get off rocky sir
Tim one oh yeah yeah so just what's
making cooler than you guys just like
job into the thing like you really I
really is gonna go flying four dudes are
gonna go down with the thought you know
I'll running cops all day would be a
tiring tiring task
I saw stuff that you're head of my
business
was awesome it was adrenaline rush hable
you just have to see the prank video on
prank vs. prank hopefully we have by the
end of this video but you'll see the
cops swarming in and everything when Ali
ordered his dessert she orders dessert
hey guys hey watch out I know watch out
sometimes I'll talk to you about I'm
very excited okay well photo we're
pregnant
I love I just got off the phone with
Travis the new single is out right now
just keep breathing this song I've had a
preview probably one of the best songs I
don't want se ever heard in my life it
alley under 20 you have a 20 I got a get
the change money no Connolly go get it
on the top list of the first 20 people
to download it Shay's gonna buy you the
song for free what here's the kicker
about the whole thing we worked it out
we're releasing this song completely
honor by ourselves we're releasing it
now for you guys and here's the thing
we're going to do 69 cents for the first
week and basically honestly it's like a
like and if you buy a good a ShamWow for
free in all honesty uh we worked really
hard on this song is the first song that
I'm actually releasing as a member we
the kings so to ally and I it's really
like means a lot and here's the here's
the kicker if you guys make this song
chart it's it's not us it's you guys
doing it so we wanted to release this
for you guys its first week links links
down there looks like the apprentice a
guys are going to New York we're gonna
phone you it show yeah they're going to
Jersey it's our last night with these
guys
let us invade their house PvP son know
if you have you be peeps out there I
want to see we the kings on the charts
on iTunes hi-yah
yo handerpants you guys have the control
of doing this yeah she's awesome
oh yeah whoa right now down look I gotta
go okay I'll see you guys tomorrow have
a great night links down there in
description okay
it's hardly wait
hey where's ePSXe
giddy with child tripping
yes with trusted in Harry
