very first thing Marly does in the
morning go sniff around for some food
it's literally 5:40 in the morning and I
caught Marly out in the kitchen digging
underneath all the little cabinets to
try and find crumbs 5:45 in the morning
stocks already starting 24-hour job
right by me oh you guys ready to go hang
out with Lauren and Dennis so while
we're gone this week you gonna be good
or like no I'm probably gonna do
something really bad you ready to go you
want to go well I'll get my backpack
can't see anything that's the landing
thing oh geez it's freaky
looks like they revamp the airport so
we're gonna make some man or lady a very
happy person
because I got bumped up on both my
flights and that's what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna offer them my seat so I can
sit next to this one so we're gonna
we're gonna make some common points you
want the first one I'll take the second
leg you get you get the lanta one I want
the Jersey one
and pump it Hallie's got a window seat
right and so that means I'm gonna put
give a first class upgrade to a guy or
girl in middle very nice little old the
lotto ticket yeah that's the jackpot
okay so I'm kind of being a brat I just
realized that I switched the upgrade to
sit in the middle seat everything
Follette me know that I was gonna be
so there's this really I just sat down
there's this really really hot girl
that's right next to me like try to like
you listen from tunes so out of sheer
just have it a Pelican case came because
we always travel in rocket or Pelican
case came out and I grabbed it I took it
off the carousel needless to say the
owner was not pleased with my attempted
stealing of his his case
now that coffee coffee coffee coffee
coffee coffee coffee coffee well fancy
seeing you here
Hey Oh see think we're just stalking
each other right now so Jesse take you
on a wall I'll run what did I get you at
the wall wine jeez got a signal is that
almost blasphemous just to get a sitter
got a shouty no I will I will get a
meatball
Nayla which what are you gonna attack
first of the world here at the prank
we're spring they're doing dishes
they're always working constantly
cleaning constantly doing something
Corey Vidal is vlogging and a chair laws
are here
Ali's vlogging with my camera
Philadelphia I landed in Philadelphia
that's right I know where you guys are
at what's up get though come on Shay
show me what you had it where dude show
me what you're working with
show me what you edit what this is a I'm
not sure if you've heard it before it's
a very high class I honestly wish I had
it
it's called iMovie oh six HD HD it came
out seven years ago so we're all
basically just crashing right now
I totally crashed I was the last one
oh it's how we do it
soz Ally getting an assistant director
Ally is gonna direct to this interview
alright don't screw it up that that's
like gold that's the day corner yeah
maybe we'll insert maple syrup in
particular all Canadians do so we got a
nice little party bus going on we're
going to go see Jurassic Park 3d have
you seen Jurassic Park what are you
excited it's really excited I've never
seen it ever in theaters
one by one like clowns in a car excuse
me ma'am
excuse me ma'am we're gonna go see dress
park you ready crowd I I'm so sorry
pretty pump it out the music is gonna be
amazing
I just found out this is IMAX 3d hey fun
fact I was a IMAX projectionist just
before YouTube actually during the
process of YouTube I was a
projectionists I think a lot of you guys
already knew that but I did regular
35-millimeter and then I did IMAX and
that's where I had all the time in
college to edit my videos alright I'm
ready for some dressing park now whoa
this is the best 3d glasses I've ever
seen in my life everything's just so 3d
right now
hirato Wow whoa guys a little too much
there it is it's a secret special event
they don't know what's in there
only we know wait where is it it's a
secret way I always associate these with
the earth okay no filming in the theater
though so I got it I can't let you guys
in there oh but would you think it was
your first time bananas and you have to
hunt Jessie
Oh
magic song bad things I've done that
actually so I'm gonna send this ish a
careful Sam she might smack you
I hear you like the Internet I actually
started on YouTube as a dancer I know I
remember that very long time ago and we
never so we were just talking about how
awful both of our bodies and how much
don't you also we've lost that's such an
old lady stretch all of the things like
we can't do anymore shake um before here
did that yeah lines up with uh watch the
cat I'm listening to we the kings new
single right now you guys are going to
freaking love this
no I love because it's like trying to
focus on Al Pacino's face as well as
your face hey I'm vlogging here down the
side do they know the name of it without
yeah do you guys gotta check this out
Jesse and Corey have already heard it my
new ID I picked what single is coming
out for it's true I picked it you get a
mani pedi cherry petals gonna tackle you
hardly his feet are like a little bit
ticklish
oh yeah I just wanna see you tomorrow
Thank You Cory
duh
were say psst
with children
merci
with trip in early
