so Charles is asking me where I left my
camera and he's making me feel like I
lost it and I feel really bad and it's
April Fool's Day so I'm wondering if you
stole my camera up wrong you're lying
about it promise want to go for a run
mistake come on mark let's go for a run
leave the Ducks alone Marley little punk
so I was running look what I found it is
ice it looks alive
what's the carrot what's the carrot
twirl for a carrot we can't really do it
here Kenya breakdance for a carrot
breakdance for Carrie hey okay it's
healthy no I don't want carrots I don't
like them you eating carrots is probably
the goofiest thing so Allie and I leave
to go to New Jersey tomorrow we're gonna
go hang out with Jesse and Jeana but I
also have a show Friday and Saturday I
think we're playing Cedar Rapids Iowa
and then Mahwah New Jersey or something
on the 5th and the 6th so I have to meet
up with the guys and give them some
equipment because I uh I will not be
taking that on vacation you know what
what to do I haven't done this in a
while I'm gonna set up a camera to make
sure you guys don't do anything bad but
to make it a little more interesting I'm
gonna take some cookies I'm gonna put it
on the table and I'm gonna trust you not
to get them okay
so in the comments below tell me yes the
cookies will still be there or no the
cookies will not be there we did this in
the car a while ago and you guys
suggested that I put a camera on this
time so all right Marley all right
moment of truth moment of truth are the
cookies there oh what a surprise
Oh let's cut to the foot off what really
somebody came and stole really
Wow
I don't believe that I think you're
telling it no you're lying
no Marley you're a liar I have I have
the camera footage I yeah you didn't
know the camera was going huh nope
you're in this house I'm allowed to
record it it's okay I kind of set you up
she's like I I didn't do it I didn't do
it it was all her look at the camera
look at the footage all right
Tamara look at the footage I'm uh
want to come get a mani-pedi I'm gonna
go have fun you go smell toxic fumes oh
haha that's horrible and true I was
packing and Zoe Varley started freaking
out like as always at all you being all
sweet are you doing just hanging out
but they could tell that we are leaving
because we leave tomorrow for Jersey and
she saw me packing it so I know what I'm
gonna take her to the beach we'll let
her run around chase some seagulls one
Jason Crabb so a lot of people keep
asking me over and over again when the
guitar pick necklaces and the guitar
pick packs pick packs I wanted let you
guys know they're finished they we sent
them off to dftba they have them they
are finished and they will be coming out
I think next Friday so I think April
12th will be the release date of the pic
Nicholas's and the pic packs I wanted to
tell you guys a little bit more in
advance this time than last time because
you know that because they're handmade
they got their very limited supply so it
has to be the same thing as last time
was first come first serve but will be
April 12th the following Friday not this
Friday for the next next Friday here's
their back I had two things I'm copy
today
I just realized is April Fool's but I
just wanna assure you this is not a
trick Friday April 12th pick Nicholas's
in the pick the pick packs will be back
fresh pot hey windows where that's from
cool points for you
sassy petty sassy mammy sassy man we're
ridiculous anyhow I just got my nails
done because I was doing some yard work
and some weeding yesterday and one of my
nail polish like one of the gel polishes
just peeled off my entire nails well not
my nail but the color came up I can't
even explain what I'm talking about I
know it looks like the moon come on any
time now come on since we're going up
north I decided that it would probably
be best to absorb as much Sun as
possible and enjoy the beach before I
deal with more cold oh you've been busy
Marley this your new hole this is
probably like 2 or 3 feet deep it's at
least 2 Marlies ooh perfect timing
actually we can wait for the Sun to go
down is it cold
Oh God yep that's cold are you in there
no no no no look Zoe do what it do it's
all slimy eat it Marley its slimy and
gross hey I'm at all you have a little
bit on your face you have a little snake
right there that's so much here or here
but a little bit there yeah there you go
anywhere so it's right here look how
weird that is that's the Sun and it like
totally looks like the moon
we're in produce the action or the
welcome for a couple of thing my mom
pulled a couple games on it what
actually last night it was really funny
we were hanging out with Andrew and
Rachel and we went through every single
GI Joe PSA dub I love those I'm sure you
guys remember this because we started
talking about the bad lip breathing and
we started talking about all the funny
dubs that we could remember when we were
kids they're sick quit peeing on
everything and look at the damn stick in
my hand
huh
I got moves yeah artsy shot of Charles
walking this hand does it mean how does
it be more than just that oh that was
embarrassing
yep that's what I just tripped on never
look through the viewfinder in life guys
always use your ojos oh and apparently
I'm growing a horn on my forehead right
now I'm becoming a unicorn slowly geez
the colors are coming out like crazy
right now that is a beautiful sunset
let it be light without exploding my
face please okay thank you
that's much better I've always ever
since that day with a grill pretty much
tried to kill me I've been so fearful
McGinn chicken gonna make some chop ah
there we go let's make some
beer-battered chicken whoo are you
making sure I don't drop anything
just making sure yo what do you stand
right here literally standing right here
get off that bow guys it is time to go
to bed and I've been trying to figure
out how to say this to you guys like all
day and Kevin like I don't know like
delaying the inevitable and things like
that and actually I should get out Ali
come here are you ready to tell him no I
don't want to you don't want to do it
all right well we were waiting for the
movie come out to tell you about this
announcement and um kind of we got a cut
short you got to just kind of just tell
you guys right now official a video
about it but like it's just it's been
waiting on our minds and just basically
was gonna say today is the last day of
the vlogs we are we're stopping as a as
of today this will be the last video and
just it's like you know we we love you
guys we don't want to disappoint you
guys but like we've we've just been
doing it for a long time so it's time to
kind of hang up the camera so we just
wanted to say thank you guys for all the
awesome years and everything like that
so I guess we'll see you tomorrow
actually we won't see you tomorrow but
yeah all right bye guys
just kidding april fools why not stop it
we just wanted to play a joke on you
guys and uh I apologize it was all her
fault
it was all her fault her idea just
kidding with my own guys all right we'll
definitely see you guys tomorrow don't
worry they're not ending we'll see you
guys tomorrow
have a good night hope you guys didn't
get tricked too bad
it's a waiter
hey where's ePSXe
giddy with child trippy
with champion Ali don't forget so
anymore
