stop what you are doing now Internet the
following message is critical for the
fate of all human beings
hey you to go say bye go say bye so The
Apprentice a they're leaving for a
couple days but we're off the Jersey
we'll see him then so you're staying
here you're you can just do yeah I like
that
yeah yeah doo-wop but you can't look
like like a queen right now I like
mercury it's a lazy
squirrel friend just ran away you guys
were close though cute boys the pool mad
at me was she doing no there spiders in
there eh why why would you even tell me
that so that you know that you're
swimming with spiders I don't want to
why don't we just fill up they won't
hurt you though just fill it up with
dirt I don't want this pool for spiders
oh you can't spin this thing wait let me
try to bounce it to you we know how bad
of luck I have with this she just
dropped it off I got that on camera she
pushed her back in the water she just
dropped it off what hey one more chance
where'd you get the balls oh oh wait
turn around good girl oh oh you got it
good girl
nice job okay you need to take a break
now take a little break
just relax you got a drown yeah
I should be vlogging with my camera in
the pool like this that is disgusting to
do and Zoe helping good job Zoe keep
weeding we had to put Marley in there
cuz she had decided to run away for a
little bit keep doing it Zoe I'm editing
I can't I can't play right now I play it
all day you gonna try the wiggly chair
Oh up up did you get it you figured it
out now you're still kind of Wiggly so
it is Easter today and we figured that
you know we should go and get some East
candy now that's almost done because you
can always get the candy like the day
like later that day the day after
Halloween and Easter those are prime
candy shopping sprees just FYI if you
guys didn't know that you ma'am these
are cookies not candy no no we're gonna
go find cannon
they're gonna find candy then it'll find
candy we're gonna hide them that's more
yes yes somebody's been eating your
Oreos all the time I think we should dye
your hair red again yeah red Internet if
this video gets we're not no we're not
we're not doing it I'm not allowing that
alright so it looks like somebody had
the same idea we did it's all gone
alright so we're the fake eggs because
we haven't found any eggs a little snafu
if you will those plastic eggs are
usually everywhere I found a giant
plastic bins back yeah that's what
happens when you're old you get you get
you get like service tumblers and
they're KitchenAid stuff come on buddy
climb come on ha ha ha so celebrate
Easter we're gonna play a little game
guys we're gonna put some doggie treats
in here ok in the eggs and then you are
going to find them and hopefully you're
gonna find them all tonight so he'll
have its everywhere trying to find them
the super-secret Easter Bunny process
you guys aren't supposed to see this
part okay see somebody like that oh my
god funny that's what it's gonna be like
okay smell it yes if you remember as a
kid there was always one giant egg I
used to remember always flipping out and
have a competition with my sister
my sister I just have a lot of
competitions there was money in these
the big one my mom always mom and dad
put two so that one would be for
guessing big if it would if you found
two of them I would have to give it up
so this is the gauntlet because there's
not actually a hole in it
that's the big one okay Marley's just
like come on man look for all of them
then you keep the doggies well we need
to find some ears oh I wish we had
rather you should wear I couldn't find
the rabbit ears so you're going to be
the Easter jester the Easter jester now
has to go hide there wait wait though
you can't do that's cheating it's
cheating she's smart
oh nice nice you don't know which ones
real in the comments right now tell me
how many you think they're going to find
because I think they're going to find
maybe one if that one put one in the
tree pole yet though you're cheating
that's the easiest one she just opened
it by yourself no he's way too delicate
Wow I okay so if you guys guessed one
two three four so far you're you're
right well so far they've literally
found every single one of them well he's
just gonna follow you around now okay
where is it
consider given is too big for your mouth
whoa this is Ali's drug I don't know why
salt and vinegar chips this is what she
does my friend that I were a little
wasted put them in our teeth like this
and breathe in and it burns your throat
why aren't you there why deep deep
breath oh geez why would you it stings
right chip eating has never been this
fun do not choke on these chips and say
that we do I don't that would hurt
that'd be horrible
my wife is insane that's true don't ever
do that sleeping in and relaxing and
what is he doing behind me what is he
doing being really weird and creepy as
usual anyway today's secret phrase is
Charles as a creeper we hope you enjoyed
today's video and as always we'll see
you in a while
love you guys can i okay seriously stop
you're really freaking me out
it's hardly wait
where's baby at sex
giddy with child trippy
where's he at
it would be an ally
so anymore
