good morning right back in the airport
but this time this time we're heading
home which is well that's not right
that's right that's right
there's the fountain that's the Detroit
Ted right there for us what are you
listening to it's like open the door and
talk to the people and I heard you what
are you getting ready in the bathroom to
some way the goons time to go home oh
boy oh boy I woke up and I started doing
some dishes and I was standing in a
puddle of water and I opened the bottom
of my sink and my sink had like full
leaded the cabinetry underneath but
thank goodness Tim is actually fix-it
Felix and so he fixed it for me so we
just landed in Atlanta and we we don't
leave for like three more hours but I
just saw there's no 11:40 6 a.m. flight
gets us home three hours earlier and I
just switched so
all right we got Olly in the hot seat or
the interview looks good all right how
are you let me bring your ticket for you
sir he's back in the first class oh I'm
by the ships
it's been a while since I've actually
been able to do that
sup Ted
find him don't want to come you
but don't move this
that's pretty cool okay I'll stop
running
I'll stop running all right I know he's
a little jumpy huh what so they're going
to film Danny and I releasing the album
art and they're trying to make it look a
little cooler behind us
what are you Canadians doing in the
water
let's swim with everyone hey there we go
oh okay so Danny and I are posting the
cover art for the first time ever do you
want your suit okay ready share it
together and they're filming - ready one
two three
we just can't see each other out I think
you did it
cancel it do it again probably just goes
to take this is how you're supposed to
do it jeez Wow dragon go there we go
victorious dude I'm trying to get some
real cool karma points with the video
game merits on this interview okay this
right here something like that yeah
let's have a little sassy setup things
like just like a centimeter - just to
make sure it's in the show that no
smudges on the laptop no Marley is a
eyeing your pizza
she's locked out you don't eat it but
she's locked out so what you make in the
device makes cooking rice twice whose
knife I just don't like a curry yeah
we're just gonna turn the camera down
cause I'm actually recording right now
what are you doing so I really thought
it'd be funny to make a funny photo in
this situation it's sent to the inner
probe that just like that we're not sure
what we created
it's called cakes and chickens and
veggies Cory was trying to bring Zooey
in and then alex has pushed him in
alleys done it to me like I don't trust
you at all so what part of the
documentary is this and I'm just like
Corrado
what's good my computer and I walk in
immediately just stopped and like
looking at crew like what I figured
maybe like in a corner but now all right
okay
so this is what you're gonna see in the
movie zoey decided to do that instead hi
Internet this is this is behind the
scenes of our daily videos you guys
think it's just one camera but really we
just do this is a prop and then we
actually use these cameras the entire
crew follows us around everyday you know
what's going on with your face we are at
Wow
I'm just staring at you you and people
who look like you a bunch of nerds right
now you're playing on 3d ads I've never
played it against Marco really no
Melissa and Alli are both talking trash
to me listen doesn't remember our
childhood that I used to always win all
the time we're gonna put a B ultimate
test
Ali's always talk trash this is already
start trash I'm gonna put them I'm gonna
put them a rest
I just learned using one banana girl but
now you're open now oh they're both like
so intense because like words before we
begin going damn big brother this is
long time coming after I beat her I'm
gonna go beat my wife
well it sounds it was coming out of my
mouth I was like wait a minute okay
after I beat her in a video game I'm
going to beat my wife to the video game
okay Oh No
what are you guys are both of the grass
that's embarrassing all the trash that
you talk just look at the difference
between Mario and Yoshi who's bouncing
around if you have a younger sister you
know where I'm at right now
Charlie didn't want to admit this but
look at that you know what it was it's
because I got my girl Peach why spoke up
they always though is good it is what
did I hate you at try she with a green
turtle shell backward who does that this
girl there you go yeah she's better at
Mario she
you almost just ruined my entire day
just so close out that was good oh she's
back seeing you that was good everybody
runs so we're trying to do the rainbow
road glitch where you jump at the
beginning this is another glitch I felt
like you got it now though
oh look at that
he's so toad
it's hardly wait
worse yet
with y'all trippin
with Josephine early
