born in internet time to go to the
airport
have a good day don't fall asleep in the
car wake up so where are we going today
Detroit Detroit
I'm running my bar what are you doing
should the past like four days we're on
appointed themselves like the past like
week every time that she's doing
someone's makeup we're like hey what are
you doing
hey it's someone's makeup getting done
was just telling family she does not
take people very quickly like I I'm sure
you guys have seen in the vlogs like she
didn't even like dots have for like the
first probably three months that she
came over to my house and she was here
almost every day I hit with the doggy
it's a Canadian thing definitely
definitely immediately Oh syrup back to
Detroit so what are we supposed to do in
Detroit meditate and you get your fix
there and uh fuel
just got here we're at the University of
Michigan things the first time we played
here I think I'm playing with
hellogoodbye actually as well wait Danny
you still got your your wings on the
backpack that's so funny
like Germany all over again I know right
that's gonna be a cool show there Drock
always working and always always working
until like my my addiction is hit an
all-time level this is number two I
never do number two you got to as well
we can't tell if this is a bear or a
squirrel it goes blue closer look how
big that thing it is that chipmunk good
God you just eat your acorn Adam I fed
him you fed him see we the cakes most
pet friendly band uh Simple Minds
distracted by squirrels rolling away in
the grass like a total psycho now it's
our turn you know that little @reply
thing you know at Charles Trippy or at
we the dan or like at gmail.com what it
what is oh I'm sorry was there a plug in
there uh uh was that a shameless plug
what is that called the @ symbol like
you know like the and thing is called an
ampersand but we don't I genuinely if
you know what it is please tell me I
genuinely have no idea
and if you came to the show you are a
winner the glamorous job of a musician
cleaning the in ears and getting all the
gunk out
it's the mostest oh so I'm not making
their droppings it's therapeutic so do I
though all right dad is it the first
time you can say you've ever had your
makeup done professionally at all I
guess the blindfolded makeup challenge
wasn't around when my mom and dad first
started dating good luck you can look
fabulous
one more montage of Rihanna doing
someone's make so we just finally
finished a couple of interviews and
bended in there forever it's just such a
great community like like of all the
little communities on YouTube can you
see that that's like how many say how
many people just like like who were they
good soggy this is behind the scenes of
Danny
totally I guess do I get from third Rock
fix-it
restream look who we have the slow
turnaround I like it I like it here we
go here we go - cool - warm and confuse
me for a minute
like which I was a man I was warm but
now you're tough you are and if you push
this button I show up on the screen
because I'm we just wrapped on filling
my second interview I think I probably I
think I cried about four times four
times that guy four times something like
that did you guys say it feels like we
interviewed over hundred people other
than 30 people and no one has made me
cry I know I should be proud about it
not I'm super excited for you guys to
see this movie this is behind the scenes
of Danny's video this is me with no
broken fingers and wrists all stunts
performed by us no no it's a really
tackle you boy didn't record oh my god
let's get the audio for that one so if
you were wondering why I was just
tackling Danny you're gonna have to
watch it we just filmed i king's
carriage and actually it's on his
youtube channel you know / Danny Duncan
and so make sure to go watch that and
you can see why I tackled him on top of
that there is a special little surprise
in that video about what that video is
about so I just got an email and my name
is this vlog hopefully by the end of the
day I will be able to show you guys the
cover art from the new single fingers
box let me show you guys that so it will
be at the end of this video I really
hope it'll be done
whoa how do I get up here I didn't
realize that was walking upstairs
except I'm logging I have no idea where
I'm going so apparently there's a huge
Michigan game so blurryface came out
here and we are going to a place that
has like 50 or 60 or 70 or 80 or 150
types of beers it's pretty cool though
place apparently this is what we're
supposed to try oh bran
I like the Vanna White thing right there
this is just beer apparently
ready me Frankie kale
there we go there we go
Danny so we're just get done with the
show and I just checked my email and
Danny do you want to give the good news
we finally have the album art for the
single coming out okay ready ready do
the dance do the dance okay here it is
okay put it on the screen Alli put it
right now so this this is the new song
just keep breathing is going to be
available this coming week yes yes yes
so we just wanted to give you guys a
little taste of what it is they'll be
out next week and it's called just keep
breathing and we are so I just have to
show you guys like we were technically
supposed to do that but Travis isn't
around so the ending I felt like we can
sneak it in deal with it stupid a secret
if you got there Danny you want a beer
all you gotta do is touch random spots
we're gonna call the Koli closed there's
a random sir
we don't have any change sir I am going
to bed it has been a very long and a
little bit stressful
Fateh you know I just it's really hard
when he's not here it's like especially
you know for this last month we've been
pretty busy and it's just made me really
so much I'd miss him you know like being
around with me when he goes to play
shows even though was just for like one
day I miss him so incredibly much but I
know he has a blast so it's it's pretty
fun to see all the footage - of some of
the boys together hey a couple people
wanna say goodnight so I'm gonna let
that ball
see what you did
wait
yes
with trippy
Cinthia
with chakra theory
