good morning guys day 2 - I'm getting
old
I'm one foot in the grave here we got
one foot got done with the actually
sarin you want to be hotter blog so
thank you okay now I have a little add a
little bit of a day off or a couple
minutes we just got done with the panel
everyone's pretty sweet right now yeah
that's going oh this is a microphone if
you guys see this not to throw it and
Buckley through it yeah make it some ice
cream not anymore
this looks like a product placement for
coca-cola right now today's video
sponsored by coca-cola actually
seriously coca-cola please come on this
is the color I game-by-game color so I
got an 18 what did you just get so
you're basically supposed to find the
difference so it gets pretty easy and
then it gets kind of hard playing along
so quiet and so polite everyone's so
polite so this is a talented young lady
who makes these incredible incredible
pictures for us and is this all pencil
yes all pencil do you want to see what I
can draw not really draw it later so
beautiful isn't that
so this is Kelly and this is her older
sister was hard for people that come to
every show every gathering yeah and I
had to put him in I got a nice little
birthday gift farmer as well so I just
wanted to put her in what do you want to
say Kelly coming for you I heard what
you said earlier so I'll come back for a
minute you know it's really good at this
Callie I suppose yep totally missed that
you know you're still trying to get this
I can't believe I am too
it's like everyone's name like
you see those five hundred five hundred
names out here so this is from the CTFxC
18 enough group and they just gave these
beautiful a bit of awesome cards on
there's over 500 signatures of 500 names
on this list that wanted to say happy
birthday to char that's crazy
I hope you continue to inspire those who
even watch you and I know you've
inspired me personally
we're so incredibly proud of you and are
so happy that you make this is credible
happy birthday smile so they watching
you for the past I don't know what like
sounds like she doesn't well like you
know Brittany
Medus - I forget about the things that
we do we do a lot in here that's
incredible
I just I don't speechless that's you
guys are amazing amazing people always
tear up
happy birthday you're good man you guys
know I knew that was love obviously I
forget cuz watching the video I was he
getting so me thinking to the music that
it stops I'm like wow so like I honestly
yes thank you
hey cool a crying no but seriously okay
thank you guys so freaking much
obviously it affects me so thank you
guys again and then Ali and I I love you
guys Ali loves you and we appreciate you
guys so freaking lunch
yeah so we got all the family vloggers
we had : Katie
we got the Johnson family with Sly Fox
everyone's coming over we're gonna go
get some food at this I guess like a
British pub that looks British to me I
don't know
it's a pub we want to publish excuse me
sir Jeannie help sir children I'm the
only one color yes yes we're so good
Cullen is so classy tonight all games
perfect you're a natural baby a roll
tide roll tide everyone's now fans I got
your food you got the baby we got the
presidential motorcade going on
great way for me
Internet I just want to say thing I've
had a couple drinks first off so I say
thank you so much for a celebration of
your birth celebration okay so Jeff put
these in my my cardigan my cardigan so I
just want to say thank you so much I
love you guys so very much I'm so
thankful for you guys watching these
videos and for the fact that I've been
doing these for so long and sharing my
life with you guys than you sharing your
life with me I will say goodnight bye
that's amazing
