marlee you look professional are you the
interviewer today I'm gonna show you
what it looks like on the monitor oh my
god that would be really plain so this
is this is what Marly looks like on on
the movie camera looking good guys okay
you're doing a better job than I do you
having fun yeah I just interrupted
you're not a bad interviewee does she
suck yet govern with me on the golf cart
he's coming anyone coming oh we got
three large dudes on a golf cart I've
never done three three dudes on the golf
cart like this I'm hoping the hoping we
wake I don't think I'm about to charge
look at that blood all right
I had never heard of Publix before this
trip yeah because you guys have play
what do you guys have he knows the
Soviets porte√±os
and you don't have Piggly Wiggly up
there right you know comfortable
perfect they're trying to fix the
lighting I have to stand here like like
I don't know what like Cleopatra so John
and I got kicked out cuz Ali's right
they're family and still and they can
kind of hear us when you go to a movie
theater and you sneak food in which I
mean you shouldn't do and get this these
need to ship the potato chip bag and you
try not to make any noise but you fail
miserably every single time how many
times you cry you cried once I did not
think I was gonna get upset about go
tell him they have to watch the video
oh yeah if you want to see seek readily
once ever to Moorea and I was telling
them I'm really embarrassed so I feel
like I'm a super ugly crier on the big
screen like boys that you'll ever see
ugly cry oh that's a that's not like
that so we're now we're packing up we're
actually gonna go head to the location
where Ally and I got married thought
that would be a really cool location
since you know you know getting married
and things like that you know it's just
it's a little thing in life but if you
remember from last vlog that we tried to
go there it was closed we are they keep
our fingers crossed and maybe it'll be
open if not we're gonna have to jump the
gate and a little creative using this as
a mousetrap bug as I put my socks on
something I've ever showed you guys
Internet land do you put your right or
your left shoe on first what about you
you put your right or left shoe on first
I was going left to right is something I
don't think people think about what you
guys do left or right foot first
so put your shoes on you went left then
right I do it differently every time you
do that you really you take left than
right you do left and right left or
right right yeah it's open
now we hope there's no wedding oh now
there's Japan function no getting all
these Russian memories right now yes
what happened here yeah what else
happened here I tripped on the way up
the stairs when I was walking down the
aisle did you get married to somebody
did you get married to someone who'd get
married to some guy damn Charles yeah we
should I think I was a tiny little guy
yeah actually if you're new to the CTFxC
and you'd never saw our wedding video or
a wedding vlog I'll put a link down
there in the description you can you
know watch it because Corita steamed an
amazing video up so yeah watch those if
you guys are new in if you've been
watching the videos you watch the
original watch it again you know it's
fun it is crazy being back though you're
dressing right there yeah so the guy who
designed it built the house
yeah think you showed this you know he
didn't want me yeah I think you showed
this the blog door to nowhere so how's
it feel to be back in first time back in
little since we got married I feel like
that photo is a total blur like we don't
get to appreciate any of it remember you
like plan this amazing party that I
didn't even really attend hey good thing
we filmed it oh wow that did happen if
Anna comes out and I'll powder just
flies everywhere
yeah it is windy right oh look at this
of course it's all cleared out remember
all the crap we had to walk through to
get in here and Holly ripped her dress
getting through here and now look it's
completely cleared out right there now
there's like nothing we're gonna play
another game that's it which one now
well I can't sit here oh this car smells
like me guts they give one to the
Internet
there you go Internet I'll get for you
you got a snake over here son Sonny over
here oh yeah laying down the middle the
road in the morning there's no traffic
that's like going to Disney right you
never go there until your friends come
you sir are an a-hole why would people
do that I hate when people litter don't
litter a message brought to you by ally
we are going to play the game of icing
icing and Alex and I are the only two
here who know what this is the Canadians
apparently do not know what they're and
you hide it somewhere if you come across
it immediately it's immediately taken
Ian Chuck the entire the entire table
we're gonna hide in the toilet
oh god no they still have to do it it's
like oh I got ice and I have to drink
toilet toilet booze man the game is
going like back-to-back you guys nervous
now you got nervous
no so have you ever had your maker
professionally done I bet you have
before right yeah all those videos all
your videos you had it done two three or
four but you're such a good sport about
it how nice I was really happy when he
was like yeah I've done this before yes
dehr guy who drives with his turn signal
on for two miles then turns it off we
actually switches lanes you suck
you're right you ready for your big
debut wake up
you got such a dopey look on your face
now what are you staring at what she's
seeing that's like a dope I don't have
anything else that reflects guys hanging
out you actually said hey do you need to
do laundry oh yeah that'd be cool
he almost ran the wash with a bottle
like we would have her like come on dad
do Marta walk model wash dad is not a
sobriety test come on stretch stretch
that's your husband that's your husband
Bobby getting the royal treatment here
huh well let me see your hair look at
the camera I like it looks good you
should be a hairdresser
yeah but marley's right there just ready
to get more more hair on everybody Bob
is this the first time in front of the
camera like this I've been comfortable
all these all these people a lot of
embarrassing stuff oh that's awesome
the look on my mom's face right now
there's me to believe
two of the four pair this one was in the
shower
that's nice I was I was vulnerable and
like I was there by myself with this
bottle thinking am I supposed supposed
to do the nice alright guys well I gotta
jump in the shower and go to bed because
I have an early flight we're playing in
Ann Arbor Michigan University of
Michigan tomorrow secret phrase for
tonight Showtime alright see you
tomorrow Thanks
see what he did
yes
giddy with y'all trippin
with diannemurray don't forget so
anymore
