and so it begins so it begins having a
little meeting making sure that I have
enough light
we need a compass and we need to figure
out the direction of the Sun a straw
astrology ecology I think it's astrology
right know it or we don't know anything
look at all these little dress my little
ballerina your booty dance no no I want
to put it on you know did you already
find her yep you already found it didn't
you
more food to eat huh oh yeah geez top
drops that though you're trying to help
you need to get out the way way too much
just doctor yes she does just fell off
the tree so this is Dennis found this
alley look at this what is this a seat
from a giant tree for Mom where mom did
the half-marathon
alley just discovered it's one of the
little helicopter things where you throw
it mine was better
uh-huh do I want a cookie yes but I
don't want that one I want the raisin
one dear sir no you park like an asshole
so with all the amazing subs like
firehouse and pub subs and stuff alleys
favorite sandwich comes from her
childhood okay
one of her favorite go-to said with her
fallback sandwiches is a from a gas
station hmm the gas station sells looks
like a given that's good I ate a hole in
my belly I get my makeup on get per day
they get all party parties make it look
like a beautiful woman they're like I
had makeup on entirely the last few
videos of you putting makeup on me is
all right and the lipstick I got the
lipstick stuck on my lips I mean weird
of this makeup it's just to make him
look good on screen doesn't necessarily
mean we're gonna put a lot of makeup on
it right it's just so that what is on
camera they're doing color correcting
it's not usually the biggest problem
with me c'mon guys they don't have
really good skin correctly Arab
there we go my being is very important
and I was super impressed lay the robot
penis ah look at it's a I like to think
it's a Death Star oh you would you would
because they have daylight lights yeah
what they liked okay so we can use all
of our daily you got all kinds of
daylight guys but this house was so
tungsten and so orange and look yeah
really murky we sound really nerdy but
lighting reading is key daylight for
days guys chicken sandwich you look
really well it do it
yeah should I think that back then you
should look that you should look really
well horrible this looks really good I
can't tell you're wearing makeup you're
just you're a prettier version of
yourself I'm trying to be very casual
how's it going it tell us your deepest
darkest secrets and go you have to watch
I'm vlogging here Oh so apparently
there's an alligator I can't leave right
now
so Tim is going to take you guys on a
little ride to go look at it an
alligator down street
showed up and there's no Gator here but
my thoughts are that the Gator Oh focus
can we zoom in over there the Gator
probably like well I was just at Home
Depot a moment ago and they gave me some
trim because we ordered a new door and
apparently the way our door is
constructed is like really weird and the
measurements between the side light and
the actual door itself are completely
abnormal stuff is riveting guys like you
just wait till you get a house you're
gonna be picking trim that goes around a
door that you're never gonna look twice
at but it's something that you have to
decide when you put it and so uh and I
know nothing about this crap so they're
just trying to talk to the guy and he
was just explaining things about a mile
a minute and I didn't really know what
was going on but hopefully hopefully the
trim that I picked out is gonna work
I'll show you guys what you doing are
you editing and I did the thing you had
everything in your little ballerina suit
two compliments today they do eat steaks
over here this is what was talked about
yesterday drive failure Oh drive failure
Oh which one is it one two this one okay
we're gonna remove you we're gonna put a
brand you want in there all right it's
like delivering a baby but in Reverse
right slowly and so didn't know as
Canadians the best sushi we have ever
had will probably be worse than sushi
you have ever had because of your
relations let me see you're gonna I got
Star Wars chopsticks when a viewer at
Plato's live so I cleaned them and we're
ready it's like one of those things I
was telling I was like it's very hard to
talk about yourself for an hour and a
half I like I'm sitting you're like
thinking of myself I'm like shut up
Charles but I mean yeah I mean that's
just yeah I've seen core gourd
it's gonna come out really awesome
though we got like two more shots with
me and then three with Ali that my
parents and Justin Melissa to be a long
process I feel like you can't even
contain this little thing in here hold
on beach beach tonight there are at
least 45 people here who could answer
that question
the Canadians why are we gonna have the
trenches we'll run to the other one
Oh God I was really not going
I need I need an adult I need an adult
why did your deal I just found this on
our table oh god am i salsa I love
tomato soup love any kind of tomato
product but I will not eat raw tomato no
no no no no no no gosh a poutine
now we had to go back to her heart
attack hot dog to get a heart attack hot
dog good luck sir
we're good good luck sir the statue
looks really real
put down your Oreo your dramatic Oreo
dunking as she eats an Oreo all right
Shawn your turn
watch it no I think those shoes are
appropriate out korie's apparently not
feeling well just sore throat is that
happening yeah I'm sorry huh and you get
strep throat pretty bad but he does get
it we want to make sure that doesn't
happen so I am making like a ghetto
version of a hot toddy um so we're doing
some whisking some honey not an Oreo but
a lemon just heat it up the whiskey had
some honey in it and then just put a few
drops of lemon to sort of cut it and all
those things sort of have been through
them to assist in like a like a sore
throat
situations Molly is being a complete
jerk right now
are you ashamed she goes we're gonna
play a game before we end the vlog
tonight okay you're gonna tell me the
actor that Shawn is about to impersonate
well there's still decorations in pants
it's a movie tell me in the comments
I'll see you guys tomorrow
have a good night
yes
with trippy
the
it would be an ally
