we are going to Universal today she's
never been
I know it's called Wizarding World of
Harry Potter but I call it Harry Potter
world we're gonna go there and she's
gonna drink copious amounts of butter
beer and I think we're gonna meet up
with the apprentice a guys because
they've never been a Universal either
and they are they're already there
actually we're running a little bit late
and we had to kind of take care
everything in the hotel but Charles went
home if she wanted to be with the
girlies and he had some stuff to take
care of we are gonna go and have a blast
and tear it up at Universal but right
now we're kind of lost
we were driving we're just a turn
somewhere I just spit at the camera do
you see that we were driving we were
supposed to turn somewhere I missed my
turn we got on i-4 for like five seconds
and then we ended up at the turn
yesterday yeah I don't know what the
hell is going on so I'm gonna put you
guys down actually so I can get unlost
it's embarrassingly enough 3 p.m. and I
just woke up like I sense that
embarrassingly woke up so late I'm
rushing to get the vlog up so it's up by
3:30 and so he just wants to play come
on dude you're home we got to get
attention again you give up already it's
not so much that playlist was exhausting
it was like you know having to get on a
plane travel play show come back then do
playlist and it was just a crazy weekend
definitely a week and I would not trade
for anything but I definitely needed
that sleep which makes me very happy
that I came home instead of going to
Universal because I would not have would
not have survived that one okay we are
about to enter the Wizarding World of
Harry Potter in a couple minutes here
mom is freaking out are you excited are
you excited are you excited for
something well yeah you know what we're
gonna have butter beer we know this
and since my friend works here I know
like a little bit of trippin about it
and there are movie there are actual
items from the movies hidden in Harry
Potter world in the park so I'll tell
you guys that oh you're not gonna cry I
cried the first time okay
she's getting a motion I'll get the
cleanse then this cool TV good that one
of the first times I came here there
weren't a lot of people so wasn't I
guess but this is really it boy this
early do you know what this le do not
ignore the Zoey do your let's go let's
go let's go I I don't know how I've
never noticed this very randomly on the
beach freakin cactus randomly it was on
the beach no other cat died around
hogsheads heaven okay your very first
butterbeer try it
that's really good
my god so sweet creamy it's primo it's
so I'm eating a salad
sighs gross anyway we're at the Three
Broomsticks and look a lot you smell he
was so awesome he's a viewer so cool
there's another girl in here too but she
didn't want to get in trouble for me
blocking her but we're just sneaking
the only thing you want to say to the
Internet I love Ali trippy NCT FX and I
hope to see her again cuz I work here
the students are at work here Somerset
holidays nice so cool appreciate you
that's a really nice hat and she stopped
my son go go go
what did you bring me brought me a fish
I don't want that you should meet is
either very sweet of you though come on
let's go leave the fish leave the pit
leave Marley drop the fish well drop the
fish thank you let's go oh don't mind me
Marley sparing your feet you're stuck
nailed it
she's gonna get nailed what's in there
what's in there
I think there's my there might be the
present I made by our present back did
you find it whether I want candy oh
we're really not supposed to go in here
what's this it's a squirrel
Oh mother I'll take that all right
turkeys I gotta go get food there's no
food here so you're gonna be good you're
not gonna destroy anything okay so you
know our problem this is ridiculously
good
no way
oh my gosh that's crazy oh my god okay
that's ridiculous
this is just quarry camp she's gonna
fall over enjoy stops
so I got some deliciousness and I just
got a phone call from Travis and I have
some good news for you guys we are gonna
be releasing one brand new song from the
new album in the next week or so
yeah finally it begins we're not exactly
sure the date right now
so make sure to keep watching the vlogs
and follow us on Twitter and just
keeping an eye out because the first new
song is going to be released
I am beyond excited you have no idea how
excited I am
so no more teasing we're finally gonna
start releasing stuff
that's my chicken quarry and the rest of
the apprentice a team we're gonna be
heading over here tomorrow because
they're gonna be shooting the
documentary with Ali and myself so I
thought you know maybe I should probably
clean up a little bit it's a pretty cool
it's pretty empty I got it pretty clean
but you know so I should probably just a
little bit it's the broken 3ds that
during the pool what should I do with
this I don't want this throw it away so
we have like in contest and maybe give
it away to one maybe Al and I are signs
or something like that and then give it
away maybe you guys can fix it I don't
know it's and tell me some contest ideas
in the comments and uh you guys wanna
keep it away here's the sitch it is
currently 2:00 in the morning
I know it's technically tomorrow's vlog
but I didn't want to make Charles get
all confused having to that this
together
- ending this video today so I'm trying
to make it simple for him but still not
ending today yeah Legolas is still going
on trying to find ways trying to stay
away we're kind of like trying to keep
each other entertained I'm not like
passing out behind the wheel that's
unsafe really yeah we're like where's
like a mentally exhausting I'm totally
not filming you you can go back to bed
you either well it's time to go to bed I
kind of stubbed my toe
you know that that really annoying thing
where you're like kind of walking by
something and then you just kind of nail
it just just right just right they hit
the weakest part of your like entire
foot so I just took the alley she's
gonna be home in about three hours which
means I would probably be long asleep
and I will see you guys tomorrow
tomorrow we actually a documentary we
start doing the documentary tomorrow my
foot still hurts good night guys if you
haven't subscribed you can click the
button at the end of the video you're
like how I hopped
which all tripping
Trippi an early don't forget
