holy crap crazy it has been absolutely
crazy today usually like historically
Sundays usually a little bit more calmer
I don't know
today's Sunday it's insane I have to go
get food cuz we have a big old seat big
old CTFxC meet up in like 20 minutes
if I don't eat I'm going to pass out and
that would be embarrassing or funny that
that definitely wouldn't be recorded no
one would ever put that on YouTube right
what do I want what do I want what do I
want toasted chicken
so the only restaurant that was near it
was this really fancy place I had to go
get a sandwich so hopefully I can we get
back
microwave this freedom tornado so I'm
drinking I've been drinking the energy
drink you probably use it's been really
drinking coffee which always makes a
hater
so this is gonna hold crap dude I fight
I'm on the phone with dad I'm like I
think I know the tornado oh my God look
at those dude their barrels blowing away
I always just wanted to scare you now
you're scaring me okay I'm not even
kidding I'm freaking out right now this
was like a movie I was on the phone all
of a sudden a wall of darkness came on
instantly it was so fast the rain just
blew in it was clear sky and in this in
one second I was like doctor going back
what it's randomly hailing I was
standing next the glass and the window
started whipping I had my hand against
the window and it started moving you're
freaking out I'm clearly a freak I don't
know yes it's the tornado come away the
tornado did you know there was a little
killing I I love weather alley is an
area why aren't you a meteorologist I
was he's a Stanford on the television
with a pencil I was on the floor I
starts oh you know each other story
banging on the glass okay utilitarian
I'm excited how many texts that Ally
just tells that story we have to rush
alright so Ali has to wear the onesie oh
what a cute kangaroo when did you have
the baby doesn't look like me at all
alright this is Nikki and what was your
name again okay this is Zoey Marly
dignified it looks like that's so the
true essence okay evil Marly sweet Moses
really good thank you
who would win in a battle dinosaur first
the kangaroo wait what does the kangaroo
make did I just stump everybody I don't
even know
we just googled it and we've Ally's
gonna demonstrate what a kangaroo okay
let's get your kangaroo thing and I was
going to give you the kangaroo noise
that what a kangaroo actually we have to
move like a kangaroo and do it
I'm done no come here
get a make the noises take the noises
you can't do it there's the noise think
about okay what was that when they itch
they're so cute
it's their bellies all the time
vulgar stop I'm gonna give you guys one
second to get this in the comments and
now I'm gonna tell you do you get it
Charles Cage the Elephant who did that
so a theme of playlists seems to be
Nicolas Cage everywhere so somebody gave
me this sticker and I decided to keep
him close to my heart at all times I
just thought it you know it's pretty
appropriate
let me see you a little tutus little
ballerinas nice hat
what's up - have you solved that have
you ever done it before yeah I've never
done it
have you ever done that maybe tard have
you ever done that no dude I'm not lying
I took stickers off when I was a kid I
used to rip them up now they're not
stickers now Logan did it creating some
art creating a bunch of art over here
cabbage cabbage cabbage cabbage
J eater cat go watch the new shades is
live now right we'll be live check it
out guys go subscribe go subscribe here
comes that food baby oh yeah oh there we
go
hair back everything so Justin and I are
decided we've decided that we were gonna
head back early we are literally partied
out Lauren and Ali are staying and I
think they're gonna do Universal Studios
tomorrow I plan on probably just
sleeping the playlist was amazing and I
kind of missed dogs
and I think Justin's pretty much partied
out I'm done everyone everyone is done I
was going to Harry Potter world drinker
butter beer butter beer we are topping
it with definitely not list is coming to
a close today unfortunately and we are
so tired we are so happy though it was
just an awesome experience to meet all
of you guys so don't add to the pool
even though the probably new couple
remains closed oh my god hi hi oh boy
that's a nice shot well that was that
was easy
come on like yeah go back home let's go
get your frisbee bring it with you come
on let's go get them
get get a long drive come on yay you
happy money we are looking forward to
having a bunch of people come and hang
out with us for the documentary because
I think Corey Vidal is like entire crew
of like 8,000 guys is gonna come and
hang out with us so that's gonna be
really fun
all right everybody be sure to subscribe
if you have not already and as always we
will see you tomorrow it's been an
absolutely amazing weekend playlist live
was awesome I won't actually in the
comments I want you guys to tell me your
favorite moment from playlist live this
year because every last year to be
honest I mean it was really rough for me
to go because I think it was like two
weeks after the surgery on my brain
noggin and so I was kind of out of it
and stuff so it was really good to get
to go and see everybody and be fully
healthy and everything so be sure to
tell me your favorite moment in the
comments and the secret phrase home
sweet home because it's good to be home
and hopefully Ally has a great day at
Universal and all that fun stuff
alright so playlists is it's over you
know sad but we have some people that
want to say bye and yeah I'll just send
it over now
tonight
wait
and worse yet
with child tripping
we're
with Gianelli don't forget
