good morning guys it is time to get on a
freaking airplane fun Orlando is like
bizzy's Airport I've ever seen right and
this is the fastest I've just gone
through security because I somehow I
don't know how it happened I got like
TSA PreCheck so I literally just don't
even have to take my shoes off with my
jacket I'll take my computer out get on
and in and out went through security I'm
not even exaggerating three minutes
otherwise they would have missed my
flight they know it's really funny about
the Orlando Airport everyone has a
Disney or make you ears or something
like that in the airport so I made it to
Atlanta now step one is to try to find
some coffee
otherwise I will not make it oh wait
there we go no the main terminal is it
far
the travel rate when I get offstage
hopefully I'm gonna make it
this is glamour here there he is Archer
do whatever it is that we're doing
that's when people really learn how to
make the most of it when they do you
have to animation well this makes me so
nervous like the worst handwriting
people excite my device oh okay now I
don't feel so bad
I just got to Atlanta meeting up with
Danny already met up with Scott to get
the kind of information he's setting up
everything so Danny I were trying to get
coffee and so he can you know continue
his collection of mugs looking for a big
cylinder like thing oh there it is
you're gonna have one yesterday che and
I had an epic checkup at checkers match
yeah at Cracker Barrel with the giant
ones that are sighs okay sorry Charles
is going to make Q epic music you know
sucks about the Internet I want a stupid
move
you don't I hate about the other you
want to edit undo right now so I'm gonna
look really dramatic and awesome you
know I thought that you're gonna be
stuck and I was going to be with you
double thing is you really upset
yourself
are you hungry yes I mean eat the camera
hold on let me blog these people look at
that sexy bald eagle
damn girl I'm loving your extension
school we need to do that more wrap it
up
sup nerd Rock are you good got mr.
O'Toole along sorry mr. mr. Stamos don't
think I want to put that in my ear right
now
get it Koli jeez okay I'm gonna start
with the Gouda so I'm formulating a game
plan right now so right after the show
grab my backpack I say bye to nerd Rock
right off the stairs and right out those
doors and get on the cab and make it
into the airport I have 20 minutes to
get to the airport after the show that's
awesome so I'm watching a video nerd
rock directed and it's actually pretty
amazing
you look in your looking there Koli
that's you're looking staying I'm like
it's funny I'll do the exact same thing
it's are looking stands right now
donar doc that was a good kick you're
right you got to make sure you sleep
tonight get all the energy out
just killing some time before the show
and it's actually kind of funny
young young Chuck came to say hi till we
the Kings say hi to us before the show
because he's from here in Atlanta great
guy super nice guy
swapping tore stories and stuff like
that hanging out and then I got an alert
on my phone saying the flight was to us
gonna be 60 minutes delayed which I
think might give me just enough time to
make the flight it's all working out I
pretty much got the whole room to myself
my mind
so just get done off the stage literally
no rock just gave me my backpack and I
believe it so I've always wanted to say
this how can I say to the airport and
step on it
yes yes I finally get to say actually
gonna make this flight all right so I'm
here and the pre-check is closed
oh I'm bleeding escalator just landed
and okay this is what Danny sends me
this is what I just missed worth it I'm
gonna still say it was worth it baby
freaking tiger really no random it says
random is like young John coming and
hanging out with us
baby tigers
you're not allowed to touch it otherwise
I'd be holding I'll grab my to playlist
live this took my drag on took my drink
she's sign opportunity why wives the
mine
ok so it's been about two years and he's
a little busy I'm gonna wait til around
enemies repeat in Jamaica is hampered
therefore different way
that sounds John oh okay tiny dancer
Bree chair we have a free chair matrix
just like you everyone's good upside
down all right matrix
he kept going beautiful sotvo
pala keep spinning okay so keep doing it
keep doing it so I made it back to
playlist I will see you guys there I am
so tired too fresh for today since I
missed the baby tiger
why not rawr that seems it seems pretty
apart
rawr or very little bit
worse yet
with child tripping
with trippy in early
