there's Justin's wake-up call what what
is this what is it called this is a
restaurant there's no food in there no
what we have to do we have to bring
everyone to the Cracker Barrel got to go
to the barrel point five seconds this is
actually looks like the offense that we
all at the band that we the kings photo
that's your favorite
welcome to Cracker Barrel where you play
games that were made in the 1600s okay
how do you play this when you do this
you take this with you now to play this
remember wait what do you got there
enjoyable experience put in your mouth
there's a lot of gum when you're in a
hurry and you have things that you have
to do and events that you need to get to
and people you need to see and talk with
there's nothing better to do than play
checkers when everybody's waiting for
you you will wait till I beat Charles
yeah
hey hey hey I think this is to go I'm on
the gibson bus and i just want to show
you guys this this is a tour bus okay
here's the back lounge okay then we go
here where the bunks usually but like
usually are there's actually a recording
studio built into the bus right here
it's cool and then you know three people
can sleep on it so this is the the day
before everyone's just kind of setting
everything up before the chaos ensues
hello serve God how's it going are you
gonna film some stuff oh the guy who is
the head honcho made this happen I
didn't want to see everything behind it
cuz I'm gonna call that look that is
pretty cool yeah look I found two lovely
ladies I told it was gonna walk next to
them because it made me look a lot
cooler yeah what up where's the cookies
anyone ever cookie
so many so okay now we gotta go find
Ally we're just kind of watering around
at the unicorn alright so somebody's dog
okay I'm gonna try and get Jessie to eat
then on camera what does it do
it's beeping at me he's taking your soul
yeah it's like every time I do it if you
were losing a year of your life every
single time and they want me to film it
I swear no no no he's not he wouldn't he
doesn't know how to do that wait so who
give him - I can't read am it you're not
gonna eat one she told me to do it for
you first and I failed the reaction are
you eating a dog cookie
oh you won
well dry though it's just really dry
right I was gonna wait for a moment to
see if no one would say it and of course
these two just jump right on it yeah you
know you have to sit there you can't no
this is my table only I can have this
one
you're terrible how many fingers am i
holding up now not my strong suit okay I
already screwed up twice tonight I was
like trying to organize rides and I do I
miscounted everybody I don't know why
they delegate tasks to me to vote I'm
getting ready for the party
hi Jo justice Harry wait where's James
Jesse James this is definitely not the
side of the door I wanna be Union I
gotta go oh my god is the drastic
difference watch this
so trusting so trusting I got a pretty
much ease myself a little bit because I
have to get on a flight a couple hours
so I'm like watching like in the corner
just like I would like the party to look
at you a little model where we do your
best duck face duck face I don't want ya
let me see the lipstick I want to put
our lipstick on it you look so pretty
Mellon great yeah yeah I mean thank you
but have you tried them they good you're
gonna be mad at me in a second party
time wait I think this is gold I think
there's a drink tickets
we found the camera don't run so I just
got back to the hotel took a shower
because I actually have a flight
tomorrow morning and then I'm gonna be
gone playing the show with me the Kings
and then I'm going to fly back that
night for the party and for Sunday for
the meetup because we have a CTFxC
meet-and-greet
I think I'm three P 3:30 p.m. with 3:00
p.m. on Sunday it's gonna be one of the
most product chaotic times at the
airport because I think I get done
playing at 8:45 I got to be on in a cab
by 8:50 to get to a 9:50 flight instead
of a secret phrase today and just wish
me luck in the comments everyone nothing
you know what everyone right fingers
crossed that I make every one of these
flights and I'm back in time because so
far it's been amazing and as you as UCF
seen alright so I'm switching to blurry
drunk vision and you can see the rest of
the party that Ally's filming alright
guys I'll see you over there
psst
it's all trippy
with trip in early
