good morning Internet Marlee and I are
trying to wake up Allie so we can go to
playlist get it mama
wake her up to get up somewhere here we
go we have to go to playlist come on
tell it now to begin the packing process
Martha you want to hop in there
how about use those up I'm gonna hop in
how do you just put two and two together
like luggage and easy leaves I'm angry
with you sir
don't look at me well don't look at him
that goes OE decals up my right did you
just pull the grass the tree give you
another present
oh so ferocious up okay I'm sorry
what was it filming no Marley apparently
can I go back to filming her please
can that Marley you always have to be in
the shot I think she's on the squirrel
patch or something she's not moving how
much we can put on your head but as you
even noticing one suitcase that's all
you have you're the whole bag for a
whole bag
that's all shoes this is a fun time for
me because I don't have to go on an
airplane so like yeah don't bring 8
million things who cares I can't find my
travel bottles and we're already late so
we have to go so I'm putting my shampoo
in food containers little late start but
we are now on our way
- Orlando Florida force Leila's live and
Ally is currently editing a couple of
her videos for today and for - for
Monday right Monday don't get carsick
no after like forgotten every once in a
while
remember the other day I guess was like
yesterday or did couple days ago I was
talking about how I hated seizing and
driving a lot of you guys were ever
applying me like one of those random
weird facts apparently do you drive 70
miles an hour and you see the drive you
apparently drive 300 feet with your eyes
closed if sneezing and driving wasn't
already frightening enough now you had
in the back your head I hope all that
unity and Orlando yeah you ready for
this traffic
this the guys my whole tour was simple
plan last year yeah that wasn't really
fun I was a really fun tool yeah that
was super cool they wore them for such a
long time and I actually got to go to a
couple of the last shows and the guy
didn't do it I just watched you do it
this way like that so I'm sitting there
driving and I'm just like you know when
you can like picture things out of
clouds and stuff and like wow we're
certainly seeing those clouds are
actually making words I'm gonna make it
pretty
I'm gonna make a prediction that's gonna
say Jesus forgives for one second I
thought it said something about Jesus
and 4G and I was like oh that's kind of
cool I guess Jesus has an LTE phone but
now I think it's something here's like
the computer it tells you when the turn
is I'm not sure we should get it to say
CTFxC one time make it make it make it
and we have arrived nice we got a nice
little living room area
alright I am Number one you jump on the
bed bed test you're hiking up your pants
all right I like it mark what careful I
know mark get set go
just listen to this Street West Florida
600 East US 17 North US 441 north u.s.
nine to two East South Orange Blossom
Trail
I think we take a left here starting to
realize that I have a hard time no no
this is a serious moment
I was dancing with themself and well
Olga everyone I have a game something
like a challenge
cover your nose and your mouth and try
to go
for seven seconds so we gotta like enter
that way impossible you do what you have
to do mr. tribbey awesome a shot instead
of raiding the bar you know travelling
101 bring your own that way you don't
spend $50,000 playlist strategy number
one though VidCon strategy number
these aren't Jager bombs either called
your mom and then we're fast forwards at
the end of the night Hey no it's
spilling it's filled okay come on you
want one no I don't do this I forgot to
show you guys this if you ever don't
have just have your iPhone and you don't
have a radio just basically before and
after there you go just put in a solo
cup until somebody accidentally pours it
into the rough but just wanted to show
you guys that do we ever know oh my god
there's a slide there's this like you've
been watching our feud that been having
on Instagram he's always thinking sure
photos with shirts off I purposely was
like you know what there's trial
just for you
we're trying to start up are we the
kings day storm tour yeah so awesome
we're merging are when that cross along
with merging is one giant band and
boyceavenue as well he's busy right now
can I just nerd out first I can and tell
you one of the things that I'm most
excited about that I get to get a
million street passes from all the
people that I walk by that have a dirty
ass trying to find your 3ds I get throw
in the pool I like I'll just studious
you look right now so studious you're
way cooler now but then we go like this
oh yeah Disneyland or Disney one right
now but it's just you feel like you got
taller dude
exorcizamus a lot that finally met up
with my brother it's been two years
hasn't you in two years
Melissa say hi to your brother she's so
mad at me we haven't we haven't talked
in a long time
look at the face you're gonna fall
that's so slow you are such a bad leader
hey ma'am you could walk man circle do
not jump in there but Hyatt is that a
dumbest question I've ever asked is the
hot tub hot shut up I'm gonna push you
in there what are you doing how are you
doing
well it is day one oh no she stopped it
man what day one of playlist pregame can
you this camera I will see you guys
tomorrow by the way
ally and I have a meet up at 3:30 on
Sunday and Sunday so I will see his well
hey okay you know what the secret phrase
is pregame pregame pregame oh is that
how you knock yes security
merci psst
without Trippi
with grippy an ally don't forget to eat
