yeah like a bunch of monkeys like
growing her I was because you need to do
this to here and then this Claire yeah
she's the first time you've braided hair
geez then you do this one to there and
then you just wonder there this is what
Allie does every day while we wait are
you waiting are you waiting we're gonna
clean your breath later today
yeah that's wonderful um fall asleep
I'll see you later
I know I've told you guys this in the
past but I don't think I shared this
information with my wife I don't know if
you've ever had experienced this but
when you're running or jogging or doing
exercise and then you fart you know
one's ahead like so you're running and
then all of a sudden it's just and it's
just like a homemade nitrous boost you
don't name too fast too furious get it
goes farting and you're here rotting and
it's just like like Internet come on
back me up you fart when you fart in
rent ready for when you ran and you
farted was the first thing did you laugh
did you laugh and then at the same time
did you feel like you just gave yourself
a nitrous boost not because of the fart
because I'm like oh man I've been I need
to fart now I can run back hope we find
it where is it where's the Gulf jerky
know what there it is
know that we're not going in this golf
cart we're going in this culture come on
but I want to go in this one well there
we go
she figured it out Oh school Patrol no
joke don't know it's like oh my god oh
my god oh I do
this is your seatbelt thinking I tried
vlog get on the GoPro today that's not
me being you know like thinking outside
the box no that's just mean forgetting
to charge my other camera the car behind
me look at my giant head still in the
frame is that did you see all my head
because it's nothing sickening follow
the camera with your eyes only okay
excuse me are you guys looking at
another dog the dogs is way then what's
that over there what's that over there
behind you quick behind you every single
time I get a big salad I leave the
olives so Charles can you like the
airplane oh yeah
Marley is hunting birds now and you're
so weird
she's gone from squirrels the bird today
oh yeah I'll take that
he's so bold like does whatever she
wants
she's never fascinated by a little tiny
birds until now remember I guess it was
probably two or three months ago where
we had the prototypes of the Ora pup
basically did the dog tongue cleaner
they finally came out and they just sent
some to us right there and I'm gonna go
test them on the dogs
you guys ready look it's so cool it
looks just like the one for the people
okay you guys ready it's so cool because
like we got to see this like you know
the prototypes us up and now it's an
actual product oh you're writing your
board loosin stinky bacteria she got
offended are you offended come on we're
gonna make it better come in the
ultimate test Marlee go find some rabbit
poop go find some rabbit poop go eat
some poop beat bad dog breath without a
toothbrush this just proves that dogs
like this thing apply this to the flavor
the flavor bristles okay ready
allow dr. lick away bad breath when
finished rinse with water
she's going Kim's gonna give it to you
Oh get all that flavor in there oh yeah
how much this is a half it says though
put a half a teaspoon on it now you just
let her lick it go for Zoey good job
Zoey if you want to get your own or a
pup so you can clean your dog's breath
just go to or poop calm sauce CTFxC and
you can order it it comes with an or a
pup and then it actually comes with and
we've done it a long time ago and I
actually personally use these it's
called the Orabrush they're all over
YouTube but it's a tongue scraper for
humans one of these and then it comes
with two of those for yourself
Deepu puffs i smell test smell test
smell good it actually smells like
delicious beef stew beautiful high five
for clean breath yeah it links down
there in the video description and you
guys out in the CTFxC land can clean
your dog breath and your own breath as
well it seems like the only bad thing
about this thing is that the dogs just
don't want to stop they just want to
keep cleaning their breath like like
Marley let go like breakdance for clean
breath twirl Dora break its brick dance
what'd you do so you know how
girlfriends are a waterproof but only
with the case on them what did you do I
made a put the GoPro under running water
without a case what idiot
my wife is an idiot I put it in the
water just take the battery out yeah
think about it so Kim is now leaving us
Wow I could just imagine what Ally was
like a temper tantrum at age two so he's
looking at you like you're crazy
Zoe you can't be up there dude I was
just explaining this to someone at
Panera and they asked us if our dog was
timid we both look at each other like is
that a breed of dog you know if the
person was asking what her temperament
was like and I said no she's not timid
she's overly clingy she's literally on
only my legs she's this entire dog is
seated on my lap Joey we're gonna
prepare for playlist we gotta go get
some some adult beverages we hold the
booze palace so much stuff if there is a
fire what it just explode what just to
drink it I would rather put $130 in a
blender and put it my smoothie and there
that I feel like this is the appropriate
vision wait hold on I can't see I gotta
get closer look at that there now I can
see you go home Internet you're drunk
this is my impression of me at playlist
I feel like I'm a zombie or drunk and
that is what it's like to be drunk
appropriate no inappropriate I was gonna
say it looks like a genie bottle
tackiness ah I say do you concur do you
concur do you concur
I would excuse me the Charles get the
car go get your hair wet all right show
everyone I did a crazy man hairstyle for
deaf man I just made a huge cuz he
always was here to look at you didn't
have my camera going blurry every single
time I try to film it goes blurry
gearing up for playlist weekend we're
going tomorrow today if you're watching
this seriously cannot stop thinking
about it
so I cut Justin's hair for him and now
I'm tasked him with cleaning everything
out because I don't get to cut it and
clean up come on okay somebody is
officially spoiled can I can I have to
get the pillow up my impression of Ali I
have an old lady but we're pup guys gave
us 25% off I just found out probably 30
minutes ago so if you go to the or pop
website the link down there in the
description you get 25% off so I just
and then your puppies can I have a great
breath and then you can walk like I
don't walk like that I wanted to tell
you guys that today's secret phrase is
going to be to keenest since we found
that bottle of penis tequila look you
guys I'm gonna kick you in the butt
wait
yes
with y'all trippin
see
with trippy an early
