Oh guys you know what this means waffle
maker condiments for waffles we're
having hamburgers yeah I just thought it
felt like a waffle kind of day and then
Marley over here has been helping me
clean up everything I drew up right mark
you're such a good kitchen helper shake
on it shake shake yeah mmm yummy
get your mat you can't just go for it
just cuz it's a your life can't really
have a picnic with these two
it's like fight you think answer a
problem a picnic Wacka Wacka Wacka just
in case the strawberry falls Marly will
be there you want a diet young lady you
need to get these love handles gone
Mar Marly Marly Marly didn't even care
my name is Marley and I don't give a
 MA okay all right
she's tasted blood now it's never gonna
stop Marley Marley come on come on
she wants to play with the hoes I guess
it is the Marley show today geez
orange punch buggy no punches back guy
yeah so I was just updating my insurance
for my car and I was on the phone with
the insurance agent right I'm sitting
here waiting at a stoplight and some old
guy was backing up barely missed my car
by a half an inch to try to get out of
the red light the turn turn lane or
something to go into the green light I
was slamming on my horn the insurance
ladies like um everything okay that
would be considered irony being already
on the phone with your insurance agent
and somebody hits your car with that
that would be that would classify as
irony right
horrible horrible irony anyway the girls
are off getting their nails done and
I'll pampered they look all pretty for
playlist live which is this weekend
I'm pretty pumped for that naturally I
did not want to partake in that so you
know what I want to go to the beach it's
a beautiful day let's go to the beach
beautiful Sun relaxing no cellphones
it's gonna be a good relaxing time look
there's an alligator I always wonder
like ponds like this like why they even
have to say do not drink this water do
you guys want to drink this water
looking at this maybe I can get rid of
this blasted farmer's tan I worked for I
was totally good too well it's not our
beach today I don't know what it is
about the beach but every time it the
salt the water I don't know
second the first thing they do literally
Marly runs over here it just takes a
bagel who child√≠s hey well you guys
ready to leave come on let's go back to
the beach
let's go back to the beach geez look at
these waves come on Marley you don't
want to deal with the waves okay
wham I'm gonna get you tackled by way
now you look like a from coming to
America solo Kimberly and I just got our
nails done hey loves yours the beautiful
I got mine done for you know for
playlist just cuz I wanted to change the
color and do something a little bit
sassy I love doing stuff like that
before events it just makes it feel like
official and really fun I don't know it
was that weird him is freaking out right
now because she's trying to watch a
Georgia Tech baseball game and it's like
15 minutes past the Tigers would start
playing so the whole time we're sitting
in the nail salon the guy who bring my
nails thought she was crazy not like I
really care cuz I don't well I mean you
acting like you care
she's like oh alright I'll sit with you
Marley it wants nothing to do with these
waves good no no no what this watch when
the water comes up no no no all right so
let's all go ticket whit's let's go back
and do a little bit of slow motion and
they look at hot Zoe's ocean face
just so stoked to meet you guys I'm so
excited for playlist anyway the point
being I'm very excited for playlist for
a lot of reasons but the main two
reasons are to see my friends to see you
guys and viewers and then also to see my
friends who are other youtubers because
a lot of people you know we get to keep
in contact with them but we don't get to
see them very often because they're out
in LA a lot of them but the few East
Coasters left and like Buckley and there
are a few others but you know we we try
really hard to get together with people
as often as we can and it's really nice
to be at these events because we can see
everybody all in one place at one time
I'm really really excited for the
weekend
third please if you could just stand
there and not move sir sir did you
please go back
sorry barley good god what is happening
what is it what is happening
see you face this that means this yep
that's a that's a sandy face there now
you both a little bit tired now it's
time for the relaxing bit of the UH the
afternoon for the book tired just
hanging out next to me I don't have to
chase them around for 25 30 minutes
but what are you doing are you tanning
right now trying to get your belly all
tan so I just stopped at Danny's house
and apparently we the Kings won a what
is this a Libya award do you know about
this so thank you to all the we the King
fans that's pretty cool though it's good
little bunny rabbit and everything
should have Elvis on there right it'd be
pretty sick oh yeah Oh seriously
sneezing and driving is one of those
terrifying things on this planet I hate
it I hate it so bad so I got home and I
was telling Ally about how I really hate
seizing a driving house always terrify
again then I got to remembering in 2008
I made this really cheesy video when I
was just starting to make videos and I
shouldn't even tell you guys this
because my hair is awful it's cheesy and
I just started but if you guys want to
see it it's from 2008 it's on my Charles
Trippy channel I'll put a link down
there in the description and you can
make fun of my hair it's okay you can
make fun of my hair but I just thought
it was funny that I've made a video
about it and I completely forgot about
it I mean those were just skits now
think about all these daily videos help
me what are we on right now Oh Dom
starts down there it's like 14 14 20 or
something like that
that's so many videos oh no I just
wanted to give you guys something to
make fun of figured my hair was a good
target 13 stinks over here stingray
double-sided Scooby Snack yeah we pick a
hotel so we all went on to square one
for so oh my god I how did I like paying
the camera away right when you did that
that was an awful time so we are here
for Kim's last night in town it's so sad
but I just had to show you something
it's a sad event but this is gonna make
you guys really happy Nutella and peanut
butter milk shakes this is a triumph of
modern science do you guys see this this
is beautiful
you know what makes it better though
perfect because I'm contemplating what
I'm going to say because it's very
important I feel like with the James
Bond characters like who you like as
James Bond because I'm Pierce Brosnan no
that's what I'm saying
Daniel Craig is not like won me over yet
I feel like it's like the Pope it's like
one of those like it's James Bond is who
you grew up with so I grew up with
Pierce Brosnan like Daniel Craig Kemp
new guy yeah I'm not a big fan goldeneye
sold out set the standard yeah here's
the thing this is what I want to ask you
guys because there's I think our viewers
are a huge age demographic in the
comments I want you to tell me your
favorite bond and it's good some people
gonna say Roger Moore some people are
gonna say Pierce Brosnan somebody that I
was rather it's Robert Redford one
Robert Redford everyone say Ally doesn't
know who bond is Sarah in the comment we
have the Movie Club the CTX in Amman
Ali's channel I'm trying to think of a
really fun way we could do like a live
like show Movie Club thing but at the
same time it's gotta be really bad
movies like we do for everyone who's up
age we do a Nicholas Cage drinking game
for any time he does anything and then
it Cage and then we do a live show of
this so if you think we should do this
tell us in the comments and then you
could be out you could be under age but
you just drink apple juice or water or
something like that but I pretty well
actually no not not water because you
probably can like die from too much
water with some of these Nicolas Cage
ideas alright guys well it's time to go
to bed and I will see you guys tomorrow
bye guys
yes
with y'all trippin
with trippy an alley
