oh don't Beach oh it's gonna rain today
jeff goldblum I can see your brain feel
like I can see your brain in their
things oh he wants to go to the beach
again it's really kind of a boring day
guys I'm just gonna stay right here yeah
just trying to figure out what the where
I think you should wear this right now
yep you should wear that right now okay
you know what people have been asking
you to do like a closet tour you should
do that internet if you want Ali to do a
closet tour tell it tell her in the
comments right now
tell her what you should do that I don't
know give her ideas of what closet or
ease because we are noobs like yeah cuz
I mean I hear I mean the pretty
obviously self-explanatory one is I just
talked about was in my closet but I'm
not gonna go like this see what I mean
like I guess I could just you like my
favorite give her ideas ladies or
gentlemen so Ali and Kim and Lauren are
gonna go shopping and I I got out of it
yeah cuz I don't want to go to the mall
and okay so maybe it will take them to
take the bitches to the park or
something
what dope it's Molly hello Molly
I stretched before we go it's always
important to stretch who's this one oh
there she is
I love how Marley can just go underneath
Zoey it's just they're they're like the
perfect size they literally go up she
just goes right underneath her you have
one hey what's wrong a little park yeah
I wanna go to coffee and cookies coffee
and cookies
she's licking her chops well as you can
see the rain is not coming so sorry
girls
we're gonna have to take a rain check
it I feel like a meteorologist job is
just basically to flip a quarter like
every single day because like those
purse they'll be like gasps could be
awesome beautiful sunny then all of a
sudden rains but if they say it's rainy
then you prepare for the rain walk it
away right click around with an umbrella
all day I finally gonna walk around an
umbrella
I even had coffee yet what was it
talking about well it's raining so I had
that I got dragged along
were you looking all introspective out
there
oh here it takes I'm gonna name boys on
your skin poisoning
I'm going slap your tongue
oh you got your tongue Jim Barry you
asshole
yeah I'm put two together okay so when
you go to like the food court you know
like at the Chinese restaurants and
stuff like that they're always giving
you samples and shoving them down your
face type of thing I feel like those
people that do that and the people that
are at the perfume counter at like we
take some stuff are the same people they
either spray you with stuff or they
shoved Chinese food down your face so we
can capture let me see it's a near a
window dreamcatcher so right now we are
shopping to try to find Kim an outfit
for a job interview that she has on
Thursday and I think that she should
just get like a wedding / prom gown you
know what they're gonna say hey I like
this girl she's bold
I think that'll get you the job
Lord Lucy Kim Wow Kim is now 45 nice oh
yeah that's that's Thailand I don't
think this week doesn't even fit on my
head and now Charles and Kim both have
lice well what'd you get Ewing Why What
okay could I see you had those hats on
it looks like the 1930s I was gonna be
the archer thing oh hi the 1930s can we
have a VI planes catchphrases and
clothing back something like that
I didn't botch that point as badly as I
did the future I'm one remember when I
couldn't remember that close yeah I just
just standing there for like ten minutes
trying rember the punch line yesterday
we never did you know those are supposed
to be on your pants not on your ears
inappropriate is your water
Lauren forget your water can't be forgot
your water terrible posture
every single store same thing I sent
this to your dad Ali just make sure you
don't steal it or anything so we've been
pretty much shopping for hours now we
are waiting for Ali who is down there
trying stuff on and I've discovered an
new tool for my sanity that is basically
open up the Netflix app on my phone and
watch Archer in 30 rock
Netflix entertaining board husbands
while their wife shopped for years all
right smile I want to make your teeth
Sparkle you like blend in with the floor
where'd you go oh my god I answered the
phone and canvassed for you hello
hi does it I don't work here but this
was the fitting room I can go find
somebody for you if you like wrong
number
see that's a pretty little dress you
look like you can be like Tennessee her
what her Fanny what on earth I want to
leave I want to leave now
I think we found the perfect up and for
him to wear to her job interview that
way she looks like she's an escaped
convict trying to get a job so they
can't arrest her again although I don't
think that's how the justice system
works I'm making things up what she's
been arrested before no I'm so she has a
job and then they like protect her so
she can serve I don't know in what world
that would ever happen I don't think
that's the way that being arrested works
but I'm just making things up because
that's what I do right guys Internet
when you see this what cartoon from the
90s does it remind you I'm at a quiz
alley what cartoon from the 1990s does
this remind you of bugs but okay I'm
thinking a little bit something else a
little more modern
no guesses
lunch
she likes my cookie
it's a fucking name not bleeping it okay
so tonight I am taking over the kitchen
and making dinner because Charles always
makes dinner
I forgot chicken I was totally gonna
make chicken broccoli stir-fry for ya
fucking crazy instead of saying I say
fucking that's not your way that's
workaholic we have a nickname for
douchey people it's pretty funny and
like in the show they used like the
exact same joke that we used and it was
amazing I'm not gonna say what it is
because I don't want to offend anyone
with the actual name yesterday when I
gave Ali her wedgie there was a heated
conversation on who has it worse when
they get a wedgie
you guys have worse or do girls like I
don't know I probably guys I think guys
have it what do you can't what do you
think
it's to like I don't know dancers guys
guys yeah yeah he's right the answer is
always guys right Internet tell us in
the comments cuz I know I saw the
comments yesterday about like who had it
worse when I gave Ali or wedgie guys or
girls
you're being chef for our trippy okay or
that the new soy sauce instead bro could
gather perfect we replaced it so before
I go to bed I found this DVD at my
parents house and I have to show it to
you this is my dad with the Greg Allman
band sometime in the 80s
to that I say you had the better beer
dad why couldn't I have had that beard
jeez is that like only in the 80s did
you only get that beard hair in the
eighties all right I'll see you guys
tomorrow a great night good night
wait
worse yet sexy
with child tripping
it would be an alley
