all the people running the half marathon
finish we're waiting to see my mom this
is crazy these people are finishing 13.1
miles right now I like totally makes me
super emotional when I see runners
finishing race it's so awesome yeah
you're not wearing green oh that is BS
you know who's not wearing cream right
you got a medal girl so tell me your
story did you see a CTFxC running I did
that's awesome she's wearing this
exactly the same exact shirt got black
pants and brown hair I think she's
wearing an orange hat yeah mom are you
making sure to stretch before we go
anywhere all right how's the pool is any
warmer a little bit it's a cloudy day so
mr. Sun isn't working today firearm it
you don't have green you don't have
green outside up and you have great okay
so green LED of green my eyeball your
green
hi I'm wearing green underwear oh yeah I
dream Oh didn't mean to do that
no yours is pink I already saw it oh
yeah I saw it
so Lauren is a Wi-Fi girl and we met
well Matt you stay - a marmot charlie
matching oh hello mr. Lamborghini so
I've never really seen this many and we
were just driving so we pulled over to
check out the the showroom isn't it this
is freaking crazy looking cars I can
never justify ever ever even if I was a
multi-billionaire
driving oh boy that's so cool I decided
to get a new car you guys want to see it
not really
I know really not really we got to we oh
I'm sorry we got two new cars I've got
to tell you each guy we use yeah we each
got matching we got a Ferrari and
Lamborghini you want to see the photo
mm-hmm yeah I wish oh and uh here's
another funny little thing my mom just
sent me my sisters contact card on my
phone
she also FaceTime me she keeps trying to
FaceTime Allie you tried mom I
appreciate the trying the effort the
docs get better the fall go out your
concern for my safety and well-being I'm
concerned that you're being a dumbass I
wanted there's a lot of alligators there
are you holding love wait wait I get the
pinch you begin because you're still not
wearing lip you with either no that's
green your hands like a dumbass pinch
pinch pinch pinch pinch pinch pinch
bitch bitch bitch bitch
I give got you so you have to wear a
pill bottle done I can't be pinched now
look now I can the guy who's like
iron.most he moves for five minutes by
himself
arranged everything and when he came
back over I was like oh can we see him
and he looked at me for a second I was
like I totally joke he's like oh my god
he's like I just panicked he's like you
have no idea how many people actually do
that so we're celebrating st. Patrick's
Day by eating delicious Mexican food and
no this is mine he placed it on my side
I'll trade you some of this for some of
that
that's cow's butt in the know you're
going to spoil your dinner
yeah between Ali and I think we're gonna
eat like all these chips never that well
sure enough chips ruin my dinner and
there were times now where we listen to
this audio
which I always love you in Spanish Jose
him prepare my she's got
what you do we all have green underwear
oh he's wearing yeah he's wearing orange
and blue I should go pinch him today I'm
wearing shorts so this is the first day
of me breaking no-shave November and
it's March I've been wearing pants and
I'm confused you haven't shaved you know
you shit no you guys want to see your
legs that's Ally's legs right there
right there
that is what Ali's legs look like it's
your legs I'm just showing them your
legs wedgie wedgie wedgie gosh you got a
peanut I accept you Zoe I accept you
player you brought a potion it's gonna
make you run you brought your potion too
right
always makes me laugh that you like
catnip so much so so you should fart
right now I'll see you farted right now
be pretty funny yeah
what you learning I'm Lynn hot place
stay by Rihanna yeah Anna
are you a little bit faded right now Zoe
you know that catnip you broke it work
worth Mattel hey let's get started
you're gonna have to help me out here
cuz I really don't remember what I shoot
so I just started using Facebook again
for the first time in probably about a
year and a half so I told my cousin that
she has to help me like relearn how to
use the book mm-hmm
I was like why are there so many
notifications Fabio what the book is is
I don't change this I don't even
recognize it it's like like when they
change shut up hold on hold on all right
ready
here you go there we go
we're Slimer we're gonna call this the
ectoplasm shot please be green oh wait
why isn't working that's a problem there
don't use your teeth is that dialogue
dad do I have green oh oh oh my god your
bottom teeth are like completely green
tiny bit oh okay well you're destroying
this okay no no no like - oh what's this
oh wait way too much it looks like those
things you do in science class here it
looks so you get a shallow bowl of milk
and then what do you do you take well I
have different colors Picon do I know
what it's a sit there
hey so what are you doing wait now I'm
gonna add a drop of so I did whoa
just do one it worked but not cool
yeah because the soap breaks the surface
tension because the drop was started to
sit on the surface of the milk and it's
cool
it breaks the surface tension when you
put the science science bill nye oh look
at it sent it like far away I wanted to
see it get all my stuff and cool oh okay
now now you have to drink it nope I'm
good okay
that's constantly moving science is so
cool
Cheers great Patrick's Day now you have
green on the inside yeah look at these
little butt heads I'm not stupid I can
see that plus there's friggin saran wrap
in the trash my cousin and my brother
trying to get me to pee on saran wrap
you guys are fired you're fired
how dare you oh you're not allowed to
see my house city for stop oh my god
they fix it stop okay good go away
aah oh my boy you got a problem there
how do you how do you get it no I
already just shut my hair now I'm here
to fix it yes stuff oh wait Zoe you give
you a wedgie give Zoey a wedgie no we
fix it stop it I get to give you on
turnaround this is our gonna be our st.
Patrick's Day tradition wedgie
I already hold still
dangerous
it's coming over hardly wait
hey where's the esse
with child trippy
yes with chakra be an ally don't forget
to eat more
you
