step one on today's agenda green food
gathering obvious reasons every year I
always do today of st. Patrick's Day and
I always have to do like blue yellow to
make green and all that fun stuff this
time look at this I just get straight up
green to get a head thing it might not
be able to do a next year after just
hitting my head okay so show me what
you've done for your cutters cutting
area Kimberly is trying to Kim Kim is a
golf pro and she's trying to cut this is
the actual hole that you're supposed to
be playing towards but Kim is deciding
to put straight into the cat cat box
putting in the cat box see what happens
okay let's see your skills miss it
let's heckle you made it
so what is a gorgeous Saturday in
Florida the weather is finally starting
to warm up we have a couple of errands
to run today but I'm hoping that we're
gonna get to swing by the beach for a
little while because Kim has been
wanting to do that ever since she
arrived late late last night it was like
one of those last chance standby
miracles that she got on the plane and I
completely forgot to film that yesterday
but she's finally down here which is
exciting
okay that means that Marly got in and
pulled the turret out and someone caught
her mom come here so apparently Marly
went into the litter box and got a turd
out but never ate it that's a cat turd
I'm gay yeah SC bar they got that Ellen
just she just left a little snack out
for later guys she's hungry you know
what I mean she's planning ahead smart
dog
all right mom you carbo-loading how
you're raised tomorrow Michael Scott
carbo-loading yes my mom is running
behalf of me
13.1 miles tomorrow and so she's coming
in here trying to get like all the
protein and carbs she could possibly
find and some garlic kale because who
the hell doesn't like that to be a
little bit cautious we're gonna start
removing this thing a little bit more
because we were thinking about how like
Marly and Zoey have accidentally fallen
in the pool several times and if they do
it now you know that's gonna have a hard
time they can't just swim so we're
figuring that maybe we should just
remove it but this piece is broken how
are we supposed to do this maybe if we
get they tie it on to Zoe and this
heifer pull it Zoe get the work anyone
who has a pool cover do you roll it or
do you fold it like a flag I feel like
if we fold it like this and this it'll
be easier oh wait Rowling might tell me
in the comments heat our pool solar
panels heated quickly absorb the Sun so
here mother squirrel friend wait he's
right there he's out there - right -
right you missed them I filmed it so
people don't think I'm a liar where did
you go he's right there in the tree mr.
squirrel I must admit you make my dogs
go crazy you see him see him nope you're
looking on the ground he's in the tree
alright so we wanted that 86 but right
now it's at 71 ok the Sun needs to go a
little faster
you look pretty oh my god ok I like your
hair like this it's all wavy yeah it's
like it's awesome because since I have
keratin they ask you you know don't ask
me I'll use it no they tell you not to
wash your hair everyday anyway so now I
can just leave my hair curl for like 4
days
yeah awesome looks good like that hey
Internet did you know that I didn't wash
my hair
okay you know I noticed you have a new
you have a new like quark now you go
like this all the time as a talking as
you talk you go like this I want to do
it like a feeder or counter every time I
say I'm in a video and every time Ali
does that that right there everything
Ellie does that and every time I say I'm
in a video we're gonna a new counter you
just burped in your mouth I saw you do
that differences between Zoe and Miley
doesn't care
oh we're friends right the same knows
you're a turkey call Elliot turkey again
today like those or or see the bug eyes
now that's a problem now you have your
cataract classes on oh wait wait Allie
why you all right yeah it looks like
you're constantly frowning likewise has
had
just like constantly like this so since
its spring break and it's Kim screaming
we have to go with English movies and go
to that connec and that country is its
actual misconception is that a daiquiri
it's a deck furries instead of a
traveler right inflection on the
miserable
bro you kicking me
dinner
break even though Allen arrow to
graduating college we get Ratan
we like to participate we're like the
creepy all those people coming around po
spring break
party foul
so Ali's like successfully back tonight
pretty much one drink Billy
I don't know how many people coming into
comedy gene Ali has her phone she has
that the military 24 hour time right
there see mine mine is that the am/pm
standard but lean over time whatever it
is 24 hour time what do you have it the
am/pm
it's kind of funny how they get split
difference I want to know why amber I'm
curious on the history of like when AM
and PM are actually I don't know why
it's like I just got so used to it cuz
in Europe they use that for every train
schedules and what subtraction for me
you got there buddy get some cupcakes
hey that's a cupcakes guilty absolutely
what you got there Kim
Alys didi does anyone remember ecto
cooler
do you remember ecto cooler no ecto
cooler am i dating myself right now
I feel cool looks just like this
everyone here is from like 1995 I forgot
about that
oh my god that was ecto cooler anyone oh
yeah Oh remembers it now so one of Ali's
favorite people that she saw it spring
break let me walk down the bar like that
and this girl looked at him like he was
the hot
all right of every bro at Spring Break
this is what every dubstep song needs is
is Zoe going crazy after a laser pointer
this part what so it feels like every
time you she's chasing where these
things
Zoe Zoe likes the big bad world
that is probably the grossest thing I've
ever seen french fries nice Brown team
team winning team wasn't at one point
McDonald's they were like associated
with Heinz right what is this what is
this what happened what happened I
forced my door into his Corona
HUD's ketchup on camera on camera but
have your bed happy Spring Break that's
a sick phrase
yes
with tripping
Natalie tell me more
