good morning guys it is 150 in the
morning that means I've been up for a
little over 30 hours I have to wake up
in two hours to change my flight and
then I have to get out I'll hopefully
get on a flight and five hours and
hopefully get home in twelve hours how
many hours is that up one of these oh
you know I'm like just fall asleep in a
silly good-morning wiggle
good morning wiggle good morning wiggle
number two good God look at the toys on
the ground did you do that okay well you
need to stop making such a huge mess in
the house we're gonna have company today
this is what dreams
I'm sorry nightmares are made out of
morning finally got on a plane Roger
just figured a way to get home I have to
go basically through Minnesota and then
I get to go home at least we've got the
one room even taken at four in the
morning so yeah so Scott and I actually
I'm saying right now but is that Miley
the pool has a blanket hey you guys I
resurfaced the surface of my pool yeah
so that's like our solar blanket to sort
of help the the pool retain heat
overnight and we got our solar pump
working but I just found out that all
the work that the guys did to Solarize
our water heater yesterday was a futile
effort because they piped it into the
water heater incorrectly so a guy had to
come out today and he's still working
out he's been at my house for five hours
now and I can't leave until they leave
and I have to go get Charles from the
airport right now oh so then there were
two
scooter and I are the only ones I'm like
I was saying I was getting a different
alternative flight and so happened
scooter do those okay here's the thing
scooter beat me on the upgrade list
today so I was in the way way back by
the pooper somebody pooped in the pooper
so I'm just walking to my gate and I
just kind of glanced at my haziness
outside and I just wanted to show you
guys this because this is a complete 180
of what I was just did snow lots and
lots of snow
now to go back to Florida where it's
even hotter okay best thing ever just
happened although I am afraid because I
don't want them to actually think that
they can walk on this but you know a
normal person might look at this and say
hey this looks like solid ground I might
be able to walk on that that's exactly
what my dog just did I was on the
computer and I did not hear like where
Marly was outside she's looking now
because she's still confused she stepped
on it and that in her little paw prints
right there she freaked out I just heard
like a boom and then I looked out and
she was standing there with one paw
because she didn't realize she was gonna
go in the water
that was pretty cute mama so I just
landed and I got over here and I just
got a phone call from Ally she is going
to be late because the guys who's
installing our solar water broke
something so she can't come get me so I
have a plan B and it requires the glass
of wine
Plan C they didn't have any more wine
now to kill an hour or two hours so
today's flight times pretty crazy I
think this was like the longest a lot of
hold on I was gonna hobble
pretty long I'm just gonna get rid of
this but on the positive note while I
was gone he had solar panels like
installed for the pool so no longer is
the pool really sixty degrees and now we
can jump in like in the middle of winter
and it time for round two we can jump it
in the middle of winter and it'll be
like 80 degrees or 90 degrees in the
pool we'll have like a jacuzzi and we're
back so I'm just hoping that when I get
home I can just jump in the pool
and um being casual but I'm kind of
freaking out that I just did that what
happened what's happened
I hear Charles mic oh my god oh my god
he's like making cinnamon toast what was
it
it's spider now you were trying to get
oh my oh my instead of taking my sugar
and cinnamon I was trying to take the
butter and that on how many hours of
sleep she got babe
baby maybe four included liberty lovely
flippity floppity so i'm doing oh gosh I
can't see anything
hold on there there we go okay remember
I was telling you guys we just did our
the solar panels for we're trying to go
green and I can't see we're trying to go
green maybe I'll do this try to go what
was that kind of creepy I go green at
that house you don't even like solar
energy and stuff so I thought keeping
with that a little bit of a theme that I
would try to walk to go get food today
then I realized how freakin dark it is
here look how dark it is and if you look
at my battery
yeah is that 1% or 2% 1% awesome awesome
this video is not uploaded contact my
family actually is using a cell phone
still considered like going green like
is that still considered it does it have
to use electricity to power it
Helen psi absolutely have no idea how
I'm still up right now because I'm so up
there goes my battery okay maybe I'll
just talk to you this way just listen to
my voice well yeah
get the car way too dark way too many
spiders speaking okay speaking of creepy
things there's these things called
gallon bytes or gal bytes or something
like that
they this is what they look like this
big they're mosquitos on steroids
they're the Hulk of like if you were to
be walking around and you saw that thing
what would you do would you think
dinosaurs are coming back or what did
someone drop their underwear curious in
what the story is on that one
smiley did you leave your underwear that
your underwear because I know Marley's a
little tactics I had to put my sandwich
in here why I had to get gas yeah I know
I know what you do you know you don't
really want that do you
my mom and I have been like anxiously
sitting by the computer and just like
staring at the screen for the standby
listings for the past like three hours
because we're trying to get my cousin to
come down because it's her spring break
and she's in Atlanta but I think her bag
is here so we're gonna have to go and
get her stuff they're like not supposed
to send your bag if you're not there but
they did it anyway that's a girl thing I
don't know well that shows you how
little I know about history and good
literature so just in case I fall asleep
or something I wanted to let you guys
know and just kind of remind you that
the CTFxC Wi-Fi temporary tattoos of my
tattoo are now available as of now at
CTFxC merch calm and I just wanted to
give you guys a little bit of a little
like insider trading it doesn't matter
if you order one pack of them or 500
packs
the shipping is a flat-rate shipping so
I just wanted to give you guys a little
heads up so anybody who's been watching
the CTFxC for the past couple years have
known our troubles with the shipping and
postal service so I just wanted to give
you guys a little heads up that we have
a flat rate so you can get as many as
you want this time making it a little
bit easier but yeah just want to let you
guys know that there
yes huh huh huh you abruptly do your
arms like this it's like any kid any
young boy who had like a GI Joe or an
action figure at x-men but like the
hinges only went like this the elbows
are always bent like this you're just
constantly going hey I have a question I
will fight you never so tired if I don't
see you guys are the rest of the video
that means I fell asleep
alright guys so that's it for today's
video I'm trying to be really super
quiet because my cousin fell asleep
because she's really tired she had files
and stuff so she just like passed out
and Charles is already asleep to us I
just wanted to be quiet so I'm hiding in
the laundry room but anyway that was
today's video we appreciate you guys
watching be sure to subscribe if you
haven't already and we will see you
tomorrow as always love you guys good
night
it's the other Garvey wait
worse yet
with tripping
with trippy
