yeah do that big man lifting oh you got
to get out of the car you got to drive
yeah I'm gonna jump over the thing can't
guess what I brought slippers travel
time again were travelling not gettin
across the country one by one were
travelling getting this money travel
song you like it
behold art good hello CTFxC humans today
we are getting solar panels installed on
our roof yeah you bet again tell them
not to go green tell them not to
Solarize our water heater so you know we
might say that the activity in our
household today has been bangin I can't
believe the dogs are barking Marley has
been so good about this today you okay
is it pissing you off all they want to
do is go outside and meet them but I
really don't want to scare all the
people that are working on the house
right now so keeping them inside
well we're all here why all I mean
there's hundo there's Danny patiently
looking for a snare drum cuz if he
doesn't have one we're just gonna get
like you know like some pots yeah you
can play on some pots and pans today
right so we got our guitars though so at
least that's that's a positive right now
item one on the agenda Danny and I have
to find a Starbucks we were just walking
we remembered this from the Stanford
show because we went and just like
bailed on everybody and ran to get
Starbucks this scooter yell that's Danny
just pointed out that in the new
itinerary email scooter is now putting
getting your coffee out of the way first
so we're trying to you know make scooter
happy it's gonna be back it's good to be
back right guys we're just talking
that's been a while since we actually
finished chill in the states it's like
one of those it's all coming back to me
success so look who's back after his
long vacation decided to join us again
huh
what are we doing so this I think is the
granddaddy of all throwback Thursdays
this is my brother hello would you say
he is here
yeah maybe I'd say 14 or 15 months oh my
god
cutest little baby ever and me being a
total sassy pants as usual not much has
changed right
holy SH MA thanks Ally what'd you just
say I said your head looks huge in this
picture motherly love doesn't it oh my
god a huge head maybe that's why and the
stripes holy shit stripes and polka dots
you can't go wrong with that man check
it out it was like a clown thing it was
like a one-piece okay so she dresses her
daughter and clown outfits and pokes fun
of how big her head is Oh
hashtag great parenting oh that is so
cute oh my god I cannot believe these
photographs look at that sweet ass
headband man what happened to the 90s
God we had cool clothes back then didn't
we dude Oshkosh overalls so trav descent
where he parked his car right in the
middle of campus campus there's Alcatraz
right there every time Ellie and I come
here we can never get there
so this to be a new segment called story
time with coaling so this is a city lab
or Sean that's mine right now
and when I was a kid I've conditioned
that every time I read this song I had
to take
I don't know why and so I might louder
down instantly to be sure the cordial
yeah the brown oh sure I gotta pull over
man
no offense anything she's definitely
watching so if you guys didn't know is
pi day a 3.5 I think it's because it's
March 14th but Ali just sent this to me
mother of God okay pi day take your very
first bite make sure you get some of
that whipped cream okay go peanut butter
cream
no words I can smell it I can smell it
over here see my mom and I went to Bed
Bath & Beyond and we were being good
until now what is this
shuffle bone dog IQ puzzle I guess you
hide the treats and these little sliders
move and they have to figure out how to
get the cookies
okay we're gonna get kicked out all
right so we finally found him traffic
let's show him your head make sure
you're okay that's fine
look yes full head of hair his brains
intact so Travis is okay more than like
the are you okay zai got didn't have to
shave your head thanks a lot so don't
worry Travis is okay so it's been a
while since we played a game of horse
and we walk in and yeah that looks
awesome as always right now in the
comments who is going to win the epic
game of horse the horse challenge trav
myself or Danny trying something new
there's so many people playing
basketball so we're gonna play badminton
or good mitten whatever you want to say
basically you can basically hit as hard
as you want and it goes two feet it's
amazing Oh actually I forgot to tell you
I showed you guys the Wi-Fi symbol the
temporary tattoos are on sale today as
of now this you like oh this is shaking
so they gave to me if they are on sale
right now at CTFxC merch calm so you
should go there now it's like I said
it's limited supply but yeah just like
mine but yeah go to CTFxC merch calm and
you can get the temporary tattoos oh
crap that's so creepy okay you ready
let's see if you can figure this out
there are cookies in there fine too
Marley find the cookies where are the
cookies
holy crap this is amazing she's moving
it with her nose oh my god Marley you're
so good
this isn't oh yeah no I think Coco wants
to try now okay now it's Zoey Stern
let's see if Zoey can figure it out oh
my god oh my god Marly is flipping out
okay find the other ones mom I know it's
not your turn
Zoey's like so much more control than I
know it's always being so super gentle
there you go
what about right here yeah look you open
now we're using greenies and we're gonna
try and see if the cat can do it okay
I'm just gonna show her one so she can
see oh boy there we go that's it yes
good girl you gotta can control your
paws there we go well that was probably
like the best 15 bucks I've ever spent
that was awesome oh the new Skrillex
hey scooter you need a new printer
another segment in the video called yoga
time with scooter both okay come on work
it work it oh I feel like you're in
Flashdance or something like right now
we're gonna go celebrate this being our
first show in the States and a couple
months
celebration before the show it's a
celebration
veterus John Stamos has got us on the
guest list thank you thank you John
appreciate it my love to the Beach Boys
so I posted that photo my twitter and
looks like John Stamos finally
acknowledged that Kohli is the
better-looking how do you feel John
let's do this
all right so a few people want to say
good night
you guys kind of noise ordinance or
anything like that
yes
with trippy
with tripping
don't forget so anymore
