say goodbye to New York City it's really
sad that we are excited to be home I
miss the girls and Charles so much can I
miss the warm weather to be honest enjoy
that thank you morning Internet hold on
I farted bitch gonna get you gonna get
you gonna get you so good morning
everyone
I go pick up Ali in about half an hour
so the house no longer is going to be
the man cave I have to put the air
conditioning back up and all that fun
stuff but I'm happy she's home because
oh I was like why is my skin feel like
that there's still on my face aren't
they oh my gotta go look yep well I
should get these taken off oh there we
go alright go put your colors on yes
well they put it on no you missed you
missed again there we go she's pretty
good about doing that she just like runs
right through and this is Zoey so I put
yours on no you
so I have to go get a couple things
notarized and I first of all a notary
isn't that kind of like a that's a
pretty strange thing like somebody is
trusted that they don't Forge letters or
whatever you know like they're like this
I don't even know what a notary does or
how you become one but it just seems so
like prestigious you don't I mean like
if somebody gets a doctorate you know a
dr. Charles Trippy they should have like
a like a title for being a notary so
it's like notary Charles Trippy please
address me by my notary name and I'd get
a stamp that's at sea trip so I got okay
I got distracted
see I had notarized I gotta get
something go hey licking stamps
oh thank god it's with us I flicked a
self-adhesive one oh yeah my days
looking up I was in the parking lot
driving through the parking lot and I
witnessed to two police cars two police
officers crash into each other not hard
just like backed into each other she's
not paying attention just backed into
each other
I don't know why that makes me laugh it
shouldn't make me laugh but it just it
was so it was funny because they did the
same thing that everyone does you know
when they like they were trying to blame
each other but there were two cops I've
never seen that ever happened in my life
uh-huh looks like Ally's almost home
she's just over Georgia it looks guys
when I go pick up AMI
yeah okay do you guys think we make her
talk she just talks all the time I see
where are they where are they going
where's teddy
Oh
barley doors like I can't do that I'm
not I'm not that limber barley get back
over here look at that thing we just
transplanted it so it looks a little sad
right now
it's kind of like beating down by the
water but that is going to be what I
hope is our very first homegrown pumpkin
this Halloween how about what cool would
that be wouldn't we want pumpkin
smashing yeah we're just we did a
smashing pumpkins cover
okay go clover hunting we're trying to
find a four-leaf clover hunting Charles
like Charles Gill I found one like right
away I was like no way I've spent my
entire life looking for a four-leaf
clover and I've never found one I'm just
not lucky I guess right check out get
him I'm right what is that what is one
of that you find something this is like
no I'm shooting rabbit oh no that's not
one why there's your lucky one I don't
know because they're like a mutant it's
like a mutant one okay Internet tell me
in the comments have you ever found a
four-leaf clover in the wild sad again
not what you my only found something
would you find okay I'm gonna get my
Lisa worth three no tell you all one
that you want it and put it on nowhere
it it just sticks on her fur it is time
to cut the hair
I feel like hobo Charles has been around
a little too long time to get rid of it
and we're done that was easy
let's just put just a quick cut
literally I cut the video and I coming
up huh a little editing humor in there
okay Satmar did you do something bad she
doesn't know where I am
Zoe oh boy there is there is Zoe over
here it's pretty adorable when she can't
find me then all of a sudden she sees me
Zoe hey do you wanna you want to fold
this you heard that right that was Zoe
burping right on camera
the little Butthead over here I think
starting to sense everything you know
what I have to go play a show tomorrow
yeah
do you know you freaking out she's not
leaving my side she's being my little
shadow all right Zoe pop in come on get
in jump in can you fit jump in there so
we got back from the park and appears
that Alli it's still completely passed
out so I fit I figured I'm gonna try to
make you know I want to do for dinner
Brynner
winner in a while so I'm gonna do
breakfast for dinner and I can't decide
if I want to be pancakes eggs or french
toast we're all three I don't know yeah
what what should I do
what do you what I'd really quick french
toast pancakes or eggs french toast it
is good choice actually I want to show
you guys a trick I don't know if I've
ever showed you guys or if you know
about this see I don't like to use the
yolks in eggs I'm just I don't like that
like egg whites and I basically I suck
at trying to get the yolk out with the
shell there's actually this way you can
do it and separate it and I'm gonna show
you guys really fast all you need is a
like a little plastic bottle crack your
freaking egg squeeze a little bit so
there's like when you let go it's gonna
be a second like a suction squeeze it in
basically Ghostbuster that guy kind of a
fun little novelty I don't know just I
kind of wanted to show you guys just in
case if you didn't know oh get the show
in there mmm dagnabbit and be three
players and stuff like that so we can
hear babe
yeah that's right it's so short it was
so long no it's pretty much it's family
time snuggle time she wants to walk on
my shirt
and when I covered my shirt she didn't
come so Ally's looking up at the roof so
Ali and I are just what looking at the
ceiling I don't know if you guys ever
did this when you're little but look
okay there's this is imagine Garfield
his face here's his eyes closed right
there
is his nose there's his ears there's
right there and there's the inside of
his ears but it's Garfield's face right
there
there's the bridge the brain I think it
looks like a brain this perspective is
kind of
but they're out did you shave yes stuff
go time
god it's like it's like a sandpaper I
bet you up my glasses a lot deeper than
yours right talk to the hand talk to the
paw so it is time to go to bed I have to
wake up at like 4:00 in the morning
actually we have to wake up at 4:00 in
the morning cuz I'm making this this
Laver
lady drive me there so now it is not the
time so he's not a fan of family snuggle
time but I love you so much Zoe so we
you know you love your sister stop being
such a little dick she is like a grumpy
grandma but was on my shoulder and you
passed gas says a high five high five
good job how many videos we've ended
with you farting
were sexy
with y'all trippin
Biennale don't forget
