welcome to Marley vision in today's
episode cookies as she stares and stares
at the delicious cookies Marley Marley
vision nothing matters but my other
vision so apparently they decided to
give you guys okay just don't move for a
second I want to show this is as big as
her snout her snout nope I will give it
to you but you have to share this am i
giving you all this you're on a diet
dude it's trying to run a bunch of
errands before it starts raining again
all of a sudden it's just poured and I
couldn't go outside and of course it
went from 80 something degrees to now 60
I think was like 68 or 69 degrees right
now 69 degrees
holy cow this is gorgeous we just got
off the subway and this was our view and
it's so beautiful it's raining though
kind of crappy that's Randy but it's ok
it's still beautiful don't wait
eat fresh
all right so I wanted to test my parents
to see if they're actually using the
iPhone and I sent the photo I posted on
Twitter yesterday at marlott looking
partly vision looking at the cookie and
I said to her as a text message and she
sends me an email with the same photo as
an email and replied food I think she's
kind of getting the hang of it
oh good god that gave you more treats I
love the fact that where we live is such
like a dog friendly place Jay I just
showed you guys okay when went got
Starbucks got some coffee I just went to
the banking just deposited some stuff
and this is what they gave them they
gave them like four extra cookies you
have to Jive things you've had the
super-sized an idea for her brain is
going to explode yeah so I have tried to
get all this all the errands taken care
of because on Thursday we are playing in
Sacramento by the way it's open to the
public so if you guys want to get
tickets I want to see a bunch of CTFxC
is there we're playing Sacramento on
Thursday I'll put all the ticket
information down there in the video
description so you guys can go all right
so we're gonna play a little game okay I
got a run to the post office I'm going
to leave the cookies you know what
actually no it's the Hat so well no what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna put it one
cookie I want to leave one cookie right
here and I'm going to see if these
hounds can like not like jump up and eat
it while I'm gone and the remainder are
gonna go here you guys can have them
later
you know what watch she like figured
that I'll open it and she those are gone
okay in the comments right now in the
comments tell me if you think this
cookie will be there when I return say
it will be there or it will not be there
so we do not eat it okay back up there's
a fair thing okay everyone be good let
me see your new jacket ah so adorable my
mom was there was a picture that why it
actually posted on Facebook of my mom
wearing this coat right here my
grandmother saw it and said throw that
coat away and go buy something but how
old is this jacket
probably as old as you nice
maybe so that's old out looking for a
new jacket for what better place to do
that than New York City or actually in a
store called century 21 which makes both
of us laugh because it's actually a real
estate agency in Florida so when Ray
suggested that we go here I was like
that doesn't align with what we're
trying to get oh my god girl you look so
fancy do you love it and that you love X
I like love it
she just caught me look at her she's
definitely up front okay well you're
already up front what about you you're
back here and what are you going back
there now huh oh is the cookie missing
surprised is anyone on the internet
surprise right now
I'm just a wild guess you probably ate
it right here yeah that's awesome you
think I'm so sorry I'm so ashamed
associated no I gotta get my base and
then I gotta get the Pelican and my face
is oh come come on
are you bored running all these errands
I appreciate you guys coming I get
really bored in the car and I do stupid
things by myself so this is really cool
this is the
it's awesome it's all kind of closed off
so obviously it can't get very close
there like tours and things that you can
do but it's too late now that I just
want to show you the buildings they're
especially beautiful when they're lit up
at night that's I'm amazing Oh what is
this you may be asking I just got I got
this in the mail see what it is I think
I know what it is there we go
oh yes okay so if you didn't know we
made like temporary Wi-Fi tattoos the
exact same design as my actual tattoo
haha this is so cool Kenneth's so good
my actual tattoo the temporary ones
actual temporary actual temporary these
came out really good all right so what's
gonna happen is these things will go on
sale this Friday at noon so 12:00 p.m.
Eastern Time this Friday
these will be on sale what's gonna end
up happening is it's gonna be a pack of
four so you get three small ones and
then a large one do you want one
here you want me to put one on you you
want one right here you look pretty
snazzy how about you mom I put it right
on your butt you go Wi-Fi tattoo on your
butt there it's gonna be first come
first serve so if it sells out it sells
out but I just wanted to give you guys a
heads up now so that way you have like
two days prior to when it actually is
released oh my god
oh my god
oh my god so excited sorry guys I'm sort
of holding up traffic here so I'm
wearing some pretty high heels and I'm
trying to go down from our friends a
partner which is on the fifth floor and
it's a walk-up and so I'm going at a
snail's pace
it is super windy today
nobody's here so this is how big the
waves get here not that our highest
pretty much pretty hard to sur whoa fish
what was once a fish what did this get
here so happy so I've given myself a new
rule every time I go to the dog park or
come to the dog beach I leave my phone
in the car as a way of like a disconnect
I guess you could say oh she's gonna get
she's gonna get it she is spazzing out
it's so adorable she's been running like
this for 15 minutes non-stop it's a
beach tumbleweed want to eat it
she keeps doing that every time my still
beat strip successful tonight we are
deciding to watch feature on that and we
are getting ready to go to bed but I
wanted to ask you guys a few of you have
commented on my eyeliner tutorial that
you wanted to see me do styles for short
hair and I am actually sort of learning
as I go how to style short hair because
it's been a couple of years since I've
had it if that's something that you want
to see on the allottee channel I would
love to talk to you guys about that so
just let me know in the comments so it's
been really really fun in New York and
we were getting ready to leave tomorrow
morning yeah nobody wants to leave we
really don't want to leave I want you
guys oh my god ready shut up
I met one CTFxC her while I was here and
it was awesome been absolutely freezing
weather here and my husband and my dogs
went to the beach so it seems like you
know they're having an absolute blast
you know it's killing me I want to I
want to see how these actually look so
I'm gonna actually put them on my face
I'm gonna get myself some tattoos I'm
gonna get I'm gonna get three more
tattoos right now where should I put
them should I put her right next to the
other one oh my god I'm gonna put it on
my forehead appeal it that looks good
right
saturate saturate you don't be really
funny and I just told you guys right now
that might tattoo on my arm is fake I
just apply it every single day for the
vlogs
wouldn't it be ridiculous obviously guys
don't put it on your hair I remember
doing temporary tattoos as a kid and it
was always such a pain they've really
stepped up the temporary tattoo game
geez put it right here on my face does
he give me more bars if I sprinkle my
face and small enough
I'm all bars baby that's good
awesome well do I look sexy
do I look super sexy right now mother
flipping Taco Tuesday yeah get some
jalapenos in this fool you going to bed
yeah yeah shut up
go to bed okay I'm going bed all right
so I will see you guys tomorrow have a
great night at seeker phrase is three
bars because I have three bars on my
face so I forgot about that
good night
see what you did
yes
giddy with child tripping
with trip in early
