so I'm remembering the water alleys lon
Molly don't do that oh good morning
Marley do you like it Marley stop being
a dickhead quit rolling and stuff yeah
why can't you be like you just listens
you're such a bet I turned the camera
around it's just like poking at it like
hey you can record me and then I put it
in front of her face and turns around
Hey nope nope you can't record me no I
think it might be time to try to
schedule a hair hair appointment this is
I don't think this has been this long
since my embarrassing long hair stages
good can we take on the day now well I
think I'm ready for the day guys just
put on my turtleneck and this is what my
hair ended up like so I think I'm just
gonna wing it and go out like this what
do you say let's just go look at that
camera
watch the size of the bubbles that this
girl makes with that thing I think
bubbles are like one of the few things
that make everyone happy no matter what
situation you're in or how old are gonna
you are just got this from Ally and I
have no idea what it is all right let's
see here what is that so they are a
little bit pissed off right now
because I went and got a coffee and
apparently they were completely out of
out of dog treats my dad says hi
watch the little girl it's like magical
I'm shivering so bad they can barely
hold the camera still Wow
okay one more try there we go I'm
letting my dad hear some of the demos
what do you think so far
excellent i xl want a it's kind of
Spanish right tie in Spanish okay there
we go that's I guess squirrel friend
here is he here yeah go get him they're
gonna fall in one day today my dad is
going to the dark side because he
apparently has a phone from 1995 no it's
not back years ago I'm the ready for the
dark side good god this is like the size
of an iPad Mini hello
watch this is gonna be the new cell
phone standard everyone's just walking
around with tablets a little bit of
irony you walk into the Verizon store
your AT&T phone just craps out the
signal so which one are you going
weiter that is is where I'm at you're at
the white one see I told him to look
because everyone's chrome alley always
makes fun of me for the white but I
think the white looks a lot better in my
opinion I told him to go to the iPhone
section this is where he went so my mom
and I have decided that this spot is one
of our absolute favorite spots in New
York City to come if you've never been
here before and you've never seen like
the really cool architecture you're not
really used to like the Ville
the area's come to Madison Square Park
and stand like between Broadway and 5th
Avenue you can see the Flatiron Building
which is awesome and then if you turn
directly around the Empire State
Building it's just really really cool
it's one of the cool response I think to
just come insanity futures
that is one of my favorite dogs in New
York City it has a hat on correction
that dog had sunglasses and a visor on
that is the coolest dog I've ever seen
going for a visit
who's here is that Coby yeah Coby Coby
you showing off are you trying to show
off oh man my cousins are here
I haven't seen them forever it's been
forever go show off Coby my dad got a
new phone and we were talking to the guy
and now you've gone to the dark side as
well and then here's a temporary case
until we get you another one kind of
there you and then we got him a salt
basically and Imola what I like to call
Melissa proof case which is probably
what you're gonna need to get eventually
everyone equipped yourself with no
that's upside down all right so get your
phone okay everyone take a photo go
become model
go be sick make sure to get my good side
guys Coby show it off with your new
stick Zoey get him the show off he
doesn't share this is my mom trying to
type for the first time on the iPhone
you guys can't see all the dings on the
back of this meal you have mu trying to
type new yeah how come it says it and I
keep trill Kota how are you doing over
there
sup mo mo I'm just gonna sit on your
phones guys looks like come on come on
show me attention please there you go
get it now wash install YouTube nope
nope moved it nope
no one zowie Marley come on okay tap it
tap it tap it tap tap it mom tap it
don't forgot six come on come on we're
gonna try to FaceTime with Melissa look
at that I got it
look at this so that's how you do that
technology knowledge technology all
right so now is mobster had a long day
my mom doesn't want to see herself well
you gotta tilt you gotta tilt this so
she can see you know now she can't there
oh cool that's what I do you just take
your tongue out of me guess what even
though this is in a hotel we still have
to do a bank flying off the bed it's
pretty nice
well though I think I just dislocated
your shoulder got laughing contest I
feel like I think I've talked about this
before whenever I lay down I feel like I
can laugh a lot heavier go
oh man the reflections oh boy oh boy
Zoey's head is going to explode just got
back home basically taught my mom and my
dad how to basically use the basics
basic basic basic basic on iPhone I'm
always just like assume people know how
to use it it's from using an old phone
until a smart phone I forgot although
like nuances that you have to kind of
learn you ought to mean
was it fun hanging out with Colby yeah I
have to show you guys this all right I
just found this website and it's called
Nicholas Cage roulette calm as you can
see yes look lots of Nicolas Cage so
Nicolas Cage roulette calm so here's the
funny part when you it has two sections
that says from all movies and action
movies and when you click one of them
what it does is it brings you up to
Netflix and it streams randomly a
Nicolas Cage movie amazing so for
example face off just came up I was
truly don't try to go who to action
let's do all movies all movies
adaptation let's go pack let's do action
movies again action movies greatest
invention of all time for if you want to
watch the Nicolas Cage movie or just a
bad movie I guess I had to show it to
you guys so I thought was pretty funny
if you guys don't have a Netflix account
you can get a free trial we have a free
trial set up Netflix calm sighs CTFxC
I'll put a link down there you can go
there get a free month trial and then
you can go check out Nicolas Cage
roulette I'll actually here's the
disclaimer I am NOT responsible for the
amount of hours you will lose watching
the closed cage movies so yeah you can
go get your free month trial Netflix
come to the CTFxC and then go play some
Nicolas Cage roulette actually ok so
after you're done playing it once you
play it tell me the first movie that
actually shows up in the comments tell
me which movie showed up first and we
shall compare
damn there boobies in your drink hey I
really love the boobies part oh ma these
are octopus dumplings and they are
incredible I've never eaten octopus in
my life but I just did it
you know what find new things I guess
right that's the motto what did you get
I have no issue
she doesn't even know but she's gonna
eat it yeah that's awesome
wait
yes
which all trippy
it would be an ally don't forget to eat
