so I always leaving us today I told you
I'm already naturally beautiful I didn't
need them but so Lauren and Alli are
heading to New York for I think it was
just a couple days yeah is that your New
York dance Mart it's okay I'll make sure
to bring you back lots of cookies no no
you cannot have chocolate chip cookies
I'll bring you dog cookies Oh Marley
you're so sassy I'll he's leaving and to
make sure her that she doesn't miss any
more of the ask Ally's on her channel
which by the way if you're not
subscribed at Ali's channel
it's just youtube.com slash ali al li
it's pretty easy i'll put a link down
there but yeah she's a villain until
bunch of them right now before she gets
on a plane no I wanna see you trying to
figure this out yeah your brain your
brain isn't made like that yeah she's
trying to use the computer as a
moderator flips not I I was like the
first time I've owned the clip I was
like this I was like you can do it like
this I was like trying to find it ah but
you do like this are like this that I
wanted that you can blend it Marley what
you know you own with your right
she's got all your brushes on your Omar
those are going on my eyes later I was
keeping them warm but yeah if you guys
didn't know she has a series on her
channel called ask Holly where you guys
could ask her pretty much anything from
like relationship advice to makeup the
clothing to anything you can think of so
yeah go to her channel and she's gonna
have she I think it's every Monday and
Wednesday she uploads and you can ask
her anything and then she makes a video
answering your anything I guess is the
best way to describe it so he just likes
to sleep so are you sleeping no what I
can't keep my eyes open I can't keep my
eyes open and she's down I have no idea
how you do that I use a mirror get out
how do you put Zoe Marley in there all
right you guys when I go to the airport
with me right are you cleaning up the
soy sauce oh my gosh your soy sauce all
over here this is great this is the
least amount of packing I've ever seen
you do you guys hanging out
by yeah don't forget my chocolate-chip
cookies oh I love you have fun and you
just have one window open in the front
it's totally fine goes away isn't that
weird
so I've been keeping up with my
smoothies every single morning
okay so blueberries strawberries orange
juice bananas oh bananas nature's penis
you know it's like one of those things
where I I know I shouldn't say it yeah
but it leaves my mouth anyway and like
you learned yesterday the strawberry is
the only only fruit with the seeds on
the outside see who says who says you
can't learn something by watching
watching something on the internet oh
yes they had it said you guys
at birth ever but not in clothing we
have my makeup your hair done and we're
doing exit row seat to little score
what what
we drive on it and then how small it
looks down there
does it tree give you a gift does it
give you some of this skin no that is
mine since Ali's gonna be gone for a
couple days I have to remember to water
the frickin lon otherwise this entire
thing will die I'm gonna rely on Siri
hey Siri remind me at noon every day at
11:00 to water the fucking lawn shall i
yes get all of it let me throw it ready
see if she can pick this thing up bring
it back Zoe a little big for you I've
been you down
what are you being a cow all right
Marley do your best impression of a cow
pretty damn good get it without getting
wet I just do this for a little bit of
yes hey if you want this it's not room
service come on Cindy got though no
fence can hold me alright girls we're
going up the hill
you know what cracks me up when you see
a company that has like for example I
don't know like Owen cleaners or
something like that right but they put
an a so it's a Owen cleaners it really
doesn't make any sense but they you
could tell they did it in the era when
the phone book actually mattered or like
one Owen cleaners just so they would be
first in the phone book tell me in the
comments right now tell me the very last
time that you ever opened and used a
actual phone book you know
like it was like the size of like 14
Harry Potter's combined I think the last
time I honestly used one was maybe when
my mom made me look when I was like
fifth grade I'm curious because like the
cursive thing I want to know if there's
people out there that have never even
like ever in their life used a phone
book tell me the comments I'm actually
gonna be a wedding at the end of the
year for actually my good friend my old
college roommate Ricky
so I'm trying all these pants is a bad
thing it's Ali's not here so I have to
take photos and send it to her hopefully
it translates check out you guys it's a
window that we've absolutely nothing
welcome to New York delicious hot
chocolate macaroni and cheese with bacon
fish tacos is a meat knuckle sandwich
sandwich I really hope you guys can see
this glorious really mountain of dessert
my mom as a jagerbomb X I do I love it
ok ready go thing like a bow what do you
think Internet okay phone loss
my work these just work on my face so
the sales lady talked me into him but I
still don't know if I like him so what
do you guys think about my new gothis
for my ol host and I'll let you guys
decide because I'm on the fence she said
I could take it back tomorrow if I don't
like him she said she was a good
salesman it's like no ma'am I appreciate
it I really I shouldn't your eyes will
burn if you don't get them okay I'll
take three and all of a sudden a magic
Zowie appears time for your daily peeing
and pooping go mark some territory
finally you actually made friends I'm
always so proud with Marley actually
might never mind
smoke way to ask so I've had a pretty
fun evening in New York we got here a
little bit late today so we just mostly
ate and had a couple of drinks but
tomorrow we're going to be doing some
pretty fun stuff heavy we're going to do
a couple of like touristy things because
my mom's never been to the top of the
rock so we want to do that I'm really
excited to be here I love the city and
it's gonna be fun my mom is clearly very
excited all right everybody that's it
for today we love you guys and thank you
so much for watching and we see you
tomorrow good I got a spy
merci psst
with child trippy
Harry don't forget to
