so I'm in the bathroom trying to get
ready and I hear Charles making this
interesting noise in the shower in other
words if you're in the show okay what is
it
didgeridoo
good morning now it looks like we have a
little friend over there I don't know if
you guys can see the alligator head
right there she's kind of just chillin
they have no idea they're being tracked
by a tiny alligator look but where'd he
go didn't tear it in its gonna say I
hope you guys can see that that can you
guys see that little ring around the Sun
it's like a rainbow in the clouds does
anybody know what that's called but it's
so cool-looking now of course there's a
billion trees in the way
wait for it there you go oh it's Antonio
Banderas that were used to instead of
aurora borealis borealis is Northern
Lights look at there now you can see it
look how cool that looks now my mom
seems to think that it's just because of
the window tint that we see those colors
but I'm hoping that's not the truth
because it looks friggin awesome and I
wanted to be a real thing
Alys sleeping wake up go we lose an hour
today hey I got a trivia I got trivia
question for ya
what is it you gotta have too quick what
is the only fruit that has their seeds
on the outside go
I was way too easy apparently last night
I must have slept wrong on my neck so I
can't I'm like I can barely up like a
shark I can go like this I can't turn it
you're one of two things you're a shark
or a sheep question wait wait question
I like your he's like I like your
enthusiasm you're a shark and we're
sharks too because we don't look back
because we don't have next I totally
cool cool story bro you having problems
thinking that you're thinking face I
care about gold it's so funny it's the
80s guy I remember every detail hey do
it again
keep doing it keep doing your safety
ants don't words watching I promise
bye she's gonna run into me she's gonna
run into me so I was bored and I
sacrificed myself to go shoe shopping
well after you after you after you
see what happens when you're polite and
you let somebody else go first you shoot
get stuck at a holly bush and you fall
on it
okay I'm gonna play a game it's gonna be
really hard it's gonna be called find
the ugliest shoe oh look I found one I
win and that was playing find the
ugliest shoe hey honey hold on let me
unzip unzip you right here listen every
time my phone drops the edge it always
makes me feel like dial-up
so do I embarrass you in public everyone
always asked to do it I embarrass you
why are you talking to the camera now I
just want to love you all the time I
love you because like give you honey
the problem is here let me see you'll be
able to see right through that yeah I
just would be able to see right actually
you know what get that totally your
American flag proud to be an American oh
my god are you really considering him
now yeah oh that that that is amazing
look that she was deceiving it looks
like a cute flat grandma husband keeps
falling all over the place how many
people does it take to put it Lauren an
issue go me your boot walk it's like you
fought poop my boots walk get be a model
perfect
she hasn't walked in boots forever
really not I I made you look really
pretty
oh my god that's horrifying I don't my
glasses on a ghost Anna me oh my god
nightmares about myself so this is what
I did the alley it's pretty terrifying
isn't it
I love it it's funny look at that that's
even better
a ship shipping ship shipping shipping
ships ship ship ship ship ship ship
ships
you know my favorite thing to do when
I'm like waiting for a turn when the
turn signals on right I used as a
metronome and I just like make beats
like anyone else do that just make beats
with your turn signal while you're bored
okay you sit down all right I'm gonna
make you into a zombie
can I make you into a zombie okay sit
down
can I make you into a zombie thank you I
appreciate that okay hold still
are you hold still no you didn't hold
still okay hold still cookie jeff
goldblum put pizza french fries my only
one if i try Marlee you're a good sport
that's pretty that's exactly how I would
imagine my all right Zoey can I make you
into a zombie please oh my god she just
farted on you just like take a big whiff
come on guys why is everyone leaving
where's everyone leaving I don't think I
actually made a zombie but I just wow I
don't know what I just did this oh yeah
this one the technology of the world you
can communicate with friends and
family all over the world in an instant
or you can make yourself your wife your
pets into zombies
all right let me do it to you again one
more time my masterpiece you ready to
see my masterpiece what oh my god you
know it's vile
that's scratch on my freaking phone so
earlier today Ali and I were taking up
we took a new photo for our new icon for
YouTube you probably could see we're now
and for Facebook by the way if you have
not liked our Facebook you might want to
do it because there may or may not be
some secret information coming about the
necklace the pic necklaces and the Wi-Fi
tattoos wink wink
so I was going through them and I saw
this one and I was like okay we have to
make it into a zombie hence that one
yeah uh clean-up on aisle two it's the
worst thing in the world when you're
making a delicious sandwich and you go
to get a condiment and you accidentally
pull out a drawer and then this happens
now everything smells like soy sauce
yeah boy I love all condiments in the
world soy sauce is the smelliest one
like really Souter all right now
and now our kitchen is going to smell
like stir fry every single time gonna
walk in y'all were like no one going to
stir fries right
what you did
wait
yes
with trippy and alley
Bertie
with Gianelli don't forget hey tomorrow
