so we're we're having a little meeting
right now about the house renovations
and all of a sudden she didn't jumps
look at the bottom line here Jeff
Goldblum Jeff Goldblum Jeff Goldblum
look how pissed off this dog looks just
like yeah just just get it over with
come on
apparently when Zoey was sedated they
did her nails so she doesn't have to do
it everyone's just lounging on the new
grass I believe it anyone want to go for
a walk
you get grass on your butt she's like
roll up the window sorry dude it always
makes me laugh the see the like
differences between them every once in a
while we're just absolutely hating the
wind and then this one back here face
out the window in the back get it back
seat thank you please
you were just What's Wrong are you okay
you crying you have allergies are you
crying did you watch the notebook too
don't you just stop watching that movie
I know you're like Ryan Gosling it's
like stop touching me if you always are
frustrated with the amount of time your
wife or significant other takes they're
doing their hair the makeup and stuff
like that here's something convince them
what the hell it's what was that I was
as you say convince them to cut the hair
short cuts it in half it's so true your
time getting ready is literally been cut
in half with your hair shorter I'm
waiting all the time your hair just a
little information a little bit of
advice but you have to style it's also
harder style short hair it's quicker to
dry it I just do you you have taken less
time to get ready believe it or not
still takes a long time
I consider a long time so that literally
I pop out of bed I put on sandals maybe
some shorts and a t-shirt if it's clean
if there's no clean t-shirts I'll just
walk out awesome studio setup except one
of my life is bummed so now I'm trying
to work it's just why I have no sheets
on your seat I know don't you guys like
her hair like this looks good I like it
Thanks
show the Internet the internet don't
touch it it's hot guys when I go for a
golf car right roll my homies excuse me
I'm sorry
my bitches Smiley's on squirrel control
sir you're doing it wrong he's huge he's
massive he's like the size of a hose I
should have thought a hose
there's his face alone I don't want to
be on YouTube you are freakin crazy
why would you put your fingers right
there Julia was the eat you eat me that
thing couldn't even hurt me
you cannot keep him is he moving you
won't see your face
Aly teaches you how to get bit by a
Kingston I don't want to bother am I
just wanted him to come out so he could
see his body because he's so cool
looking he's got ball guts no he's he's
going in there I don't know I don't
scare him he's getting scared
why is the board well okay don't do that
you're doing it wrong
annual once a year sale ignore them are
they part too do not ignore what you
doing what are you recording
do you practicing yeah we have a show
and by the way we're playing a show
Sacramento on the 14th of March and it's
open to the public
oh so I just want to show you where he's
always laying because it's ridiculous I
had this set up for myself yesterday
when I was watching the movie and I
never put it back because I haven't
cleaned my house in like a year and this
is where as always laying on top of the
pile of pillows and blankets where'd he
go they seriously don't know he's right
there why you're just gonna sit there
I'm gonna do something about it
oh so I found you
oh oh my god she she looks like if she
could yell at you she would yell you so
bad oh look out it's amazing how much
better she's doing today it's so awesome
don't get him no it's like hell no I'm
not so some letters we can still do but
like cursive lettering we cannot
remember like for example like a capital
G or a lowercase Z I'm gonna test Alli
and anyone else I might meet up with
today and no that is not right yes
that's correct
well the reason why I was bringing it up
because I think in some schools are like
getting rid of the teaching of cursive
which I don't understand we're gonna
have no penmanship skills whatsoever
we're already on the computer so much we
need to know how to write are you
kidding me how do you think history
I don't even right last thing I
physically wrote down that's horrible
okay capital Q capital Q yeah is that
right
not quite hello let's start simple
capital a capital a the capital a are
you serious you really don't know
cursive at all you really good that's
pretty much it a little bigger do a
signature and then and then Wi-Fi that's
not cursive that's scribbled you usually
want to saw my name is this
Oh what did you say that was omitted
from the record I was like why aren't
you testing me this isn't fun he's like
no you know what's not fun is when you
get him all right sucks what is capital
Q ah I'm not gonna tell you don't look
it up so apparently to get a capital Q
you basically have to make the number
two and that's now you'll never forget
capital Q is the number two that doesn't
make any sense
what what about a visit what did I have
to have two quails
no wait Q has a different like it has a
little bit early so if I have two quails
right in a sentence they're like cuckoo
yeah cool twin with quails do you know
capital S know I know lower ones I think
it's because there's lower ones are easy
show and do lowercase s oh my god right
mm kind of well it's in my name is Hari
yeah holy shit I'm stupid do you a
capital I don't know that one F followed
by a lowercase F but I get you know I
think I got you dammit yeah that's right
no no just now a lowercase yeah I can't
believe I don't know the Z the Z one I
thought it's like this like zebra two
you do it together make that four how
did that not just all on the table you
are a lucky son of a bitch it's a
favorite part
yeah eating out of the bag
no he'll go
so apparently Zoey does not understand
the rules of seat check in this house I
get up
she burrows under all there and then
Marly goes over there but well yeah what
do you shop it for
breakfast
so you're gonna have beer breakfast
gross
I'm playing the role of the DVD today
enjoy right now honestly tell me in the
comments when the last time you actually
use cursive when you actually wrote it
out I want to prove a point here all
right so I'll see you guys tomorrow have
a great night
worse yet sexy
giddy with child trippy
gotta share
with trip in early
