good morning Internet ally and I kind of
have a new tradition now we kind of ride
a bike for probably like eight or ten
miles and then we go for a run it's kind
of a good way to kind of start the day
kind of get pumped up stay a little
active cause otherwise I just feel like
really blah plus riding the bike is a
lot more fun than running so I'm way
more into that but I got a nice little
setup going on it's actually kind of
cheesy got my phone got my GoPro got a
little clamp for the g7x
you
I already made it to one of our favorite
parks you know what I think Ali and I
are going to get is one of those I know
it sounds stupid but like one of those
like dog like trailer things you know
they happen for kids too because I don't
think Zoey can keep up with a bike you
know kind of like the golf cart or her
wagon I should say plus you know long
distances going that long they
definitely can't go that long it would
actually be kind of cool that we can
travel a little bit more and go find
cooler spots or random spots I should
say but I don't know I don't know where
to actually find one of those things
probably online feel like yes we are
becoming those people and you get a
helmet that's what you need to find
maybe I'll get that today tomorrow we
actually leave for squirrel tomorrow we
leave for playlist so hopefully we're
going to see a bunch of you guys there
I think our meet and greet is on
Saturday on the 2nd my birthday that'll
be kind of cold me at all you guys I'm
looking forward to it I like going to DC
it's kind of fun last time we did that I
think that's where our shirt that one
shirt we rode bikes with Tyler and Jay
and everybody that internet killed
television shirt I think that's where
it's actually from last year
yeah the shirt that we have then Tyler
tribe Tyler ticket we have to stop and
get some all some popsicles raspberry
that's the one I'm gonna go for
raspberry lemonade pistachio rose water
interesting I never knew these kind of
flavors like drunk wings this big box
not a bad ride so thanks to you amazing
people I showed you what happened to my
Apple watch how it just like turn into a
flip phone and apparently Apple I guess
said it's because of the battery inside
of it explode not exploding so when I'm
looking for swelling so they extended
the warranty for like three years or
something on the first generation one
which is what this thing is which is
awesome because I was going to get a
replacement and then I know that the new
ones here to be coming out probably in
like three weeks so thank you guys for
that information I would not have known
I would have just used I will actually
have superglue I still kind of feel like
getting superglue but if it's the
battery thing I don't want this to turn
into another Samsung thing so maybe I'll
just go try just bring it in like this
like it's going to explode
please fix it turn this feel like I look
at this freaking store one more thing
breaks I give up I'm going PC I'm just
kidding I'm never going
I don't think I could do it I still hate
change well that was the severe waste of
time actually when I was in the car I
got to show you guys this this is what I
noticed was going wrong now see I don't
know if you guys can tell with batteries
I'm not supposed to look like a balloon
it's a little scary I'm kind of glad it
popped off I don't want it to be another
Samsung thing we're like the explodes on
my wrist all right the house on that
home but I got all the way down there
and I just showed it to him like oh
those are the things that we have to
ship out can you just do it I was gonna
take two and a half hours to get
somebody to talk to you I was like so he
just called and had them ship a box
sucks today has been kind of a wash for
me today now I got to get ready for a
playlist because I'm so backed up that
was a waste of time which I should not
have done that today live and learn
obviously I had to get a couple things
taken care of and I've noticed that
these dogs specifically this white one
and this blonde one are enjoying my
black clothes so I appreciate that you
too thank you of all dogs I wouldn't
mind because your hair is black but of
course you're the good one and you tore
the pain in the asses will you staring
at me for it what are you staring at
ding-dong where's your ear
getting my DC package all set up got the
drone although I don't think I'll be
able to fly that got the GoPro I think
it's one of two I've got the gimbal good
old tripod super awesome glasses
computer cellphone and the camera I'm
talking to you on and the backup camera
which Ali has oh and gummy bears I think
we're set
oh I should probably get clothes to talk
about that part
my husband is so great okay mom and he's
like I cleaned who did all these things
I'm gonna be really honest honey
different I know I sound like a jerk I
know I sound like a jerk but these are
all clothes that I was trying to drive
what I thought honey I need comes in
here and he's like I've wanted
everything I folded all your gloves well
they were all folded I give you a high
five in a c-minus because I'm not really
sure that was your best floating no
passing let's go take them for a walk
whenever we like travel I feel like the
day before we're always just like so
busy we always want to clean the house
and we always want to like well I make
sure that we get everything that we need
because we always forget something when
we travel I didn't want a new suitcase
you see this yes
oh that's not that's not seasonal you
might need to put tape on that otherwise
we're gonna really hurt somebody
yeah and I don't need that oh yeah I
thought there was a white but the rest
of it we left in there you told me to
the day before we leave is always is
always like a weird limbo stage do you
think I hear he hates it
well we're gonna continue this limbo
stage and keep packing because I'm super
lazy today and we're leaving tomorrow
breakfast for dinner
aka Brynner I in college never tell you
this out in college I literally had
breakfast for dinner I think half my
college career what nope french toast
it's so true it's the same thing though
French sauce is way better are you
french toast man or are you a waffle fan
guys your egg waffles
good french toast ooh that's why we're
doing french toast
ah it's cream cheese let's just start
the heated debate like the pc/mac debate
waffles or french toast who would win in
a battle
I feel like french toast would fight
dirty waffles would probably by the play
by the rules before we say goodnight
everything we just wanted to say thank
you right now okay it is 10:30 at night
we gotta start packing and I just want
to check something out yes stripping at
10:30 at night but that's kinda all the
day's been going alright so I just
wanted to shake if you guys did not know
yesterday Ali and I made that painting
where we stuffed our faces full of paint
on the canvas just kind of like they
give away to you guys because we
actually set up a harvey disaster relief
typically run by the CTFxC to raise
money for those that are affected by the
hurricane Harvey what we wanted to say
right now is it's 10:30 so the video has
been up for a few hours maybe seven or
eight nine nine hours and we're already
at 786 dollars so we are so thankful
guys I mean that's 67 donors it kind of
like blows my mind to seeing how much
you guys are willing to give to those
that makes people like animals yeah
absolutely well just in general you guys
are giving to people just because you
want to I think that that's so admirable
and it's so beautiful it's so amazing I
donated eight are donated we just want
you to know that we are just so we're so
thankful for every ten dollars that you
guys donate they can provide two hundred
dollars worth of aid and that's like
that right there it's just so it's even
even crazier so we just wanted to say
thank you guys you guys are truly
amazing and don't forget you can still
donate we're gonna leave it open till
Monday if you can donate anything I've
been seeing the most hilarious
contributions like 22 23 or 22 like 17
or there was one of 15.5 for cents you
know I just thought it was so funny that
when you guys are actually donating
you're doing it in hilarious fashion but
at the same time you're actually helping
and if you guys didn't know every person
who donates whether it's a dollar $100
$50 anything don't realize that this is
the pin right here this is our faces
actual face is smeared onto this thing
and for everybody who doing creepy those
ones the previous one every person that
donates you're gonna be entered in to
win this I know it's not the most
feeling but it's something we just wanna
say thank you guys so much for going out
of your way to help those that need it
most right now animals humans families
kids we just wanted to say thank you and
hope you enjoyed today's video and we
will see you guys
my voice is doing I playlist hopefully
if we don't see you guys we'll see you
tomorrow always in the video so don't
forget to subscribe
I know YouTube's really weird now they
change the whole layout I actually have
no idea what the subscribe button is
subscribe subscribe like the video
and we will see you tomorrow I guess
