good morning Internet so we are on the
way to the vet because Zoey's got to get
some x-rays she's not looking at me
right now she's a little pissed off Zoey
Zoey look at the camera no there we go
so in order to get an accurate x-ray
they actually have to sedate Zoey
because she's such a spaz and if you
ever ever ever had an x-ray you cannot
move yeah so she's gonna do that for a
couple hours and then Marley's is coming
for moral support
right now she's always putting the
window down and then walk it away yeah
your big ears up oh don't cry it's be
fine she is hiding behind Marley we're
like yeah come through me now anyone
lose a glove I can't be the only one
like when you're rendering something out
and it's like 98% or something like that
and there's only a couple seconds left
you're like man I could probably kick
like click cancel and get away with it I
know I'm not the only one be honest more
grass so we ordered some more grass
because we want to kind of fix this area
you can actually see where it's kind of
dead over here right there Marley has
been very very mopey what's Bochy
what's Bochy really but Marley has been
super mopey and this is the first time
she's actually going I called the vet to
check up on Zoey they haven't started
the x-rays yet so she's gonna be
hopefully done in the next half hour
maybe hour or something like that hey
Marley walk away don't listen to me so
this is Ali's crazy outfit for today
Lucy do a little model strut come on
nice sexy
yeah shake it baby shake it
Wow yours fan
let's see your hair we haven't seen your
hair yet what are you thinking in it I
think it looks good I know you're drunk
internet what do you think of Ally's new
hair I like it Marley is a little cold
they're just flying around the house
you're doing it wrong I have to admit
that is probably the weirdest thing I've
seen just sawing grass exactly so I just
called the vet the good news is that
actually nothing is showing up wrong
with her she's just being a spaz I think
just chasing after imaginary things but
she's not fully awake cuz they had to
sedate her like I said cuz she's crazy
listening but she's just being bad it's
different than her being bad without us
knowing where it is let me see your face
your face for a second ally I found a
beetle I'm gonna I'm gonna call him
Ringo Ringo
well you want to see Ringo oh good Ringo
the beetle and we're putting Ringo on
your head okay well there's a B next you
shoot away go away at the bee what do
you think Internet pretty good
nice tank top where'd you get it huh huh
rushing over to go get those Oh brain
right now she should be waking up from
her groggy nap and then give her lots of
food and treats for being so awesome she
is still out of it
she is mad at me she's not even so he'd
turn around she is pissed at me I'm
sorry Luke was back she's like where'd
you go where'd you go don't leave me
again don't ever leave me again
she's all out of it she's out of it look
at her walk come on Zoe can you walk
you're like a drunk a little person come
on
yeah drunk person come on Zoe let's go
inside look how drunk she looks you okay
whoa man this is crazy so I found
randomly on the internet from like a
burlap bag or something like that this
recipe for two ingredient cookies dig it
up banana you mash it up and put a cup
of quick oats and you mix it all
together and then you bake it at 350
it's called like two ingredient and
perrolli it's really good so I'm gonna
try I've been making these two step
cookies or two ready cookies and I'm
assuming they're good for dogs it's just
banana and oats and just watch her just
oh I'm gonna lose a finger on this one
put your hands back in there now right
yeah so I just finished my little cookie
so I'll try it what you want one of the
M&Ms or or the chocolate chips with a
regular
not bad she's like um really simple
banana bread kinda yeah so Zoe still
recovering two hours later and she still
has not barked one time she keeps
wobbling and sitting down hasn't barked
he's totally out of it huh
how you feelin Zoe okay so basically Zoe
had to get x-rays check her leg and I'm
just gonna keep recording this this is
pretty frickin adorable
don't you know one day what happens to
your toys at night when you go to sleep
those are the creepiest freakin dolls
I've ever seen in my entire life
oh my god they're so scary don't they
look like they would murder you that's
terrifying okay this one definitely wins
for creepiest baby my mom and I are
doing some left and it run around Target
and buy stuff because we are going to
New York as weekend actually she's doing
her happy dance I'm really really
excited we're gonna go up there we are
assholes we are assholes we are assholes
we are I suppose we'll come from over
there sweeping and we're coming into
public it's like 9:45 they closed in
like 10 minutes
so I'm just kind of hanging out with Zoe
making sure she's okay
she's still she's feeling a lot better
she's not as drunk as she was Zoe don't
forget to bring a towel I do have some
pretty good news actually I forgot to
tell you guys a long time ago that Allie
and I are gonna be at playlist live but
on Saturday I have a show so what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna get on an airplane
I'm gonna fly out I'm gonna play the
show get on an airplane right after
playing on the show and fly right back
the same day so that's gonna be cool
hopefully you guys will be there and I
think we're gonna have like a
meet-and-greet and stuff on maybe Sunday
I think it'll be all scheduled on
playlist on top of that for VidCon
because last year I missed because a
Warped Tour so I came up with a
brilliant idea so this way I do not miss
VidCon we the Kings will be playing
VidCon so not only will myself be there
the rest of the boys and we the Kings
will be there as well so I thought that
was a pretty good compromise what do you
think right that's a good compromise
right okay that was super cool I went to
the deli and it was about to be closed
and I was I felt so bad I asked a guy if
the deli was closed and he's like no
I'll help you and then halfway through
giving you my order he's like by the way
I love your show how long has it been
now and I was like oh my god that's
awesome so he was the subscriber he was
a CTFxC heir and he was a badass so you
know what we've got cool people all over
the world I also have to buy another
ticket right now because we're gonna go
up and hang out with Jesse and Jeana at
the first week of April which is going
to be great because I didn't get to go
up and hang out when Ali was up there so
yeah
good news news is coming out of my mouth
now some on a drunk yeah a lot of good
news news is coming out of my mouth now
am I drunk
yeah a lot of good news news is coming
out of my mouth now am I drunk
alright guys well it's time to go to bed
and yeah so since Zoey hasn't been
feeling really good and she's still
pretty doped up today secret phrase is
don't forget to bring your towel Zoey
there you go all right time to feel
better hey so if you guys forgot to
watch the baby food challenge you can
click right here and watch it trust me
it's worth watching just maybe put that
a sandwich or something like that also
if you're not subscribed to my channel
YouTube icon says Charles Trippy please
make sure you are subscribed to them and
start doing more skits into awesome
little videos plus the hair montage
video will be on that channel soon so go
check out the baby food challenge send
it to all new parents they might be able
to relate to that so alright I'll see
you guys tomorrow bye
yes
giddy with child tripping
with European Ally don't forget
