but what's going on is there a bee over
here
there's a bee there's a bee there's a
bee on the screen is this your lawn
maintenance outfit so two things are
happening today first one we're going to
be doing the baby food challenge that's
actually live right now on YouTube by
contest Charles Trippy links here I'll
put a link at the end of the the video
and the second one Ali is going to be
cutting her hair short to here again so
yeah a lot of stuff happened today
what's wrong with you oh are you still
drugged for the fish bowl I think so I
woke up like five times last night show
them my own and not show yours look
Ashley magic I know that's what you get
yeah that's what you get you're such a
dick you're at you're one of the pool no
charge go you know that's payback you
can't get me back going pool are you
going in the pond which one do you want
you're walking kind of funny there buddy
what's going on yeah take the shirt off
and then you'll feel fit take it off and
it won't be so colors I get hot okay
feels great it's like 50 degrees I know
it is that's what you get for being a
huge ass don't go in the hall to wet
clothes try don't oh my god do not jump
in the pool you're gonna be so cold
don't
well I just put chlorine in the pool so
those pants aren't going to look the
same every time I put the sweater on I
put it on backwards and I want to film
this because if I literally get this
right the first time it will be the very
first time I've ever put the shirt
sweater on the proper way oh my god
dum-dum-dum that your hair it says the
March and you're like trying to clue me
in to something and I'm like I'm not
getting help so Ali is going to be
cutting her hair be nervous a little bit
because it's finished for a long time as
I've had my hair doesn't our name know
short hair
5010 vlogs you have short hair now
really yeah 9 2009 or 2010 was the last
time I had short started growing my hair
out for the wedding
yep actually one of those guys on the
internet world what do you guys do what
I'm saying like think of a clock and
where do you put your hands how do you
do noon noon and your cell phone tell me
in the comments I usually do 6 a lot of
people do 6 like what to hear so all
that Ally's gonna let me make the first
cut snip snip snip I'm gonna get your
face I love it I love it and I will give
you those I love it
here you go oh my god crawl eyes like
the snake that we found it under the
deck that's the after it's short hairy
looks really good already like it do you
like it yeah
are you eating all their pretzels
it is
looking good
so I the leave uh basically the Strand
alley because I have a guy so he has an
appointment
her legs been kind of goofing up I think
she's kind of like deserting herself
baby chasing rocks and fun stuff like
Zoey does yep
I'm an idiot Marley has officially
pissed off at me right now she's
probably gonna poop on everything and
just destroy didn't she
yeah you don't know where we're going do
you or do you can't have an idea you
gotta have an idea don't you
I didn't lie told you I know I told you
to check messages that we both got from
Charles and from my bed I said to Dennis
do you want anything from Tijuana flat
just guess what his responsible that's
not really an appropriate response and
this is what Charles said to me the shop
gonna die I didn't even tell you here's
my finish new hair
I forgot the Charles left before I got
the chance to show you my finished hair
but check out I like it see all done all
done though zoe has an appointment to
get x-rays tomorrow because she's so
crazy when she goes there they can't
like do it when she we can't just be
like hey Zoe just chill she doesn't do
it so tomorrow they gotta do like do a
whole day of just trying to get
expertise up so he's like cuz she's a
super spaz reunited Marly was so angry
you pretend like you don't like Marly
but you really do you're even sharing
your stick together maybe not
spoke too soon making things difficult
we got to go back and get those extra
hands so yeah I think I probably pulled
something pulled a hammie
you pulled a hammie hey so I was just
getting dog food and there was a dog in
front just sitting there face and the
eyes were exactly like Zoe and the body
was exactly like Marla here I have a
photo look at this okay tell me that
does not look like a giant combination
of Zoe and Marley so like I said we were
doing the baby food challenge it's on
right now it's actually live on YouTube
by cops that's Charles Trippy so here
are the rules you'll be able to see this
at the end of the video you can click
down there I'm gonna pick four for Allie
to eat and then you're gonna pick four
for me t oh you're eating four I'm
making you eat four but I gotta find
yours oh my god beef and beef broth you
are eating creamy chicken noodle dinner
ah all right you are going to get beef
and beef broth oh here we go
I actually got one okay I'll get you
I'll get you a good one I got you one
good I'll get you a good one
meat sticks ah in water change my mind
first prunes she was worried about me
farting earlier so we are setting up for
the baby food challenge you get all the
baby foods get the spoons
you ready it's gonna be so good you oh
look at this this is the aftermath of
just one of these I just want to show
you look how happy zoe is right now that
is that's just good to tell you right
now look just close that forever so this
is literally probably goes as one of the
grossest things look at this look at
this this is what we did for the Garland
basically one of the grossest thing I've
ever done but look at the dogs they
freaking love it they're like oh yeah oh
yeah give it to me right now and all the
craziness that's happened today
I completely forgot today March 6 is my
one-year surge of bursaries it's a real
thing so yeah today a year ago March 6
2012 was when I had certain brain
surgery to remove the brain slug 2012
crazy Luca Merli a little jealous right
now come on dude that's my uncle
and as always chillin hunter bone just
hiding everything from Luca I got my
little teddy got my bone I think there's
another one over here my Jeremy guy yeah
yeah that was good Ali's next video it
is like watching 200 YouTube videos on
makeup at work I
learn so much and I watch a lot of
YouTube videos on me so that means you
should watch ask Ali uh wait hold on
wait wait and yet the credit card I got
to accept square oh my gosh I was trying
to make a joke and now as always passed
out okay so we are getting ready to go
to bed now we did the most awful
challenge ever was gonna say something
all sweet and sentimental about how
exciting it is the today's is one year
anniversary of surgery and they vibrate
and then he goes for parts on us oh my
god touching not really just happen that
didn't alright everybody so today's
secret phrase is happy mother surgery
bursar ray hey so if you look over there
you'll see that we did the baby food
challenge uh suggested by you guys you
guys are mean I honestly feel a little
betrayed I honestly thought it was an
exaggeration but watch the video you'll
see what I'm talking about spoiler alert
I throw up all right guys go check out
the video we love you do with it
chilling it
hardly wait
where's ePSXe
giddy withdrawal trippy
we're Cynthia
and us with shardene
don't forget so anymore
