so we just had a bunch of grass
delivered today put that on a list of
dumb things you buy grass dirt and rocks
but my life I are just outside she's
supporting me while I you know clean the
pool and do my other household duties
and I look inside and that is where Zoey
is like Queen Queen Zoey just sprawled
out on the bed Zoey wins it's so funny
Marley's a righty and Zoey's a lefty
whoa see Zoey with the left and then
Riley with the right every single time
you see how much faster this is go away
seven minutes it used to take 15 or 16
Allie when did we get a bird is it kind
of weird that we're just moving grass
yeah it's like the world's easiest
puzzle everything is just a rectangle
excuse me ma'am ma'am Dennis just found
this at the spider and at the sack of
eggs now that bugs they also eat me when
I'm sleeping and go on my mouth and legs
my brain throw a lot of spiders I quit
Molly Oh Zoli G which one they're
everywhere but what so we took you guys
as advice and we decided we're just
gonna re sod everything up and then
Marley's gonna do something obviously
and then maybe do like an awesome fire
pit
and then kind of go from there barley is
just getting in trouble
lay down the last piece of the that
looks amazing
so what do you think Internet was this a
good idea what do you guys think should
we do a temporary like fire pit or like
a permanent like fire pit or hammock or
what do you guys think tell us in the
comments because like I said earlier
we're basically using your guys's ideas
for all this dennis alley and charles
constructed marley approved Oh at Marley
oh now we got to cover up where the
banana tree was and where the sand was
eroding so we turned around
couldn't find Marley and this is where
Marley was excuse me Marley this moves
are by tiny bit okay I just want to show
you guys the contrast that that I don't
know if anyone could see the yellow
outline I did not put makeup on her
again that is pollen all over her face
let me see you sexy legs even cooler oh
good
oh my god Danny R Dan Dennett Donna
Donna so we just went to the peel box
and our good friends over at AIIMS
are big fans of Zooey Marley so they
sent us ok these new things called Shay
cables all right so they sent us chicken
turkey and Limp gobble them up okay the
unique thing about these things is
they're packaged in these cans so when
you shake them what when you shake them
as you can see they perked up
oh my dancing yeah wait stay okay
I'm gonna test this it has to shake
ability here okay all right hold on
let's do some tricks you guys can't just
get free food yeah I got the ultimate
test in the pie there we go down low all
right Zoe what do you rate this do you
bought that yeah also I would have let
you guys know they're not just sending
them to Zoe moly
they wanted to send it to you guys out
in CTFxC internet land just go to just
one shake calm slash CTFxC links down
there in this description or right here
on the screen and they'll send you three
free cans just for the CTFxC so thank
you and I'll hope you guys enjoy your
shaker balls for your dogs out there in
the internet links down there we're
listening to Justin's new song and
Ally's rocking out do you want to do you
want an onion ring oh yeah yeah you guys
want an onion ring straight down here if
you want it's free it's free are you
gonna get a fish bowl I got the fish
bowl Ally's getting the beach bull beach
ball
holy crap
I just so they wouldn't just give me
this I had to pretend that I was sharing
with Lauren so we're sharing right now
go for it go for it drunk wife oh that's
because this is like the germaphobes
worst nightmare
Lenalee comes in like a fish my dad just
has random cups in this jacket
next time you meet him just ask them to
see his cups so good we got this one and
then we have this one got two colors yep
did you just take all the bacon Lauren's
like I don't want any healthy stuff just
give me the bacon over here I call him
mr. pasta face with a mustache
Internet one to ten scale what's mr.
pasta face right to you guys
I say it's a 10 and a half hundred years
when you're dead it'll be worth eight
million dollars focus with us all
I like hocus-pocus better I'm just being
obnoxious right now Oh Melissa and I
were younger when we couldn't eat
anything we would hold all the straws
are in the way we would be spaced apart
the straws would always give my father
all the food so now Lauren and my dad
you remember the round steaks and had
that narrow inside oh yes he was
Sicilians I don't get it as far as
taking Jack
oh yeah that is true that is true you're
gonna have some fun oh by the way good
but by the way as you can tell everyone
thought from my 15 second short story on
the tripi channel that you were pregnant
I've been trying alright guys well it's
time to go to bed what are you grinding
your face anyway I will see you guys
tomorrow don't forget to get your free
your free trial of the the shaker bowls
and stuff like that oh and don't worry
tomorrow we are definitely doing the
baby food challenge with the whole doing
the the grass and all that stuff we got
sidetracked but I promise tomorrow will
be the baby food challenge and I but I
will see you guys tomorrow as always
have a great night and I already said it
but I will see you guys tomorrow
see what you did
wait
worse yet
which are tripping
and Ali
