this is always absolute favorite place
to be every single time Charles RI do
laundry so he comes in and lays on top
of all the dirty clothes don't bother
your sister dirty make it all dirty
come on rocks got rocks in my shoe
alleys all fancy hi
I know what's gonna make this outfit
even better you ready for this oh wait
you're gonna do your bug glasses deal
with it oh boy
oh I'm driving really feel like I got
gypped today that's like a cup full of
ice you know you still have makeup on
your face right now Marley but you can
Juke him you can Juke him run in a
circle that's hope never gonna happen
so looking at Marley right now and her
little nose you'll notice yeah we got
out of shadows her pink her pink nose
came back out of nowhere her pig nose is
back now apparently Justin tink all see
check and Marley's that move the closer
to the sample of mine we're having a
discussion about a linguistic phenomena
that occurs specifically in English I'm
sure another languages as well but I can
only think of English examples when you
have a word that's spelled the same way
but if you change the inflection like if
you change the stress of the word it
actually means two different or the
inflection or the right put the accent
on the wrongful of the ones that we've
come up with our house and house so like
to house something or to like have a
house with this world the same way it's
all the same progress and progress
complex and complex and we're trying to
figure out
address and address because they're so
if you guys have any other ones tell us
in the comments and was just compiled a
giant list so far we got what four or
five three three or four it's like a
crazy one that's like a weird one but if
you can think of think of some more and
tell us in the comments
everyone just pile in your ideas you
think of anything that it has to be
spelled the same pronounced with a
different inflection and it means two
different things
Marley what do you want because that's
just that's just a conjugation change oh
so I just tested our internet and I
didn't realize how slow for some reason
they started throttling us so I called
them and I'm gonna do a speed test right
now this should be our new apparently
it's magic so this is what LTE is we'll
see how fast LTE is compared it's pretty
slow well apparently it's so fast my
computer can't even work okay do you
press just go walk away we're gonna test
this later it's just as I was walking
out the door it started working alright
begin test whoa that's actually pretty
fast
you guys just hanging out apparently
Marley's looking at that bird over there
I don't know if you guys can see it
right there
there was this comic that you guys sent
me on Twitter well this is basically
what's happening every time we're coming
back to Home Depot you know here I'm
just going to reenact it right now no I
just got bit by a dad I feel the
transformation starting
I would go to tack
I've been put in charge of making sure
Ali's purse doesn't disappear honey
don't worry it's I'm securing your purse
it's okay don't worry no one's gonna
steal your purse now don't worry your
purse is safe excuse me sir can you back
up sir Sir excuse me ma'am
just back off excuse me excuse me
she's gonna protect this and oh I'm so
sorry
ma'am keep your distance ma'am excuse me
sir
deal with it is that your new phrase no
I'll deal with it anyway so
oh I haven't put these on in a while
yeah let's yeah let's do that how to
grow instantly and be the world's
tallest man have artificial legs or
drink your milk
whichever you know in eat your
vegetables I got my sexy assistant to
strap me in nice as the sexiest face
with the sexiest face okay now I gotta
strapped in that's what she said oh did
I just bring a 2009 joke into 2013 I did
I did
and I'll leave it right there it won't
go past March lousy smart weather this
is gonna be a trip to the emergency room
yeah four feet and him now the tallest
man oh I can't even watch this this is
like charm you like I feel like a baby
deer for the first time or a giraffe I'm
just like trying
this is my impression is my impression
of a giraffe walking for the first time
hi this is I'm so not okay with this
I'm very wedding oh my gosh just imagine
the boughs that's all yeah breed
something from the top maybe I should
wear those next time okay okay this
would be crazy if I was honestly the
world's tallest man I would have to
literally go okay so he's always trying
to top me right now to my advantage son
of a bitch you know it's kind of weird
like being up here with being this high
I was this tall like permanently this
tall I think I'd have vertigo like it's
it's kind of crazy like feel like I'm in
a world like an Alice in Wonderland
everything always having the duck so out
of curiosity I learnt here exactly how
tall I am
never use your teeth okay you ready I'm
gonna say I'm going to be ten feet tall
ten - I'm ten foot - why did I say ten -
oh my god baby Simon what at seven one
seven three sounds like a basketball
player this is like with normal
basketball players
I'll call Shaquille O'Neal I think
Shaquille O'Neal's that tall I like how
you have to get on a chair to do this
yeah what I think you're a 7 3 7 3 Wow
okay how do I get out so I just want to
show you this alleys enjoying Paper
Mario so we're gonna go to bed oh I
should say I'm gonna go to bed Ali's
gonna continue playing your video game I
was reading in Twitter you guys want us
to do this thing cause it's like the
baby food challenge or something like
that so what I'm going to ask you guys
in the comments for today's secret
phrase tell us the type of flavors or
foods we should try and we will try it
tomorrow for now I will see you guys
later
good night have a great night
it's coming other RV wait
where's he at
with y'all trippin
with Gianelli
