take a seat take a seat dick take a seat
come on take a promise I'm not pranking
you know about pretty quick over here so
I can see your beautiful face take a
seat there we go you've been wondering
how long have been planning that prank
great I'm gonna show you something and I
want to show you guys I forgot to
include it in the actual actual prank I
completely forgot about it but this
started back in November 20th 2012 just
I was sneaking all these shots of you
and then I was gonna end up putting them
to show how addicted you are do you
remember me filming all these all right
here's the little montage of what I was
gonna include of Ally just ignoring the
world playing heard yes
do you remember doing the engagement
ring prank you don't remember when you
pretended to drop your engagement ring
in the yes that's me
getting her back now yes no okay we need
we need a tally right now how many
pranks has Ally done to me and I have
done to you way more I'm gonna go all
day no one will talk to you I can't
believe the guy from Ocean City South
you can make yourself before you to
Spencer oh no it's not quite long enough
on the side somebody stop me
that's not even sure no that's Jim
Carrey I ain't going to spinkle Finkle
is Einhorn Marley it's a Stalin but
Hager now immediately Marley gives a
mohawk so friggin woody look it I got
what this nope it's not up to your
standards of the length of a stick fine
you want putting it right there
you can have it for later realize it's
there so we are taking your guys's
advice we're not gonna rebuild the deck
right away what we're gonna do is we're
gonna try to remove all these stones and
make some sort of cool little path it
looks totally okay let me show you it
looks completely differently right now
look at this like more of a yard what
are you doing over there
did you do something bad I have a
feeling you did I got inspect are you
brown anywhere no you're pretty white
it's pretty white unless you roll down
there face your face is full of poop you
go actually I wanted to get you guys as
opinions okay so you guys decided that
we shouldn't rebuild the deck so now
here's the other decision do you guys
think we should keep the rocks or do you
think we should do
ass or dirt or sand or something tell us
in the comments because we've been
basically using you guys's opinions to
determine what we doing here baby not
rocks but maybe something else I don't
know if grass or sand or something would
be well maybe like a beach be kinda cool
to make a big beach Marley are you
supposed to be there oh I could try to
help dig get him I like dig I'm not
really supposed to do that
fully dig I'm just gonna casually dig
him this it was like kitty litter she's
I think she's trying to mimic you right
now whoa what is that plug that hole
wait maybe we'll stop the erosion the
unbeatable dirt I just don't get it why
can't I dig here this is weird and she
discovered where the dirt really could
be dug and Marley's face is completely
black now she's trying to help
Marley find the dinosaur bones find oil
make us millionaires up board father
there's nothing there I must check here
find a brontosaurus came here it's a
ring neck for sure hey no no no let's
not do that
oh yeah I think it's about time since
you know not cool we like to ring neck
so you're king snake basically right oh
it's very appropriate it's a ring next
thing I didn't know if it was a kind of
king snake or not yeah ring man whatever
it's not gonna hurt you it's so tiny
really baby we should keep him I will
name him tread show Zoe Zoe look what's
this sorry what this what is that
I don't think she's ever seen a snake
before Marley has no care in the world
Marley look what's this no wow
he's already digging slithery yeah what
happens he said oh he's smelling me
he's so cool he's trying to dig into my
okay did the Internet of course didn't I
turn the camera on she's like I'm not
guilty
oh no kill - I didn't do it Zoey sit
under the bushes which is not how listen
to my instruction she just wants us to
thirst I don't wake so she can chase it
we found another one
ally another baby coming love a baby or
a sweet little baby come here we will
meet you tomorrow almost there okay
pretty much got everything done come on
come on
but okay it's fair I'm pretty dirty I
should probably get cleaned
here's the traditional speed family
authentic Chinese food carnage and here
as always our fortunes
I think the award for the most difficult
to understand goes to this one so I have
to get some more because I've actually
been doing the whole like the smoothies
like fruit smoothies every single
morning now instead of like
traditionally coffee I've been limiting
basically coffee and like drinking any
alcohol and stuff like that for the past
week and it's kind of crazy like I feel
so off Christ crazy duh obviously and
feel
better but I've been trying to do that
and then getting a little bit more like
exercise it's crazy how much of tiny
little difference can actually make you
know what I mean what I have to admit I
do miss my coffee love-hate fight at
Charles
fight it much better now that is how you
make a frickin sandwich bleh ah but the
SIL blue blue blue
well stuff of the bed I will see you
guys tomorrow don't forget if you didn't
see the the epic prank where I basically
switch this out for a broken one and
tricked Ally and threw it in the pool
craziness ensued I feared for my life
genuinely feared for my life so it's on
the youtube that helps us Charles Trippy
channel you can click on the thing that
links them in the description go check
that out guys also the $15 t-shirt sale
and take-up share up sale is still going
on it's only a couple days left so if
you guys want that all that stuff down
there in the video description but I
will see you guys tomorrow enjoy that
video click right there and you go check
out thank you feel ready laughs and go
watch it again is all your friends all
your family and I hope you guys enjoy it
was like I said earlier I feared for my
life but it was definitely worth it as
long as you guys are entertained so yeah
click right here on the box and I'll see
you guys over there alright
worse 80s
giddy with y'all trippin
with definitely don't forget to eat
barley
