goodbye Richard deck so keeping with the
theme of cleaning up everything we are
deciding to get rid of this deathtrap
that is the stick
I know whoever is the right kind of
screws I mean this is so dangerous he's
all just arrested so we're gonna try to
redo the deck and make it super awesome
and believe it or not it was cold
yesterday I'm in a tank top again
bipolar Florida so oh what's this that's
all you get
yeah so I got some more demos of the the
new album Travis to send some more of
the demos away here we're here some more
yeah so I'm just taking some notes right
now finishing it we're trying to finish
up this album hopefully in the next
couple months and uh it is coming
together so good it's just like it's got
such a only got epic loud just rock kind
of just awesome sound to it and better
turn it down a little bit more cuz you
guys part you know it's just sounding so
so good and a lot of people are asking
you know for updates and stuff it we're
still working on it and it's gonna come
out so good you know I'm really excited
because it's the first album you know
being apart officially with we the kings
I've been you know the basis for two
years now almost and this is the first
album I got to work on other than you
know like party fun and stuff I cannot
wait for the CTFxC to get it and I know
I know you guys are just going to love
it we got to make a pinky promise when
this thing comes out we got to make this
thing go platinum triple platinum so
that way I can get a freaking stove and
a tour bus here I'll make a deal with
you guys if this thing goes triple
platinum Ali and I will have three kids
one for each platinum record deal I'm
just kidding do you guys wanna hear my
favorite song on the record
that's how you get though that's my
favorite song so far in the record I
can't tell you the titles yet because
they're still tentative titles we the
CTFxC perfect combination of we the
Kings in CTFxC and the best I know I
keep talking about I'm just really
really excited I'm like a little
schoolgirl the best part about this
album is if you weren't necessarily I'll
we the King fan
did I just spit all over Ike if you want
to we're the king fan to begin with I
think with this new record you guys
actually might because you seen the
whole process now and hopefully you guys
dig it do your best
grant we are power tooling around that
it's pretty funny because every time we
pull a board out Zoe comes over like
inspect that she like climbs between the
joists that's really cute so it's coming
well I shouldn't say coming together oh
hi hi I'm sorry I didn't I wasn't paying
enough attention to Marley are you still
barking at the water I would like to get
a fish please you're gonna fall in there
one day you better be careful so this is
the skeleton of the deck this is how a
well-behaved Marley is she is that close
to the sandwich I put her in the pool
and then I thought she was going up
there cuz she's you know a little
annoyed but then I realized we're
ignoring Marley we're ignoring Wiley
she's like wait where you guys going you
left the sandwich can I eat it
all right let's see who built this the
shoddy the shoddy Christmas you screw it
what are you hunting oh there's a stick
get it well okay hey you're gonna try to
take our little time lapse but there's a
camera on here I'm not supposed to take
it oh well I'm just gonna take it you
don't need this right you're being very
very cautious with that camera a very
smart of you
crawl under it nope you gotta crawl
under it would you do you want some
tetanus here Dennis you want some
tetanus anyway Internet want some
tetanus Zowie tetanus
we have enough tetanus for everybody you
want some holy cannoli I mean come on
use your manpower manpower come on Oh
your manpower is not working so the top
part is off now we got to do it all over
again for the structure they actually
come right up Marley the foreman
overseeing the construction job woman's
strength get it get it get it
crazy lady with a hammer the hammer Thor
so far we've removed this much of the
deck which is kind of crazy frees up a
tremendous portion of watch Zoe Zoe Zoe
I got a stick I got a rock well I got
one ready throw in the water so you got
one for real and then Marley's is like
what is she doing you got a whack it
really hard all I want to do this
alright give it a whirl
it'll whack whack them all always like
oh oh play it's okay
go oh oh yeah oh yeah Mike
good house so he's like oh wait no this
is my game nice good girl we got Marley
the foreman overseeing it although you
taking care of your sissy cuz she scared
the sledgehammer what a good sister
you're a good girl mama I'm so she's
like the tiniest she's made her buddy
into the tiniest little ball she
possibly can't go man go
hey-ya hey-ya oh my god okay there's
like screws everywhere don't jab that
into your leg nice look at macho man
that's this concrete is a concrete right
just like this much concrete on this
thing that one's gonna be tough that's
not the same people though I see walks I
mean the javis no Charles trip is
tried-and-true stump removal look in
this thing is crazy
no one said it wasn't exhausting it's
just tried and true
maybe don't put all gigantic hole in our
screen though probably not good
nothing makes you feel more manly when
you're doing some destructive work and
when you get a pat on the ass from a
chick good job padding it doesn't it
doesn't it did it did it oh there we go
she just likes to be clean she's smart
enough to put two and two together that
when she rolls in poof she gets cleaned
and then she gets blow-dried
you on the other hand are like can I
please not get that today I didn't roll
in anything please thank you I'd be
great spoiled brats
okay all right all right guys well I'm
going to pass out now it is it's been a
long couple days we've been doing all
these these house these house some home
improvement things and that's
sledgehammer thing just knock me on my
butt so I'll see you guys tomorrow good
night
psst
giddy with child tripping
with trippy
