rain rain go away rain rain go off
stupid rain so today I actually woke up
super early I woke up at 9 o'clock in
the morning super early for me and I
wanted to be really productive go out
for a run and do all this stuff this is
what I have to do you don't want to I
think I'm just gonna go for a run anyway
I feel like that could be still okay hey
Wow hey what's up think you are wet so I
did it
I just ran in the rain actually you know
it's kind of funny like it's feels a
little bit better
I've been obviously running in the
breeding down son of Florida refreshed
so with all these allergies I'm going to
the doctor and trying to combat I guess
Florida allergies I shouldn't say I hate
the Duggar I like the doctor but I don't
like 9 I like the back I don't think
anyone does Ali's got it rain boots on I
going to get the prescription now get
all the pollen and stuff like that
yesterday how clean the pot well was how
I came in from my phone call hold that
thought and resume but yeah last night
we could really forgot to show this I
was so disgusting I went into a mom's
kitchen we were all eating dinner last
night together my face was completely
yellow I like I was washing my hands I
went to bath when I wash my hands I was
looking in the mirror I was like why is
my head yellow it was from all the
pollen and it wasn't yellow anywhere
here because I had been wiping my face
with my hands cuz I was sweating look
like makeup or head was
completely that like piss yellow color
pollen and we cleared the entire yard of
the pollen woke up this morning to go
run all of its back even worse you don't
want to fight game to play is go to car
dealerships and try driving every single
car I think we did it two thousand nine
or ten we just went around and driving
all the fancy cars if they dressed the
way we are I think we should do that now
see we could find like a Maserati
dealership yes sir I would like to have
four Maseratis please we just pulled in
and as we pulled in one of the cars are
being towed let's get one of these cars
I think any dealership should have like
the the tow trucks take the back end
Starbucks alright let's test this one
out first the bad boy this is a fun game
wait how do you unlock it unlock unlock
and all I had to make us do a detour
yeah so have you ever had one of those
days where you just what I want to know
you what have you ever one of those days
we just want to quote my biscuit lyrics
oh oh such a such a day dead end dead
end
remember someone's head off
so I was waiting for 45 minutes at the
pharmacy for my allergy stuff and they
apparently they kept saying my insurance
wasn't covering it and then I was on the
phone with my insurance company and they
were like no it does and so my insurance
company is yeah it was so funny I wanted
to film it but obviously I can't film
that but like the the church company on
my phone was yelling at the apartment C
person through the glass on the phone
like no you're wrong it was up it was
just a cluster - one of those days
justifies ripping someone's head off
what the hell are these things they're
like freaking horse tranquilizers look
at that you know you can turn any crappy
day upside down tacos or burritos either
one either or will always make your day
way better and it's Tuesday so Taco
Tuesday we had cooking the I love and I
feel like here is a breakthrough but I
have to show you guys are you ready for
this you ready for this are you actually
gonna get over your fear no freaky Wow
I've been wailing rip it again bite by
your hands don't rip it that way rip it
with your hands no but I've had to get
over it in the eye bacon Eclipse Luis so
one day I just sat and I rip Fox paper
over I want to see you rip it with your
hands you can't do it this is good this
is good progress
oh my baby fleepy did you tell him
you're sick yeah the allergies are
making me the medicine the friggin horse
pills they are gigantic
what do you showed me as puzzles like
are this the time what if they were but
I guess we totally have spring cleaning
fever I've just been cleaning my entire
bathroom and I clean the outside of the
shower since yesterday Charles that all
that cleaning I wanted to sort of do my
fair share and help out but there's
something that has been taking me off
beyond belief in my bathroom and I want
to know if this is our happy - you guys
I replaced these lights a little while
ago and look at this this is burned out
I have had
the reed bulbs burn out since I changed
those three weeks ago and I have no idea
why it's the correct wattage I don't
know what the deal is so I don't know if
it's just the type of bulbs that they
are but if you guys have ever
experienced this before and you know why
it's doing that
please tell me because I don't know and
my mom doesn't know and Charles doesn't
know and it's pissing yeah and I don't
have to keep buying light bulbs it makes
no sense and now we're going to play a
game called will it make Charles let's
start with something simple okay so no
one that doesn't wake him
okay no I'm the crinkling that also
doesn't wake him
made appearances in the vlogs I was like
so the guitar woke you up didn't get
better than this and there you have it
ladies and gentlemen that is how you
wake up Charles
and pretty much anybody else who's
sleeping if you strum a guitar in their
face or blow of boo-boos Ella in their
ear they're definitely gonna wake up all
right guys it's about time for us to go
to bed I know today was sort of
uneventful we were both just feeling
really under the weather but I think
everything is gonna be much better
tomorrow it's rained a couple of times
so I think all the pollens going away
you know I never thought I had allergies
in my entire life and then all of a
sudden BAM it just all sort of hit me
and it's crazy it totally sucks I wish I
could just go outside and not deal with
stuff like that but it's really common
apparently and I didn't know that but
what I did find out which was really
cool is that if you get a teaspoonful
lime see not just one teaspoonful but if
you can take a teaspoon full of honey
each day from a local like beekeeper it
apparently will help you with your
allergies because the bees are
pollinating on the plants that are
producing the pollen in your area and so
it actually kind of builds up an
immunity I've heard that before and I
thought that was a really cool natural
remedy for allergy so if you guys have
ever tried that let me know - I'm asking
you guys a ton of questions today so
yeah that's it for today and as always
we will see you guys tomorrow thank you
so much for watching today's video be
sure to subscribe
all ready all right I'll see you
tomorrow love you guys can I say good
night sick boy Oh baby it'll be better
tomorrow good night
the other RV wait
yes
with tripping
Cinthia
to be an ally don't forget
