running out of time every day goes by so
fast hey babe hey how's it going that's
good
I know I know you've been flying for a
while yeah oh hey um I haven't gotten
your clips yet for the 9th so are you
gonna be sending those over soon it's
11:30 at night no babe no the stuff that
you sent me yesterday I put in the vlog
for the 8th wait wait have you have you
recorded anything at oh no hey char I
don't want to freak out but I mean I
have a few clips that I filmed but do
you do have anything do you think you
could put anything together it's okay
it's okay
don't please don't freak out don't freak
out it's gonna be fine
we're gonna figure this out it's okay
don't worry don't worry we're not gonna
miss a day it's okay we're gonna figure
this out I love you hey guys so I have
to do this on my phone because I don't
have time for the regular traditional
like camera and stuff like that setup so
I just wanted to do like quick one take
on my side just feel that you guys know
what's going on we've left I feel like
it was like on the eighth or something
like that honestly I have no idea I mean
what what time it is I don't what day it
is I just know I have to get on a plane
relatively soon and take this long long
trip like home
I'm a little disappointed because I lost
some of my gear some of the bases and I
think couple the Pelican cases and my
personal suitcase is somewhere in the
the galaxy or at least and actually I
want to say the world because literally
could be anywhere in the world
good afternoon Internet so we have a
friend who's getting married and the
bachelorette party search for where
we're staying continues we are we're
thinking we're gonna do the keys I think
that we're kind of we're like 90 percent
set on that I should say there's still
like room for for change but um it is
kind of crazy because what we talked to
a few people and they said that it is
still kind of bad down in the keys it's
we talked to some people and they said
that it's still pretty messed up from
Hurricane Irmo it's just so unfortunate
it's not that it's not doable for us to
actually go down there and have a great
time it's more that it's just you know
they're still kind of recovering and
picking up after the mess that was left
behind so thankfully the bachelor party
isn't gonna be till later on this year
and that leaves room or leaves time for
things to change but I don't know we
just love it so much down there and
everybody that we're talking to loves it
so much down there and it holds such a
special place in our hearts but the
search continues to find a place for us
all to stay because we're not sure how
many girls are going we have an idea but
every day changed its everyday changes
but oh man I didn't really know if it
was the plane one of these things anywho
let's start our day it's so hot out
you're like this walk was intense come
on up oh I just took you for a walk it's
like he's really hot I didn't think it
was that hot over here but usually we go
about a mile and they could only go not
even like a half a mile so guess what I
put the pool out and it's got a few
little up you little like cracks in it
but it's working you want to get in I
know how much you loved the pool and I
know this is not the same thing as the
pool that was in Sarasota maybe one day
we'll be able to get a big one come here
what all right I want to get in that
come on come on come on all right come
on
Oh No
sit down I know it's small but how's
that feel
oh boy you know it's nice and o'clock
okay you're not getting in trouble that
you hold yeah there you go
oh there we go
biggest Oh Oh cousin I'm guilty it's
like you don't want to leave till it
feels good right
how is that though I always feel a
little bit bad because you know she
loved like sitting on the edge of that
pool in Sarasota and Marley obviously
loves swimming in it right now all that
we have is our little makeshift kiddie
pool these things I like it I think it's
just cuz he can swim very well and he's
kind of a doofus when it comes to water
he's liking it get in there bud yeah
good boy what are you doing who knows
maybe sometime in the future we can get
a pool I remember the one we had the
pool people come and they actually kind
of figure out an idea for a pool for us
and we showed you the different samples
one day hopefully one day got to work
really hard and we'll see what happens
but hopefully our years grass some of
the guys have already gone home on the
way home I was trying to get through
security and apparently my boarding pass
wasn't correct anymore so I had to go
wading through another line and then
like it's been a freaking day from hell
I tried to go through the other line and
they said my reservation did not exist
so that I had to go back and forth with
Delta and like for other agencies stuff
like that eventually I ended up getting
my pass yeah got my got my pass so I am
going home and this trip has been
definitely one of those days
and help and sorry man I had to go to
the smallest quietest part of the
airport otherwise I'd be getting away
lax is insane
but yeah oh this is this is an awesome
awesome trip definitely Australia tours
always one of my favourite things to do
New Zealand is one of the coolest
countries honestly wish we could have
done this a little longer but there's
only so much you can really honestly do
overseas because like it's a lot of
traveling because you can't they don't
have like here's the fun thing I don't
know if I ever explained it
they don't have tour buses in Australia
because or they do but it doesn't make
sense because if you're going like if
you look on a map of Australia it's a
huge country it's like this biggest
estates cuz like flying from Perth to
Sydney it's like six hours or five hours
which is equivalent from flying LAX to
Tampa and they don't have tour buses
because in the middle I don't know if
you guys know about Australia in the
middle Australia there's nothing but
things that want to kill you in the
outback you know lions I want to say
tigers and bears but I don't think they
have bears I'm sorry I'm a little
delirious but anyway so they don't have
tour buses because you would have to
drive through the Outback essentially
and if you can think about what happens
to tour buses you guys have seen a few
times when we're traveling tour buses
break down every once in a while if that
was the case and we're stuck in the
outback I could only imagine some of the
things that we would end up either a
getting into or be experiencing so they
don't have tour buses there so you have
to fly every morning to another place
but the one thing I did notice overseas
and say you don't have to that's kind of
crazy going through security is like one
of those things where it's like you
literally you just show him a pass you
don't you've got to show them I don't
think I even showed him an ID I think I
literally just showed my my ticket and
just walked right through security and
that's all it was didn't have to do
anything else so that was a positive on
top of like traveling the negative is
that you had to get on a plane every
single time I don't know it was it was a
lot of fun though I did have I did have
a blast I got to meet a lot of you guys
it was a lot of fun shows were great and
hopefully we're gonna end up going
Australia's home eh I just look at
myself I look we've been staying right
now well hopefully we'll end up back
over there soon we have a couple more
tours coming out we have a summer tour
coming out we have the storm a it's
really it's really special one that
we're doing I'll let you guys know as
soon as I can actually tell you about it
but for now I know I'm not supposed to
say a word so I'm just gonna say and
dangle the dangle the carrot okay that
way yeah sorry I'm so tired right now
I'm just trying to get this guy want to
send you guys a little update and what's
going on because got a little confused
with the days think I said earlier but
anyway I will see you guys in tomorrow's
video sorry for the one take have a good
night and see you tomorrow bye guys
