do not use green and I area literally
the second direction remember all
yesterday I said it didn't break
anything
I didn't brink this but I just want to
go use it because I've been doing a lot
Ally and I just didn't like another
eight miles biking I'm gonna try to do
it every single day I'm actually pretty
addicted now but I wanted to use my
Apple watch to do any more stupid data
tracking and stuff like that if you know
me as a person like you personally if
you really know me
I just love data I like stats I'm just
that type of person but anyway so one
thing go use my Apple watch and I
noticed this this was the weirdest thing
I've ever seen let me show you so I went
to touch the screen that was like eight
what's why is it like this
and then I noticed it's like a flip
phone and I can't get it to snap back so
I'm actually pretty bummed and I don't
want to get a new one because the new
ones come out in like September so it's
a couple weeks actually a couple days
punch buggy today we decided actually a
lead came up with an idea that we're
gonna do just like a face paint combat
challenge which is hopefully this just
for fun today I already know what I'm
gonna turn a lie into so I just got to
make sure we get up
I look know I'm looking looking down the
aisles oh I could look up at the top
that's right halloween is coming we got
to work on our costume he'll be kind of
hard to top the year that Ali and I
became old people
Ali came up with this idea or what I
took from jennamarbles yes I mean
everybody in the world
we decided today we kind of fund like do
some face painting again basically what
we're gonna do is we're gonna face paint
each other and I'm gonna turn him into
something and he's gonna turn me into
something so we went and got some face
paint hopefully we can come up with
something good we should just do right
now in the comments who you think's
gonna do better and then after this
we're gonna have you guys say who did do
better
I feel like a lot of you will root for
me in this situation
and ya know
well thank you but I feel like you're
gonna be underestimated you're actually
gonna do a really good job do you want
to go first you go first
I have I have water and fix house I'm
scared this is done by the sponge or
just done by your fingers I have no idea
okay so I only have I'm thinking sponge
buzzing you could do either one you can
smile can't you can't tell me that that
smile okay so I'll let you did this top
layer let me just your layer you guys
getting an idea and the viewfinder
I'm so fighting like your neighbors come
first I really was the heck are you in
my house which is a paintbrush doubt it
alright here I've been telling you the
whole time Oh her you think a poke in my
eyeball
do not use green in I area literally the
second direction see here the paintbrush
is way better
thank you first is way better I'm just
going to turn you something else you
can't see anymore no we're looking
alright okay I need another one I need
to fix a little bit of the way
unfortunately don't look at it stop
looking at an ideal piece and then you
easy
Cal tonight T that's right we have to
put the screen thing is each other so
that when we look we can't
I always get you in the eye like you won
like this last time very perfect to keep
that being shocked or something like
that okay I don't okay I think I'm good
I'm sure I'll think if I think of
something else
don't see me looking so nervous about
actually I'm a little more confident
because you actually have artistic
talent
all right guys moment of truth I have
not seen what I look like she has no
idea either so one two three lift
I can't see him okay look I was trying
to make you into a reptilian let's get
enough clothes of what mine looks like
one to ten scale on Ali my makeup on Ali
and then a 1/10 scale on Ali's seeded
scales and everything that's really good
the person you selected at the beginning
of this video
win in your opinion at the end there's
two totally different looks here I think
we're both the winner all you gotta do
is dial the number on your phone that
doesn't ever want to dial alright I'll
be coming into dreams later on tonight
oh my god Liz a man to do a job
we got a canvas and we're gonna take
turns you on the other side and we're a
smear of face just put your whole face
into it kind of cool I don't know smoosh
your face from let's dismiss your face
really cool well you can see that our
faces are a little bit cleaned off and
we had this idea that would actually be
kind of cool
so obviously you guys know what's going
on at Houston it's pretty crappy
hurricane situation and
obviously not all of us can do much but
there is something that we can do and so
what we thought we would do is set up a
Harvey kind of CTFxC relief fund where
anything that you want to donate doesn't
matter if it's a penny a big dollar
37:25 anything and trying to give back
what we potentially can and we thought
with anyone who donates you guys are
going to be thrown into this raffle
where you could win yeah this is a
painting app so basically all you got to
do is go to the link on top of the
description like I said you can donate
$1 to donate $50 you can donate 25 25
anything and then everyone who donates
doesn't matter the amount will be
entered in to get a raffle to hopefully
win this thing it's a memory and the
bottom line is you're still helping
people so that's awesome and in the past
I think the CTFxC is raised over I'd say
close to $100,000 just by you guys so we
thought this would be kind of a nice
opportunity for you guys rush yeah like
I said we just want to do anything and
everything that we can happen we just
know that you guys are such an amazing
community and that you guys are always
there to help so links in the
description go check it out
donate and the win this amazing piece of
art we know you're gonna love this
you're probably put it right over your
body worth millions thank you guys so
much for watching we hope you enjoyed
this really odd I don't know it was
definitely fun and we really caught to
play wearing these have to go to the
grocery store the city don't forget to
subscribe and have a great night
day by day playlist
