oh it goes like that though your tails
wagging hey what do you got huh I was
gonna go give this to my squirrel friend
maybe we'll come hang out again look at
your tail Waggin it's so good I thought
she broke her tail certain off the week
a healthy way banana and orange juice
and ice Oh
can I have some attention please could
you please stop that in a way it's like
like so sad back there it's barely
moving oh I kind of I went from what
being like this to like this Zoey needs
some photo shoot viagra she's a cialis
zoey is not some sort of mood right now
where she wants to jump on everyone when
I was talking about the pollen yesterday
look at this is absolutely disgusting
it's all pollen try to make myself be
able to breathe again
Oh Marley's rolling in stuff it must be
Monday hurry up hurry up hurry up hurry
up hurry up hurry up hurry up hurry up
hurry up hurry up hurry up
I swear I'm not using a hello so I guess
the banana tree somehow died this past
winter so we have to get rid of it put
some force behind it what's a big one
alright give it a whack
oh poor banana tree why I didn't have to
die baby that's just so sexy the way you
just chop that banana tree oh don't do
it you'll lose the tongue nice how
satisfying is that I need my ninja well
I got one timber I'm not sure if you're
allowed to be chewing on these banana
things no I don't think you can have
that plus it's dead oh my god that is a
spike oh that's a big spider you and
your mom both touch my neck every time I
see a spider and it's not that cool
I want to go in there anymore you can do
the rest there's probably a lot in there
I feel like we're in Jamaica chopping
down sugarcane and bananas so this is
why I love vlogging every single day so
Ali and I obviously are just doing
boring mundane like like household
chores and then all of a sudden we're
given a machete and we have fruit a day
even if you have a crappy you like
mundane like chore that you have to do
it's only as crappy as you make it you
can make it fun in this case the machete
and fruit make it fun all right time to
get some fruit oh yeah let's get some
bananas okay gonna get one of these why
not an apple a day keeps the doctor away
hey honey do you want to have some fun
get it honey do you want to have some
fun way just never mind this again shut
up that was kind of funny ready to play
what she barking at a fish not supposed
to eat the apple yet
please don't on my plate I still need
that is this how they do it though right
right not with the machete that doll
whoa
you like that coconut water no its water
Internet something you don't Internet
back me up the juices know when it's
like this it's coconut water when it's
green the coconuts that they make for
water ice cream well let me feed me in
Brazil good oh my god do not drink
directly from the nut
don't let Zoey do it then I'll be ninja
go
think you got baby I think you got it
those of you who are not from Florida
these are what you call fire ants
they're what you call a real pain in the
ass and Ali just found something is it
concrete got the mother lode hey frog
yeah no it's wrong no you can't be here
you gonna get chopped up here's the
thing about Zoey I know exactly when
it's six o'clock every single day
because she always comes up to me and
she just hits me in the leg like um it's
kind of time to eat now
I just know every single time every time
so he punches me or punches Ali
it must be six o'clock what I tell you
six o'clock
man work
for those of you who think I don't do
the man work then shut up shut up
Internet
well I just did it's not rocket and
that's way more manly oh wait look this
is another bet mother look mother lode
Wow good one I'm very proud of you honey
very proud of you wait wait wait
achievement point that's right yeah for
a germ freak this is pretty
nerve-racking for me everyone's being
boring and lazy Marly don't be boring
and lazy you're being boring and lazy
Zoe's being boring and lazy - you have
four legs we only have two and we have
to use it she doesn't like it when you
pretend to be a t-rex
Zoe sleepy
see hey they would your t-rex actually I
wanted to tell you guys if you aren't
subscribed to our iPhone channel the
ninja hoodie that I was wearing today
would be an all fruit ninja like I told
you a long time ago I got it from
Jackthreads but every time I would talk
about and tell you guys and you guys
would go to the URL and they'd be sold
out so I complained and so what they're
doing today if you go to jack
threads.com so CTFxC they set aside a
whole bunch of ninja hoodies just for
the CTFxC
no one else can get these except you
guys guys or girls they're only for you
guys okay I get it go to that URL and
it'll have like a special landing page
it'll say here's the ninja hoodies for
you guys click it and then you guys can
get it what the fuck was that go to jack
threads.com says CTFxC and i'll just log
in with your facebook or you can make an
account it's totally free and then you
can get your ninja hoodie so then you
guys could you I don't know fruit ninja
and all that fun stuff and sneaked
around your house and annoy your
significant other or your parents Wow
glad I hit record we're gonna go to bed
now
she's gonna sleep in the other room come
on tell me you've done that before
you're really fast
that's a senior you just kind of like oh
my gosh and you like throw up in your
mouth oh I am not the only person to
ever do that so we're not gonna have a
secret phrase just answer truthfully in
the comments below that's ever it has
it happened to me it has happened be
honest in the comments nobody's gonna
judge you tell me tell us all right
daily occurrence we'll see you guys
tomorrow go check out the ninja hoodies
at links down there and uh okay
waiter
psst
giddy with y'all trippin
with Dirty Harry
