good morning bond
Charles Bond I thought I'd get creative
today into the vlog my wedding which I'm
not happy about because I just cleaned
hey you're Mossad job mean all you need
is a boulder hat open the door
what's wrong with your tail oh it's
moving a little bit no right back down
you got an emo tail Zoe so we woke up
this morning and Zoe's tale is down
which is not as you guys know the Zoe's
tale was always up like Marley showing
exposing her butthole to the world if
you should i do take two of that no but
serious like her tail like she doesn't
want anyone touching it which is really
strange
Zoe is it okay okay okay you want to
escape
that's fine I'll let you escape it's
weird though cuz her mood and this one's
totally fine as you can see her mood is
totally you know normal she wants to eat
sticks she wants to eat she wants to
drink I think she just may
I can't dog break their tail what a
bitch
she's Brolin and everything I think
allergy season must be coming because
Marley's itching like crazy maybe that's
what's growing up Zoey she's got some
sort of reaction I had some sort of like
skin reaction and then Ally is over here
pretty much dying as well so everyone is
suffering from allergies right now
awesome and there's like nothing but
pollen in our front yard right now oh
you don't believe me
hold it I'll show you mmm
sneeze factory whoa oh man grill man
girl we can put at least 14 steaks maybe
a couple chickens and turkeys on here so
we can fry it well grill it fry it on a
grill
why do I want to always touch cactuses
even though cacti I always ever since I
was little
yes when ever since I was little I've
always wanted I'm going to teach this
little kid to touch tap cactuses
I feel like it's like power trip oh-ho
the hell would suck so bad
like these the little ones the thin ones
and these are the ones I'm an idiot oh
my gosh sounds flattering that's that's
good they touch this one stop touching
I'm trying that would be pretty amazing
like would you like a strawberry you're
just gonna you know grew myself
blueberries green bitch don't touch it
you don't touch it touch it oh boy
mucho nacho jalapenos I would eat it and
just have fire poops
don't
okay but now put this one on so it ages
you 50 I want to see how it ages you
this is what Ali is gonna look like when
she's 76
damn kids this turkey over here wants to
redo the kitchen okay what color we're
gonna do it this time
fuchsia magenta make sure you get enough
pink swabs okay up to the storage
situation next step is fixing the
frickin deck it's pretty much a
deathtrap
every time I walk on and take the dogs
out I'm just like walking there I'm
falling in thanks for coming up we're
gonna play a game guys on the internet
world because we have to redo this deck
and it's white no now it's blue all
right how big of a deck do you think
this is closest without going over Price
is Right rules yes how long do you think
this is type it in the comments right
now from here to here how many feet do
you think 30 feet I'm 26 there are six
no you can't change it you changing it I
was cheater cheater you heard you heard
25 31 feet sigh 126 feet that one price
is right price is right you Jake she's
changing what did you guys they won in
the internet world look at this one this
is the one that I'm gonna probably kill
myself on Zoe's tale it's getting a
little bit better actually Lauren looked
it up and it's because Zoe Marley went
swimming last night hour yesterday and
apparently it's called swimmers tail or
water tail if it's too cold for a dog
the tail kind of goes limp the next day
and so that's what we might think it is
it might have to take her to the vet
just in case but I mean as you can see
your happy tights totally fine so don't
worry anyone worried about Zoe she's
fine
she's eating gobbling everything up
I want to shoot at your computer this
thing gives me so much grief I deserve
to murder it okay Oh bullseye is it a
good sign
zombie Zoe Zoe
no we're safely using them okay pretty
good and that's pretty good yeah look
around the pker on the door you see it
all right now I'm gonna try to shoot in
his mouth ready yeah
nope I got your chin whoa what's this
happens boob shot
I was a good shot okay the door actually
I love that scare here hurt too nut shot
oh that actually hurt you know it's kind
of like it scared you right scary it's
scary like if that was any faster than
probably hurt what a spooky night so I
went to go get some food
and I just wanted to show you how
creepily hazily the sky that's a word
right looks like a horror movie doesn't
it excited love him having some
allergies happening lately and I don't
know what it's from I think it's from
all the pollen I think Charles showed
earlier and we have a crapload on our
front yard I don't know what I thought
about having a bed that has an open
space underneath it I guess I never
really thought about cleaning it before
that was all under my bed so I think
it's about time that we break out this
bad boy and let it run around the house
again
what is that what's happening well I'm
gonna go to bed guys but before I do I
actually wanted to show you I apparently
I don't I don't know a drug Charles must
have been drunk but um somebody sent me
this photo of me playing my bass onstage
when I was in the Netherlands and
apparently in this photo I'm just
playing a bunch of scales on the bass
anyway I wanted to show it to you
because I don't remember it at all and I
thought it was kind of interesting
yeah playing the bass the bass no okay
good night guys
so Hallie is being a huge dork right now
and watching the Oscars and tweeting
almost immediately immediately to
everybody
announcer commentator there as you can
as you can see Zoey is pretty enthralled
and so is my
waiter
yes
with y'all trippin
to be an ally
