is that my Green Monster kidding you
yeah boobies on your eyes you have a bra
on your eyes all right do you need some
caffeine you protect her okay you watch
the floor okay watch for any trolls they
come under the bed okay so believe it or
not
today is February 23rd obviously but
today has been one year today a year ago
this thing saved my face when I had that
seizure I what was at Boise Boise Idaho
when I was on tour and they found that
little that brain slug in my head brain
it's been a year can't believe it's
already been a year just this past year
is just like flown by but it's just kind
of like one of those days where I just
want to reflect and I really want to
just say thank you to everybody stuck
with us for the past four years there we
go
the sun's out of my eye now I could I
could talk to you guys about like going
like this but a lot of people asked you
know how how Ali and I kind of got
through that whole situation last year
and the response that I've always given
people every every time somebody asked
to be honest like if I wasn't doing this
and I didn't have the support of you
guys the CTFxC it would have been a lot
harder I kind of wanted to say thank you
for not only being there for me for but
for other people that have gone through
similar situations you guys are this
awesome community not only just for me
but for each other which is something
I'm extremely of all things that I've
done on the internet I am so proud of
the fact that we have created together
this this awesome community of people
that care for each other they back each
other up and they help each other out
it's it's awesome oh and the other thing
a lot of people been asking if I've been
doing the photo a day things as I shaved
my head the answer is yes as you can see
I've been taking a photo every single
day since I shaved my head when I shaved
my head just after surgery so this video
I'm thinking is going to go
on March 6 on my channel the youtube.com
slash Charles Trippy so everyone right
now links down there into a video
description go to youtube.com slash
Charles Trippy if you're not already
subscribed and subscribe so you don't
miss that and clem will upload the photo
a day basically the montage here you can
see really fast there's a little quick
glimpse so yeah that will be uploaded
March 6 on youtube.com slash Charles
Trippy so please make sure you subscribe
to that channel I'm really live been
really really anxious I was gonna do it
at 6 months but it was like you know
what I would have but I'm gonna wait a
year and then when I upload it let me
know if I should like keep doing it and
everything I wanted to say that and yeah
today is going to be an awesome day now
we must deliver this espresso to a least
at to cure her migraine I guess it was
like a few weeks ago we made Ally try
and espresso and she had a bad headache
and it actually worked so we're gonna
try it again
hopefully it works oh and if I you're
new to the CTFxC and you have absolutely
no idea what I'm talking about which is
totally fine that's the beauty of
filming every single day just go to our
Channel and I think look up 2.20 3.12 in
the search bar I think it should show up
otherwise I'll just link it here and
then you can just watch the progression
from there and then you'll know exactly
what I'm talking about it's kind of
crazy actually watched it this morning
and I was like wow that's like this
whole conversation actually I don't
think my name has ever been misspelled
this bad ever so he quick girlfriend
girlfriend he's out there get him get
him the same thing they bolt out and
enjoy just Francis like yeah my
impression of Zooey you have to skim it
like a like a rock at the beach ready
huh get oh I didn't do a good job we
both suck at this Oh
then you switch sides
Wow Wow wait I think we can get this
yeah there we go
oh so close
yeah Oh Oh butterfingers
keep the ball boy get him off get it
yeah thank you
oh that was right there - what the
hell'd you do how did you even do that
oh I'm just trying to check the
temperature yeah all right 20 minutes
later indicated finally now we can play
with the dogs family took how many
attempts in the comments below tell me
how many attempts that took for Allie to
get it just tell me the number and the
comments below so we're trying to get
Zoey to make the noise that she makes
when she's mad at us when we push her in
the pool you want to know a fun
challenge try to say the word bubbles in
an angry fashion try Marty laughing you
can't do it it's impossible to say the
word bubbles and like you guys just
wanted to sit on the chairs why Alan
Justin blow bubbles so Allie and Justin
basically our bubble whispers and they
can control bubbles they can make them
go up and down but I just like
I think they're just catching the wind
oh I don't know there's no wind right
now she's a witch
burn her well that one just sucked it
down yeah alright so this is what Ali
does with her time she makes her own
bubble wand
oh there goes Marley oh look up I hooked
you Marley has no desire to be over here
and we'll see Ali 30 minutes later
trying to make this work
come on go ah little puppy spa
she doesn't mind it up all right watch
this Internet all right turn it off out
keep going
thank you
what from all the water activity that we
had today I don't want to I don't want
to jinx it but I think I may or may not
have killed my camera so we're trying to
get the moisture out of it just from the
splashes and stuff don't count it yet
don't count it yet
nevermind found it it was exactly where
I left it
this should be the first place I look
I'm just beating my meat okay then a
little alarm should have went off and
how many times that's been made that
jobs been made in the world Ali and I
are having a little competition she's
trying a different recipe and I'm trying
a different recipe mine is using this
thing I don't know if you remember a
couple of vlogs ago that Ali drank this
it smells like an apple farm that exact
that's exactly what it smells like but
I'm gonna try it with a mixture and see
if it tastes good obviously she didn't
want to try it so she went that route
how's yours looking it's scaring me
because I can actually smell the I put
goat cheese on it that way the truth
alright try it
mmm good awesome hey make Marley like
you make Marley friends I was like I
don't know there's only one kitchen here
and I'm trying to clean it well guys I'm
going to hit the hay right now like look
who's hanging out hey what's up what's
the good night to the Internet okay she
said bye you attention whore you
attention whore all right now I'm gonna
go to bed guys I just wanted to say
thank you for watching the video and you
know like I said earlier today it's
crazy that it's already been a year and
thinking about like the year you really
mean like it's just so many awesome
things have happened
and just got to say thank you to our
awesome surgeons and stuff like that
because you know there's a hardcore time
and made through it and you know it's
like one of those things like a notch in
your belt or what doesn't kill you makes
you stronger prime example so I'm going
to go arrest with Allie Zoe Marlene Luka
Jesse James and Justin and just kind of
watched a really cheesy movie pass out
and I will see you guys tomorrow as
always so alright good I guess
wait
yes
giddy with child trippy
with trip in early
