stay away from my carrot stay away from
my carrot so I gave Zoe a carrot
she doesn't want it right now but she
also doesn't want to give it to Marly
she's doing what a kid would do lick it
sure if I look at nobody's gonna water
right
Marly is ready to get that carrot I
would eat the carrot here you go down
your bone if I carry another plate that
good I think are you just doing that on
purpose just like kind of doing one of
those good morning I need a coffee
oh that's hot all right Martha you're
gonna have to move with your sheep today
I'm tackling this mess I'm gonna do it
you're in the way though go ride your
sheep somewhere I don't even know where
to start
now you guys remember this okay let's
see here oh boy so much crap well at
least I can walk in here now now -
frickin organize it oh boy
this is why you clean you never know
what you're gonna find look at this
remember the buttons the button packs
I remember those is all we have left and
I forgot about these there's time for a
quickie the underwear still funny though
what ring ring rings oh wait hold on oh
my god is that your sidekick I used to
do this and it's a brick
it's a weapon all you can do is
basically it'll go to mobile websites
barely check your mail and go on a
lonesome messenger
the future look what else I found feel
like today's like a throwback episode it
has all the things from the previous
vlogs it's getting there slowly but
surely Zoe and will slowly pan this
direction yeah so got work over here see
if it bounces it's supposed to bounce on
water oh it does get it no you get it I
gotta throw it to you no okay
alright stay right there well did it
Marlee this is the most rat enchilada
that I've ever had in my entire life
because they wrote my name in sour cream
so I was just on hold for about 45
minutes trying to take care of something
and I was just sitting here I gotten
really good at this look gotten really
good at blowing all these bubbles and
look you see all the bubbles on the
ground just chilling there I've
literally covered our back porch I call
it art bubbler they're multiplying
seriously how are they just like kind of
staying there maybe I just like magical
hair I think the world's strongest air
apparently okay the bubbles are just
like hovering now all of them are
slightly freaked out Wow they're in the
spiderweb uh-huh I spent 40 minutes this
is what I've been doing for the best 40
minutes that's so cool
I call it bubbler right careful you're
stepping on my time
oh it's not a spiderweb I was getting
freaked out I was like how are they just
hovering I didn't see the spiderwebs
Lauren was like duh go Popham mani
squirrel friend its girlfriend he's over
there in the bubbles he's over there in
the bubbles gosh you guys are boring I'm
gonna force you to play in the bubbles
yay anti-climatic playing in the bubbles
is that annoying national margarita day
so my mom just informed me that it is
national margarita day and so I think
tonight we should have some chips and
salsa no no Spanish person that I know
does that who is the who was like you
know what today's gonna be vodka tonic
day
happy nice what you just did there she's
losing her balance because she's getting
a little too dry I'm always standing
about at the sink but it doesn't work
after a couple more you know this is
what happened she was like this anyway I
was because she stands like then did you
stand like that you always put many
lines on your feet up yeah you're weird
same we're using an iced down like this
have you ever noticed me doing this hold
account poses I put my foot like you're
another b-plus yeah except like a
totally so here we have Margaritaville
and here we have Velveeta Vil we've
right what is this what is this tell me
it's tomato it's canned salsa even it's
really really good
well it's like jello cheese touches real
cheese
so it's like see if there's cheese in
this cheese like when you're playing
beer pong zoo beer that is it cheese in
that Coco gettin crunk feel like she's
already drunk the way she's sitting then
come down to the watering hole children
it's a little it's got a kick and this
is my baby my grade of glass was last
night I had a fishbowl so I don't really
need I shared I gave you some but you're
very nice husband mm-hmm thank you I get
points so the Dukes of Hazzard starring
johnny Knoxville and Sean William Scott
just came on the TV and it was so weird
I don't know what I just learned like
five new things about southern culture
in the last three minutes as we were
watching I thought about the word howdy
I don't know if a lot of you guys ever
heard anybody say howdy before butts
like obviously it's a southern thing and
I never thought of the fact that it
actually is just like short for how do
you do I don't know why I've never put
that together before so that's just a
little like moment of southern education
for all y'all know that I learned daisy
dukes are called that because of the
girl from Dukes of Hazzard Daisy yeah
don't don't make fun of me I've never
seen dudes mazzard I was just watching a
movie called Beverly Hills Cop
all-school Eddie Murphy movie and a
character came on and I only heard his
voice it was so weird I only heard his
voice and I was sitting here editing and
all of a sudden it was like just like
one of those like moments where it like
just throws you back does anyone
remember the character from a TV show if
you know tell me in the comments Balki
if you know it you know it if you have
to google it you can google it too but
tell me in the comments if you know it
because all of a sudden I heard that
guy's voice and I was like doing one of
those kind of things so I just resorted
to my younger self it was kind of weird
it's kind of funny how like sound and
things like that can just like when
you're not paying attention just type
maybe that's maybe that's the key to
time travel
sorry let them let us play your foot all
right Jessie your turn what's happening
dog's feet smell like corn chips Oh huh
Charles discovered the song Charles
you're gonna get a Nobel Prize for
discovering the dog sweet corn chips
I know corn okay we'll wait we'll wait
all right Jess you've got some other
corn chips
okay now Zoe all right tell the dog
sticks her face on your yeah the history
of this I was in college I was laying on
my back on the couch eating a tortilla
chip and then Zoe decided to put her paw
on my face and I was like what and
that's how I discovered it so we have
now passed the lesson on to the rest of
my friends and family because we used to
say it how nopper and that's wrong right
nopperz what is it oh no no that's right
no you suck at demonstrating our
learning capacity this looks like a
kinder egg oh is that my chapstick
that's so not good boy I never thought
I'd actually do it like yeah we eat it
and Charles is swallowing random things
in my face told you that your paint
swaps can't swap what I mean this is
always so this is like this is like
Anders the outlawed in America swabs
these are swabs swatch these are paint
swabs first swab swatch really no
seriously I always like peace internet
there's got a hair on yeah these are a
Charles thought it was just wow what is
this swab I think you put in your ear
even though you're not supposed to okay
so give me I seen my ear I put a put
paint on it and take a paint swamp go
Internet
my wife is lost to my lair she had way
too much sugar don't mean apparently on
our margaritas
giddy with child trippy
we're
with Gianelli don't forget anymore
