being a little Butthead hey she's
totally blown job she's blowing you off
come here look at that face go here now
come here I will come to you mommy
I will come to you mommy oh we come here
all denied she look good but you're
gonna be such a bad dad good my
favorites with whatever kid listens to
you more okay one of them listens and
likes me yeah you kidding me Zoe loves
ya Zoe doesn't want to come she knows
you're gonna torture her
Marly what
thank you for listening I appreciate you
listening you're such a dick thank you
for listening mom buddy love your daddy
hard floor stop oh he's still looking at
freaking doors Marley we gotta go
somewhere
yeah go do something quick Zoe let's go
I have to show you what CTFxC daily
gifts man I hold on that should be their
new logo
yes he came out to play today
I told you squirrel friend was coming
out every morning a lot of you guys in
the comments were like Charles you're so
mean to them you're just teasing them
no I'm serious he came out every morning
and did this and what he does is he
comes he just like sits up here and he
chirps until they wake up and come after
them and then they chase each other
usually they go back and forth a few
times but I guess he was a little tired
this time I hate pumping gas this is the
one thing I hate I hate it I hate you
want to do it you want to do it focus
focus on the camera focus on the camera
are you white balancing
it's funny that they still have to do
this because some idiot would probably
smoke and try to pump gas
so today the youtubes is all goofed up
so I'm right now trying to upload and
I'm talking to Jesse Phil Shea and nulls
and everyone is just like ah
so YouTube apocalypse it's so annoying
it's like but you know what I feel like
if YouTube ever worked right it'd be
boring you want to mean that Ali's going
the wrong direction right now oh yeah
Wow now we're on a bridge now what do I
do
shit I thought about it I was like I
think this was my turn but I just keep
Zoe she can't drive she gets distracted
oh look alright secret phrase for today
we're gonna do it early silly Ali why
don't you hey Ali well the good news is
we'll be able to see the sunset from the
bridge it's kind of going over your face
right now as you glare evilly at the
road ahead of you just just really happy
that you had the wherewithal to get
McKay around it's important to document
right though it's important to document
don't we go home you're drunk
this is so annoying I should have full
bars right now cuz it says I have full
bars right it's taking forever just
imagine if a tattoo could give you
stronger Wi-Fi I think we would all have
Wi-Fi tattoos we would be a gang of
wi-fi's make it go faster um no hurry up
I go to drink all your sweet tea it's
good
oh my god you are rather than she's like
oh I smell food
I will not there's stuff in there smell
I will not
oh let me help you um let me help you
with that thank you
so we haven't been to this beach in a
while and it kind of botched it up just
foam everywhere and there's high tide we
wanted to see the sunset all these you
get to see the sunset though hey stop
sniffing everything what is it animal
well there's only one thing you can do
get a stick what spoke it it's the only
thing you can do when you find something
weird or dead right you just poke it
with a stick
Wow just kidding I'm an ass I tricked
you oh this is wrong way just running
around alright I'm hiper had a lot of
coffee today what's going here dead end
this is my impression of Marley when she
poops first she goes like this
and looks back at you okay look back at
it look back at it and then when she's
done she goes
it just kind of walks away like what
it's just what you guys see kind of this
like Chris Rock draw from the mic its
system
please somebody make a gif of that guy
with go Explorer like dude the jungles
of out that stick what a boring
adventure now there's a car covered
okay thank you
the other might be a car coming there
may be a car coming I'll just try to be
careful I will you are so annoying
you're like a holly starts like the
decibel levels like here and then all of
a sudden everyone's just like good God
like surprised it's always a surprise
Wow
again I apologize for anyone listening
the headphones oh yeah sorry my bad
bye barley it's like what the hell is
going on
apparently there's a new jailbreak evil
Charles angel trials going back and
forth trying to decide whether or not
are you doing what are you doing
what is she doing Marley trying to
figure out if I should jailbreak right
by the way
our kids would are not allowed to have
any sugar no future kids allowed the way
you handle that jailbreak ears crossed
please don't screw up please no screw up
please don't screw up
ah success thank you thank you iPhone
hacker community so last time I went to
Lowe's I think I got the wrong
floodlights ended up buying curtains
that I hated and didn't get any curtain
rods so this time my mom and I went back
to Lowe's returned the curtains got the
right floodlights and now I have curtain
rods but no curtains to put on them it's
an adventure every single time we could
we don't ever get the right stuff I
don't know whatever eventually I was in
your pocket
hey we I'm sorry is that but I feel like
Archer like hello the 1920 call they
want there's phrases and I love old
people oh I'm gonna get in trouble for
saying that okay guys sorry I didn't
mean old people I meant not young people
that's better how oh my mom is awesome
she can take jokes like a champ like an
elderly shit well actually I do have you
had Justin his children yes I do take
jokes well alright so as you can see Ali
and I totally tag-teaming the errands
she's overdoing up
I don't know actually what she do I
think she's starting place you got the
wrong bulb or something and I'm at my
favorite place in the world grocery
store to make food so that way we can
relax
see this is this is the efficient way of
doing things look at that and I even got
prime parking now we got to get some
food for a kitty cat and I'm probably
going to get my spoiled ass dogs a
couple of dog dogs got some stank breath
so this could be pretty good for them
you need this no what did you just say
to me is that I don't why who the fuck
doesn't like baby bells you are out of
your damn mind ring cheese the last
words of an insane person before they're
put to death for being so horrible my
shirt shut up my mom and I love each
other you guys don't worry about it even
though it seems like we really don't we
- okay this is for you and this is for
you huh
okay I got you a new toothbrush that
you're never gonna have to worry about
losing it again okay loss loss what kind
is it I don't know cuz I lost it
my first value that's like the size of
my finger that everyone on the tour bus
is going to make fun of me and I'm going
to say these are Yoshi's if the bristles
at the top were bigger the size of this
toothbrush would actually be really good
heads always favorite game time Oh found
it there you go oh you win champagne
cork for Zoey
so today Ali came up with a pretty
awesome idea and I wanted to actually
get you guys as opinions on it okay you
want to tell him you're doing my tell
you tell you want me to tell him okay
we are going to make if you guys think
it's a good idea we're going to make
temporary tattoos of this tattoo the
Wi-Fi tattoo and we'll do maybe like a
big version and like small versions I
don't know it was an idea I was just
like wait why don't we do that I just
thought it'd be cool like for you guys
to wear it it like shows or VidCon and
kind of meet up sometime a beer like we
could have like Wi-Fi like little things
down your face or so I don't know so let
us know in the comments just right yeah
or and
a-and we'll know what you guys mean
stuff like that I'll see I'll see if
it's possible your underwear isn't about
it's in an actual not oh I got it anyway
let us know in the comments and I'll see
if it's possible I just think it would
be a really cool idea and we'll get I'll
try to get the exact same one like made
of mine
it's coming up
we're CTFxC
giddy withdrawal trippy an alley
with champion Harry don't forget to eat
more
