worthy what did you do what are you
doing what are you doing hey what's up
Joey
rub my belly please rubber belly did we
ever talk about this look at me look at
me look at me oh my god she's like four
we down hey sorry your rendition of Lion
King I don't know what the hell is that
actually yeah and then everyone just
goes oh I just noticed a Martin okay I'm
gonna let me show them your nose is
coming back your big nose is coming back
yeah so we're going on a picnic today
kind of not really but we're gonna take
the golf cart and try to find some food
today though family outing and we got to
send on some of the pic necklaces to
dftba they're not all done but we gotta
send some of them off you driving
boy you wanna drive here what no I can't
do that
do you want Drive Marley thought it was
food yeah guys got a come on let's
organize this a little bit come on
you see your bowl in there
maybe get your little heaven with a
squirrel on it huh squirrel Oh squirrel
what
i watch your head this is that the
galleys first time ever going on a
coffee run his first time isn't it
she's like where the hell are you go I
forgot actually it's Delia Marley's
first time to usually just need the
internet don't even care about the tiny
bird well now she does and spits it out
what's the name of that one movie with
the really muscley guy and he's leading
that army into battle was it 300 hundred
dick it's really really cute he says 100
the way his dad does he have like a
little bit of an accent it was 300 say
100 300 300 people Oh 300 he doesn't
even realize he's doing it so we're
driving back and I don't know how it
happened but Ali accidentally said the B
EA CH word the BYU she said a B word and
on all of a sudden they just freaking
like almost jumped out of the golf cart
wait did you get it
oh that dogs gonna steal her stick steal
a stick she growled at it yeah that's
gonna bring it back make a lot of noise
at it we got some friends friends coming
that's what Marly sees Marly is over
there waiting she's waiting for those
pelicans
100 Marley made a friend but that Marley
doesn't even know that that dogs trying
to play every single time she runs that
dog comes after but she's like totally
totally oblivious oh it's an elusive
lighter later fish well later fish the
very rare and elusive creatures here in
Florida and if you touch it the right
way it sparks it's kind of interesting
Zowie we've already lost like three
sticks now no there's two more here we
can use these this one's good you can
throw that one now she get the Pelican
yet I want a bo Jackson
do it do it is always like whoa I want I
think in the last blog she even acted
like she was going to but she was way
too scared she would never get close
enough to it you'd do anything to it
it's pretty funny
alright so nice man she drops it yep
everytime every single time
I'm trying to fill the pelicans Oh oh my
god you're making so I ran over my feet
yeah butt heads come on Zoey digging you
digging Zoey going crazy oh my god so
you don't even know what you're doing
and the aftermath the circle surrounding
Allie but with the sea squirrel go get
that get that money go to China no okay
Gazoo
so as promised a lot of you guys been
asking hey Charles what's the next mail
vlog Oh today today is the next one yeah
so there's a bunch of mail we're gonna
go through it and I'll be a link at the
end of this video you can go check it
out but we're gonna film it now so are
you ready oh my gosh I hope there's toys
in there come on put stuff on your back
come on carry it this one is being one
of those one there was a while like
three or four months it was just before
walk tour wasn't it
so yeah seriously all right so I pick it
out which one you want okay so we're
gonna do this now but at the end of this
video will be a link to the mail vlog
that we're gonna film yeah it should be
a good one cuz this it's been a while so
it's okay you don't need to cry Zoe had
her own hair okay I think it's okay see
so though we're look over here good Oh
crying puppy I think the saddest looking
thing I've ever seen oh did you watch
the notebook Zoey Ryan Gosling make you
cry oh we got another one
Oh God emergency doggy surgery in the
middle of the the packages so I kind of
just had to go out and just kind of take
some time for myself right now I just
got an email I just found out a longtime
family friend of mine passed away this
evening and this is a guy that has
helped me understand the business world
since I was 14 years old he's been
helping me out I honestly don't think
I'd be where I am today without his
advice of his guidance but it's just
it's
it sucks you know what I mean like it
just sucks because I literally talk to
him I guess just before tour he's like
hey yeah when you get back from tour you
know tell me all the stories and you
know let's go over everything and just
figure things out for you and my family
he's been helping my family before I was
even born he was helping my mom and my
dad my dad was in Greg Holman so it's
just he's been such a helpful helpful
person so I just wanted to kind of like
drive around clear my head for a little
bit I just found out about it and I just
wanted to take this time to just make
sure you guys tell the people that you
appreciate what they do for you all the
time you know to me like I know he do I
he knew our family loved him and he was
such a helpful guy and so yeah I just
you know wanted to let you guys know
because I had to get off my chest
hey guys as promised here is the mail
vlog it's been probably three or four
months but we finally got one done today
so click right here check it out if you
can't click on-screen the links down
there in the description or just go to
the CTFxC channel so yeah go check it
out guys hope you enjoy and have a
wonderful evening all right bye guys
and worse yet sexy
which all tripping
with Gianelli don't forget anymore
