hello and welcome to the mail vlog
Marley pick it out take oh okay sorry
you want to pick one yeah that's our
intro
uh-uh has really been this long since
your gentlemen Christmas the problem
that's Christmas it says open before
Christmas Amelia P sorry
hopefully it's not like Christmas
cookies get it no II what is it do you
painted this fresh she like paints at a
pottery studio that is awesome so cool
these are so cute they're little bone
ornaments and they were for Christmas
2012 but you know what we'll take a
sharpie to the bat back but we'll put
them up this year anyway what does it
say 22 2012 its back
yeah is it oh we can make that at 3 how
many people cheated in their classes and
just change the twos or threes I don't
know why I wasn't gonna do a 2 into a 3
it should be like a - until like a 9 or
something I'm slightly better so Ian
Marley it's a well boba was ever laughs
it bounces on the water it's from Kyle
Evan from Canada so Zoey get it no it's
not she can't have that Oh Zoey don't
take it's like jell-o gotta take this is
from Jude and Julie just from Judy
California all right I'm excited cinema
awesome well we do have a lot of series
don't worry there's a Joey
oh boy no Jackie M from California this
isn't oh this is what she was waiting
for
oh that is so he just make it not do
that noise anymore yeah take that one
too
Molly's not wanting to play today so
this is also from that package of the
girl who sent all the dog toys her
boyfriend and his friends invented these
sunglasses you can open bottles or with
them I wish we had a beer we can show it
it's awesome that's such a good idea
perfect for tour as from Sammy is the
one that you picked out earlier marlis
nice now Gabby from Texas did this this
is from Megan and remember that day when
we buried Zowie
ladies Island from and the award for the
most tape on the box goes the Lucas V
Germany
I remember him I met him in handy for
caution wait you're beyond Danny driven
it's a while to top it off some real
chef hats I got a tip I got a caper boy
I can actually now cook without like
sanitation and hair
for example being on Allen's favorite Oh
Marley is that knitted or like crocheted
Martha Stewart pet
Oh a reindeer pooper apparently these
are the coolest bubbles ever
where Marley's going to forget with us
world it's so cute I only want to give
it to her it's like a decoration these
are cookies we eat yeah and internet
killed television turns some blue that's
mine the bubble fail I'm confused
where it blow it right in her face and
see what she does
confuse bubble but that's sick
this is from Melina oh yeah and then for
Zoey we got some more toy bubble stoner
but oh my god there's so much stuff in
here I just saw chocolate hold on they
had this made I just need lose oh and
then have I ever liked nice it's pretty
cool all right they also did some photo
shopping with the wedding photos too
it's pretty cool and then here's their
dog in a CTFxC gear so Debra just sent
us this and Zoe already knew I feel like
I would eat some of these cookies the
recipes look amazing this is from Jemma
she's from I think Jemma she's from
Scotland and she said it's really
awesome dog Buddy
it's actually a fairy that's for puppies
and this is a whole list of Scottish
phrases and words if I want to just
pause the video right now this one is it
kind of like that same book somebody
throw on stage like I don't know I
remember that because a bunch of people
in Glasgow made me save this stuff and I
said it completely wrong and they
thought it was really fun
everything's I'm a manly man oh boy is
from Jaylin you can have the
cheeseburger cheeseburger cheeseburger
cheeseburger oh I like that either just
in case you were wondering these are
great these are for Maurice from North
Carolina Brian and Alex had this made no
they made it in high school they have
they had to make amok and yeah really
it's really cool now I can have coffee
in style oh it's a CTFxC Lebec ladi sent
us a custom little Christmas card I
could be I guess maybe a February card
to look at this fabulous collection is
jewelry from Sara thank you Sara Sara I
just got to show you something that
bubble is still on Zoey's butt and
literally has been 15 minutes no joke
Brenna she's nine she says I made this
dog out of clay it is supposed to be
Zoey I love your videos
love Brenna from Canada I can see the
rank you a little sculptor on our hands
this is from Alexis keep out so Katie
sent this and I have to say it seems
like a very good idea obviously we can
change the picture and then I kind of
like them in there yeah
so when Ali was in Hawaii she met this
girl named Xena it was really funny
because she like she saw me and she like
ran away and I chased after her because
I was already this she said this and
this is the funny one apparently she had
a unpleasant experience at Starbucks and
they gave her one of these redeemable
things or was like please enjoy a cup of
coffee on us we apologize for you
inconvenience Thank You Xena I will
drink that coffee yes awesome who's that
from Gracie - melody s is broken
when we were on tour the first time in
Europe with the whales we met a person
if you came it's theater and they showed
me this really long Welsh word ally
might remember it but they also sent
Street Welsh which actually was funny
because coach our driver was from Wales
like like I was looking through it
pretty much everything he said I should
have had this on the tour I want you
guys to try to pronounce this word when
you see it okay Landing fell Apollo walk
over the curb blah blah blah use your
linguistic power I feel like you're
doing it in your head and that's a
opened this thing I was like this from
Jimmy we met in London all right this is
from Jenna I actually met her on walk
tour she made this oh okay that's yes
and Jenna sent one of these little
things and I'm willing to make Zoey hate
me for five seconds oh look at that
little prince uh-huh cause we the kings
and you're the queen
we the Queens all right call PETA call
PETA this is the book from a guy named
Andrew and Alabama it's very funny dude
dude dude is from Elizabeth I think she
actually gave you the gave out Travis
one of these on Warped Tour
remember when Travis was going crazy and
like annoying everyone on the bus weight
would win a killer whale or a shark
I feel like killer whale would win win
this one what's wrong with this mouth
it's just like we're late
well that concludes today's mail vlog I
just have to say thank you guys you guys
had some pretty amazing like pieces of
art and all this like really nice letter
very thoughtful letters and uh I just
want to say thank you and I'm sure Ali's
going to enjoy her bubbles and all those
things oh he's gonna enjoy her toys
she's OD'ing yeah she's taking them all
from Marla right now Marley's hiding
because she doesn't like the the
packaging the noises so she's taking
every twain just using it now but at the
end of this video we'll take you back to
the vlog thank you guys again I'd hope
you guys enjoyed this mail vlog all
right we'll see it the vlog now go over
to the vlog or he's links down there
over my feet yeah butt heads digging you
digging zone going crazy oh my god so
you don't even know what you're doing
