we can't taste this at all
I lost my taste buds last night now I'm
sad last night I made stir fry again and
I made a mistake of biting into broccoli
just after I removed it from the frickin
stove so today's punishment is that I
can't taste anything my taste buds are
just for taste buns taste buds are just
gone this thing is loaded with hot sauce
scare tastes anything no that's day two
of you guys knocking that down that's
where it wasn't me it was my squirrel
friend
so you're gonna shoot and ask Allie and
we're gonna go play at the park so that
sounds fun school friend she's like what
he's here no I think you're tricking me
no it was here this morning you missed
them again let's go to park that sounds
good coughing cookies and Park cookies
works for Marley haha darn it you gotta
hold my pants doesn't feel like a month
since I've been here hanging out you got
a lot of peeing to do get a remark all
your territory that we you know
thoroughly established yeah hey Marley
making friends mining making friends oh
maybe not I feel like we need to have a
talk okay
you're very white and you're very
sparkly right now okay what don't we
need we don't need mud or a poop or dead
animal carcass or anything on your face
or a body deal deal we're shaking on it
hold on shake right no don't be bored
shake you're not gonna shake on it
helping out the hi mom hi mom I'm gonna
show you don't wanna yeah turn that yep
turn that camera right around they hi
donnies always keep me company when I
film it's pretty cute are they best boys
gaffers they all she's my first baby
this is my boy so today's agenda is to
get a door yeah we gotta do that giant
tool all right so we got to replace the
freaking window cuz that's broken and a
bunch of other stuff that I didn't break
you can just buy sticks so we got to get
rid of the deck since it's pretty much
dying we're trying to think of other
ideas maybe doing something like this
you put like cement down this is cool
let's get on astroturf so then we put it
like this and we're just make or that
could be kind of cool
good did I come up with a good idea wait
now they OCD in me is gonna want me to
try to make it like a puzzle damn it oh
wait yeah did you turn that one area
that was okay
yeah hey mr. bumble bee
I may or may not just to stop me you
gotta go door shopping boom that's cool
hey guys guess what the most boring
thing in the world is if you get
shopping for doors user or ma'am are
correct I would be exciting
buying a door is really boring
let go I just love Beyonce no no I just
give it a man ran away just saying if
you like saying just saying is the
equivalent of saying like no offense
it's like when you say like oh I'm just
telling you I mean don't get mad even
though what I said is really mean and
hurtful to you personally so I have good
news guys I have some pretty awesome
news of what I was actually over
overseas on tour yeah you sniffing Zoey
a lot of people were asking I saw a lot
of the pic necklaces people were wearing
right and there's a lot of people asking
if we're ever gonna make them again so
here's the good news
the answer is yes I got a bunch more
pics got a bunch more chains and we're
gonna actually start making these again
and hopefully they'll be available on
CTFxC merch dot-com hoping in the next
couple weeks I think we're gonna do a
little bit more this time because last
time we I think we only had a thousand
and it sold out in a couple hours
so we got about 1,500 this time and the
single pics we'll come back to so you
can get the pic packs or the necklaces
do you Stoke Zoey
oh yeah that's so great and of course if
you guys still don't want to wait or
anything like that the hoodies and the
shirts are available right now to stuff
our old little warehouse remember this
I've invented this section of the frig
in the office of whoa oh whoa do you
guys see that right there right there
you see it really it's gonna go back up
see it right there big is that you you
saw that right okay what did I just see
it's not an alien
right I'm editing my video my poor baby
came and he goes whoa why is my camera
doing that look at the camera it's like
green planet per se it looks like longer
I saw an alien you saw only well I saw
like a UFO thingy flying and I showed it
in the camera it was like flying up in
the air I might know I'm serious it was
either a meteor meteor something or
something it was not making I was not
making it up I filled it to make sure
hmm how much drugs are you on right now
for your fever none I can't get rid of
this no Switzerland sorry guys nope nope
I know there's a difference I know
there's a difference these are my
helpers these are my edit buddies
they're so cute I love them so much my
brother is in here playing on his Super
Nintendo and I don't think Zoey has ever
heard they're like really high-pitched
noise what is it called whoa these TVs
CRT TVs uh-huh they make like a really
high pitch sound oh maybe it's a yeah
maybe that she's never heard I don't
think she's ever been in here when I've
been on this TV she's staring at the TV
Zoey what's happening
these beats are so fresh snap
check out who made this game my haha my
brother just brought over a collection
of all his old SNES games and I'm
freaking out so many awesome games dude
I'm gonna be like holed up in this room
for the next four days playing all these
games this is bad news
can you get to it maybe if you just like
can jump up there climb up there get on
our stripper pole apparently no idea why
we have a stripper pole up there so
since I've gotten back I haven't really
quite got rid of that stupid like I
think was called when I was over there
it was called the off ah seek off or
something like that new your old cough
apparently it's something that's going
all over Europe the whole band got it
and I still have it I need to take some
medicine and just kind of pass out so
you ready you want to take this for me
no look let's like the pre oh it's it's
like every time you know that feeling
when you're about to take a think of
medicine and it's just that pre like oh
gross Ness they look so concerned wait
are you gonna throw up oh and this is
another awesome thing that I found in
there this is from so long ago when I
was in high school a long time ago a
bunch of my friends and I went and saw
the movie Domino with Keira Knightley
when she's like that like woman assassin
and she's super awesome and she always
worked on around her
and we thought she was like the most
badass chick ever so we all started like
playing with dominoes and stuff and my
friend Jesse actually made these for all
of us and I just found my in it oh I
completely forgot to tell you Travis
actually just texted me a photo of his
new girlfriend
she's a little overly attached but I
wanted to show you guys I mean they look
happy together so that's all that
matters I guess I also just found this
really cool necklace that belonged to my
great-grandmother I don't know what it
is it's really heavy I don't know if
it's like made of shale or glass I don't
know it's really cool that so like this
is our second room and I use this to
like film my tutorials I have all my
lights in here but it's also like all my
old furniture from when I was a kid and
I just went through my old jewelry box
and found all this cool stuff with this
black British strap and in my own house
nice that's a really good excited face
it feels so bad because Charles is
feeling really sick I hope he gets
better really soon I know there was some
flu thing going around in Florida but
I'm sure he's just you know tired he's
dressed because of all the traveling and
stuff so hopefully he will get better
and won't get much more sick than he is
now but I just wanted to remind you guys
I actually posted a new video on ask
Allie it was up yesterday but you know
you can go and check it out it's my
foundation routine a few of you guys
have asked about that and I really
wanted to make a video about it so I did
and also I'm going to be posting another
one on Wednesday and then a cinema video
on Friday so be sure to subscribe to
that channel if you haven't already
alright guys that's it for tonight we
love you very much and we will see you
tomorrow thank you guys for watching bye
wait
yes
with y'all trippin
with dirty
don't forget
