so admire like your squirrel friends
here who Kim's girlfriend go get him
he's over in the corner no right there
you'll see him
it's girlfriend its girlfriend he's late
I see him you guys don't see him all
right now he's gone all right get that
game face on
okay I'll get it then you didn't take a
left-hand turn
skirt that's why I need to sleep that on
dude I think she even sees it no now she
does you're shaking you're so nervous
like oh my god oh my god I want a cookie
so bad it's at your crack get one only
actually kind of impressed right now
she's like I'm not really supposed to do
this hey hey yeah and that's for you
thank you sup just had a nice little
Sunday lunch dinner instead of brunch
later with my bro and we're deciding
that we're gonna make a new ass hat
cover I think it's just about time so
what are we gonna do just what was it
I don't even man reopening a meal so
we're gonna try and rope Charles into
that because we think we can do a
semi-decent job of that one apparently
too much hot sauce just spilled on my
sandwich and like dying right now
no milk I think today's gonna be one of
those bad days I'm not gonna let it
happen though I am gonna fight it it's
been really windy today like super windy
cuz I guess there's a cold front coming
in and I noticed that there is a hole
through the freakin window and something
fell into it
so that means I gotta get a new window
today right Zozo she's like it scared
the crap out of me it's scare the crap
out of me everyone's okay though
come on go outside so yep let's go
outside come on Marley did you just add
to this did you just add to my day yes
you did little Zoe all she's doing is
just trying to eat her little stick or
whatever this thing is bony check
there's not even poop there yet there's
no poop there you know that right yeah I
don't think she cares
Marley good dick can I see your
beautiful work okay
alright alright well I see a little bit
of clean spots right here you might want
to go a roll there
Wow somebody really wants to get clean
today
okay you know I was being sarcastic
earlier right I don't want to touch you
is that poop what is it oh my god it's
an a uh
look at me look at me okay I got
seriously just mental mentally prepared
for this now she's like oh boy alright
you ready for this burn away Zoe you
don't need to be here tryna help you get
through this fast and you can get on
your little jacket okay
that is a sad puppy
this weather is completely freaking her
out Oh what holy crap how did I get up
here
I think Zoe's sleepwalking he's
sleepwalking Zoe mush we're going very
slow guys okay well good thing we're not
on a race guys we would totally lose
right now come on Dennis do your wheelie
your way would you call it chicken
wheelie
let's go you got a helmet on let's do it
well this seems like a good idea right
so Dennis found these things that I call
power boards there we go the remote
control that's how it's moving right now
this is literally how I'm going safety
first
doesn't go that fast up motorcycle mama
you want to want to tell me tell me no
just be careful yeah you landed that you
got hurt yourself boy so fast you didn't
see it oh yeah Marley's and Marley's and
dog jail alright don't take it over 20
yes you're probably would what about you
do you want to go do you want to go have
it fine
you riding a bike my mind
it's like I'm done with this
okay stay I was telling I was telling my
dad I'm like there's no such thing at
home with XE the sexy girl takes her
helmet off and the hair goes get the
hell over now
very nice hey guys wanna go for a drink
later now the trick is to try to do this
while it's moving I'm gonna oh oh if the
kickstand is like wobbly so badly right
now they go but these are like in your
hands flat won't go up like that
there we go we're gonna get in trouble
come on oh you're sad are you filming
out so we went out to get some delicious
burgers and milkshakes because you know
what why not treat yourself treat
yo'self actually one of my friends right
now just tweeted like every single one
of those goofy like busy son sorry
things like what he calls food like he's
checking to be harm harm and she can
catch and super water eggs are free
birds so good shoot yourself hmm
eat it eat it no come on it's not that
bad it's sweet chili sweet
just open your mouth Anita no you know
so I just discovered something pretty
interesting I'm eating red vines just
like red licorice candy and I tried to
see if Miley we needed and even my dogs
don't want to eat this that says
something about like whether or not you
should eat if a dog won't even eat it
says oh here nope no they don't want it
you guys know what I feel like tomatoes
feel like tonight is a onesy night huh
what do you put away what do you think
about that anything tonight's a
Wednesday night what wait you get to
change into something better than that
man you Jersey cuz everyone says they're
like the Yankees of soccer how many
people are pissed off right now in the
comments tell them how much you hated
here's the honest thing I don't know you
know see that I walk in Qatar looks like
he wants to kick my butt I have no idea
man City fan isn't he it's a Jersey it's
comfortable I wear it see that's the
thing is like if somebody gave me a
frickin Yankees jersey I'd be like thank
you for that Yankees Jersey I will wear
it I don't care you kind of blend into
everything every single thing in our
house you're weird
you kind of do blend into the background
just like so here I've never seen you
know I've never seen a kid do the whoo
guitar strumming I'm tired
it's hardly wait
psst
with child tripping
would be an ally so for Joey
