good morning everyone so today I have to
go to the bank and trade in all these uh
these this foreign currency because you
know they don't make they don't take it
over here for some reason don't know
what I think it's worth more than
imagining Creek office they should take
it say this all the time but like
Gariepy and money is just so much cooler
looking that American money it's just
the monochromatic kind of thing just not
as cool looking this looks like monopoly
makes it more fun go get coffee oh I
smell a fire I love the smell of
fireplaces that is that is one thing
that you don't get enough of in Florida
because Florida it's the smell of fire
voice their big though that many people
have a fireplace that you like maybe
like simply in if the Antarctic ah hatke
swing
it's been so long since i've driven my
golf cart i almost forgot how
priorities priorities so I'm driving
home and somebody flagged me down trying
to get directions and I've realized that
my fault my wife my vice I guess you can
say is that I don't know street signs I
am so oblivious straight games like when
I was growing up the house and I grew up
with grew up in for like what 25 years
of my life I couldn't tell you the
surrounding street name couldn't do it
see the thing is I know how to just get
to places but if somebody asked me do
you know where Boulevard Street is it's
like no no sir I do not know where that
street pits
that's what I have to deal with
do you mean this is what you're so
excited to live with
and then you grab coffee today I did I'm
drinking more I feel like I'd be able to
find you anywhere if I was on ground
level which is almost a tolling year
edition wait wait are you no color oh so
Ali and Lauren are shoe shopping which
means I need to just curl up and go to
sleep wake me up when they get some
shoes shoe shopping with the mob hey
these don't just pick up one and Hannah
please this is what he's doing is you're
picking out random shoes and handing
them to her you know you have to put all
those back where they belong right i
forgot which woman's go where like
pocahontas shoes hoots my shoe
do you like how elegant I was on that
one so now we're here because Ali broke
her phone I do not break it you broke
your phone you broke it I've never got
the song you just drop by oh you didn't
I thought oh wait no that was right yeah
I drop my camera you dropped my camera
canon camera up in your mouth Kate it
needed on camera gia windows matter
rightful role we're heating Bethan we're
at panera I keep trying to be Charles
chips but I think he's playing temple
run any bling tempura yeah he has not
looked up from his home last like 10
minutes and I keep trying to put
something his mouth and Bonita yeah
focus no no the monsters get cha
she's trying to draft she's drafting I'm
letting alley and Lauren listen a new
demos or you can I can turn off lalala
lalala this is my boys over cuz I had to
remove the audio because I can't let the
song leaked totally look at Ali headbang
doesn't that mean the song is so awesome
yeah reading my lips ya head begging
again la dee da da now Ali says it's the
best song ever all the excitement that
was is no more we were so happy before
it's been an hour and we're still in the
same the lip and parking lot I'm going
insane right now how are you doing back
there I'm Charles is having a breakdown
I've lost my mind 14 times I can this is
ridiculous everyone is just being a
complete but people are cutting each
other off it's like absurd this is the
worst parking lot worse parking lot ever
so get ready get ya
cameras out whoa what are you doing I
caught you think there's food here
unattended come on get it kit want to
ride it hey what are you doing wait this
is what was it give me the food you want
that yeah this what you want yeah don't
get it falls out oh just bounce rate on
it why you such a brat you go something
shopping Zoe go protect kitchen Oh food
food kitchen like does not apply and
Coco just wants to play constantly it's
the relationship that you have was with
Zoe or food look at me look at me look
at me would you find I don't know I do
not know is it a pelican hey looks like
a bird what is it that that is this an
appropriate place for you to me hi joey
is that an appropriate place hi Joey
nobody gets nervous cuz uh there's
thunder and coldness so she's hi ladies
and gentlemen quite possibly the best
parking job ever what are you doing
taking a left hand turn your ears all
freaking out is the weather chemist
boofing you up right now so Ali and
Lauren are going on like a little girls
night gotta go watch a movie basically
they gotta go watch a movie that I
really don't feel like watching so I'm
going to take advantage of the freaking
stove again and I'm going to make some
delicious ok when I was like over there
I had a lot of that walk to walk stuff
so now I'm obsessed with stir fry again
so i think i'm going to make something
really
awesome not really sure so you know what
do you want it want to make it with you
oh that's delicious oh please don't
exclude the Marley it's really kind of
funny because when my mom was cook I
used to do this on the back of the couch
and now she does that kind of funny
right the correlations so I'm the one
with a baked I'm just got a goof around
and see what i canna see what I can make
screw it I'm gonna bring some champagne
to makes cooking more fun cuz you don't
know what kind of food you're gonna get
at the end so this is mine now is mine
that your eyes you like the court don't
ya you want it now they know yeah yeah I
do actually cheers internet i'm having
some beer and some good friends
maybe a present a sorry onion therapy
dog Haley this live on Wednesday March
their teeth them that were just on sale
now it'll be a girl it keeps the
vampires away I've always wondered why
garlic it was always associated with
like keeping vampires away is it just
because like garlic is like the
all-natural like all herbal like health
food or something i don't i don't know
does anyone want to google that for me
and let me know in the comments this is
what happens I start making things and I
had no idea what I'm making so I feel
like this is like sweet chili mushrooms
and broccoli and garlic that sounds good
when I was younger I was like so afraid
to hold on all much better when I was
younger I was so afraid to cook because
I was afraid of messing it up here's a
little bit of advice to guys if you're
afraid to cook just start doing it can't
really screw it up as long as you're as
long as you have taste buds you're not a
robot you'll be able to figure it out
foods done i just opened up a letter
from the tour and this person made a
mirror because of that photo that i
posted up Danny desperately trying to
put his contacts in all we have on the
on the tour bus was a the freaking
toaster made a mirror to put on the
toaster I want to leave that here from
now on just in case ally has to do last
minute makeup I think this actually
might be a success this might actually
be a success that looks good and that
looks good hell yeah I'm gonna open an
entire restaurant based on where I cook
food yes i know i just took it out it
becomes like a mr. grab bag you have no
idea what you're gonna get ah think i
got an idea for a theme restaurant
alright guys well i'm gonna go to bed
now two more champagne secret phrase is
secret phrases go home Charles you're
drunk good night and oh hi dully good
night guys sorry so I just got back from
seeing on silver linings playbook with
my mom had a little
mom and daughter night and it was really
good actually i was initially a little
bit afraid of the bradley cooper
jennifer lawrence combo like I thought
there was not going to be any chemistry
there but I was really pleasantly
surprised I thought it was great see
what you did
it's coming over hardly wait
where's easy at sexy
giddy with child trippy
Lexi
us with trust raphy
don't forget going
you
