come on over let's go Rach Marlee buddy
let's go let's go for a walk
hey come on almost it's right again mama
let's go for a walk
put your answer there good girl good
girl now let's go for a walk it's real
hey let's go get coffee in a cookie
coughing cookies let's go get coffee and
cookies spend like a month they probably
forgot about you the private guy who you
are you have to introduce yourself again
oh we got to go do our tradition of
coffee and cookies and I also have to go
down and take the equipment to the
storage unit because
who's the guitars just like forever
copilot huh coffee and cookies
tradition gotta get back into those
traditions you know like it's good I'm
pretty proud of myself when I was
overseas I had coffee I can literally
count on my hands wasn't addicted now
what are we a dick myself
game face on game face
did they give you these ok globe boy
coffee and cookies are the greatest
thing in the world so I've been pretty
much driving all day to get the
equipment taken care of and just a
couple of errands and I just I stopped
and realized that a stop sign I was just
like a four-way stop I just stopped at
the window down I looked outside I was
like it's a gorgeous day and I'm just
wasting it right now
so girls hey who wants to go to the
beach huh you want to go to the beach
what's the chase some fish ok you want
to chase some fish oh okay oh come on my
boy nope you missed mama mama come on
you missed again come on buddy put your
colour on there we go
weirdo Oh every single time she sees the
cameras like nope no you knew one of the
first things I had to do the second I
get back to Florida is hit up the beach
but basically landlocked I wouldn't say
landlocked but here in Europe and stuff
like that but there wasn't there wasn't
this beach and this much Sun so I have
to get it absorb it gotta get all the
nutrients I'm kind of like a plant I
need to do my own photosynthesis Marley
pooping in the grass it's all gonna go
in she can actually do it kind of oh she
went in got a freaking Yeti back there
Oh Oh Molly's chasing away the Yeti no
no water is it too cold it is kind of
cold actually I was expecting it to be a
little bit warmer it was warmer earlier
those and this is dropped hey Zoey I'll
give you $10 if you go in the water ten
bucks I don't mean to laugh put it's
funny you done I don't know what starts
first getting sand in your nose or
sneezing and then getting more sand in
he knows it's like I was saying the
other day that Zoey is completely
forgiven me but Marley on the other hand
like look at this she usually is right
next to me she's like at least five feet
away from me at long times right now
she's still pissed on come here Marley I
got treats got treats see nothing still
pissed Marley what some steak ah
Marley what it's dick stick well you too
Marley now we wait for the sunset
so Freddie what are you staring at
oh my gosh did the Pelican get the
Pelican
I think it's gonna kick their butts
Tilikum is not taking their crap and now
the Sun shall go to the other side of
the planet where I was briefly for three
weeks goodbye Sun goodbye we shall see
you tomorrow our just bit in the sand
ah hi you got you guys done chasing
pelicans huh no more does it come on
let's go chase this one so you might be
wondering where Ali has been all day
pretty much she's been stuck everything
she had to do to ask Ali's and there's a
big do a CT a cinema which I think went
live yesterday or should be live right
now so since she's been like you know
I've been basically getting the play at
the beach and stuff I got some
cheesecake as a as a thank you for doing
that and allowing me to play who does my
cheesecake there you go Frank that's
like the best edit break ever cheesecake
no in Marla's like I really like cheese
and cake so that's yeah and Marley likes
all three things yeah I doubt it
you know how bad your farts would smell
oh my god bad as your farts probably you
know touch reminisce later so now that I
have access to a frickin stove I can
make it like a homemade calzone or
something like that I'm going on that
tour bus you guys saw it though the best
I could possibly do was use a microwave
and even if I use the microwave to smoke
the smoke detector went off so now that
I have a frickin stove
I gotta go all out I gotta make food
again ah deliciousness actually while
I'm baking I just want to say thank you
to all you guys that have been voting
for me on the the Shorty Awards I think
we're like in second place right now
maybe second or third place I think it
ends in a couple days and to me one of
the best things about this whole voting
process that you guys have been doing is
that I get to read all the reasons why
you guys have been voting for me and
it's been really really like inspiring
and very very heartwarming and it's
really like motivating so I just wanted
to say thank you guys for everyone who's
been voting for me on the the Shorty
Awards if you have it like I said we're
in like third place and it ends on the
18th at midnight the links down there if
you could take five seconds just vote
for the next couple days that would be
absolutely amazing and I really really
honestly appreciate it and I really like
reading all your reasons why you guys
have been saying if some of them that
are really funny and then some of them
are really serious but all-in-all I
really really appreciate the you guys
taking the time to do that because you
know what if we win if we end up winning
the shorty award we got to do something
maybe I'll give away a bunch of t-shirts
or hoodies or something like that as a
thank you just kind of like my way my
token of appreciation for you guys
taking all the time and effort to do
that so yeah if you guys haven't voted
please do it get the links down there
top of the video description you just do
it for the next couple days like I said
it ends up the 18th on midnight oh yeah
I just wanted to say thank you guys for
your time because you know it really
does mean a lot guys don't mind clicking
that and then voting
that'd be absolutely amazing you guys
are awesome on a grocer no it doesn't
pesto look like baby poop it does edging
madness I literally just bend over
computer all day it sucked but I'm
really excited because I think the
weather is supposed to be good tomorrow
and I might take the doggies to the
beach next time because I really want to
go to the beach it's been like raining
and crappy since Charles got home thanks
a lot char bring home the bad weather so
I hope I'll be able to get to do
something fun with the dog Easter so
seriously you've been drinking water for
like 2 minutes straight now okay like
water you know how like you can have
triggers of certain things like I
learned about this in psychology when I
was in college they talked about how you
have you can have like a scent trigger
or some kind of like emotional trigger
based on what you see or what you smell
or what you hear like a song reminds you
of someone well I just figured out that
I have a food trigger when I was younger
when I used to live in Georgia my dad
I hardly ever like got to eat ice cream
or anything like that but my dad would
always sneak me some of his rocky road
ice cream when I was a kid and I wasn't
supposed to be eating any sweets and
that just makes me think of him so much
it just reminds me like transports me
back to when I lived in Georgia and it's
just so awesome like it's really weird
and I never expected anything like that
to happen with food but I mean I haven't
eaten this in probably 10 years and I
just had a bite of it and I was like oh
my god I'm a little kid again I don't
know if you guys ever experienced
anything like that with food I never
thought I would have a food trigger but
that's pretty interesting
and she's interesting to me
wait
worse yet sexy
giddy with child trippy
with Josefina
don't forget so anymore
