what's going on with your ears Zoey so
distracted distracted so it's a very
nice morning because Maya woke up look
who I saw in my house all right okay
keep your eyes closed that's right so
we're giving daddy a Valentine's present
okay okay hold out your hands yeah okay
selfie whoa what is this it's an awesome
book that I found at a comic shop yes so
it's like both it's both it's a whole
story about both character sets inner
woven that's crazy
isn't that awesome I was gonna tell you
guys like that for him I got when I was
visiting Jesse and Jeana there's a
really cool comic book store and they
have like graphic novels and all kinds
of stuff and got it when I was there and
I was gonna show you but I knew you
would tell them so I didn't show you the
event graining actually making yeah all
right so let me just explain the
difference here between I don't know if
it says this is even guys and girls I
think it might be the difference between
guys and girls possibly here maybe just
someone who's totally lazy so Charles
gets a box of crackers out puts the
crackers on the counter without putting
anything under and I was like honey can
you please just you know put a napkin
under it or something so come over here
and show him what you did he picks up
the crackers puts them up here sweeps
the dust into his hand and then puts it
on the food clean there's it's been
watched watch this dibban wat this great
behind me the whole time ready
I didn't do it on purpose
oh it's one out of treating she is slip
and slide
yes I'm fine I'm not gonna run again
okay
maybe we should stop running in the
house there are guitars and stuff
company came from the other side of the
planets smell it
have you figured it out yeah kick it
over ready what's in there
do you want your toys come this is not
fair come on get it by eight by all
means ready
what's this it's a giant snake for Zoey
Marty what's this
Marley took your snake what's this it's
the big boy friend Oh Marley you got a
snake so you take it
Marley no get Zoey
what a jerk good snake Oh smells tor
well gotta do some laundry now hey you
ever keep you gonna be super mighty
ready supermileage oh yeah fine other
toys wait those are toys those are Rico
these no those are toys you go for the
eyeball already goofball yeah
yeah Marley Marley
you got your bib on so you can be a
squirrel I was getting bored so I just
took Zoey Marley for a run
you ready you know what's gonna happen
now it's like no come on it's not fair I
didn't want to go for the ride maybe get
all soaking wet come on what are you
seeking why are you shaking it's like
come on man
I really don't want this you stink you
both stink first on the day no one not
the one the first day that Charles is
home it looks it looks like Matt outside
it's rainy
I brought Europe home I know all you
wanted to do it was go to the beach or
the park and we can't now cuz it's like
drenched outside so while he's getting
ready for dinner we're gonna go out for
a nice little Valentine's Day dinner
since I've been gone for so long I just
have to get some wine some champagne
I never know I always like the like
crappy stuff like out it's so funny with
a Guinea drinks like alcoholic beverages
like wines to anything I've always
swayed by the label like for example the
kangaroo or a penguin or a polar bear
breeze back that's how I base my life
decisions by cartoon animals
it's a good way to live battle royale
Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam banner around ya
clean your closet don't look ugly - mine
is so clean not really that clean look
at that all fancy yeah well wait you
have the fancy shoes and I have just
Congress I think I may have stepped in
poop no I just I think it's funny it's
like my shoes I can literally have
stepped in poop five minutes ago and I'm
still wearing them and you have fancy
shoes fancy shoes these are not walking
bit we are going actually you know this
is our first Valentine's Day in almost
two years
yeah last year I was eating a big-ass
pizza by myself in San Antonio
if you guys don't remember that big
pizza anyway so going out that I get
sent you flowers so we're going out to
eat and I'm just I've every five seconds
Allie keeps catching me and I'm like
asleep because of the whole seven-hour
different sounds like gently what does
it go like okay jet lag means you're
lagging in hours but like I'm in like
2:30 in the morning right now so I'm in
the future is this still considered jet
lag if your future tired does that makes
any sense so right now I'm just like
slapping myself trying to wake up I will
wake up is this an Italian restaurant I
would be a cliche if I just fell asleep
in my spaghetti what
jet latency jet jet lakyn latency jet
latency I like that was that that's the
same thing though right I guess it is
jet jet lag jet latency there's just
some kind of weird delay or something my
camera's dying and we only brought my
camera
correct they got all the fancy
background actually kind of cool we
should do that like would you do our
house like this it's pretty cool that's
like Kron big in the Northeast I love
restaurants where they're like so fancy
that they use like retro things like a
basin jug mason jugs right
we got fancy drinks that's a big-ass
blackberry
that's why don't you smoke I want a bad
berry good
feel like they just put a bunch of ice
in there like we need a fire
extinguisher this thing is like freaking
like so hot
I feel like bloating on soup is like a
double single boil for the doesn't work
and I don't feel like it does I feel
like you get bullets or like Steve Jobs
making you do this
you just feel like it's working
a piece that if it just is high okay
you're gonna have to repeat on camera
what you just said to me how is the food
you would like this that's why I took a
bakery Celica screwed not every single
one it was only okay Zoe alright see
because I got my burger cooked the right
way I get the bread get your burgers the
size of your face it was a giant all
yeah we should share
did you just I don't give you everything
fine to a girl you know what I don't
number one rule if a girl how she looks
you don't say
thanks and have fruit at the bottom I
spent 20 minutes give me the full inside
I already want to drink anymore mom are
what is your deal
well it is time to go to bed we wanted
to wish you guys a happy Valentine's Day
oh no it's fine I'll talk for you she
says that I am the most handsome
smartest and always right person in the
world no matter what no it's true I
can't believe you said that thank you
I'm always right apparently and that I'm
the smartest person in the world yeah
yeah and that that I should get
fifteen-minute back massages that all
time happy Valentine's Day and oh you
have to do it again
cuz I'm the smartest person in the world
because you started filming while
brushing my teeth you're in a
relationship that ski always asked
questions when the other person is
brushing their teeth you will always get
the answer you want wait what so the
secret phrase is happy Anna Howard Shaw
day and you get bonus points if you tell
us where that's from your Twitter would
you like oh you want to give me a 30 bit
up 30 minute back massage that's amazing
what a great wife I'll see you guys
tomorrow good night
wait
worse yet sexy
get it with y'all trippin
with tertiary
