Oh morning guys so we are on our way
home and we got locked out of the arena
to get to the bus so we're going to be
taking turns
security security you done that was a
long time highway huh no you cannot have
my drink all right you guys this is
crazy
I've never found a single thing that
Miley would not eat that was
food-related I found it this is the
naked green machine she absolutely will
not even go near it
oh my god but Zoe loves it and she wants
to eat it all I've never seen this
happen in the entire time that I've had
these dogs it's always Zoe won't eat it
and Marley will but look at this
she has an aversion to it she's like
nope nope nope so we're all cleaning the
bunks and stuff like this and look what
nerd rock did and Zach's little bunk
that is so creepy coach is going to be
freaking out
it looks like Jeffery stars all of us so
we are all piled in and then we head to
the airport
Ron whatever you go before and at 9:30
and now we migrate everything into the
thank somehow and out started rain too
which is awesome this is the best part
about traveling is that the negotiation
process now hat like happens when we try
to persuade the any flight attendants to
allow us to allow so many bags on the
play it's always it's always
negotiations and we always take turn in
today's try this time
mine was last time
cutters losing his mind
you'll be back in Florida soon buddy
and you could use a real hammock
enjoying some outside time
another really gorgeous beautiful insane
day in Florida she's she stretched out
out oh it stepped on something
out out oh that's nice Zoey that's
beautiful Oh Marley oh that's so lovely
good job did I tell you that your daddy
was coming home today daddy's coming
home today guess who's coming home Riley
daddy's coming home just like man don't
really care I am so glad he's coming
back it's been awesome to see everything
they've been doing on tour and they just
look like they've had an absolute blast
but I mean obviously I'll be very happy
once my husband comes home because I
missed him a lot and the girls have
missed him so much and I'm sure you guys
have missed him too
try not to smile and do that yeah
come on do it do it do a manual kickflip
it it's like the worst like we're
security in the world right behind us
the entire time just not even care
this is the best luggage ever even got a
hole in it it's the experiment we want
to see the most ridiculous thing we can
actually check yes we have to check so
much no your honor no so we're getting
on the plane yeah so we're hearing that
maybe our answer that Amsterdam to the
States canceled you're not hearing at
the reading and so the official tell my
website he's in denial
it's not happening work no I it's a
glitch I was like wait we're all here
where is daddy
there yes what happened was everyone got
on different planes and then the lady
like we asked her to switch it she said
there was nothing to do that all of a
sudden she became like superwoman had
like two phones on her head and just
like somehow managed to get all of us
because it was originally nerd rock and
Danny on the same flight and then Hunter
and I got kind of screwed now hunter won
the lottery he's on the top of the plane
first class but the good news is that
we're all on the same flight now on that
big guy she's going home actually two or
three hours earlier so I think it's kind
of a win so that's where Hondo gets to
go now it is time to like oh it actually
says delicious meal that was the case
Ricketts was make sure
almost there
oh it's like a nightmare we have to get
on this flight in like 30 minutes and
the bags aren't here so we have to wait
the odd sized ones where surfboards come
out apparently and bicycles then just
pray they come out when I was a kid toy
so it's turning into one of those days
literally having to run to the gate okay
so we have ten minutes to get there and
it's still getting checked over and over
and then it gets into a different line
and now he's on a different flight and I
don't know where we're going I think we
might be going to Singapore something I
don't even know
oh no but now we have to take this
stupid little tram thing
this genuinely wasn't at all to first
change literally the last people on the
plane now I don't know how we just did
this sweet talking we're a bunch of
good-looking games
we're here in Tampa hunter and I Danny
ran off basically but this is like one
for the memoirs one day when we want to
write a book when we landed in Tampa
first it was like 30 minutes late we
begged to get on the plane it's like
their ticket their ticket wasn't even
the right ticket and somehow we begged
and pleaded they got us on the flight
the flight with one minutes to spare
literally one minute and then when we
landed in Tampa they announced that no
one was getting on the plane off the
plane because there's cops here looking
from some dude named Brian and that we
had to show IDs and all this stuff and
we couldn't get off the flight for 40
minutes 45 minutes like it's like trip
from hell
lower back back in the states just
recounted the entire story two minutes I
don't know how you didn't punch a baby I
want it he's been dealt like the worst
hand in travel they all have people have
lost their bags oh no way he's not home
Drock is still over five with some
animal whisperer it's so cool I love
that their antennae look at little
wispies I'm not gonna touch it I'll
flick you alright go free my so my bags
are missing right and I'll give me a new
toothbrush and stuff so I can like take
a shower and stuff so she took the dogs
without them seeing me because I want to
do a little thing so I'm gonna do little
traps like here's my jacket not traps
but little hints that I'm home so when
they come home they freak out I want to
see if they notice there's my backpack
okay we'll leave a shoe there push you
push you here throw up a scent you know
that you yeah do you know what do you
smell
now
ready go it's my favorite thing
breakfast dinner I love breakfast for
dinner
I think barley like I'm stopped yet like
I have to prove myself too they've been
everywhere that Charles walks in the
house Zoe wait and they follows this one
is Oh Marley Marley is being distant I
think she's pissed she's waiting for you
to gain confidence and trust
Zoey's right under my feet all right
guys it's about time for us to go to bed
I'm so happy Charles is home he was gone
for like three weeks this time but
that's still a really long time I gotta
tell you something funny I was in the
shower and I expected to come out and
see him watching TV out here with the
girls let me show you where he is yeah
all right so I think everybody's pretty
pooped we're gonna pass out for tonight
we'll see you guys tomorrow as always
and we love you good night guys
wait
beauty with trippy
with trippy
don't forget
