we're gonna someone's gonna get hit by a
car one day geez basically today's what
you call a drop-off where the bus can't
stay by the venue oh look at that though
oh wow right there what a good day yes
yes so this is the new way that we're
traveling we look at the starbucks
starbucks mugs and try to find whatever
picture is on there so right now we need
them here gonna go bear hunting bear
eating broccoli gotta find that
somewhere attracts trying to make a
sweet tea again desperately yes met move
to Spain in traditional ET de vida hi
can't go down I think we got to go up
we're trying to get to the venue right
now and ok um to the stage there's
double doors over here waiting that's on
here I'm a sad panda today I realized
that my 3d s screen is broken I noticed
it when i went to Jesse and Gina's house
and I didn't really know what to do but
I talked to my brother and he said to
just call the like customer support and
ask them what the deal is but it's dead
right now so I can't really show you but
when it's on if I you know use the 3d
slider the screens just cross like what
it actually does for 3d but there's no
effect it doesn't work on me maybe my
eyes are broken and I'm just really
bummed out like i have a working gameboy
color you know like I don't know why
this happened all of a sudden like I
take really good care of this thing so I
don't know what happened why I happened
where it happened when it happened but
unfortunately the 3d feature isn't
working and that's kind of the entire
point of this thing so I'm definitely
gonna send it back Nintendo but I was
just wondering if any of you guys have
ever experienced this before um and what
you did because I've never heard of this
happening but I'm going to do a little
bit more research on it so um so I was
just calling the Nintendo like customer
service hotline and my phone froze it
won't do anything why does all of my
technology breaking what the hell is
going on what the hell I know shaking
it's not gonna friggin do anything but
this is Lauren
I don't want throw it we are on a
mission right now to find the bear
eating the broccoli have a carrot also
known as zanahoria and the Spanish
language that actually said how's the
carrot yeah brilliant
come here Rock the bear stop force up
brother bear no way that's it that's so
checking like a two-story thing broccoli
bear and there's we need the pool with
broccoli found it no plaque about this
thing Hillary's why we know is because
it was on a coffee mug oh you can get a
messy Jersey see they would never have a
story like this in the States like grace
small mania or something they really
like football here not soccer football
sorry I made a mistake several times
while I was over here calling a soccer
oh this is I want to be a ref Montaditos
do you guys remember this tiny little
sandwiches I got to do it I have to do
it ah two thousand nine days how are you
jealous jealous Danny got they gave him
a number 80 in 7 1 830 chatter dog you
got calamari money's cowboy look cool
little surprise haven't been there
literally those were like the 2009 blogs
like when we were starting remember we
was always go there because I couldn't
speak Spanish at all and valencia and i
would only go there because it was the
only place I could just point to a
number and get food every single time
blast in the past this is travis
impression of somebody tripping and
trying to fix their mistake we just we
saw some guy who tripped and then
pretending like he was right
I feel like everyone's been there
everyone's been there but you had like
now you gotta you like check your Nike
sports watch language never look back
never look like a lot of you'll make the
mistake of like there's nothing there
yesterday we tried to do the whole
Harlem dance thing as I was saying in
Barcelona but it kind of kind of screwed
it up this time we have a better stage
with more like lighting way better
lighting this time so new rock is
helping us MacGyver a nice little
shelving unit out of a drumstick box yup
that way we can do this and hopefully by
the end of this video there'll be a link
to three variations of this in the
movies my credit would be gaffer best
boy or just take boy tape boy there we
go if this actually works everyone right
now in the comments say thank you nerd
rock
that's the rock and I testing and make
sure it doesn't shake this is like one
of Charles peeves number 42 with the
bathroom yet that touch the handle is
not a kick nobody washes their hands
bringing Jones Bree and then there's no
paper towels to get it open
gross what are you doing I saw you
biting the food bowl what's in there get
literally of juice well if you stole
that entire bowl of water i'm gonna be
really irritated with you now she's
standing she's standing in football
luckily what is the damage here what's
the problem what in Zoe what is going on
in here no oh no I just wag my tail and
don't pretend like I don't know what's
going on this one hasn't moved since I
cleaned her bed I washed the cover of
all of her beds in the house and she's
all about it we're gonna go to Starbucks
cuz important doesn't really do much for
what we're going to this go to Starbucks
whoo Wi-Fi show Danny Wi-Fi hey my that
is Brian's name and then hondo is ? did
you get they say your name I got a line
so it is dinner time and you know what
trav and I want to get Montaditos again
ever bring a beer I know we're bringing
boo ride and bring him to you right now
yeah yeah brides out here hey what's
that noise what's that noise puppies
hello puppy yep I'm reacted and free
addicted really reacted first yep I've
relapse and I'm now eating tiny
sandwiches again at the local watering
hole there coy
just testing at the just everything
tomorrow you won't have a good it was
hiding two capellinis Nicoli committed
that much so great yet what I want to
see what I'm not really high end of this
video right now thanks for the art of
our love dance video college is
supporting rental until my shaving cream
players people just get into this movie
shot of here betrayed lied I'm awesome
alright so they already know
ok so then he doesn't have a shower so
we're resorting pretty much the bathroom
showers hundred washing his hair and
washing my face Danny's brush gonna see
this thing will stop freaking
pretty much how you have to try a face
cuz a lot paper towels glamour glamour
where Zoey Marley hello alright so we're
leaving Madrid and uh couple of you
wanted to say bye so bye what are you
again she's the Dean oh sorry so we're
heading to Portugal it's going to be is
actually the last show of the entire
tour this tour has been so freaking
amazing met so many awesome people it's
sad to have it come to an end but at the
same time it's gonna be amazing being
home seeing Ali Zoe Marlene you know
kind of relaxing for a little bit make
sure to check out the Harlem shake video
and hope you guys like it good night so
you've been asking us on Twitter to do
this and we finally did it a Harlem
shake video but this time we put a twist
on it we use the entire crowd here in
Madrid Spain so it made it even more fun
so click here check it out on youtube
com says Charles Trippy go check it out
there's couple versions of it actually
and I want you when you watch it try to
find all the weird stuff in the video
because we try to make it as weird as
possible all right enjoy I'll see you
guys tomorrow good night
see what you did to
are the waiter
where's epsxe
he withdraws trippy
where's media Lexi
with chubby and hairy don't forget to
anymore
