it's basically my dream come true gonna
go to Mars I promise he's gonna leave
there was a bee eating honey off my
mom's shirt for like the past 20 minutes
there's following us around because we
have a honey desert illness and you
spilled it on yourself and now they're
sitting right there right he's still
there he's gonna leave don't worry
they're gonna leave
I think that's out so some people travel
the world and they want to try different
beers or they want to try different
foods or see different sights and sounds
and things like that Danny I on the
other hand travel the world and
basically speed testing for wi-fi's and
drink the same coffee it's pretty much
what we do everyone travels differently
this Wi-Fi is maybe two bars
got this bye guys see ya thank you oh I
love Spain that is why I love Spain now
I remember how friendly everyone was we
were just walking we saw a bunch of red
jackets he's got a blue one what else he
do one guy only spoke English so we had
to demonstrate like this I have like
ride bikes like this around him and they
were just like oh okay all right
and they brought everyone back to do it
so this stage spins and then I don't
know if you can see this spins as well
won't it stop it's like the cups at
Disney World
so what I was saying yesterday is that
we're gonna try to shoot that video
we're gonna try to do one of those
Harlem shakes with everybody in the
audience here in Barcelona so we're
gonna kind of set it up here and then
face the crowd and everything hoping it
works I feel like there's gonna be a
little bit of lost in translation but I
talked to a bunch of people out front
who speak better English than I do and
they're gonna help translate everything
so it should be pretty cool it should be
interesting but uh fingers crossed we
could actually make it work what'd you
find there all right girls have had
their fun rolling around in the dirt in
the yard and being filthy I want to get
one last roll in cuz this is happening
Zoe you're gonna get a bath oh I don't
want it I'm running away
she starts leaving immediately when I
say the word bath so this is the
featured stick huh that's the one that's
the keeper and every single vlog hi
Marlee yes we know that you cut
everybody off when they're filming oh
don't hump your sister that is gross now
I'm gonna steal her bone I mean her
stick you are such a douche you know
what guys I'm already deciding I don't
even need to wait till the day is over
the secret phrase for today is Marley is
a douche
you're such a dick you took it and then
you just leave it there you're not even
gonna play with it holy banana hammock
do you guys remember when we played this
squash baseball or pumpkin baseball
whatever that
is one of the seeds that apparently is
growing hi Koko seriously I can't
believe how huge that is that's gigantic
so my mom and I went to the Greek
Festival earlier I night I filmed while
I was on the way there but they aren't
doing the drawing until like 7:00 or
7:30 or something like that tonight so
I'm gonna go back and see if I won and
hopefully I did I'm sure I won't I have
like the worst luck of all time every
time I gamble or do anything like
betting wise I lose big time so I doubt
that I'm going to win but you know what
I'm not gonna get down at myself about
it I would have a good attitude about it
hopefully I win a car
is that your I wanna win a car dance
this is the problem kitchen is like so
pissed with your head oh my shit is
about to go down Coco be nice be nice
she's an old lady this is pure growling
kitchen you are mean well this is so
intense it's ridiculous I think you need
to drop it honey I don't think that
she's gonna play there is a serious cat
fight yeah I want to tell the internet
what you were doing say yeah I'm liking
my job cuz I just try to eat some cat
poo she got half way into the litter box
and got a nugget of poop out but I
caught her before she ate it in that
right Marlee yeah I didn't mean it this
is part of the most unique venue that
we've ever been in
thank you money yard sale what is that
well then oh okay blowing up strictly
orange
HDMI Bodhi in here that this locked
this ice okay that's not creepy just the
black mold around it it's kind of creepy
they really have to turn the water off
otherwise a shower leak so the toilet
doesn't flush goalies in the middle of
shaving and he's just like no no no we
got we got no money
Sunday so Barcelona is completely barren
we're trying to find some sort of food
that hungry they're mirages everywhere
just dancing nachos it's good doctor
wait what's the Frogger theme song Ally
mantra Vito we need the food macaroni
I'm gonna do macaroni down here you
could have a whopping hannah montana's
yep hello kitty pancakes brains potatoes
like that if you could change your face
mmm
Hannah Montana burger giant kohli what
did you get a vent coffee like a large
coffee some micro the new mic did you
get one - oh it's espresso look how
beautiful it is
we came back more seconds I'm in the
green vest
and no heat and no he's a monster I
didn't win the cash or the trip and
maybe the card so I made some of this
candy for snake we are hanging out and
he's not had this candy before so he's
gonna try it right now heaven heaven yep
yeah that's the consensus good I'm glad
you like it
yeah so if you guys have not seen it
actually made a video about this on my
channel so you get a youtube.com slash
Ally I mean I caught it like chocolate
toffee saltine candy but it's a really
easy recipe and is awesome so you should
go check it out so we just tried to
figure out this really trial and error
version of this Harlem shake thing if
this doesn't work we're hoping it works
in Barcelona but if it doesn't work we
have a back-up plan for Madrid we're
doing a little bit of a warm-up right
now just get ready for this show and
then we have bunch of a bunch of people
like hanging out and stuff like that
beer I is doing sounded a cos Schneider
left us I think
that work please somebody help me down
here block piace Barcelona it sounds
like thank you okay I'll say bar so Dan
I hate to tell you but uh that's your
back line for today it's like a giant
one two three four five six seven oh
eight how many thumbs one two three four
okay so there now but you got to do it
right away one two three three okay so
I'm wrong now it's his turn go to Madrid
let's go let's go let's go all right
guys I'm getting ready to go to bed I
had a really fun time today theory
festival we got to go again thinking
this cuz I loved it even though I didn't
win the raffle dang it I was so
disappointed I was really hoping that we
would win just cuz I thought that would
be really cool footage and because who
doesn't want a free car what are you
doing in there I know you're sneaking
crumbs you are so not stealth that's it
for today thank you so much for watching
and don't forget to subscribe
alright we love you we'll see you
tomorrow good night guys
worse yet sexy
with trippy
Cinthia
to be in a hurry don't forget Zoey
