oh boy girls mommy splurged a little bit
and got you your favorite treat what
ma'am get down from that kitchen counter
my goodness guys we are almost to
Barcelona and we are in an truck stop I
think in France maybe maybe we're in
Spain this is the most kid-friendly
trick stop I've ever rented he's like
toys everywhere this is what I need to
get I need to get an awesome farce a
Jersey Ally would be so jealous so we
are questioning the fact that nerd rock
I don't think he was left at the truck
stop because we have claims that he was
in here the whole time
dingo ate him possibly but now I think
he just wandered off and now we're
concerned that nobody saw him wander off
okay bedrock hello Wi-Fi Bart's up for
the win
so we're trying to go find a nice little
topless place and you guys notice
anything here just notice anything about
this group of people okay that's what
their jackets or I should say fake
leather jackets look at the scary biker
photo we just took
yeah you wouldn't mess with us there you
go be right back at home get some ribs
tex-mex
Floyd ah so we come all the way to
Barcelona and this is where we go to the
American restaurant Tampa Florida what
what so it looks like I have a tour
casualty I have no idea where this came
from right on the backs it goes deep
scratch you can see it and it's making
me sad authentic Spanish food right
right by a guy named Ignacio and nacho
is surely not a nerd rock you made
Wikipedia check out this dude he was
just hanging out in my yard oh there's
the other one
hey guys these are so pretty if you guys
have never seen these birds before
they're called sandhill cranes and
they're actually I think a protected
species of bird in Florida and they are
awesome and they mate for life and
they're so cool and they are so loud
when they're flying overhead they make
this like awful noise and it's so scary
it freaks the dogs out every time oh
yeah great salad a really really good
chicken and lemon soup that I don't know
spanakopita and these are I think grape
leaves and my mom is freaking out around
somewhere with the Greek Lundy they know
they have spanakopita and if we made
this a while ago
don't do that at home not because it's
dangerous just because your mom will be
they're looking for
my mom's gonna get attacked by the
instrument
there's a raffle that they knew every
single year at the Greek blendy and I
went in on the ticket and hopefully I'll
win a car because that would be awesome
but I also take the cash using second
prize is like $7,500 and the third prize
is a round-trip ticket for two people to
the Greek islands but the guy told me
that we could pick wherever we wanted to
go and I was like hell yeah I hope so
root for me guys check this out there's
the festival and there's the golf cart
that shoe store is hop it
that's never like good fun
I'm ashamed of myself that was terrible
oh my god what was it go out do it go on
go on it was good it's better Danny said
it has soul so the entire time being in
this mall like nothing like all the kids
are dressed up and we can't seem to
figure out the other all these coffees
like everywhere and I can't it's just
the kids nobody else then I'll let you
out the animals have lost their damn
minds
she's seriously going insane nice ones
oh she's just like army crawling what is
she doing hey mama
Marley was just rolling in the grass for
like ten minutes also someone just told
me on Twitter that someone posted a gif
of Zoe chewing on that stick from my
blog the other day and said it was their
dog not true erroneous that was totally
Zoe well yeah I read it
okay we're documenting it this is Coco's
first time outside and we have that Coco
how do you feel about this
you like the grass I'm just really gonna
eat it just like sha Shan does you like
it it's always like am I gonna be a part
of this just like excuse me I am the
famous dogs in this videos excuse me I
will step all over you oh my she just
wants my cereal oh that area here okay
that's good for a first day good joke oh
yeah hey precious you showing off for
the internet again show off be pretty oh
my gosh she's so crazy you're such a
good girl army crawl army crawl oh yeah
that's real good more roll all in that
grass cuz you're clean roll all in it I
didn't even say anything yeah why you
telling me to shut up
cuz you're me why don't you explain to
they gonna know what you're doing right
now what is that why is that there my
mom is so crazy
she puts towels over the floor mats
which are designed to make sure the
floor coming get dirty
yeah and now what is that good for crazy
so today is kind of like a really weird
Travel day day off kind of thing and
we're at this like weird little truck
stop right now and the only place it's
like yeah free Wi-Fi but the only place
that has the Wi-Fi I don't show you I'm
gonna have to sit outside and upload the
footage because that's the only place
they have the Wi-Fi which is kind of
funny it's like free Wi-Fi but you have
to stand right here alright guys you
want to see my office for tonight here
we go this is this is my office you know
it's not much I'm still working I gotta
get it you know somebody clear out this
area you know maybe put a chair over
here computer I kind of like the
computer right there maybe lower the
desk a little bit but I think it's
coming around okay this is kind of crazy
do you guys remember this this is like
circa 2009 vlogs right now when we came
here with film Lindsey alley I got
picked up on the shoulders of much of
the Australian guys in underwear and
everything like that alright this is how
I figure out whether or not I offend
somebody when I'm in another country hey
honey I'm trying to figure out recording
right now how to say the like thank you
you're welcome
pardon me and please we have our own
little trick translator right now I
didn't know the Grim Reaper Spider Man
with friends I'm starting to remember
what happens here you get pitched to go
to a bar every single like 5 feet it's a
new person asking to try to pitch you to
go to their bar it is crazy to walk this
like 4 years ago when we were actually
starting the vlogs to come back over
here it's really kind of cool I just
wish Allie was here cuz I know she'd
have to be happy it's like what was one
of her favorite places I remember that
she was like constantly good but it was
like 4 a.m. we just got on a train and
got here we had no hotel or anything she
forgot her passport and everything I
think that one of the titles were like
man attacked by naked people or
something is sometimes like October 2009
if you want to watch those vlogs four
years ago this is Danny fighting
everything right now
Danny just wants to go to a bar we all
do come on Danny you can do it good
don't give up don't give up we got one
we got one
I want to but then she told me she's
gonna have a Jager Bomb and your bomb
expert so yes you can all right
alright guys well it's time to go to bed
tomorrow's our show in Barcelona and we
actually are going to I've been reading
all our @replies we are going to be
shooting a video at the Barcelona show
so if you come in there it's going to be
fun do you guys want to speculate what
it might be in the comments so I will
see you guys tomorrow
have a great night I'm pretty much
enjoying our day off right now
it's kind of cold Carnivale we've kind
of missed it but it was it was pretty
fun it was kind of cool to be at the La
Rocque Las Ramblas rama's I think that's
it I'll see you guys tomorrow
good night I need your hands down ok
thanks bye
see what you did
yes
with y'all trippin
it would be an alley
anymore
