so I woke up this morning and I looked
out and there was a line forming and
this lovely girl is drawing my face
thought that was pretty awesome I had to
show you guys all right this is Ariel as
I said it right right audio right she's
the one who's drawing it yeah you know
so trav and I are on our mission to find
the best pizza and milan italy so we're
trying to find pizzeria Spontini which
is apparently really good settle water
found me is it really
all right it's really good free water
yeah so we're trying to go to a thing
Domo Domo something is the cathedral
here I think it might have the last
summit supper hey summer the last summer
painting it's a really good one another
one where Jesus and all his disciples
said at a table you know do they want to
Cancun well they were in Cancun so drabs
not allowed to cross this line right now
with an open container stay espresso all
espresso so like what do you ask for a
coffee this is what to get you so
screwed up
straight up espresso
ha alright that's all I'm hyper now
should i do what I James Bond
do what they do in sky hook and just
jump on the back the trap just just run
there's no trains that you're okay play
there's a train stay right there so
we're trying to go to I think duomo
duomo something is the cathedral here I
think it might have the last summit
supper hey summer the last summer
painting it's a really good one another
one where Jesus and all his disciples
sit at a table you know where they went
to Cancun while they were in Cancun so
trav's not allowed to cross this line
right now with an open container stay
why is that they're just ruins that
entire thing it's a beautiful cathedral
yeah you know I want to get some some
clothes Wow
wow it's like we're in Europe it's kind
of like one of those things you know a
lot of cathedrals look the same but like
when you find one that doesn't it is
unique looking like all these people
like they always try to give you like
the necklaces i think if we said no
about 50 times right now it's like the
opposite of thievery before she they're
like yeah right this is exactly what
happens is they put it in your hand and
if you take it you have to buy it and so
lesson learned and italy don't take
anything anyone gives you it's not free
i promise you oh my goodness if you guys
are ever in the line come to the doom oh
this is absolutely gorgeous
nice to know that we could do this in
the digital age without of math and
point to a wrinkles but this is actually
kind of one of those earning our own
merit badges we've been relying on
google maps and Apple maps the whole
time guy gave us one of these were just
like what's this here's the best part is
trying to fold those things just always
just a crank my mom used to give it to
me when she was driving i used to
crinkle it up and just shove it
somewhere oh man like oh boy so many
people good morning internets today i
got my keratin washed out finally thank
you lord my hair's clean was driving me
absolutely at the wall but it is
gorgeous and I'm so happy a really
awesome girl named Darren did it for me
this time normally my girls summer did
it but she is pregnant so she can't
really deal with it she's got morning
sickness and the fumes kind of make her
feel bad but I was so excited to hear
that she was pregnant such great news so
anyway I'm just yammering but I'm going
to meet my mom for lunch now at my
favorite place on the planet how so do
for a go oh and this clip is just for
Charles you jealous baby are you jealous
sky is blue and it's like 75 degrees out
oh you trying jealous of snow I live in
paradise biatch that was kind of bitchy
I know I just want to make Charles feel
bad because I want to be it's not what
it makes it bad trying to find the last
supper now and apparently it's going to
be at a church called the Santa but it's
on to something santa santa maria delle
grazie just our luck missed out but I
did see a nice woven tapestry with it on
there and a couple postcards at the gift
shop yeah is the same thing right Oh
next time I guess we'll have to come
back to Milan we're shot head over a
Porsche with more coffee do I'm like
tweaking right now my heart explodes
well we had to do round two everyone has
some more espresso oh we're going Fat
City gotta go fat city so we may or may
not be a little late for sound check
we're just gonna tell in the metro just
crashed
definitely not that we got drew auto boo
shiny so now I have something to stare
at every single time I'm playing now
just a giant shiny ball let's go see
scusi scusi this cozy Oh scusi scusi
scusi hey that I got say Italian a son
olap you got like the mondo cuz I mean
Peppa help you this other one we get
it's like a maple syrup thing there we
go some traditional pizza from Italy now
Charles's bathrooms of the world alot
Italy like a faucet and I was bathrooms
around the world a lot Italy so much
makeup hi hi hi hi hi hi hi
hey guys Italy wants to see hi
ah is my buddy Julia okay you want to
tell him what you've been practicing a
dozen synthesizer 00 jacket what about
my ones is the thousand synthesizer 1000
words I can't do it I can't do it you
guys want to see one of the funniest and
most obnoxious things you can do while
your parents are trying to watch a movie
it's the most annoying thing make a
bunch of noise of a cereal bowl hey guys
I like this little makeshift table that
we have going on we are in Jesse and
James's oh how long ago did you get the
house Oh what four days ago yeah so
exciting what's your favorite thing so
far you like the yard you do have a nice
yard the floors the floors the floors
are very nice see this is like weird
crap that you think about when you like
grow up and get a house you're like yeah
I love floor i love it because
everything looks good yeah it's really
pretty and we're gonna have some
champagne celebrate so the venue got us
a tearoom take showers which is kind of
cool because the last couple of years
have been pretty in a unique with the
showers and stuff like that glazing a
shower then I'm just sliding around
having fun I now own a camera how are
you you look pretty yeah i guess what
i'm wearing fresh socks and they're very
nice I wearing clean socks and it's very
nice okay all right I love you I gotta
go so Brian and Danny are having a
contest where they'll to see if they can
get the beats per minute for songs um
let's go it's kind of tough eek stuff
you can you do okay I'm sorry with Danny
nailed the weezer song but we're gonna
do another one oh here's another one
double 17 yes my god 145 wow I p.m. off
okay so as a part of this game which we
determined that beats per minute the BPM
of a song that you haven't heard in a
while Charles is going to do Everlong by
foo fighters he has to tap out what he
thinks the tempo is and then we're going
to tell him if he's wrong or right you
can be with him three BPM lower or
higher it's in 150 range 150 1 i'm a way
to watch I wanted to be strung out I'm
sorry don't do this
I think I said it was you were too slow
or too slow oh but not by much what did
i do that's one year 113 190 151 oh yes
well so apparently subconsciously I was
just doing she takes me high you're too
good I'm just always on time guys real
question Brian do have we the kings on
your iPod I don't know honestly you're
fired I don't want it to accidentally
play before y'all go on white stripes
seven nation army oh god oh my gosh this
is a bass-heavy song well the thing is I
don't know what the real song sound I
don't think I've ever heard in a simple
feel that you're gonna feel the pocket
feel that pocket my best guess got me
112like steady 120 well you weren't far
away to the ones are less than 10 be too
late it's about 120 I'm just kidding
little quick alright so here here's the
fun one okay we did all those other
songs now we're actually doing our own
song Friday's forever it's being brought
and I feel like we're gonna do this
really really bad on this one Oh 44b oh
my god oh I'm gonna get up fucking
cheers all right guys I'm getting ready
to go to bed it's pretty late now i just
finished in everything you did it do for
the day I'm so sorry that I wasn't in
the vlog a lot today I got really caught
up trying to do cinema and take care of
a bunch of stuff that needed to do or on
the house and for taxes and all that
crap that no one wants to do but that's
it for me you guys um honey i miss you i
hope you're having a blast and thank you
guys so much for watching today's video
and we'll see you tomorrow goodnight
guys love you
what
it's coming up an army wait
hey where's baby a tuxedo
giddy with y'all trippin
let's see
west with trust raphy Mary
