black coat black shoes black hat
Cadillac yeah Marni's a timebomb black
coat black shoes black Cadillac I don't
think she's happy with me doing that
your turn to dance now yeah you show
everyone your happy face ready yeah she
hates me good morning everyone so today
we are in one of my favorite favorite
countries of all time Switzerland and
apparently we've had like a big blizzard
and it looks awesome Snow's everywhere
mister I got to feel this water so good
god it's like New York Chuck's and snow
don't mix just absorbs so I switch
saloons DejaVu Danny just got hit smack
in the face it was like right here dude
no this is where we saw David we hate
that's where Hattie was eating our hotel
was over there yeah I jumped again
that's two already to take so pretty you
know what I think I like Switzerland so
much is because like the architecture
especially right now with the snow is
that it just seems like a giant like
movie set you only mean it's just a
giant production I don't know just the
architecture is so pretty and the snow
just likes it looks like Harry Potter
world
zurk is just giant Harry Potter world
hey we have no food for you
what noise is Aswan make
- sounds like a dying Swan oh I won't
talk back okay this is how ridiculous
this is I haven't talked about this
before but I have keratin on my hair
right now and I cannot get it wet for
like until tomorrow and it's raining now
so I can't even walk like ten feet my
car initiate dual layer protection so
obnoxious
of course like right like finally get
outside to be able to do stuff oh my god
and someone just cracked a joke at me
about how like we always cut between
clips of Charles doing something funny
and me bitching about something in the
vlogs and now here we go again I just
think it's such a strange concept like I
know I need to keep my hair nice because
I paid money to have it done but it's
like it's just water god we're gonna go
inside and the rate target so
let's go do that first I gotta put this
thing on my head I'm just gonna like
turtle it we're ready this is the best
thing you can do when you're overseas is
trying to find an antique stores
it's like museums it's an Eriksen you
guys ex and cell phones 1910 Oh creepy
what's a film this apparently this is
the gates of hell
yeah it is very who's that guy is
sitting there up there look so we were
just walking around which is pretty much
the cool thing to do when you're in dirt
and we found this place we're just like
amazing food and fresh juice just the
best part of the best place we've been
to like yeah right and free Wi-Fi fast
Wi-Fi we should start doing that four to
five well actually should be 500 is this
a this is five out of five to the Wi-Fi
is actually because Gary is about ten or
five I feel like five is a bear
literally just a store dedicated the
mouthwash it does look like an
old-fashioned stuff interesting and good
at this
this clip is just to make Ali jealous
that it's snowing then what can I say my
dandruff just completely out of control
right now she'll wash my hair more often
okay tonight's election last night
actually I don't know if I included it
last night we were listening to Mario
Paint but I think I might have filmed it
I think I might have petted out those
two daren't even see but tonight we're
listening to minecraft I'm serious
Justin I seriously nerd out and I gave
music every single night so that's a
good question if you guys could pick and
I'm talking like games that you've
played on PC or on NES or at our even or
like any handheld gaming devices like
any game you've ever played what is your
all-time favorite music which is I bet
that that's gonna be a really hard thing
for you for me little really love games
and love music that's gonna be a hard
decision what do you think yours is this
could take a while right I'll get back
to you on that okay I think I think I
really really dig the music from ocarina
of time it's really good but I honestly
can't say that that's my favorite
because a close second possibly tied for
me anyway emotionally and because it's
such good music is the music from Mario
64 because that music is awesome oh she
got they got a nerdy bill check out my
nerdy tab check that
sick ok so remind me what's going on
here so I didn't know that you guys
didn't know but you filmed that exact
same clip sitting right over there
and you said that it was me because just
really take notes even that and that I
mean that it's the same exact know every
time you're NASA
I completely forgot it
you ready for the show trap this is by
far the strangest elevator in venue like
each floor has a different dance music
the first one was like instant season
and then the second one was like cowboys
and then the other one was wrong this
way this is not what I want to be try to
find a chef oh there's a shark damn it
now you know there's actually probably
not a good idea to do it this elevator
yeah so we just kept them playing and
like last time Switzerland was amazing
it's like I said last time it's pretty
hard to film but I'm gonna I'm gonna try
to figure out maybe they took like a
tripod or something like that I just
have to say this Tory is coming out
awesome awesome awesome so many of you
guys are here and it's it's truly
heartwarming cheesy moment but it's
honestly it's really impart work me guys
so here's the other reason why we
continue doing these vlogs not only is
it so much fun but like I literally am
able to watch them myself
guiltiest er I watched my own vlogs to
make sure and see what Ally's doing see
what Zoe Marley and Alan I was just
getting ready to lay down to watch some
Archer with the dogs and I was looking
at this disc this is gonna be like
probably one of the dumbest sounding
things that I've ever asked but I really
do want to know the truth and I know
some of you nerds out there know this
when you look at the bottom of a blu-ray
disc versus the bottom of a DVD why do
they look so different now I don't know
if you guys have ever done this if
you've ever like done this and shine it
in the light and looked at it but they
look completely different let me see if
I can show you what I'm talking about
okay here's what I mean this is a DVD
and do you see how it's got the lines it
reflects the same way that a CD might
and then when you look at a blu-ray hey
there's me you cannot see that it
doesn't reflect like that it looks more
like this weird like warped you can kind
of see it towards the top of my head
like where the ceiling is you can see
this really a warped sort of look it
doesn't do the lines so anyway I don't
know I just noticed that one day when I
was changing discs and my DVD player and
I just thought it was so interesting I
had no idea that there was a difference
in the actual like reflective I mean I'm
assuming it's because the layering is
different on the discs blu-ray is
obviously way higher quality but I just
I didn't know why I did that so if any
of you guys out there know why it looks
like that let me know and if you don't
mystery hey good night Internet I like
my tail I work my tail I think Marley's
already passed out in here somewhere
oh wait no where's my like she's on her
bed out here just fishes pick a night
mommy
I love you Linda all right everybody
I'm gonna hit the hay and I just wanted
to hey look look check it out it's my
button pants you guys are crazy I love
that that was hysterical yesterday you
guys thought that I was in my underwear
then with a pair of shorts okay gosh
anyway I thought that was pretty funny
and it is funny because guys see me in a
bathing suit before so not that
different anyway all that stuff aside I
just think you guys are hysterical so I
wanted to comment on that but I wanted
to remind you guys before I go that I'm
going to be posting a new episode of
cinema today while you're watching this
maybe it's in the works so go and check
out the new cinema video it is on my
channel is about Mission Impossible
Ghost Protocol or as my brother would
say ghost Protocol that's it for my end
tonight I love you honey I hope you're
having fun I know he loves Switzerland
so sure he had a blast love you guys see
you tomorrow good night we're packing up
and I think we head to Milan which will
be the first time I've ever been Milan
Italy but I just wanted to say good
night
and I'll see you guys as always tomorrow
bye guys oh man that would have frickin
hurt that's a stone frickin never been
bad good I guess
it's hardly wait
and worse yet
with tripping
within early
