good morning guys so we are in Munich
kind of round robin we're here what six
months ago we're back so when we were
driving here it snowed so that we got
that the pretty aftermath which is way
better than it actually snowing oh so
apparently if you're being chased by a
bunch of machetes go this way they don't
give you bottle openers so you just
hungry comes around with this so the
last couple days I didn't have very much
deja vu to show you guys but today we
are in Munich and look you guys remember
this the glockenspiel is right over
there
I think it's like yep they're right
there and we set there and watch those
little guys dancing this is cool
Oh poppy distracted sorry I got
distracted distracted Oh trav got a new
phone don't break it
well hey they give them a loaner phone
and then you get a new one in Zurich
no sudden moves
Trav's impression of the glockenspiel
good morning princesses oh my god you
guys are ridiculous get out of bed mommy
already got out of bed did all the work
she had to do I made the bed and now you
guys are back in it what's up with that
up text message good morning guys it is
another beautiful day in Florida and I
am just basically walking circles around
my house but I can't talk without pacing
you guys ever notice that I feel like
whenever I'm vlogging I'm always like
walking around and pacing and circles
are doing something like I know right
girls mommy's crazy anyway so I have to
go to the grocery store because I've
been gone for a week and I have zero
food oh I really despise the grocery
store not because I don't like going and
getting all the delicious food look this
is round two circle number two I don't
despise a grocery store because I don't
like the food aspect of it I love food I
just really hate dealing with crazy
people when they're like running into me
with their shopping carts and you're
like I bet that's how you drive crazy
lady so I guess our bank gave us a free
Starbucks card guess who's gonna use it
you guys Charles don't tell Charles I
know you're gonna tell him aren't you
no ice cream is on you all right so
we're going to this brewery but okay
when we're at Oktoberfest I can't
remember the Tecla ring but I want to
say it was this one do you guys remember
please tell me in the comments cuz I
can't remember book Hofbrau Haus
it's like the same feel but a lot less
people which I have all of it
I swear it's not mine I swear something
oh boy bringing back memories
that's you got the beer oh my god okay
my mind was gonna explode
all right so I'm just gonna keep
reminding myself we have to play show so
I can't have this whole thing
you guys remember what happened last
time yeah you guys we don't know just go
look back at the Oktoberfest video
and you'll see what happens if I don't
remember
thank you thank you for that anchor trav
drei vier tat baby what five six beers
in my entire life
and they're all special moments three of
them are beer papa Danny cheers Cheers
the shared for you don't look at this
like wiggling the Weiner I think we're
already feeling it transpire the worst
worst idea we can do before a show but
I'll hold it together yeah Koli you
wouldn't go in pretty much to play so
yeah this is the brewery boats aren't
used to come to all the time
cool here's a little bit of history that
little thing is not actually a seat it's
so people when they were drunk could use
that to get on their horse and then the
what they do they which is basically
like kind of like slap the horse in the
butt and then the horse would run home
with the drunk medieval person on top of
it so pretty I know a lot of people
don't like snow but it's just so pretty
what not to do in Munich Germany so much
snow I think Ali's probably pretty
jealous right now well it's no jealous
honey I'm trying to teach you this one
how not to snap so badly when people
feed her treats Zoe's already fine when
it's eaten so easy she's very gentle
when she takes food from people however
Marlee I'm just feeding them little bits
of my omelet Marley is not so gentle
easy easy
that was slightly better mine at the
mouth my wife's blurry why is it blurry
the mothership the mothership is calling
I'm going have you ever seen a more
beautiful sight
what is that mom better words would
never come on look at this oh my god
before I forget actually Ally just
reminded me so yeah if you guys didn't
know you guys nominated me again this
year for a shorty award but in the video
blogger category which is awesome if you
guys don't know you guys have helped us
win a shorty award I think almost every
year for the past two or three years so
if you guys can can I ask you guys a
favor
can I please ask you guys a favor maybe
you guys can help me out in the video
description below there's a link click
that link and vote for me in the video
video blogger category for Charles
Trippy make sure to put a reason why I
should win if you can just take a couple
seconds it takes a couple seconds to do
it if I can get everyone to do this we
can win again and it always means a lot
to me because it's basically you guys
deciding it and this has always been an
award that's always been very close to
me and I always cherish because like I
said you guys choose it you guys
determine it and for last couple times
you guys have helped us win and it's
always good for the CTFxC to have some
of this you know recognition and stuff
like that so if you can just pause this
video video description right down there
just click it it'll open up make sure
says Charles Trippy and then video
blogger and then put a reason why if you
don't do a reason why it doesn't count
if you guys can do that that'd be
amazing
and I would be very very grateful I was
so excited I was like all warm and like
you know gentleman pump it pumping and
stuff like that but now it's starting to
get really cold and I know go back
inside but I just wanted to remind you
guys if you guys can do that awesome
favor can I ask you guys a favor please
it's so pretty it's nice to just come
out here and just gonna relax
gonna pretend like that didn't just slip
when I was talking to you guys about the
shorty award there was no snow I mean
there was no footprints in the snow and
now look you could tell like when I vlog
I just walk back and forth and like
where I was going it's kind of fun to
see
looking for freedom and freedom can't be
fuck David Hasselhoff Lady Bird Germany
we are I feel like I need to take a
moment to explain beard rock is
choreographing Travis's life these are
some of the moves these come up with
yeah we have Kathy Dennis in the
background well we can't groceries we
get groceries we get crunch fries we can
crunch please door slams if you want to
see the best and on the iPhone channels
just links down there description go
watch it all this is just behind the
scenes of how they're doing this do
anything
we are I think yeah alright guys I'm
getting ready to go to bed but I was
just I think through some of those clips
and at the very end of this video just
just that last clip I just wanted to
explain that for one second it was kind
of a joke for that show for the people
in Munich because every single time nerd
rock would raise his hands everybody in
the audience would yell wound above but
hunter had no idea what was going on so
he was just like differently convinced
and angry because he thought that
there's something going on that he
didn't know which there was so that was
pretty awesome
all right natives come on last night
David will be on the tour with us it's a
sad day but Kohli is teaching them the
Irish ways so the goal of this game is
to pass the bottle round and as people
drop off you know you keep going he's
going Kohli first name is right now
we got more ice for his drinks anyway I
just wanted to say Germany was amazing
it's for some never getting to play here
I had so much fun and I know a lot of
you guys want to see more of the shows
and stuff like that but to be honest
it's really hard because nerd rock is
constantly running Zack is constantly
running Ryan's constantly running and
you know Yoshi was always in the back
you know we've had a camera and he can
help Dani put out Yoshi be on the tour
it's really hard to have Yoshi vision
obviously his he coined it so we need to
think all is still winning but huh I
just want to say you guys are awesome
CTF X years coming out and record like
big freaking hordes you guys are all
over the place
and coming to the shows and stuff like
that it's been so awesome meeting all of
you guys it's last time in Germany we
have to have that as a secret phrase
again so vundabar
with the back slash circle board slash I
will see you guys tomorrow good night I
love you honey and make sure Zoe Marlee
are enjoying the Sun because actually
you know what I feel like Zoe would
really like this Marlee would need like
four jackets but I think Zoe would be
dropped
we should bring Zoe for some snow all
right I'll see you guys tomorrow
see what you did
wait
yes
giddy with child tripping
with just opinion early
Carly
