you find there's a little gecko in the
bathroom oh my makeup stuff he's gonna
jump
well I'm buddy I'm going dad kind of
likes me I think
for you to jump on there you go use it
was weird cuz it was tails count
underneath like my lotion and then I'm
like oh my god it feels so bad but he
moved and he like walked so and then I
like put my hand out and they put a
little FN you walk right in my hand
yeah mister D o Ali told me what my gift
is because only because I need to be
there to make sure that it's comfort
comfort yes and all that stuff I learned
a lot too I'm getting him a bike for his
birthday
won it that's one of the biggest it
wouldn't get for you but I learned a lot
actually
you know like how stuff like saw the
pole straight across and up some bikes
had to smooth down yeah you know why
they had the suit down so you don't hurt
your crotch well no not at all in there
you're not a guy women what they would
always wear their skirts
oh if their leg over he's like you'll
notice this he's like a lot of men get
over with their right leg and it goes
back over the tire they don't put their
leg through wow that's actually kind of
true just realize that yeah
and put their leg through because like
Howard you had demonstrated he's like
how would you done spy country exactly
and he was like typically men such a
layer on the back but they developed
that swoop for women I feel like it
would be harder because it's lower like
the balance you know what's really
interesting is like scientists Oh have
no idea oh my goodness
geez but scientists don't know how bikes
were I think they know it's like inertia
and momentum but they don't know why
you're able to do that is that
interesting really yeah I read something
about it and like it's like they don't
get it like they don't understand fully
why that going forward on one of those
things has that balance like if you
really think about it's like how does
the bike work you have to keep going
forward I mean if you really break it
down it's kind of interesting what are
those called like stone or shower
thoughts or something like that I think
that's what they call over just shower
thoughts if you just google like shower
thoughts it's the most interesting thing
it's is that was like an eight I'll give
it to you I'm press that was a pretty
good one I don't think I can top that
today I is pretty good burper actually
women you know you burp and I do it on
the couch you're sitting is like
sometimes it's Turtles me not always but
turtles be and yesterday I just knew it
was coming
then it was loud I'm like whoops which
is fine because that fart on her all the
time
I like your shaved beard could you have
someone pieces so I know you should date
you hope
oh yes we should get this we should
definitely get this no I had one of
these growing up and they were so fun my
little my dog Alex was jealous because
of this she would sit in the back and I
Drive my little dog around like that up
in Reverse I'm telling you guys we
should get one of these they look good
on us can you ride a tandem bike by
yourself or does that's kind of
depressing it's like I had no friends
today is the day cuz yesterday Allie
that's what it is yeah surprise cats out
of the bag so we are trying I actually
in I think it's actually a really cool
idea if I could go pick out my own bike
nice I like it you don't need a
motorized bike that's the pizza purpose
yes it does doesn't it
why-why-why how do you get by
I think like one of our older neighbors
in our neighborhood have that bike
there's something so humorous about you
trying all these bikes
we're gonna like know this one you kind
of do slightly slightly strange except
number three actually didn't over like
spoke well three for me I didn't
actually think but getting a bike was
that hard
parking garage I like this one it's nice
see I'm glad that I brought you because
I would have gone for a totally
different style please don't fall
yeah I don't think that one's meant for
you live
they really like that one yeah like that
just cause it's different than I like it
to its upkeep on this size okay if you
were to give me the present which is
kind of like what you're doing and I
didn't know what's going on which one
would you get okay there's the answer I
would because I just feel like that's
all you you joking let me talk about
hate black it's raining again she was
making fun of me - I know but you
weren't you're very odd I love you
I almost accidentally bought that girl
bike it was funny the lady who's really
awesome she's like you sure you want one
that low I'm like yeah it's kind of like
a BMX bike and she's like you sure it's
gonna pull over it's like kind of a girl
bike
well thanks Debbie not gonna do that now
we were all laughing at you in there we
love you I mean I love you
but you were very you are you rather
they must awkward human being why what
did I do
Jews are like like I was worried about
getting your bikes I'm like I know
nothing about sit on my glutes would you
like it I think it's awesome
okay I think it's awesome thank you
honey
teacher after 4 miles of running we
deserve this I did three and I'm gonna
do another two because in the walk the
dogs
I run another so it's 5:00 and you're
gonna be on 7 go running fiends right
now actually I gotta tell you I don't
he's got over 62 miles this month alone
what sucks is I only have like 15 or 20
which is destroying it
am I really all right I was slightly
wrong you have fifty 7.3 you keep
forgetting to check the peal box because
it's like slightly out of the way what
is it it's the only one that's dark oh
no I shouldn't put that my hands or my
mouth
okay we're number 28 package I feel
incredibly awkward oh come on Jesus okay
this is what happens when I try to vlog
all the time and I shouldn't be doing
this right now and I'm just letting this
role because I can't hit the spot one
and you look so cool right now you're
like the coolest guy homeowners like
check out that jacket man
so cool do you like it we got to show it
to them up close
no oh yeah what is that yeah Turtles
do not torture my dog
why do you want to scare him so bad come
here deeds you scared us cured yeah do
you like it
excuse me dog you know you're not
supposed to be up there
D was your ear d D
