good hello guys I whoa that is a fat cat
is fat oh my goodness I have not seen
kitchen like so long when I will bless
you
ever since I've seen like Nilan bless
you goodness ever since I've seen nyla
and bamboo there's so much slim the
kitchen is a little beefcake that one oh
my goodness you happy girl you happy
girl they're so cute
what you doing why you playin Oh Zoe
everybody missed you so much
hi Zoe anybody meant you Berlin
that's the wall right there yep we
should go there Berlin wall right there
I signed right there I can see it right
there yeah yeah I saw it
nice drumsticks and everything I saw it
that's pretty cool we fix the top of
duty
that's your job guitar right here
actually going outside I'll get on the
fucking roof good morning so apparently
that's where we're trying to stick it I
don't know every we're just pissing off
everyone in Germany like they're all
like you're not gonna fit it's a game
for everybody
jeez Ryan's gonna lose his head again we
got a good like two centimeters right
here we're good yeah I really had such a
blast with Jesse and Jeana and you know
I just wanted to say thank you to them
and you guys should definitely go and
tell them thank you so much go to bf
verse GF and tell them thank you so much
for having me there it was a blast and
they took me to Atlantic City and it was
just so much fun I got to do some stuff
that I've never done before so I thought
that was just really really fun and they
were so cool to share all that time with
me just take me all around to places
that they grew up and it was just really
cool so I really appreciate that
plus it was awesome to get to meet the
cat's finally because I love them I
really was like I was making progress
with nyla she doesn't love me but she
loved me yet well we'll work on it later
but bamboo is awesome hey everybody
missed you too everybody missed you too
look I'm preoccupied mom stick stick
comb yeah
crazy seriously you are so insane crazy
crazy dog big is West Berlin and then
East Berlin's rate day like the wall
which I'll try to walk over there in a
little bit we're trying to find some
food right now it's pretty pretty cool
we didn't get to come here last time
Burgermeister under the bridge guys what
are you under the bridge feels like one
of those smokers changes look at the
airport right now doesn't it shaggy
little puppy so these dogs are just
waiting then on jaywalking turns green
and they go wow there's stray dogs that
is look at it go
Wow that's not creepy at all I need to
go get a lock for Berlin now here is the
Berlin Wall sections of oh oh oh oh whoa
oh oh but wait a minute hey guys hey
guys
you should thumbs up this video give
this video a thumbs up all right so we
were told to try to find the zoo so
we're gonna try to take this train to
this hill so he's trying to get a
reflection that's coming off my phone
get it so oh baby yeah get it so what is
that gigantic like fluff that you have
going on Coco you just get scared my
dogs
I think the girls just ran out of the
house I think Coco is leaning kitchen
was drinking out of the pool like a
dinglehopper then the girls scared the
crap out of them I can't even say how
many time so up text message I can't
even tell you how many times this cat
has fallen in the pool most of my cats
have fallen and my parents fall before
it it's awful but also really funny
silly llama eating a Christmas tree here
a lot Madera lava everywhere a llama
llama dude you get some Christmas tree
hanging out your butt right now
you see the baby elephant he's sleeping
oh I'm so sorry my house is a mess let
me just tidy up so we are at the zoo
here kind of funny like all the animals
are in these little houses because it's
freezing and it's like stop there's a
dead end
stop dead end but yeah they have some
flamingos and they had their own little
house over here casa de phil Mingo and
the freezing cold that was a jerk you
just made a move
that's they're planning their escape
right now he's just like wiping it clean
oh yeah yeah I guess he's making a new
blanket and then this one over here it's
just very introspective that's deceiving
like this was just picking up a bunch of
carrots and there's a pig out smart dude
and that one made a bed up there laid
his hair he's like an 80s rocker right
there look at that dog Bobby honey right
there as a monkey Hey hello mr. giraffe
I see you on airplanes all the time
popping up kind of stock in me aren't
you hello wolf mr. flamingo you need to
bring up the saturation your contrast is
do i hello penguin
goodbye penguin yep which one's Johnny
and bam cheesy jokes his jokes oh no it
finally happened this gigantic toy that
I've been calling chewy is now going to
be gutted by the animals Marley found a
hole while they were playing tug of war
and she ripped it you're such a dick
mark
you broke your sissy's favorite toy oh
yeah in case you're wanting with that
super obnoxious noises I'm doing all of
my laundry since I got back from my trip
and this is a down jacket that has some
tennis balls in there to keep the
finished little feets off so find
annoying banging is in the background so
in case you're wondering what my brother
and I do
we basically sit on my couch and listen
to old videogame music it's pretty
ridiculous we listen to so much game
music last week while I was cleaning we
were listening to Yoshi's Island and now
we're through tetrisphere you guys ever
played Tetris Spears is the Nintendo 64
version of Tetris and it was like the
first 3d imagining of it and it was
awesome mostly because the music was
really good and now Marley's least
favorite moment of the evening bath time
she knows it I turned on the fan heater
for you so it wouldn't be so cold
boo don't make me don't make me she
knows look at they're looking at it okay
ready
come on show you internet how good you
are good so out of all the tour dates
maybe Zurich that might be a tough
contender but I think this is actually
the coldest it's been the entire tour
it's cool but good news is not raining
nice
oh all right this is nerd rocks creation
it's a bat snarf with webbed feet he's
pleased somebody get this tattoo to
Travis so let's just take a little
look-see here what we have I don't free
to like really honestly stop on any one
thing see how many penises you can see
on here we've noticed there's at least
five in every green room I was looking
through and I just found another nerd
rock drawing so I had no idea what it is
about this water but it's the
worst-tasting have you try it you
haven't tried it yet have you try it you
have to try it I know you have to we all
did it
there's something about some coming up
seriously try it if I'm sick tomorrow
well your bull good camaraderie we'll
all be sick oh I was more getting along
when I thought it would be your father
what how are you took that right hey
this is where this hose that's a good
shot all right so I I'm in Berlin but
these guys drove 12 hours because I
posted the wrong tour dates from Poland
oh wait were you you're hiding okay she
came from next door and they came from
Poland so you guys want to say hi
yes
with y'all trippin
worst
with Harry
