good morning Internet that's a pull we
are in kettle was it it's Cologne but
okay I thought we were in yeah
we're in Germany Starbucks priority
number one and then we got to go find an
Apple Store for Travis my phone it was a
little sluggish my phone and I have had
a long battle between each other I'm
working three months and Travis morning
took it from about stay here slave it
down as hard as I could and then
immediate satisfaction followed by
regret
we got applied to screen now because
apparently you know there's no AT&T out
here you get back to the bus will show
you how I'll show it there anyone need a
mattress yeah actually hate goodbyes
thank you for hanging out with the CTFxC
where's my bamboo boo come here you big
monster
they bite of CTFxC
this is me and Gina style get that chain
of because we've been listening it's
like the entire time that I've been
hanging out with the majority and family
and I think this is like our new like
fun songs and it's like our contiki the
sour version of the Contiki song every
we told you guys I'm sure we did because
I'm sure he's saying in the vlogs and we
were on that Contiki trip together with
all this other youtubers it was so fun
every single morning they would play fun
and it was like he got like a little bit
of not just in the beginning but by the
end of it we all loved it so much yeah
we loved it we all screamed it by the
end it was so sad we're like we're like
all crying in the London Eye singing it
together it was great
oh so much fun I can't wait for the next
one of those you guys I'm sure you guys
have heard this new Bruno Mars songs
with Shamu okay but listen I explained I
don't hate Bruno Mars
I don't like particularly love him but
this song is such a like blatant ripoff
of the police and he has like elements
of Michael Jackson and floss with people
which are like that's okay they're a
couple you know they can't paying homage
to like other artists that are really
good and it bothers me just a little bit
but I know that that happens all the
time artists borrow from each other all
the time so like I don't disrespect it
it just makes me like sort of not think
it's the greatest thing ever because
it's already been done alright so we
were walking and there was like a random
cell phone place walked in there I was
like hey that look there's an iPhone 4
in there turned out to be an Apple
repair shop oh you want to show them
this is the back side great yeah nothing
wrong Hulk slam oh boy what I'm thinking
though is that it's just the tap I mean
the sides look phenomenal yeah
phenomenal sides
we told the guy that I got run over so
they're gonna fix it which is cool this
is the actual videophone on the street I
kind of like call alley so this is
another city that I wasn't a part of but
now I am it's all pretty pretty excited
what is what is this or a glance on each
booth the cogs - those dirty we they're
vector so then soon Bruce Willis Peter
Parker starts wit what is this die
hardest or die hard with a vengeance er
be their father soon their song
is that right be there but they're still
there son what's up right what is it
what is it like feed their doctor sewed
their song so what does that translate
to our diehard then
something with diehard a minute
halleluyah halleluyah
I said you're fired
we left our mark it's not okay so this
is what we have to do because they don't
have sweet tea anywhere else in the
world so Travis has to make his own fine
I think I think it'll work spike to use
sugar that's all you got to do dude I
can't even see it now but I was gonna
show you guys a really cool view of Phil
you can kind of see it maybe once the
fridge like it gets a little bit lower
you can dream there you go now you can
kind of see it over the wall
there's Philly this is really cool
such a close view of the city that's
where the Phillies play and that is
where it equals play
we'll check it out it's about making
this is the world's biggest hookah I've
never it's you're 6 foot 1 6 foot 1 8
feet ah that's crazy
I've never seen this many hookahs hookah
cars so small could just do vertical
parking no parallel parking we're gonna
go perpendicular parking there was one
time we had to move a car just like that
just lift it up yeah the bus couldn't go
right so all of us got out of the bus
that was in the UK and we lifted off the
car and put up on the city block by
those it was like raining outside we
didn't move it back whoever came outside
and let's confuse the cars like what
found their car on the sidewalk I have
to show you guys this look at this
shower it's gotta be the creepiest
shower yeah it's so freaky
I like walk by I'm like what happened
here let me see those pepperonis there
you go those are pepperoni it's just
like a tradition apparently you get the
gummi bears all wet and then you throw
the ceiling dry it out right
but we are showing the restaurant you're
talking about Demi Lovato song came on
because we were talking about how she
and Travis have work together we came
from Demi and work together and they
were on tour
and then we came on right after dinner
Novato so funny when hello little Coco
we missed you weakness
oh hi Joey so there's a commune of log
put me the book
well mr. vlog Oh mr. blog you crazy girl
well it is time to leave we are heading
to they can go to Berlin hopefully I'll
be able to find the wall and stuff like
that I really want I didn't get to do a
last time self but I will see us
tomorrow
hope you enjoyed the video there's an
awesome show first time here and Jeremy
playing a show ever like I said I missed
this all the first like the whole time
last time you know what secret phrase
booth the bar that's that's the secret
phrase moving the bar and you have to do
like a little do like like a backslash a
circle Kotler German so he's gonna be a
backslash a little circle and then I'm a
forward slash and all that stuff
give it up for the natives gotta give it
up yeah all right well my camera is
literally dying right now but I will see
you guys later
that is the secret phrase and all right
yeah I guess all right guys I finally
made it back home and the girlies are
over there I'm Harley right they can
barely see her they're both passed out
there so so sweet I've been spending
time with them we've been watching some
of our favorite TV shows and catching up
a little bit
wow I sound like a crazy person anyway
I missed the girls so so much and
Charles is really happy too because now
I get to send pictures of them to him
because he missed it so much I usually
film little clips throughout the day and
send stuff to him but I didn't get a
chance to because I was away I love you
guys thank you so much for watching
today's video
see you tomorrow good night
wait
yes
with y'all trippin
with trippy
Zoe
