hey guys I just woke up we are in
Atlantic City at our hotel and I was
getting ready to go downstairs and get
some food and I realized that I didn't
bring pants might be wearing a monkey
onesie today good morning Internet I am
in Paris powdery thing my parents have
eaten believe me I am trying to find a
subway or a metro and go to the
catacombs
apparently they opened two days ago
perfect timing
this is the underground like skull like
bubonic plague I think I don't know
don't know anything about it just know
it's creepy everyone's all sleeping and
being lazy so you don't like you know
what I want to go and see some skulls
and crossbones deep underground Paris by
myself
seems like a great idea what can go
wrong well step one behind the metro
check I'm actually doing this step to
get a chicken alright fork in the road
either one of those are the ones I need
50 50 50
forty-two well I guess that's a fail as
you can tell I'm no longer underground
Garrett went to completely the wrong way
last night while we were here at the
casino I tried my hand at some blackjack
and silhouette and Jessi went with me to
try and give me some advice and I
basically pissed off the entire
blackjack table by like not doing what
the book says to do like I didn't like
hit or say when I was supposed to but
just cuz I'm stubborn but it wasn't
sterile I ended up losing and so I'm
gonna do with any other irresponsible
person who likes to gamble does and go
gamble some more I guess it's one of
those adventures I mean I would never
see the city or wherever the heck I am
town normally this better be it all
right Bruce Willis let's try this again
oh thank god I found it but there's a
line all right looks like we're doing
this like a hundred and thirty steps
straight down
wait do you think I can get Wi-Fi in
here what's this okay that's not freaky
at all okay keep moving so for about
five minutes I was literally the only
person in here everyone was reading
stuff and I got freaked out so I went
and I found some people I've just got a
trail like this imagine with no lights
lately just let me just turn this off
yeah that's what it would be like this
kind of feels it's sort of like
something fake I get Disneyworld but
this is like legit this is hundreds of
feet under Paris right now and I think
I'm by myself again awesome
Slenderman better not come out today for
any other boogey man so we're taking a
little cruise around the strip of the AC
because we decided to keep our bus
inside because it was cold so we just
stayed up a hotel that we were at but
we're gonna drive down so I can show you
guys all the pretty lights at night I
think it's gonna look really cool
casinos tones lights and cool shit that
I bet that they're reflective this is
cool prostitutes and kids got some
hookers got some fountains these are
cool
do you guys know what that is snowflakes
oh my gosh guys I'm freaking out woah
Ali would love this so cool oh okay well
found this these are all bones these are
all freaking bones that is so crazy
this is unbelievable these are all like
the legs just bits and pieces as a skull
it's broken more skulls more okay so I
seriously need to figure out why there's
only bones everywhere this is crazy it's
almost like art if you can't look out
it's like spaced out
it's almost artistic which is really
more of it to say it's really honestly
never-ending it's just this entire row
alright maybe somebody in the comments
what does plus all this mean this is
like a cemetery we go really morbid one
is this like when the plague happened oh
my god it goes all the way back see some
of them were facing the other way I
wonder why that's like that like
sometimes they face face out like this
and then sometimes I face in well this
design it's like an arch well if you
guys can see it it's an arch and is that
whoa I thought it was gonna end this has
no end in sight just more and more bones
does anyone do any of you guys know what
the heck like why this is like this okay
I've seen enough bones
I don't see something else that's not so
freaky this is better than any haunted
house you could possibly ever go to now
just imagine if they did like a haunted
house in here it looks so awesome okay
so we go from really high up there like
that so awesome I can't what do you guys
think about this might be a little bit
late in the year to still have this crap
up maybe no dang that's a hot mess yeah
what do you get chicken cheesesteak
sighs yes what we get wherever look at
this do you say there's a really cool
trick yeah there's this cool chugging
you since you're not from where it's
cold you got a lick a pole I'm not a
complete moron I'll do it watch oh my
gosh this is so awesome this is so great
I love it snow
so what do you guys think this is pretty
awesome or what you guys happy I went I
really wanted to go last time but
apparently the air conditioning wasn't
working at the exhaust or whatever I can
I can imagine this being extremely hot
it's scary all right so hands down one
of the most interesting things I've done
in a very very long time that was cool
that was cool literally the best timing
ever is 4:52 sound checks at 5 there's
the bus didn't get lost once
well no got last once all the way back
think you lost once a little bit nerd
rock put on my pedal faggot ball come on
now you gonna play some baguette ball do
it
got approached my shoulders off I have
videos shotgunning beers it's a very
very random I know it's a Jedi Master
Super Bowl all right guys well we have
to leave Paris but we are we found
apparently there's a Super Bowl party
here in Paris it's going to be awesome
that we'll see you guys tomorrow good
night I get close like secret phrase no
no what Aly you come up with a Z phrase
the secret phrase is there is no secret
phrase that's the secret I had to film
the cutest thing I think I've ever seen
a cat deal I haven't spent a lot of time
around cats but I've seen some cats do
some pretty cute stuff but this might
top it all thing whenever nyla is laying
with Jessie actual I think she does it
with dreams does she do with you too
sometimes yes yeah
really every single time we try that's
like a thing with animals if you turn
the camera on they start doing
yeah she's leaving anyway it was really
cute I can't really describe it in a way
that's not graphic and weird but she
basically like sucks on his fingertips
and it's so cute because she holds onto
his hand if you guys go over to be F
first gf you'll see it it's like the
cutest thing ever she does it all the
time in their videos but it is oh and I
just stepped on the other cat this is
why I don't have cats they're just so
adorable they're like the best cats ever
I'm so sad that I'm leaving I mean I
like you guys too but I really like your
cats
man I'm gonna miss you
CG effects things gonna miss you isn't
your father know that yeah be nice to
each other
be nice I was like I will kill you
alright guys we'll see you tomorrow love
you good night oh good night bamboo yep
no bouquet yep you're stepping on my
computer no big deal good night guys
we'll see you tomorrow good bye
mm bye guys good night
see what he did
worse yet sexy
which are tripping
with trippy an alley
