Oh get him Marley can I get him
good morning guys we are in I think
we're still in Europe I don't know I
think we're still in Europe yes Belgian
this hall oh my god they might have the
Belgian waffles chocolate chocolate
waffles mayonnaise I keep wanting to go
on the other side of the bus it's so
funny so funny trival still not used to
coach still not used to it you're not
gonna do it now now you're gonna fight
yeah right now could you help me now it
sounded really painful yeah baby now
here's some cute that's crazy there's a
field of bunnies it's coming for you
watch they're like vicious bunny rabbits
like in monty python and the holy grail
that's not weird it's pretty awful too
bunny i'm gonna die oh no it's snowing
it's snowing Brian oh it's like honey he
gets hail it's hailing right now look at
that that is awesome they look like the
inside of a feed bag like a bunch of
bean bags is exploded everywhere they do
look boss
Wow for the sake of argument we're here
and we need to be here but I don't know
if that's true that's not we're right
we're in hoboken new jersey we need to
get to Belgium okay thirsty nail so
pretty so today we decided to get up and
go and get manicures and pedicures
because we're going to atlantic city
tonight and while look fabulous and I
was sitting down when he fails to dry
reading through a Teen Vogue and you
guys remember a while ago when I tweeted
about the chubby stick and I thought it
was the dumbest name for a woman's lip
product ever check it out there's no one
called chubby stick intense can you're
not it's so ridiculous Cooper who's that
no one oh my god now they have chubby
stick for eyes you can get chubby stick
all up in your face anywhere you can
think of what you know what's cold when
you're in a car and your you can see
your breath you guys can't see it but my
breath is visible in the car I need it
yet okay yeah so cold so I think this is
downtown I'm not really sure he's got
took one of those little trolley
thingies just got off here so
cool-looking it's a gorgeous building
beautiful building their kids off yeah
so let's go do something else you know
it had to get some energy yeah this is a
one beautiful beautiful city right here
oh I actually forgot to tell you guys
today there's going to be a little set a
special surprise that's gonna actually
happen on stage want to tell you guys
what it is until it actually happens but
just get ready for a little bit down the
road in this vlog something exciting
will happen in this vlog on stage today
and Antwerp in Belgium any guesses you
guys wanna play a guessing game tell
tell me in the comments wait what do you
think it might be what possibly what
cool thing could it be those pitches
really like the McDonald's I really like
pigeons exhumed it on her face look at
the clever graffiti artist
we say long
it's funny every time here it's just
kind of forget how cool it is there's
more dancing I don't know what I think
today's some sort of like festive or
something like that or they're just
dancing to stay warm belgium is actually
known for their
thank you their dance crews and waffles
and diamonds and pancakes and pancakes
like everywhere close Simon Simon what
are you to get the chocolate one wake
know you want cream on pressure and all
of us to do oh my god i have a child
coming up to everybody had to I had to
last time we were here we stayed at the
hotel in Belgium there's no food and
this is what the guy at the front desk
gave me I don't know if you guys
remember I don't remember what day it
was but I've been craving them for a
year
I don't know if you're gonna be able to
see I will try to show you but it's like
really coming down right now um well
okay wait we're gonna get in the car oh
damn jon hamm know we all hamburgers on
we got the spoon to stop cuz we need
some food in our bellies before we get
our work on we're eating chicken going
ham we're not even beef today we got
shit eat chicken go slam we got chickie
chickie pom-pom and I have some steamed
broccoli cuz you know it just have to be
a little bit healthy before I go and get
hammered I'll sorry buddy no ma so this
looks really good actually but the fries
are looking real sad look how pretty the
corner wearing a new dress that I just
got and I'm very excited about it so
Gina help me pick out this dress and I
really like it and so we did all our
girly stuff today and Jesse's downstairs
waiting for us as usual so we're going
to go down there now and I'm really
excited clean never been to Atlantic
City so it's going great
yeah Nessus yarmulke very patriotic they
put beanies up I don't wear babies just
too motherfucking here so Danny starting
to see a trend and all these stores at
denim and camo are pretty much coming
back right now and it was just take a
little walk over here we see denim camp
caramel Danny can't you take God so
embarrassing little puppy that's a big
ol bear take it back my kitchen we're
trying to get a picture with the bear so
we finally got a picture with the bear
you want to see them here they are
yeah it was a little scarier don't make
fun of
round two round two men in Belgium eat a
waffle or four I think we're from London
I guess it works yeah we had to go for
round two don't judge us you know would
be really really really awesome one day
we should just do like a gorilla show
just on top of like I don't know like a
roof random roof dressed as guerrillas a
gorilla show dresses gorillas on a roof
the Super Bowl is tomorrow and look at
this well constructed a little graph
that Travis SAT here and made you know
it'd be perfect if you were to be
betting but of course we shouldn't be
doing that so I mean it would just be a
perfect thing if we were to bet we're
talking about we got we got tons of cash
I have constructed a board you can
actually find it on Instagram it's blank
if you want to do your own board with
your friends you don't have to use money
but you can use Cheetos cheez-it
monopoly monopoly money who do you guys
want to win the Ravens or the 49ers tell
me in the comments tell me oh this is
this is what we got going actually more
importantly who do you thinks gonna win
on this game out of us versus the
football game so we're midway through
the set and I just have to say belgium
I'm sorry we haven't come sooner that
shit this is like really so much fun so
much swag banjo Oh where's the cat begin
in the sweat buddy ray crap do so good
so good Belgium you're rocking right now
this is my room
today's our sixth anniversary I always
always
it was an awesome show Belgium is
awesome this is the first time I've
actually ever been here and the people
were great the architecture the
surrounding areas the downtown was so
cool today's secret phrase is congrats
to ruben and maureen for getting engaged
that is awesome congratulations you two
was so cool to be a part of it I will
see you guys tomorrow yeah
it's coming up we wait
hey where's the theater
giddy with trust raphy
CTFxC
where's with chakra p an early
