like good nyla Koko does that too
drinking out of this bank every time she
comes into the bathroom when I'm in here
I'm like I know what you want so I'm
trying to get on her good side you're so
goofy
morning guys we are in Eindhoven sorry I
had to look that out okay I went the
wrong way
a lot of discos we woke up I told you
her and Eindhoven this is the place that
I don't think I know it
no I couldn't I couldn't come here cuz
it was what I was still not allowed to
fly however there is this Cathedral I
woke up and Brian told me I really need
to go check it out because apparently
there's like a mini glass you see it
yeah is that right there
oh my god you're right shit and
apparently yep oh my god it's a real
there's his bones everywhere yeah you
can tell it's totally a baby do you
remember that place where we're in love
with of Nashville and there's that tiny
little hole in that bar that had this oh
here's another one dude there's more do
you guys know the history of these guys
to be a tourist trap no we're all
getting bundled up to go back to Verona
Philly and we're going to hang out at
where you know I'm gonna tell me it's
pushing ass that means I have the time
to fire no no fire fire underground some
all you put you stick away this is funny
actually I talk about this because we
used to do this with Zooey and Marley
when they were younger and we wanted to
watch them cuz we knew Marley was
sneaking on the table and getting all
the food they set up their laptop and
they leave it open and they stream it
down and they can look at the feed on
their phones they can check on the cats
while we're away it's so cute we used to
do that with Zoey Marley all the time
hi Mimi CTFxC she is so cute her eyes
are awesome so this is what I was gonna
say we are gonna have are you ready for
this Jessie we're gonna have a scream
contest I'm gonna try to scream like a
guy you have to try to scream like a
girl
okay go do it a girl yeah
oh she freaked out you're right as the
girls scream Oh em god you guys so hi
guys oh yeah I think you're gonna you're
gonna need those
that's all the fun at least zero times
by the pirate go to the movies this is
rated pg-13 are would you like to go get
a mac anyone gonna give a mac this is
the exact same place we were last night
I bet you I bet you our driver literally
just drove around the circle's
I thought he literally drove for hours
but it looks like you just want to round
the corner to another venue really
pumped because this is one of the dates
I couldn't I couldn't make it to and
this I think this day is like maybe like
four four or five people literally from
selling out so I'm incredibly pumped up
right now oh my god this is like my
favorite store let's go buy some stuff
just found a pair of super cute shoes
and I'm trying
on these two man that's a really cute
scarf - you're being a bad influence
I didn't do it please we are here
finally
let's see what happens when I do guys
I'm having a little bit of a problem oh
so this is Broad Street and everything
is lit up and it looks so cool I'm so
sorry that the camera shaking I
literally cannot hold still that's City
Hall yep so pretty
that is gorgeous oh my gosh and didn't
you think that they weren't supposed to
build anybody taller than William Penn
but then they should so cool City Hall
y'all get up all the people that Sydney
streets oh my god okay let me explain
what this is that back there is
raspberry and these are churros and you
have a miniature milkshake chocolate
ganache ice cream and a little cake
you have to Max Brenner it is like the
greatest thing there you go honey I know
you're obsessed with your most polar
bears dopey cow Susan Bullock Smurfs I
sent up to him I like this light a nice
working light the opposite of the red
light so nerd rock has suspended Cola
from using his Gretch because he keeps
bleeding on it
Jesus like I feel like every other show
my colleague would you punch in the face
there's something of that me in this
guitar at each other but sometimes you
don't see eye to eye it just looks cool
a maker when I come Rick Warren around
so nerd rock is suspended Kohli alright
so this is what every venue needs
attached to it just a straight-up gym
it's awesome I see the transformation
look like a character
we should all do mustaches this whole
tour there is apparently a live camera
for Abbey Road and a girl I think her
name is like Tim camp or something like
that she went through all the archives
and found when we were actually doing it
so I'm gonna have Hali cut to it right
now and you guys can see this it's kind
of funny because it's like this like
live web camera of the entire thing so
this is us different angles of Abbey
Road
pretty crazy right the camera I don't
know I thought I wanted to show you guys
so if you want to see the whole thing
you'll be on the trippy channel the
iPhone channel so yeah it's hard to do
Rosetta so let me try
what does it even mean hey did you have
a fun time daddy a great time you have a
fun time trial I had a great time drag
huh huh huh right did you have a great
time no there we go it's got a bleed no
no not gonna bleep it alright just want
to say good night guys
all right everybody it's about time for
me to hit the hay I'm going to be
uploading a cinema video I hope I'm
gonna try to get it done we have been
goofing around for like the last half an
hour we just we just figured out how to
do this like insane stunt so if you want
to go and see us do it it's actually on
Jesse and Gina's channel it's on verse
GF and it's hysterical I actually we do
like the little hallway you know what
I'm not even gonna tell you you have to
go watch it it's hysterical so you
should definitely go and check that out
it was insane Ali's a beast I can't
believe we did it it was so great anyway
so yeah go check that out it's at their
vlog for today same day what what's she
doing yeah oh she's wrong you are gonna
sneak alright guys we'll see you
tomorrow I think this was the most
sporadic end to any vlog ever whatever
you know what that's life bye guys love
you honey tonight
waiter
yes
giddy with y'all trippin
with Gianelli don't forget tomorrow
