good morning guys we are in a ferry to
Amsterdam Neverland
okay what's in there we can go outside
all right doc you can't leave everyone's
Wiggly silver but we're all just like
whoa come on get those sea legs yeah you
look like amateurs yeah Oh trav let me
see it obviously it did amazing you can
have everyone home baby
you must find that funny
Paul's winning how much 30 pounds Danny
guy Kinect for though so that's a win so
that's a win
good hello CTFxC we are on our way I was
gonna curse but I didn't want to make
you have to believe it do it I'm gonna
bleep it
fuck shit fuck shit now you do it for
thought so yeah we are going to New York
and I'm very excited because hey I Love
New York
and B I think I'm going to get to meet
up with hopefully Wyatt and with Ray
because we haven't seen each other in a
while and I totally miss those guys you
guys the total investment of guys I
think we're gonna go and grab some lunch
and I'm gonna freeze my butt off in the
city because even though you're gonna
make fun of me if it's not that cold
it's cold for me okay what do you got
there Cooley I got some change to go fix
oh yeah I won't accept Fat City but
accident has no value what does that
even mean nothing didn't even light up
you think you would wanna go it not and
see you know that's the mistake right
there you don't go for the center ball
right here no just kidding everyone like
in the interests like no I'll give it to
the board
I'll give it to champion that was good
that was good
reenact what done percent of us do it is
there the fall can we do the fall yeah
slide it over oh that's so satisfying
round two oh no come on rock to round
two to me
oh wait no we're not gonna even show it
no I was good all right who's got the an
e all right let's get back on this bus a
train
like I said cold to me probably not to
you guys but I'm treating
I guess don't know because you look
sleep I'm so tired
look where we are well actually I'm not
technically supposed to be here it's for
them and it's pretty cool who cares
look who I it's a little bit chilly
outside
well we must be in Holland so many bikes
Danny just put this tray down what do
you guys see right here it's a stain
that's perfect
a perfect bird think some kids still
this great well we made it we are at
Amsterdam Central what was the 30-minute
drive or train ride turned into an hour
then turns to
over here we're here every walk to walk
yeah that's a green light this is about
what - oh they do if when we were living
in Spain it was like all walk to walk
Ali was a big obsessed man I forgot how
cool the architecture here I can't
believe it's been a year since a lot
what uh what do you think they are sell
here or their pastries Lauren that cream
egg cream please lots of cookies
brownies pastries everything what do you
think they sell there hey honey
jealous jealous walk the walk walk the
walk you guys remember the giant Ferris
wheel that's where it was last time we
shot all those bows and arrows and all
that fun stuff right here I don't know
if you guys can read that that's an
orange and I just read that so we just
went down one of the red-light districts
and I learned my lesson from last time
if you guys don't remember I got yelled
at by so many people I thought I was
gonna lose my camera and get my like
complete ass kicked so I didn't film
anything this time so if you want to
watch it watch the last time we were
there look in the comments I'm sure
somebody could tell me what day it was
that we were here last time on tour just
watch that one and you can see where
they were yelling at me I'm doing it
this time learn my lesson learned my
lesson we are at new world stage at
stage three and there's a gigantic wall
and Gina is about to write PvP on the
wall somewhere because she's just got a
sharpie on her that's just what an
awesome person does they just carry a
sharpie or hey give me that sure how
it's done I'm also really excited
because there's a gigantic mirror here I
want this in my house awesome I don't
want to sign over anybody important
where can I find a place okay here we go
right here
there we go so now see Jeff XP and PBP
is on the wall at the New World Stages
you guys have to come find it it's
pretty awesome stage 3 come find it
anybody ever seen the inside of an
escalator that's what it looks like
that's gonna go on the train
back and earn things like my song
like much
what do you do I wanna do something
please okay just some crazy there's
something completely crazy oh my god did
you see that oh my god I'm such a
peaceful city though it's very very calm
then you see the red here see the red
there right there such a unique place
just such a unique place anyone lose
their horse anyone so right now I'm kind
of having a mini crisis because we have
no Wi-Fi so I assembled the greatest
Wi-Fi crew possible right now that's
some honorees over here Zak and Bri
we're trying to find Wi-Fi so I can make
sure I can get this vlog basically so I
can make sure this is up right now so
you're listening tip if you're not
listening to this this doesn't exist I'm
just talking to a camera and that's just
awkward
so we just kind of found a diamond in
the rough right now they only take cash
so I have to go get some cash right now
what like seriously it's so important
that we don't miss a day you don't I
mean like you've been doing these for so
long and I I don't care if I have to
walk for miles I will make sure we don't
miss a day but luckily we found this
awesome little bar like I almost just
wiped out hello my going I need to try
to find some yeah he's yelling at me
yeah anyway I just wanted to say good
night guys thank you so much for
watching the video hope you guys are
having fun just wanted to say good night
from Holland something I never thought I
would be able to say and uh thanks to
you guys it's actually possible I'll see
you guys tomorrow good night hey are you
gonna help me edit that cutie-patootie
thank you guys so much for watching
today's video I hope you guys enjoyed it
I didn't get to film a whole lot of us
being outside because we weren't outside
a whole lot because the wind was insane
today in the city but I'm gonna go and
play with a little Bambino cuz he's so
friggin cute over there he's just
begging to be played with alright
everybody thank you guys again for
watching be sure to subscribe if you
haven't already and Charles I love you
and I miss you I hope you're having fun
and staying warm
alright love you guys see you tomorrow
wait
worse yet
with trippy
Harry don't forget to
