good morning Internet we're in London
counted yeah
count it what a strange arena kind of
reminds me of thousands back
London Bridge so right now we are on our
way to Philly and Gina and I are going
out a little dates for going to dinner
girls night I'm so sorry that I didn't
film earlier I was editing a bunch of
videos I had to do the vlog I had to do
my video so today is gonna be a lot of
Charles I feel like yesterday was mostly
me today's gonna be mostly Charles but
we're going on a lovely dinner date and
Jesse is really jealous because he wants
to go he's going to the game so we're
gonna have a girls night so if you guys
didn't get the chance to see the video
actually that I posted I posted it
yesterday on my channel it is just a
video about how to make a really simple
recipe for candy it is we could make it
while I'm here actually I think we
should totally do that it's so easy and
if you guys are looking for some like a
simple treat it's something you could
make like for Valentine's Day even for
your family or something it's delicious
and really easy it literally takes ten
minutes and then you just stick it in
the fridge to cool so you should
definitely go check out that video if
you're looking for something fun to do
for Valentine's thought it was so fast
fast right buildings falling backwards
here's today's deja vu do you guys
remember this taking all this stuff I
remember this this is what alley was
here and we were making her care we're
about to do the touristy thing and
finally go to Abbey Road we're gonna try
to get a photo and here's the thing is
we got to figure out where to go I've
been looking forward to this it's his
last time we didn't have enough time so
hopefully we'll get to get won't
actually make there in time do you
remember this guys we were here a long
time ago this is where Charles and I
took pictures out in front of it when we
came here and saw the Liberty Bell with
them when we were here for just a little
while we got to do like a couple
historical things but I'm pretty sure
that is actually where the Declaration
of Independence was signed which is so
cool that's like the coolest thing I've
ever heard I want to go in there so
badly I love all kinds of historical
stuff like that because I feel like yeah
in Philly I feel like there's a lot
probably I feel like a lot of obviously
in New England there's a ton because
this is where people first started
colonizing in the United States and I
feel like in the south we just have
remnants of really embarrassing stuff
like slavery and plantation owners and
stuff like that so you know things that
we don't really I mean we it's a it's a
part of our history so it's important to
like remember that but I mean it's just
it's not really like a very charming
historical element so I think it's
really cool to be up in New England and
see stuff like that it's pretty awesome
look at your table is lighting up
okay so and I've been against the Korean
barbecue I think
this is one of the most beautiful
desserts I think I've ever seen I had to
show you guys and look at here is so
pretty
really delicious yell you're at a really
good place
yeah you know we really didn't like it
that much it was okay but it wasn't very
good I think we might have gone a little
crazy
that's really nicely messing with my
eyes it's cool
so hey here's something really tough mr.
say the words so fuck and King fast
let's do it right now with your parents
right next you reserved from the 20s
it's like on every airplane thing where
they say like all the devices you can't
have and they always show like a Walkman
or just like a boom box count it
there's the Sun so you know all those
stories about Apple Maps getting people
lost or tell you the wrong direction
Steve Jobs rolling his graves right now
his graves here's multiple if you didn't
know okay so Jada has a pretty funny
rendition of threat shot so we really
love that song we've been rocking out to
it for a while but we are taking a
cruise down South Street right now and
we were here a long time ago actually we
went to like that really cool pizza
place what did Lorenzo's the gone now it
burnt down it burnt down I did not know
that that's what happened that sucks
delicious and jeana's here and we are
having a good time she's being
responsible she's driving us she's not
drinking I am the one that's getting
hammered so Gina's being a good friend
and she took me out to a bar so I could
have this gigantic thing and she's my
babysitter so this is really cool
because a long time ago
a viewer actually sent us a recipe book
by Max Brenner it's like called
chocolate by the bald man or something
like that and this is actually the place
that is the main restaurant the guy what
do you guys Swiper no swiping
my goodness that looks so good what did
you get you got a salsa camera and I got
a Swiss whip look at it it looks like
this delicious taco it's not served in
like a mug but it is hot chocolate it's
served in Roman glass but look at this
job the straw is metallic yeah it's so
awesome
famous Abbey Road Studios where the
Beatles did multiple I think multiple
right they didn't just do that B Road CD
were multiple yeah and there's a famous
crosswalk I think the beetle was right
there
you guys remember well that's that's it
right there the beetle stood there
develop quicker chickens chickens no I
don't think so this is the biggest
cluster ever but we got a photo so Ali
here I'll show him the photo
real-life Instagram oh holy bananas nyla
you're a hot dog how do you feel about
that can you talk to us about it you
talk to us Allah oh my god you hate me
so hard right now show me your moves
does your milkshake bring all the boys
to the yard you look sexual yes Rufus
feet look you see she's got roots
we're both dressed up we're immaculate
she loves monkeys you look beautiful
right now can I just tell you that I
never thought I'd see a cat dog in my
life and now here you are it's like
you're like the unicorn of art of our
day and age hot dog get a hot dog kid
hi Bambi look he has a beard you are the
cutest little man that ever walked the
planet did you know that this is my
little baby oh okay you go down hey Nene
yeah it's a baby girl do you think it is
I don't I don't know yeah it's a
swingset
yeah it's free toy inside oh look at
that thank you to Ryan for finding the
last one in the entire UK there we go
now I have an excuse to get a base while
out here it's a loud alley it's a loud
way Ryan lame Ryan so we were
to Abbey Road right and on this day
January 31 1969 of the Beatles flash
show the other was the other one you
said alright guys well we are leaving
London and Cole and I basically raided
the greenroom I don't even know what we
have right now the Gouda is very
important you wouldn't break for the
Gouda so we're heading out we have a day
off we're going to Amsterdam I think
tomorrow and I think everyone's over
there this coach right there working
getting ready to drive us somewhere and
there's everyone right there
so we will see you guys later have a
great night I guess
say love you daddy love you mommy
merci
with children
we're
see
with Gianelli don't forget
