do you know what's going on good morning
oh it's so early
oh it's way too early for Marley to be
attacking Zoey morning to go to the PvP
house and I am so excited yeah you guys
showing off hey looking for teddy bears
yet those guys coming back
hey buddy
ahem
this is the day this is the day job good
for today is it here and then it's right
here call it D job movie today
what happened calling you know what me
the G never get along your Jesus ring I
don't know if you guys remember
Birmingham but now it's all slowly
coming back again remember we were
walking here right and alley it was that
I think was alley and I we were just
trying to get back to the venue and we
got so lost I totally remember this oh
look what I found
oh my gosh I want that bass so bad right
now I had to walk out I had to walk out
so fast otherwise I was gonna be
bringing another bass I just got to
Philly and Jesse and Jeana picked me up
and I am so happy to be here and
surprisingly the weather is not that
cold I thought it was gonna be freezing
but I think it's like 46 or something
right now so I'm doing okay it's
actually phrenic is when I was flying
over I was above the clouds and the sky
was blue but then when I landed it was
really overcast
I am so giddy cats I think that nyle is
probably gonna hate me
Oh honestly most cats hate me so I'm not
gonna be surprised if she doesn't like
me but I'm trying to let them like come
out on their own
hey that's nice oh my gosh I'm so happy
that you're saying hi to me I would love
to get her hissing at me on camera that
would be hysterical yeah I knew she
would love my stinky feet that's why
we're friends cuz I'm smelly she
understood get it bamboo bamboo yeah
look at this stinkiest feet on YouTube
okay I win the award guys
I they do it's so funny cuz I took my
shoes off when I came in their house and
I'm like oh god my feet are gonna smell
and I told them they're like your feet
don't smell and the first thing the cats
both do is come and rub all over my feet
and shoes cuz they stink cat rasslin
baby oh they are so dude he's crazy
bamboo like tackles like full-contact
it's body slams nylon every single time
their mouth is open oh it looks like it
hurts so much
no I think they're but also they're like
not hissing at all you know what I mean
like when cats get mad and they like do
that like arch back thing and they get
all mad they seem to be really just
playing but now I know why they call it
a cat fight because that is ugly
look it's Odin Odion
from Archer okay it was that's close
these were all the trolls you know all
the trolls under the bridge it's where
they play this is actually the party
central patrols you guys did not know
that at a party yesterday a little gala
if you will you know chose to have they
gonna fun to inter bridges Oh
vivid I got so lost he turned around I
was on my way to get a coffee and look
I'm right back to where I started
somehow I have I have no idea sandwich
no one so we're trying to plan a trip
we're gonna go to Atlantic City and
jesse is on the phone like a hotel
representative and he just told the lady
that her name is Gina Bovina and she's
like no her name's really Ali trippy he
said Ali trippy and then Gina Mabini
and Gina told him to say I want to film
doing it I hope he does it you might not
could you repeat back um some more
information like the guests that are
staying with me that's what I make sure
their news that's great
all right yes you have the rents because
I want a mission when they show they'll
get their cards - all right all right I
love you all right love you too 30
seconds of my life when she said Gina
Boveda shit on the background make it a
heart like Tommy love it oh my god okay
we're playing with the the we yo and
Gina's a zombie and it's so scary
Louise be on there change it to the
different one oh it's gross it's you
funny I don't watch the person maybe you
want to go it's evil
Jesse never plays a gigantic prize
machine
skeeball it's like the most classic
thing give a okay we'll play basketball
neck see that's the old school game
wager what losers got to do something
oh wait but the losers got work that's
who the ball
in flower Oh No you lost a bet you have
a reason I don't know
all right she's gonna think about it
challenge to go on a challenge they're
both gonna have to wear the back seat
now let's just we'll see we'll see
I gotta concentrate we are gonna race
Jeana you're going down this is about to
be the funniest thing you're gonna see
in today's vlog narrative
oh my god
what are you supposed to do
laughs Nando's favorite favorite hundo
tell me in the comments if you guys
remember we walking into this little
section once same venue I remember just
like kind of stumbling into here this
case right here this is the Warped Tour
the red base case go to the merchant for
coming to the Matt London show go to the
merch stay we're gonna be trying to
either like raffle it off for like a
dollar two or something like that and
then you guys can have this case it's
still a functioning base case Fender
bass case but we're all gonna sign it
and stuff like that but it's only for
London you know I'd rather to go to what
are you guys for a nice case and stuff
like that and I thought it'd be kind of
cool for a CTFxC er to have it so make
sure you go to merge table in London now
make you mushrooms just business coli's
favorite snack just cheese don't judge
me he's a mouse yeah it's like like that
you see for commercial Ally I need to
see this
Valley okay cut the alley right now an
alley you teach how to moonwalk there we
go look at me I'm Danny I'm Danny I can
moonwalk oh dang if we decided to go to
a place that makes their own pasta it's
who made us they got giethoorn AZ vodka
you guys wanna know what I mean right
now I'd like to know what I'm having
that is a bread pudding made up of
Krispy Kreme doughnut pieces he's too
cute he is so sweet I'm gonna steal him
all right guys I'm gonna say can I to
you for today I am so excited to be here
with PvP don't brush they said son but
tomorrow we're gonna go do some girly
stuff because I think Jessie is gonna be
going to a game so we are gonna hang out
and we're going to take you guys with us
the last couple shows have been so
amazing so many people have been coming
out and there's so many CTFxC errs CTFxC
r--'s and a new thing that I've been
noticing too
it's people holding up signs same Wi-Fi
boys or the new thing I've been seeing
is a Wi-Fi logo which is hilariously
awesome so yeah I just wanted to say
thank you guys and I will see you guys
later
I gotta get on the bus so I get to go to
London hopefully I'm hoping that we can
go to like Abbey Road or do something
that we haven't done while over there
because I've never done it and it would
be pretty awesome I will see you guys
tomorrow
honey a Holies away my lair awesome
Lauren I'm sure is watching them say hi
that Jessie genome to me
worse yet sexy
giddy with child tripping
would be an ally don't forget
