good morning guys as you can see we're
here in Scotland and it's portrait we're
a little homesick
a little homesick right now we go just
walk by I want to you would the American
Embassy weird the other way no what
they're twice yesterday I saw that
everyone's freaking out right now
it is pouring rain up there's a random
dude with chicken our a little tiny dog
all right let's look I'm braking getting
Starbucks it's place called the garage I
don't think we were here last time I
think we play somewhere different but
I'm gonna kind of try to do the same
thing I've been doing last couple days
she's gonna walk around see if I can
recognize anything let's just take a
little detour here hmm I decided to make
myself a cup of tea a long time ago I
don't think I've ever told this story
before somehow in all the blog days I've
never mentioned this before but whenever
I used to drive down to Tampa to see
Charles when I lived in Tallahassee when
I was going to school when we first
started dating every single morning when
I had to wake up at like 5 a.m. and
drive back for us we wanted to stay
together as long as possible so I
wouldn't leave until Monday morning at
5:00 a.m. in order to make it in time
for my 10:00 a.m. class because I was an
insane person so every single morning he
would wake up with me and he would make
me a cup of tea so that I would stay
awake on the road it was like the
sweetest thing ever it was really really
cute so I missed him and I thought about
it you know making myself some tea yeah
I know this is the kind of silly thing
to be happy about but not if you have a
pole when you have to clean it every day
I'm so glad the pool is finally getting
back in shape it's not a hundred percent
yet but it is almost there
ever since you were a kid all you wanted
was a pool in your house but then when
you grow up and you have to take care of
it it's like the bane of your existence
Danny's been waiting thing is I haven't
learned how to do it like a d-bag
it's gonna be a be back no matter what
you do it was to see still segment D
negative day
yeah the world's smallest a mr.
chocolate lab you're Scottish
Danny get the red ball get the road we
were walking back we just saw this
awesome toy store kind of like that
magic shop in Australia you guys
remember that one oh my god I remember
this used to love these things slowly do
we need to get you a bigger keyboard now
the cases would just you make a trap
this is where we plan weird they leave
it behind
if you see this on the stage now Charles
didn't know this song and we're teaching
young grasshopper about the electronic
music world's we're gonna try to cover
you guys hear this before anybody and
try to cover Swedish House Mafia don't
you worry child and you're maybe if we
do it well at sound check
maybe we'll get it to war and bird then
we'll just call it our own song oh by
the way yes the honey bear is feeling
better
not much better oh we're a bunch of
happy frigging puppies and slash people
rise oh why are we so happy are we going
to the beach
we're going to the puppy beach and it's
going to be so fun
you ready you actually kind of run it
back this time
that's that step in the right direction
right reach in here oh so cute Marley's
over there being sourpuss look at that
dog she is pissed at me right now I
tried to put her in the water
she's so mad that's one thing that I
found she is awesome
see that so cool it's like a digging
machine look at his little eyes Marley's
totally passing out I looked over and
she just started closing her eyes and
slowly lowering your head but I think
when I said her name she will crack up
huh yep she knows we're talking about
her what'd you find what'd you find
what's in there you dig in don't go
digging no more digging
so more digging cuz you're kicking it
all on mommy all right you guys look
about ready I'm gonna go home oh oh are
you ready to go home
are you ready to go home oh yeah okay so
here's another little tongue twister
we're waking up right now 1,000th since
the system I just purchased my 1,000th
synthesizer oh you mean your 1,000th
synthesizer
yes I mean can you do it 1,000
synthesizer yeah okay they don't feel
bad one I just woke up 1,000 synthesizer
1000 1000 wow that's a tough call you up
I just purchased my 1,000th synthesizer
to do one thousandth synthesizer 1000
synthesizer but I can't do it one
thousand is alright at the same time one
two three one thousand oh my god as a
new champ Oregon State what
synthesizer will just air Charles over
time red leather yellow leather this is
awesome looking venue more than Snider a
nerd rock okay I feel like this is like
call of duty right now
silly stairs trying to find the green
room look at this who miss told ya Lee
was real so I decided to kind of take a
little stroll before sound check this is
worse than like I think like San
Francisco Hills I feel like I'm gonna
tumble down during it up ran into a
bunch of CTFxC s and they told me with
the Apple Store and the Starbucks was
it's awesome forgot how cool Scotland
looks it's kind of crazy like the
through part of the videos it kind of
looks like everything looks the same but
each place has like this own unique like
style which is really kind of cool candy
recipe that my mom got from one of her
students they did it for a holiday candy
they put like some peppermint sticks in
it but we are going to just make a good
old-fashioned fatty one that we can you
know the most fatty thing we can think
of so we were doing chocolate and peanut
butter chips cuz you know what I'm so
happy
and we got our gigantic apron on this is
the most fun part of the baking
separation eating all the snacks I'm
gonna eat all the ingredients before we
make this stuff mmm we're waiting for
the candy to harden and my mom goes oh
come here you gotta feel how hard it is
this is hard that laughs we are five
okay try the candy
okay try it a little better a huge bite
whole thing in your realm mm-hmm oh my
god that's for you yes you guys are
watching show about Giants greatness
how long have you been watching this and
have you found out anything seriously
you know you look like you like the guy
from zargarf from the Sun French Stewart
yeah
I don't even know that looks like it
in case you ever wonder what we're
listening to we're listening to Travis's
voice say this and then we have that
nothing cool we're not listening to
anything really cool just the Metrodome
we had a nice little poll it's actually
gonna hard to do this is not this is
actually kind of fun hi traffic mr. hi
guys
yes I wish this could go to the stage
and that's how we would actually get on
the stage we try to go upside-down all
right hold this I wanna see if I can do
it this is what it's like to blog yeah
so smooth
keep doing it now go higher it's funny
hearing your wedding ring click against
the stripper pole they're talented
Charles slow slide goalie don't get too
close it's coming down for ya there's
another one there's another one all
right so we got this book wait Rahui
book kleczka benter terrible accent I'm
sure a glascott case is ahead but this
book is awesome these shots are
micro shots all right guys I am going to
finish some packing and finish some
editing and I'm going to go to sleep
because bright and early tomorrow
morning I am getting up to go to the
airport and I'm going to see Jesse and
Gina and I'm so excited I cannot wait to
get there
I've missed them so much and I'm sure
you guys are really excited to see him
too
all right guys that's it for today we
love you so much and we'll see you
tomorrow bye guys
see what you did
it's hardly wait
Mircea taxi
giddy with y'all trippin
to be an ally
