okay Babs I got some bad news for you
little one it's time for a pedicure time
for a pedicure no blues they hate it so
much on my cut Daniels actually Marley
doesn't mind so much so he really hates
it isn't that are you showing it off for
the camera you look great you look great
you look great what if little I say that
made you do that big ears hey good
morning guys so dang i woke up and this
happens
everyone
three in the morning he was great extra
bus
okay apparently Grandmaster Flash next
door we just use our pass it just kind
of BS our way and we have literally the
best spot in the house right now you can
see all this going down you didn't even
look at our passage goes cool just
whatever alright lesson learned guys if
you ever want to get anywhere this is a
love life lesson my dad told me this act
like you know what you're doing you can
go anywhere this is how we start a vlog
have no idea what's going on right now
sick for the morning this is the worst
part is like we are the most conspicuous
people right now out of everyone here
like a flower man right there flower man
can go anywhere too I've seen like 15
boat leaves
I wrote 25 Mad Hatter's
it's just the most bizarre thing
because remember guys
the university of manchester right now
so if you want to go to college this is
where you go
you
where are we
what's going on over there while
standing good there is no we lost Danny
okay sup people watch it can't stop
people aren't you can't stop people
watch it kiss-up people watching it stop
people on shit he's got people lost
dilek and stuff people watch it don't
y'all stop people watch it so this is
interesting uh what do you notice about
this calendar anything anything odd at
all about this calendar may be in this
area right here dr. Cara to do do do do
do do you to do fellow winmarleigh washy
cuz key and she is probably gonna poop
20 get it I'll get it though yay happy
girls Zoe's once again beyond excited
because it is you know once again a
beyond gorgeous day and we've just been
hanging out outside for a little bit
with the doggies I was gonna take him to
the beach but it's getting a little bit
too late now I don't think that I should
try to go because the sun's gonna be
setting by the time we get there because
it's a little bit of a drive from from
where we are now but I think we're gonna
take him to the park you park what what
did you say park she looks a very toxic
park to what good morning guys well i
should say evening the entire bus fell
into the what you what i like to call
the bus of sleeping vortex and we all
woke up at three thirty in the afternoon
yeah just pretty much so much happy
yesterday with the volleyball the show
walking around earlier the aftermath
part by the way look how clean
everything is I'm pretty impressed right
now really not much
our way to the parking parking so he's
already got a head out the window all
right Marla you ready you see Justin
over there nope you see the other dogs
you see Justin oh hey go get him and
she's off you have a good run they're so
cute if you like holding back Charles
and I always do that to get him tired if
we keep them on one like side of the dog
park and one of us goes to the other
side and we call them they just rock it
over so funny so did you guys like that
little bit of light in today's vlog on
our end started the day at night add a
little bit of clips during the day
actually I think they had one clip
during the day and now look at this RT
Erie like five o'clock five o'clock and
it looks like eight o'clock right now
mmm prawn potato chip right here we do
this thing that unbelievable communities
chocolate mousse because I'm talking
okay so he's like finding the store and
in rub it in my face all right Donnie
you get the cheese wedges to those are
amazing dude babbles Oh amazing well
bagels this is gonna be my hugging
pillow I have a pillow I'll eat me my
head on every night and a pillow I hug
was sleep to pretend like you have a
girlfriend I do that's a Jew I thought
it was gonna rolled up like this what I
thought was gonna be just like that I'm
wrapping it this there's no hey dude
just getting creative for mine instead
of writing my name I'm just gonna make a
sad face here's the mission try to find
a shower that isn't filthy so we're just
kind of wandering around there's another
show going on so we got like kicked out
of the production office so we're trying
to just kind of walk around saccadic can
just kind of stumble into something I
oh there's the thing right there all
right so i get an ideal you hold this up
to flush have fun play this found some
flyers they made a nice little tile
floor game is charles a germaphobe well
there was a cigarette butt in there and
it is like look at i were shaking as a
shower head i got work on that next look
at oh so as i was taking a shower I
looked down and I noticed it was for a
band called rubba-dub-- and uh here's
the other bands that are headlining that
show starring the floor mats and special
guest drip-dry shut up i'm not a
germaphobe I know you internet before
saying it all right rubba-dub-- let's
leave somebody wrote that on a little
pole next to the bus so as you could
tell today's been kind of a recovery day
which is kind of cool because I kind of
needed it personally we love traveling
and you know show show show and I think
we have like eight shows eight or nine
shows in a row and sorry only I think
one of two days off this entire tour so
it was just kind of accolade back kind
of thing so Zach Danny and I are just
kind of walking around Manchester one
last time and then I think we have a bus
call in like a couple hours so I need to
get back to the flat so i can upload
this photos Ali you know what guys as
gross as that stuff was I did feel good
when i woke up today I'm not saying it's
just because of this apple cider vinegar
but I did feel good and I just want to
see if it helps me not get sick so I'm
going to drink it again uh it's so
pungent it like burns your nose God okay
you know what I feel like I feel like
someone invented that as a joke to try
and make people make as many people
possible drink it and want to throw up
so they can just watch their faces I
feel like it's like a sick joke maybe
it's just a big giant prank on the whole
world so here's a little fun thing that
you guys should do I think this will be
a really fun game mostly for me maybe
not so much for you guys you should try
apple cider vinegar if you never have
before and as you're taking your first
sip of it have someone take a picture of
you or you can take a picture of
yourself and tweet it to me I think this
could be a really funny series of
pictures like your apple cider vinegar
face mine is hideous so I'm just dying
to see some of your guys alright
everybody that's about it for me today
now that I've had my disgusting nightly
elixir I'm gonna go pass out i'm going
to be posting a new video it's gonna be
going like today on my channel
youtube.com slash ali so if you want to
go and check that out go for it it's
going to be an eye makeup tutorial that
you guys have asked for a lot and for
those of you who don't care can just
hang out here for the rest of the blog
I'm trying to find the internet again
surprise I have is gonna be a theme of
the blogs for next couple days and I'm
in a nice kind of just found my way in a
nice scary hallway huh anyway miss you
honey make sure Zoey Marley aren't
getting in too much trouble and I will
see you guys tomorrow as always so yeah
good just keep her its kind of all right
guys I will see you guys tomorrow
on youtube
wait
where's epsxe
giddy with y'all tripping
wit with Trippi an early
you
