hey guys good morning I guess it's good
morning a good afternoon and I slept and
way too much I look like a smurf right
now let me just restart this much better
I hate when that whole auto white
balance oh now like freakin expose so we
try this again and there we go
point shoot cameras are perfect as you
probably already know this yesterday was
an amazing day you guys already know
probably if you watch the video if you
did not watch the video go watch
yesterday's video we have a new member
in the family another new member we've
had two new members in the family in the
past two weeks no week past actually you
know past couple days which is actually
pretty crazy Ali went to go I guess get
my early birthday present because my
birthday is in Sunday Saturday it's the
2nd the 2nd of September I'll actually
be a playlist live because playlist live
is this coming weekend and by the way if
you're going our meet and greet is on my
birthday actually the 2nd I'm not sure
where it is but you know the whole
playlist stuff you'll figure it out but
we will be there
Ali is currently gone like I said so
it's my perfect opportunity to shave my
beard she doesn't like it when I shave
my beard
apparently the lowest I can go is a 3
there what do you think a little bit
better a little more cleaned up if I
shave my face completely off you guys
are probably seeing it it is I have the
type of face that needs facial hair is
this otherwise I look like I'm 10 yeah
I'm not gonna do yesterday was one
incredibly beautiful and magical day I
like honestly last four words for all
the amazing things that have been
happening in this past month I know
there was a little hardship in the
middle of it but there's been so many
beautiful things that have happened in
the past couple of days and I'm just I'm
so happy talk to Val this morning and
Carter Dani and Valentin are all doing
really really well
Carter's eating very well they're just
trying to catch up on a little bit of
sleep while they can mommy baby and
daddy are all doing so good I talked to
my brother too
mommy baby and daddy are all doing
really really well and it's just ah
there's so much love and there's so much
happiness I'm just going on right in my
family world in my friendship world and
I just I'm just so happy I'm so happy
it's me major baby fever let me tell you
what picking out my sister because she's
gonna be will help me grab a gift for
Charles there's gonna be one of his
gifts for his birthday and it's
something that I think that he would not
by himself but I think that he will
truly enjoy he's talked about it here
and there but I don't I think he's
actually gonna be really surprised when
I get this for him I don't know I think
he's gonna love it won't have to see but
Kayla's gonna come and try and tell me
pick it out you guys gonna go in the
golf cart we haven't done that okay
Jesus
Oh three you guys want to go in the golf
cart make sure to stretch
oh that's why I gotta go
turn over here
well looks like the fun is over three on
the last bar or
and if you remember how long
but I was driving and I was like a
locking bacon I got too far out and I
got stranded
all to get back I remember what day that
was right I was
I'm slightly perturbed right now I
decided to go shopping for this gift on
a Sunday when most places are closed
which I should have known better but of
the few places that I did go there was
one place that I went where the guy who
I don't know if he owns it or if he is a
manager he was so rude to Kaitlyn and I
was so rude that I was like so ready to
buy this gift for Charles and he
completely completely was just sold to
us that it just it turned me off and I
didn't I think guys you can't tell
Charles can't tell Charles you see the
Shh I was set on and he was just so rude
from the moment that we stepped in there
he was such a jerk to us I mentioned it
was a couple days ago
it's Finley's birthday Melissa's little
puppy so I'm gonna take the girls to go
have a puppy party puppies were at a
party a lot of birthdays been rainy and
gloomy all day as you can see we're
getting the tail end of the hurricane
that's over on the other side of the
Gulf right now whole time I've been
seeing a lot of the destruction from
that thing and I hope every one of you
guys in the CTFxC and friends and family
people don't watch the video so bright
that you guys are okay and safe and you
guys we're safe the whole single time
yeah it's just so bright right now and
there's sunglasses
I already talked the nerd rock he was he
lives in San Antonio so he was kind of
like on the tail end of it but he's
totally fine so I just hope all of you
guys are okay is there never fun and
it's weird when a hurricane goes
somewhere other than Florida because I
mean they're in the Gulf Texas is in the
Gulf but Florida seems to be the one
that's always synonymous when you think
of hurricane first thing you think of is
I think Florida and we think of an
earthquake the first thing I think of
California when you think of a tornado I
always think of product as a twister I
think of like Nebraska or Oklahoma or
something in that area of what I'm
trying to say is like I just think it's
kind of strange or different when I hear
that a hurricane is not hitting Florida
does that make sense I don't think that
makes much sense it was just something
that's one of those things that goes
onto my brain make a friend out there
mark I hear him out there barking don't
really care for him just dropped off
Kaylin the birthday shopping was
completely unsuccessful these are a bad
day I guess to go shop for the things
that I'm trying to buy him so I don't
want to like give it away like the
reason why I was filming it today
because of the mere fact that I was
going to give it to him today when I
purchased the gift for him but since I
was able to purchase it I had was very
confident that today I was gonna get his
gift
it was just a big old freeways I don't
know what to do why is it so difficult
to shop for this man birthday boy mother
thing give me the cookie your fingers
even right off
- ah okay
I want to be careful I think Marley's
gonna eat the whole cake Dixie and
Marley the smallest dog to eat the whole
cake
this is not her first birthday cake it's
just bland that's all it is not bad so
he gets some being too polite over here
go in there this is waiting for people
to feed you in Lee's the most-played
birthday dog ever
Dixie you're getting in on Dixie she's
gonna kick your butt though chillin
yep hey feelin get some sleep get some
sleep
we've kind of been just doing a lot like
we went and this weekend we have
playlist so it's kind of like Bam Bam
Bam Bam Bam
you forgot about playlist too right so
we have something else buffer fest
that's at least another month so it's
just like Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam just slow
it down
have a piece of pizza in the morning
pizza and union pizza at breakfast
breakfast time some pizzas on a bagel
babe yeah it keeps any time you missed a
puppy cake party Marley actually like
Dixie so deserve Marley's a lead both
like Dixie we just noticed Mr D over
here it's got a little limp you're right
buddy
gotta get you a walker oh now you're not
limping he's faking him he's fit he's
faking it you're going to Tyson now oh
you smell Dixie on me that's for sure
oh he's limping a little bit
we'll get your Walker
I hope you enjoyed today's video Ali is
getting to bed early I will see you
tomorrow
have a good night please don't forget to
subscribe and bye I don't know what else
to say I was gonna say something else
but bye yeah
