well good morning guys I am in
Manchester and that is a big Cathedral
hey that's us that's us
this is why I go overseas to
architecture so much more fascinating
the than the states you know it means
just pulled so much older so much more
history the university holy crap well
yesterday I was having a complete deja
vu I'm just in here walking down the
street right now this is the same street
that Al and I walked to get food and
that was where we ate right there I've
done G alleys watching these videos if
while she's editing them and having the
same moment right now that's pretty
would you like a flu jab instead of a
flu shot this rally cheered you remember
the car playing dogs and this is where
we met the CTX serious deja boo' oh yeah
remember that thing goes in we gotta
count how many times we actually see the
Sun with day one uses day one but you
see it like briefly briefly but it's
there so you know how are you guys doing
I feel like in a chaos I haven't
actually got to talk to you guys in a
long time feel good doing good I do good
I'm not sick anymore so I feel a little
bit better Oh forgot to tell you guys
remember that little contest we had we
were giving away a hot tub the bullfrogs
spas you know Facebook on such hot tubs
and spas guys Johnny K a CTF X here from
Tennessee won the hot tub I am so pumped
a CTX here one so congratulations Donny
don't worry guys I'm sure we're gonna
have another contest like this very very
soon so thank you to those guys but yeah
everyone say congratulations Donny K
from Tennessee in the comments cuz
that's pretty awesome I was really
worried that CTFxC you know might not
win but you guys you guys killed it you
guys won I'm so happy
okay so is that just how it works you
girls just go from one bed in the house
to the other you guys are too lazy have
you been outside Miley is gorgeous out
there you know what all yesterday's
Charles was showing footage of snow
deterrent makes me jealous
guess what I'm gonna do show him footage
of
beautiful and sunny it is so that he
gets jealous oh yeah you see that you
see all that I'm called blue skies and
Paradise baby oh yeah it's so nice out
so are you happy
Zoey are you happy that it's so sunny
out today
yes what did I say one bed to the next
image in Julis you're so ridiculous
I push you push you over ha ha ha oh
it's just butt itches but itchy spots a
hat Dennis don't don't don't dancin Oh
No Oh Steve their theme songs can be
either so Cole and I are trying to find
Danny and everybody i buy by the way by
the way I just want to show you Coley's
awesome new jacket look at this that's
pretty Rockstar right
that's pretty rockstar we got to try to
find Danny and we don't really know
where he is they forgot to text us so we
have to kind of just stalk him with the
find my friends thing we prepared
the new fashion guys wear your iPhone
cable around your neck this is the baby
pit for Mortal Kombat it's the British
version I guess ok god no boy I would
never want to see that in real life
that's like a sea nightmare for me right
now oh my god spider crab
wait the size that's pretty awesome
nothing's as big as money arrows to the
knee back then
it always fascinates me when I go to the
museum and I see like tools from like
people like 10,000 years ago like I
couldn't make this now can anyone in the
Internet decode this for me if you can
you are a genius
Amerika
oh that's cool we're all a bunch of
paper trains
this is crazy alright so a volcano a
little 2000 years ago in Italy right
this is a person body like
the ash this is just a mold from the ash
mr. ed are you okay now that's evolution
yes please
yeah that would be slightly bigger than
the lizards we had at home but there was
something there's something bigger than
t-rex what was it called
I remember in school was like the odd
you guys know it was a more vicious it
was bigger and it was like more
aggressive I don't know if I ever told
you guys that I actually read Egyptian
writing and the bizarre man by the Nile
OKC's bizarre right there he got the
money on a bed gold crocodiles you see
that oh wow and then they snapped a
teeth on a cigarette and then it says to
walk like an Egyptian right here so
you're kind of walking like an Egyptian
I started uploading the video and I got
on the couch and she took it upon
herself here I did not
people a chair was cold you definitely
need to get a nonstick folding omelet
pan but if you order one right now you
can get a second one for price
that's two for the price of two there
are other people in the store no know
where I'm going where are the candles
I'm using my nose and finding them I'm
sniffing my way through the store to
find the candle section
you'd be surprised you know I don't I
don't know where it is exactly by now
you'd think that I would but I still
have to look for it
hey malli malli hey malli big ears giant
ears
hey Lacey Zoey you got a little eye goop
on your face are you cleaning the pool
pulls all green it's like Swamp Thing in
there there's a gator I'm like kicking a
soccer ball as I'm talking to you
can you tell I thought it was really fun
I don't think it'll break anything this
is what you get to do when you grow up
you get to play ball in the house
you
I feel bad now you're right yeah dude if
you made me do it
well it would hurt but that's safe
taking your rock in the comments okay
everyone a real soccer
you
this is excellent so James and I went
digging digging digging through our
gigantic closet full of lighting we had
no idea where anything was
and we found matching soft boxes and
James is gonna help me set them up is
he's a genius and I'm not so I am going
to now struggle with this a little bit
more but I'm so glad we finally got this
going yeah alright guys I have a very
interesting thing that I am about to try
here for you this is apple cider vinegar
and I've heard a lot about like the
potential health benefits of it and I
get sick sometimes when I travel and
since I'm going to be travelling in a
couple of days I just wanted to you know
do something that might help me a little
bit and I've heard a lot about this some
people say it's total BS
some people swear by it so I'm just
gonna try it because I've also heard
that tastes horrible I don't have to
just down it Zoey you do not want this
you want this we didn't have honey so
we're deciding to forgo the honey and we
just have we just diluted at one to one
so we have a tablespoon of apple cider
vinegar a tablespoon of water no no no
Buena oh it's just the initial shock of
it is so oh it's horrible it's like in
my toes
Baptiste is just straight vinegar you're
like this might be apple juice nope
don't do that I feel like I need to have
like a special edition of dumb SH that
Ali does in her kitchen at night because
this is a second like natural remedy
thing that I've done that has been
horrible looks like this
looks like the hallways on fire right
now
go home
if you miss it the guy randomly came
into our dressing room when to our
bathroom we wanted to make it awkward I
think we succeeded
wait
yes
with y'all trippin
gyah
would be an ally
