uh guys I woke up with a migraine boo
hiss I was also till I start the day
take the girls for a walk so it's a
really nice day outside but I'm just
gonna rest for now where this really
awesome bra on my face and hopefully
it'll go away soon i took some medicine
so i'm hoping that it's gonna just
dissipate really quickly and they'll be
able to carry on with our day I knew it
I'm surrounded by assholes these little
girls are gonna keep me company while I
rest good morning guys wait this room
looks so familiar by having like deja vu
do you guys remember this room I I've
been here right I hate that feeling when
you know you've been somewhere but you
just can't figure I know I've been here
I think we play here last time no I've
been here I know it it was pouring rain
this is where alli can i remember this
now we don't have many mirrors so just
for toastin right this bus is like
pretty roomy but it just doesn't have
mirrors it's pretty funny you think it'd
be a toaster yep and I remember this
street when Ali and I were walking it
was completely barren cousin played on
today it was Sunday alright so I'm on
the I'm on the mission gotta find out my
first starbucks over here ah yes I found
American Embassy
holy jeebus you guys oh my god I'm
having complete like okay first of all a
guy came to my neighborhood today to
mess with my power so he shut off the
power in my house and like all my clocks
reset and that's not even a big deal but
it's just like on a long list of things
that have been totally insane today
today has been like the most insane day
it's like already like the afternoon and
I have not even film cinema I never wait
this long to do it but I have like had
such a problem setting everything up so
I'm trying to get that done I went to
upload the video and it wouldn't process
and then something happened with my sign
in and like I had to I don't know
everything just was so insane and I'm
rambling and I have no idea what I'm
talking about i was running around my
house screaming and i was talking to my
mom on the phone she's like oh my god
okay just calm down i'll give you a hug
when i see you is so funny like
everything is just been a complete
madness so he's drinking water she gets
really nervous whenever I yell and I'm
sure that she just flipped out when i
started i was literally grabbing my
computer just yelling at it what are you
doing guys ever do that it's not doing
what you want all day well this is
actually kind of pretty by the way
Travis Travis is a bear he's going to be
a honey bear because he's honey boo boo
I've been chugging honey in order to
coat my throat so that I don't ruin it
on this tour yeah dresses so that I can
still sing for everybody he's on vocal
rest so he could get can speak only a
little bit so watch Brock I'll sing the
secret out hey wheel riders doesn't
worry so brian has dubbed him honey boo
boo I want my crown but steady I let my
crown Getty
your sinuses so you have not capitalized
mr. a shit about the flat bad
I know what it looks like what the
Pirates code but you got all these extra
tokens right now like Street Fighter and
they're only good at Pirates code 40,000
points for a Mountie book there you go
that's all I'm gonna thinks he's a big
man on campus your butt holes gonna be
here I might shit during the show on
fire the top is good yes
you can possibly sing my parts on stage
it's just
Carrie Carrie Carrie Carrie Carrie
superglide it's fair berry sauce at a
bar your time is a black bottle that's
that that's that shade of red dangers
it's like hard I know what are you doing
yeah extra extra X it's stuff that you
can get you have 4x
it's not crazy no there's a lot of stuff
in it isn't one of those ones are you
can't even tasting do it yeah how would
you do such an excellent model I'm
trying any it Annie yeah what do you do
that what'd you do no way Oh like that
a lot of spices
good one
gonna punch you in the mouth that is
like hold on so my pool pump broke and
look at my pool it's so gross no so my
dad is trying to help me fix it now I
don't know what happened but something
broke in the water all poured out of the
pump so it's not working you girls wanna
go on a little lunch date you guys only
go on a little lunch date okay we'll go
for a little lunch date yeah are you
demonstrating how to be a bad kid at a
restaurant Justin quick quick sit at the
table with your knees under facing
forward sit don't bring your food over
you okay that's not appropriate Justin
Justin come sit down when you're needing
that's not safe Justin just don't sit on
that bench like that Justin that's not
how we sit on the bench
do your best just into trouble just a
Michael thought you knew you're in
trouble you got the middle name man that
was it the reason why we're doing this
because there have been two families
that have been sitting outside while
we've been eating in the first like this
family to see here now their kids are so
well behaved and I know that's not
always in the control of appearance you
know what I mean some days kids are just
being cranky crazy but their kids are
being great other side of parents
letting their kids they were literally
ripping the like and nice landscaping
they were ripping the plants out of the
ground and hit each other with them in
the pants were not doing anything about
it it was so ridiculous yesterday he was
mega man today he's a conehead what's
the name of their planet oh come from do
you remember it like 95 all right
readings are clangs you doing I got it
but it's all right beer I got your
sweater it's good your pants we just
dress you I want to get Brian your style
there you are those do cheese they
really liked her denim where Oh Mike I
think Mike I think my dad man that's a
sympathy oh boy oh boy that's awesome
shark sauce Oh al socks I'm gonna be
really pissed if there's some angry bird
socks in here you actually look like a
baseball coach I was gonna say celebrity
that's trying to hide the man celebrity
there put some glasses on John Stamos
John Stamos John Stamos can I brought
ago all right if you look like a badass
wearing this I quit I quit say all that
needs a fanny pack straight yeah you
know it kind of works on them to feel
like you're from it gets on the block
we're saved by the bell wake up in the
mornin holy crap I'm fashionable and
even realize those being vegetable
toward vice number 452 when you're out
of cologne go to a local department
store and clean your shirt oh I actually
forgot to tell you a lot of people were
actually tweeting me about where I got
this this is uh this hoodie it was
actually at Jackthreads as well where I
got the other honey it's called Arsenal
and it's called a lame i think is what's
the name what the name is so you can
actually go to jack threads.com slash
CTFxC you can just log in with your
Facebook it's free and stuff like that
but the links down there in the video
description and then you can get it I
guess it's like the Arsenal Lantern
hoodie for those people actually curious
it is coming down so pretty Ali be
freaking out right now she was here to
love snow the thing about snow as I know
it's like a lot of people hate it that
are always dealing with it but when
you're from Florida you don't see it I
love how it falls on things like on a
like on railings how it just like
smoothes itself out smellin
I love it that's so pretty Justin and I
just got into a pretty hysterical
conversation actually we were he just
started talking about wind waker
randomly and he was like oh man I gotta
buy a wii u know what you say they're
remaking it for gether remain winwaker
all the way so we were talking about how
they totally they just they screw you
they totally gayton because they make
one game one in game that you want for
an entire console that you're never
gonna play except for the one game and
then you have to do it that's exactly
why I bought the 3ds because I really
wanted to play Zelda and I really wanted
to play the new mario but seriously it's
totally screwed up it makes you waste
like three hundred dollars for one game
I'm sure that's happened to you guys
where you buy at like a console and
you're like well only one game for it
that's great and your parents get mad
and then it all just sucks so then you
just have to play that game like 15
times over and over hey guys uh so i'm
in west yorkshire leads i guess and got
some people want to say hi they were out
in the snow last time we were who was
here last time wasn't it who's in the
rain last time so there's Lane another
snow so say hi guys it's so much snow
Ali are you jealous honey II just okay
now i have frostbite finger i will see
you guys tomorrow hope you enjoyed the
video it was amazing coming back here I
didn't think we actually we're gonna put
you playing the same venue so it's
actually kind of cool to be at the same
place today's secret phrase is hyphen
what can I say I'm kid in the snowstorm
all right I'll see you guys tomorrow
good night
you
see what you did today
where's epsxe
giddy with y'all trippin
with trippy and alli don't forget to eat
you
