hey guys it's like three o'clock in the
morning right now I woke up can't go
back to me jet lag is killing me cuz I'm
gonna clock tomorrow or yesterday or ten
o'clock of the day I'm used all right
try this again a tube oh fuck too bad
hmm okay I can handle this well good
morning guys so after falling asleep and
the waking back up and then falling back
asleep I think at six in the morning I
decided to kind of walk around and show
you guys that whole thing that I was
trying to show you guys last night but
it was so freaking dark basically here
is that castle I very much more to look
at in the day then I've always thought
instead of like water for the moat they
should put like a llama they could
harness lava that would be the like the
book badass castle in the world oh
there's coal e coli's run in it's
freaking crazy he's up in the morning to
jogging what sucks is that I was like
really really planning on like doing the
running while I was over here but I just
not prepared for the cold like right now
I'm freezing to run and just have more
cold air in my face I don't know I just
checked my mail box and I got a pretty
interesting piece of mail from Delta for
Charles let's check out just exactly who
it's addressed to mr. Charles J what is
that even that's not even close to the
right hey oh my goodness it's a
beautiful day isn't that the perfect way
to get dirty after mommy just gives you
a bath pack yet is that face that was a
happy dog right there oh so it's a
really nice day out and I brought the
girls over here and my mom and I are
gonna go get our manicures done cuz my
nails I'm looking nasty plus I'm just
like you know what why not it's a great
day let's treat ourselves what are you
doing I knew you were eating rabbit poop
you little ding dong see these dogs
can't hide for me they think they know
but they don't know cuz I know and they
think they know that I know that they
think that I know that they know but
they don't yeah with some cannons Wendy
day you know beaches of Normandy and all
that the invasion
this is where all the boats left this
was the port right here this waterway
was where all the legacy how I pose left
it's kind of crazy to think about you
know what I mean history ah I think I
found the museum as crazy as you're not
coming right at you this will be coming
right at you wait so that's tank what on
earth is this doesn't look like this
somebody the internet internet land know
what this is don't think I've ever seen
something like this looks like a tank
and cake anti-aircraft I'm gonna bomb it
really wish that place was open in
school history was my best subject like
like my favorite subject actually the
subject I did really well I was good at
dates and I was really interested in
fascinated by like real real world
things like what people would read books
about like you know I don't know but not
say anything's wrong with like Harry
Potter or something like that I'd be
reading history books because I was a
dweeb but it's cool embrace it history
is awesome another little thing I used
to be a math a TA teaching assistant in
college I ever tell you guys that for
two years I did that Charles was a nerd
was is and I do have a Wi-Fi tattoo in
the back window but I should move his
car and now we're doing adult things
Getty spare keys made dr. now we have to
pick which one we want i'm gonna go with
our kitty on this or stormtrooper
like the cupcake or what about the
guitar though the guitar is so cool oh
man my mom just received the best news /
coupons ever and I'm gonna steal them
buy one get one candles does until
Charles oh he's gonna know I'm gonna
have 18,000 candles in my house and
comes home yes hi my name is Coco and
I'm here to help you with all your
library needs how are you not even
caring about this cat my god she doesn't
even care yeah she cares she cares oh no
she's looking just like I'm gonna this
is the greatest thing I've ever seen my
whole life man that cat is the she's the
best cat in the whole world she's so
like she's just accepting you can just
do anything to her it's like stuff on my
cat or whatever that website is you can
put anything on her it's so funny
professor cat all right just got to the
venue I think this is the right place
hey feeling the rock stealing feeling
though the mission is to try to find
some food to warm us up right now so
we're just kind of walk around look a
king's theatre
seems good all right internet look
really quick we the kings at wine at the
Kings I'm one of the Kings oh yeah the
Kings menu they made places first thing
you know we're coming and it's got a lot
of alcohol this makes sense is that what
I think it is cool going for daisy dukes
baby oh boy yeah that is amazing but
Elvis he's following us I feel like we
see Elvis on every single toward only
it's really good it crazy cuz Cola
you're from the north so you kind of see
this stuff a lot like this type of like
buildings and stuff like that from
Florida we don't have anything like this
oh we have a Florida sunshine lots of
sunshine we're gonna do a tally and see
how many times we see the Sun during
this listen carried away I want a bit we
stayed in Barcelona and that's about it
55 in Barcelona and the lowest i think
is going to be Surak or munich work
which is 20 Berlin Berlin was 20 degrees
come on everyone in the internets just
like making fun of us right now you and
I concur here like ah sorry from
Antarctica oh sweet a music show excuse
me sir
our goal is to get back in shape like
warp tour but like all the only
differences and you how many ups you
have many layers right there he's in a
full suit I have like three layers
little different the more fun ripped
yeah that's the cool thing about winter
everyone
you don't have to like worry about the
tank tops and stuff like that okay
there's something crazy going on I don't
think I've actually told you guys this
yet but I am trying to book a flight to
go and see Jessie and gina and i just
looked on my computer to try and like
just get the flights organized my
computer died in the middle of my mom
and I looking at slice and when i
rebooted it this happened that is not
the date what the hell was going on oh
my god it's why it's okay it's why it's
okay as long as you can oh is this where
you guys go while mommy works you go
under the desk you guys are so freaking
adorable I feel like I'm the most crazy
person when it comes to my pets I think
there are the cutest things on the face
of the earth sorry to rock always right
there ways that blood yeah just probably
the least cool thing I could possibly do
these ears you know they go so deep in
your in your head essentially they get
gunk from your ears seems like a cool I
get to spend like 15 minute meeting with
Connor freaking things otherwise you can
hear I'm gonna trade guitars and we were
gonna play party fun love and radio
we're gonna change guitars we're gonna
play kissing last hopefully Danny will
be able to keep up which guitar do I
change through
change to the green one you can borrow
mine that's that's a guitar change right
there that's a fast one for Danny so you
were the Gulf look you know after we
finished her last note kiss me last
we're gonna go into a song that i like
to call secret Valentine which goes i'll
call it right but we don't have to
change ours so we just got our passes
and okay i wanna show you guys something
you have to find something wrong with
this pass what do you guys see that's
wrong with this pass we have to get it
remade but what's wrong with this look
at this Ryan Joe pointed out coco pops
are they fragile frosties do you
remember it was the South America Danny
was a South America that Tony the Tiger
was evil looking it was Rio do you guys
remember that he was just like her ebar
sir gotta do that is gonna be like
that's gold on a tour bus right they did
you can put your existing book amok tops
they're out of boxes so this video so
they gave me the dish water but I Oh
miss plane I mean you can put all your
crafts in there oh it's easy see what it
looks like sandwich box what is that
generous call that thing smells amazing
actually called the hunters country bad
guys mom I just turned on my ears and
apparently this is what nerd rock put on
there for you guys it's my ear back what
oh there we go amazing felt good about
that one trying to get ahold of ally
right now I finally have fast internet
is that a cat in glasses little weirder
Coco is weird they want to say hi very
true sir all trans on vocal rest can say
anything oh by the way guys this is PIP
she's just getting married I just wanted
her name's pip so toss oh yeah lady
racism where's Marley not giving a crap
hey mom are I'm just looking at the
ground right now to like look at the
ground it's so true so that's it for
today guys thank you so much for
watching don't forget to subscribe if
you guys haven't already and we'll see
you tomorrow goodnight
hardly wait up
hey where's baby at sexy
he withdraws trippy
yes with chakra finale don't forget to
eat
you
