good morning princess would you like to
go for a walk yes oh and that was a fall
that was a graceful fall would you like
to go for a walk okay and I'm enjoying
some wine some some food and take it 42
this
back at Donner so we just landed in
London good news is we got these bags so
we won't clings to death we have clothes
it's pretty good and we have drum mics
so maybe we can like my cup of pickle
bucket or something like that hopefully
all the instruments all right here are
my eyes are they red well instruments
aren't here they're on a different
flight apparently they went to Detroit
who at the Jaypee one day make eye
contact with the burrito
look at this dog's face yeah I'm pretty
happy I'm pretty happy bye bye I heard
you I heard you what on earth are you
doing
I hurt Zoe this light is terrible there
we go I heard Zoe in the other room this
light is still terrible she was making
all this noise and I come in and she's
like that he is still as a freaking
statue and she'll go away so this is
what you were doing huh yeah I get it
now you were robbing all in my bed you
are such a bus
you girls oh is that right
okay oh oh there we go the hell is going
on you guys are crazy
it's our home away from home it's a
little different than a then this in the
States
Hey
oh did you get a top one yeah I was
usually when you go to pick your bunk
you want the middle the middle is
usually a nice little spot but right now
I'm thinking this is like a condo bunk
right now I don't think the top rocks
like excessively you know I considered
if we have a little safety and then we
could always do what Yoshi does and just
put like drumsticks there or something
like that I think I would have to be a
little bit claustrophobic down there it
is the bus all right let's go in the
back
got a little kitchen area that's nice
that's nice all right guys in the
comments you got to come up with a name
for the bus what do you want to call bus
yeah we should call this bus we had a
big red last time you guys have to
decide big gray big old gray and he
finally gets it booted up loser guys
turn off your this is cool all right
this is actually where the bathroom is
down there
and when they're no and there's Werner
Drock this is what nerd rock slumbers
you are the cutest Deacon fluffy oh my
god she does that every single time so
I'm getting ready to film the video so
my face is all crazy I was trying to
film this video a long time ago but I
didn't have anybody to help me we're
trying to get ready for Charles to leave
so I'm doing a makeup like video now so
my face is all crazy but oh my god every
single time I just go towards her like
that she spazzes out watching you aren't
such a good girl
you are such a good puppy I was trying
to download something for my computer
and I realized that the only thing
available to download I'm not gonna say
what it is don't want to get in trouble
but the only thing that I was able to
download from this professional
company's website was the Installer but
I read online and a couple of people
gave directions on how to like show the
package contents and go into the
contents and the resources and delete
certain files that would just give you
the exact same data as if you were using
like if you're ripping it from the
actual CD so you can actually download
the software from this from this said
professional website and I lost the CD
so this is great for me and it's going
to help me and I'm being really
ambiguous and vague but I just feel so
excited that I was able to do something
nerdy without having to like cry and go
beg for Charles to help me because he
always knows so much about computers and
I have no idea what I'm doing but I'm so
stoked that I finally figured something
out even the chocolate milk is different
pronounced on your ring
we're namely right now
and language so whatever but it's Caesar
pronounced agent so it's a you here is
where we are because there is where
we'll be it was
take a life lesson learned ever got that
every place takes credit cards so I had
to scrounge up a bunch of some pounds
and stuff like that oh there's some by
the way there was some UK boyband in
there which was kind I don't remember
the name Brian I think Neil no that's so
cool this is basically where have you
ever come to the UK all the back lines
for the Depeche Mode to like Robbie
Williams everybody gets her gear from
here do I get out of this place
I just got walked in okay I think got
him out it's starting to snow actually
kind of fell asleep know what we were
doing we were and just woke up outside
the venue like pyramid and it looks like
we're even along the water check it out
it's kind of cool
let's play a little game if you I'm
gonna show you guys what it looks like
outside right now
okay look see in the comments right now
tell me what time you think it is based
on where the Sun is what time do you
think it is right now just based on what
it looks like all right in the comments
believe it or not is only 5 p.m.
look 5 5 p.m. it looks like this okay so
I think I failed just a tiny bit I did
the entire video on how to do this eye
makeup and it looks kind of bad so James
is a dear friend and he is agreed to
help me reshoot it so I will probably do
it hopefully sometime in this week but I
will let you guys know when it's going
to be posted on Ali because I really
want to do a good job for the first time
that I show you guys how to do an eye
shadow look I really want to make sure
that it's like well explained organized
and it looks clean for you so I need to
reevaluate I'm going to do that but I'm
gonna get it done and now that I put all
this makeup on I'm going to take it off
so I can go for a run
oh man what are we doing celery we are
celebrating because today is national
pie day although I thought national pie
day was March 14
but Jesse okay Jesse says I heard it on
the radio didn't you you agree with me
it's actually it's 3:14 but they are
saying that today on the radio they said
it was national pie day so you know what
this is gonna be national pie squared
today that does not make sense
mathematically but you know what this is
pi day number two we're doing it now she
is store-bought pie that looks like
homemade pie warming in the oven this is
so cold not it no one really wants to go
anywhere so we're sending Koli out go
run around go see what's around the town
to come home is gonna tell us whatever
makes my tail wag we'll be reported back
find a Starbucks and some Wi-Fi get us
out of the water come on oh god I didn't
look look right I look left mistake
number one should we trust that over
Apple Maps that might be a little bit
more accurate Kingsdale
choices like so what do you recommend
American accent I hear this one that's
pretty strong this Snyder completely
mesmerised with this introduce you she's
not here this is Zack a case Neider he's
going to be done pecking while out here
and this is Ryan and he's the new scoop
for now yeah so I just wanted to show
you guys I know we got nerve rocks Dale
and then we got Brian Krebs already
preparing smart man so your party pooper
whenever Marly first meets someone even
like for the next month maybe she does
not let them pet her but if she comes up
to you and that's a good thing that's a
sign she's like we put all yes thank you
you can time for my massage no collar
massage I'm all relaxed I'm out of my
business attire bravely trying to see
like who can beat these impossible songs
on this game my brother's trying really
I'm so bad you are not a hero sir be a
hero
I am terrible at this game I can't I
can't say anything to anyone because you
know what I can beat everything on
expert on the bass parts come very easy
today I just like ran through and did a
bunch of chores that I needed to do
while Charles was here I didn't want to
do all that stuff so I didn't get it all
done I'm going a little stir-crazy
because I didn't really leave the house
today but I went for two runs with the
dogs
and they've been itching and I'm afraid
that they might have gotten fleas from
the dog park so I'm like stripping the
bed and I'm getting them nice and she's
so sad no please I really don't want any
problems I'll be good all right cutie
are you ready for the best post bath
moment ever take off bring a full
British chicken on the bus
yeah I think they'll be room wow that
milk is huge would you like a shot of
milk anyone in case you needed four more
nuts so I'm gonna go back on the bus
it's freezing right now I'm gonna go
back on the bus watch a movie kind of
pass out and just get ready for the
shows tomorrow cuz today hey this is why
we have the off day when we travel over
there's cuz everyone is pretty much I
think nerd rock slept for 14 hours
anyway so I'll see you guys tomorrow I
get ready for some excitement it's going
to be an awesome trip and before we know
it's gonna be over so we might as well
enjoy right kind of guys
it's hardly wait
merci psst
giddy with y'all trippin
we're safety
with European Ally don't forget so
anymore
