okay now I'm going to walk over here
walk over here
okay I'm gonna I'm gonna walk over here
I'm gonna walk right here have you
figured it out Zoe amp time to leave
today where we got a couple hours take
it out on take it out on Mars punch you
in the face punch in the face
go don't forget to bring a towel that
has been my mistake on all the other
tours is not bringing a towel I'm
remembering a pillow this time an extra
pillow for the bunk but a towel I always
forget I always have to it's so gross I
don't know if you guys ever done it will
you use your clean clothes to dry
yourself you have it on that before or
you just go out and you just like shake
and stuff like that not this time
I feel like you right now packing
usually my suitcase is never filled to
the brim it's always yours but I'm
always having to sit on it no oh wait
they're so frigging cute mush fuck dog v
fuck dog 5 anyone in internet land know
what five now dog five is anyone I'm
gone Marley you better lose those love
handles
watch Marley's you're probably still oh
oh no she'll just do that cool go honey
well pair she goes
what an idiot what I didn't say food so
I had to run a couple of errands really
quick and he did not want to leave I
turned around and they just sprinted
through the door
hopped up into the car Marley's there
and Zoe's hiding down there sad puppies
okay you're gonna be good one daddy goes
breakdance right yeah that was a lean
area all right be good
Oh how you been kids and see if I can
get this one gotta go quick
I think it's go ahead
you be good girl you take care she's
like she's like Marlon it's like man I'm
good
did you guys ever do this on the way to
school whenever was late I didn't have
time to eat I always just put cereal in
a cup when I mom would drive us to
school this is like my most favorite way
to eat zero B she can just drink them
look at this you know comes with it if I
was a manic kid and they were doing that
to tell you joke over like slam on the
brakes every once in a while and just go
hook it but then again I think it would
be funny cuz I would laugh if it
happened to me so that would actually
you know what I think it did happen to
me remember my new year's resolution of
always being on time for Eric airplanes
we we might not make you might we're
gonna make it we're gonna make you you
know what we're not gonna not make it
we're going to make it the only problem
is we have all this icky I have all the
guitars and Coley's keyboard right now
and I just checked on five my friends
and Danny's like half a mile behind me
so the good news is two of us are late
and
hunters hello Skyway Avenue see what I
did there I think we actually made it I
think we actually made it we have like
four minutes to spare but we made it now
we got to get all this stuff apparently
one of the pieces of luggage is 90
pounds oh I'm pretty sure Coley's
keyboard is going to be way more than
that though what Charles and Teddy
brought and you already put their stuff
away
you got it wouldn't let you bring it
right this my xbox with the TV in it so
I was totally cracking up with the boys
I was sort of making fun of Danny for
his xbox but then I thought about the
fact that when I was younger I used to
have and I still think I might have this
I'll try and find it later today and
show you guys I had a ps1 not the
PlayStation one the ps1 like the small
version it had like a flip up screen
that you could like screw on to the back
of it and you could plug it into your
like cigarette like outlet and it would
power it for the car ride and I used to
play Frogger and crash in the car all
the time it was so much fun
you've been waiting to do this for a
while I want to do it in front of
somebody please go okay we'll go to
Starbucks with her over there excuse me
I won't even take it moment of truth
oh that was that's the limit right there
I think so remember yesterday I was
saying that we were trying to avoid the
Malaysian Air issue kind of got it again
kind of but Danny's got his xbox though
at least
it wouldn't be a kickoff of a tour
unless they're running for an airplane
made most popular piece dance ever
all right so we start here
that's of the year
I wonder
so my mom and I are going to get new
running shoes a because our shoes were
extremely old and because they're all
dirty now from the Color Run that
doesn't matter though that doesn't
affect the performance of the shoes but
my shoes are very old so I am going to
get two new and different running shoes
and I'm excited I might try those weird
like toe ones we'll see check them out
these are my new kicks time to go
running oh my God look at this thing -
my dad just got it's like it has a
remote and it has like a motor on it and
it drives the skateboard it is crazy and
that thing hauls butt and it's so scary
I I don't think that I'm gonna be able
to balance I it's too dark to write it
now but I'm definitely gonna come back
here and I'm gonna try it tomorrow
because that's gonna be hilarious that
thing looks so daunting that looks
terrifying this remote just just dipping
our toes on this one
so we're at JFK oh yeah it's one of them
it's probably the same degrees it's like
20 guys here so yeah that's what the
same there so you just getting kind of
used to this right now I guess guys
where's the Sun
so we have a couple hour layover and
then we're heading up do we meet up with
everybody
I don't think everyone's in later right
now ah they go in Atlanta too bad we
didn't go to live so here's something
funny I want to go record Danny's
setting up his xbox which is by the way
the coolest thing look at this he can
play full on xbox here by illegally
submit you do not have permission to
film me right now I told him not to be
various I think this is the coolest
thing in the world right now but as I
was doing its he'd get you gathering
audience so I was looking for the camera
to charge me some kind of filming
seriously this is really weirding me out
I have absolutely no idea this battery
would be thank God had an extra battery
so bad well cheers boys Cheers
another tour let's do this new year new
year 2013
okay alright so Danny did his research
and found out there's an entire row see
if this works so here's the plan these
benches are open so Danny Hunter and I
are going to take the middle seat and
hopes that nobody will take the seeds
because you know nobody wants to sit
next to somebody once at least until you
think about it like the school bus you
don't know everyone want to sit next to
somebody when they're 10 taking up the
whole seat so we're gonna hopefully have
an entire bench and look at this then
there's the USB port yeah
Wi-Fi so far I think it's working you
know I guess I don't know if I can
record anymore so I will see you guys
later
but I will see you in London so the next
time I see you guys I will be on the
other side at the bottom you see guys
the key is always sit in the middle seat
when you think something like an entire
row is open because then you get this
Wi-Fi boy dream you're rockin out some
old-school ronald jenkees hell yeah yeah
we in the speed trippy household are
gigantic fans of the one and only ronald
jenkees he's awesome roasting something
speeds right now I'll have my hair down
so this doesn't look cool doing it
anyway what's going on in here
you guys lounging you only got one day
off today
you got one day off guess what tomorrow
is walking running and general dog
exercise time oh my god that was perfect
she's like no Zoey you're such a good
actress you and the Oscar editing the
clips Charles Samia from his travels to
London for like the 18th time in this
past year and it's just so crazy I just
think about how lucky we are all the
time that we get to travel and do so
much fun stuff for our jobs but it also
it was really hard cuz we miss each
other a lot and it's really hard to be
away you know from anybody that you love
it's just good so lonely it's so
stinking lonely this is so depressing I
don't mean to be so sad but it just gets
hard you know but I know he's having a
really good time and I know it's gonna
be really exciting for all of you guys
to watch them go back out on tour again
because I just think the tour footage is
so much fun it's really really awesome
to get to see what they're doing every
day and just the whole process is so
cool to see for someone who's not a
musician you know as a job so I really
really enjoy it when they get to travel
together plus they're such goofballs
it's always really funny alright
everybody so that's it for today I hope
you enjoyed the video don't forget to
subscribe and I will see you guys
tomorrow good night
psst
giddy with y'all trippin
we're safety
with just a theory
