let's take your medicine wait which
one's yours I can't remember which one's
yours now Britt gets freaked thanks
Marley go home you're drunk high five
you're whipping it come on high five
you're whipped it come on high five come
on you high five this there we go
you whiffer hello guys I'm using my
iPhone today because let me show you
what happened to my camera somehow
Charles so we went to like a fabric
store and they had all of this fake
they're freezing I'd take all the
freeze-dried space food so I'm actually
know what I'm totally gonna eat this
right now I'm gonna make a mess of my
mom's car so unfortunately today is the
last day I'll be home for what happened
here
sorry Marley who did this I think this
was you yeah looking for my ball and
couldn't find it
okay well clean it up
I always try to avoid it because I know
they know they get this every time this
thing comes out they start freaking I
got to remember this this is the
passport information you can't forget
the Hat otherwise I'll be stuck at the
border but they always start freaking
out and getting really depressed and not
leaving my side when I start packing so
I always try to like wait for the last
day and then that way I can just like
distract him somehow all right what the
pack with the pack
okay internet killed television shirt
check hater shirt check see what I mean
now she's a standing guard
what's wrong dude I wonder how many
freaking pairs of jeans I need I'm
hearing it is snowing over in London
town and all over there I'm not ready
for the snow I am NOT ready for the snow
yet you know what side or something I
don't want to do laundry or pack go hang
out we'll hang out I don't you know
we're barley wet it's cold no it's not
cold how would it be cold
it looks well I'm dripping stuff it
looks completely like a normal ice cream
sandwich I'm not eating that
it tastes exactly like it I don't want
him how you do know I don't it tastes
exactly like it shoe it you have to like
rehydrate it with your spend how weird
is that it tastes just like it you're
making a face like it doesn't she
refuses to get water she just keeps
staring and looking for squirrels up are
you talking about me Dan and looking for
squirrels it's fun anything is nothing
that coming out and done so remember the
little deal had to make with myself that
any time I have to fly the day before I
cannot have
see otherwise I'm up all night and then
I'm miserable in the flight it is about
four o'clock right now I've gone without
coffee and you know what I was gonna say
I feel awesome but you know what I don't
really notice the difference because I'm
sleepy er I will be very happy with this
decision when I go to bed though so
you're going you going to space are you
gonna go to space we also have just
plain ice cream and strawberries which I
think this might be awesome yeah this is
gonna be awesome I want to eat this this
stingy yet here a stingy astronaut you
know whatever one happen to put it in
water just like styrofoam seems oh he
would even eat it she doesn't even want
it hello mama
Allen's got carrots huh ha new friend
are you dipping in the water I'm gonna
put it in the water to happen do it is
this melting right
I'm just integrating wait no way
these are full-on Wow full-on
strawberries they're like decoration
it's kind of funny you got out of
Michael's their whole robbers what are
you on their free time
mmm is good but it's lonely too much the
slice for a bit better so Coco's in the
middle on the ground she's up kitchen
smell it she's like uh is this
declaration are you she doesn't even
want to eat it you good what about you
what about you you want to try it Hey
look doofus is your all-time favorite
vehicle on the planet and garbage truck
how's your dinner on it now I have to
drive all the way over to the storage
unit and pick up some equipment because
we fly tomorrow and you guys remember
that little incident when we were in
Malaysia and we got like I don't know
what happened but we got screwed by the
airlines we had to pay like $20,000 or
something anyway long story short we
have to get some of the equipment so
something like that doesn't happen again
it's not an early flight which is nice I
get to sleep in but it's still kind of
be kind of annoying to go deal with that
I said all right relax tomorrow before
the flight you don't I mean I can't
remember how long it takes to get to
London what is it like six hours think
it's like six hours I think was Spain
what was Madrid look like six hours
right six or seven right that's a long I
also have to go by Ali a new camera
because I dropped her and broken
because we're even though we are at my
least favorite place on the planet
excellent so we stopped over good for I
am 3d a section duh Charles leave and be
super bored so I'm gonna get epic Nikki
power of illusion doubt it will wipe out
maybe maybe on the on the 3d three death
on the three on 3d I like whole Star Fox
64 amazing catcher's excess Texas I'm
gonna stop talking I don't know I had a
lot of sugar earlier please because it's
only this right it's only one this my
mom's not so down with a dual joystick
it's only one joystick so you'll be okay
it went to 64 and that was still only
one joystick you know what though
actually I'm going to wait because a lot
of you guys have been tweeting me since
I started talking about 3d s games a lot
of you guys have been saying that
Luigi's Mansion is coming out I guess in
like February and I love that game so I
am really excited so I'm gonna hold off
and I'm gonna get that and then I'll be
addicted that for like another year it's
probably backwards it is backwards like
I tease
I like I like scoots a little message
right there
love scoot so this has got to go alright
alright so it begins I think that's
everything
oh there's my phone gonna need that okay
alright time to go get down your new
camera gotta turn the car off my brain
is so fried right now alright please for
the love God be here they've been sold
out everywhere oh thank god no it was
like yeah do you want to get the the one
year protection I was like yes yes I do
and she goes to meet thee in all terms
of conditions I'm like nah I think I got
it and now I want the new one I like
that the old one I feel like I'm one of
the few people in this world that knows
that protection plan inside it out how
many cameras has been since the
beginning of the vlogs and cleaning the
flip ones I could not tell you that I
couldn't even tell you if I wanted to
all right now time to make my last
home-cooked meal for at least a couple
weeks and tell you know the next album
goes quadruple platinum and then I get
the kitchen on the bus like we were
discussing remember but till then I get
a microwave if that does this thing but
I wonder if this tourist hasn't left at
all please it's gotta have a microwave
so this is what happened yeah you take
the cake for screwing up there don't
camera the world oh is that what the
inside oh you broke it this is how hard
I take it apart
take it all the way part just check the
inside out that's the inside that's the
inside of the internet right there yeah
well here's your new one can I put it
back together you know we should do we
should go in the garage and smash it
with a hammer
oh yeah broccoli mashed potatoes
delicious chicken oh and and cheese Oh
dare I say put some set on it yeah put
some feta on it put some feta on it guys
want to make something better put some
feta on it add some feta no probably the
worst thing I've ever said about that it
was pretty pretty cheesy yeah ah my last
meal and now I have to go and eat ramen
noodles and peanut butter sandwiches and
you could eat deliciousness all the time
now mmm what you got
what is that thing see what she wants
you to rip it when I allowing you to rip
this one get the new camera going come
on man somebody's gonna help I don't
home I'll have thumbs
Ali I don't know thumbs are you
revolting here cuz I'm leaving you just
like kicked your pillow out yeah that's
what I think of my pillow
screw that well I need to go to bed so I
can wake up kind of early so I don't
ruin the whole day by sleeping get
everything packed up should be awesome
really excited it's going to be is has
been a while since we've been there and
you know it's gonna be kind of cool to
get back on the tour bus we haven't been
on the tour bus since I think was Warped
Tour so it's been a long time like six
something months right Wow Wow
before I go to bed I wanted to ask you
guys what is one thing you're looking
forward to with this tour what are you
guys looking forward to see or do or
have us do or something like that let me
know in the comments if you have any
good ideas like eating challenges to let
us know okay like cool restaurants and
stuff or anything all right good night
guys bye oh and I forgot is a little
bonus if you guys missed the drunk
gaming episode where I was actually in I
kick some butt too
yeah you can click right here on this
little box it'll take you right to it if
you haven't seen it yet go watch it if
you've already seen it watch it again
you might actually catch some things
because there's four of us myself
Justin Ali and dev so yeah go check it
out guys
that's killed
yes
with trippy
be an ally don't forget Zoey Marley
