I always feel like I can touch my brain
when I'm doing this one of the doctors
always tell you don't think small on
your pinky in your ear like yeah I know
right you're gonna put a bead in there
what's the word look like a fear
irrational fear but I when I do this
when I I know you're not supposed to use
these things for stories I've know how
it was going here but when you do this I
can't be near anything or if anyone
walks near me I'd like a karate chop him
because I I don't know what it just
imagined I just right into your brain
just think about like when Danny takes
his drumstick and goes right through a
drumhead just threw you do your eardrum
wouldn't it be kind of funny if like you
your drum was actually like the shape of
a snare check it for squirrels yeah
little sooner today they're all sleeping
I'll get them blue so remember yesterday
showed you guys the candle fail this is
how you get it just FYI use a credit
card and that's a pain and you just
scrape it off with a credit card now you
know a few guys were like oh boy that
candle stuff isn't coming off by golly
it does alright senior spoiled what the
other one go oh there there you go she's
going through the trash
just did that over here we are sitting
here just go in for another look she is
policy I want to see what she's gonna do
this is kind of interesting it's like
observing a wild animal she said I'm not
it I'm loving involved her whole head is
in there now Marley get out of there go
crap oh crap you are in big trouble it's
on camera dude stopping she thought they
were saluted on the ground back there
cuz i go over trouble nope okay keep
going I swear that was Zoe what are you
doing out there nothin don't your no no
you're in trouble I saw you the whole
internet sorry you're not sneaky
although you're very quiet I'll give you
props for that so when you're not in
trouble okay they're both really strange
today
so during the project for awesome they
made a calendar right the men of YouTube
right than mine I want to show you mr.
6e Charles okay well that took was a
October yeah mr. October a look at that
oh my god you guys remember that day
look like how complete gel dude would
you see he's about get an appraisal do
you shall do but look at it I've
mastered the awkward smile and
everything like you gotta go like it's
got a push-up kind of like that yeah mr.
October right there all right mr.
October no no it's always October in
this household always October in this
household pep talk okay you guys are
clean no rolling anything please no no
rolling in anything keep an eye on her
okay use your radar ears I think I
literally blinked for a half a second I
turn around yep she's rolling in poop
even after our pep talk I think she
knows I'm leaving maybe that's why thank
you for being good it's brown and your
brown right now it keeps getting the
ball in and losing it in the ground like
it can't see it all right today's
mission is to fix this blasted beeping
thing okay get it beeping cuz it beeps
you get it you get my joke this is a
beeper and fire yeah huh oh I'm gonna
sue
they stole my logo okay i just looked at
this and this is radioactive on here
should i be holding this maybe not is
this how I'm gonna get my superpowers
whoa okay here let me ask you guys in
the comments right now if I became a
superhero from a smoke detector what
would my super pit the superhero power
be I would just be able to sniff out
fires deep tech company comments if
somebody got their super powers from a
smoke detector what do you think they're
they're super powers would be I would
hope they would be awesome because I'm
holding this now these are my favorite
light bulbs they're like vintage style
yes I'm lame like that and I have a
favorite light bulb wait voice alarm
fire fire fire fire get the cow fire
William Shatner there is a fire in your
vicinity I was really really bad how do
i do your Christopher Walken of smoke
dear Christopher Walken as a smoke
detector we are weel weel that works too
no like if you were asking me what fire
alarm talks
excuse me your house is on fire you
should probably get out now I do the
worst Christopher Walken like ever waka
waka waka walking walking walking all
right so apparently there's another
wired one here what did I guess it
doesn't work so we got another one to
replace so we got this one that's voice
activated it literally yells fire when
there's a fire so I guess now maybe the
dogs won't be so scared what you're
gonna get electrocuted I don't mean a
turn free because blacks usually bad
right you don't usually want to touch
black set it I thought black was hot
nope still we got power still stuff
power up up up up we're good that's it
all right now we're gonna put it up here
gonna make sure the guitars protect ever
got the bracket this by far has got to
be the easiest thing I've ever installed
in my life what's the point of have it
what's the point of satsang fire fire
there's like no way i could hear that ah
geez add 10 years 11 323 holy crap 2023
that should even it just seems like
unbelievable all right what are you
doing did you turn the breaker off over
here Genesis Buick better if I didn't do
it more fun no that is not that's
dangerous yeah ah I you're not even
here's the best part is I always just
fell off just joking or
funny would it have been at the prank or
that it was electrical shock but he
actually found like Brooks face oh he
would so I have good news guys so
remember that drunk gaming we did I
don't know how long ago I guess made a
week a week and half ago was with myself
and then dot F Justin and Ally we played
a special game suggested by you guys I'm
editing it right now so by the time this
video is done you should be able to
watch it on Ali's channel which is
youtube.com slash Ali make sure to check
it out because it's a little bit
different than the other drunk gaming's
its first time I've ever done it and I
kind of want to do more so please go
check it out and see but i gotta finish
it now I'm kind of frantically working
cuz we're going to try to go do
something for justin's birthday tonight
and I'm not frantically trying to get it
done what are you doing oh she lost her
Kate she lost her cake do-over still my
logo you know phony I know you was gonna
snitch on us missing ah James Gandolfini
like in another movie way just plays
Tony Soprano oh oh we got about my
mother coupling care about it hey
computer later that would seriously that
was seriously wake me up look it goes
down if you stop so if you fall back
asleep it will keep going and I would I
wish what is that doing what what is
this doing if you're out those clothes
it's not that I mind off it TV's on the
ground now I've seen everything
my tattoo twice I did it again I smacked
him right on the tattoo like time all
right so we're trying to find the funny
bone right now bone all right no it's
right the nerd my smartphone itami then
it's a bum but I'm gonna hit I'm gonna
hit this right here there's like I'm
telling you it's more as a tendon right
there but I'm gonna aim for the bum i'm
gonna go through the tendon and hit the
bone okay I'd say I could feel it no
yeah okay wish wish sire but that's kind
of our everything where's Hank as you go
straight to that I just it hurts where
it all began okay now i'm just gonna
check your reflexes okay this thing
looks like a landline by the time it's
done healing just finished it you're
pretty bad actually so i just finished
it is probably one of our favorite ones
Justin and Ally just watched it it's
amazing because our friends are in its
Charles is in it and they are so much
funnier than I am anyway so yeah it's on
Ali's channel I'll put a look at the end
of the video but I just let them watch
it I did a preview I did a preview of
the video baby I need to watch it like
eight times because I need to watch each
of the game screens and each of the
people i put anyway I gotta go to bed
because tomorrow is going to be a bunch
of packing and I hate packing so much
today see your face today's secret
phrase is screw packing no you're gonna
go lay down taffy good night that your
friends either phrase is going to be
packing Shh can't you trying to reach I
don't know
I'm gonna breathe slow it kind of
chuckle oh I think
gave you the goal
see what you did
it's coming up yardley waiter
where's easy at sexy
giddy with y'all trippin
the worst beauty
with Trippi married don't forget
sweetheart
