zowie quick behind you it's a red
monster yeah a little tutu action going
you know they pretty much give you these
cookies every single time of it
it smells like what's that smell it's
like it's like barbecue potato chips
this is like look you know I can't tell
if this headache is from drinking too
much coffee or too little coffee
come on you better indianajones this you
don't have much time
you completely missed it the boulder got
you she's like oh my god there's a lady
coming let me around come in hurry so I
woke up this morning and I was imagining
it was gonna be even more miserable than
yesterday because usually in Florida
when the cold fronts come they usually
last for a couple days but now it's back
to eighty degrees it's going on like
come on guys hurry up no rush
make sure to walk on the path
I know I've come to the park a lot it's
kind of feels like deja vu lately last
couple days I'm only home for I think I
leave in like two or three more days for
a whole month
I think month and a half I think is
seven seven almost two months actually
I'm just gonna miss kind of like going
to the park and just kind of relaxing
you know letting the dogs run around and
so it's a good place for let me clear my
mind you don't I mean so I definitely
appreciate you guys putting up with a
little bit of redundancy or repetition
on certain days just because I'm just
trying to like suck it all up you know
what I mean just like try to take it all
in as much as I possibly can because you
know what I'm gonna miss my bitches but
don't be sad because it's going to be an
amazing amazing adventure we saw the
tour bus looks awesome you guys will see
it soon I'm gonna be so many awesome
CTFxC airs on this tour I will be
playing silly awesome shows see so many
awesome cities I'm pumped I am pumped
you guys ready for the 2013 euro
invasion tour I just made that up that's
actually not the name of the tour what
is the name of the tour I don't even
know I guess it's something I should
probably look up do you guys know does
anyone know what the UK and the Europe
tour we're the King tours called if you
do tell me in the comments yeah you've
been probably gonna miss that Marley
what are you doing that's a classy
looking dog you even got little boots oh
hi
that's really funny to me they're both
just walking the path they won't stray
from it nope nope get back on the path I
got him I got him I got him I gonna be
be you go away you go away by the door
all the window well somewhere still stay
in here don't know go down there be
where did it go when you guys don't know
but I totally just saved your lives
yeah don't don't don't think there
anything do you think they need a car
wash you didn't even think that was
funny
you're not funny for 10 seconds though
my tattoo is on day three I guess so I
need to switch to lotion I have this
aquifer which is what everyone suggests
to use but um I got too much of it so I
need to switch for a lotion so it's
healing nice full bars okay yes what
okay Charles always teases me because I
never know the names we're in the tattoo
parlor the entire time you kept asking
me what man is this do you know man this
is no any of that she could get dead
kennedys I didn't know what Operation
Ivy you didn't get Sex Pistols those are
easy Berber ayahs California always
California okay
Luba do but none of it I can't do that
big I need I need a like a airplane
version so don't take it away from me so
you either get this tiny version or this
giant version it's way too much this we
have to leave soon baby one crucial
decision because this is the stuff that
I have to bring with me yeah okay
all right quit mocking me
it's like every single time I get ready
for Tori I was bringing you guys on this
aisle I gotta get it gotta get it gotta
get get get get em kid I can't have
stink breath when I talk to CTX ears
okay especially the ladies oh you guys
want to know a funny story it took until
about I think halfway through walk tour
until I realized I've been washing my
hair with body shampoo half the tour
half the tour and then Scott Scott asked
me if he could borrow my shampoo I gave
him that he's like this is body wash
yep and the award for the most clever
yet confusing clock just just hold that
right there
oh that's right how long do we go
farther now hold on Oh
your lines up that was pretty close such
a douche yes please
surprisingly that's not very good good
work who
suck the last couple days because I
can't sweat other ones you literally
could sweat out a tattoo so I know your
love handles are showing more so you
really know what school the skateboard
in I haven't been able to run like three
days and it's been killing me I feel so
lazy okay come on Riley mush no no yeah
it takes OE in front of me I wish to
show run man
I'm gonna hang ten you stop now
hanging ten and I'm not moving hanging
ten
I am very much enjoying this nut I am
very much enjoying this nut - please do
not watch me you are creepy
Zoe you ran in yeah I might poop who
knows and off they go
which ones break we're so cute dog wets
my knee are you enjoying yourself
squirrel squirrel that's a squirrel all
right come on who's first come on
who's first let's go kids we gotta get
your jackets on freakin cold out now
okay hold on all right weird jackets Zoe
do you want to be a turtle you get your
snazzy jacket on alright alright I found
my waffle beanie still so stretched out
so we went for a nice little night walk
I think Marley was thoroughly bored
because there was no squirrels anywhere
so yeah man what what is up with that no
squirrels are they sleeping you guys
want to see a total fail so this one of
these stupid new candles that we just
got right I went to blow it out but it's
so tall with the wax went everywhere
just everywhere candle fail I just got
the weirdest craving for Grinch balls
let me clarify those are spinach balls
not the Grinch's balls st. spinach all
of a sudden I was watching the wedding
crashers and that was like you know what
it'd be really good to have some Spanish
balls right now
good for any occasion I would really
like some waffles to go with my waffle
hat but we don't have anything did you
bring me an extra brain cell well think
or you rip the eyes off that doesn't
mean no good here gonna give Zozo an
extra brain cell there you go
extra brain Silver's only why don't you
just crap
I think spinach is what I would imagine
Slimers poop to look like wait does
anyone know who sliver is please for the
love of God please tell me you know who
slime right oh god you fell it's like
would you eat this would you guys if I
fed you this right now oh that's still
hot but I fed this to you right now will
you eat it this goop oh it will be
delicious when I'm done sir ma'am last
time we're on squirrel patrol right now
we we patrol the streets when you guys
are sleeping to make sure the squirrels
don't get you Marley and Zoey are ready
so what you're afraid of
you know the monster under your sheets
and stuff like that no you got to worry
about the monster squirrels that these
guys take care of drive them with the
knees
such a nice relaxing way to end a night
I did I swear did not fart right now
that was not a fart that was me moving
see watch see alright I guess that works
I am going to drive home and kind of
pass out it's been kind of a stressful
day it's kind of because you know we
finally I always talked to the camera
the the iPhone because I always think is
it alight I should talk to that I just
finished doing the recording and if that
was taking up so much my time my free
time and it's kind of nice to just kind
of relax
drive around so for tonight's secret
phrase it's gonna be I want I want you
guys to write wacky waving inflatable
arm to man as many times as you possibly
can in the YouTube comments cuz I know
there's a cap in the text just keep
doing as many times as you possibly can
in one text yeah so that's that's the
secret phrase for tonight stop
nope no no no where you going I'm
leaving see you guys Lou look for
squirrels
wait
worse yet
giddy with child tripping
with Gianelli don't forget so anymore
