yeah you're so hipster we get it so do
you guys remember you know if you ever
carpool or if this was you if you were a
procrastinator the kid doing the
homework in the car on the way to school
right there right there
he's totally bad kid he does the kid
doing the homework in the car 30 minutes
before class starts what you
procrastinators I would practice it No
did you tell my kids the car that was
probably me and I think that was Ali was
a gigantic procrastinator I still am
sometimes and it bites me in the ass I
just wanna make sure with the windows
and it's just like you probably looks
like I'm I'm like your personal musician
instead of a stereo you're just having
musician in the background
holy crap that would be amazing instead
of like an actual like radio you just
hire a bear oh my new album we're gonna
auction off three sessions would we the
kings in the back of your car as you
drive around alright so we're here at
boyce avenue studio this is Adam he's
helping us out last minute and uh nice
they have a nice little setup there and
that's really it so I need to get a
little sound
yeah just like something in my office
cuts really okay and it sounds so clean
in here yeah it's really nice they're
renovating this whole place and it's
freaking nice nice setup was awful he's
helping us last minute and the blacks
from Boise ever said I'm sorry I'm just
distracted I need to record this really
quickly what are you guys using to tune
the guitar
we used the phone is better than Pro
Tools so there's a know Steve Jobs
that's a wrap I want to say thank you to
Adam for helping us out right there and
the Boyce Avenue guys for allowing us to
use their newly renovated Stu although
the renovating studio I should say this
place is gonna be pretty sick when
they're done but um yeah so base
traction
spiral staircase you like that like that
you know a studio is awesome when
there's a spiral staircase looks like
the base tracks are done then they are
done I have the Adam is going to kind of
get it all together we ascended up to
Blake and Travis in LA yeah I'm pretty
pumped these tracks are done they're
gonna go do all that kind of fun stuff
but then I think after we get back from
Europe we're all gonna fly back out
there we're all gonna do the little bits
and pieces that are missing it's kind of
like it's not really demo see it's so
interesting how like everyone Coley is
doing his stuff in Connecticut they're
in LA I'm here in Florida Danny's I
don't know where Danny is eventually if
you guys see Danny let him know we're
trying to find him but it's kind of cool
that we can all do that in different
places and we don't necessarily all have
to be in the same area until we want to
really master everything because
technology why fine we're gonna get
Wi-Fi wherever I go now and guess what
it's a private network though so people
can't just get free Wi-Fi they can't
just jump on my arm we get free Wi-Fi 64
bit encryption guys so WEP encryption
now you don't get the better side even
though I need to tell Ally the password
you don't get the password this is
nobody's jumping on my Wi-Fi that way I
get speedy laughs wherever I go that's a
real reason I really honestly thought
who says this isn't for bars
you just think this is this like design
have led like surface things like that
do they have Siri keep it oh my gosh I
have an idea and whenever you're like
whenever your arm is picking up Wi-Fi
line up but seriously I want to say
thank you to Adam and the guys for
boyceavenue tell the guys that Boyce
Avenue I think it's Twitter at ease a
veneer on Twitter tell them thank you
okay you're some really great voice cool
boys yes that's what I would you guys
say it that boys happened on Twitter say
Charles are we the kings say thank you
for being nice boys and then see if they
get it
I wonder how many people have made that
joke and they're like okay don't look we
get it the final frontier the coolest
sticker I've ever seen going to the pop
art gonna snitch little smelly about
going to the pop art gonna poop all over
the grass go into the pop Larkin world
I'm give up
come Riley go Marley come on
hi can't be stopped
can't be stopped hi Zoe
every single time we come here it's yeah
I know it's always wrangle Zoe and Marly
time do you guys not want to go play
with the other dogs or you just want to
be here as two different plants let's go
go this is definitely what I needed
after beating in the studio this is so
it's not really what wouldn't say it's
like stressful but it's it's stressful
you know what I mean especially when
you're recording like when you play a
show you can kind of goof up and people
can't really hear it cuz they're having
so much fun and there's so much sound
going on but like when you're recording
an album like you can you could hear
every mistake you mean so it's guys it's
a lot of pressure to make sure it's
perfect cuz you know what I mean
practice makes perfect but nobody's
perfect so practice makes better it
wasn't that the thumbs-up annotation
yesterday so I had Travis and Danny cuz
they're like doing the drums now send
some clips over so I wanted to show you
guys what they're doing over in the
studio over there so this is Travis and
Danny hey guys what's up its Dani from
the studio here in LA Los Angeles
unfortunately I didn't get a lot of me
playing today actually none of it I was
busy working through a bunch of parts of
the song to make sure that the record
sounded amazing for you guys but I did
want to show you this drum set that I'm
planning on it's the sexiest drum set
that I've seen look at this this wood
called koa wood
it's from Hawaii yeah you know that's a
that's a great state there in a way the
normal wood is like maple or birch and
if they have just you know really cool
sounds but this co wood has such a
unique sound to it you know it's only
used for special occasions nobody would
ever take this on tour
Hawaii is kind of known for its sexiness
so starting with that then these rims
are 24 karat gold yeah I said that this
drum set costs about as much as a car
you got a sexy drum set you got some
sexy beats coming out of it on this
record you got a sexy drummer sorry I'll
give you guys another update tomorrow
hopefully I can get some small
I'm not trying to leak the record here
put some small clips of a couple songs
here and there that's the update from la
hope you liked it freaking out all of a
sudden it drops to 60 degrees because
bipolar Florida yesterday was 80 today
is 60 that's normal
global warming isn't a thing Oh see
something we have it steal it back for
me Marley dab it whoa get Marley get
really none of you guys can jump anymore
whoa how do you like this getup it's
kind of cold outside so I decided to
bust out the lid warmers now for all my
hard work today in the studio I'm going
to treat myself to a nice dinner but I
want to try to make something different
so I'm looking on some recipes right now
and see what I can find
but I don't know Hawaiian haystacks
chicken cordon bleu chicken cordon bleu
chair really so after Charles got his
tattoo I figured that he would be the
one who would screw it up like smack it
again something really hard hit it twice
yeah so I was just going out to him
until I give him a kiss on the cheek and
I just grabbed the entire clinching like
the goal of the tattoo I can't believe
you the Collette CEA's person on the
planet
Morris I got full bars Firestone nothing
is bubbling out oh yeah you know what we
need to get a bottle of champagne to
celebrate
all looks the same to me
catch the cheerio make pig noises ready
come on work off those love handles good
catch
okay super slow-mo time this is super
slow-mo it's SuperDuper slow 120 frames
per second
yeah super slow supersu go five so you
only got one is this low mom are at her
fromage for Marsh okay
she was stopping like I want to leave oh
oh
open the door I want to live Wow my
friends but every time I would start she
would stop and look at me like what the
are you doing really go peepee go peepee
run away so I just still making that
freaking noise and you get the cream
paint run Zoey
so yeah it's really hurting my ears man
really hurting my ears can you please
fix it what is going on with you why are
you doing this you are your test of the
house you stop it so I came home to find
my cake half frosted but I decided to
finish it Charles was like you don't put
the whole can of frosting on you have to
it belongs there so I made another cake
for my brother because we were just
doing like his secondary birthday
celebrations this weekend since we
didn't get to do anything in the middle
of the week with our friends Jake what
are you doing it's not your birthday
walk it's a good thing I drove so you
want some celebratory champagne you
ready no okay all right bass tracks are
done go celebrate
that's like a hazard party time I just
wanted to say that I'm so so proud of
Charles today when he did the studio
work he just looked like he's having a
total blast thanks again to the guys
from Boise Avenue for letting us use
their studio that was really really
really nice of you guys I'm gonna make
the secret phrase today I think today
the secret phrase should be we the kings
for because it's their fourth album
that's gonna be dropping in Charles
gonna be on it I'm so excited
love you right
were safely at sucks
giddy with child tripping
where's Katie
with trip in early don't forget Zoey
Marley
