practicing we can hear you you know I
can't hear you say but I got a
practicing did you know that because I
got a record okay wait what what can you
make honey sandwich
why do you have to do if you make me a
sandwich no look at this headgear I just
woke up so I found my key to my
fireproof safe which I don't even use is
like useless but when I opened it up I
found Zoey Marley's adoption papers we
already knew Zoey's birthday was
December 8th but we always thought
Marley well I always thought it was in
February but guess what
it's September 14th so yeah
Zoey's December 8th Marley's September
14th this is when Marley graduated
obedience school Yeah right okay
did I say coffee and cookies and you
heard it or something oh boy wait look
at this Marley don't read this you're
gonna see some confidential stuff
Marley's it Marley sit sit Marley yeah
this thing did nothing okay sit down
and then Zoey graduated June 13 2006 so
we're finding all this Zoey wait you sit
Zoey sick Thursday huh yo so you're
gonna sit when I don't tell you to on
the paperwork that I'm working on that's
how we're gonna play this okay remember
how yesterday I told you I completely
forgot I didn't get coffee like my habit
I broke it didn't have any coffee I
have such a bad headache right now like
such a bad headache I think it's the
caffeine withdrawals I'm like really on
the fence right now like I feel like
part of me wants to break to have it but
then why would I break the habit because
it wakes me up and it's delicious and I
think what it is is like I like the the
process the habit of doing it like going
to get coffee and cookies Brazilian
Marley
you know like walking around with Danny
on tour and just like seeing cities and
towns and stuff like that try to find a
cup of coffee and I think that's why I
like it so much
yeah I was like I was like really trying
I was really trying to make it sound
like I wasn't addicted but I am my name
is Charles and I'm addicted to coffee
it's okay
Casey super doctor well apparently these
two guys are getting pretty popular at
this particular Starbucks they're
getting more and more cookies every
single time this time they got two of
them oh yeah oh I think you got the big
one I'm sorry there you go all right
let's go to head back down prep more
demos playing in the background not
paying attention did I just spit as I
talked actually doing this snake you
know when you got like that it's like
snakes out well I gotta be a little more
careful about letting you guys hear
these Devils looking for squirrels
Marley that one's good yeah that's a
good one I should get this and sneak it
for Ally's they should have like milk
here - we're on our way to the mall but
we have a tat mergency no it's at
mergency irresponsibility ever got my
stupid pointment yeah the fun his
wingman
wink meant I'm like an old man what if
there is environment where there's an
oil make me to PayPal point me less
graphic won't mean that you put on tags
called blinkman this probably is greater
at least least you should see Celine I
think simply just like her has a pair of
shoes but they're all cheers up here I
think that's what they say big your feet
are a bigger your big old feet your size
I think
typical fee hey my shoes John Lennon now
these are you gonna do the peace sign
and everything going down Jack around I
don't know how to do John Lennon coming
out more like creepy Stewie when he's
older what an odd combination well what
is the cherries on ice
it's Jerry's let us know you know we get
this yeah it's good you tell me what it
is I want this one
Oh are they scented or like oil I'm just
mocking you and I want to get this Wow
you're a jerk I'm gonna go smell some
candles you know why who's my favorite
thing ever and I totally love it that's
not a real candle so just what's up
coffee here so you can clear your sense
oh is that what her you know at this
store like burned down I'd probably the
best smelling store like fire ever it
would just be like wow I don't know if
you should put it out it smells so good
here's a fun thing Ali never ever ever
lets me pick up pick the candle ever so
I don't pick the gross one no laughter
awesome that's here I'm gonna pick them
I'm gonna pick the gross Oh country
lemonade baby woman I want a big one
I got one there we go your entire house
smell I smell like lemonade how about
fruit salad I get some fruit salad
that's not good actually I think
how about a South African vineyard
that's very South African
it smells like grape juice the smell
like chloroform that would be the great
Yankee Candle Yankee go ahead Yankee
Candle I'm telling you right now make a
corm candle as a practical joke
only on April Fool's though knowing
you're allowed to have your man candle
no it smells like victory pure victory
I smell first down yes mr. Johnson I'm
very glad that we could complete the
business deal thank you how come joke
scripts or in like little sketches why
don't we always default to the name
Smith or like Johnson or Jones or
something like that they're like a few
names that I feel like they're just
really standard what are you doing I was
just seeing if I could pull off all
right Bruno Mars is it extra ordinary or
extraordinary good yeah those are
weapons you take those off and you beat
someone like that geez okay now Zoe I
gotta clean up the house with the vacuum
so you can't start barking okay okay
let's practice
so Julius remember I think it was a
couple days ago where I was talking
about my Drobo and I was like oh by the
way guys I have something special about
it well I bought one of these just
recently and I talked to the company I
love this thing this is Ahmed from
Caribou Shia if you look right here as
the old version right here and I have
five internal hard drives is basically
much like internal hard drives on it and
it works as like a raid system that's
where all my important video files of
all the vlogs ever all thirteen hundred
and fifty something of the vlogs on that
little guy anyway I just upgraded to get
the newer version so I can have come I
believe it or not I'm running out and I
talked to the company and they said they
would give away a Drobo mini to you guys
for free I've been waiting to show it
you get it welcome to the world of wait
what's the world come to the world of
drove oh that's that's clever packaging
this is not like a paid endorsement
everything like this I just I firmly
believe with this company because I've
lost files in the past and the cool
thing about this guy is each one of
these are hard drives right this is this
is Charles techie talking to you right
now so let's say this hard drive fails
these still backup those those files so
basically it's just like a backup of a
backup type of thing like I've told you
guys before I lost I lost a lot of my
old-time files from the beginning and it
was very very sad and then I discovered
this guy all you got to do is go to the
facebook.com/ slash drove oh and then
ours which is facebook.com slash
internet killed TV make sure to like
both those pages and on the Drobo page
tell us why you want a Drobo mini and
the reason why you have to follow our
facebook is that way I could actually
message you because I'm gonna randomly
go look through the awesome reasons that
you guys have and I'm gonna randomly
pick one of you guys and send you a
Drobo mini for free so I mean if you
guys want some free stuff I just go
informations out there in the video
description you go check it out
make sure like both the pages that way I
can message you and tell me why you guys
want a drove a mini now I gotta
basically get some more hard drives to
back up some more vlogs you get oh wait
got your dinner I mean we get to lose oh
wait don't worry if you have very
valuable things they're definitely
they're definitely an investment but I
highly recommend them like I said I own
two of these things now and they've
saved they've saved files they
definitely save some files in the past
all right I gotta go plug this in I just
wanna say thank you Drobo for doing this
for the CTFxC and uh really nice of you
guys
no I didn't say dodo I said Drobo okay
all right well I'm gonna go over here
now oh yeah do you guys know what this
bread is called so bread from Mexico and
they know that they have it on Day of
the Dead but I don't remember what it's
called I think it's just like a
traditional type of bread in our pastry
or whatever but it is so good I feel so
dumb that I don't remember this I used
to have a lot when I was growing up but
it's so delicious one my favorite kinds
of bread
Oh what are you doing there just hanging
out horse you move right when I start to
record you you ding-a-ling my new is the
new goomar do you feel my father prepare
to die
every time my mom music kiss me so hard
makes me sick
oh my lord thank you for blessing me
actually you know what I'm mostly
distracted by the back of this candles
back here burning and it smell so good
oh it's like one o'clock in the morning
I have to wake up super early and start
recording the bass tracks I have like
eight songs I have to record by tomorrow
by tomorrow I have to have it done by
tomorrow for the new album and secret
phrase tonight you want it is it's gonna
be a tricky one I want you guys to tell
me your favorite smelling candle yeah
you heard me right mine's country
lemonade yeah yeah I got a favorite
candle make one up make it sent up you
know what that's what I want you to do
make up a scent of a candle poop hurry
all right well I gotta get some sleep
for the studio don't worry you guys are
gonna see you tomorrow you just come
back tomorrow you'll watch it oh good I
guess
see what he did
merci psst
with child tripping
with diannemurray don't forget so
anymore
