well today was a pretty incredible day
we are on our way to Orlando because
there's a baby on the way baby on board
oh it's really you baby everything that
you say is reference this is Simpsons
about our business
so Valentina she had said something to
us in the past how she wanted us to be
there when she went into labor with
Carter so Charles and I she went into
labor yesterday but she wanted us to be
there when that moment actually happened
so we gave them their space and decided
to head on up there this morning
Oh behold we forgot that babies take
time and they're on their own they're a
little unpredictable you never know when
they're gonna come so you kind of just
have to wait for them so all the way
driving we got a phone call from Danny
saying that Carter was gonna take a
little bit longer so Danny basically
told us to figure out some things to do
that way we weren't just sitting around
the hospital the entire day so of course
you're starving we had to go to our
favorite place in the world Cracker
Barrel crack crack crack oh babe they go
dude those chairs they always have those
rocking chairs up front so I always have
to go and do what my friends Craig says
it's called ghost chair you just run up
and down doesn't matter if you look
stupid or not and just make it look like
they're supposed to ghosts sitting
outside of Cracker Barrel you guys know
that
everybody look stupid he's laughing or
something I'm waiting for the day that
there's a sign that says please don't go
chair being that we are heading to
Orlando course we have had Disneyworld
and it's obviously right around the
corner so be kind of blasphemous for us
not to actually go to ya know
immediately the first thing we had to do
was walk beeline straight for tower
terror okay here this is actually the
moment I discovered ally has never seen
the movie Cars
you know the Disney movie and she
doesn't know anything about it so we
started playing this game where I was
trying to see if she could guess the
main character I had no idea thoroughly
entertaining well the agency he gave me
hints first the first and the last name
the last name I was like certainly so
hard
is Ryan
okay now what's the tow truck
totally not scared at all
I think it's a rockin roller coaster the
best part is that we were able to walk
right onto the ride there's really no
one there actually almost lost the
camera the camera fell down into my seat
area where my feet were terrible and I
was strapped in so I had to kind of go
and do one of these he's like can you
reach it and I'm sitting there like this
yeah every guy that roller coaster
actually went upside down so just before
we started I went kind of like this and
took a risk I'm just like that and threw
it up with my feet I'd have missed that
shot can we've been gone a long way I
it was what Willie Mays over here guys
oh my god they have Indiana Jones here
I've never seen with the whole Indiana
Jones series would you call the series
trilogy but what we saw at Hollywood too
is is actually pretty rad
and of course before we left one more
time Ali had to go on the Tara Tara
we finally got the call from Danny and
Valentina that it was time for her to
actually push it was actually time yeah
the moment was here yes it was so
obviously we had to leave and we got
into the car and it was like a little
bit of a trip between Disney in the
hospital bus traffic plus traffic which
always makes time really five o'clock
traffic and coincidentally I do not know
why but I had the beanBoozled
like a little box yeah chilling in my
car finally we got to the hospital and
of course Carter was already yet so we
had to kill a little bit more time
sitting in the waiting room so once we
arrived to the hospital a we had to
waste a little bit of time and you are
playing a few games kind of hung out in
the lounge area had some food and you
know play some weird games that Charles
had come up with a couple hours into the
wing room and playing all these games we
kind of got a little bit more antsy and
we thought maybe we should go check out
the hospital walk around the campus it's
actually a really beautiful campus and
just kind of kill some time and just
when we were finishing off our walk we
got the call excited
he was here he was actually here
Valentino just called me she's playing
he's here she's like you guys can cuddle
up Danny just is so happy yeah I'm
literally so happy for them so Danny ran
down grabbed us and took us to see this
beautiful little baby boy that's the new
dad good together Ally get it together
now for the privacy of like Danny
Valentina we weren't going to show any
of baby Carter because that's something
that they're gonna do for the first you
can go check it out on his channel
they're making a beautiful video so
you'll be able to see baby Carter and
soon as they're done so just go check
them out I'll put a link in the
description to their Channel and you can
see baby Carter we didn't really want to
be the ones to introduce into the
internet world just yet because mommy
and daddy it's so great to be able to
find out in that one thing I will tell
you though that I thought was so funny
with Valentina is that poor girl and
even Danny they had very little sleep
and she hadn't ate really what 48 hours
though all she wanted like Danny's like
is there anything I can get you what do
you need when you just want pizza and
all the nurses for like get this girl
pizza right now so Danny was really
awesome when I got her some pizza and
that's what I liked in some of these
clips you're seeing her eat
yeah I got to tell you what she was a
trooper she killed it she's a beautiful
little baby boy Danny is just a moment
that we saw that Danny had absolutely
I've known Danny for mine almost my
entire life now since we were like 14 or
15 years old and I've never seen him
more in love with something it was
beautiful
so obviously today was a very momentous
day and all of our personal history and
just an amazing day all around and we
hope you enjoyed today's video please
don't forget to subscribe and go check
out and wish Danny Valentina a very
happy congratulations
there's a happy congratulations what do
you say congratulations lots of happy
graduations all around we will see you
guys tomorrow as always have a great
night bye guys what are you doin no way
