okay Internet I want to ask you guys
this I've noticed that I do this why is
it blurring because you are an amateur
no as well I thought an amateur at this
vlogging thing is volume thing every
time I wake up in the morning before
checking my email I always mute my phone
as to like not wake up so a Marley and
call attention to them because then they
start whining there's anyone else in the
internet land mute their phone before
doing anything on their phone when they
wake up so thanks how many women knew
this makeup in the car now you're not
driving that is true I'm great let me
put your makeup on while driving what
you're gonna do mind your makeup let me
do her makeup while I'm driving like
this
no I just say that looks like something
from Clockwork Orange does look like a
torture device it does and you're doing
that in the car it's like so like not do
it yet put that on your face it does it
looks like a torture device moment of
truth am I on time please say I'm on
time I'll 4 minutes spare that'd be
really funny if you're like super late
and the tattoo artist like pissed off
and they do something completely wrong
playing Frogger
yeah it's actually a perfect beginning
stages stage save one yeah where to go
this is Dimas
hello I'll be doing this for us so we
read each other never seen anyone go to
it either so I don't know what we said
okay this noise right now we're to the
placement we can figure out when I write
tell me you want to stick with the
colors and choosing colors no I like the
white but you like the light I mean yeah
I do like it or worse it's just perfect
so we start kind of like in the dark
area and then just what would look like
that
yeah just like that so we're selecting
the colors right now of all these
options gonna mix them together and
we're gonna try to get that and there's
the gun
or the needle how many times does that
go up and down in a minute or like a
second even I'll show you
comfortable yeah I'm still pickin up or
now what are your final over people the
noise is the most like that is the noise
is so
I actually remember that yeah it's fine
I'm not feeling yeah it's kind of like
if you take a try give you like an
example hold on really think about it
like the best equivalent would be like
taking a needle and putting it in your
arm really fast
real original description it didn't hurt
too bad until you get to a certain
section of your pinching like a loop
instead like a player pinch that we are
not good at creating analogies about
what touch is feeling it's like when you
prick yourself with a safety pin how but
over and over again I'm purposely put
that yes
they came up with a couple of good
analogy
Dima said it's like being some baby and
just yelling over here said it was like
bye believe
he's on the color now and I can tell
like it was on that one needle like this
for the liner and then oh that's not a
cell to go like that nobody don't you
can definitely feel the difference does
a different kind of cool in there so
cool that color is so awesome thank you
oh I'll break down right I'm like that
but honestly the best way to describe it
is the sunburn thing
yeah sunburn thing yeah so far the ball
is finished with the shading which is
awesome looking and then he's gonna put
white for that I gotta get a Mac look at
how awesome that look it looks so cool
wait I see something look at bubbling
it's gonna push the ink out how you
holding up
this was the original weird thing about
doing that to keep it symmetrical the
other one we've opted out good okay did
the big reveal all right we gotta back
up a little bit there we go man it looks
so great it's gonna take a while to like
heal itself a little bit yeah the change
over time and that's so cool
and I am done I am saran wrap I am saran
wrap right now and now I'm hungry that
took about about three hours three hour
show what you guys now cuz it's still
like it's like seeping and stuff like
that and it's kind of red but I will
show it to you guys to get is that
lovely is that see when I told all my
sleeping chair to but yeah his name was
uh the guy who did it his name is Dima
and awesome guy awesome guy I put his
link down there in the video description
if you want to check out his work or if
you're in the area and you want him to
tattoo you he's an awesome dude so check
that out you know what I should I feel
like I should
getting the ice-cream not you right now
huh yes I want it for my pain good holy
Sh you know what today guess what is the
first day you know I don't how long like
I have not had coffee at all no coffee I
feel so weird right now
maybe it's just the endorphins from like
when they're like the needle going in
the arm or something woke me up and now
I'm tired
well first order of business before
getting on a plane tomorrow morning is
get a coffee turner it wasn't gonna take
the dogs as a park you kind of play with
everybody and we're literally the only
people here now now it's just a nice
creepy park that's cool just a creepy
park no big deal
what were you doing what were you doing
mr. Boyer wasn't doing what you think I
was doing you opened your food area you
brat
how'd you do that I'm over here editing
and all of a sudden here's all this
noise and then I look down Zoe's next to
me then of course I think where's Marley
obviously she opened the door well we
have some news it looks like I am NOT
going to LA tomorrow which is kind of
cool because Oh what was gonna end up
happening I was gonna go to LA come home
for a day and then go straight up to
your for a couple of a couple months I
guess it is and so this way what we're
gonna do is since we're still in the
demo stages see as I talk to you guys
for voice Avenue and I'm gonna use their
the recording studio and snake is going
to help engineer the bass tracks then
we're gonna send these demo tracks out
to LA and then that way I get to stay
home and make this is my first wash of
the new tattoo okay how many toys did
you bring on the couch right here no
this was you know my day toy
why - you said you were gonna do is bend
your elbow when you show people up I am
so pumped
Dimas did an amazing job at this thing
it's so cool because the reason why I
chose the tattoos that I always have
this one right here is my first band
this one is the first punk rock band and
now this one is you guys the internet
CTFxC YouTube that listen past seven
eight years I'm really pumped about it
came out so good and I feel like that's
the cool thing boy yeah I'm gonna break
your bamboo that's a fun thing as the
cow how many times Ali says awesome
you're go to where it is pumped or
stoked
stoked I say alright yeah it's true and
I feel like this is the cool thing about
tattoos is it doesn't tattoos don't
necessarily have to mean anything for me
they they do there has to be a meaning
for them and that's what I think is so
cool about of it something is like a
memory and I know that people out there
are like you know tattoos are gross you
know what do you what are you gonna look
like when you're old and to that I say
this is what I'm gonna look like when
I'm old I'm so yeah the tattoos not
gonna be my problem we worry about
wrinkled skin liver spots and crap like
so yeah that's just my point you know
what I mean like you don't worry about
being old and dating all weird with your
tattoos think about the 4050 years you
know with them I don't know I'm just
pretty pumped on it and you know it's
probably one of those things I'll
probably get more for every stage of my
life I have ideas I have more ideas and
what happy to get to share with you guys
I hope you guys enjoyed it so now every
time I look at my arm even if I'm not on
the internet I will always have the
internet with me say say today's secret
phase I want to know if you have a
tattoo what it means
so tell me the comments tell me what you
have what
if you don't have a tattoo but you want
to tattoo tell me what it is and what it
means to you and if you don't have a
tattoo and this video has made you want
one talk to your mom or dad first please
no Alec if you want to tattoo go get go
get it and then when her parents ask to
say Allie said it was okay Mobb dad
Allie said it was fine
who the fuck is out so yeah I look
forward to reading all those in the
comments and any guesses on what my next
ones are going to be any guesses
wait
worse yet
giddy with y'all trippin
through it with Dirty Harry
