come on guys let's get coffee and
cookies come on really
I said coffee and cookies and you're
just laying there want a cookie
yeah if you put it right in my mouth oh
you dick come on says though let's go
get coffee and cookie so that Marley see
you later
coffee and cookies all right we're
really going we're really gonna go come
on let's go without it
what up where did you come from so I
choose me my tea I really want to go now
oh yeah I'm sorry I disturbed you
yo you in the back thank you
what an odd smell they're doing like
lawn everywhere it's like lawn day I
guess cuz Tuesday and everything smells
like pencil shavings you know like those
like old-school brown pencil shaving leg
shavers or what are they pencil
sharpeners and like classrooms and stuff
like that
they were pretty much like the standard
it was the brown one the one that's like
like it's totally quiet everyone's
taking you know a really important exam
and all of a sudden somebody breaks a
pencil then it's just feels like doesn't
it but every single time yeah so you
know - got your Zoey tried to steal -
girl was like could I give it to him I'm
like all right yeah so it's like she
came to Zoey's always like delicate and
then Marley so distracted and she tried
to give it to Marley and so he just goes
like really slow like looked at the
girls like that's cool right oh my god I
don't know if you guys can see this but
I think Santa's big is stalking me
maybe creepy Santa so today I'm kind of
like I'm pulling the trigger I think I'm
gonna go to the tattoo shop and I'm
gonna schedule an appointment to get a
new tattoo I've been I've been wanting
to get like the brain slow tattoo but I
opted not to do it because I thought
about it for a little bit more and it's
like I don't want to get something to
make me remember like remember it you
and I mean so I was good I was thinking
and I was thinking and I'm thinking for
a long time now I decided that this is
what I want to do draw it it's gonna be
really crudely drawn but you'll get the
idea I'm gonna do that I'm gonna get
well way better than this what are you
doing typing nope I'm watching a cat
write on a Roomba and as she goes by the
dog she swats at it so this is what I
want to do I want to get a Wi-Fi logo
that way it represents all the time that
I've spent on the internet the CTFxC in
archaeal television
everything is encompassed into this any
what the cool thing is probably like 10
years this one this will be obsolete
which will be really cool I'll have like
a retro thing so that's that's kind of
what I want to do and I feel like this
is going to be the best representation
of what I've been doing for the last
eight years online you know what I mean
so we're making adjustments oh yeah
that's good make the triangle one that's
that one right there and then one is
just three it's one two and then the
triangle and then I was thinking maybe
like Alison thinking it was four bars
and it's only three on the Apple it's a
dot and two lines then Ali suggested
doing the circle that way like matches
that one yeah which is I think a pretty
good idea because I want to put it like
here's this one and then I want to do it
on this arm on the back so that way the
circles match no this is awesome this is
one of many coming it's so funny that
like like my mom never told me I wasn't
allowed to get a tattoo but she like
doesn't well she doesn't want me to do
it she's not like against me let's get a
Wi-Fi logo on your forehead right there
I can upside-down wife a logo tear drop
so Zoey keeps coming up to me and she's
hitting like she's hitting the balance
on your
she keeps going up and she goes and this
is no way it just keeps going
excuse me excuse me excuse me
Zoey what do you know crap
I'm ready to spell it's Zoey Marley's
yearly vaccination time he's so nice to
you though he makes you healthy nice
bars like I don't really care
Oh Zoey don't shake
Marly uses a rock star look at you
really yeah let's go come on go hi go
hide some Marley is asleep
Zoey's always so frantic and Marla is
always like very like like very planning
stages she's like oh okay I see a little
crack over here I'm gonna just slide
that over and she's just like of the
door shut and then this one cool as a
cucumber over here
well we found out Marley's got a little
bit of love handles right here i you
know i don't get it she goes like two
miles a day too and she still got little
love handles and so we on the other hand
is perfect perfect wait just got done
with the vet both dogs are extremely
healthy Marley's got a little bit of
love handles so that means we have to
run a little bit more healthy checkup
now they're happy
this race is pretty sick they should get
that weight on my back so the
appointment is booked tomorrow I will be
getting a tattoo are you gonna get that
- did you tell him you tell me what
you're getting Ali is getting a giant
butterfly on her forehead getting your
face on my back what's talked to the guy
we came up with a couple ideas some
renders colors and all this fun stuff so
I'm pretty excited so I'll have it
tomorrow by the time you watching this
video I probably already have it so
check my Twitter or Instagram whichever
one I favor that day that is cool that's
a new house until it rained why is it
leaking there's something that's gonna
probably give me a lot of flack and I
know Ali gets angry okay so Jackson five
Jackson five lead singer how old was eat
Michael Jackson then like fifteen six
okay even more of my point everyone like
Jackson five adults kids everyone right
wouldn't it be equivalent to now if
Justin Bieber at age twelve was in a
group and then adults kids everyone
listen to Justin Bieber it was accepted
if I may interject any wishes the
Jackson 5 it was a Jackson family the
Jackson family it was a so would be like
so it would be like five Bieber's the
music was amazing that's what I'm saying
like it's crazy how the music industry
has changed because it was essentially
like listening to Kidz Bop back then
not what amazing music but it was
amazing
would you see what I'm saying no does
anyone get what I'm trying to say I'm
not saying I'm not saying Jackson 5 is
bad I think they're awesome I just think
it was funny that everyone liked a kid
singer that's what I was saying that
that'd be like everyone liking selena
gomez when she was 15 yeah I think also
like burped out and broke that mold yeah
that's true like he was just a force he
was a force to be reckoned pop culture
and I think that before that there had
been a child artist that was really
respected in that way and I think that
like his talent and his ability to like
be such a good was like oh I don't know
because they're just as good as anybody
else yeah so here's a fun little story I
don't know if I've ever told you guys
this I think the reason why Zoe likes
this thing so much is when I was in
college I was a projectionist you guys
know that I was I used to make movies
that would be the pretty guy up in the
projector starting all the movies and
stuff like that I'd always go to school
and then I'd go do that and I come home
run the dog in my braid get home like
two or three in the morning and I
couldn't really take them anywhere this
was before no this was before you you
weren't even existence yet so I decided
to get a laser and I would take her out
back behind my apartment complex at the
time and I would literally just go back
and forth at 2:00 or 3:00 in the morning
maybe for 10 minutes and then she'd be
so tired and that's how Zell he stayed
in shape when I was working the wee
crappy hours in college Zoey the red
nosed doggy had a very shiny nose so
this is what I got sent to me today I
could get free prepaid cremation I would
have to say this is probably the most
effed up piece of mail junk mail that
I've ever gotten
Wow birthday dinner you ready for this
no it's Yeti right by it is the loudest
Blakelock beat it's so embarrassing
it's like everybody know that I just
locked my car everyone it is officially
hate Ali's car yeah I was the one
driving it though I don't think my
seatbelt even works oh thank you kind
sir
eat I'm gonna get a steak you get a crab
tops take the crab you can get enough
and it's a meat sauce so you get all
three meats and alleys well there's only
three types of meat
I meant like the main like chicken fish
tank
wait wait you and your brother got the
same thing exactly would really anyway
you would use I went on you want odd
same thing look at that the speeds off
think alike in the family
do some jogging anyone get the bag
cats in the bag guys the cats in the bag
who let the cat oh I let the cat out of
the bag
how do I get back in this bag wait
Justin is how old I get out hanging out
it's called midnight squirrel patrol is
very crucial and the protection of the
American public Marley and Zoey never
never stop looking for squirrels protect
you guys
when you guys are sleeping Zoey Marley I
protect you from squirrels does it know
that Oh father say it mom
oh they're not chasing a friend did wish
Justin a happy birthday in the comments
so can you see that
yes
with y'all trippin
with Dirty Harry
so anymore
