so I just ran couple my house just come
back to the house no water so I'm stuck
drinking seltzer water
I'm usually a really big fan of seltzer
water
I call it bubbly well you don't have any
actual water I'm gonna use one for a run
and you're kind of out of breath it's
not something you want to dry oh maybe
if I shake it and flatten it oh I should
take this thing to a car wash so last
night that was hard at work I learned
seven out of the question mark songs
that are gonna be on the new album
I say question mark and you just don't
know yeah we Travis keeps writing a
bunch of stuff and we keep learning all
the songs that we keep getting all the
demos for bottom line is I learned seven
of them so far kind of just getting
ready because I could leave in a couple
days I gotta go to the recording studio
then it'd come back home for a couple
days and then go out for Europe by the
way there are still a couple tickets
left a lot of the places I've sold out
for the Europe tour we leave through
January through February go to we the
kings music.com slash tour I'll put a
link down there in the video description
get your tickets CTFxC I want to see a
bunch of you guys out there and CTFxC
shirts and stuff like that but we are
going all over Europe again for the
guests will be a third time
within a year which is gonna be really
awesome we're not hitting every place
that we really want to because we have
to come back home finish the record and
then go back out on tour but make sure
to go check out the tour dates links in
the description get your tickets and I
really really hope to see a bunch you
guys out there supporting CTFxC
supporting Lee the Kings I am so stoked
to get back out there cuz some of the
tour dates were when my my brain my
brain noggin thing was in there
I missed a couple of like Italy and
stuff again Portugal what's going on
what do they do get the water I want to
try this ginger beer now don't do it did
it is horrible was it like ginger ale
yeah for a second and then it's like
fire is it alcohol like oh okay you need
to go sorry bored attention please
it's not alcoholic just wait a second
isn't that awful it burns it burns like
fire it's like it's like oh okay I get
it so II will take you out
I shouldn't be Maddie you know it's like
bad you sure don't check it again ginger
ale ginger ale ginger Oh fire fire why
and it's not like fire like here it's
like fire right here okay okay
hit your Bell great they're tired that's
a weird
that's a weird taste weird burn so it's
the beginning of the year and before we
leave for tour I got a you got to get
all the tax information I hate I hate
taxes II hate it
but this this right here is information
this is all health information from just
the brain surgery now I'm not even
kidding look how thick this is
look at that it's like a frickin book
it's like a Harry Potter book right
there unbelievable and I don't know do
be do we ever like tell you guys what I
think what the total is that we got up
to before we had the the pool or the bet
or the guessing game I should say on how
much it would actually cost how do we
actually get a final number yet maybe by
the end today's video I'll have a final
number after I go through all this stuff
but if you guys haven't done it right
now so this is beginning of the video in
the comments below
type how much you think thank God for
insurance that that brain surgery cost
uh you might want to be careful I think
we found some yetis there Marley good
guy hello monster you are very soon
you're huge
all right Marley let's go before they
eat you I also always have to say hi to
these guys hey buddy don't make that all
you woke up your buddy be nice you just
found out that there's a little puppy
and is a complete fluff ball what kind
of dog was that tiny 11 week old puppy
and no one wanted it it went to three
different homes it just came over and
its whole body
it's like googling and shaking it was
like so cute it was like just put in my
frigate ball dude over here you're
forgetting it goes over here where does
this go where do I put it
oh it goes over here I'm confused I
don't where does this food go does it go
here okay no you idiot it goes over here
oh it goes over here okay so then what
do I do do I put it in this no no you
idiot goes hey guys that's for like that
Charles a national carrier and guess
what I got for me so I know you haven't
seen much of me today main reason is
because I've been practicing I really
want to make sure everything's perfect
when I go and record you know we got it
we got to go triple platinum guys
remember I want to have that tour bus
with a kitchen in it so man I miss my
white bass I don't know where I actually
I have no idea where my red one from
walked or or my white one is I have no
idea whatever it is or if it's being
shipped to Europe right now tomorrow
all right yellow sorry why not today is
actually my brother's birthday January
15th is Justin's birthday so your guys
is today my tomorrow yeah there we go
so he's going to be having a the most
delicious ice cream cake ever we are on
our way to go in piccata she loves ice
cream cake so we're going to get that
for him pretty low-key stuff for family
birthdays but it's really nice to just
be able to sit and hang out and
celebrate have
biers have some ice cream cake that
sounds like a terrible combination I
cannot believe that he would see 26
that's crazy
we got Justin's cake but we totally
broke down and we got ice cream
what is it vanilla soft caramel sauce
omelette dipped in chocolate she's
gotten that since like how what happens
like the 70s ceramic forever I always
get an Oreo cheese going it's my
favorite thing in the world do it again
I am in the other room and I was like
why do we have a French person in the
house analysis you're talking to Zoey
come on why you embarrassed do it oh no
real frenchie ah but again oh I would
have do really bad French I like
impressions until you do it the right
way
burger crucial homage yeah oh hey dr.
Zoey Zoey for marsh Billy Watson for
marsh listen for marsh Marley she's
she's correct
I don't think so probably not I think
you're right no too much oh good for
mice for mice everything's for my's I
want to go to the Thermage good it for
much did you charge your for mice good
for margining in the house what are you
doing
this is baby stuff yes it's definitely
backwards I mean no that's right there's
a hole right here yeah you're almost
there keep going now you're almost there
just just pull a little bit more down
it's backwards
is this the armhole why are they getting
no it's right here I can see it oh it's
not bad oh really isn't backwards there
you go okay on second thought that's
definitely backwards no wait sideways
welcomes you how did you put down
sideways the armholes only go left and
right like a human arms for watch it's
like a lantern
it's my lantern hoody a lantern a
lantern no it's not going to the bees we
haven't been to the bees and years the
bees
we're gonna meet up with my family my
and my uncle are in town so we're gonna
go out yeah
get the cool trippy then you got B is
down here and then we got to bring it up
to here so we just met up with my aunt
Joanne my Uncle Bob and my dad over here
by the way my Anna is great like green
beans this is my dad negotiating all
right so Dennis is busted out this guy
is this the Atari all right what is this
call this is a 2600 right there old
school look at this everyone's played
this on their cell phones
they're Nokia's guys this is far cry 4
okay what's going on when you die you
die that means you died then you have to
physically do it that's so funny yeah
that makes it wider
this frog this is the original the code
literally says you know what's funny
about this game it's a chicken crossing
the road at least so why does the
chicken cross the road we always thought
it was a chicken I don't know what the
fuck that thing is you were through your
through those cars who's on the right
who's cheating person on the right is
like literally driving through cars is
that you Dennis there's that alley oh
you're like in card
oh no I'll get it this is a circus Atari
and watch the little dude wings crashes
face away Oh Justin old-school video
games to this day I don't think I've
ever played Mario like in beating like I
can beat Call of Duty I could be like
Far Cry meet all those already
old-school games I cannot be the pac-man
any of these games like this game I feel
like old-school games are the hardest
games ever because the developers were
just like maybe some people some people
play guess is that a Christmas candle
yep Hey
what what's going on here cancer and
sent up there also soaking wet what are
you wearing I don't have a towel so I
just wipe them on campus
I live with a maniac I'm clean and I
basically the hands Betty no it's very
clean hands they step you like being on
the pants gross the inside-out pants
better now well how do I work this oh my
god we need to get you a nigga not
stopped being awesome at 3:45 in the
morning
oh you adjust the temperature and then
you go hold temperature until 7:00 a.m.
yes
giddy with child trippy
with with trip in early
