Charles is passed out in the back and a
my mom she's got a flashlight on on her
phone and just reading the directions
and I'm like why you why is your
flashlight on she printed out directions
welcome to mm I don't want to warn ya
I can't there's a roof so this is
Lauren's Maps and this is her GPS enable
phone this is to make sure Ali goes
super fast
that way she can win you think this
would cause a lot of drag but see that's
not how it works and what it does it
just swoops it up and just pushes them
stuff so if you guys didn't know what
the heck we're doing right now Ali and
Lauren are going to be running for I
think three miles and then everyone
throws paint on them hence the name
Color Run you're done that was quick
and you have nothing on you pretty
impressed
everyone's so clean right now the long
walk to the starting line number is
there that many people running wait is
that cheating alright Lauren is 37 275
and I can't remember Ali's remember it's
bad
so what are your preparations for the
run listen to good music jam out the
music in my head you should listen to we
the kings
this is crazy and I'm kicking myself
like I thought I was supposed to leave
for tour that's why I didn't do this and
then of course you got the dates all
switched around and oh well next time
it's Chinese Zoey
Oh
you look like the Hulk
let's go get some people can dream I am
such an idiot
wearing all black
hey you have something on your feet
we're good we're good
and the award for the best outfit I
think I go there
who did that who did that and the
removal process of that tattoo tattoo
the tattoo that's the exotic due to the
tattoos underneath your clean car oh
yeah yeah it's an orange Wow
really blowing your nose minor or engine
green they're supposed to be it's good
that they're they're trapping the stuff
I know that's do you guys ever wonder
why you have nose hairs is to keep the
chalk paint out you guys make friends
with the bikers I pull up to the stop
light all these bikers come by and
they're all like they pull up really all
gruff and like mean-looking then all of
a sudden they're like total change of
character is so funny
as you can guess Alley is totally passed
out right now and I have all this energy
because I drank two coffees today didn't
have one had two and I slept in the car
the whole time so I I'm hyper I'm hyper
right now hey butt-head you actually
come to Butthead now that's awesome
we're watching the Golden Globes and I
never understood this why do they always
lump like Best Musical and Best Comedy
in the same category
that's like saying best action film and
best comedy they just doesn't work it's
like two separate categories
Ali didn't do this
oh heck of a day guys it was so fun I'm
so glad that I got to do it with my mom
the tutus were epic we got tons of
compliments everybody was so cool and so
nice and it was just a great day but I
am exhausted so instead of a secret
phrase I just wanted to actually ask you
guys a question because I actually found
out about the color run through a few of
my friends and I don't know much about
these fun events cuz I'm just not that
go over burgers larium so if you know of
any really cool events like this like I
don't know like a what are they called
like a mud run or like another run
that's this kind of style or any kind of
like really fun outdoor like group
activities if you guys think of anything
like that let me know in the comments
cuz I want to get in like cake but shape
this year and it's just a really fun
thing to do and a really fun thing to
film that I would love to share that
with you guys just let me know in the
comments below any of those if you have
any cool ideas for like outdoor
activities and as always we'll see you
guys tomorrow
hey guys Ally just finished editing your
video on how to make a tutu so if you
want to make one too
click right here it's on Ally's Channel
she'll show you how to make a tutu you
can make one or two twos okay I'll shut
up but seriously if you guys want to
learn how to make one super easy click
right here it's on Ally's channel and go
make one and after you do make sure to
take a photo and send it to our on
Twitter so she can see it so I'll see
you guys later
go enjoy that video hope you enjoyed
this one and see you tomorrow
worse yet
giddy with child tripping
to it with champion
don't forget
