hey babe check it out guess where my mom
and I went for lunch my mom probably
watches a wider range of youtubers an
idea which is embarrassing cuz it's like
my job in my community and I should know
more about it but if I don't know I have
an encyclopedia because she's watched
every video ever so we are I'm gonna
tell you what we're doing now because I
wanted to camp it yeah we can tell we
can tell I wanted to keep it a secret
but we can tell you guys now we are
going to do a color run yeah if you guys
don't know what that is it's basically a
5k where you wear like as much white you
have to wear a white t-shirt but as much
white clothing as you possibly can
because that makes it more fun and every
thousand meters every kilometer a bunch
of volunteers throw temper paint on you
and it's like different color zones and
so by the end everyone is just covered
and then just launch paint all over oh
it makes these pretty pups so we're
gonna be super dirty and we're gonna
wear GoPros and it's gonna be excellent
like I cannot wait to show you guys so
our good buddy Thor you know the Mighty
Thor is actually the one who he's good
friend he's become really good friends
with our family actually and he
recommended this to us and he's actually
the one who did the the zombie thing
with Charles and just all this cool
stuff and also if you guys have seen my
cinema videos there is another lovely
gentleman named John Watson J Watson TV
and he is awesome and active as well and
he's another guy who we have to thank
for getting us into the Color Run
because he helped us get organized
because we were super late you know
deciding and we wanted to do it but I
wanted to say a huge thank you to both
of those guys and so now I don't have to
keep it a secret which is great because
it was really hard for me to keep a
secret from you guys I'm so bad at it I
always let it flip either on Twitter and
the blogs or something but that's what
we're doing with the tool we're actually
going to be making like a DIY tutu
neither one of us really like our expert
seamstresses so we are the big Calphalon
are just going on an adventure but you
guys know if you want me to make a video
about it because I would love to make a
video showing you guys
how to do it so if you're interested in
making your own to two because two teams
are freaking expensive elastic and I'll
show you guys how to do it you know what
I'll just make a video because I bet the
I bet you guys would love to do it if
you ever have a costume idea where you
need to do two I'll say yeah I make it I
mean who doesn't want it to to you just
wear all the time
how much better could you feel right I
want to wear a tutu all the time once
you learn how to make it you can make
one one or you can make two - you can
become three or four for however you
choose you want to make I totally I
totally see it
daddy daddy you're being a dick give it
to me did the nice lady give you treats
it's smell pretty good
no wait they smell it can I please to
smell it no way yeah you get the big one
because you're bigger you get a tiny one
cuz you're tiny and you dig that stuff
yesterday so today unfortunately I have
to go to a memorial service for like a
family friend of ours my mom's one of my
mom's good friends lady that I you know
kind of grew up with unfortunately
passed away and they're kind of doing a
little memorial service over at the
beach which should be really nice it's
really one of those sad situations too
because she was so young and it's just
you know one of those things where you
just never know and I just kind of one
of those things where you guys always
appreciate the people that you're around
tell them how you feel all the time and
things like that because you don't know
how long you're gonna have them you know
what I mean we're kinda short
I don't know how this is happening but
apparently I'm Way ahead of you I left I
left you behind somehow I'm not here how
would you accidentally what huh legal to
think you're bugged you look like a bug
so we have no idea where we're going so
the only way we're figuring this out as
I'm stalking my sister so I think that's
my sister right there
I think she's somewhere thank god this
app exists because I I would not know
where I'm going no well you know what I
can't read this it's not working it's
not updating wait she disappeared oh
there she is found her warning keep off
what does that mean meant jeez fitara
warning keep off of it
keep off warning I don't know what this
is for at all it's a darn it don't say
damn darn it it's like it's a recurs
it's like some of this oh yeah that's
all wash away seems like it's doing a
really bad job
sans arching boy Allie does not like to
listen to the rules warning
all right what is this you know it
reminds me of Beetlejuice over the sand
worm that's what it looks like to me Oh
a dollar actually this would probably be
75 cents get it because it's missing a
fourth I remember now as a kid when I
used to come to this Beach I used to
always step in these things I don't know
what they're I hate those they're from
the trees is that it's what everything
what are they I used to always step on
there these are worthless hands for that
squirrel is as big as Marley look Ally
the squirrel Whisperer what Marley would
have a ball they're all coming they all
think you're gonna feed them it's
creeping me out
come on man where's the food all right
we're gonna have a contest who has the
grease of your face I do
in the comments in the comments below
say are you team Charles or team Ally -
who has the least greasy face there we
go Simpsons oh man I might lose this one
oh dude I'm gonna lose I'm gonna lose
and there's mine Oh team out no I don't
know through my mostly make up doing
there's no
hanging out with that it was on doc doc
can I got a stop nope nice years Wow hi
oh man that you know that would reminds
me up in Futurama the poplars doesn't
that look like poplars no it's a fun
game at the grocery store go down the I
think it's called the ethnic aisle or
it's just like the foreign food aisle
and just look at you try some of the
foods like that either you know they
don't Trisha traditionally have for
example ginger beard 23d
you know when it has dust on it must be
good hey look it's a red hot chili
pepper find out a super lame all right
oh that's so funny cuz I was literally
thinking to myself I should probably get
a lid for this thing this should
probably hurt if it gets in my eye
so I just found out that I have to go to
California again to do some more
reporting I wasn't supposed to leave but
now it's more of a last minute take the
thing since they only have a couple more
days at home for a while I've been
trying to eat and exercise and eat
healthy because I know the second I get
back on that tour bus it's just going to
go it's so hard it's so hard when you're
on tour to like make food yeah I can't
there's no way I would be able to do
this on a tour bus
I maybe one day when we the Kings goes
triple quadruple platinum I will make
sure the tour bus has a stove and tint
so when this new album comes out let's
make it go triple platinum so I have a
stove so I've been just trying to kind
of like enjoy the subtleties of being
home you don't I mean because like you
guys have been with on a couple tours
now you know that you know like the
eating habits just kind of go out the
door and cooking buddies what what I'm
gonna get food what one two three you
ready to see your video
yeah time where you tell them yeah
mainittu too late to to tease Vicki to
to to to to to
thank you to do this when I was too many
toos well I don't look down
Oh cute
I'm gonna post the video on my channel
soon guys if you want to make your own
tutus it is too too easy
I've made the I've made like a million
horrible two to puns like at least to
two or three of them in the last video
don't let her trick you guys no one's at
the door it's a trick it's a trick do
you think I'm stupid I'm all about
public safety and I'm not really a fan
of this worst part is you always yell at
me for doing that yours even facing the
right direction why would you allow this
happen okay well he is passed out right
now because we have to wake up in five
hours
and then they're gonna be running like
what is it like three or four three or
four miles in tutus while I throw paint
on them anyway for the secret phrase
tonight is just I want you guys to just
wish Allie and Lauren good luck because
they're gonna give embargoed with paint
and they have to run like three or five
miles so yeah wish them luck guys in the
comments and I will see you in the
morning good
you
see what you did
wait
yes
with trippy
would be an ally don't forget
