good morning guys got a question to ask
you why can't you ever hear a
pterodactyl in the bathroom wait for it
cuz the P silent sorry I just like
cheesy jokes here I got one more okay
what says Oh Santa walking backwards oh
you wanna you want another you say okay
how do Lions like their steak roar what
do you call a fly with no wings a walk
oh yeah did you hear about the all-new
divorce Barbie yeah it comes with all
Ken's stuff okay last one for now what's
the difference between roast beef and
pea soup anyone could roast beef
oh I slay me nope nope nope nope nope
down down down keep on falling keep on
falling any other youtubers when you
upload a video and you see like just
like thousand minutes or something like
that you just you sit there and you just
clench and you're just like please for a
little up of God fall fall I can't be
the only one that does this like 60
minutes really in my house what's going
on are you taking all the bandwidth are
you downloading Lord of the Rings or
something so I'm going to be starting
this new project and I thought it'd be
kind of cool cuz what they are we on
right now well it's like what's the safe
that no I'm sorry it's down there so it
was like 13 51 or something like that
I was thinking cuz I have I like really
OCD because I have lost a lot of things
and I still save everything now I have
everything by the way this is something
special to is coming up later getting
ahead of myself so our ATD all the files
are on this little guy right here this
Drobo and i have all the original files
the exported files of thumbnails and all
this fun stuff and i thought it would be
kind of a cool thing a cool little
project to put all these videos together
like week one big giant video but here's
the thing i'm going to take one second
from every vlog every day like my
favorite second of the day and make it
into one video so technically if it was
like every single day right now it would
be one thousand three hundred and
fifty-one seconds long which is like 22
minutes or something like that so I've
been going through the files and getting
all the exported files and kind of like
taking it and it's taking a lot longer
than I thought it would be but I thought
it'd be a really cool idea and I wanted
to get you guys in spots if I should do
it or not if you guys don't even aren't
interested in doing me doing it at all
I'm not gonna do it but I thought it'd
be something really kind of cool and
unique right so it'd be like four or
five years 22 minutes like seconds like
I don't know probably what's gonna end
up happening is I'm just a put it all on
harddrive put it like when I'm on the
tour bus and Europe just doing it then
because we're all sure we have a lot of
driving time look just like last time it
might give me something to do and be a
cool video I don't know hey what do you
think about it yeah all right cool we
got a wag from so
what about you what do you think about
it okay
well that's settled then three days ago
where Zoey found that like fresh cat
poop streak down her back
well apparently when I wasn't I was my
back was turned for like 30 seconds come
back that one did it again just rolled
in it nice little strike really the
little racing stripe if you will
I shouldn't even be out here rewarding
them I guess I'm what you call a
pushover I was a pretty good kick
recently we came across bean boozled and
it's got like pretty much its jelly
you've got all these disgusting ones
like other than licorice she's got
pencil shavings barf centipede that it's
got stuff like we've got good little
skunk spray rotten egg canned dog food
that one eat your barf toothpaste or
blueberry so I got this one where you
won't you're going for the dog food no I
want the choice of putting a bet it's
probably gonna end up being dogfish try
it no you won 4-1 what'd you get he's
good there's a beach it was Beach or
barf oh there's a there's a spinet see
they're gonna be centipede or strawberry
jam you should because I don't know what
it tastes like
we're one for one so what was the once I
can't up same one yet the centipede one
no I got the kids it's chocolate pudding
dog food one there's no way I'm gonna
get a chocolate place how are you
putting puzzles hi Weiss thank you so
wrong
the first bite I was like all right go
for it
at the line I don't do two lines they're
not corn or what rotten egg or buttered
popcorn is it though it's this one the
one that's got like the yellowish but
there's two yellow ones no no moldy
cheese one is like that okay what was it
between it's gotta be better popcorn
otherwise you'd be grossed out yeah no I
think it was different I think I ate the
I was a caramel corn look like they're
gonna be moldy cheese or caramel corn
moldy cheese holy cheese that was a
failure okay whoever came up with these
like these flavors are geniuses yeah it
tastes like crap what's like a game out
of it so you want to play that doesn't
work I don't think anyone in each our
barn oh that's a good one you would have
been grossed out right away what speech
oh okay Peter barf oh my friend this one
yeah bitch ah peach it's gotta be peach
is always like bark I would I would love
that
we've gone too long without getting one
took you that long didn't f nomnomnom on
bars you're right is it bad aftertaste
booger or pear pear pear oh okay oh it's
like it said the aftertaste so I'm
trying to see if I can get a dog food
one no there we go so excited it's candy
earlier when I went and discovered these
I thought they were actually jelly beans
I'm so pumped I had a bunch of them I
just ate them and that's how I
discovered these were gross ones how
confusing my I got one here this is a
lose-lose situation you know I don't
want to come spray or licorice yeah but
it's gonna be funny
there we go no I get angry when I get
black licorice in any form so this is
like a lose-lose minute oh my god is
that the skunk or the licorice charges
spitting all over like that is awful no
you're trying hell you have to try it no
no okay
really don't want to do it's awful it's
you just hope for licorice there's one
time in your life that you were ever
gonna want licorice but don't ask topic
I think you need to let Zoey eat it I
want to spit out another Pokemon no it's
right now breathe on the John breathe on
the dog like no do you own it yeah we'll
save these for the next victim so I want
to go grab some food out of the
refrigerator to get rid of this taste
and it's just it's stock man I just got
this like rotten egg taste like in the
back of my teeth you don't when you eat
a jelly bean and it's just like you bite
it in the back you're like molars just
sticks in there so I have barf skunk
rotten eggs in my mouth anyone want to
make out I got to show you guys the
fundamental difference between Zooey and
Marley okay then watch how frantic this
one is you want this cheese say oh my
god yes give it to me
right so eat my finger yeah oh geez now
watch how delicate Zooey is so would you
like a piece of cheese yeah I'll take it
thank you did you use an ad I use some
naan bread a little chicken guess you
made all that put it on the grill you
did good job you didn't make the cheese
though but hey I made the cheese uh nope
to kill myself
Thurber was telling you guys earlier
that I was like backing up all the files
so I can do this little project was just
going back through it and I'm realizing
I forget so much I'm like watching some
of the like little clips and stuff like
this I don't even know if you guys know
what day this is
I'm just gonna skim through and see
you guys can guess what day this might
possibly be oh oh that may have been a
depth I probably gave it away it feels
like yesterday you owed me I get your
face is crazy you're asking for you're
asking for trouble
Elise started it and you're being a punk
you know what where's the pool I want to
throw you know what's Chris where's the
toilet
well before I was rudely interrupted I
was just saying how awesome it's been so
far the past four years almost five and
I can't wait for more
yes
with y'all trippin
with Gianelli don't forget
