Zoe get in the car load up Zoe look at
her feet there we go and then staring at
me like um do you want to want to help
me lazy so I didn't kind of work out I
was hoping my hair was gonna flail
anyway I think it's time for a haircut
what do you guys think
kind of getting scruffy isn't it I was
hoping it was gonna kind of go like fair
blow in my face
like that that's what I was hoping it
was gonna do you got some fancy
mayonnaise in there some fancy whole
speed mayonnaise mustard waiting them
sighs pants it's fuzzy mustard it's it's
whole seed mustard not man he found
Eliza better I'm on hold
I hate I hate the fact that some
answering services have gotten smart
with the whole button mashing and they
don't let you do it like there's a
certain key I think like apples one of
them like yeah oh man I walked into the
bathroom and I almost just literally
punched these robes I thought that was a
person was like scared me I thought was
Slenderman but I walk in I'm like this
stupid rose bubbles don't put marbles in
your nose put them in there lube up with
them in there I almost done here cut
time
so long pretty ya know she gave us some
if you guys remember the little R what
did we name it I thought we named it
something kid yeah we were trying it
should have yes we saved a little hair
in a little one of her foil she made a
little pouch but as far as the state on
our counter for like three days
it was probably it was a nasty boy I was
really good favorite dogs we're trying
to get it it was nasty there we go no
more Charles hobo gonna get in oh no
yeah here just so you can hear me now
what do you want you want to get in the
car you unlock the doors that I open it
no no no you don't know what happened
oh wait let me hug the horn so everyone
hears you there cz
so the other day I you know what I don't
know what's going on with my Apple
products but I am I am like ally said
losing faith in Apple right now but my
iPhone for some reason the camera which
is a huge deal for me because it's what
I use I film things taking a lot of
photos but it won't focus unless it's
like macro so I have to go get that
replaced because I leave I think eight
days to start recording more and then
straight to Europe for I think seven
weeks six or seven weeks for the Europe
tour and if I don't have my phone
working gonna take photos I can't share
awesome photos on my experience and
taking photos with some CTFxC r--'s when
I'm over there so I have to go yell at
Apple and I've had every single iPhone
when they come out and this is
definitely the worst one I've ever had
with a scuffing like I've never dropped
it and just just goes in my pocket and
it just starts scuffing and it looks
like it's like this looks like it's like
six months old but it's what a couple
months old so I'm gonna see if I can
convince them to let me have the white
one because I read online that the white
one doesn't doesn't scuff or doesn't
show as much I know
white one's not for guys you know what
no yeah I just think it's funny that you
really like the white one I really I
think the white one looks cooler it's
much cooler you look a bug
yeah let's discuss something rather
funny that happened last I he never does
just so you'll actually listen to me and
not look at my glasses I'll take off the
glasses hey maybe this put on you Jay
wear these for Noah yeah totally so last
night we had a very funny thing happened
in our household and as I was laying
down to go to bed everything was all
settled down a little bit we were ready
to go to sleep
Charles says what and I turned to him
our seat what'd you say honey he goes
like oh I get it I was like baby awake
and then he goes oh and asleep you
asleep I've never done that it was so
funny and I'm sitting and trying not to
wake him up her interrupts him and I'm
just like laughing my Melissa sleep
talks she does all the time I can't but
didn't you used to sleepwalk really bad
when you were kids when I was little I
once slept slept walk I guess and I went
before sleepwalk and I walked right in
front of the TV or my parents had all
these friends over pulled my pants down
and peed on the TV I was awake for that
he was trying that happened twice but
the third thing was my mom I disappeared
once and my mom was looking for me and
she said I was Stan I was standing up
think Exorcist Oh standing up facing
facing a corner Exorcist facing a corner
just standing in the corner not saying
anything I would my pants if I saw
little kids standing in the corner not
moving not talking just like face down
I'm sure my mom thought she needed to
call an exorcist
the second best hot sauce bar ah Tampa
traffic I remember what I used to work
as a projectionist down here I would get
off at five o'clock which is you know
five o'clock traffic I would just
usually stay and watch a movie and that
would be the only time I could actually
get home otherwise it would take me two
and a half hours no joke to get back to
campus stop and go step and go it
actually used to be only three lanes
they've actually added a couple lanes oh
there's the store yeah we're all right
Apple Maps got me lost awesome
remember yesterday I was praising I was
praising that I haven't gotten lost in a
while
literally just drove around 15 minutes
in a circle to end up on the interstate
oh boy well at least the view is pretty
upside down they fixed my phone I should
say that fix it they replaced it not
have but they wouldn't give me the white
one I tried I begged and pleaded they
wouldn't do it and I have to back
everything up from my iCloud or whatever
and I don't know how big your guys are
cloud it where's what's not password
mine takes literally I think is 20 gigs
so it's gonna take how do you know it's
gonna take forever so that means I won't
have a phone for the rest of the day
what's good good that's like kind of
like rewarding I guess a little bit
rewarding but like liberating right
every once in a while I'm just kidding
it's pure hell
faster faster faster faster faster oh
god oh god I gotta gotta gotta gotta
with day where today we're like okay
take two guys try not to kill me try not
to kill daddy holy crap I always just
made the mistake that I was telling you
guys about the diesel thing but look it
doesn't fit it doesn't go in the hole I
just locked it in there that's what she
said can I just softball did it for you
guys come on it was funny you look like
you're in some sort of horror movie here
is there a backup for a little bit just
a second Marley Hitchcock sorry geez I
didn't mean you were fat all right I'm
feeling lucky on this one how did I how
did I just screw that one up
seriously that couldn't have gotten any
easier unless it was even really so trap
just sent over a bunch of the demos so
that means I need to start trying to
figure out how to play them like modern
technology modern recordings they're
like you used to have to be like all in
the same area which is kind of cool like
you know it gives it that kind of like
ruggedness when you record since we all
live everywhere like Cole isn't you know
Connecticut I work out here in Florida
Trav's in LA right now doing the album
weekend like oh just learn it well that
sounds like crap yeah
said we could all just learn it and my
son's broken yeah myself Mike my subs
all by sub farted too much
is it like pure torture that all you can
hear is this bass strings rattling its
teeth are in the fabric jungle right now
and we are looking for some tools on
below it is a surprise we're doing a
craft and we need tool it's gonna be
really really cute and we're gonna we're
gonna show you guys while we're making
and everything I want to tell you or to
tool for school we're just a couple of
tools couple of tools so we're looking
for some really cute nice like bright
color tool and we're gonna show you what
we're making and then we're gonna tell
you what it's for it's a really big
surprise not a really big surprise but
it's gonna be really super fun I can't
wait to show you guys what we're doing
oh this is cute this has like glitter in
the tool not that's not really tool
though that's like a weird like ooh
that's that's not comfortable all right
so this is what my mom I bought when we
were out shopping at the a fabric store
this is tool can you guess what we're
gay but I think I'm actually going to
make a video and post it on ask alley
because I just found a really great way
to make this super surprise special
thing and I think that you guys are
gonna totally dig it it's easy and you
don't have to know how to sew which is
the best part so I'm not gonna tell you
what we're doing but I bet you could
probably guess are you kidding me Marley
that's not enough attention
chicken Bryan I mean chicken Charles
still good after day
I mean seriously who's Brian Brian what
do you guys are named Brian I just mean
the chicken Brian I'm using a stripy
straw in my chocolate milk have a
time-warp issue I experienced time
travel it's one of those things where
you it's like the classic thing that you
do I don't know sometimes I like to
dress my food up I told you that before
it's like it tastes better you know I
don't know what I'm talking about I'm
gonna drink my chocolate now I was just
watching TV and I just saw a commercial
was like Hansel and Gretel witch hunters
so we have Abraham Lincoln vampire
hunters Hansel Gretel witch hunters
what's next Aladdin goblin Busters
Pocahontas zombie hunter wait never mind
Pocahontas zombie hunter sounds pretty
fucking awesome if you want a
million-dollar idea just go through the
entire Disney catalogue and make it
about vampires or witches or zombies
million dollar idea for today's secret
phrase I want to know the best
combination ever I want ideas in the
comments give me your best ideas of what
childhood awesome heroes could be
killing something evil so I want to read
them that I want to laugh I'll see you
guys tomorrow good night
see what you did
worse yet sexy
without tripping
with trippy an alley
