zowie does not like being ignored now is
only the lap dog she is starting to do
she's very happy about this situation hi
hi little girl
ignore the zone it's like a little thing
good over here
check out these kicks you know some
serious yard work was going on with
those shoes right Zoey finally on day
what is it of 2013 I'm going to be
taking down the Christmas lights yeah
were those people Marley's like what
this is this what they didn't give you a
cookie I know I know I'm sorry Marley
was she's thinking about what do you
think about my mark
do it
staring out the window do you know
introspective I think we're almost there
let's Apple maps got us lost arrived in
Harbor Drive south yep right here Apple
maps you did it again we didn't get lost
ready say go I'm starting to think that
huh Florida is just bipolar with its
weather
it's like beautiful right now it's like
85 degrees gorgeous beach beach weather
in January
yesterday was freezing today is
scorching hot bipolar yo come on let's
not let's not be on the endangered or
seagrass here immediately in the water
didn't even have to tell her to that's
awesome
oh good god it's cold oh good god it's
cool you don't want to go in now
come on being a baby ah back on the roof
enjoying the breeze that's now coming in
the shade that's now coming but before
it was blazing flipping hot I'm trying
to take down all these lights and
they're spiders and wasps all over them
but hopefully oh I think it's a lot
easier to take them down then I put them
up so this is a quicker job and there's
this wait what are these things called
like mermaid shells or something like
that that's like this like the nickname
forum I think mermaid shells or mermaid
skins or mermaid bikinis I don't know
you ever wonder that why are mermaids
why do they even have bikinis why do
they make like seashell bikinis they're
in the sea they don't know about modesty
stuff and nudity overthinking it I'm
over here
sandy butthole ready I get it what yeah
foam all over your face ready one go get
it wow that's pathetic those works oh uh
I'll get a better one go go yeah see as
though he's gotten older she she doesn't
fall for the trick meme all ready go
yeah you know better damn it you broke
it
come on twenty minutes later oh really
come on I can't go all the way out there
just give me the middle finger she would
you have its problems
and done I think Marley's under here how
did you get under there okay we saw what
it can do with a 22 rifle now let's see
what it can do with a tactical 12-gauge
Oh name that album or CD or song name
that song wait did I just kind of like
teleport to LA all of a sudden what's up
with this traffic wait what we're Zoe
let's slowly down that how did you fit
down there how'd you get down there I
turned around I got really worried I was
like wait where does she have possibly
come I was like fumbling and the light's
not on and Nagaraj when I just threw my
keys in the trash I was trying to throw
something it's on my face I'm talking to
this I'm it's brought with me I was all
fumbling and I meant to throw away some
trash and I ended up throwing the keys
in the trashcan Oh gross
mother hold on I can't see it let there
be light
no okay yeah warm up there we go ah got
it disinfected that honestly is probably
one of my worst nightmares having to go
through good stuff and something as
disgusting as a trash can oh it's so
gross I wish I could take a bath and
sanitize her right now I should have
sent you in you would have gotten it for
me well you remember there was trash
sitting here probably a little bit
earlier in the clip yeah so I was
cleaning the bathroom and I come out I
come out of the bathroom and I just see
Marlene seriously deer-in-the-headlights
staring at me no joke like this just
frozen she's just like with trash
hanging right out of mouth like what do
I do
what here here's a visual that's a
visual that's what I saw
so I'm gonna get a little fancy tonight
I'm gonna see if I can make something
called
in Bryan I call it fancy because that's
goat cheese and as sun-dried tomatoes
nuts mr. fancy stuff just gonna start
doing this now and Oh what is that
what's that that's I get sorry I forgot
that was playing that's one of the new
songs it's a demo I'm just learning it
for the recording just don't tell anyone
I let you hear it
actually you wanna hear a little more so
yeah I'll give you more teasers later
but that was an inadvertent display of
leaking it time to grill it I didn't
know olive oil was flammable Oh like a
sloth I'm learning I'm still learning
you stop it wait no I don't want to what
I was letting them listen to little
sneaky sneak peeks Travis Travis doesn't
watch these right yeah looks good
chicken Charles can I eat it now yeah if
you want salmonella who's Brian why do
they named it after him so I'm gonna
call it chicken girls
I think seriously the best smelling
thing on the face of this earth is
gutter gutter gutter garlic butter and
onions I was just trying to like
simplified just say garlic butter gutter
gutter is the best that's gonna be a new
thing now I'm making it so all right
white cooking wine the Marcella one was
pretty disgusting why would ever you
need different all mine oh that's worse
remember the Marcella compare that to
the Marcel the white wine white cooking
wine just taste it doesn't taste like
fish oh boy oh man it smells so good I
think this is the best thing I've ever
made I don't know what it is right now
I'm just in like this cookie mood so I
made chicken Charles spinach balls and
fresh pesto
I'm the cooking machine right now you
guys ready for this finished product
BAM I am bam bam Emeril don't sue me
chicken Charles chicken pesto Charles
Ally's afraid definitely afraid of
tomatoes so she couldn't have that yeah
thoughts have is over she is going to
the airport super early and needs a ride
so my brother volunteered to help her
out with that cash should be something
fun yeah just finish making her bed we
generated a film cinema really quickly
um so she can be in this episode for
face off which is gonna be on my channel
on Friday yep so I made the bed for her
and she ran in here and decided that it
is her bed and so she deserves to lay on
it and I just have to show you something
really funny just bear with me here
so this hat I bought this hat probably
seven years ago or something like that
in California my mom bought it for me
because I thought it was funny she said
you're never gonna wear that I said yes
I will
I wore it the day she bought it for me
and not once since then truck or marley
trucker hat marley come on all right
make sure pinhead look a little better
go to bed go to bed
not really but like a human look that's
the string nope here you go all right
what are you getting naked I was going
to take it off why don't you asked me
how I fill my setups for ask Allie and
the truth of the matter is it's really
simple
right now there are a ton of wormans on
account so we can't sit there but that's
usually where I sit sometimes I sit in
the dining room to do ask alleys that
lovely green wall and I have one
gigantic blinding sorry softbox
I should have more than that but that's
the only one that I have that's the
really good cool light and I just have a
tripod and it's literally it and today
I'm just using two little stools because
Dai is joining me I mean a lot of guys
have asked it's very simple I
pretty much done with the Christmas
stuff laughs they have to do is put away
those stinking ornaments I'm still
trying to find a cool container because
I have boxes from some of my mom's
ornaments that she gave me they're like
30 years old and they're disintegrating
so I'm trying to find a way to store all
that stuff Oh
holidays they're never really over are
they all right guys so I hope you
enjoyed today's video I hope you're
having a great week and we'll see you
tomorrow
love you guys good night oh hey just a
little reminder if you guys haven't seen
my haul video yet from fall and
Christmas you can go and check that out
on my channel and also I'll be posting
another cinema video on Friday so you
can go and check that out as well
all right now
worse yet sexy
with y'all trippin
with Goofy and Ally don't forget
