my pants Zoe I'm wearing my pants before
running pants where are they put my
pants donal my pants ah so where are
they
no protein there uh what's with the
makeup lady I totally hate doing laundry
so much complaining come Blaine I just I
don't like doing a lot to hate folding
I'd like the worst folder in the world
I roll I'm a roller instead of a folder
you want to do this no all right Marley
wants absolutely nothing to do with this
I may or may not still be obsessed with
far cry 3 even though I'm done playing
it
that's right do when I listen the song I
go
so I am playing the role of the coffee
fairy today
Ali does have a cleaning car and this is
my way of getting out of it don't tell
him though so I come home I hear that
this one not not not this not this one
this one found cat poop rolled a nice
little streak down her back and then
tried to eat it the truth they just pull
in with the golf carts Ali's I walk
ashamed I pull it
zoey is sitting on a towel just sitting
there not even doing anything like she
could have ran away she whatever she's
just sitting there doesn't even get
excited that I'm home and I'm like wait
what what what's going on and then
that's what I hate it this one on the
other hand was the one that listened I'm
I'm blown away with you right now
she's think I was itching so much I just
need another bath oh yeah getting ripped
up you heard me come at me bro come at
me come at me yeah look at that let me
do this yeah
whether Co I was like why are they being
so quiet all right this is a nice little
special thing if you guys have cloudy
headlights what do you use a wet dryer
sheett just a wet dryer sheet and it
goes from all cloudy like this to nice
and shiny I don't know what the
long-term effects are but it looks good
now so see nice and shiny and clean all
right this is before wax on wax off
yeah what are what kind of chemicals
this is that you put in with your
clothes if is able to do this there's
after I think it's pretty good I think
most of its on the inside on this one
though so we are going to shoot a video
today Ali's actually doing an ask Ali
but after that we're going to shoot a
new drunk gaming episode and guess what
you guys have been asking for the
longest time I will be doing this
episode of drunk gaming as well as dot F
so I have an idea for this one and I
want to get the green screen because I I
feel like a this idea is gonna be pretty
cool they're actually this drunk gaming
is going to be a little bit different
it's going to be kind of like a game
it's a game within a game if that makes
any sense
yeah I will be in this episode finally
do you want to play you want to play hey
do you remember when you were really
really really tiny
do you remember that and you peed on
this do you remember that yeah you did
do it today it's been one of those
really productive days we shot a couple
videos and then we actually clean the
car and now we're gonna shoot another
video if I can find the stance there's
so many cases in here oh boy
where are they wait are these that oh
those don't look like it wait can't
remember
remember about it but yeah this thing
was I can't believe this actually fit in
my apartments before this house does I
have no idea how it happened
this thing is so mess there we go no
it's good well it was tested out come on
mark let's go test it out go on the side
of the bed or the couch Marley you're in
space there's some stars behind you okay
never mind
she's like I don't really care oh no so
we took it
Wow okay alright alright I'll get you
another one
hey remember when I said Marley was
being good today do you guys remember do
you guys remember when I said that yeah
kind of went out the door right there I
think just old yet there's still room on
your right side okay I got it I get it
actually I wanted to clarify something
really quick yesterday I told you guys
about our Netflix link the Netflix are
cops I see
and a lot of you guys had a couple
questions but like you guys thought
Netflix was already free they already
had a free trial why would we use this
lassie to exceed one and I wanted to be
completely upfront with you guys the
reason why we have netflix.com slash
CTFxC and the reason why we tell you
guys about that one is because that one
helps support the show when you guys if
you guys were like oh yeah I've been
really wanting to use Netflix I just
never you know got around to do it if
you go to that URL versus any other URLs
or just whatever
so the CTFxC gets credit and what that
does is it helps support the show it
allows us to keep doing this for years
to come it's just one of those things
that I always want to be really upfront
with you guys that you know we always
have your interest in mind we always do
things like we do contest I always make
sure that we can give away things for
free just want to make sure you guys
know that I will never ever ever tell
you guys to do something that I don't
think is cool or anything that I truly
believe in because I feel like you know
that is the definition of a sellout when
you do something just for the sake of
doing something and not because of
something you think is cool and awesome
you know when we do these kind of things
it helps the show and I really want to
be able to do this show forever one of
the beautiful things that we have with
you guys is transparency and being
complete being able to be honest with
you guys I don't know I you know what I
feel like a lot of you guys get it you
guys understand and you guys want to
support the show and that's the
beautiful thing about this and for those
who didn't are were confused I hope I
you know kind of cleared it up and I
hope you can see why we do these things
PS I have a lot of awesome free gifts
coming for you guys soon
speaking of which it's cuz I love you
guys
oh and Zoe loves you too I said that and
like all of a sudden so he jumps up into
the seat and she's like way way away
come on come on I heard the word I heard
it I heard I love you I want to be up
here I don't care what anyone says that
was the frickin intuitive bump bump bump
bump bump bump bump bump bump you
already got one you don't need one yep
get your butt in there guess you're
rolling poop yeah no not this one this
one - in one day - girl that's a record
I honestly think she does this on
purpose she does I feel like the
attention I think the attention and I
think that she likes being she she does
like being clean she looks pitiful but
she always stands there and just like
stretches out when I watch her back the
best part is like what she knows she did
something like bad she'll walk straight
into the back shower well I guess this
means I gotta get back
oh my goodness so Allie is getting ready
to shoot what are they called haul
videos a haul video
all right so Ali's gonna just we set up
the green screen so we're just moving
stuff around by the way we found a lot
of dog toys under here who knew the
couch was the amazing is another word no
that doesn't a haven
I meant I meant to say haven what is the
Maven go to space you look silly in
space right now all right time to get
the supplies got the supplies now we
head over and start playing Mario Kart
this is gonna be a good episode I'm
pretty pumped because actually as CTFxC
are suggested that we do it this way I
don't want to give it away but it's like
a special way we're not just playing a
video game like I said earlier it's a
game within a game it's good it's quite
challenging actually I'm pretty
interested to see how this works out so
for
some stupid reason I don't know what why
not that TV doesn't have old way it's a
compositor component whether you say
composite I'll the red yellow white
that's composite it doesn't have
composite but as component this one has
both so we have to move it so dumb so
dumb you think I'd like a newer device
would have what we would need but of
course not and we're playing an old game
for this classic all right
we got it oh I just showed you guys the
game oh don't worry it doesn't really
matter because it's still a certain
section to the game that you guys have
never done before
it's like old school like stage things
where they just pull them off where did
you find these my dad and mom decided to
like give us a bunch of Christmas stuff
and I think my dad gave me all the
Christmas he doesn't want just like came
I thought you learning how she wins she
converts so I'm offering you like a
solution so what you can do you guys
have fake Burt where you can't like
sucking a little bit you feel like in
your birthright right you do the
preparation the fake burp like this but
you don't expel it real food plan on how
to burp so I'm setting this up right and
I just remembered about this do you guys
remember this giant thing that came with
stars it was a Star Fox 64 called the
rumble Pak
it was like this giant thing it's like
as big as my hand look at this al he's
cheating she's spilling beer on
everybody
Peter for the record I should use a pic
cuz you guys put on Justin Bieber please
you
you
