Oh puddle Oh wrath wait when did it rain
it's probably a good thing that that car
has a spoiler this is one of my favorite
things ever to do pretty the bed you
know got a deflated sorry I can't I
can't hear you oh it looks so much
better in here while Charles was at the
park with the girls I'm still I'm not
100% but I'm feeling so much better so I
decided to clean clean clean the house
all right yeah I'm sorry there you go
hello
Panera half the house I decided today
you know what I am going to make Panera
at my own house and I actually bought
the other day I bought the player soup
saving money
and I'm not going to Panera again
because I'm sure the people there
already know me now because I go there
like every day sasquatch also for some
reason I just started singing the Beach
Boys you remember the song barb and walk
out of the shower
you got a female vote Amanda Lee no no
no no no no oh you made the supermom but
seriously do you remember when you were
little thinking that song was Barbara
and did you think that Bob or I thought
it was bobber or and bobbing it but
anyway yeah I just thought that was
pretty funny I was like oh what a nice
guy he'll accept either Bob or and
taking his hand he's a really good
friend
every single time weeks to get in her
it's such a fond memory of mine it was a
girl that I was really good friends with
in school she used to she had an astro
van and there was a Klingon like dude
like wired to the front like head like
hood ornament and we always used to
cruise around and that thing to the
Beach Boys and it was just so fun yeah I
was holding Charles's hands yeah come in
the white so they can see a little
sausage fingers I know you don't it's
cute or not so we're onions are almost
exactly like this no that's a secret for
you don't tell Charles I said that
sausage fingers so Ali kicked us out
cause she's filming CDX in America right
I love how Zoey sits in the car see what
I mean
you want a cutie you want to kill you
tofutti cuties it says I can see more
you feel that oh oh they're bad they're
hell mush mush
no no more 3ds no no no no no you're not
gonna do you gotta catch them all okay
pokemon stinking poke your eye yeah I
think it is I think it's stupid is
because because not it was just I think
it's because I missed that I had pogs
and then what and then Magic the
Gathering which is probably nerdier I
think CTFxC is the Wii U worth it and
this actually in stock I don't know said
I don't know we though yea or nay
oh here it is right here here's my
favorite Ohio the cooking ware
you're not even paying attention you
ding-dong
get off your phone what was so important
talking about the Europe tour no 20 days
I'm fancy I'm going the Arab play show
with the hot star that is actually
what's happening oh my goodness their
finger shoes got your man grill I do
that's pretty much it show what you got
you got your man grill you have a mango
why are we getting that because you
broke the other one he broke it he
dropped it I didn't you guys know you
guys who's telling the truth right now
dirty little liars camera you're a dirty
dirty lot and was broken she doesn't
want to tell you everybody call Charles
a dirty dirty liar pants on fire
your pants are actually on fire weights
to hold still hold still your pants are
on fire your pants are on fire right now
well I boys think my husband to go on a
date night he does not choose my dear
awesome
mmm yummy we gonna get oh they have
lobster cannelloni wood you can get at
Lu doughnuts but I get an Italian done
it alright do I go for the the lemon
herb shake it some lemon herb chicken or
should I go with the cheek of myself to
say yes see the thing is my chicken
marsala was pretty pretty damn good
myself Mesilla say it marsala marsala
Mesilla like salty my chicken was better
I don't think in marsala
you said marsala not like mark Sauer
this is cellar there's no salt that's
you there's no s you which keeps your
wondering is not enough look at how she
won't eat that she leaves the little
nubs cuz she doesn't like to touch them
watch watch it what are you gonna do
with that yep yep put it right there
because you won't eat it weird right so
weird
we're gonna play a little game in the
comments guys will Ally finish your food
because thank you you make makes a
mistake every single time cheats all the
bread and all the salad I'm guilty is
wrong and then when the food comes
you're like oh yeah
however the food in your brief tour the
breads are expanding just ate he's gonna
sit there making fun of me for not
eating I know I breadstick me is gonna
eat bread sticks with my footwork
it's how to grease
but gross nests on it I think the worst
I do is eat potato chips with a fork
come on dejected my dear but you lost
the game I was doing it so okay
I hope you guys are seeing this Ally's
losing all credibility being a hypocrite
all credibility out the door what do you
do her face off her face oh he was
running around to every person in our
house boy face and they were facing off
to each other base off base speaking of
which you know what I'm putting on face
off yeah let me just load up Netflix
come on
oh right there it is where is it there
it is by the way guys I don't know if
you guys know this but we have a special
URL euro if you will know you an earl if
you go to Netflix calm CTFxC you can get
a free one-month trial of Netflix and
you can watch all these you know TV
shows and stuff like that so if you ever
been like on the fence about trying it
you don't really know or sure maybe I'll
try it no excuses now so if you go
Netflix at CompStat CTFxC it makes the
CTFxC look awesome
it supports the show the main reason why
we have this and it's pretty awesome
because like my night consists of
watching 13 it the 30 rock and Futurama
like every single night and that's
always on it and then you face off face
off I feel like all you guys think like
jeonbu like is like my dad or something
like that as much as I'm talking about
this movie so anyone who's ever wanted
to try it
Neff
compsat CTFxC like I said free trial it
supports the CTFxC sports their show
allows us to keep doing our thing and
it's something that I think is pretty
cool but you know any oh no Netflix does
not allow you to physically take your
face off though
that's something it can't do something
free for you guys today who doesn't like
free stuff okay seriously pause it or
mute it when you're not playing mute it
headphones does that thing have a
headphone jack
you
