so I just woke up and look at this
beautiful work of art that I've made
this actually has the fresh blackberries
that we actually picked in humble but
there were the fresh ones that we froze
we froze them sorry sorry sorry zoom
it's pretty cool that's so many
blackberries okay I'm on the most random
mission right now and I'm on my golf
cart though this thing is quite a long
time I kind of miss it ever since I
started driving I Drive it with less and
less obviously because it's not my main
type of Transportation like it used to
be here's a little smudgy what's going
on but I am on this mission to try to
find and whiteout here's the weird thing
I have never bought whiteout so I don't
know where to go here want to know a fun
little fact about whiteout it was
actually invented by Michael Nesmith the
drummer for the Monkees his mother
actually invented whiteout so learn some
new random stupid when you learn - today
we're white out with him from random
purchased successful mission
accomplished
I can't jump I had all your stuff
this is so Ali can go to buffer fest
this year well I did a little blade on
it and then like I win I went there
before our trip and like Oh
plus we got married and her name changed
many things a little bit more difficult
I went and got all this something you do
but of course on the road go drive all
the way back down there today and they
tell me no kids ended up here
you got a mail it out kidding me right
now is this like a freaking joke so
she's got a passport in the process
hopefully gets here in time because
that'd be awesome
expedited that Beach because every time
sorry little delayed every time and
buffer fest comes something's always
like kind of going on so we kind of
scheduled with a little bit better that
we both can actually go this year
hopefully as long as it gets back in
time
that's the only thing well it doesn't
seem like I'm catching a break today
this morning I woke up I had one of
these like like zits I don't know if you
guys had a pimple I got a side of your
lip or anything like if you ever had one
of those it's a great there it takes the
most painful thing that I've ever had so
I woke up to that immediately put me in
a bad mood I want to use my computer the
one that you know they they fixed
yesterday and the whole keyboard is not
even working so I gotta go back and try
to figure out what's going on otherwise
I have no computer cuz playlist live
which we leave for very very soon I
think it's on the first the day before
my birthday it's a playlist live
actually our meet and greet
we actually got birthday which is gonna
be kind of fun to spend it with you guys
that means I need to get this computer
back and working as soon as possible
otherwise we're going to be a little bit
short short-staffed as far as the
computer situation the one thing I was
hoping it was there's this stupid stupid
stupid feature on the the MacBook Pro I
don't know why it exists but if you hit
don't do this I just want to tell you
guys if this ever happens like if your
keyboard stops working you may have
actually done this if you I think if you
hit the option button like five
I was like one two three four five you
heard this like just like just crunching
noise and it turns your internal
keyboard off and they turn back on you
hit it again five more times but it's
the most useless feature so I thought
maybe that was it was not luckily there
are some CTFxC r--'s that actually work
at the store so hopefully they might
kind of work us in a little bit I think
I'm gonna pull that card I don't care I
know it's shameful but at the same time
I need to get this thing fixed in time
this sucks
right as I'm talking to you guys it's
just like throbbing on my face
look at this beautiful deja vu out you
get the honors but what you just do
something work
yep sweets interesting it's like the
West part works yeah touch bar works
fine this works the keyboard does not oh
I want to take this thing and smash it I
don't know what happened the way what
about them
I do trust me I hate them too
what was going on right then was
apparently playing a Apple employee or
manager retires they had like a giant
little party or send-off like that
that's what that was it was pretty loud
just shot and map out of it bad news my
computer is broken
it is now dead and it is not going to
the hospital so I'm hoping I'm gonna
actually have it in time before we leave
for playlist live otherwise kind of
screwed I also got a hope that they
don't actually format everything because
I didn't have time to backup everything
so nervous get screwed up on that one
Ali causing issues
I think so the thing was stuff in there
yeah people that can find it there's a
little pink thing always causing
problems
Charles dr. nerd rock I don't know if
you guys know about this crazy hurricane
was it hurricane or Harvey so hurricane
Harvey is hitting Texas pretty bad right
now and nerd bras in San Antonio
it's close yeah so it's close to San
Antonio which is where nerd rock lives
and we talked to him earlier he said
he's doing good he's just cloudy outside
which is good but apparently this is
gonna be one insane hurricane which we
have been lucky enough knock on wood
that we have not well
give me something well that's not very
nice at what they weren't beeping at me
but we've been lucky enough to where we
haven't experienced anything too crazy I
can remember back in like elementary or
high school I can remember things in
high school early high school breaking
up the years in a really long time it's
been a while we've had like couple
storms what we haven't had actual her
with a hit like Florida is it's like it
goes towards it and it goes no hit
somewhere else which is this swings
we're very lucky that very lucky but
it's so unfortunate the other states
that have been affected by it we want to
pray for everyone that's in Texas that
you guys are all safe man I hope it just
doesn't hit too hard
I really really gentleman but right now
we are sitting in traffic heading back
home you know what's crazy guys is how
fast the days go by now I feel like they
sound like such an old woman because
those are like the common things that
come out of my mouth ah the weather's
real nice and oh my god the day just
left right away oh my gosh I guess
that's where it is right now
reason to pill again winning this
the bold there's nothing in those holes
mother we're not even gonna lie I'm a
tad sad right now and this is really
zoomed in I know a lot of you guys know
this individual out there named jenna
Marbles
and she was cracking me up so much the
other day because she did like face
painting to herself I laughed like the
entire time so did shark and I was
talking to char tonight about this book
like a childhood book and it was called
the rainbow fish and it was about this
fish that had the most beautiful scales
and it was just like the most beautiful
fish and he gave away
or she I don't really know I gave away
one of his scales saw these were fish
because they loved him so much and he
ended up giving away all his skills oh
my gosh trout sushi let me turn you into
the rainbow fish I have all these things
that can bedazzle him and make him look
real pretty and do face painting because
I haven't done face things to anybody in
a really really long time the last time
I did anything like sort of like face
pinning which wasn't even face painting
was last year when I did my Halloween
costume where I did like the I was a
deer like I caught what did I call
myself a teenage angst deer don't know
I'm an idiot but Charles doesn't
understand the term happy wife happy
life
pretty sad about yes I'm still talking
so it's not starting to look like I got
punched in the freaking face right now
it hurts so bad right now what are you
so embarrassed about you big puss it
kind of like looks like an ingrown hair
on my lip on the edge of my head like
hairs along the edge of your little
sweet lips what I get an ingrown hair I
mean yeah I don't know I mean I think
that might be a zit though I'm not sure
I need some alcohol
nope not rubbing alcohol really does
hurt now that you said ingrown hair
that's rahl it feels like now oh doesn't
know I feel like cuz I can remember the
pain of an ingrown hair do you remember
that like timeframe on YouTube when
everybody was doing all that gross and
stuff I don't want to get into it but I
think you did a video you told me you
didn't do you want it I did I think it's
the most use video and see the epic song
of a popping a zit er yeah
I'm not watching it and I refused you
this is the way worse than that one was
oh it is it is such a dick I knew if I
didn't say something though everyone's
gonna be like oh look at this lip so I'm
just nipping in the bud right now this
is the thing about doing daily videos is
you can't hide this this real life stuff
otherwise it just looks really bad so I
figured hit it head-on
when you punch me in the face is this
when you punch me in the face
when you punch me in the lip you punched
me in the lip
it literally looks like I got punched in
the face I have a hole sure I'm looking
up there a hole in my frickin lip well
my face is feeling a little bit better
still looks pretty gnarly I'm gonna go
to bed because I'm tired and this is
really freaking painful so I will see
you guys tomorrow as always have a great
night and wish me luck with this thing
purely sucks bye guys
