when I go park super dog I said that
three times did she just stared at me
like I I'm not doing that it's hot out
and then of course they start recording
they pretend like they are listening and
they're good dogs
alright put your game faces on
okay so that kind of freaked me out
lesson learned guys Starbucks has
cameras on their drive-through little
talkie box things because like when I
would came through and I was like
alright girls put your game faces on
because what kind of get you and your
dogs I thought he just had like I don't
know telekinesis or telepathy or was it
telepathy I don't know I thought it was
psychic freaked me out
you might notice something different
today I'm actually wearing my eyeglasses
because I'm going blind
I don't think I'm gonna buy it it's just
like I don't know what it is it's like
my eyes will go out of focus randomly
and these are such old prescription I
need to get new ones but right now today
I'm four eyes just call me Charles four
eyes trippy do they make me look smart
get a little keep going over there
barley is in here the spot alright you
wanna do you want to do this just piling
mess over here you want to clean it up
want to help me clean it up every time
the holidays come I always just get so
distracted and just disorganized in my
entire office went from being what took
the Machine being awesome looking to
like this giant cluster F of a mess so
now I'm trying to fix it before I have a
nervous breakdown I just I have to have
things clean otherwise they just I'm not
productive or you just feel like brief
anxiety you know what I mean like much
better I still find it super funny that
on my desk I have a VCR goes there we go
okay stay focused stay focused on your
awesome little rollerblades now god oh
god
Pizza french fries I don't think it
works the same way with this oh she's
like yeah I'll get the rollerblader I
got the skateboard
NordicTrack that's how you use the skate
like that because I didn't understand
that I had to like push out so I just
pushed straight and I was like I could
not do it I think she got whiff of a
squirrel every time she gets a squirrel
I go flying you just fall on the ground
that's a pretty much how you have to do
it right it was a squirrel squirrel
power I just need to put like a squirrel
in front of Marley and she's good she's
good
come on Marley let's go let's go Zoe
where's the squirrels just get pretty
good an epic battle of biblical
proportions what I thought it said don't
feed the Gators but it says don't forget
it we're gonna go play some mini golf
and we're gonna make it interesting
we're gonna have challenged it I think
we should each be allowed each like a
different challenge like closing our
eyes and stuff wait that's right
this is crucial this is crucial I would
I'm gonna get the orange you should eat
that one
oh they do have I see so baby alligators
eat your face off
poor alligators I fell listen this kind
of music all day diet F just just put
one on everyone for me
oh the straight shot you can bank it off
here if you want thoughts of going
straight for the oh no sure I went to
put my bag away I'm gonna totally hit
his ball and not tell him
all right that's what and that counts as
one stroke when I write it down if once
I ride it I can't be on dad because I
don't have it eraser all right you
already one stroke huh you already have
one stroke what hit mine yeah
that's cheating no pressure no pressure
come on
oh oh so close also I almost just broke
my ankle falling off that slope alright
in the comments you have to choose your
team right now
are you team chef team Ally or team
Charles right in the comments you have
to pick it now because you got switching
not flip-flop and we don't flip floppers
here team dot have team ally or team
Team Trophy winner go to be team winner
like etsy dr. Valle needed company I
feel like there's some sort of like
problem with this course that the ball
ends up there every single time okay you
might want to move your ball you'll be
stupid balls in the way this was pretty
challenging it's got two bumps I feel
Golf Course like designers are just not
even trying it what like where's the
hippo where's the the windmill where's
the hippo in the windmill or the clown
mount this is this is nothing two bumps
all right choose the first challenge
only use your left
whoa what Hubble okay alright yeah cuz I
was gonna say if you won't was shooting
so late all the ladies are right but
also if your right hand you shot that
way you flip this way right you gotta
shoot opposite of what you usually do
challenge is number one watching me a
hole one knows dead-on nah Dahle winds
up winds up it looks good nope let's see
this is like the worst lighting ever my
life it's uncomfortable all right go for
it let's see it watch you make it watch
you make it oh that was so it is hard
that's what we should have done for this
one hit as hard as you possibly can Oh
God in the water no I can still hit that
out I can hit that out no don't leave it
I want to hit it from a play where it
lies I don't want to I want to hit from
the water eyes closed bouncing on the
water's edge that was horrible uh is it
going in horrible that was I've never
seen an albino alligator Portilla huh
alright one arm
oh yeah come on back yeah after 9:00
after 11:00 I'm only one behind and God
is one behind it wasn't filming but I
got a hole in one
oh yeah by the way I just hit dot says
ballin she got ahold of go go go go go
go go go no last one can bring it back
how long where she might be the lead I
don't even know who's in the lead right
now do you
now they pulled another freaking hole in
one hey you guys it's like keep
clinching right now who's gonna win
that's totally me Oh No Oh No how
confident do you feel really good yeah
you got one you got one I think we all
did pretty well ocean so wait all right
Charles is the last one we gonna tally
three six
no no I beat you bet by one every time
no yeah we should but I didn't want to
double-check that as well
you guys selected team Ally team Ally
one who was right in the comments I
guess there was no loser though dot F
and I tied well that's true
no calculation mistake oh wait did I
just get the third place Wow now the
walk of shame I lost I lost victory jump
wha-wha fat loser Ice Cream Sandwich
flavor
try one this one is probably awesome
come on let's try to make a mess here
there we go
ooh coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee
oh I know that is way too much coffee
coffee coffee coffee of course Ali goes
for the red velvet can you get some
gummi bears
tell me this yeah that's a gummy bears I
don't eat it there's some turtles on
there some turtles and everyone put some
Oreo chocolate sunflower seeds uh now
the fun fun task of taking down the
Christmas tree I know do you need a man
do you need anything
what if you need muscles I'm a big
strong burly man here no I'm sorry ma'am
if you need a big strong burly man yeah
that about the height it's about the
spring so I just came up with a pretty
ingenious Martha Stewart like idea like
cutting little pieces putting it in a
bowl and putting in the bathroom that
way Christmas it shut up and no it's
called Charles parade there we go see
ally has lost her mind she just watches
pancake commercials oh boy so we just
finished watching face-off which was the
movie that Dante and I selected to
review as per Charles's request and
recommendation for Friday CT epic cinema
I can't even talking about it now
I'm gonna have to I'll talk to you guys
about interviews if you want to go check
that out and I'm feeling better and
better every single day so I think I'm
finally gonna kick this thing that's but
not good night guys
wait
beauty with trippy
with trippy an early
