feel better feel better it's a two
bodies that's not a one bite it's a to
bite yeah if you got a little something
on your nose honey okay I don't get it
no oh I get it that was a mistake huh
what are you listening to wonder action
no that sounds an awful lot like one
direct way I want to show you this okay
hold on I got to show you is one
direction one direction first backs
Backstreet Boys what is it
alright hold on Backstreet Boys more
than that One Direction more than this
Backstreet Boys what makes you different
makes you beautiful One Direction what
makes you beautiful Backstreet Boys it's
got to be you One Direction got to be
you Backstreet Boys love will keep you
up all night one direction up all night
Backstreet Boys I want it that way one
direction I want know that is those are
blatant okay here was an I remember no I
remember back in the day the battery
boys versus in the same battle that was
a huge thing than 90 degrees came into
the thing here's the ultimate battle
forget Microsoft versus Apple forget
that right now
One Direction versus Backstreet Boys
tell me in the comments who's better
this this is good this is probably gonna
be more scary than the Apple debate
hey are you to press down there
I interfaces that are you depressed
oh she hides it now hi Joey oh good hey
another one of these weird gloomy days
but it looks awesome on this brand-new
camera though right
ruk dog you're a crazy crazy though
you're rowing days recognize that famous
statue or photo into a statue make it
out that it's taunting her
so he does do everyone sitting down nice
very good the book just like a bug just
flew in dots hair we're trying to come
out it just like fell apart we tried to
get a person she was like go do your
best impression of Zoey trying to get
the blonde to go one of those for the
bull we should for the pond we should
get one of those for the pond we would
just annoy everybody in our neighborhood
just driving that around okay okay go go
don't push me man go go okay there's
Miley and Charles and right there is a
squirrel and Marley is frozen she will
not go look at her she will not run she
stood she stayed like a freaking statue
Charles leaves her by herself she won't
go anywhere I know I'm not holding her
at all
what Marlee they helped him dodge trying
to hold Zoe back and she was she's
trying so hard to get away she did she
wiggled out doesn't sit down
the concentration concentration Jenga
Jenga Marley your your your balance is
uncanny concentration is awesome Hey
what are you doing up there being a
ninja where's he gonna get it is he
gonna go get a coconut do that one to
the right they go a little bit halfway
that's loud well you're in the plants
the motorcycles apparently this is like
some sort of down Thunder at the Bay or
down towns down under or something I
don't know a lot of motorcycles here I
think somebody's lost over there with
their little little trike over there
you should try it
whoa found the party no idea there's
some cool motorcycles what is that what
is what is this
Corie you want to go ask him what he's
gonna get us training wheels off that's
cool
did we get a motorcycle and get some
leather jackets to be a biker gang it's
pretty awesome and we've got their own
customized like jackets and everything
these are light ups that one lights up
and that one myself
barley sees a squirrel runs it to one of
the motorcycles and it just like daisy
chains and knocks it all down there's an
awful lot of leather here a lot of
leather this is sixty eight thousand
dollars what it is is it's a glass jar
with some painting flutter go by it
Mosca Wyatt I'm incredibly incredibly
proud of these two they've actually
doing really well especially Marley
she's not getting all anti-social
in fact she's finding every bit of food
she possibly can look at it I think this
is this is great oh my god there's chips
over here
look there she's like oh yeah steak yeah
buffalo wings
so the drunk people are starting to come
out Marley is a triple size so I got to
keep picking or up to make it really
tight so I let her walk in front of me
for one second she tried to take off in
your bar all right doctor have you're
gonna give me your pizza right now
Marley's working on Cory I know isn't so
good girls look at look behind you
they've been surprisingly good all day
though do you know that feeling where
you have to go pee so bad and you
haven't gone all day you've been like
holding it all day but then you're
really afraid to pee because you've been
holding all day like it just won't stop
or like it's just thinking out too fast
or something like that no anyone anyone
No cool really some get some come on
really nothing no TMI excuse me you're
interrupting my notebook time I'm
watching the notebook you see what you
want and I'll be there I want all of you
every day for the rest of my life you
dumb pissed
she looks pissed she's the abdominal
zone of Zoe monster oh oh
so Ali's been watching The Notebook the
whole time
you can cry oh okay here's the thing is
like I think the notebook it's one of
those tearjerker movies feel-good
whatever but I feel big fish is a better
one that's kind of hard I go on I feel
like they're different they're like I
feel like big fish is like if you like
it's less romantic yeah she's toast
lights out
I'm going to move the camera to
accentuate my boobs right now it's like
William Shatner vision chat what are you
talking about Ali what is your favorite
movie of all time
Zoe why are you so sleepy so in the
comments tell me which is more of a
tear jerker big fish or the notebook
it's it's pretty close but I feel big
fish is a little bit more dial-up tone
wait wait for it wait for it wait for it
you've got mail you've got mail give me
you guys I'm sure your computer right
now you're sitting there trying to do
the voice you've got mail I can't do it
for an intro for one of our shows you
know we always have intros and stuff
like that
Travis and I was act like talking or we
try to figure out like a funny intro and
I said we should use a dial-up noise and
then I stopped I was like younger people
won't know what $1 I know that is
something that's totally like art like
our generation but I feel like a lot of
people don't know what dial-up is
because they're always connected to the
Internet right pick a channel ally keeps
going between Austin Powers Goldmember
and the notebook oh I'm sorry I'm sorry
and a Kardashian show my face is
literally going from yeah Goldmember to
I just tweeted it that's my that's how I
tell you to do things you like my tweet
what what was that
I hacked Ally's Twitter you are ticklish
I know so Ali is trying to make this
weird sinus solution of garlic it's just
garlic and water it gets rid of vampires
as well but now's the Bob whatever her
daughter is but now's the Bob
Renesmee but you know literally shoot
this up your nose yes you guys like how
I just caught that holy crap
it looks like a good concoction and
we'll just shove that up your nose not
helping
don't do this cuz I don't know if I'm
gonna have to go upwards upwards like oh
so would you recommend doing what you
just did don't ever do it
it burns like fire oh my god it's
horrible what if I'm like permanently
damaged no just watch your you'll be
Italian you'll just smell Italian the
other side now oh it literally smells
like a fart or an onion you can all see
I've never been so serious in my life
do not do that like you will start
crying do you feel better I have a
really high tolerance for pain that was
intensely do you feel better no don't do
it
murdered my face off God don't do that
oh no I press got a furnace smell like
garlic
will you keep away Renesmee
worse yet
giddy with y'all trippin
with Gertie and Ally
