if two witches watch two watches which
witch would watch which watch food for
thought what's up with all you guys
everyone just sleeping Ali's sick again
you got you tomato soup and your grilled
cheese what is it it's tomato bisque but
it's like weird you're literally just
eating spaghetti sauce oh just put some
marinara in there did she tell you to
keep a distance I don't know what is
going around with everybody but this
this strand of common cold is seriously
it's going this this how funny would
that be instead of like you know like
there's AIDS there's cancer there's
there's all sorts of disease molaro all
these sorts of diseases that could kill
people watch the end of humans the
apocalypse is going to come from the
common cold
it's like didn't see it coming watch the
common cold will get us all I know
everyone was better I was better and
then then you meet somebody new and then
they give it right back to you and it's
a new one it's new variations you know
when your hair is getting long when you
get into a car and you're like ducking
because you think somebody's like poking
at your head but it's just in hitting
the roof got to go fix this camera
because alley broken alley alley broke
this camera I didn't break this one
alley dropped and broke this one so I
had to fix it because I have to camera
in two weeks
they're just race smooth move alley in
the comments that way that way if she
ever tries to blame it on me we'll have
this as a reference so smooth move Ally
well I got some good news they're going
to exchange it but they don't have it
here so I have to go drive and get it
get this because like if I guess across
the counties or something like that
I made a dollar they refunded me a
dollar so I get a new camera and I got a
dollar look at this cluster ass come on
there we go now where am I gonna go you
know it's been so weird lately it's been
like really muggy I don't know if you
can see it's like all this like it's
like hazy it's like New York weather you
know like when is the Sun doesn't come
out and it's Florida Sun supposed to
come out just like really the gloomy
weather makes everyone really depressed
and I'm sure that's why everyone's even
more sick but it's just been so weird
lately
I'm still driving to get this camera
what is happening to Florida with all
this traffic it kind of I wonder do you
guys think we'll ever see like flying
cars we have the Google car which can
you know self-drive itself but do you
think we'll ever have like a flying car
that would be so cool
would you rather have a self-driving car
but it's on land or would you like a
would you rather have a flying car cuz
like with a flying car you would have to
you know you self the drive with an auto
driving car you wouldn't have to you
probably would have to get a like a
pilot's license hmm ah things Charles
thinks about randomly when he's stuck in
traffic okay now we just gotta load it
with previous memories from earlier
today
previous memories the last three years
I've had this memory card for probably
three years this thing has recorded
three years of vlogs this little dude
okay here alright thought it was some
memories watching all those old videos
my parents they had you know with a big
giant camera that was like this big and
stuff like that and now considering this
is
what I'm you know considering that I'm
using a phone right now know what we
might have flying cars ah much better
looks good on you guys looks good on you
all right so does anyone know exactly
look what fun Ford shit no one forward
there's a barricade their blasted
concrete so does anyone know what number
camera this is anyone Oh finally able to
get up and shower I don't know if you
guys can tell based on how I'm speaking
I don't know what's going on I thought I
was getting better and I was so happy
and I really thought everything was
gonna be totally fine and then a couple
days ago I woke up and just felt like
complete but hopefully I'll be better
really soon and I want to I need to get
back to posting stuff I didn't post
anything on Ali this week I was supposed
to post cinema I'm gonna be getting back
on track next week I think I might try
to go to a walk and click tomorrow can't
wait anymore I need like two antibiotics
I always like I hate taking antibiotics
like I always wait as long as I possibly
can but I just I can't avoid it I don't
think I think I have to kind of break
down and do it cuz this is lasting a
really long time you like this head head
where you like that like my conehead mmm
chicken gizzards it's gonna wear that's
a selling point
I don't know guys I think I might have
to pull over and get some chicken
gizzards right now hey Marlon you want
to put me on a skateboard Bob are you
want to pull me on the skateboard take
okay I thought I found Zoey's harness
let's find yours she's I'm so excited
Zoey don't worry I will make you pull me
huh
this it no these are a lot of frisbee so
they call you that that's on the crate
sweet I think that'll work yeah shake
whoa whoa whoa dude all right ready
wanna pull me on this keyboard out so
you want to go um
mush Marley mush mush very much
this is this is loose okay there we go
there we go I think I need to get a bit
of harness so easily
well Marley didn't like the harness I
think it was too big for so I think we
have to go get our new one well get you
one that fits cuz now she's pulling now
she's pulling again let's go
you having fun my turn
when we get on the board this is how
it's gonna keep going back and forth I
think that is the problem that we both
keep taking each other's thick did you
get your new camera today yeah no
breaking it this time I want you broke
the last time he's always like uh i
lured ago you destroyed all my beds
where do I go
I don't want clean beds so Ali obviously
hasn't been feeling good so I'm gonna
make her a nice dinner and I got it her
favorite thing ever
wait let there be light all right what's
thing do you think Ali would want when
all medicine fails cupcakes fill the
void covered almond and brownie cupcakes
I think Ali's going to feel a lot better
I can't do this with one hand what
happened to my talent you ready for me
to win the best husband award okay
that's not creepy at all Zoe crazy
leaning with a knife all right close
your eyes I hope the knife down yes
brownies and then now you have to get
better that's a baby
uh syrup that's the part that I have the
problem it's not even the flavor it's
like the fact that it's all like wah and
yes that is an adjective
wha how you describe the syrup I'm sorry
I'm sorry
my dog has to clean up after me you you
you done yeah you didn't drop anything
good today there is trash you found
something didn't you promise not to go
in trash can right there shake ya shake
on it
come on come on come on okay it's
legally binding in the state of Florida
so I cleaned all the dog bedding and I
see I just laid this down and they just
both barley perotta
zowie burrowed under it then Marley
started brewing more Zoey started
growling they're like oh so clean I want
to dirty it up first
how you doing this so fast took me like
30 minutes to do that it's so
complicated or you have no bottom though
it's always just watching you like yeah
so we're gonna watch this movie it's
called looper and it has Ali's boyfriend
Jonathan and my boyfriend Bruce Willis
oh my god seriously like a badass come
on dude really come on well what just my
blanket is there a problem you guys did
not clean the top part I want to go on
the bottom come on dude
all right well fine always laying what
in the heck I'm so excited
please I do it every time whatever you
feel a wrath I hate putting the better
oils all over the clean stuff I will I
will
oil off I all these sheets if you don't
help me you better help don't do it lay
on the clean sheet lay on the lay on him
says oh I love clean sheets but I hate
putting them back on that's right you
finish that bed young man hello I would
rather clean up pee from a person that
has a colostomy bag leak
then have to put the sheets back on I'm
feeling a little bit better I rested a
lot today and took a lot of drugs
today's secret phrase is call a living
baby big old baby Ali today you seek
rephrase the Charles is a lazy husband
come on he's not really he's a good boy
but seriously are you gonna your
throwing stuff now you're throwing stuff
at the dogs oh my god Charles okay guys
I want to go do all that situation
it's a waiter
yes
with trippy
see
with Harry don't forget to
