I only have three more four more days
left why are you talking about my
calendar he knows I can't believe it but
we're taught say some say words I can't
believe it I have to get a new calendar
it sounds exactly the same man answer
just going to it it's so crazy to think
like that snake will be completely gone
by by the end of the day
wait isn't 2013 supposed to be the year
of the snake - yeah I thought I heard
that somewhere great awesome you're the
snake for me hey 2014's be like you're
the spider that'd be great what do you
want to do what do you want to do I
wanna do something I'm very very bored
hey hey dad do you want to go get a
coffee I would like to get one no more
coffee that should be your new year's
resolution no more coffee it's good it
no no no no no no no holy crap I was
driving by just drove back out and a
hawk
I'm not kidding I've tried I was
reaching for the camera so quickly a
hawk just flew down in front of my car
snagged the the snake the rotting snake
and then flew off
it was pretty crazy all right yeah
you've got your coffee no give me my
freakin treat Zoey Marley are now
addicted to Starbucks ferret pile my mom
can we get him can we get all the cuties
new can we get all of them all right can
we get one I would bet daddy would like
lady did you knock water all over the
floor Noah's me I did it not you know it
was Oh X where it was Zoey Zoey did it
you ready for your flea medicine you
ready for your flea medicine yes yes
sounds great look look nope don't eat it
don't eat it
thank you have enough pens for an
open-plan pen can I have them Charles
can I give you a tattoo you want to give
me a cool tattoo yeah where do you wanna
give it to me this is good cause it's
not as hearing okay
your face is hairy love hair look at my
arm my arm is not it's baby smooth
world's dumbest have to actually this is
my hey I'm getting you guys tattooed
everything okay where you gonna do there
he goes hold on you gotta get that noise
good come on what you ready - Oh Marley
help doggie
well this is bad X that out look you
can't X out a tattoo
you can't just eggs out of that - no
that's what so it looks like it looks
like a mouse no it doesn't that looks
like a puppy Abby yeah after this I
gotta give you a tattoo really now I
feel like you just half-assing your
happy legs there you go okay okay
no I wanna give you a tattoo no please
that manly that very macho manly like
yeah hold on let me just flex for you
does that turn you on machine is that oh
it's not mushy you mean it's rock solid
is it manly manliness looks great yeah
yeah you like that's you know that's
stupid
my car is disgusting I don't think I
think Charles took it through a car wash
we haven't actually washed our car and I
think nine months whatever that is mush
mush mush Marley mush Miley's
single-handedly pulling me right now go
Marley go go Marley go go there we go
she's like holy crap she's going so fast
this is awesome I got to show you what's
going on right now
this is Marley pulling Charles come on
girl
oh god I think we have a new favorite
thing to do here guys
I like it's always like not even
contributing at all it's all Marley come
on it's like oh wow you're so fast now I
like this and fun I think we found a way
to make Marley super skinny she looks
all right Marley you're gonna be super
skinny infidel ooh she really likes it
now we gonna get you a heart look so you
go look boy that was so much fun every
single time I come here I just walk down
the aisles and I'm like oh I can buy
8,000 of these so I never have to buy
that ever again but what I do is I buy
this stuff and I stash it somewhere in
my house and I don't remember that I had
it and I buy more later anyway then you
find it like that's right toilet paper
for the apocalypse yeah and it's kind of
like I'm mama to you I'm honey Boo Boo's
mom
hoarding honey boo boo my dude that's my
girl
no that's my girl don't talk bad about
my girl I got a new pen cuz I never seen
Sharpie pens before and these look
Bhalla and I got a new 2013 planner this
is gonna be excellent for planning out
all my videos because I've missed a few
days I haven't you know had stuff
prepared totally but I get back into
posting three videos a week on my
channel and we're going to reorganize
drunk gaming made my mom will guest star
guest appearance on dirt Gary please so
badly that I don't have to drink there
you go
well that's not the point of drunk game
drunk gaming isn't about being good it's
about being drunk whoever's the most
drunk wins Oh curly hair what's it look
curly hair is she doing like a spring
stop I want to play Tijuana
do you wanna do you want a Tijuana
burrito dudes dude
alright I'll get some hot sauce I had to
do it I had to bring a bottle home right
now
damn II don't shot of it doo dah loo
your mom look at her
you're an idiot oh my when you called on
me I got spice jalapeno victory I have
the iron stomach actually it's not so
bad you fart in fire every time I see
that always looks like a toaster strudel
to me
okay I'm eating cookie dough photos -
hold on one second I gotta show you
something really gross what I remember
my first time eating okay okay
I'm home I'm sorry I left special
delivery
stupid court sorry Marley so every time
I travel anywhere I always try to take a
photo of the location I am because I'm
like really obsessed with a geo-tagging
photos and I just looked after a year on
my phone cuz you know like the iPhone
does like a map and shows you everything
and I just want to show you what mine
looks like after a year this is 2012 and
it's incredible I just have to show it
to you guys you want to see this look
look at this
so this is what it looks like in the
United States we'll just pull out okay
there's South America I don't know how
that one apparently went to Africa at
one point here's all of Europe right
here you zoom in you can see all the
parts in Europe isn't that crazy
there's Tokyo there's the Philippines in
Malaysia
there's Australia
so if we just pull all the way out isn't
that crazy that's all 2012 I looked at
it and I just I just stared at it it's
like stunned and I just remembered I
liked all the awesome people all the CT
epic seers that had met this past year
and I'm just getting really really
excited for 2013 because that was the
2012 was a it was a hard year but it was
an awesome year you know what I mean and
then we're going back over there January
through February for the we the King
tour by the way if you don't have
tickets go to the we the King website
and go pick up some tickets I want to
see you guys make sure you get your
shirts and your hoodies you can actually
click right here and we still got that
by the way I didn't know if I told you
guys the hoodies are restocked in the
dark hoodies so you can click right here
and it'll pop right open look at Ali
okay I want you guys wearing all the
shirts coming through the shows I want
to meet a lot of you guys in 2013
because I want I want to double those
pins I want to double those you want to
come you should come when we do do your
Anne Hathaway lay misery
whatever cry yeah is a babe alley you
must earmuffs
she's a babe but she's the ugliest crier
I've ever seen in my entire life babe
both of the dudes Hugh Jackman and Phil
you know what it was it obviously said I
was
how was the saying she's an ugly crier
and worse yet sexy
which all tripping
with with Gertie and Ally
