it wouldn't be a new year without Marley
rolling in poop
anyone first 20 minutes I'm awake and
take the dog out she rolls in I try to
weapon Baba she reeks right now happy
new year go to lunch let's go to lunch
look wait are we gonna miss that John no
no don't do it up for see bad things
don't try to jump let's go load up in my
car
well we're gonna go far don't wait no no
after a night of partying it's
definitely what I need right now how are
you feeling
all right at work I'm a dragon right now
though I think everybody I should have
showed everywhere like Yuki's hair was
just like all eyes are just like
bloodshot yeah I think it's a funny
thing is going out in public like after
New Year's Eve and just looking at
everyone to just everyone even I got a
free coffee 2013 is awesome the year of
the snake
yeah yeah you get free coffee I clean up
dog food or dog rolling in person if you
welcome I'm sorry I'm an expert
yeah so funny because it's like it's
like his fat bastard before he did that
yeah like his grumpy Scottish if you
were my body and you think oh hey
it's not like that what's that what's
that right there
cool please it's so tempting yes faster
can I please have some no that would be
funny hmm look I just want to feed you I
just want to get rid of dripping on my
pain pants look at that I just in time I
just wanted the feed you like Justin
suggested just Kate you meeting friends
right now you clicking you collecting
people ever Sam's helmet oh yeah
Yahoo in this restaurant is she eating
super mario galaxy poster hello miss
pink pants hi so I decided to try to go
for a run
look what I almost stepped on what a
snake is that it alive he's like ants
around it need to poke it need to poke
it was something no it's it's definitely
dead there's answer calls on its head
what killed it doesn't look like it run
off or something like a bird poor snake
all right get up there little attic rat
we got to do some oh it's so much
cleaner now that we have all the
Christmas stuff on the house all right
back up in the spooky attic we got to do
some more renovations I think we got to
go over here on all right your your tiny
or you have to Gordon I watched watch
for spiders you wanna come do this nope
I hear spiders like pink pants they're
attracted to pink pants what did you
guys do the first of January oh geez
hi creepy Santa Holly why didn't want
creepy sand out this year why don't you
love me ollie oh oh I am always watching
you all right you got to go into the pit
I'm so happy that I have a wife that is
more daring and brave and awesome and
awesome oh fudge I'm so proud of you you
censored yourself oh oh I'm so proud
just don't go through the ceiling okay
yeah we're just follow the cords Hey
okay let's not step on the
air-conditioning yep that's what we're
here to fix alia the power drill oh this
seems so not safe at all in Crocs well
you screwed that pretty good
oh you afraid of the dark oh ah the best
part about having a party is to clean up
after I'm sorry I'm being sarcastic if
you didn't know keep cleaning costume
boy hmm well steam boy yeah that was
very anti-climatic oven no haze I was
expecting like a big explosion of a
noise it's just like that's all you're
doing
that's all it is
work it girl work it girl you're such a
little lazy Pudge you too you're a lazy
Pudge both of you both you what is your
new year's resolution run more you're a
Pudge you didn't run today either yeah I
did you did
I wrote it every day okay I'm on tell
him how often you run I run every day
how far do you run Jesus be legit oh I
got a booger on my hand up oh my god
clean your facial area don't know how
shechem's gonna play you show you how to
do it okay yeah exactly
well crap Oh everything's a barren
wasteland and closed oh I forgot
everything closes on the first starving
the desperation I go to get a burrito
I have to go Walmart since the world
including myself is currently trying to
avoid the the dreaded New Year's
hangover I think it's probably why I
haven't liked store closes early cuz
everyone just has a hangover and they're
just like screw it just closed the store
I don't care I don't like I said I
almost forgot it was Tuesday it's
Tuesday right it's a lot of a Sagami in
my tummy you say yeah oh boy this is bad
look at this we have nothing at all to
drink in this house at all except beer
champagne and that's it do I want to
drink Cholula sauce I don't I don't know
lemon juice oh there we go just straight
lime juice
get this hour when life gives you lemons
you make lemonade
screw it
like a boss Oh still oh good I'm Lou
Bega your Leland something's gone out
yet it's America all right how many can
you put down eight mill at the trick all
right
she's gonna go out right now I'm not
gonna go out I think you will not
there's no way I'm not mom if the world
like you I don't wait a minute I have
too many times too and I keep drawing
I've drawn I think all four of the red
eights so this is fun a hat check out
what I got I don't play a different game
that's equally as frustrating and I'm
also probably going to lose this one you
guys if you ever played phase 10 one of
the most annoying ones ever will the run
at nine is really hard but the seven
cards of one color because it's so easy
to catch on and as soon as someone sees
what color you're doing they stop
discarding that favorite things to do is
what I'm kind of like relaxing is to
basically just go on the CTFxC site and
just type in a random day just like 122
or 568 or 872 and just kind of random or
like randomly we live and kind of
remember certain things that I've
forgotten for example I don't remember
which day this is but like I don't know
if anyone remembers it's just Marley and
Zoey destroying stuff at one of our old
Tampa apartments it's a goofball yeah I
don't know if anyone remembers this day
or anything like that but it's just so
cool to kind of like watch this is like
from I think 2010 so crazy right if you
guys want a fun game just go to our
Channel and just type day and then a
random number like obviously it has to
be within the range that we've filmed
but like day 52 or day 172 or day 346
and just do that it's so funny where you
end up
come here here's like day 444 I think
they wonder over at this day bully
scared you I scared you
Marley I'm sorry I'm sorry did I scare
you
she's like oh that was so scary it was
so scary you so scary
you suck I'm gonna pee on your pillow
I'm really going to try to look into
doing ballet again because that's
something that I miss a lot and I
haven't done for like a few years now so
I think I'm going to start taking ballet
yeah and I'm super excited about that
rude I pooped with new people rude I
pooped on the pillow
see what you did
wait
hey where's easy a taxi
giddy with y'all trippin
let's see
with with Charlie
don't forget so a long
you
