there is no pink on that nose anymore it
is completely black what did you do to
it
what is wrong with their nose does
everything it just talks to our dogs
Oh your yes I was crazy
Zoe Alex you eat oranges off the tree
all the time that's so funny we were
just talking about my old dog lucky I be
I think lucky was using some of our old
vlogs actually where she was definitely
in the vlog I know but not as much as we
have these dogs but it's just so like
it's so nice to like see old video my
dad had some old footage of my dog and
it was so sweet to see her she was such
a good dog oh that's attractive
yoga puppy yoga
it's called Marley sits on you while you
try to breathe hey oh she's not throwing
she's good yeah fine I might not what if
she just threw up and braids on me oh
that's funny that's what a lot of babies
do when you have if you like you
airplane are like old babies over you
I've seen babies spit up in people's
mouths before it's disgusting I was
quietly making myself some leftovers
I hear Charles slamming all the doors in
the laundry room corn I hate it I pay
you to fold my laundry
hey laundry but he comes in here he goes
and you know what else I hate orange
freakin starburst large one pink one is
my red one is colorblind that is a red
wine that's red
oh yeah oh yeah he doesn't feel well
it's not his fault you feel sick
probably shouldn't be eating starbursts
that's probably not the best thing for
you well we were gonna go Zoe but Allie
decided to make a freakin turkey dinner
Oh looks like chicken looks like Zoe's
that looks like Zoe's bombing that's
exactly what Zoe vomit looks like look
at so he's hitting the bell and
everything so he don't hit the bell
Zoe hit that Bell she hit the bell in
the front and
she hit this Bell she's hitting every
single Bell possible like come on one of
these has got to work today you know we
have Tupperware this is torture for them
what did you try to do to them just
hanging out with Zoey Marly
alley-oop that's you al I went to go get
the stuff at Best Buy and we were gonna
go to the park and stuff like that so
I'm chilling with them right now at my
favorite place the game section we are
getting with Yuki a 3ds because it's his
birthday and so we are chipping in and
we're gonna get him at this perfect I
think you really would like that and
plus I just want to race more people in
Mario Kart so why not keep it um
preoccupied poke what you get that's
what you get us what you get what'd you
get what'd you get like what's it do you
know the first thing Marly always does
when I get a bag is this six-headed it
sticks her entire head inside a bag see
just to make sure they're related
anything food related in there for you
everyone so freaking hyper except me
do your best Marlee impression lately
smell smell smell
this isn't doing that she does that like
forward jug hoses forward and pose and
pose and though hey I'm sorry guys if
this camera goes in and out of
blurriness you can blame her for
breaking our camera yeah I didn't break
this one I have to get a replace
probably the next couple days that is
the type of dog that you would expect to
wear a jacket okay first we present Oh
she's so happy you can swing air game
he's gonna be unreachable for next
probably hour we're gonna yep that's
right another ally Charles just jealous
cuz he doesn't have one isn't that right
something's going on over here between
you King Cory I don't know if you kids
reenacting War of the Worlds Cory just
sip your drink
maybe Yugi get ready for it so what are
we here for I got a hot dog that's why
we're here we're here because Justin
wants on it's actually the police that
Charles they went first anniversary
dinner and it is delicious
they have like tapas style it's very
small portions no I did not say problem
it's like small portions you can share
and the thing that I'm getting again is
the bacon-wrapped hot dog
it's a topless wait I'm trying to think
of something that could you kids like
open sounds like open like old fun
t-shirt styles like maybe oh yeah thank
you I'm so excited
would you get fish tacos delish you know
I've talked about before how I like
Apple products how they're packaged
really nice I feel like the presentation
of food has so much to do with the way
it tastes to me no that sounds really
dumb but this looks amazing all right
come on it's time for a bath all right
come on really go wrong way I got you
this special stuff it's going to make
you stop itching
she's been itching like crazy they're
switching used to be the church okay
daddy I trust you as long as it makes me
feel better all right so it says the
wait ten minutes can you wait ten
minutes can't even look at you right now
I hate you so much what are you doing
over there let's look at the game before
I I hope this wasn't a game before so we
just invented this really awesome thing
actually
just invented this awesome thing where
you just put an apostrophe s before
someone's name so we've gone for the few
Corey said Brad Pitt Vladimir Putin
flattery I said Vera's Wang but Lu said
Kate smocks Kate Moss Oh Cory said
George's Bush just come up with any of
them there are many many good
opportunities to make jokes so play that
game the apostrophe s game share with
your friends yeah Leroy's you just said
mobis dick anyway screaming people
welcome to Sunday night looking I'm
itching anymore right you're so spoiled
I was literally laying on these pillows
and she came up just kicked laid on my
head and just kind of went like that it
started kicking me and just kicked me
off so this is day three of being
completely sick and I think it's the
final day I think you know like when
sickness is kind of running its course
and you can kind of feel a little bit
better like today I was feeling really
good I was like all up and ready to go
and then the second the Sun comes down
like for some reason it's like I'm a
vampire it's like wait that's the
opposite vampires go during the day well
you get the point the point is I'm
kicking this stupid cold but and I want
to thank you guys for all your remedies
in the comments last couple days because
I've been trying a lot of those so yeah
one of the weirdest one was like
something wrapping your I didn't try
this one but wrapping your feet and
vinegar or something like that it was a
very strange one but that works I mean
it's kind of interesting this freaking
weight of a cat pees in my mom sink and
she's gonna do it now watch her
what a freak of nature what the hell is
she doing
she's like nothing's coming up all right
take her off so I said I was watching
face off by the way it was face off with
a meme in the Nicholas Cage in the
screenshots if you guess that you are
awesome I'm watching another John
Travolta classic this is the this is the
little scene I'm gonna give you guys
does anyone know what movie this is give
you a hint I think it's the same
director as face off I think it is
seriously look at this does that not
look like the most comfortable dog in
the world
yeah yeah okay give me some grapes give
me some champagne and some grapes please
though it is actually it's New Year's
Day right now technically and we are
trying to think of some fun New Year's
Day games that we can play so if you
guys have any really fun ideas when we
take some lights on in here let me know
if you guys have some really five years
for New Year's games today was actually
his birthday so that's why I got to have
a little bit of fun but Charles is still
not a hundred percent yeah do we want to
make sure that he is healthy for when he
goes on his European tour so he stayed
home and rested a little bit but I think
our secret phrase should be happy
birthday Yuki so I'm gonna let you know
my resolutions tomorrow and you guys
think of yours think of good ones
because I want you guys to do some
kick-ass stuff for 2013 I cannot believe
this year is over it's been crazy please
please please be careful it's gonna be
crazy it's New Years Eve so just be safe
guys that's really really important all
right I just I love you guys and I don't
want anything horrible to happen to you
so just take care of yourself okay
a waiter
yes
giddy with child tripping
with Dirty Harry
