would you like a bagel man what do I do
with this would you like a bagel oh boy
did you like another bagel you guys
don't even know what to do with it
as big as your head we had to give Zoey
a jewel plate all right
keep it up keep it on the plate keep it
on the plate what is going on I heard
your phone ring on that my phone rang
and it said my mom was calling me and
then writing onto my phone which was on
the charger
miss call from Allie they call it a
ghost of Steve Jobs do you remember this
phone call this is when Justin's phone
called me and I final taneous like all
Justin's got out Kimberly like has been
pranking us for two months now with this
website so she has the recordings of it
every time it happens Coco go Coco for
the moon stop this is the kitchen you
disgusting yourself
it doesn't hurt quick it feels weird
it's a baby go for the gross angles
I wouldn't feel any growth angles like
Jason Tommy she doesn't even care she's
like barely running huh come go go
she has no idea what to do is she's like
oh you know Zoe Oh God okay Zoe's
chasing Charles and Marlo chasing Zoe
that was a great landing that was on my
husband decided it would be a good idea
to Boston
right on a skateboard got it while Intel
was out of the golf cart so slow grandma
get over wait please please don't I'm oh
there's a car and there's my dad on a
lot of hogs
how'd you get here Oh God
to the asshole who stoled the
decorations Merry Christmas and a Happy
Hanukkah they're really far away from
water
yeah do you want to be on YouTube you
came over here to hang out with us they
will save you all right George we're
gonna save you buddy don't worry don't
make it so weak god oh he is peeing on
you make sure he can walk that off you
can walk in this grass can a turtle walk
it goes we play that clip again
hey you Turkey that took you just like
shut up Kim you're drunk go home I'm
feeling a little bit better I felt like
if I was staying inside still I would
feel even worse so I had to just push
myself hopefully I don't care anymore
safe fight all right
hey some balls token whatever all
currency it was like this the yumbo one
the yum bows over here
well you kind of hit it hey go where did
that would even go you need to swing
through oh my god oh my god it went all
in your hi really cha hey dick great one
she lines up she bounces she swings and
she gets terrible she says sweep oh that
was good good job honey
grounder gone to the centerfield
so I've been hitting in over happy don't
worry it she just hit it like 220 yards
they've been laughing go for it
deaf this one they'll see cuz you that's
I was probably 200 yards nice we need
the golf cam that follows it as a false
you know all right here you go Kim you
have to wear the football helmet one
yeah my nothing's ever fill my head when
I was a little leaving I actually had to
have my own I'm gonna eat my Snickers Oh
cooties
that listen we want 70 60 50 40 to right
field me your best celebrity stance do
do you like ken griffey okay now give me
a ride go dad
you're gonna hit me there you go and the
pitch it's a long fly ball field uh
excuse me ma'am ma'am hi you're supposed
to be doing that ma'am that's why we
have robots so for those of you who are
subscribed to my iPhone channel which is
youtube by cops that's trippy alley and
I shot like a really cheesy slow motion
version of the golf thing so you can
click there on the screen or in the
description but it's just kind of like a
little bonus thing I'm sure most of you
guys know about it hi We're the trapeze
we come from Planet Larry's da hey guy
hey guys if you didn't know I had
squirrel I have a school for you guys if
you didn't know it's an extra for you
guys before I was rudely interrupted
what I was saying was make sure most of
you guys already know that we have an
iPhone channel for when I travel and
stuff and I'm just too impatient for the
vlog so if you don't already know
hey you know what you embarrass us dodo
it her daddy so cute well most noble
with you she's never too big I'll make
sure you're hot enough to be having a
fever Yeah right
it's seriously like she's like a space
heater and then pan over there he's like
man I don't care yes she does look kind
of mad actually we're what is wrong with
this picture or this video there used to
be food on this table and now there's
not well kind of
I took my weird thing where I leave the
end of it right I wanted a malt and I
have been Stella Artois even our Tod hey
guys so everyone went out to go eat
dinner and I was just not feeling good I
does you guys saw I was just kind of
passing out on the couch then I went to
go make food and I realized I had no
food so I had to go to store and get
some food I feel like not drunk but I
just feel like yes super freaking weird
right now like I think it's called
medicine handy you know what I mean like
where everything just feels like all
groggy and stuff you don't want this but
dirty if I turn my head sideways does I
mean I could have it now don't you need
a license for these
warning and do not use if you are not
qualified
oh yeah there's your name and what does
that mean it's after midnight now it's
definitely already your birthday last
night I had this dream about this movie
and I just turned on Netflix and I'm
gonna give you guys look at this is the
movie okay can anyone guess which movie
this is I literally had a dream last
night that I was in this movie and I
just turned on the TV and I was like oh
my gosh I have to watch this movie and
here is another hint can you guys guess
what movie this is anyone know you know
what speaking of which why on earth is
this not a meme yet it's like the
perfect thing it's the perfect thing
ever here in the comments was just bliss
let's do this okay what would you guys
type on this if this was a meme
what's your meme the Nicolas Cage one
yeah herim Nic Cage
yes
with tripping
to be an ally don't forget
