so I'm finishing up the video and now
he's not letting me get out of bed I
feel like crap do I have like snot
hanging from my nose
zowie birth all of you trippy the bird
was by the freaking up looks like the
birds back for round three girls they
call really is he gonna move you guys
one again after the hilariously funny
defeat they're not letting that bird win
again wait why does either take my
grandma's car first and because she's
visiting and she has a lovely little
Prius I drove it fine we went to the
post office to pick up mail and now
what's happening well I can't get it to
drive it will not get out of park and I
just keep saying there's a problem with
the lock mechanism and I did nothing
wrong
like I put my foot on the brake put the
car in here and it did not do anything
gave me a warning light started beeping
at me and swearing at me in Auto
language I don't know what it's doing oh
yeah and the other thing is that we're
freaking starving and now we can't go
anywhere Kim said something great -
what'd you say you're like how many how
many idiots does it take to start a
salon huh we can't we can't start the
car
I don't a nut start the car the cars
started we can't drive the car I feel
like so much crap right now we're gonna
make some soup and I'm like looking at
the the nutritional facts there's like
1500 milligrams of sodium in a tiny kind
of soup up that
I almost feel like I didn't have to even
believe that my voice cracked so bad
well is ordering me to stay inside and
don't go anywhere I don't know how long
that's gonna last but it's an excuse to
play this it's funny I was sitting here
playing Assassin's Creed and if you
listen you can hear all the birds I was
like wow there's a lot of birds out so
now I get this awesome like tranquil
like reign as well as the birds from the
game very peaceful I can't play with
your big butt in the way well you know
what I'm sick yeah that is an excuse
Marlee I'm sorry that you and Zoe are
both board you have toys everywhere
Marlee I know it's okay I forgive you
Thanks second side of target why do they
keep it so cold you could eat meat in
here it's also raining outside it's like
double cold I'm getting medicine for my
poor baby doesn't feel well gotta find
some orange juice too all right I'm
gonna make him a sickness cocktail just
kidding I'm not gonna do that's like a
jagerbomb
of epically gross proportions let's go
eat Oh the medicine or juices that is
that you know what I was gonna do it's
gonna be like a bomb and just drop it in
there and make you drink them both
together that was worse than brushing my
teeth and drinking noises oh oh baby I
don't sound good
you take care day my business is great I
finally made it
into so long and I'm so confused I don't
have a family meeting
guess what that is what you just say it
was chocolate like the kinder open it
you can't guess what it is you're not
gonna guess it probably poem lip balm
and you just like put it's really like
fun to put on that's where he's a
gentleman again it's like such a goofy
thing I knew he wouldn't know what it
was I feeling babe before you got a for
right now I'm passing the flag off the
Charles for a second so I can show you
guys a surprise thing that I just got
for the puppies thank you
put down the mom I have enough winter
jackets so I got you guys winter car we
got Oprah in the house her tails us back
and Zoey the head yeah that's it ill you
actually just spit all over the place
did you get a bath
nope Marley did oh she's running she's
like did you just say Beth because I
really don't like can't hide by the
person who says do you want to bash she
came to my kid by me she knows oh look
at her she's like she's like pressed up
against me everyone flees everyone's
happy everyone's clean everyone's happy
yes they are
whoo that's some strong medicine
remote was there oh boy oh boy is hook I
need to just stay back in the room play
some more video games oh these are our
options for apples to apples we have
radiant and here are the categories are
the Lea choices sanitation's homeless
shelters hair transplants Chinatown also
ready and Cindy Beltran and UV rays
UV rays we did that's that's like too
good that's hysterical
Oh starting to feel a little bit better
at least I'm not like in the room
anymore but I was gonna like every time
I'm sick I always do the same thing I
always do tomato soup and grilled cheese
sandwich I think it just has something
to do with when I was younger that's
just what happened that's just what my
mom made I mean I seriously doubt the
cheese and then the sodium and the soup
makes you feel any better but I mean I
don't know maybe it's a mental thing do
you guys have something like what what
do you guys do when you're sick
obviously take medicine rest and stuff
but do you have like a certain like
ritual or something that you believe
makes you feel better let me know in the
comments because I'm up for a new new
little tradition
well the nyquil is starting to hit me
now and I'm going to fall asleep as soon
as this bright light is off of my face
but I just want to say thank you for
understanding guys I basically I want to
get rid of this this cold before it gets
any worse so that way I'm not out for
more than a couple days so hopefully
tomorrow I'll be fine and everything of
mechnimals like you know what I mean I
get like cold or something every was
wrong but I haven't been like six like
this in a while so I just want to be
done with it thankfully I'm from Florida
and orange juices orange juices vitamin
C what am I talking about you see what I
see with the vitamin C Wow okay I gotta
go alright guys I'm going to bed I want
to make sure Charles is getting his rest
he hasn't been feeling well I actually
posted a new cinema video today on my
channel so you should go and check that
out if you haven't already thank you
guys so much for watching we'll see you
tomorrow
it's done
were safely at sexy
with y'all trippin
with champion
over here so anymore
