hello guys this is what's happening
today this is merely for me I don't know
what's going on with my computer but
like the keys certain keys aren't
working and they keep getting stuck and
I've read that the new MacBook Pros the
ones with the touch bar a useless tool
has issues because it's a new type of
keyboard so I get to take my computer to
the repair shop and be without a
computer
hopefully they actually I don't know
maybe they can do it today first got the
new camera which by the way doesn't it
look so much better
we don't look super orange look at Ali
doesn't look like you didn't pull don't
play anymore
doofus McGee over here uh totally
totally lifted scheduled at the wrong
Apple store I show up and he's like I
got a Charles something and he's like no
not That's not me
he's like which last name trippy no I
don't have anything he's like but I have
right here oh it's at the Brandon one
now here's the bad part Brandon's like
45 minutes away from us and our
appointment is to so now it's waiting
there and a half but it's okay because
we gotta get it fixed
well we gotta leave it here we got my
computer that's just but a bang you okay
he's feeling a little funky right now
wonder why because he's captivated by my
love this man over here is about his
33rd year of life yeah
I'm struggling like I'm seriously
struggling so hard to figure out what to
get him for his birthday because he has
everything everything I don't fix
keyboard yeah but I can't do anything
about that right now I need your help
what should I get this man for his
birthday and I know that sounds a little
bad and probably makes me look bad but
seriously he has everything I thought
about getting him a drum for Christmas
or he got him a drum for Christmas guess
what he did bought himself one oh yeah I
did do that I've done so many different
something that I'm like I don't want to
buy necessarily clothes or anything like
that because most of the time he just
wears the same thing that he already has
he's pretty easy with that but I've been
trying to figure out something really
wonderful to do for his birthday well
there's something bigger small he's
actually a pretty awesome he doesn't
really want me to eat too much from but
if you guys have any really rad ideas
for birthday gifts tell me in the
comment section below I'm not going to
say I'm gonna do internet so that'll
give it away a but put it in the comment
section below because I'm very
interested to figure out what you guys
think I should do or if to find out what
you guys think I should do
Ally's new addiction is string cheese
sharing is caring in my world this is
where I almost like hit that lady
remember that but seriously she has like
four views a day now fifth one for right
now days not over
good news computer was the thing other
computers fixed all they needed was
compressed air
I don't know last couple days I'm gonna
put you right here so I get why am i
driving cuz you're driving
camera well I am happy now that my
computer is fixed
I wasn't feeling kind of I was I was
actually feeling pretty crappy earlier
today I kind of had this like weird
shaky thing my hands were like started
shaking and doing that I think I might
because last night I didn't get much
sleep for some stupid reason I just
could not get the bed like it just sat
there and I thought about them do you
guys do that like when you just think
you're like doing nothing like in bad
use in your accounting or here's my
favorite thing okay so I'm getting a TD
if you guys have like the ceiling that
looks like popcorn ceiling there was
little dots everywhere on your ceiling
do you guys ever just sit there and kind
of like make like animals or things or
items out of the dots with your brain
like you big oh there's a cow there's a
race car or am I just insane because
that's the kind of stuff that keeps me
up at night somehow but I feel better
now I'm less shaky alleys getting some
food right now so that way we can kind
of just kind of chill but as you
probably can see it is going to pour
again
gotta love hurricane season in Florida
but the good news is it's kind of lame
to say we haven't had to run the
sprinkler system it's so lame to say but
it's true
saving money do you guys want me to feed
you or do you want to just do it this
way it's not Friday just back it up let
me feed you guys just act like you don't
ever eat come on give me a break
it's pretty cute though give it to you
it's gonna go play the game go play pack
dogs look at the pac-man oh yeah nope
geez I'm going for the stores so look no
that way look like there we go
the game will always and forever be one
of my favorite things in the world is
watching them this do you wanna play
she's this was standing there for a few
minutes think just waiting to go or
confused what's going on it's officially
taco night in the trippy household for
some I don't think I've ever set the
Tribune household before which is kind
of cool I'll sound good feeling right
there I feel like I'm always telling you
it's a taco night or Mexican nighttime
that's like my go-to thing to cook is
Mexican food even though I'm probably
not even doing it there at least bit
authentic I know I love tacos so much
Charles knows this she always ask me I
like great food and I love having any
type of Mexican food and he always makes
fun of me because he feels that I don't
really anything sighs those two we're
just very very very true yeah that's all
I have to say right now so dumb I don't
know it's been a weird the weather puts
me to funk and I don't think that I make
a lot of sense when the weather is funky
and I'm like hat my head is cloudy she's
been one of those days guys
oh my wife beats me
you just did it on camera you verbally
abused me - you wanna eat the dinner I
got you appetizers
Oh cherry on top it's actually called a
red nipple he's been on a roll today but
can you talk I sponsored by snapchat is
that possible I make more filters for me
you don't have pink
your think about your nipple fell out
it's an inverted nipple I made dessert I
hope the girls forget I made something
don't start a war did you make that from
scratch is that what you went and did it
in pottery class I think I was talking
about I want to try to do Internet's
ever done it yeah it's kind of like
glassblowing there's something on that
Groupon or something I saw in st. beat I
know today's a lot of weird things for
me to be saying I know it's on Groupon
guys it's like living socials totally
got the deals right now anyway I saw
something where he can go to your own
wine glasses kind of like you know you
can do the like the pottery thing but
you get the blow glass and I always
thought that was the coolest most
interesting things so I'm gonna see if I
can contact the company and see if he
can go in and film and do all that stuff
I think it'd be kind of fun looks like
I'm doing
it looks give it texture
see how it almost looks like feathery
mmm do you want me to paint it I bet I
can make it really awesome I have sold a
painting you have to remember that I'm
actually a paid artist a successfully
paid artist remember I made that
Simpsons boat painting for charity you
don't even have to be a good artist you
just have to have a carrot or someone
like just say it's good art you don't
remember how long ago I painted actually
it was to do a flashback that painting
actually sold for it was how I was like
a thousand dollars or something like
that and we used that money and I'd be
sent it to brain cancer research I think
it was a natural brain tumor Association
of America which was amazing you have to
do because I love I think that's amazing
that you guys helped do something nice
like that and donate stuff like that but
also at the same time it made me look
like a freakin awesome
paid artist like a professional artist
because technically you're you're a
professional if you're paid for
something like I'm a professional
youtuber there's a lot of professional
youtubers now I can say I'm a
professional musician I'm a professional
painter now pour it in this really weird
weird random day I just want to remind
you guys if you did not see our RV dance
music video thing that we did for our
trip
go check that out put a link in the
description basically what we wanted to
do was we wanted to make a two-minute
video summarizing our trip on our
honeymoon basically because you know we
wanted to show people everything you
know friends and family what we know
nobody ever likes looking at people's
vacation photos let alone fifty thousand
photos of the same mountain five feet
apart that Ally did so go check that out
guys watch yesterday's video subscribe
you guys are brand new like the video
you you know I don't you don't throw
this you know what the dating a
professional youtubers you've watched a
million one videos do all those fun
things enjoy that video and I will see
you tomorrow have a good night and
