good morning guys today is day 1 3 3 7
and if you guys don't speak leap hacks
or that's very leet but what was that
that was kind of strange
huh it's like falling code it's very
leet it's super cheesy matrix falling
code come outside I'm sorry I did not
realize that you wanted to come enjoy
this beautiful day yeah that was where I
was actually exactly going to sit but if
you want to just go ahead and fine I'll
sit on the dog bed no you can't just
come down here now always freaking out
sorry what are you freaking out about
Oh God I got a stick yeah please show
today babe yeah get better you go back
to sleep
oh my god shut up don't stop Allie for
the first time ever since I've known her
I was telling her story because
coley-cole ik by the way he's coming
from Connecticut and he's stuck with all
the blizzards and he won't get here to
about 6:45 for the show starts at 8 and
what did you say you said oh my god shut
up said that bring do you don't stop I'm
on my way to soundcheck and nerd rock
just texted me and he's like dude could
you please bring me some caffeine so I
just got a bunch of etiquette teachings
for all the guys yeah we got to run over
the soundcheck we're hearing the fire
marshal is going to be there
because it's supposed to be like really
really really packed which is really
exciting
and I just talked to Danielle from
boyceavenue they're gonna be doing a
song with us too so a lot of awesome
stuff Zoe go Zoe go there we go go there
we go go go get in the bushes she's
going absolutely nuts because the
weather is beautiful today you going
crazy though what you doing check this
out this is what my dad just found
remember when we were playing pumpkin
slash squash baseball well this is one
of them growing up and so is that and so
is that
and there's me pop it out right so is
that and so is that you got one actually
still got the seed on it we got to save
them so you know pumpkins for next year
just got some good news Cole he's on his
way
flute hunter no the crew is back here we
go we got everyone we got D arrived at
Kohl's B dirt rocks always here and
Yoshi 2013
I haven't seen this one since World War
I don't know if this shows up on camera
as much as I can see it in real life but
like what helped dirty you guys remember
at the beginning a World Tour how clean
and white they were now look them coal
is still missing so traveling in
I found a really cute sweater dress I
totally get I don't need any more
sweaters did you finally pick out a New
Year's outfit oh yes thank goodness we
are gonna run out of time
not really but we have to get ready
super fast and I think we all know that
I'm not good at that I think that you
guys have seen enough vlogs with me
taking four flip and ever to get ready
that you know that I'm always late and
I'm never I'm never like on time and I'm
never the first one ready so so we're
rushing rushing rushing rushing rushing
to go to the hometown show and I have to
bring Charles food he hasn't eaten
anything this is a ding dong don't
stress just get undressed
okay now you girls better hold down the
fort hold down the fort while we're away
all right so we're working on her secret
surprise secret surprise that's no
secret anymore
Boyce is gonna play some songs with us
and then they're gonna play a couple
songs and we're gonna play fix you the
whole play covered that they did next to
our wedding song too
imaginary base that would have really
funny if you were to mess it up we're
waiting this is everybody at the front
door and it is no and I'm gonna go
inside I love you guys so we were really
afraid that the fire marshal was gonna
like you know shut us down and stuff
like that
ingenious stealth ninja moves that I had
we were able to get everyone in not just
me
scoot scoot snitches need your skills
helped showed up
no video
there's Charles in the dark over there
you can't even see him
another awesomely fun show then do the
new rock and we gotta fly it back so
it's always best at the end
time to go home push me a bullet there
we go right there you go
alright guys well I am going to go to
bed it has been an unbelievable day the
hometown show was a complete success so
many awesome people came out I had no
idea how to turn the lights on there we
go you know what for the secret phrase I
know my voice is completely gone right
now a screen with so much to the stage I
just want to know as of now what your
favorite part of 2012 was we want to do
this again you know on New Year's and
stuff like that but for right now
because like I feel like it's been such
a crazy year the hometown show feels
like yesterday and all that fun stuff
and I feel like it's been a ride for
everybody you only mean you what stress
it I I want the most leet hacks or
talking speak that you can do in the
comments cuz - look look look down look
down it's day one three three seven soul
eat there are 1 0 1 0 1 0 K 1 3 3 7
where's the next milestone mm
merci psst
with child tripping
with trippy an alley
