where did that rain come from it came
out of left field you watching the rain
yep pretty soothing probably not for
that though OMG finally this past case
it's been a week since I lost my member
I lost my credit card my wallet and
stuff like that
but I had to cancel it just in case cuz
it was gone and I just finally got the
replacement right now I've listened why
this has been a week now I have not had
any means of paying for things I
couldn't go into the bank and withdraw
money because I didn't have
IDenticard and you guys already know my
phobia about going into banks you know
the one day I go into a bank it's gonna
be held up or something is it a rational
fear I know I know
do you like that jar that's so pretty
why am i letting you do this again how
do I get it off now oh come on now that
looks awful it's like it's like somebody
didn't like the smudge tool on my face
in Photoshop that's what that it's
exactly what it looks like ah the joys
of having a white dog yeah actually I
think I have a little bit of Marley on
me too
there we go I was at the store the other
day and somebody actually was behind me
and just picked up a bunch of hair and
it was just trying to help me out I told
him it was like an endless battle or not
this is not popper eyes
we're gonna we're looking for New Year's
outfits hot
this is Ali being a noob okay they're
like that see so you got a hold it
camera like that we're just walking
around staying arm in circles you want
to go here
meet slapper did we just find your
mothership the hottest place in the
world
pepper power I think you need to take
pic a little gander and man he can't he
can't resist he's going in
oh wait you can try samples try sample
do it you try one you pick one for you
and I'll pick one for me
all right Kim I will pick one for you
and then you have to pick one for me no
you don't get to play because you're not
playing you don't get to play all right
try this one's gonna melt but ghost
pepper Kim Kim has to try the southern
redneck sauce all right so like what are
you having the 10 the hottest sauce
because I went on those okay let me see
oh I don't know how much you put on fire
anything he's turning red his face is
turning red slow burn
the hottest sauce in the universe
there's a red flashing light commentator
if you if you try with a toothpick you
get smaller families they only give you
a toothpick to try it and they give you
cool with I'm not
well actually the keys right there so
it's not too locked if you kind of go
over here extracts can cause injuries to
bear skin and you're gonna put that in
your mouth go to the camera satchel you
try this that's fine not even spicy
probably a big baby anymore alright when
you go for now still going after that
last one I had the one Kim had oh yeah
this one's yes the key
that's crazy
is spicy tears are coming to advice I'm
still debating Ali Ali hey you have
shoes on you try and shoes on in the
store I don't think she can hear me
Wow can you hear me what what what's
going on I can't hear you huh
the barely fits around my big head you
should get this one are you not a beauty
he's gonna kill himself
oh sure you just dented the shut the
door I didn't know doors hits vodka I'll
be
so is this a step to addiction where you
take the Xbox and you bring it into the
bedroom I say so what a beat assassins
made before we leave for tour but you
know what like people are like you know
sometimes watching TV in the living room
and then social lives and interacting
with humans sometimes you just gotta go
in another room and play video games
it's normal right
actually this is completely something I
should have told you guys the other day
but I completely forgot the hoodies and
the dog cookies have been restocked it's
a limited stock but if you go to CTFxC
merch calm you can actually get it
actually you know what if you click
right here there's a new little
annotation click right here and it'll
actually open its spec it's super powers
but yeah I just want to let you guys
know quickly if you wanted the hoodies
and stuff like that
they've all been restocked and the dog
hoodie so right there I'm gonna try not
to die
I'm so sad Christmas is over I have to
take all the decorations down I love the
light so much I hope you guys all had a
really great Christmas and if you guys
didn't celebrate Christmas I hope that
you guys are going to have a really nice
new year it's actually know today is the
hometown show which is so exciting and
I'm so so proud of Charles it's so hard
to believe that like it was just over a
year ago I think that he joined up with
with the Kings and like it's just been
so amazing I think that he's really
enjoyed getting to come and meet all of
you so if you guys you know if you're
coming to the show today that's great if
you aren't we would love to meet you
elsewhere you should definitely try to
go out and see them because it's just so
much fun so I'm really really excited
for the hometown show and I'm sure I'm
gonna meet some of you guys so it's
gonna be awesome
char's going to bed goodnight he doesn't
feel well I think he just took some
Michael and he's going to bed now I
think I gave him my sickness I was sick
and I'm better and then I get back to
him I feel so bad just keeps going
around he's just like I can't I gotta go
to bed so I had to show you guys this
you can actually see this is Charles's
screen and that right there dang it I
totally screwed up the camera oh no
here's one example of fun stuff
stand behind the couch and watch Justin
plan his gigantic new phone what are you
playing what imagine hell yeah I love
World of Goo this game is so fun
gorgeous I think the first time I ever
saw that game was back when I went to
meet cory williams smpfilms for the very
first time like toi your girl Zoey love
you love you
today mom I love you good night you guys
I guess we'll see you next year it's
time for me to go back into my storage
box I'm sad now okay especially bye
it's
I killed
yes
with trippy
with trippy an alley
