what say I don't get it this is usually
so scared
is that your way of getting back at the
bird well if you're gonna move I'm just
gonna poop
I'm so confused these things are so
scared of me usually oh okay you just
scared the pee out of me girls let's
leave the giant snake bird alone
it's a pretty ballsy bird come on sorry
leave him alone
bird you won see ya damn straight
they're all cheering them the new bird
new bird that's the new bird okay
think it's good move
all right let's give up twas the day
before Christmas and all through the
house not a single thing was clean not
not one feel like that
god I'm so it's how does this happen it
sneaks I look like a crazy lady with a
burn on her forehead I just wanted got
her might we wait it was look great we
went got our nails done this morning
because we have family coming and I'm
cooking and we be doing stuff so I need
to look sort of presentable for my
family and friends on Christmas I
haven't wrapped any presents I haven't
cleaned one thing in my house my cousin
is staying with us I'm going crazy right
now
I was so excited and I wanted I just
want to get it all done now I'm in a
very vulnerable position I apologize
what is your faith I was on the ground
on the ground in the dirt does Lipper's
dirty foot in your face kick you in the
butt that was very helpful thank you so
much so I only have the couple clean
clothes and I just want to show you what
a totally unintentional okay just just
look just get a wide shot just got a lot
of color going on yes very colorful
today all right looks good only thing
that's clean so that was a bunch of
Christmas cheer I went to go get a
coffee and the guy in front of me bought
my coffee and five people behind me so
to the random couple
thank you thank you very much and they
keep it going I paid for the next five
so holiday cheer see you remember
yesterday we were talk about just random
act see remember yesterday we were just
randomly talking about random acts of
kindness in look see full circle
oh I mean I that was totally planned I
totally plan that at home gazelian
payback giver ever you're not even
wholly mean like I am truly I'm like oh
that's good okay all right Charles was
out of the house which means I am going
to start wrapping here's everything I
got a wrap poor Marley all these animals
keep messing with her today where is she
found her
attack attack it's a bird you wrapping
presents yes I am
the Justins yeah what do you want I
would like some food in my belly please
that'd be great thank you quick wrapping
paper rips no it's like it looks while
I'm wrapping it's supposed to rip when
you tear it's not supposed to rip your
freaking wrapping and done excited
waiting you look even crazier where
there okay I come around the corner and
Ally's is dancing I gotta stretch before
we do any dancing are there any presents
there that are food related
yeah but I don't think they're gonna get
them
oh we're just like a cupcake please she
has so much extras loose skin looks like
from Zelda this is me
efore effort Oh Christmas dinner Chinese
food because it's the only place that's
open we doing anything Levada we're
gonna have our cookie decorating
competition that we do every single year
at the speed household have to get the
frosting ready your Christmas fortune
never set the tiger free if you live in
the mountain in bed apparently they're
starting to diversify
could I get some directions to where to
where your heart that's that's my
fortune could I get some all right this
is Bazooka Joe I was doing that way
better than them
can't put some sprinkles on it I don't
want to make my own I want to I want to
help you with yours oh I want to help
you with yours
mine's pretty good though right that's
mine isn't mine I do this max I totally
did this it was on camera and everything
this is Ali's Jackson Pollock or Pollock
what everyone says Pollock Pollock I
don't 1 to 10 scale what do you guys
think negative so Charles has made three
and of the no he's made 5 and out of the
five he's eaten three of them killing
killing cookies well I'm done are you
having some problems there No
he's the reigning champion oh all right
you guys remember correctly this was
last year's Tyson this is this year's
Tyson I feel like there was an
improvement right there
yeah winning cookie is right here nicely
are you dominating kitchens little bed
right there yep
that's that's what's gonna happen
kind of silly so as you can see kitchen
is blocking Marlies only exit oh boy
come on buddy
boy I don't know what to do well you
have to move the cat kitchen you're not
that scary
she's so scary I hope you guys have a
great Christmas
happy holidays time to drop the tree so
Santa well we're supposed to leave it on
all right we got to find out where Santa
is oh crap I gave a bad set emergency
I'll see you guys tomorrow good night
what
where's the sexy
with tripping
through it with Gianelli
