oh no he's not very afraid of you write
it up right Zoey get him Kim though she
ran the other way
you're in the other way wait is he
though what do you go there is doesn't
like that daddy
judo chop she likes it
Oh Miley Oh scary she was getting really
nervous
good ninja Oh crying over here like a
crazy ninja I would guess I'm a bad
ninja she saw me the whole time
you're a bad ninja so a hero's deeds are
never done and guess what not
exaggerating
Zoe sharded and poop to shut out about
whenever Ryan it was funny and I felt
bad for at the same time Oh Zoe okay
hand on the wheel all right you drive
this is not safe children and parents
and everyone at home do not do this this
is not a professional initiative this is
a problem I'll check it out what is this
day two or three of my forehead burn
it's looking pretty sexy everyone makes
fun of Allie for being a complete
nincompoop I am you are Christmas turkey
you are a butterball like her little
fart grab the basket oh now my family
members and loved ones are in danger hey
belly getting a migraine yes drink their
freaking migraines I'm stressing out
being called the caught the captain
caffeine and then I have accepted some
more caffeine I wish that there was I
wish I had a fairy godmother twice a
year I could just snap my fingers and
she's like oh yeah you have a problem
done you could just inject caffeine into
your heart and then you'll eat all your
brain oh my god where's Lee ever how do
you drink that Oh
forgive my ninja powers
they'll do a jump get it
ding-dong pathetic jump ninja obstacle
course too dirty too dirty too dirty for
the ninja what are you gonna do here
good job ready go go ninja go oh my god
I was pathetic
always doing it too you're ridiculous oh
so funny when you attach to the fence
cuz you're like sighs every second is
like I thought you were stuck I lost my
shoe Oh God
hanging upside down like a ninja
yep what's your role in of course you
did
don't land on Zoey I was a total fail
every time so not ninja like let's
please sorry
get the stick Zoey what the heck
happened
oh you made it black and white yeah I
did it when I was saying a picture oh
except the red while he's trying to hums
ohi's face so film the wah hey glad this
ready can I have this straight good how
many people were watching the video and
just like hitting their computer like
what's going on YouTube is all in black
and white yeah hanging out that's how
she sits just hanging out little prairie
dog that's gone so about a month ago I
told you guys where I end up getting all
my clothes and all that stuff and I told
you I ordered a bunch of awesome stuff
and I'd show it to you not know I want
to open it it's my clothes for everyone
who's always wondered where I got my
clothes and stuff like that it's just
jack threads.com slash do I see you can
if you want to take a second it's free
to sign up you can actually just go to
the website and just hit login with your
Facebook
I saw nip censor it oh my god that's so
cute babe that's really cute I don't
actually seem that shirt on him guys is
that your model that was real I still
have stylish okay that one was fake
shows your sleeves a little bit shoosh
yeah yeah Oh sexy man oh okay all right
oh yeah so this is what I got I told you
I'd show you guys but this is called
like a arsenal lantern hoodie and ninja
hoodie or something like that awesome so
we can be ninjas what do you think did I
do good I got this yeah fancy fancy it
all seriousness guys if you don't have
an account just go to jack threads.com
slash CTFxC it's totally free it takes a
second and you can find all the stuff
that if you're a girl and you want to
get your guy some super super that's
like 75% off or something this was like
a 160 dollar hoodie I got it for like 30
bucks I'm not I'm not kidding it's like
I said if you would like me and you
completely hate shopping this is the
website for you guys to check it out or
don't if you don't want it if it doesn't
matter to you then you like going
shopping that's cool too but anyone else
links down there you can log in with
your Facebook it's totally free and yeah
you can get like super super cheap
clothes nice clothes that your model
walk all right Turkey we got to get all
this stuff all these bases and guitars
on the wall
you want to help me alright I think
that's one and voila
ones up fucking good one I've broken
every one of these stupid freaking
tankers really I broke all watch out
though and bases are on the wall so yeah
that's my collection I'm actually
missing two Fender P bases the white one
and then the red one but that's over in
storage right now for tour this was my
first base it was just a Washburn this
was my second it was a PVCs
this is my third Fender Jazz Fender P
bass and then this guy the white one and
then the red one now where do I hang up
the acoustics and the acoustics on the
wall there we go
everything's starting to come together
now I just gotta clean up all this other
crap and finally I have an office again
looking good all right so we have
everything set up we got a whole dog
party going on we are shooting a video
of how to make my mom's my mom's super
famous peanut butter Christmas cookies
cookies I want to eat them I'm gonna
make a video on my channel it's going
live today on how to make these cookies
for your family and I'm Charles really I
want to cook you a little
in the middle of a mission and look at
this it's all glitching out right now to
glitch in the matrix it won't move well
I will see you guys tomorrow
oh don't forget to check out jack
threads.com since CTFxC if you want to
check out the hoodie the ninja thing and
all that other fun stuff as well as the
bonus videos so I will see you guys
tomorrow
have a great night I guess it would be
Christmas Eve
so my god happy Christmas Eve
Merry Christmas we're in the UK all
right well I'll see you guys tomorrow
have a great night good night oh god I
can't see
worse yet sexy
giddy with y'all trippin
we're
with Gianelli don't forget Zoey
