hey can I can I go to bathroom no this
was a test and you guys failed no
privacy get out
yes I enjoyed that video game so much i
got the soundtrack that's pretty that's
a new level of sad i think well that's
no good
Oh son what you get the galaxy s3 bra a
green light green light so that your
favorite Christmas present ever
oh you freaked out when when they got
just in Goldeneye this was in 1997 97
they wrapped it in like sequentially
larger boxes like it was kind of like a
Russian nesting doll set and the weeks
leading up to Christmas I was like look
like if you don't give me anything else
like I don't care I just like I have to
like half this game mom's like I'm so
sorry like I couldn't even find it
anywhere I'm much like mom like it's
okay like I know that all you want to do
is like give me that game and I was like
really excited about but you can't find
it like don't the next morning it was
like it was the last present I opened it
was wait there like don't open it
you know one of these days I'm really
gonna just run out of gas I feel like I
know my car enough to where like I know
how like the the stretch I can take it
my luck is gonna run out I know one day
and then the worst absolutely the worst
thing about like running out of gas
while you're driving is just how stupid
you feel once you have to make that call
hey friend of mine I'm gonna
inconvenience you because I'm an idiot
it's happened to me once when I was 16
years old and I guess I didn't know my
car and I just kept going and I yeah
let's all be honest does that ever
happen to you tell me in the comments
it's okay or among friends
no one's gonna make fun of you just a
little bit it's been so cold I haven't
had time to actually go and clean my car
cause it's filthy on the outside so I'm
being lazy we don't would do the car
washing all right mister car wash clean
my car oh wait wait that would have been
really bad oh boy guys ready
Oh Zoey don't be scared
think I don't like this I don't like
this this is not a good idea to protect
you Riley
it's gonna make the car clean no but oh
my god hello my god no see it's not so
bad go with teeth carwash this used to
be my favorite thing as a kid I would
always beg and plead my mom when she
filled up gas to like let's go through
the carwash and then sometimes I would
take like I don't know like a milkshake
and throw it on the car that was kind of
a brat as a kid I'd tell cheese we're
screwed Oh
hurricane-force winds
look at that beautiful sunset and all
another note hey magically I'm driving
it last for last-minute Christmas
shopping is beer crazy and we suck and I
pass our exit by like six miles but the
Cinco Cinco seis I kind of forgot to
show Y it earlier no actually you know
the Internet's go every sure you do
actually I'm sure than that oh I put my
parents they have an Etsy shop that's
awesome
way cool t-shirts there's a limit I
ignored you I'm sorry so I just made a
life discovering discovery you can buy
just the Publix bread from the subs for
like a dollar you've been doing it wrong
Charles now you can make my delicious
sandwiches with my mayonnaise what do
you want to make I asked everyone on
Twitter what I should make is slowly I'm
working my my digestive track for the
Europe tour I got a lion bar and I got
some more Nando's hot sauce I'm sorry
extra hot sauce so I'm getting ready for
this whole Europe tour coming up you
know I got to get you all the awesome
food over there
alright figure it out open it up open it
so here's the deal I'm not gonna tell
you guys what I'm making you have to
guess as I'm making it so in the
comments as you're seeing me make this
stuff I want you to guess and I want to
see if you want to figure it out so
forget the breadcrumbs some oregano some
seasoning some Parmesan cheese all right
now we gotta put the ground turkey in
there any guesses any guesses special
delivery one single egg Oh wave Oh boon
thank you good job oh my god I was gonna
punch you in the nuts at what you would
punch me in the nuts egg because I broke
right ready ready ready I'm gonna like
my Christmas tree ready ready ready
ready oh look at this bs1 a week before
christmas just ran on my tree go it's
gonna be in the 30s tonight huh are you
making Wow what you know no why won't
you tell me what your freakin cooking
I'm making onion again
I'm trying think of something Nick what
is this does your my cheap date I got
the one and impress you I can wait
actually that's kind of a weird thing I
have not achieved a dynamic it's been
that time you are my cheat day when you
get married you don't have to get the
fancy bottle of wine you can just get
cheap wine oh is that it well you know
what then ladies when you get married
yeah who needs a gun I can't even do
this okay you don't have to get the
expensive class yeah I swear there's not
an endorsement for whatever won and the
final product
if you guessed awesome meatball sandwich
yeah you were right if you didn't guess
it you were wrong no you little bitch
this is mine you want one of my meaty
balls eat it eat it no spicy does it
have spicy oh my god oh boy I am
cornholio
I need TP for my bunghole that probably
sums up my childhood right there in a
sentence all right I guess it's time to
do it does that be far cry 3 yesterday I
feel like I have to I have to play
assess this grade now I haven't played
video games and so long and now I'm
addicted great you guys were telling me
I should start playing some of these
games and now I'm addicted you guys you
got me Nutella
it's clear lemon 12-12-12 crap should
have played this game before yesterday
look it here
now see you're like you're in all party
mode but I was like I'm getting over at
colleges you can't keep it down oh no
don't you have a party in my house I'm
telling you I'm gonna that's a you are
being able party pooper you thought I
loved you addict
he's been playing Assassin's Creed 3 the
entire time life sucks
I am like addicted to video he always
yells at me and said I'm not active with
my friends I'm varying it though it's
not just Halo 4 I feel like we're in the
wrong month right now
oh my god oh my god
that'll Starbucks I'd made a spot but
you know it's you know it's Danny drops
his steel card and just shoots it makes
it yeah good luck trying for the world
are you a party animal though you love
you daddy where's Marla where's mark
Oh Marley's our Lindsay you can't hold
her not me good job
that was a pretty good shot right there
and disappeared give me a restaurant why
I took that picture of her to staring at
the door just buzz honor yes it was not
mr. go put it back no way the way we
stopped giving Zoe I said oh wow she was
turning up but we learned it was because
her food bowls which she loves so we
adjusted the people yeah go Jamie ain't
no idea what's coming over my dress you
want to drop it God it is a metallic are
you a cleanup crew afterparty
Hey this is the porti play with the ball
I know she's like nope I'm cleaning
money get the ball oh she doesn't carry
my race is literally going underneath is
what she does every single night every
single night I hear her out here
smelling and licking get him everybody
see there's a piece of on you down here
worse yet sexy
with trippy
would be an ally don't forget
