Palli it's important something in the
refrigerator actually expired on
12-21-12 I think it was Maya neighs
because get it cuz mayonnaise mayonnaise
mayonnaise your joke is bad and you
should feel bad it wasn't that dumb you
go over there cue the awesomely cheesy
Mayan calendar jokes now I've been
scouring Twitter and I'm trying to find
some if you have any please tell me in
the comments because they make me
chuckle hilarity and cheesiness whoa
whoa whoa
so I just got back from running and I
see hmm I wonder who possibly possibly
did that go clean up your mess hey come
here
what did you do did you this bad Marley
um oh really are you sorry will you do
it again no you're not supposed to say
probably Marley apologize why are they
look at me no you still feel sick dose
if you talk I sound like a man what's
that like a man man
I completely read around seven o'clock I
forgot to tell you guys I got a knock on
the door and I was like who's at the
door it was just random guy sure enough
the boomerang effect totally worked
he had my wallet and my credit cards the
problem is I already canceled everything
but that means I don't go to the DMV so
thank you I know right
so thank you random Samaritan named
Michael for finding this and bring in
bringing it back to me that he could
have mailed it I know right
so that means I should do something nice
for somebody random and pay it forward
time to cut my face every time I cut my
credit cards I always do it in like a
strategy like as if somebody's gonna
actually find it then try to piece it
together I always cut it with missing
pieces and throw them in different trash
cans I don't know why you know what it's
fun that way if the last day of the
Mayan calendar is the 21st wouldn't the
apocalypse start the 22nd this is where
the birds congregate and plan the demise
of humans so I know today people are
just making jokes like there's no
tomorrow but in all seriousness honey
when you when you go make sure to get a
calendar for a couple of mine friends
because their calendars don't go past
today you know what I mean
seriously get rich or die Mayan tell me
more holy crap okay this this marks
history guys today that Gangnam style
Gangnam style now you know what it it's
been viewed a billion times I don't even
know if I'm saying it right Gangnam
style Gangnam style but look at this
first time a videos ever hit a billion
and look at they even made them a little
get animated Giff a billion I don't know
if you guys know how how much a billion
is that's like we just put this in
perspective like if you were to count to
a billion it would probably take you
roughly thirty two years without
stopping thirty two years just to count
that's how much a billion is that's
awesome so let's be honest are you guys
sick of uh are you sick of that song by
now has it has it reached Macarena
status yeah
little tribute with her stupid slippers
hey sexy lady oh oh oh oh beau those
dumb slippers oh yeah come on dudes it's
freaking cold out you gotta get some
jackets on before we go anywhere okay
ready
Marley so many of your CTFxC dog friends
have matching hoodies with you it's so
cute
tip it out yeah you do
she's so cute she's a doll she's like
ready hey with this let's go you're so
cute I have fun boys and girls my mom
has to do some last-minute Christmas
shopping and I remembered that I have to
as well so I'm like on my deathbed over
here not really but I'm sick and I
should not be probably going out I'm
sorry
don't laugh that's so v8 it I wanted to
go out and get some sad to get a present
for my sister
and Melissa I burned my half of the
curling iron I was gonna try and do my
hair so I didn't look completely
terrifying because I'm sick and just
look gross and I burned my head and like
I burned my head here last time and this
is why I burned it this time it's like
right yes thank you using a curling iron
for like over 10 years I would know how
to use one but apparently I don't I'm
also thinking about we might be
clinically insane due to the fact that
we're showing up at a mall four days
before Christmas four days before
Christmas this is probably one of the
dumbest things I've ever done
you ready for this it's gonna be a
madhouse sir sir is everything okay sir
I heard you sneeze is everything fine
just ball what are you you look like the
Charmin bear yeah
very soft they're so cute and you almost
bought a pair of what are they your
coffee and oxygen they were so cool they
were metallic copper Oxford's and I got
my sissy a little prezis I'm not gonna
tell you it is we're gonna tell what it
is
she knows where I'm getting it for her
from she already knows that that make
sense what I just said probably not I've
had a lot of cops serve today I wanted
to stop I'm like I'm suffocating the
duck Shh safe drugs kiss I'm going to
write a letter to Santa on behalf of the
CTFxC dear Sienna is that right did I do
it like that or like that this here we
go grammar lesson posh from the inside
or outside because it is plural
possessive I am I am no get this girl
lazy she has no idea where I am watch
this Zoe oh I thought you left I was so
worried oh god it's right behind me
isn't it good do it again
oh gosh get claim country you do it
climate of course I turn around sure
enough she got back up in the tree all
right
careful now don't yeah it's just careful
she just doesn't like doing on camera
anymore I guess who's doing are you in
the kids now
it's messing with our really come on are
you just an annoying mood right now oh
my balls that cool dude
we're playing cranium around the
Christmas tree and so far this game is
so weird
damn I water I see usually go one drink
your water are you looking at so much
your songs check this out we have an
explosion champagne bottle just
literally exploded well Internet
lesson learned never put champagne in
the freezer oh hey big giant ant you
look like you want to eat me
no I'm currently the guys gonna shoot me
huh huh go easy white into this game I'm
so close you know what this game is so
hard it's so hard no idea how she got
out of her jacket oh my god MAGIX are
Dini oh my god just did the game
I just fit the game it's so epic we make
them do more Zoe
make them program more of the game knows
oh come on you have to pick up a box
with your mouth by like bending over it
doesn't matter how you do it you can't
just check out with your hands
standard forward baton tactic you grab
it and then you every single time you
cut off Oh every time you cut off a
little to the box and you have to get
lower no way
Zoe does not like a clean house let her
clean it up okay and then you can attack
her go are you being a big nerd all
right so I can go to bed a victor it's
like when you play video game and it's
like a good movie you don't mean that's
a good game
anyway make sure to let me know someone
like cheesy freaking jokes in the
comments and I will annoy Ally in the
morning I feel like that's it has to
happen right hope you enjoyed today's
video and I will see you guys tomorrow
as always
PS we're getting pretty close to 1 3 3 7
army
yes
with trippy and alley
with trivia Natalie don't forget
