come on guys pit stop in New York City
right I know so I just landed here my
back at JFK so I went and kind of like
this and then going back down pretty
exhausted lucky lotto looks like I got
upgraded so I guess sitting in the
middle seat kind of paid off now
I'm gonna get Charles now and I'm so
we have so much Christmas on the plane I
looked at my computer and there are four
spots four of them now and the Bluetooth
stopped working
I'm gonna take my computer just frisbee
it into the store for or quadrupled now
hey so my idea of just chucking it into
the store it worked
actually just replaced the entire
computer this doesn't screw up again for
the full we're at the fifth time right
we're four or five my persuasive skills
at it again look how busy it is like
people are parked up here Oh Christmas
shopping this is why you do everything
online
oh hi how's it going how's it going as
you can see when I came home immediately
just jumped on me ran to their leashes
and then ran to the car
tighten one of the day is take the
bitches through the park trying to sing
over here and I feel fine
six o'clock TV hour something something
and then more power
double-double day ya know being grumpy
parrot dog like a pirate wait so did the
Mayans work off the east coast time
because in Australia it's already
tomorrow today but they're still there
so today's still today it wasn't
destroyed so it can't be Australian time
it has to be what my mind hurts I want
this well yes yes I would very much like
this you want to stick yet yes sir could
you please just start so you want this
yes I just said I would like to acquire
that no no no no no no I think I just
something I've never done in my entire
yep I I lost my wallet never lost my
wallet and I think I just did
crap that means f2 keeps all my cards
and getting new drivers like oh yeah
don't use your teeth
Jack de argint that's pretty funny no
sir it is hmm well with my misfortune I
have actually some really good news for
you guys since it's the holidays
we teamed up with virgin remember virgin
when we went to free fest and all that
stuff we've been really close with them
for the past couple years and we teamed
up with them on this really really cool
promotion where we're giving away three
items actually they're giving away a ton
of items but we chose three specific
items to give away for free for the
holidays for you guys we honestly kind
of figured no one was gonna complain
since it's free stuff for you guys
alright so just go to their Facebook
links down there in the video
description which is his facebook.com
slash Virgin Mobile live and you'll see
where it says wishlist okay go to the
page and then you'll see our face this
prank vs. prank Buckley mr. guitar man
and then go up to the top and click like
and then here is where the fun part
comes it's kind of like it's kind of
like shopping free shopping for you guys
if you scroll up and down you'll see all
the awesome wishlist gifts that we've
all selected for you guys to win as you
can see there's a 3ds I wonder I wonder
who selected that one you do that one so
let's just say you want to win the Beats
headphones just click on there and then
I want a chance to win and then you just
fill out the information and the best
part is I believe you can do this on
every single one of these so you can do
it more than once and every time you
actually enter you're automatically
entered to win a samsung galaxy s2 with
a free year of service from virgin which
is kind of a bonus incentive so yeah I
don't think anyone's gonna be
complaining about some free stuff for
the significant
I got it you know I asked if I can
actually enter in they say
you don't want free stuff no no no one
is free free stuff I want to buy
everything you selected the Nintendo 3ds
the Beats headphones and then one of
those Bluetooth jam boxes and I think
they're gonna be given away soon I'm not
sure so that's what I'm saying go now
facebook.com slash Virgin Mobile live
links down there go do it right now hit
pause pause the video and go check it
out one of those things we just wanted
to try to do as many awesome things for
you guys for the holidays and give away
as many things as possible and I figured
you guys would be all over this submit
for the things that you guys want to win
do it now before the end of the world
because that's today right chicken
marsala and I'm gonna see that you say
it funny how you say my son marsala
I'm morsella he's dead Marcella Marcella
shithole like I got it which is French
for chicken
okay guys did you guys in no hole
that's how you say it almost positive
that is a hundred percent incorrect
where am I going
exactly rope we all that's French for
loop there why you just sound like
you're gargling saltwater this is bread
this is French for bread you just got
the remote down pick it up pick it up
pick it up you're gonna cut my nails
please don't I really don't like it
could hear you with the nails it's a
girl crap I need I need slippers okay
I'm gonna look away then do it here's
where the learning curve comes because
I've never used these before I don't
know what to do with them they were just
I just opened it up and just made my
eyes water again I might do my uh my my
glasses wear my glasses the kids okay
safety first how many shots of a shallot
can you I'm gonna shop so Michelle can
you tell my chef chef Chad how many
shots of a shallot get it are you all
clean well you smell nice alright so I'm
on to the mushrooms now how how do they
just watch animals is that how I figured
out what mushrooms not to eat cuz
imagine if it was like hey Gary hey Gary
try this mushroom oh hey guys Gary's
dead hey Dave Dave try this mushroom
let's take a moment guys RIPD Gary and
Dave you just moved to tears by how good
of a job I did on hating the girls I was
just I was just watching the notebook
well I was cooking in oh yeah I just
moved to tears I know but seriously you
might want to look at my eyes you are
crying
that is why did I take the onion goggles
off where are they or sell a wine
and bring it to a boil it's cooking wine
so we get so we get is it really that
bad
we're cooking whether it can't be that
bad your turn I know I don't need to
you're trying also what to then we have
a spoon rest but then I have to clean
this mess and not clean what that's
easier that's one less than Eileen put
down the spoon rest okay difference
between guys and girls
I'd rather wipe that up and have to
clean that thing tastes like wine for
one second and then salt
oh joy sauce that's awful isn't it that
is really bad I guess it tastes better
when you cook Bologna is for cooking so
you don't add salt to it almost any
percent of salt two percent salt it's
smells just like it smells just like the
the restaurant chain that I totally
ripped this off of I think it may have
been easier just to go to the restaurant
this is taking forever test go see if
the noodles well no he also threw it
like a weirdo ready Bon Appetit
I should open my own restaurant
yeah
we're zombies rain free at midnight
tonight where can you get your album
Prince J TWP van Capcom yeah yeah it's
pretty ii check out but if you want to
donate something that'll be very nice
and we are going to toast his album
release at midnight and also celebrate
what will be the end of the world
apparently is alive did it go
let's see Congrats charles has been
playing far cry for like three hours
straight today he's going to beat it i
am so angry you know what i just want to
say you know to the mayan calendar you
know what i mean just don't feel so bad
because you know what it's it's not the
end of the world that it's wrong oh i
will see you guys tomorrow
do not forget to sign up and try to win
all those prizes that we're giving away
for you guys for the holiday season
it is booked yep exactly when the prizes
anyway for the secret phrase i want to
know what you guys did on your last your
last day your last day i guess it would
be the 20th so tell me what you guys did
i'd be hung out with a bunch of friends
just kind of relaxed i want to know what
you guys did so tell me in the comments
that will be the secret phrase yeah
assuming it's not on a different time
zone i will see you guys tomorrow
wait
worse yet sexy
with child tripping
the
with Josephine
