you
is it real oh I don't know
tomorrow
I really do I really cannot tell she's
really not
not real sure Cookie Monster there we go
kodak theater this is the color that is
pretty awesome you see we got the sword
that's pretty impressive alright so
there's the theater there's Mickey
Michael Jackson's apparently not get any
more soon oh my god wow it looks so like
it oh my god look oh my god hey
spider-man he's got duller spider-man
down on his luck lately what are you
guys ah sounds really good still my
giannis these families making people
better so that these girls right you're
gonna stay with mommy while she doesn't
feel well got a video um I almost missed
it yesterday but I didn't feel well and
I was hoping that I could just sleep it
off slowly but surely working on bad
they don't give a fever and you're like
hot and cold same time this is why you
gotta like Hollywood she's just
characters everywhere yeah Johnny Depp
Wow yeah yeah haunting me wait how do
you open this
right this work no I won't remember this
this whole like where we know I have an
idea I have an idea I have an idea maybe
use the I don't know if that's gonna
work Mike you sacrifice but you need
better leverage here it's not it's fun
though sounds fun man wait for it think
I have an idea yeah victory in a row
okay you already do today wait that's
not yours is that yours yeah okay
husband wife
lunchtime beep right rare that's so nice
out today we're having a nice little
look I feel like it just sounds so
stupid my sore throat we're getting soup
which i think is gonna be very helpful
to all of us and I also got this really
adorable little cousins like I'm so
excited to eat it so freaking cute so
rather than going home tomorrow I booked
a red eye as you're checking in to see
if you want to volunteer just feel you
know i don't know like miss a flight or
something it says do say how much you
accept you know to give up your seat and
that's what i wrote you love this song I
love this song I love the song you love
this song so I have a couple hours to
kill right now and then I go home after
you doing I gotta show you guys the
Hollywood sign we haven't seen lots of
big ass tree we haven't seen in a while
and there is the famous sign
this is pretty awesome it's made out of
old like car parts you're like look
really close maybe engine and everything
oh god kill it kill it
he's like staring into your soul we are
going right now to Dotty's house to fill
the thank goodness Charles took the 7d
and I was like all day i'm looking for
the camera i couldn't find out like I'll
just find it later he took a California
now we're trying to shoot an F alley and
I'm really excited for it something that
I used to love to do in high school I
used to cut up all of my t-shirts so I'm
just going to do a really quick tutorial
on how to turn some really fun old
t-shirts into something new you would
actually winner so that's what I'm going
to go and film now and Hollywood is it
is so just like you it's so so weird I
guess I guess you can say it's Holly
weird ah I see what you did there
Charles I see what you did there I don't
know if you can see that but that cat is
just chillin on that guy's shoulder as
he's walking around it's the best
trained cat I've ever seen in my entire
life oh there's Marilyn again she
bringing a photo
lewis is darth vader and a leather
jacket and kiss boots with a gun and a
lightsaber I ok the award goes in up
then just passes chewy holy macaroni I
know yes yes I know what you're thinking
and yes I am very pleased with myself on
that one roxio Christmas present are you
a little Christmas present you're
perfectly under the Christmas tree and
it's really cute nope she's I don't talk
to me I don't like you don't like you
what are we gonna do now we're gonna
shoot a video for you oh it's boy what
is my hair curtain why am I crazy let's
go goa crazy oh my god I crazy right now
is such a tiny little baby so cute I was
just telling dot I was talking about it
on dialog like I think I've known
Roxanne for like 11 years and that dogs
still absolutely hates my guts she never
lets me better she's very protective and
loyal to her fam well now time to try to
make my way to the airport Oh traffic
hmm so cold it is so cold it's gonna be
so nice to go back home and just get
into a nice warm weather it's surprising
that California's as cold as is right
now oh boy back at the airport here we
go but the good news is I'm going home
so I'm pretty cool
Roxanne do you love this song would see
how this on your dance one of the first
times I ever heard the song their friend
Carol I am obsessed with the song if you
don't know it it's Macklemore and it's
fucking awesome ah seriously the TSA
PreCheck is like the greatest invention
ever especially with like that an
airport like this where it's so busy I
don't have to take my shoes off right
belt or will my camera my camera set it
off they were a little worried about my
camera you guys are you guys are you
guys are all full of metal kind of like
me we're not my steel plate in my head
I'm surprised that doesn't actually said
anything off I just a minute all right
where am I going and now we try to kill
four hours until the flight will look
look here's my delicious dinner yeah I
know fancy fancy stuff
so we were having a bonfire and then we
started getting really really hungry so
we're making a late night run to my
least favorite place on the freakin
planet Walmart ah turn girls you go
sleepy it is late I am going to bed
because tomorrow I'm picking up Charles
he actually changed his flight to a
little bit earlier and now this is a
troubling thing for some people tomorrow
as I guess the last day of Earth
existing for some people of like the
world eggs or the universe existing on
what exactly it is but I know some
people who are genuinely concerned about
that jeez if it is true final parting
words love you guys it's not sure I love
you anyway just tell the people that you
love that you love them because that's
super important just spend time with
your friends and family as much as you
possibly can thank you guys so much for
sticking with us through all this stuff
I really hope the world doesn't end so
what I have to do right now is I have to
fly all the way to JFK and then I have
to go Tampa so i have to like literally
across the country twice i guess but i
just looked and there's a direct flight
to tampa I'm gonna see if I can do my
persuasion skills see if I can get on
this flight every so much better wait
looks like I'm going to be crisscrossing
the country hall by the way
i told i told him do that I definitely
my
it's been going on for 10 minutes I'm
going insane I'm slowly losing my mind
right now oh no I just looked at my my
ticket I'm in an e seat it means I'm in
the middle oh my gosh that's so scary I
get so claustrophobic all right guys
she's stuck in the middle seat but I'm
gonna try to pass out now but i will see
you guys tomorrow I'm gonna be home in a
matter of hours really awesome anyway I
will see you guys tomorrow a great night
can I do it for the secret phrase it's
whatever you want whatever you want to
take me comments that is the secret
phrase I wonder if there's gonna be the
same person it's gonna have the same one
oh my gosh that would be awesome all
right now I'll see you later
see what you did today
it's coming over your knee wait
we're CTFxC
giddy with y'all trippin
Lexi
trippy and alli don't forget to anymore
