good morning Internet I'm here with
Kevin and drive and we're calling Danny
because Danny just bought I was
wondering I know that you have the steal
Starbucks card what are you gonna do
with it yeah and I know package and I
really really want to tell us they're
selling for double their price come on
how cool um I can't see it I'm holding
like a cardboard good morning good
morning good morning
we're kicking each other cos we are
going for a walk and I I don't know
what's happening right now guys but I
look like total death I feel like total
death I think I'm I'm sick which is
horrible because I made it so long
without getting sick there were so many
other people that got sick and I was
trying so hard to avoid it I woke up
this morning my throat was so sore that
like you can tell it's actually like
impeding my speech a little bit like I
it's it's so swollen I can barely like
talk and breathe normally out of my
mouth and I know what's going on walkies
walkies walkies getting in our walk is
this our business walk girls we mean
business on this one open up the door
and drop it on the pavement no it ruins
the integrity no don't beautifully
integrity this never bucks good oh my
god ever help
we're talking about a gift card right
now guys I bought one I believe there
was gonna be bad jelly with five coffee
Internet in the comments so Danny's
selling everybody guess everybody needs
to guess how many days it will take for
him to lose this card and and with how
much money will be remained on on me so
that's the game the comments I think
that it will last three days and I think
I think the new owner of the card will
have roughly $420 I think we're the only
people who go to Taco Tuesday and we
don't get tacos there's something wrong
with that sub dog wait though the wind
is blowing all right now we're properly
ready to start the day Janice yeah
straight you are I'm sorry
new fashioned cold he's not permission
to be
just does it anyway Hulk Hulk just
chillin yum-yum-yum-yum oh my god I'm so
excited look at what we just got in the
mail and they actually wanted us to talk
to you guys about doing a special
holiday promotion just for you guys and
there's actually a link in the
description mommy's gonna need them
she's like I will eat I will help you
why are you lurking around you want some
strawberries these are like these are so
good they're like my favorite thing I
know like if you guys are like me I'm
really last-minute about like holiday
shopping and this is such a great thing
to do for like friends and family I love
getting food gifts in the mail and these
are delicious like these things are
gigantic they're like the size of my
fist like look at that my mom like
slurping on the shirt you're like me if
you totally have no idea what to get
some people this is a really good thing
yeah the link is just Berry's comm slash
CTFxC you can send some amazing fruit to
someone that you love and honestly I
guarantee you that's gonna be the best
gift on their list dude
whenever I get these things in the mail
I am so excited and I'm definitely gonna
go chow down if you don't mind holy crap
this is hysterical this shirt is various
commercial just came on the television
and now my phone is ringing that's also
a stare pretty woman walking down the
street pretty woman walking down the
street pretty backward walking backwards
up this up that one oh we got one trying
to find a parking spot it looks like
playing a video game I need to not be in
the blue okay that's handicapped if we
can do this if I get close enough I
could just nurse the car bomb boom that
was good see do you have a front row
you'll have to get out do you have to
actually get out we can't just do this
alright so close yeah they're good front
son of a bitch if we're going by tires
were good we're going by front where
they're maybe just do this here's the
worst part they actually have a handicap
sticker the day you should be there this
cat is so precious look at how cute I
wish I could adopt all of them oh you
got stuck I didn't get to do the project
for awesome unfortunately we didn't have
time to make a video for it but it's
something that's really really really
important guys being charitable
especially this time of year it can
change someone's life so much and I
don't mean to be so sappy but in all
seriousness like if you are thinking of
getting a pet please please consider
adoption and I just think that you know
just really please consider that if you
want to pet a cat dog whatever please
please please please consider adoption
oh yeah there's no what I'm doing
Charles his favorite thing buying a
candle oh these are cool I am my my
childhoods dad I just buy scented
candles all the time it's all I do
alright so we're a place called the
birds and look what we have how's it
going
it just takes going across the state or
the country see each other all from the
same area
we're just discussing what might happen
at the home
show and still have surprise we'll have
some surprises but if you're not coming
to the hometown show sneak in somehow
and it's going to be pretty exciting
we're just discussing it right now yep
and you would have been dead twice I
prefer to be sliced it feels like it's
like you guys thought we were just
kidding no there's like green spots
these are all the double petals oh my
god called a blue stuff or eat this
stuff oh god I'm so ticked I went for so
long without getting sick and it caught
me anyway it's a final destination you
can never outrun it uh I don't even know
what I'm delirious don't even listen to
me that's crazy wait chocolate can I run
the medicine aisle you crazy
you have been so comfortable up on that
couch lately what are you doing what are
you doing
ran back and forth run back and forth
follow up like an idiot right now no no
then you're such a little stinker dot
and I have to go on an adventure I'm a
little bit afraid I have to get
flashlights we actually go and figure
out my lights are staying up on outside
my house for some reason there's like
one strand of lights that will not go
off and I think it's because my dad
split them onto two separate extension
cords so I've got to go and put the
splitter on and it's really dark and
creepy outside now over here okay Datsun
charge like I don't know good oh good I
really wish we just have flashlights
yeah Zoey what guys got a poop problem
solved we fixed the timer
let's go back inside
crazy out here
no way you're so excited because you
know what this is ready hey where'd it
go where'd it go we got Jake and Jess
over here and trapped let me see here
with this is Travis's sweater I worked
really hard on knitting this myself it
took at least six months these used to
be buttons but I've rocked this sweater
for so many days it just comes off
buttons come on
yep they think it was supposed to be
turtle dogs right and if you look close
as sexually how it does it all it's
ducks to turtle ducks a duck on each
sleeve and then hold on turn around
oh sure enough up - turtle ducks it
looks like you have baby angel wings
like you're a Victoria's Secret model is
that what you've been working on here in
this area you know just itching get off
the elevator walk of fame
all right so we are heading back are you
cold
what's going on cold the most epic
Wendy's Danielle is taking us to Wendy
Wendy's right now know you're hungry
when you wait 15 minutes my knees kind
of looks like it like if Travis had
pigtails come on weenie you gotta talk
to your sister so we were just getting
back home and I just I had to show you
guys some funny footage of Travis and
his Carioca all right so here's Travis
and this karaoke is Oh
is a frosty we got it alright guys well
it's time to go to bed I will see you
guys tomorrow make sure to check out the
shares various links if you have not
done that before check it out it's
pretty awesome but yeah for the secret
phrase I want you guys to tell that I
feel really really awesome because she
hasn't been feeling it really good for
the past couple days so just give her
well wishes and all that stuff so I will
see you guys tomorrow yeah
good night guys
wait
where's the attacks
giddy with y'all trippin
would be an ally don't forget anymore
