that barely hates you
internal and throw them in that stupid
see which one hit zoiy zoiy watch out
Zoe okay she does not like that you want
the brain do not want to play this are
you being the fun police today the only
ones that Karen right now is Marley for
a change all right throw it yeah sorry
where's the brain get free zone don't
let her do it sorry careful oh there's
Marley buddy one we have fun police fun
police
fun police I just finished the special
video that is live right now the video
that we made while we were on the RV
trip like a special bonus video ally
came up with this and we decided that we
should do it luckily we stuck with it
but I just finished it obviously because
it's online so at the end of this video
or just pause today's video links in the
description or click the I how come I
never remember it I think it's right
over here
well go check it out it's our special
video from the RV trip and I hope you
guys liked it because there was a lot of
fun and it's really cool memories the
way we did it instead of showing a
million pictures we decided this would
be kind of a little bit more fun it is
now live
right there well that's gonna be fun
wanna feeding you it's very sexy
I think issues generally that offer not
very much of an exaggeration oh by the
way did you tell them what
really oh my god the baby baby you
brother and his fiancee Carly just had
their first baby baby girl right so I'm
an uncle and Ali is another and I know
if you guys could see the steam coming
off this asphalt right now so hot it was
earlier you know the one thing I ain't
gonna worry smiie member that article
that we read how they said that like st.
Pete they think that st. Pete is it yeah
he doesn't really prepared the thing
that worries music today it wasn't even
raining from probably 15 minutes old
scary what was a day where Publix it
became like a yeah remember yep and they
blocked off the road I think right
there's cars you're getting stuck baby
blocking off car I still got stuck I've
learned that Dodge Neon trying to go
through good I find the clip I'm gonna
pet to it right now
that is water coming up out of the sewer
like rushing out his houses are all like
looks like they're about to get flooded
in Oh have you did it rain I don't know
but look like I had it but it looked
like you had it but I look like I had it
like I do it oh god yeah
I want it right out beautiful for heaven
sakes
God darn it
and after Pierre I'm gonna call peer
pressure and bullying threat of bullying
of everyone with my hair I went got a
haircut between you guys and her Irene
my looking at actually I feel like the
beard has to stay Holly won't let me I'm
actually glad you for sure I joined the
en croute and I was like oh yeah today
or was it no not here call your brother
talk to the Brandi baby oh I'm sorry
guys I know I sound like such an idiot
but this is such an exciting time
because this is like my this is my first
niece and I distracted my brother and
they had kind of a scare mommy and baby
and dad are all good super cute and
super long Oh
creepiness a super long but yes she's
very long like you know she's seven
ounces really I guess until they kick ya
til they're vertically long she's
beautiful
her belly was like I cried that's
thought he said they're good I was like
how are you you think I'm good I cried
that it was scary but everybody's doing
okay garlic every dad like cries but we
have a new baby I'm so happy my heart is
so happy a little family member that's
always such an awesome thing you know
yeah I don't know if you guys have
noticed since we got this camera back
it's had this like super high saturation
compared to the other one what they did
was they fixed it and when they sent it
back to us okay then when they gave it
back to us and had this weird saturation
color so I'm gonna try to convince them
just let me there's a bullying they told
me that I looked like a beautiful like I
I don't self-tanner I don't even lay out
anybody look like Snooki but really
though I don't know I know oh that's how
it was like that's real that was
actually a fun one we genuinely laugh
well we didn't laugh at that one that
was clever but then again when we looked
at the footage you did look like an
oompa loompa yeah I don't know why I'm
not this is I don't know this is my skin
color but if you look at the two
different cameras it's so so different
look pasty and you're gonna be like man
that girl is so we gotta get this I hope
I can convince them just to swap it out
since they kind of goofed it up since
they quote-unquote fixed it this is the
other camera you see how knotted but
they they replaced it it just showed him
how Orange everyone was and they were
like oh well that's not correct one
thing I found out though it's that the
cameras aren't actually replaced or
fixed by Ken do you know that I thought
that she does all the time with snapchat
this looks at herself I'm telling you
you might want to follow aliens snapchat
she's the most insane person but it was
not canon that actually repairs it which
is a little bit more respectable because
I thought Cannon was goofing up
constantly and sending back so now we're
gonna switch over to this guy oh no way
I guess of the day it what's the date
all right we're gonna switch over to
this one now
what is wrong with you people think I'm
the crazy one in this relationship
nope you can doubt me what you want what
you feel it really I'll tell you what I
want
really really you could tell me what you
want would you tell me what you need
what you really really need if you need
what you need then tell me what you do
so I was trying to find some photos of
Finley as a puppy because it's actually
Finley its first birthday today or
tomorrow and a couple photos not of
Finley but I just got to show you guys
these I'm sure you remember oh I can't
open Lac Zoey how's it going dude I feel
like your alter ego is like Cher and
then I have to show you guys this this
was the first day Zoey Marley were
together and I just want to look at
Marley she doesn't even look like the
same freaking dog Zoey was a puppy she
looked the same see that Zoey's a puppy
wow I think I may have turned it off I
oh my god I sound like something
exploded that was kind of terrifying
that's slowly going away 150 percent
officially hurricane season we literally
drove from best idea here which is like
maybe 15 minutes away and the biggest
strike of lightning well just happened
right outside and these old does not do
well it's so weird he used to be fine
with it but now it scares him so much
and this the strikes of lightning or
thunder I guess would be thunder
whatever's going on strikes of lightning
and then hearing the Thunder afterwards
there you go
kind of freaking her out a little bit
she's not too bad she's not too much
she's kind of a trooper that one who
cares she's like if you just give me a
truce I'll be fine thar it's going to
cook me dinner tonight so I'm a tad
nervous I'm not gonna lie to you guys I
love rainy weather and I love stormy
weather I don't know about you guys that
you feel about that but I love it you
love it I don't think so not too much
where do I'm cooking dinner cooking
dinner I'm having tacos are some fancy I
am going to make stuffed chicken
Florentine I'm making this from scratch
okay
this surprise surprise and I were gonna
have a little date night but as you can
hear everything is just raining and it's
miserable out and it's am soaking wet so
I thought you know maybe I'll cook
dinner Allie always cooks dinner is that
romantic
am I being super romantic for the pups
well terrified shakes least we don't
have even lost power yeah I know cuz I
felt bad yeah that's forbidden
I made that at Publix
you like you like that I totally made
that from scratch all that from scratch
yes I did I want to say good night and
that also means that it's time to go
watch the RV special video I'll put a
link down in descriptions right there at
the top go check it out guys please let
us know what you think it was a lot of
fun and we truly hope you enjoyed it so
I will see you guys tomorrow also in the
comments please wish Ali's brother and
his fiance congratulations I guess not
wish congratulations say congratulations
for the baby girl it was a pretty
uneventful day it was a very eventful
day yes new member of the family so
we'll see you guys tomorrow good night
