Oh zombie - zombies in here three good
morning Internet
I am going to go on the wind the kids go
to sleep dude yes Charles do not divulge
our secrets they're sleeping in the
daytime tell you what Charles you are
the most you and Allie there yeah
quested podcast guests really every
single podcast get Charles and I've been
wanting to be on it for a longest time -
so I know I'm sure we do 100 I wanted to
be 100 were like 90 this might be 90 I'm
not doing it now Holly had to leave
she's got Atlanta today this is just
like a crossfire right here
home see my grills it's so funny that we
kiss Charles and I just traded places oh
by the way hi I'm home now kind of fell
asleep for the goodies I'm really really
really excited to see my girlie and
finish putting up Christmas lights
Charles doesn't even gonna know what hit
him when he gets home I'm gonna have
like 8000 away it's on the house mmm
deliciously organic so I think I just
confused the organic people I'd only
have hot coffee and I was like can I see
Oh what is that she put that down white
I don't know we lost her
but yeah I confused him with the iced
coffee oh I just get a couple of ice get
a couple of coffee that dog has better
hair than anyone I've ever seen
come look from behind this like if you
look like right here looks like a lady
ladies
oh it's 11:11 make a wish all right just
got some coffee Shay and Katie let went
to go get some some juice they went they
went the healthy way I shall with the
healthy way but she left the keys in the
car should I steal his car holy cow you
know what this thing is like a monster
truck I'm naughty I'll just leave run
right into that window
look at that snazzy shirt he's wearing
though alright
searching for Ted I think he's somewhere
on the other side right now oh I see I
see him I see who's coming he's coming
Eric comes headed down the homestretch
this is this looks cozy comfy right here
behind the scenes what was your name
Blake Blake Blake this Blake this is all
the people behind right here this isn't
just a blog TV operation here you guys
there's great wtk GTS only the best I
don't take my glasses off tell the
cameras start rolling wtk that's pretty
funny all right
oh we always get that like we the kings
yeah w2k don't plan that out that was no
you guys totally distinct got to shave I
like I like the lighting though the the
softbox set up right there the IKEA
right I just wanted to show you guys to
play some of my microphone my
contractual obligation of having that in
the shot now look familiar
that's so cool all right girls
do I miss your belly
oh so shy and everywhere I'm taking a
nap right now and I still still wired
from the coffee I'm just gonna like walk
around see what I can find and look I
found at Del Taco don't know what that
is is it better than Taco Bell I'm
afraid to try it
it has iced coffee we should try
something good to be honest I have
actually no idea where I just I've been
walking for the past like 30 40 minutes
I have no idea where I am or where I'm
going or how to get back because I still
haven't gotten yeah I know I'm still
using Apple maps I'm still using it I
know I know I just don't have the heart
yet I just I'm trying I'm trying guys
I'm trying good news is that Ally made
it home by the way too like no no
problems whatsoever bad news is she
actually had to leave we're gonna head
over to Travis's a little bit and I
guess this is the thing about California
that I like I feel like I fit in like
just talking to myself right now on the
streets
everyone talks to themselves California
I got a Starbucks a subway and
in-and-out burger decisions decisions
look what Charles left at the house I'm
gonna con and tell him he's in trouble
you left your charger here you and he
has two of them okay so the one time I
thought I was actually gonna catch you
messing up you have to oh yeah okay
never mind I thought it was gonna be
helpful but he's already prepared
they want some Chinese food
viral it's viral want some pizza pizza
today give me free I would in every
video it's just like randomly this like
that's karthik che you're just gonna be
a thoroughly appreciate that hot
chop-chop cheerio
chop-chop what is that face Zoe get your
phone don't miss my daddy you mad at me
don't be mad
so many people are coming down with like
a random holiday time illnesses so I'm
reaching for my little stupid vitamin C
stuff I thought this actually even works
i I feel like it does like I know
Charles I remember a long time ago he
used to just tell me whenever you would
get sick he would just like drink a ton
of orange juice they actually when I was
younger I used to take echinacea and
grapeseed extract which are pretty good
like natural things this doesn't seem
all that natural Oh Shirley Shirley wait
and on yellow cab to go to the recording
studio to meet the trav what are these
like mini bamboo stalks
asking all the experienced taxi people
what is the rule of etiquette here I've
been waiting for 40 minutes they said 10
more minutes and that was 20 minutes ago
do I just leave do I get another one or
just do I tip really bad what is the
rule of thumb here I don't know I feel
bad I always feel bad not tipping just
good I was before YouTube and stuff like
that I was in the service industry did
you know waiting but like if your
service sucks you that reflect you don't
I don't know what to do still waiting so
I just start walking her stop looking at
me curly alright so we went from 15
minutes to an hour and there to point
foot nine miles away look at all my
friends all my friends were here journey
but it's pretty epic tour right now
we're playing this game called flow you
start off as like this little
single-cell dude with a mouth and you
just try to like absorb other things and
you like gain their like energy and I'm
gonna get him
oh now you're big eater swirlies eat
that okay easy
yeah front of the television so I always
feel whenever we're little and I got mad
at him listen to me stand in front of
the TV or just turn the power on the TV
off not the game system alright so after
about two hours of trying to get here
finally did is Blake over there so legs
an all-star recording engineer he makes
that stuff makes sense he makes it makes
this stuff going to here and then yes
it's all fine calculations he's a giant
wall our music getting to your ears so
say thank you to Blake in the comments
below about him this would not happen
did you see how big the room is yeah it
has to be times stuck in this cage for
months this is the new song it's called
I've got you it's called say no say now
oh did you actually just tell him
something yeah oh whoops real real thing
oh it is manager
so normal just Duke this is amazing
salad though it's the same thing this
Mac computer voice okay
whoa all right guys well it's time to go
to bed I'm getting exhausted this whole
jetlag thing and like you're feeling
like it's like four o'clock in the
morning it's just killing me right now
but yeah I'm gonna go to bed tomorrow I
guess we're gonna start doing the more
recording I started a little bit today
actually I recorded a Travis took a
photo see
I started working on a song anyway so I
will see you guys tomorrow have a good
night and secret phrase you know I feel
like I feel like the the tards had a
great great one I want some pizza pizza
I want some pizza pizza but there's
receiver phrase alright I'll see you
guys tomorrow
worse yet
giddy with child trippy
where
with trippy an alley don't forget Zoe
more
