all right I'll backed up Wow okay
wouldn't you woke up where's Zoe so he's
always getting up to I blow it away this
is the first time ever I've ever left
and you guys have gotten up hi good
morning
wait what's going on I was promised food
well guys it's like 5:00 in the morning
how'd you get this much energy I should
say Marly be good be good
Teddy boy boy actually I don't even know
Ted it's a boy or girl I'm furious Ted
are you a boy or a girl come on Ted
little shiny there sup buddy good skinny
dog oh yeah a big red coffee couch where
are you guys in the world
alright who in their right mind would
try to smuggle a giant elephant or foot
just in their bags just no it's just
yeah it's just a trunk in the public see
what it looks like right now crazy I'm
trying to find a way to get the vlog
uploaded there is it like Leo intended
that I can't see and I really don't want
another to the backs rubbing each
other's faces in public places that
sounds like a really fun video
landed finally to LAX step 1 find some
coffee
step 2 and find shade step 3 upload the
vlog there's Sinbad you know we're just
talking shop you know he's got to tell
you in there you know is that kind of
guitar oh look at the sidewalk face is
sleeping back there should get out of
the car Oh like this is the best part
okay Sinbad standing there shade just
literally just like for Roger oh man
it's so good
what am i right over Sinbad when I have
you in trouble your baby looks so cool
though the fact that you just almost hit
Sinbad went on the curve and you're
dressing them like awesome suit yeah
like the Mormon CIA my buddy from I know
sorry hearing different things
yes and you guys just erase all that out
of your minds right hold on hold on look
Shay you're an enabler gun to my head
I have a table for 28 minutes I can
smell it man I've heard actually that
the smell of coffee beans is actually
good for you just like the smelly more
believe it more excuse here playing
princesses and in order to do so I am
the Itard says that I have to wear a
dress oh that's the one you have to dot
I like your chair thank you
I think it fits it looks great yeah
there we go okay there we go
whose is that is that your dress baby
cards
oh man Bob is like at home look at that
so this one's California's like Robert
Madhavi was here it's pretty awesome I
feel like I'm at home right now it's
like a Caribbean special alligators no
alligators doctor doctor of elusive
detail fish are you we got some giant
fish look at this do any of you guys
have food no way really oh really oh my
gosh
what's this one want some Cheetos oh
yeah oh yeah you got to give it back to
me because I
dude like say fruit and veges sure that
is what will help you get thin you guys
veterans don't look at this part he's
just like family
hey I'll just hold it like that
recording right now hi guys
look it's a baby be cute baby do
something funny show me a dress do a
little spin
alright alright woah oh it's your collar
hi
what is new today we have a good dinner
you guys what did you have Jevons and i
geladas hideous quesadillas at you what
do you think no i excuse me after that
way too much you drank way too much she
drink too much brownie brownie brownie
cookie huh it's been a while since we've
been here Oh oh yeah it's like a beacon
of light I'm like a fly to light right
now it's the careful bug zapper
that was kind of looks like a like an
error aircraft carrier that aircraft
carrier like where they put like planes
in them like fix some hanger hanger
there yeah those are my shoes I didn't
notice that was the American flag if you
go back here ready what a boob Latian
revelation flag of the is that
he's never heard a stars and strike know
who these are bad Americans they happen
to be deported immediately here's the
thing as I know the harmony but I didn't
know the little you're saying and
eventually funny okay come on Michael
Jordan wheels soul there's like no soul
on that
no I don't think might I'll do it though
Oh a little bit you try
does that go all the way back that looks
incredibly uncomfortable oh I need to go
to Brookstone oh yeah yeah you probably
about good four inches maybe four three
inches you're pretty yeah you're good
so we're gonna go see Lincoln and we're
at this fancy place where you can get
all this food
but wait until you see the seats to get
this all that
look you guys thanks gotta check it out
seriously check it out check it out fine
wines beers cocktails honestly though me
and collect came here the other night
and we got this pizza where's the show
what you got do you want to get about
this lobster carbonara carbon are at a
movie theater don't do you see that
there's invisible you guys you guys
waffle sundae get waffles and I you guys
you see that it's a waffle and ice cream
is that adult apple juice it really pays
we get a fart like drink apple juice no
back me up Internet come on apple juice
makes me fart how many circles in the
circle so how many circles are in this
yellow circle right here whoever gets it
right will win a circle tell me in the
comments guys that is really getting
into it
ketchup ketchup at the movie theater we
just push this button right here for
seed cartoon Mali and every gets really
fast like this is the start of that
wherever he gets just that logs gonna
button strong yeah the other coat just
drains in your vein that's my lovely
wife right there
classy some classes
every would you everyone seek your
phrase in the comments I don't what to
in every effort was Shashi gather
everyone reply to each other to say Josh
I feel like that's going to be a giant
mess could be funny
psst
which all trippy
whereas India
with Gianelli don't forget
