you missed it
but what hold on hold on hold on all
right shape up guys oh wait you have
something in your face your shape up you
want to get some free stuff you get dunk
on your face dude I need to find my
GoPro because you know I haven't gone on
the go pads as we fixed it I want it
there it is every time I want to try to
like do something with the GoPro it's
like it's like honestly like building
it's like a rector step I have to find
all the pieces I want to try to do this
I'll have no thumbs
you said that yesterday get one down
would you two three
why are you staring at me all weird
what's wrong there's a cat in that tree
and there was another cat in the tree
but it just jumped down today we're
actually gonna get to go for a lovely
beach walk because we didn't go to
outside and it's and it's like gone
beautiful dad was taking a picture of
the coast wearing sunglasses so he
thought she was taking picture him and I
thought he was looking somewhere else
but he was talking to me that's Catalina
utterly Wine Mixer
what Beach of this I love that guy Oh
what are they doing oh they're fighting
they're freaking out those are gigantic
girls look at this can't be seagulls
what is that it's huge
let's do this yes the nigel thornbury
jingle is back my favorite angle in the
world hi
there's something on my face I should do
an entire vlog like this one day just
like walk around alright mister don't
panic Christmas like everywhere okay any
guesses if this is gonna work you guys
guess no tights get some electric lights
Duffy has electrolytes right I don't
even know what an electrolyte is all
right to make sure you guys have all
angles let's uh let's go down here
something like here maybe looking up
that can become a fun so I lost my nuts
not those nuts
this nut here's the lesson if you ever
drop something go to the floor and look
level to the floor its easiest way to
find something
all right now let's go ride a two-wheel
scooter that was smart Charles Chuck get
the work at it it doesn't it's always
better to run up a hill I know you don't
believe me but if you walk up a hill
it's a slow burn it's like eating fast
versus eating slowly if you eat fast you
can cram more in feet slowly you can't
if you run you can make it up really
fast
I wish I would have filmed this before
but I was just starving it was so
beautiful when I first came out it's
like a sign and juice rinoa
and it's like all the soup like amazing
goodness for everybody doing
just take the PCH all the way up the one
orefici right all right
same fanzines this is what we're driving
at the hallway
world's most flattering angle
putting up
i Walter that would again
I guess because I wrecked so many times
my wheels coming loose that could be bad
so I have something pretty awesome I
think a lot of you guys are gonna be
pretty pumped about this news okay so
I've been talking to this company it's
called bullfrog spas it's the same
company that I think about last year
Toby gave away a hot tub to his viewers
well rushing rushing rushing hand
running that skirt can't restrictive
vote
rushing to get on a boat we were also
just informed that we are apparently
going to be in a boat parade we all were
under the impression that we're going to
go watch a boat parade no no no no we
are in a boat parade I'm very excited
they there are so many boats with lights
on that minutes awesome I can't show you
guys they want to do the same thing and
give a CTFxC er a free freaking hot tub
I'm not kidding they gave one away last
year they're doing it again they chose
us I am extremely happy that it's gonna
go to one of you guys then you can
accidentally spill some sort of like
energy drink in there and then it could
just like time warp and have your own
Hot Tub Time Machine me I I don't know
I'm serious they're giving away a hot
tub and they want to give it away to one
of you guys it's really easy I just want
to tell you guys to do this so I want
all of you guys to do this it's a free
freaking hot tub it ends the 21st so you
have to do this fast all you have to do
is go to facebook.com slash hot tub and
spas right there on the screen or links
down there in the video description you
can click that and it'll open up here
I'll walk you through it so that way you
have no excuses not dinner alright so
you want the facebook.com slash hot tub
and spas you see this nice little ad all
you gotta do is click right here with
this free hot tub giveaway click that
and at the top it says to like the page
so you simply just like give the page
right there and then it's gonna change
and at the bottom left it's gonna be how
to enter so you just click here to enter
and then you enter I'm not exaggerating
it's that simple
if you don't have a Facebook I would
make a Facebook now to enter it because
really we'll give away a hot tub to one
of you guys they did it last year with
Toby's viewers like I said and they want
to do it with the CTFxC so that is
awesome
though I'll give you a couple seconds if
you want to do that now pause this video
click the link down there and go do that
before you ever get I'll remind you at
the end of their video because I really
really really want you guys to win I
don't want some random person to win so
do that now I'll wait oh wait they
actually just hit pause so that way it
ought to sit here for it and wait for
another three minutes so good luck guys
I really really want one of the CTF X
years to win so please go enter don't
let some other random person win it's
gotta be one of you guys it has to be
one of you guys look at our boat we're
awesome - yeah I don't know we had a
snow glove up there and it's gone now so
looks like the trees on fire oh that's
the notorious Florida fire tree if you
didn't know that so tomorrow morning I
leave for about a week I think I gotta
go to LA we hang out with everybody and
then we're gonna go we start recording
the new with the Kings I don't get I lay
down the bass tracks
I'm gonna miss Zoey Marley so oh that's
uh that's a beautiful there we go
I'm trying to be all nice and I turn
around and Marley just left me a present
awesome oh yeah like I said I leave
tomorrow and you know I just want that
so a more like you know running around
and it's only a few days though luckily
it's only a couple days it sucks so
Kylie when I hope this week and then I'm
gonna go out now and great when I get
out there Ali's coming home it's like
we're gonna be flipping spots down every
time I do that to her she's always just
like what do I do
this is exactly what Marly doesn't party
as she gets poop down who doesn't want
to do anything and so it begins
uh hey packing what's wrong don't be sad
don't go I wish I wish there was just
some magical way it could just be done
well I'm done that was easier than I
thought
all right all packed up got the base got
my Wi-Fi boy hat I travel light I just
travel with a backpack I am so proud of
the fact that I can do that
you said you sad puppy nope nope this is
my stuff you can't know mine and if you
haven't already please go enter to win
one of those hot tubs like I said
earlier I really want to CTFxC R to win
uh so the more of you guys that like
enter to win the more likely that's
actually gonna happen so I'm really
really excited a little nervous I got
the Canon 7d so I could record
everything in the studio because I
haven't been recording like an actual
studio in about eight years you guys
forget that you guys are gonna come with
me so instead of a secret phrase I want
to try something we've done before and
it was so much fun all right so whoever
is the top comment right now when you're
about to type I want you to hit reply
and say something nice about them and
then we'll just keep it going and keep
it going and keep it going and then that
way we can share the love so I will see
you guys later I hope you guys enjoy the
video and uh I look forward to reading
your stuff in the comments bye guys
yes
with trippy and alley
with champion
don't forget go anymore
