um sir we are not driving the car could
you please put this in reverse and back
out of the driveway
what okay okay we'll go well no we'll go
somewhere where do you want to go no
look at all the time what where do you
want to go I don't know where you want
to go do you want to drive you think you
can just drive yeah that's right you
have no thumbs
okay so you think you can do better do
you think you can do better
all right miss miss cocky over here
let's go oh you boys let's go come on
let's go
no there's no auto no you have to drive
the car come on
oh oh oh that's right you can't because
you're a dog that's right you're not
allowed to drive so next time don't be
so demanding yes I'd like to teach
lessons to my dogs so okay you want to
switch okay come on now maybe we can go
somewhere oh boy
okay I guess I'll go back here I just I
was getting cereal in the kitchen and I
just see doubt over sitting on the couch
with a mirror and I hear sneezing over
and over again okay camera shy I feel so
much like a princess hundred sweet fish
I really don't think I would like this
we're going through now just choose
filming the same thing I'm sad right now
because we both going crazy oh my god
it's a king in the glass and I never
understood that that meant like kicking
the ass but it's glass instead of ass oh
that is Wow I like that
that's nice we're going insane because
we've been stuck in the house all day
I've been editing cinema oh we all we
have in magazines of Kate Middleton we
need to find something else to do so
yeah kind of just found out about what
just happened today it's like one of
those things where it's just like you
can't believe it's real you don't I mean
like to think about these young children
like just these kids just kids you know
what I mean like just in school I don't
know what to say I don't really have
words describe how I feel about this you
know it's not one of those like gun
should be outlawed guns you know should
be okay is it really it's it's whether
or not you outlaw guns there's still
knives there's still there's still
things you know I mean like it's so I
don't know yeah it's just it's it's kind
of scary to think about like you know
like raising kids in society or like in
a world like this now and with the fear
of sending your kids to school and you
know that should be a safe place you
know I mean and it's not it's just
frightening guys that shouldn't happen
yeah all right I need to go take my mind
off of this come on Marley oh my gosh
perfect perfect timing Marley rolled in
poop she has poop on her back so the
first thing Don and I have decided to do
chad has been very instrumental in
creating a long list of crafty and fun
things we can do and the first thing
we're gonna do is we're going to read
about Kate Middleton's since we have a
plethora of information about here at
our fingertips literally we're going to
make a song based on little snippets of
news about Kate and will well and Kate
Kane will or else the Middletons as I
call them even though that's wrong I
didn't get using the door jam that we
totally blocked it was like sorry
and we were filming guess what we're
doing we're writing a song burning Kate
Middleton for how not fabulous she's
gonna be when she gets pregnant even
though she probably will dang it yeah be
on her side we're reading like a gag
song they mean two cables and we really
love her a lot it's not really like
meant to be mean but bravery dude
we're dear friends we're really close
with the Duchess she'll understand we
will not get a royal cease-and-desist
what are you doing
Hey look that doesn't happen
look at me now I got some medicine to
try to destroy with a little bit left of
this cold it's like this weird thing
that's going around everywhere I just
want to show you I was looking through
the directions it's frightening look at
this jeez I hate medicine like warnings
giganto burrito you guys know it's my
favorite all-time place of all time
forever no no yeah I don't want that so
we're going to like probably the
fanciest fancy started that I've ever
seen I was a great movie moment my hair
was like blue and the breeze that's
awesome
I believe I believe I believe I've only
neros are the most ridiculous boots I've
ever seen
you know what those reminded me of do
you guys remember that thing when you
were a kid like the moon bounce shoes
like those things that you like strapped
to your normal shoes into your houses
when you're a kid the little moonwalk
shoes that's what those boots are many
of and it's got like a little thing with
the rubber straps crossing it and you
can bounce in them it's so awesome
my friends and I were pretty daring back
then and we used to take those shoes on
the trampoline so it's like double
trampoline I don't recommend doing that
safe idea
what is going on there's so many noises
going just sending emails Gibby
stop sending emails stop sending all
right hey let me see your choice of
party shoe you always wanted to feel you
always wanted to feel like a princess
and now you can with these princess snow
boots oh my god how do you fit into
those two sides show that house is like
scrunched up I don't care it your foot
is the size of my hand
Serge does it hurts like do you love
these do you love these I think I might
indefinitely I grab and go
oh girl you did pretty sure Rock knows
and what was that you see it don't jump
what was that No
what was that that was huge like a fox
alright go faster go faster
tonight just get a little more
interesting yeah I haven't got to do
this yet go look at Christmas lights
hey little Christmas sleigh those are my
favorite the blue ones
America one's red white and blue Wow
I think the Griswolds live there I have
no idea where I am right now I've taken
so many turns well that's a working
train Wow
I think we have a winner holy crap
poorly are those squirrels I can't
figure it out look at the train Zoe Oh
hook it took it if you can't eat those
oh I'm so confused
what are those things
oh no I read yourself good eyes Zoe
fallen reindeer I'm gonna be a peeping
tom on dodge Tom take one teaspoon by
mouth for cough how else were you
supposed to take cough medicine I want
to ask you guys cuz look there's stead
of mine oh crap I said my own mother no
weapons that but what what's that oh
crap oh crap oh crap oh crap but when
you play a video game what type of gamer
are you are you a runner or you a
collector cuz Ali's definitely a
collector like when she plays any game
it's like Bioshock or something like
that it takes her forever cuz she has to
get every single thing me I just I love
the cutscenes I if I can just get every
single game I ever played just have the
cutscenes I probably be happy I think
what it is is just because I really get
into the storyline you don't I mean like
I just really like the story I just want
to get through it so I can find out what
happens I don't know what kind of game
are you guys runner a collector
oh alright guys so that's it for today
tomorrow we going to be going to read
Ando read Ando Redondo Beach but I just
wanted to say sorry to all those
families in Connecticut who are dealing
with this insane unimaginable loss and I
hope that you guys find a way to you
know find solace in the comfort of the
families you have left and I am so so
sorry for those that you might have lost
it's a it's a truly horrific thing right
everybody so thank you for watching
today's video and I hope that you guys
have a good evening we'll see you
tomorrow
wait
yes
giddy with y'all trippin
where's he at
with European alley don't forget to eat
barley
