all right 57 no looking so close okay
we'll return
ah
seriously seriously and I go over what
are you guys doing down there you're
both down there
how'd you both fit there one and you
just stepped on her tail too Marley
Marley all right
it's not focusing check her second a big
no don't worry I haven't seen a point
right now fancy as Christmas we're going
to Luna to stock Sandra's not religious
man it's so awesome it was boring enough
for me but really really rainy and gross
when we were into funny and now all of a
sudden it's just beautiful so thank
goodness and hopefully to each other
everything is getting warm and nice and
Hannah is saying suck my dick in the
background I want to go see if his dog
face can climb that tree or if that was
a fluke yesterday if you didn't see
yesterday's video go watch it
Marley climbs a tree after a squirrel
just go watch it go watch yesterday
today's an interesting day it seems that
Apple allowed Google to release their
Maps app interesting now faced with a
tough decision do I ditch Apple Maps go
to Google Maps Apple Maps gets people
lost in Australia and almost dies Google
Maps ditches us says they can't do
something and then turns around does it
anyway do I keep using Apple maps so
that way eventually it gets better
just like Siri or do I just jump ship
decisions decisions
what are you guys gonna do are you gonna
stick it out with Apple are you gonna
begin to jump ship a part of me wants to
jump ship but I remember how bad Siri
was about a year year and a half ago and
people just kept using it now it's
awesome so I feel like if people just
kept using it I don't know
I'm delusional it's a very very tired
look in a pigeon so here we are the OSI
so much fun you totally have a beach
fire that would be so much fun I don't
think I've ever had a fire on the beach
I don't think you're allowed to do that
in some places in Florida and a lot of
places in Florida actually you're a cute
little panda head look at you girl field
dance we decided to stop for a little
baby snack break we had to go to Rocky
Mountain Chocolate Factory it's like one
of my favorite places because they have
the most amazing panel
like they have so many different
varieties and it's just awesome and like
there isn't one anywhere near where I
live I either have to go to a mall like
really far away or I have to go to an
airport somewhere so this works out
great and I'm so excited we got eight
Laguna one I don't know what the hell
Tiger butter is but that's what's in it
what it's like a butter like white
chocolate I you know the candy and there
was like a chocolate didn't marshmallow
really a Twinkie or something just like
how much for that boomstick
I recycle everything like bagging up bag
about ma'am hi I'm Riley take two right
go up the tree do something well that
was a fail you didn't even want to try
to do it did you no no no squirrels no
dice
are we on the PCH yeah put the H we're
in the pacific coast highway driving
down and is
awesome it is just so so freakin
beautiful here I mean like I know I say
it all the time it's seriously it's like
the idea of like a mountain going into
the water like a cliff and then water is
so foreign to people from the East Coast
so like it's well at least in Florida so
it's really really boring
oh my gosh guys I'm trying to find rest
for years the jury's still out on this
one
not likes it and Hannah likes it there's
something that strikes me as a little
bit strange about it I don't know if
it's the waistline I love the color and
I love the fact that his tool because I
was a dancer and I loved all tools hurts
all over the worlds period already now
to get plane tickets so I'm going to be
going to California next week to start
recording the laying down the bass
tracks for the new way the Kings album
and I'm gonna be filming a couple other
stuff out there when I'm up there and
while I'm out there I'm out there here's
the thing that I've all weirded out
isn't the Mayan end of the world the
21st or was it sometime in the next week
right necessarily wanna fly on that day
although what about if you're in the air
and something bad happens like I don't I
don't know what happens in the Mayan end
of the world but like something bad over
the air and like the zombie apocalypse
happens down there I'm gonna be okay
I'll be golden as long as we're up in
the air for a while but then won't we go
down then I have to like start the
zombie apocalypse then I have to go get
a baseball bat or another blunt object
and then I don't know it'll be like I am
Legend yesterday when I was telling you
about
oh my gosh it's going to be a reality oh
my gosh everything's making sense now
hmm
what do I do this is another nerd moment
somebody posted something about how
Google wouldn't update the turn-by-turn
location stuff on the iPhone so Apple
kicks them off right and then think
about then they replace it with this
like kind of like half-assed Maps and
then they go oh yeah we we screwed up
here's a bunch of third-party stuff then
Google releases G Maps
Apple like says oh yeah I hear you guys
could download the G Maps and now it has
all the stuff that they wouldn't do
before and now did Apple just did apples
just troll and play Google I didn't
think of it maybe they did that on
purpose now we are at a lovely little
Daily Bread this what it translates to
I'm not gonna say in French cuz on the
sound like a moron it's an organic but
it's so funny the guy it was like
introduced yes he was being really sweet
but he was like
being unintentionally a little bit
snooty it was pretty cute outside we're
crashing after that Apple how did I just
miss that panel show me now what are you
doing nothing she's getting full
enjoyment out of a cappuccino okay I was
just gonna do it off do you know I
shouldn't be so mean about the sassy
later because you brought us a whole
plateful it was probably $30.00 eighteen
bitings it's taken you forever to year
they got my friends it's snowing kind of
its soaping all the snow on the ground -
gotta love Florida a forever right
a for effort okay actually you know what
maybe I can actually clean my shoes this
is actually very this is very this is
very practical very practical draft you
have stuff on my face how come I'm the
only one doing this come on people
literally by myself all right whatever
you know what my favorite things to do
is basically the best pot necessarily to
buy anything but just to get ideas and
then what I do is I like write down
things and then I go online and I try to
find it cheaper online
am I the only one that does that feel
think it's cheating a little bit but oh
yeah that's a good sign right there sold
out you guys getting pretty pumped for
the new album you'll be able to walk
into like any store and just like oh
there's the Charles Danny Travis Coley
and Hunter
alright that's pretty cool yeah now
Fashion Show Fashion Show I feel like I
haven't done anything physically
strenuous that I'll say but I am
exhausted and I have no idea why like no
food why I'm so tired yeah
alright you something - sure
yeah not gonna happen not gonna happen
well but I really wasn't trying to do
anything you should probably give me
half of that well looks like I just made
dinner breakfast lunch dinner breakfast
then I leave I mean food guys we've gone
from here weird
and I say so
I'm driving and I'm a little bit afraid
I don't think I really I mean I know how
to drive obviously been driving for a
long time but the rules of the road are
a little bit different in California are
they a little bit so this little
friendly guy slash girl is Cleopatra
snowflake and that's something that I
bought for Hannah years ago and it's
always been her - ornament and nods its
little head every time she drives a lot
of you guys said that you would
excommunicate me from the CTFxC if I
didn't finish far cry 3 so I'm trying to
do it right now this game is so hard
though do you die you have to like go
across the jungle it's so hard like is
there some sort of code where it's like
like up up down down left right left
right B a start or something like that
well not well that work on here it's
totally part of the family so we're
having some delish ramen that is you
didn't actually see this team on camera
you can never see that crap and you can
see it now it's time to go to bed which
a really fun day out shopping with the
girls and I need to do something about
featuring I was just gonna be really fun
because we had her I guess well
everybody I'll see you tomorrow love you
wait
worse psst
with y'all trippin
with trippy
don't forget
