what is today's date it's Wednesday
December 12 2012 it is 12 12 12 Wow all
right I'm weirded out a little bit there
is literally at the park day absolutely
no one it's a freaking ghost town
do they know something we don't know no
don't open the door open the door now
well is happening this is the worst to
turn ever carabiner
all right Marley I don't know if I could
break the lock okay so find the zombies
all right get my zombie fuel it's
weirding me out a little bit I've been
coming here since Zoey was born I've
never had the park to myself in the
middle of the day and now all that
remains of society is a single slab or a
tennis ball just downtown yeah downtown
it that is an awesome fire holy crap
that thing is like I could tear up the
beach like we could just do it if I
can't afford it then I guess I'm gonna
spill it I'm sort of freaking out right
now I just found a gigantic collection
of vinyl I'm going to look through it
again the baby Anakin don't see him we
saw him at Disney I don't know sign whoa
drop here we are so dang close to the
water every time we passed a house we
can see it we don't know where a
public-access is what there it's not
quite sure how to get there
what if this is like that movie with
Will Smith can't think of the name but
like the apocalypse movie and it's just
him and his dog maybe me and Marlene
Zoey
they couldn't hunt they can't hunt they
could find dog treats back in somewhere
yeah I saw what you did instead of
hunting you're rolling and yeah we're
screwed Will Smith he's hunting zombies
and I think Reed's goes crazy talking to
mannequin what is that movie called
just sitting there and I kept hearing
and I look up and the squirrel was I'm
not kidding it was right there above my
head I jumped so it sounded it sounded
like a zombie / - like the like that
this wouldn't sound like freaked me out
what's he doing up there alright make
sure you get them how did you get up
there bar I get down well√∂ how did you
get up there seriously how did you do
this how are you Wow okay you're getting
really good at jumping now so I turn
around for two minutes two minutes I
looked at my phone really quick Marly
apparently jumped up here jumped up here
jumped right there and then jumped up
there to chase the squirrel
I guess gotta take back that whole
hunting thing the squirrels playing with
Marley
he's teasing the crap out of her it's
just totally Pistor dude show me how you
did this I want to see how you did this
come on do it again
please the school's right there my
school's me yeah come on do it again
okay now show me how you did this get to
get a running start how did you do this
holy Sh she just did it on camera she
just did it on camera I can't I can't
holy crap you're a spider dog uh-oh
there it is but there are gates in the
way we're lost
do it victorious I am on my way down to
the beach I'm so glad we found a holy
crap we thought we'd never make it dot
have supersonic hearing Oh where'd you
go and she heard a train coming I didn't
even hear it she's like the train's
coming she said like so mysterion's
coming yeah I'm like what I'm like how
do you know it's like because I heard it
you gonna try it nope can't do that
it's got an elevator or something I
really don't get this I have no idea how
but every time I need to find a pic I
can't find it I have no guitar I have a
ton I just don't know where there is
baby here I'll found it I take that back
found it and we're going to the pier I
think over there oh dang that looks so
good just to my right they see that
that's the water in the pier okay look
how dark it is outside it's not even
five o'clock yet it is so dark out I
feel so tired and old like a all the
time it loves makes me so tired so we
like so soon yeah waiting for her to
stop being a responsible person time
come hang out with us we've been
drinking this for a good hour and a half
now and it's still not gone yet so oh by
the way do I look snazzy we're gonna say
snappiness it's all snazzy right here
snazzy I'm about to go meet everyone
we're gonna go kind of to hang out a
little bit
my buddy Shane and Katie's just got
married and they're kind of celebrating
it with all the friends and family in
the area so I'm gonna go out there I'm
gonna meet up with everyone hey you know
make sure Marley doesn't do any bad
things yes yes sir
Oh Oh aye aye captain we are at a place
called fashion island it's not an island
but there's a lot of fashion we're
shopping and I got a great Christmas
present and she's not allowed to have it
I really want to go with your now she's
not a lot of having it kind of like this
is my favorite whole food in the whole
world
half of Whole Foods hotbars not what you
said earlier
the fountain sounds really cool
sounds like a rain stick with water now
we're good so you know what I just
realized guys today is well obviously
it's twelve twelve twelve but it today
is actually the last ever ever in our
history of ever
that there will be a repeating date like
you know eleven eleven eleven ten ten
ten twelve twelve twelve it's the last
one this is the last one ever we've had
ten years of repeating digits and stuff
like that and always looking forward to
like seven seven seven eight eight eight
I can actually remember where it was
seven seven seven eight eight eight and
666 I think that was one AFI really is
their album but I know it's kind of
crazy so you always have to remember
where you were what you did on 12/12/12
better the Roxbury too right hey there's
a girl there
works Wallace Danny mark first trav and
I
sir the game hasn't charted
Oh
was that because you're on film
well they hear about you know what it is
coloring book I am so excited
you'll learn to draw him and you just
drive everywhere
it's not like I'm back at the apartment
this is gonna be a gigantic mural of
Ryan Gosling but you know they just
realized it's not gonna be the last time
there's gonna be a repeating digit for
the year I mean I meant to say in our
lifetime sorry that just popped in my
head
BAM alright what's damaged why'd you
guys break had a really nice day here
again and Hannah's going to be off work
tomorrow or today so it's gonna be
awesome we're gonna get to spend a lot
of time I think we're gonna be going to
Laguna for a little bit I think we're
gonna be going to some really pretty
beaches and stuff like that alright
everybody thanks for watching today's
video
love you guys we'll see you tomorrow
good night oh and char I love you might
even see you and I hope the girls aren't
being too bad you're probably are
they're probably like farting everywhere
come on ghost of Gibson
waiter
yes
giddy with child trippy
with DNR we don't forget
