I woke up because I didn't have any leg
room and I discovered why the rules of
reversed the tables have turned
da da change it is it's had more things
for the it's backwards but I don't have
anymore
I'm Lindsay Lohan and you're a Jamie Lee
Curtis and it's freaky Tuesday tricky
Tuesday I get to go and go to sleep you
know you have to get on the plane
go get hurt up like cattle oh now you
guys are up oh wow
still five o'clock yeah I'll see you
guys in a bit
I'm gonna go back to bed this is like
come on guys let's go oh hey you craving
a style man I'm on my way to actually
this is Orange County this is really
confusing it's Orange County that the
airport is SNA and Santa Ana but on the
monitors it's Orange County I don't know
it's really confusing anyway so that's
where I'm going I'm running on an hour
of sleep so it's a cup on a trike it's a
cup on a train so I just got the same
from MJ and I really
two things one I found my sunglasses
into their police officers ride
tricycles he was hauling ass all around
looked so funny probably about as funny
as I look now to the hundreds of people
standing
okay rephrase that I guess to be fair I
have to say it's like a Segway with
three wheels it's not like a trike but
you have a pedal by yourself but it's
still really really weird hey do you
wanna go on a coffee run you want to go
on a coffee run yeah buddy
so Ali is in California so just the
bitches and I right now going on a
coffee run because as you can tell I'm
not hyper at all not at all and here's
the funny part I just talked to Travis
and I have to go to California I think
on Thursday or Friday to start recording
the new album so I'm going to be out in
California she's gonna be out in
California we're gonna be like an hour
but it's like the worst timing in the
world but it's kind of funny at the same
time gonna start recording I think you
guys are gonna come along so when this
album comes out we can make it number
one we can make this album with the
CTFxC triple platinum we're gonna do it
right
when does the album comes out we are
honestly gonna have the best street team
in the world you guys it's gonna be I am
so excited for it
a little bit nervous but I think it the
nerves Huawei the excitement you know
Marley's like turn that thing off now
actually I'm technically not supposed to
let you hear this but you guys want to
hear really really snip it a small
version of one of the new songs it
promised not to tell don't tell anyone
right just kidding all right here's the
real three seconds this is all you get
that's it that's all you guys get that's
all you guys get until the new I'll give
you more as we're recording it but
that's all you guys get getting excited
this is really cute daddy has a whole
list of directions from hand and it's so
so sweet like she's like the best most
organized person is here like the most
organized person that we know well she's
been she has to be okay yeah good point
good point let's refine that statement a
little bit now but I'm so excited to be
here funky fusion chips eating a potato
chip that changes taste like every
flavor of chips that they may put in one
yeah the breath is really cute little
place though see I got a sandwich on
swab right who knows what that me
sounds like something a parent would eat
Oh Miley was digging her feet are all
dirty they're cleaned your feet no no
quickly your feet there we go
hey you're free you think you're ready
oh so Ally is gonna be in California
like I was saying for about a week or
about six days or something you know
what that means
you guys know what that means toilet
seat stays up for a week haha yes it's a
little things guys tiny little things in
life I thought I was dreaming this but
apparently it's true
ally found my sandals I thought I was
dreaming that last night I got one
little bit go a little bit way mm-hmm go
this little beeyotch I hated it though
when you used to pick Danny Lions did
you ever get like the little beau white
like it's like the blood it's like the
plenty of blood goes on yo Oh stepped on
you buddy here's going backwards
back it up maybe that's how it turns
around Oh watch the roof what's the
water that sucks is raining so weird
it's been nice now all of a sudden it's
just all this rain in the winter come on
don't you want to go pee she wants
nothing to do with this rain look at
that all right you're the responsible
one you're right there okay Marley
you're the irresponsible one come here
hey right here yo oh okay
well yeah that's good all right all
right so pretty on a lovely stroll oh my
god you're so beautiful
stop oh my god you guys stop seriously
oh I have to say every single time that
I come to California I get so excited
that there are mountains because in
Florida we don't have any frickin
mountains and it's really really cool I
just I was telling Don I love to look
out over like a vast expanse of land and
just imagine what it looked like like
400 years
before people settled here and like what
it must have looked like I always
telling someone from Cal I call her
friends in California I'm like you
understand house like we're completely
flat Florida yeah and you like at school
we went to when we grew up there was
gosh there's a mountain yeah
teachers are like okay don't get hurt on
a little stump on the mound private
property but we have Wi-Fi although I
don't really think that that what that
means and it also just said that we
shouldn't go near that because it
exceeds the FCC exposure limit for radio
waves oh let's not go there we go ahead
and move away from that now so I've been
reading a lot online about like a new
game cuz I really want to play another
game but I'm afraid of playing
Assassin's Creed psych I don't want to
spend so much time but I don't know like
I can't make up my mind if I should get
far cry 3 ah dude is it any good is it
worth it it's not the suggestion of all
you guys I just took a chance I didn't
get to see cuz I'm hooked or we didn't
have much time and that's when it came
out so this better be good
I trusted all you guys on Twitter last
couple days cuz all the crappy weather
and the thunder and stuff so iam are
they've been freaking out so late
you guys ready collective all time I
want to see how good of a doggie daddy I
am I'm the favorite toys
Zoe nice little bone and marleah squeak
ball collective aw I'm trying to explain
how steep this is but I don't really
know how can you see like how much of an
angle my feet are at but doesn't really
help either this is the incline based on
the horizon
I can't this okay Donna are standing
right next to each other
yeah and that's how much taller she is I
am there yeah
like yeah it's like you're sprinting
uphill but walking speed how do you know
I have something for you so you uh you
are farting squeaks now see oh oh my
gosh
you have a bone right there can I please
have that it's like the age old kid
trick hey Marlee I think you have
something behind the ear you do it was
behind your ear the whole time do you
have something for me that's what he
kept for you okay such a long time no
you got this that's a really long time
go you got it oh my god I don't want to
do this I'm gonna have to do a handstand
to see how long I can do it probably
like one second oh go go go go go go
three seconds good 14 seconds is so long
well I was sitting down to actually try
to play a game and it's been on this
downloading loading screen for about I'm
not even exaggerating 15 or 20 minutes
this thing is better be downloading
another Xbox or I'm going to be pissed
the only thing I can't figure out is
this is this guy good or is he the bad
guy there's a world copy company meets
those tiny mug with coffee set it on
your back porch through squirrel-friends
and enjoy a morning cup of coffee with
you what the point of it I'm not letting
it do its job as just a cash gift I'm
overanalyzing it it's your number two
and there are apparently many people who
have had a great time carving the table
and also making it a really disgusting
stinky that was a great job it's a great
job and the lady put it in this Florida
because we all have Florida licenses and
when she was idea she got all of our
life which was were fake so we finally
got away
- stop Tomi now yo let's go to bed a
pretty good right now
come on let's go
finally geez what you got girl
Magnus yeah I'm so stoked to eat this
right now got in the fridge han gen
don't waste my milk girl girl and show
me your Magnum what mark you're gonna do
some more fun stuff and actually have
another episode of ask Allie uploading
tomorrow so go ahead and check that out
on my channel well I'm gonna pass out
right now guys but I will see you
tomorrow oh by the way secret phrase
badger badger badger badger badger
badger badger badger badger badger
badger badger badger oh and if you want
to see the full uncut version of Zooey
Marley grumbling back and forth I
uploaded that on an iPhone channel links
down there in the description you can go
check that out due to black ops that's
trippy goodnight CTFxC
godo bad
it's hardly wait
yes
with trippy
with trip in early don't forget
