ah what a beautiful day it's gonna rain
ah what a clean we list deck key weeds
hey mr. B please don't sting me I'm
trying to save your life so just get in
this Cup
I'm saving you okay I didn't I didn't
think this through Ali Oh need a piece
of paper
Zoe we'd help get help no help go hit a
squirrel squirrel squirrel friend okay
we'll get him so that's a wasp I just
totally picked my battles didn't I how
am I in this force field this invisible
force field I don't get it oh he's
singing the crap out of everything no
I'll get the door
no I don't want to get stung I've
literally had a dream that I got stung
by a wasp last night you I'm not doing
it you do it here an amateur that catch
it was like this and he saw the little
like opening and he's this escapes to
get the crap out no no way I'm out
why is your ear all goofy this is your
best impression of Vincent van Gogh huh
yeah chopped your ear off and you mailed
it to your lover though what happened
too soon I'm confused how does that keep
you with low prices
it's kind of an interesting way of being
like yeah we're gonna film this but you
guys get little prices come on
somebody's gotta move gotta hit your car
next time sir car won't be so lucky
all right I'm preparing to shoot some
videos halfway through my makeup almost
done
oh yeah but I had to show you guys this
first cuz it was pretty pretty stinking
funny and what do I see this foreign
piece of machinery
Rick wreck what is what is GG ok this
came out a lot less funny night oh yeah
gonna go destroy that she's getting
worse on the outside you gonna tell the
real story how you like fought an
alligator to save a baby's life yeah
that's what I was maybe the baby the
baby punched me at the last second I'm
nothing to do with the Gator baby this
is a new one I haven't tried this one
yet I got this like different brand of
hot chocolate for the holidays
looks like dude it was so unattractive I
was gonna be all cute give it a two
minutes will he ruin your net welcome to
the Nutcracker
insert nuts here Wow
excuse me sir sir your gas tank is open
sir
you got a standoff who will win this
battle look at Marley walking up there
like she's gonna be nice okay be nice
practice their skills
ah because your doggy skills are still
good see this dog this is what you gotta
do you gotta you gotta roll on your
right side did you guys switch it up
actually before every game there's this
video it's called Little Giants it's by
a artist her name saw Tay Barton she
made this video it's actually right here
on the screen you can click it right now
and open up in another magical window
but the world will be right here so you
can click and check it out here's the
kicker it's about children with cancer
and the coolest part about this video is
that the more amount of people watch
this videos the more amount of views
this video gets the more money is
donated to cancer research but like I
said the more amount of views send to
all your friends the better we can do so
I guess I wanted to show it to you guys
wanted to tell you guys about it so go
check it out spread the CTFxC love
recipe and there are a lot of different
things you can do with this food just to
what you need or just convenience for
example you don't have to use fresh
ingredients you can buy pretty much no I
guess it's a good time to remind you
guys I completely forgot last couple
days but the tour dates have been
finalized for the UK and the rest of
Europe
we the kings we are headlining a tour
out there but the tickets have gone on
sale
I think last Friday get the tickets now
you can go to the we the Kings music
calm I think is our website or our
Facebook but I would get them now
because they've been selling out really
really fast which is amazing so yeah if
you're planning on going to one of the
tour dates which I hope you guys are I
want to see us win CTFxC shirts and
hoodies buy hoodies those freezing over
there just a little heads up the tickets
are on sale now and I would snag them
before they're gone for those of you who
figured out yes I was kicked out of the
house Sally's shooting a couple of her
ask Ally's right now and I kept making
too much noise
so she's donating she's got some errands
all right what do I need Scriven burbles
burbles you're lots of fun but toxic
mega foamer if you guys have been
walking like the restorer and a bunch of
people just pass by you and it's like a
distinctive smell like somebody with a
lot of cologne or something like that
and you just like look at everyone and
you're like oh totally that guy totally
that guy and you can just figure it out
by how they look here's ever play the
game
pretty fun what do that wait of this
yeah what are you doing
finish our trouble my pride ourselves on
being the unconventional couple I am
outside doing the yard work and putting
up Christmas lights while Charles is
inside something including I don't like
dirt that I think it's kind of funny
like the old gender-role thing we kind
of kind of swapped that on its head
right this is what happens I told you
not to roll with it oh man you gonna
poop on my pillow hiding from the
Thunder yeah man this sucks I don't
think the Thunder could see me in here
finally we're getting around Ali leaves
tomorrow for California so we're
deciding to do with the Christmas tree
now yes otherwise it'll be way too late
I think this is the longest we've
actually waited to do the Christmas tree
that's right you hang my stocking
alright so for the tradition we have to
find alien eyes or anime ornament okay
find it 2011 and it says our first
Christmas it's not really pretty yeah
well no but it looks good that's good
yeah you look like you are a kid on
Christmas with that all right you know
we should hang oh my god we should have
an entire tree looks too heavy you gotta
find a bigger branch sure angel ready
ready oh god please just hang on okay
this is punishment for rolling
problems we'll never do it again you're
cute Tina's story there's no tell di in
the tree
no I Christmas morning the first person
to be able to spot it because he loved
it's hard to see first person who spots
it gets to open the very first person
that they pick under okay that's what I
just make that up
no what's on a car wait I have an idea
okay I want to cover the lens and then
you hide the pickle and I'll move my
hand and then the Internet has to click
somewhere on the video to see if they
can find the pickle all right go all
right guys interactive video time click
on the video where you think the pickle
is and it will open up in another video
if you're right if not do you lose click
where do you think the pickle is click
where do you think it is if you don't
want to play then just ignore me he's
always being adorable she thinks these
are hers so she keeps trying to pick
them up and play with them making
progress
wait did you move the Christmas pickle
after they found it or didn't find it if
you didn't find it you hit it again
picture Cheers
night wall this is the only thing that's
gonna keep me from getting sick this
week Oh Marty well I've even been done I
just know how that's it mmm I literally
have goose bumps iam you see him
it's kind of looking a little barren I'm
just kidding
I got trapped I went for a little golf
car ride and just started pouring on me
damn you weather alright gotta make sure
I don't run over any frogs like that one
okay move it frogs this is the final
this is the final it's all done looks
great don't know where the pickle is
though I always got early flight about
like four or five in the morning but we
don't we haven't done the secret phrase
in a while and today is perfect you know
what the secret phrase for today
Christmas pickle prove prove that you
watched this video but reading Christmas
pickle in the comments the way we know
who watched the video who didn't watch
the video well though if they didn't
watch the video they wouldn't be here I
will see you guys later
have a great night bye
wait
psst
giddy with y'all trippin
with trippy and alley
