what day is today
today is Sunday what a day for some
Cuffy let's all get some coffee today
open your hoping for it oh yeah all
right so tell miss your birthday maybe
we'll give you extra cookies all right
hold on oh they give you shit victorious
yeah
well you're victorious so after about a
week I guess about a week and a half I
finally did all the old tapes well not
all of about nine or ten of them and
it's kind of funny like all these bulky
little things can outfit on this little
guy actually probably fit on my thumb
drive so I'm going to bring him back
down to my parents house so my mom can
watch him because I don't think she's
even seen these things before hey
Danny's go hey you have like this exotic
nut not I said Bobby talked a lot it's
like a duck tails and bobby socks here
and greaser I'm agree Surya why could
you get into the Fonz hey you know oh
right
it's like this kind of weird it won't
stay up it just keeps falling down and I
just can't just can't get it up you know
some start singing summer lovin love
can't keep it up I'm not gonna
acknowledge yet Moza
making friends oh yeah hey Bo Moe's
moving in on your wife watch out look so
many cute pictures of this cat he is
such a ham mo is the cat dog you really
a dog well no look at it reach out
pretty much yeah act like a cat no one
would be a dog shake Oh lick like a dog
what are you guys doing get them look at
you whoa whoa Joey family then that was
right yo this that's what you should
watch what Marley does okay everywhere
that we did she puts her head on she
just like goes in this weird like balm
it's really hard look at her she's like
a like a possum she's pulling an awesome
yeah whiney so yesterday ally was super
hungry and decided to eat her lip I
forgot I was debating whether that I
should show you guys this because it's
really gross
this is show not chew when you have an
injury in your mouth when you're really
any creative just doesn't work hey oh
god how are did you bite down twice in
the same spot really hard Oh mine yeah
one two a little tiny one oh my god why
is this the same please you guys are
just what is genetically wrong with our
lower teeth that we but I was like it
hurts last night it was huge when I was
talking with Ally's just learning how to
chew it was like I had a dip in like I
put like a big piece of ice right there
left it so so Dylan it was so
embarrassing
well you both can't chew apparently now
when I talk I can feel it I was like you
just tell everyone you went to the
dentist yeah I just got hit myself in
the face accidentally last night yeah
really it looks like you punch yourself
in the luggage I smile I really fast I
gotta look this way Dario
it looks like you just punch yourself in
the face oh geez
I am you're such an idiot I am be honest
Callie's a turkey yeah I can't believe
you ate your laughs you're like a zombie
I don't feel it's a huge letter you can
feel it outside though now that you're
not you have the taste for blood
could you be a zombie or a vampire and
push you into the pool so I woke up this
morning and the go pet is leaking gas
again so I need to try to find a
different fuel line for it and I want to
start riding it again but right now I
feel like it's just gonna explode all
right
this is a fuel line that's it no that's
we do this I think it's a fuel line it's
this thing that goes from the carburetor
to the fuel I think it's the carburetor
did I actually just know something
you're wet
I can't believe you did that
first we open this please use your teeth
man on now this is a school one mm-hmm
oh my god what's he doing don't use a
poor tree did you get it no what are you
doing
well there's a Home Depot right behind
you
you need to be the wood now he's banging
it on a shopping cart
oh my god this is the funniest thing
I've ever seen he really can't get it
come on babe punch it kill defeated room
you can O so defeated come on science
leverage bring a finger
oh how ironic would it be if I did this
and went and busted my lip that would be
awesome
chomping uh-huh I'll be awesome no me me
then we would be matching encrusted lips
Oh son of a bitch but they you know the
the soda drink companies and then the
bottle cap companies they have it there
in canoes they're in cahoots
try to make you buy bottles Nikes I told
Charles to go open it over there there's
a coca-cola van right there I was like
go open it on the van I don't think you
although it's back at the shopping cart
now we've now been sitting at this store
for an extra 10 minutes while Charles
tries to figure out how they have to
open the bottle of coke you just went
over there you just disappeared again to
try and fix he's like mad that he can't
do it we're both so stubborn
Victoria sweet remember a couple months
ago I did that whole pressure washing of
this entire pool yeah
all of a sudden freaking things are
coming back I got a secret weapon this
time this grass does not stand a chance
die die die
you
you
q weeds all right it's about time we're
finally gonna actually do our tree Zoey
grab some lights let's go could we just
do like I just I have an idea
this year was just to like the Christmas
ball light and we'll just put a giant
ball of lights in the tree and then that
could be the one illuminated it could be
our star no I think it's gonna cool wish
you like a pet squirrel would you like a
pet squirrel in here that is the
greatest idea I've ever heard for any
squirrels additionals grow anything so
good here hello well are you done where
did the tradition come from like
chopping down a tree and then putting
lights on it it was a drunk guy
hi I'm gonna chop down that tree out
there bring in the house take all lights
put them outside
can you read really yeah we've got it
okay leave it there all right
yeah I get closer to the tree than that
bag and good oh yeah it's gonna be oh
it's way too tall hey why's a nice dog
oh I'm gonna cut like a foot off you
smell it see this isn't food do they
have like a big Wi-Fi logo that'd be so
amazing just the big Wi-Fi thing believe
it or not I've never made like barbecue
chicken before and I went to go get some
barbecue sauce for barbecue sauce look
at the sauce I found homemade sauce so
we'll let that marinate just do that
here is like a heartbeat
yeah stop ah so you're gonna do it no
scissors problem a little trick so you
don't have to reach oh you got half look
at you that the college day is coming
through oh yeah all right guys was time
we go to bed and that means gonna play
some video games
of an ally save progress of Zelda and
we're gonna hit continue and look at
that I'm already old
come on superficial right there just go
freaking not 3d 3d now 3d 3d alright
guys well does haven't got a bed and I
will see you guys tomorrow hope you guys
enjoyed the video but time could have
paid I'll see his mom bye oh I was
hoping there was gonna be a bed and
there was awesome
it's coming over the army way
let's kill
where's easy a taxi love you
giddy with y'all trippin
a where Katie
yes with just 15 Harry don't forget to
you
