ready 1 2 3 what day is today it's so
easy what a day for a birthday that's ok
boy
I'm bored with you what are you doing
looking for alligators bar just gonna be
like Lake Placid one just jumps out at
me what are we still waiting still
waiting we still waiting go get her all
right we gotta get Zoey some little
puppy toys puppy treats there we go
birthday cake cookies
we feel we could go around in cake yeah
we go and get gourmet cookies
that's all wait wait wait I got it the
one of the HP it's a cupcake all right
you got those gifts ready yeah that's
not for you dude I'm sad now but come on
man
can I please just have this Marley get
out of there
okay I'm gonna press now what is going
on
you think Akamai where's our lunch oh I
think she's just telling you to go sit
in the back right now
that ain't gonna move look at it I'm
perfectly comfortable you chose the most
a convenient thing in a car ever so hard
just make sure they didn't like hot soup
all over you
hold up
that is so cold feels nice to all man
it's like ice cubes it literally it
feels like ice cubes right now hey hey
what's up and it's always the over there
can you guys guess that Zoe is seven
years old she acts she acts like a 2
year like I still puppy hey you got
something on your face
there it is it's me so eat Miley Charles
yeah no I know why God knew you have no
idea how long that took to do with the
waves coming and then this in this not
wanting to cooperate yeah so it's like
what I did it I did something good I did
it bless you are you go away let's give
a rock Oh try it
slide another one earlier when we first
got in the car so it was still kind of
wet so I made our little cape and Noah
get her we have to get more frickin
lights yeah more lights okay
oh it's great works out great ha ha
shopping carts here honey prepare for
your future life by learning how to
control I just found a CTFxC throwback
of my sister getting a first Easy Bake
Oven oh my god I'll try to get that I'll
try to out for that did you mean getting
easy big stuff Christmas - actually I
used to vlogs when I was a kid I used to
film armadillos when they run my
backyard and I would say lots of nerdy
stupid kid stuff about them you know
it's stupid just like I think I was
stupid you do you hate yourself as a kid
I think I was known as annoying kid okay
next week we'll try to do a CTFxC
throwback with some uh Ally's footage
I'll go over to Lauren a dentist as he
try to get the VHS and we can embarrass
Ali now and embarrass you we've already
embarrassed me twice you get 17 and me
at two or one it was just gonna say it's
a back massage how's that bad
I got a cache in my 15 minute back
massage soon I'm gonna forget about it
I got to prepare to go back to Nando's I
showed it
because we go nandus is in UK right yeah
so I'll see that in like a month oh we
just lost our spot those are killer
looking apparently we didn't have enough
Christmas lights at the under store so
we had to go to this store and get some
more okay well these are just plugs they
don't have them here either
all right we got it yep there we go okay
get Zoey a party hat this is more
festive party hat on yeah sorry I'm
gonna get you oh yeah oh no cheap Oh
party hat broke then yeah let's show
them how to get on the table that's a
really good idea you know why you're up
here for your seventh birthday you know
what you are a ridiculous dude okay you
cannot go on there she's always cupcake
you ready
I I think this is really bad that we
just showed her how to do this all right
Zoey ready yeah mr. Bell yeah I got mr.
bill that's cool Marley's up there now
great awesome
come here come real quick so Charles is
being my sex chef may give me some
burgers well I watched it for you that
is like beyond ridiculous you guys see
what it is welcome Starbucks Starbucks
sure somebody's happy
the elusive rhinoceros you know she's a
rhino
Oh sea unicorn you're right here yeah
but you want to be a rhino ear right up
in the duck sub dog huh 500 right this
is a life goal ready
I am not amused Internet oh my god she
looks so unhappy
no she actually looks like she wants
this say yes sir wait she has five no
five I am not abused we can get one more
okay one more oh look it we're gonna put
you on top of the Christmas tree she's
an actress
don't worry guys there's always a
professional she spent the last seven
years on YouTube
wait
merci psst
with y'all trippin
with trip in early don't forget
