good morning everyone so we were filming
the last section we made a video by the
way I don't think we mentioned do we
ever mention it I don't think we ever
mentioned the fact that we made a video
while we were on the RV trip we did kind
of like this cool little like montage
video anyway that is going to be live on
Thursday we're just shooting the last
scene right now on this channel so we'll
release it to you guys you'll see it
obviously it was actually a lot of fun
when we filmed it the entire trip and we
kept it a secret from you guys just so
we could surprise you now so that'll be
Thursday so mark your calendars or just
get ready for Thursday just that's
tomorrow actually because you're
watching this on Wednesday that means I
got to edit this really fast crap I will
grub then go back to bed I woke you up
to last three weeks every Tuesday we the
Kings has been releasing a new song or I
should say a new remix today we released
yes yes yesterday we released the new
version of scale put a link in the
description you can get it on Spotify
and you can also get in iTunes so either
way go listen to it go streaming on
Spotify I think there's another way you
can do it
just click the link you look good you'll
be able to see what I'm talking about
and we're gonna be releasing a new one
obviously until the first album has been
completely done and then at the end of
that we have a special surprise so lots
of surprises
girliest little wolf howl deepest most
annoying jump in jump get in your pool
just walk around in your pool this is
just a giant water ball it's nice huh
it's nice and warm you know water the
grass much needed to take a tidal wave
No
alright as promised we're gonna watch
some really embarrassing
old-school cringy videos that I've made
over the past decade did you ever watch
my people I mean I've seen I mean I kind
of like I upload them and I don't think
I ever really watch them ever I
definitely haven't watched them in a
very long time so it should be pretty
interesting these are the ones I asked
you guys on Twitter to send me so these
are the ones you guys wanted me to watch
I'm a little afraid I'm a little bit I
mean I'm excited you're not Ben we're
weird over the hair and everything so
what's this jump right into it weirdo in
the air so this one's all hail hitting a
dog this one might not be that bad
this might be weird
this is Marley I feel like I was really
wasted when I watched I did this yeah
it's just Marley
hello Chile barely moves I love this
video now here's my favorite part
that was a good boy they look young she
looks oh and she had a pink no slurping
nose I remember that one because I can
see the evilness man see that one I
remember making because it was one of
the first days I got a green screen and
I was like what can I make I mean that's
pretty cool
yeah I thought it was funny one that was
funny I really I'm worried and I don't
think a person well she is pretty
she's healing she's definitely evil no
this was called a part of a kin Safari
that's all I can say this when I know is
one of the oldest videos I've ever done
this is my fancy wine glasses this is my
old friend Jeff by the way I cook here
this is the hair the hair I know
ignore the hair I think like other
videos we were kind of drunk
I love with Zoe and an orange shirt she
it looks like peanut butter she was she
was like in peanut butter
yeah okay that was cringy remember these
were I was early 20s so I was like 20 21
years old 22 years old okay so you got
to remember that okay I was in my 20s
and I was probably drunk okay it's no
excuse for these videos okay this one
started a trilogy because I didn't
realize how well this one did it like a
couple million views I have no idea why
this was called Barbie sex tape I ready
for this one okay and there's three of
them by the way the production value and
yes I went and bought Barbies for this
oh my god this is so bad never fear
Charles Trippy news
the doll is hilarious oh my god I just
know what's happening next yes I put my
typos and there were three of these in
the set because there's three of them
I'm actually crying now how bad these
are okay first off I have a few
questions okay did you do that buyers oh
why I I don't remember how that came
about that was a very very awkward time
that I had to go to Toys R Us and I
purchased those things with the
intention of playing with them and
making a video you know the saddest
thing is probably the storage unit those
are probably still in the know you have
your doll
the dolls upstairs I don't feel like
this one's embarrassing I'm actually
genuinely proud of this one
this one's called the dr. zomb a brain
surgeon and we had the intention of
making an entire series of doctors on
Bay we have this one which is episode
one and then episode two was a
pediatrician typically the idea is
doctors Ave started as a brain surgeon
gets fired becomes a pediatrician gets
fired and then he was in Princes carb
was actually in that video I like all
this stuff and then she gets he gets
fired as a pediatrician and then he
becomes a dentist he gets fired as a
these are ones that we've never gotten
I'm not actually doing then he was gonna
be a dentist that he gets fired then it
was going to be a plastic surgeon
you fire that it was gonna be a
proctologist he was just basically gonna
go down the light ladder of medical
fields and just get fired you'll see in
this video
I get brain surgery in this video and
this video was made in 2010 so it's kind
of like this weird foreshadowing thing
to so and that makeup was done by some
professional makeup people too
and this was done like what angle this
was actually shot and Florida State
University's film program this is all
like those are all editing Bay's over
there we almost got kicked out of
Florida State University for doing this
go back and look at outside the window
that was where the security guard was
like telling us that we couldn't like
keep filming the video we just kept
doing it anyway
and then if you listen here it's
Goldeneye elevator music and then this
is where Ali's feed she crushed it
that's me with that brain open
foreshadowing her for completely sure
and that little dripping right there he
actually was sweating so much that it
was actually dripping down his face but
and that brain was actually a jello move
so he gets fired again and he just keeps
going down the thing the funniest part
is Zoey Marley ate pretty much all that
gel after that was done she had kind of
proud of them different you saw the
pediatrician one yeah this one is going
to be probably the cringy asjuan and
really you've not seen this one because
I'd Ferrari I don't think I've seen a
lot of these do you remember Chris
Crocker the leave Britney Alone yes so I
made a spoof of Chris Crocker doing the
leave Britney Alone and I did one of
not email because people used to call me
email back in the day this one is going
to be very very awkward very cringy her
so I was making Creek you know thank
Chris she said it was okay
you look like a jackass you clean that
oh my god brutal is that still on line
this one I haven't seen in years but I
know this one did really really really
well this has another Marlee starring in
this video okay so this was called
spoiled already guess who it's about
this is the one where she's first starts
talking my hair I guess for bad hair -
bad hair - bad hair
you feel like friendly ok that's dating
this video Fred who remembers Fred you
could tell I didn't really know what I
was doing with the lighting like good
lighting bad lighting this is what I
used to do by myself that whole drawer
by the way it was full of dog like dog
clothes she's just a good actress
there's so many of these videos where
you could just tell I know exactly what
I was thinking about when I made these
videos yeah
Nats and it's really kind of funny
watching these videos ten years later
it's like all these are like really
dated references
what's the PSAC look okay I don't know
if I really want to watch that one I
don't know how to set it up this is
called PSA cyber love delicious watch it
yeah
quality of this ones be awful are you
okay you know what that was what what's
that website um where you went to random
people
chatroulette that's what this is I think
these are all real people too they were
actually that rude in the comments the
funniest thing too I think is this we
didn't know what we're doing and so
there's like a lot of awkward slow parts
oh my god it's a messenger holy crap
those mustaches got some use those made
it into like vlogs so many skits you
naughty
what do you want Harrigan oh my god Oh
oh my god see that's it that's all was
that was 12 interesting that was very
interesting
this one's called my girlfriend dated
Dracula this was uploaded eight years
ago this was shot I remember hey there's
the bat right there husband Bolger back
in the day my videos my friend Helen
it's so funny he was he was hammered
during this video he was at a party and
I dress literally down the street and I
dragged him out of a party with him and
his girlfriend and told him I told him
to put this Dracula suit on he's like
sure why not
and he did this video he did good a lot
of this was improv I am too
Microsoft dropped three points this was
actually kind of funny how we did this I
don't know how this came up but the way
we came up with this idea half the
videos this was back in the day when
videos weren't scripted or anything like
that and it was always just like go as
you were going like none of this was
like it had no idea what we're doing or
where was going we just started with a
premise I had it back that's how it
worked just had a back and this came out
from that and then that's his girlfriend
right there oh my god that was that was
a weird one this is called pooping a cup
this is also back in the day when you
can only use one source for YouTube
music and that's all there was so every
single youtuber has the same same exact
music and everything okay another
reference Snuggie was building
that's the best part of all this stuff
and like I said half these videos were
us in a situation to where alcohol was
involved just weird seeing my arm not
tattooed Oh Charles where are you it's
like four o'clock in the afternoon man
come on you don't have a job
like strange and weird when you got
locked in the time machine uh the claw
machine wanna see ya the claw machine
which I almost got fired for by the way
probably go through hi can I have like a
hundred or two on that Charles Trippy
channel which is nothing compared to the
CTFxC right difference kiss I think I
have a hundred skin so yeah but you see
these gifts your Mountain come up good
thing I feel like you know at the time
they were good because everyone sucked
at YouTube back then because there was
no standard of YouTube it was just
everyone was doing home movies there are
some even worse ones on here okay so
this one's called fastest man on earth
but I was actually going to go have
dinner with my dad and my mom and my
sister and I was late because I was
driving and I saw one of these you'll
see it I saw one of these things on the
side of the road to tell you how fast
you're going I pulled over the car
immediately and I got this idea and so
this is fastest man alive you're gonna
see me in some short shorts get ready to
see some legs my old car sad things I
saw those shoes I'm wearing I have a
twilight shirt on that had to get off of
ebay the funny thing is there's that
thing I was talking about and there's
all these cars coming the entire time
they were just laughing their ass off
some people pulled over to watch what I
was doing
again this is one of those videos where
I actually thought I was doing something
good like I was like oh this is a great
video I'm very proud of this video like
that's when I learned how to do a lot of
slow motion shots and you can see that I
knew what I was doing by all the really
bad like transitions and stuff like that
oh look at this
okay okay jumped out on the plane okay
do you see that yeah but no just short
see look at that
punch a shark but I did kick a shark so
now this entire to-do list that was on
there Polly needed my to-do list now I
have nothing else to do in life
well that is going to do it for me
reacting some old videos you like the
one you're all really good one as my
wife I appreciate you that way think
about like you and your friends like all
that together and like put these
together I think they're pretty good
sometimes I forget how long I've been
doing YouTube videos and what I have you
guys send me videos and you're like oh
this is the video I found you guys but
somebody I'm not even kidding
send me the cyber love video I was like
this is how I found you and I started
watching your videos and then I found
the CTFxC so that video that really
really dumb awkward video brought you
over to the CTFxC which I thoroughly
appreciate but it's kind of fun you know
Lin Kuei always asked what what day did
you start watching and some people were
saying like I wouldn't watching since
the Charles Trippy Jail for them to find
me on those videos which those videos
I'm not even kidding it's embarrassing
to say we're on the charts in the top
ten on YouTube back in the day oh you
know small YouTube was I will see you
guys tomorrow as always hope you enjoyed
today's video was a little different but
I'm glad we did it and please let me
know any other video maybe we'll do
another reaction video don't forget to
subscribe guys and we will see you
tomorrow can I guess
