so this morning I woke up with a sore
throat and kind of a headache and my
eyes were watering so I figured this
would help me solve their chip cookies
always heal things right c is for cookie
it also is for charlie
which is the same name is Charles which
makes C the coolest letter ever still
working on it it also stands for crumbs
which are still awesome good
name you can see me as not blinding you
I can't really tell sir are you aware
that's not actually a car tractor down
there oh the community is up now who's
going in the grass stupid traffic I
can't see the cool tractor man so I'm
off to my early morning haircut and oh
my god I just hit traffic so here's a
frequent thing that I do and I'm not
sure if this is just me or if other
girls or guys actually do this as well I
decide that I'm going to cut my hair and
I get all ballsy about it and say I'm
gonna do something really drastic and
totally different but I actually don't
end up deciding what I'm going to do
until I sit down in the chair to get my
hair cut like people come with pictures
and they're super prepared no all right
let's get down to business
we have a serious business first
anything my teeth using my teeth good
good YouTube has changed layouts again
here's my personal opinion I kind of
like it however I hate the fact that I
can't manage my subscription box how do
you discover videos there was always the
Browse button at the top of the page
where you can see new videos like
trending videos viral videos now there's
nothing I've been on the site since 2005
I consider myself oh look Angry Birds
somewhat of an expert or professional at
the site you always somebody at least
knows what they're doing right if I
can't figure out how to browse videos I
don't know how the basic you know I'm
just gonna watch a video user is going
to find anything these viral videos have
been able to succeed was the sharing
Network discovery all that stuff and
it's just
a huge bummer that it's not right there
at the top like he used to be now it's
hidden you know complaining doesn't
really do anything however if you guys
look on YouTube at the bottom right-hand
side of the page there's a little button
to say send feedback don't write
feedback saying like oh this sucks I
want the old one actually be
constructive like oh hi squirrel what
else well tell them what you want tell
them that you want the uploads to be the
default tell me you want a browse page
give examples like be very specific and
very polite and maybe we can make a
difference do you guys are having
problems just make sure like I said
yesterday's video make sure you
subscribe to all four of our channels
and then you're checking your
subscription box because that's the only
thing I could suggest right now we are
always gonna be making videos on this
channel so always remember to come back
every single day if you don't see it
just go to youtube.com slash TDP
yourself there will be a video I promise
you there always will be a video that's
all my color for the next five years I
promise I'm gonna show you guys what my
hair looks like I've just been out in
the wind so my hair looks totally crazy
right now but it looks really cute I'll
show you I'll show you
look at that leave it to dentists to be
able to fix this in one fell swoop
so I just got home and I was like
smelling I was like oh something smells
like gasoline like something something
from this thing is leaking and check
this out it's peeling up the paint in
the garage good God all right come on
get the gas out of here oh man I gotta
clean this up somehow oh that's it right
there
fuel line pop right off broke okay it's
a very exciting time okay okay here my
smile every time I touch it no please
stop please done holy guacamole dawg
what does one sorry Zoey has never drew
like she's never been a drooly dog but
she's drooling her she just had a
friggin thing hanging down a foot and a
half off her face you are a little drool
monster show me your teeth yeah does I
feel like being mr. Fixit last couple
days I feel like I'm gonna try to fix
our garage door opener cuz like every
time I click it it doesn't open the
garage I could be right in front of it
it doesn't watch it's probably opening
my garage right now wanna see if they
have one that's like I don't know maybe
Bluetooth friendly because I always have
my phone you don't I mean think that
could be something if that doesn't exist
I swear I'm inventing it don't steal it
don't steal my idea when it first
slowly I'm accepting the home depot
lowes into my life slowly it was never
never inevitable inevitable it was
inevitable guys who slowly it was
inevitable we're just to return like I
got that the first time inevitable all
right
well we do have to replace the deck this
is the fake stuff I think a lot of you
guys were saying that we should use the
fake stuff last longer
all right so we probably need about like
30 or 40 of these or what do we want to
get like this fake stuff does feel like
there's something that's longer it might
look cooler - oh we should build Zoey
Amol a dog house they have a lot of wood
no they really do they have a lot of
wood to be used as new person
get all that is that my car is that my
car panic oh there's my car okay it's
not panicking I just scared the crap out
of that lady do you 31 33 34
I'm trying to see how many planks we
need okay what'd I say 34 crap
one two let's see you in your hair okay
okay all right you want to go outside I
it actually says no animals at the dog
park oh okay well but to need some grass
that's what they're gonna be doing I'm
gonna be trying to avoid stepping in
poop hey there's her first but the stuff
proceed so we were driving home and I
had to take a little detour kinda like
last time because there was another
accident and I'm so happy I did because
this is a perfect example of only in
Florida only in Florida holy crap I've
never seen somebody fake flamingos
I guess these people really like pink
flamingos Gibson okay so what this is is
Gibson he decided to test a few thing
and they know that I'm and we the Kings
and I play guitar my whole life and
stuff like that and they asked it's kind
of a good honor they asked me to
basically be the guinea pig for this so
this is only it's not real food she's
like oh I was just really excited for
that so this guitar is the only one in
existence and that's mine pretty pumped
on it
you can have this get it what's the
smell like I'm not really sure
Oh
whoa what is that you guys saw that
right
oh okay ghost
give me an e Hey
I dare you to do a B okay what the
Internet one of course we call this we
should we need to come up with a name
for the ghost that Tunes my guitar I'll
let you guys decide how many comments
it's the ghost of Gibson yeah
give me my guitar I had to get out of
the house for a little bit that Ghost
was freaking creeping me out
so talented over here
has been burning all day you wanna know
why cuz once that one burns out I'm
gonna get a Christmas anyone literally
burning time
ma you know something funny is that
you're going to buy like a Christmas
tree scented one with another the
Christmas tree really Wow yesterday I
tried the Aloha burger which by the way
was delicious
today Aloha pizza I don't know where you
going okay bye bye
you changed your mind any guesses on
which is my side in which is alley side
ah grilled pizza you know there I think
the reason why I cook so much when I'm
home is every time I'm on tour and gone
or something like that I always have to
you guys saw like on the tour bus I'm
like cooking something in the microwave
or you get fast food or you just are
all-around unhealthy I think it's just
my way of catching up or something it's
also kind of relaxing to look so
delicious oh my god I just had an idea
I wonder if I could get this fly by Ali
but just kidding they got a brick oven
like for pizza le hard at work and she's
got a little foot warmers it's your
birthday tomorrow
are you making cookies yeah sugar so I
can cream it you're supposed to do that
first you just buy a pre-done cookie
well guys it is time to go to bed oh by
the way I don't think I ever showed you
guys this look at this that's where I
dropped you guys off the roof anyway I
will see you guys tomorrow
have a great night
waiter
psst
giddy with child trippy
we're
with Harry don't forget to
