it's your birthday in two days what do
you want well I would like a motorcycle
please oh ho that could have been bad I
hate when the gas station is like switch
it you know like usually like the
diesels over here I almost just put
diesel in my car that would have been
that would have been a nice little
adventure all right 56
all right 55 55 admit it you're pretty
impressed you're pretty impressed
I guess this I'm always going there and
messing around with them giving them the
fake names this I paid for at all it's
pretty tall I definitely don't need this
much coffee is going to be bad did you
guys know this they've done studies that
drinking coffee like coffee regular
intake of coffee reduces the risk of
Alzheimer's and dementia so that means I
won't be crazy when I'm older I guess
that's what I'm telling myself now which
makes me crazy now conundrum
oh boy okay this might be TMI but have
you ever farted in the car when you got
out to go somewhere like just run a
quick errand to go like into the post
office with hopes that when you return
that it may have dissipated but
unfortunately it does not and it smells
TMI too much just I feel like there's
somebody out there that understands me I
bet you there's a whole slew of guys in
the comments admitting to that and a
bunch of you girls girls you're a bunch
of liars don't lie you know you do it
Oh so I told Charles I was gonna go try
to do some Christmas lights while it was
daylight and I can see what I was doing
he's like listen be careful when you're
filming like don't fall off you're gonna
fall off so if I drop it it's
technically yours mmm that's Charles
Illinois boys mmm
day to check this out so far Charles and
I have both broken one bulb yeah they've
both been green I only have to replace
repeal passes we're gonna have to go red
where we were that lines the red
different colors those are sheer dumb
color Reds this is orange hi I'm
colorblind
do you want to explain to them why
you're doing this and that me because
I'm too manly and I do things too
quickly right yes you're perfectionist
I'm meticulous there that's the word
you're it but I wouldn't put you in
charge of the project okay so now you
guys see why I don't do this stuff we're
gonna play Mission Impossible will I be
able to get this before it goes off the
cliff yeah
answers yes I want to just run and jump
in our pool no lights
oh okay Oh we'll be safe don't worry
we're safe don't worry what do you say
Zoe hey well come up here
that would be my butt crack big old
booty saved you guys this is your face
this is both your faces right now get
just focus feel like a giraffe getting
the best fruit at the top what a great
fruit different nope
don't like it too gross the other day I
mentioned I should start this up so I'm
gonna see if it'll work again this is
actually the thing I used to I used to
take this to and from class when I with
the school at USF oh man I love this
thing alright see if I remember out of
this event okay we try to pull it up
cuz there's only one direction alright
is there is there a choke I think it's
on choke
after a class I'd be like all the cute
girls were coming out of class and I'd
be like hold on hold on guys hold on is
to be 5 minutes I'll be over there soon
really is this just your new thing I'm
waiting for the day that Marly like
stretches and rolls right off she's
gonna do it now you like to live
dangerously finishing up some of their
Christmas lights and the mosquitos are
attacking in full force like I was I
could hear the buzzing in my ears
oh you must look like a child will crack
that up there in the roof I'm sure every
one of my neighbors is like what's a
crow lodging on the roof cuz I look like
this
maile there's a crackhead on your roof
there's a crackhead on your roof
alright the goal right now is the truck
we can't lock the door with the door
open
duh Charles is to get a spark plug for
this little a beginner now this is this
is totally foreign to me
okay this is tape that's sandpaper no mm
okay guys I think we might have a
problem my car door won't shut and all
my Christmas lights are off which means
I have to use the grill
I don't know whatever that's worth no
this all works I do it's just that like
we call it a quadrant of the house
doesn't he use the grill Man stuff I
have yeah I'm gonna make a turkey burger
with fresh onions how do you eat peppers
mushrooms and a pineapple slice of
pineapple so that sounds good yeah Aloha
burger oh good come on ha ha ha got it
and I had no help whatsoever from the
employees I'm just kidding they
immediately knew I had no idea what I
was doing
sir are you lost see if this works say
who says I can't do manly man's stuff
granted this isn't a car it's a go ped
but still pretty manly
is that daddy tinkering around in the
garage with that thing I think he's
still trying to get his little au pair
to work the moped that helps him pick up
all the girls at school you're not
picking me up jealous of me picking up
girls I'm with my okay did you know
there was a crack head on your ear
earlier I actually have just decided to
get a haircut tomorrow and I'm
thinking about cutting I might kind of
kind of short actually I usually like to
chop my hair off in the winter and then
let it go out for the summer so I'm
thinking about doing that but I'm just
oh yeah that's gonna be my hairstyle for
sure
I actually just booked a ticket to go
out and see Hannah and daata out in
California which I'm so excited about
because I've wanted to go out and see
their house for so long and I haven't
had the chance to go out there and visit
them I've never been to San Clemente
before so I really want to go and I
can't wait I'm so excited so I'm gonna
go and see those girls pretty soon
hopefully I make it pretty to the
standby gods all right let's try this oh
come on seriously is it whoa it's like a
ghost just gave me some propane Oh
grilled pineapple grilled mushrooms
green peppers jalapenos and onions and
then we're gonna make garlic bread out
of the buns that looks freaking awesome
you're so gross I don't scale one to ten
how badly do you want to punch me right
now no punch you speaking of want to
punch though just let you guys know I
think YouTube may have changed I don't
know if this is what your YouTube looks
like but here's the key thing guys make
sure to click my subscriptions right
here and MIT that way you go over here
to uploads only and then that's how you
make sure all your videos show up and if
you're still not seeing it make sure to
go to all our channels right here on the
screen and make sure you're subscribed
because sometimes with changes things
happen I don't know why but just go to
all these channels right now beliefs are
in the description and make sure you're
subscribed to every one of them and then
do that whole thing and then hopefully
it will work
so if yesterday or today you weren't
getting the videos in your subscription
box that would be my suggestion
going crazy I didn't find anything I
like some dough I don't think I want to
cut it off that that's like that much
hair no I don't think you look cute last
time you did it was late 2009 maybe
early 2010 when that's how long you had
it bring it up
so here unless I might cut my hair and
cry do you remember that back off I just
want to show you what it'll look like
I think totally do it I cut my own hair
we have a lovely lovely bonfire going we
had a slight issue earlier wonderful
hogs actually fell out and sort of
caught fire fire safety kids if my
camera does not pick up well I'm like
glowing red stuff you can't see
committee I want to show the internet
you're crazy like anything okay no Luca
wants to be on camera she's like in
pants do you have a picnic in your mouth
Lukie is just going nuts yeah look out
Luca doesn't just show up she's like
attention
it's like Zoey and Marley but like
Australian Shepherd versions
see what you did
worse yet sexy
with y'all trippin
where is he
with choker theory
over here
