you jammin out the techno Christmas I'm
on hold again with the Apple store
because guess what for the third time I
had this weird frickin spec that just
stays on the thing and when you feel it
it's like a lump kind of just blowing
away now I'm not angry I'm just blown
away they replaced my monitor three
times and a new one has come up every
single time the weirdest thing is it's
not a pixel you can't see a pixel on the
retina displays what's on your foot what
am I looking at it's a dog hair that's
stuck in my foot I thought I said dirty
I thought that I stepped on a piece of
glass goods a dog hair it's stuck in my
foot I can't get it out and it's it
feels like this wait did that happen to
me the other day or a couple weeks ago
snow coming out this happened to me
before
actually I'm pretty sure that's one of
Charles's beard hairs oh they're too in
there Alex getting ready to shoot
another one of her Ali how to's and
we're getting some better lighting we'll
know the circle one has rectangular
feature
why do you fix your Tom saw your feet
that might be it you helped her light it
it might be this one why this one is it
because it's got this weird I know it's
not it's the strings it says just have
her do it we'll have fun with that I go
to the Apple store and fix my computer
my voice just cracked it did didn't it I
think is everything soft now this is the
soft lighting that you wanted to come
sitting there both sides of you there's
like all right I don't
cool tubes cool tubes not if you use all
the other stuff like you know the
tungsten lighting and all that stuff it
just gets so hot
when I was shooting a bunch of videos in
my old apartment I would shut the door
Ali would be doing her homework and
stuff like that she'd come in it'd be a
song I'd be sweating pit stains and
everything be like a sauna okay cuz
since it all these are a little bit more
expensive if you have to look at for
lighting but they do are these in the
LEDs but they they are a lot colder
trust me
let there be light oh you're that you're
properly lit
Oh a little overexposed right now have a
lot to fix that Marley you are super
overexposed
well yesterday we went to the doctor
gotta go to the doctor again - poor
little guy it's gonna get a third head
replacement and like two months yeah
you're not being very helpful you're not
I'm trying to set up the softbox and the
camera in a room that I haven't done
before because we have all these crazy
colors on our walls I'm trying to get
one that looks really good
this green I really like cuz sort of
matches the eyeshadow I'm wearing right
now but I really need help setting
everything up in charles's there uh it's
just so much easier with two people
trying to focus the camera by yourself
is pretty near impossible look at our
pretty tree I haven't eaten anything
tonight can you tell and really fast my
blood sugar is plummeting oh it's so
nice I feel like I have to address this
because I know all the whole windows
verse Apple thing and I know the windows
people are jumping on this I've had so
many computers in the past ten years of
my life that are Mac's
actually I should damp that I've only
had a few I haven't had that get new
ones
this is the first time I've ever had
this problem and it's a problem I've
never seen ever ever with that said I
will say this I am so happy that they
replace it no questions asked every
single time however I am kind of
disappointed with Apple like the iPhone
5 like it's always constantly ting
scuffed and scratch and I'm just putting
in my pocket this happening
miss Steve Jobs Steve come back I can't
believe I did this
you guys wanna hear the dumbest thing
ally was supposed to upload the video
because I'm driving right I put the
video on the hard drive
drives with me got it yeah upload this
thing before I give them to a computer
to the guys at the Apple Store oh god
I'm so stupid sometimes welcome to the
biggest fail on the planet so we just
went and we went to Target because I
needed to grab a couple of things and I
was like oh this is great I'm gonna be
able to film cuz Charles was stuck all
day and I was stuck all day working I
look in my bag
and I don't have my camera with me is
that oh my god are there gloves to tell
me they're gloves
wait I'm sorry look at me really you
don't look crazy at all just a bear
cruising through the store yes that's
it's like the bear coat your face is
like so oh my god what is that I think
I'm here light bulbs lazy card display
are you video bombing no it's in the
wrong section but I'm gonna be a bad
person I'm not put it back I didn't put
it there
oh my god wait I think someone brought
him worthy shark helmets after his
surgery positive shark is like Taylor
Swift but the bear one makes me the
shark I don't know how I feel about that
how do you guys feel about Christmas
music a lot of times I feel like when
they try to put like a new spin on
traditional ones it just makes it kind
of cheesy I mean it also kind of keeps
it like cool for the next generation I
don't know but
I decided to go up on my roof and try
and finish some more Christmas lights hi
Jesse
I don't want to die though I'm really
nervous because yesterday I had my dad's
help but now I don't have my dad's
health and I'm afraid I'm gonna die but
I know I'm gonna go my roof and do
Christmas lights that's when you do it
when it's nighttime oh boy well that was
an adventure they were trying to pawn it
off as a cosmetic issue yes they were
trying to say it was a cosmetic issue
and that they weren't going to replace
it so I finally convinced him to repair
it and actually doing it right now so I
just have to kill a couple hours up here
oh I almost just flipped those freaking
IKEA looking tables I was so angry and
then when I was walking out here to put
the case back you know don't you hate it
when you go to open the door for
somebody and they just don't say thank
you like they just keep walking and you
just kind of smile you open the door you
know oh here you go and they just walk
through like it was your job to open the
door I just make someone to just take
the doing smoker minute you know what I
need to calm down
so I apologize guys I'm just a little
frustrated today I think I need to eat
did I eat yet
am i that might make me feel better
crisis averted oh I see Santa Danny I
see Santa right now I see I see Santa I
decided to leave because they said it
was going to take longer than the
original two hours to just kind of leave
and kind of wrap around big mistake I've
been driving around like as if I'm in
college again trying to find a parking
spot
screw it do you think I might just do
this just gonna leave the car I'm just
gonna leave the car I just leave the car
right here you think I might just do
this it'll be cool I just leave it just
take it I don't care four hours later
victory oh my god oh my god oh my god
I can't believe I just did that wait
they didn't even give it back to me
they stole my nose come here come here
do you smell do you smell actually what
what no actually a wolf you fall is that
in the background I got to rewatch that
clip I got to see him up in the
background
tell me how frustrating your experience
today so he does not like that just like
dad that's on signal that's on safe kids
I begin name I think I've ever heard in
my entire life
so no way you can some one of us Zoe
Nader alas the nice word like oh wait I
can't see where I'm going oh yeah hold
on you need to put these on there we go
now it's
I'm losing my mind I am slowly losing my
mind this needed recording every time I
Drive the golf cart I always feel like a
complete badass when I do like like
pedal to the floor like this just can't
do that in the car can't do that so when
I do it like here I feel like a complete
awesome person even though I'm going
eight miles an hour is there any way I
can make this thing go faster does
anyone know is there a way I could like
SuperSpeed my golf cart I know because
this is my childhood well I know of it I
just never watched it okay here's a
mystery that Charles and I have not
actually figured out yet so we could not
find the dog stones I think maybe like a
week ago we lost as always bone right it
wasn't a week later Zoe comes out with
an extra bone no joke well like and you
know what did you remember this morning
when I told you I had a dream that we
found their bones today I walk out in
this room and I'm like what two bones
it's Marley maybe Marley and always
hiding it you're a dick Marley no you
need to tell people what you said
earlier that made me so mad I can barely
I asked how they got the rights to Susan
Boyles song for that miserable some
miserable movie or whatever it's called
he's talking about the Miserables it's
called the miserable is the sequel to
Expendables right right
it's a piggies are rolling oh no don't
get mad he's trying to get a rise out
and I know it's working
it's the new Pixar movie right the
miserable oh you're being annoying he's
being he's being really annoying you're
being annoying they're not happy with
you right now
I'm gonna go kick his ass don't worry
just wanted to let you guys know in case
you missed yesterday's video on my
channel youtube.com slash Ally there is
a new ask ally video posted there all
about how to take care of your skin and
some of the products that I like to use
so go ahead and check that
if you haven't already be sure to
subscribe to that channel and be sure to
come back next week for another episode
of ask Ali thank you guys see tomorrow
merci psst
with trippy
where's Katie
with trip in early
