alright guys good morning all right so
you ready we got to go to the vet you
ready okay
barley pump her up good job a couple
weeks ago we noticed this like little
blister thing on Zoe and it hasn't
really changed much but we want to go
get a check that you know better safe
than sorry kind of thing so we got to
take her to the vet right now and
Marley's coming for moral support
it's pretty adorable when we separate
them they freak out even more so we have
to always bring them together otherwise
they are just like they're literally
inseparable there's peanut butter and
jelly
we're peanut butter and pickle if you
guys like that more weight I hear a
peanut butter there you're a peanut
butter please take her out you're doing
good so it was good news so go away can
we go now right you're good moral
support
just chill because I love you I can give
you anything
I'm not giving you anything she's
freaking out play with her I wonder
who's gonna find it first
look it's catchy let's get you oh no no
Marley no find it oh that's older I
wasn't trying to lose do this cover
yep that's Nicki Minaj slow down and she
sounds just like jay-z that's that's
pretty good that's pretty similar to
jay-z hey it's a mini Zoey whoa hello
you're very pretty German Shepherd and
you're a spunky little dude oh hi when I
was a benign growth but yeah it was
always fine don't worry guys she's
totally good where's dad where's dad
where'd eagle where's daddy Charles yeah
oh I'm gonna get that I'm gonna get wet
okay now we gotta stop wasting water I
walked around the corner and I was like
wait something smells like Christmas
tree I completely forgot we got a tree
last night all right come smell it oh it
smells pretty good
hey Miley now you can get more confused
and possibly poop this isn't grass and
this is not outside don't get confused I
have what possibly could be the greatest
thing in my life
coconut water and espresso together
sounds like do you work
it does sound gross but I do like Bono
it sounds like the worst thing it
doesn't sound gross it sounds like the
worst how is it pretty good actually
yeah I'm pulling over you're trying this
now yeah you definitely pulled over the
automobile you're trying please just try
it it tastes like Chuck no no no no no
no no it tastes like chocolate milk I
promise no please describe I don't like
either one of these things just try it
please don't just drink it you're such a
baby come on oh come on just drink it
that's actually not bad Oh such a baby
it's actually not it's not even close as
bad as I thought it was gonna be I wish
I have a camera rolling because Charles
just had the drink in his mouth well I
watch him spit oh look there were
Chuck's they were there were chunks I'm
gonna throw up
please just stop thinking about it I
really don't want your throw please I'm
making that noise make everyone in the
audience throw up it's like every time I
like stop thinking about it I stop
thinking about it I could just feel the
lump on my
left beside where the checks you
ingested that okay Ren and Stimpy muddy
mudskipper see those are real cartoons
et phone home way isn't it blue sure
oh the perspective was up let's see here
I get some balls I want some big balls
these are the classic ones right here I
love you
well guys do you want to tell him we
have to get a baby gate we have to get a
baby gate guys did we tricked you did we
trick ya ya Marley's having a issues
distinguishing the fact that the carpet
the green carpet and the tree is it's
not outside it's still inside and she's
like five years old four years old and
she's still she's a huge Butthead give
me back my wife my wife it's only shot
myself in the foot I knew it was gonna
be a bad idea getting in a game of
course I couldn't get her like a game
that would just like be done and like a
couple of like days you get a like
longest frickin game in the world I am
so pumped right now I've been running
every single days twice a day like what
my regimen is always walk the dogs run
and then start my day at it and all that
stuff and then at night I run again and
I finally beat my time it's probably
kind of slow but it's a mile and a half
at ten ten minutes
it's that faster slow it's better it's
my best time I think my best mile was
like eight something it's always so
frustrating when you raw
and then you slightly slower you only
mean like if you just get done you're
like yeah I totally just did it ten
seconds off let me ask you guys what is
the fastest you've ever ran a mile oh
wait I take that back
747 is my fastest mile can you guys beat
that 747 damn here I gotta show you this
I've ran over 400 miles burned 41
thousand calories I think that just
might that might be possible if I ran
for two miles I could possibly eat one
of the Epic Meal Time foods okay so time
to string these up we went with the
traditional lights you know what I need
to get this guy going again it's been a
while
watch the spiders Oh Zoey doesn't like
that oh mighty here by the way no they
need to stick it in the hole slowly okay
okay yeah very good yeah there we go
it's too big I'll meet you up there
it's kind of creepy at night it's gonna
look really nice looks like a bunch of
skittles on our roof I feel like one of
those wildlife documentary people like
I'm supposed to just observe and just
film no matter what happens I get in
there starting to look good see we have
these like little Clippy things hook the
hook everything up and I went and
grabbed one and it just started sliding
down and it felt like like a Mission
Impossible movie I was just like
watching they're like no no no and then
it caught the ladder just like you know
their last minute it's like oh it's it's
survived I don't have to die now
I just realized this is probably a
really freaky lighting setup Thank You
mr. Edison we've got a casualty oh no
Santa won't know where to go well guys
we blew a fuse and we don't have extra
ones so we have to go get more so we
have to quit for today dang it now
everything's all dark and scary looking
I was going down a ladder and I dropped
you guys off the roof of my house please
tell me this is working does the audio
stuck oh my god she is so dinged up over
here I'm just doing so good with this
worse yet
with child tripping
with trip in early don't forget to
anymore
