good morning guys so immature
time to go Zoe today's the day no more
messing around
time to go it's gonna go
I've been delayed for past two days but
you know what it's time to go and you
you want me to keep a beard yeah oh very
good stretch that was a very good
stretch
how's your foot are you a sad puppy
still nope nope I'm good I'm good
casinos it's still black where's your
pink nose this morning to try and see
when it's our turn a transition I think
was when we came back from Europe that's
when it was also the same time when we
switched their dog bowls so I'm
wondering if she like got stressed out
when we left and now it's like some
people really like a gray streak or
something like that it's a little pink
right there I still see it alright you
ready
always making me stand in the tub what's
here we are ready to commence removal
was horrible it's so weird you guys were
saying I should use what's called a
monkey day look what am I like a jackass
do just shades it's a huge chunky you
wooden jackass right judge it's like a
tad early but piercing here touch of
ours we got a judge which side is the
best to work with here this might make a
stronger tale does this run again I
think so yeah alright let's start with
the shading happy face boss let's do
that okay now listen if you
but I'm going to give you a reverse side
burn Wow Wow it's like The Hunger Game
guy so much hair oh you have like a
racing stripe down the side of your face
this should be the new style I think
this should be it it's like a fade but
in your beard
I'll put it back don't don't put it back
oh my god oh my god I will never kiss
you again
you have beard hair on your tooth French
I wanna ruin the beginning of the tail
good to you
these two have again let's do straight
goatee you're like it's this ages you by
about 15 years like it's I know Tina
creepy so what does makes me 40 50
something is so I like what it was like
you that is not Charles like this person
is this does not fit your personality
and no I don't know what it is
what does I don't know you just look
like not Charles hey babe
cover band of Nickelback sorry for
anyone who has a goatee I don't really
mean that
but she's not sorry about the Nickelback
I'm not
work I'm just making it more official
ego achievement this is not helping that
you're thinking things I'm gonna be oh I
think I messed up what messed up already
of what okay I should have went to a
real barber and had a real barber take
it off nobody so freaky though somebody
going like that with a freaking razor
blade they're professional yeah but it's
sleep so like hey think that alone that
if I see the soup strainer strainer Oh
God
Thanks how's it look guys
giggles the awesome what's so funny
thank you it's so funny that we need to
like fill in a little bit cuz you're
it's a little blonde she's the
moustached a little bit to get to work
Hey ladies can get your million can I go
hit on random girls and see if it was
just works be honest ladies would you
give your number to a guy who look like
this oh no I'm gonna kick you off things
you don't usually hear you want it off
and so I always know my name
hey today it is I don't think you should
do that until you know what you look
like oh my god I look like I'm afraid I
got like a computer and I go to Spanish
Tyler
everyone's Hitler no not real
no Chaplin bit at first look look look a
PDA Charlie Chaplin oh gee Charlie
Chaplin awesome I'm shaving it now I
wanted to do less part and I am back to
normal back to normal yeah you go back
you want me to go back yeah Oh
dunt and uh oh my gosh either that's
marley hair or i have white beard here i
go lunch
okay oh my god oh my god you said you
like it away from me now I will punch
you seriously no no you're being really
you're being really you're being really
grass stop please stop please stop
please stop
we're being really gross it's really
really weird please stop that's really
gross chat please stop that's like
really nice please thank you just say
gross
what do that that looks like a toaster
strudel that looks just like a toaster
strudel
can I can I have that please buzz off B
this is Raven this is the second time a
bee has come after us they like to you
wanna oh boy
it's starting and you guys wonder why
Fred was successful that stuff
alright you're pretty good at the little
tumbles whoa
trees don't touch it and it's happy
you're so happy what you should just
look at these and pick one by the stump
you like yeah oh it feels weird that
it's already been a year I I know it's
weird I can't even believe it it's like
we just Charlie actually just asked me
if we had a Christmas tree last year and
I was like I'm yes oh it is a heart you
guys look alright pick a good one I want
this one you want a really big one
Wow Wow that's the tiny one we're having
me the gentleman move all the trees out
of the way
so we can no no you got to pull that one
out so we got to get that one it's like
it's like Tetris
tree Tetris are there I think we may
have found what what is the nest in here
no way really no there's not oh there
totally is
there's a mess oh there's a nest in our
tree it's gonna politely put that in
there I should have kept my beard for a
couple more hours oh my god it's so
beautiful what do you think I should
have come in plaid and a beard a
lumberjack Charles bump bump bump bump
all right tell me how it is up there
whoo whoo I see you but I can't pass it
down Danny good okay nice aliased
perfectionist making sure everything is
totally centered this is what I look
like in my mom's stomach this is
Charles's ultrasound I can't believe I
almost at Ultra Graham okay so this is a
little unorthodox I'm actually talking
to you from the future for have to do
this yesterday but the tickets for the
hometown show December 27th in Palmetto
Florida are available now here's the
kicker they are free so if you're going
to be in the Florida area the links down
there in the description go grab your
tickets I hope to see a lot of you see
gfx ears they're coming rocking out and
having fun
moving future all right let you guys
know all right but if you're out from
Florida we'll see you guys soon because
we'll be touring all next year so good
guys
wait
worse yet sexy
with y'all trippin
see
with European Ally don't forget
