what do you want what do you want you do
oh oh we went to the coffee store and
they gave you this oh that what you want
okay
oh here you go I think you guys were
addicted well if you watched yesterday's
video you would open went the wrong way
I'm with the wrong way oh my god I'm
sorry guys yesterday Allie bet me that I
couldn't go an extra day with my frickin
grizzly beard and guess what I did so
you know what I did I treated myself to
a coffee as a reward and now that's
December 2nd I'm like you know what I
might as well not even shave this thing
I might as well just kind of keep it
it's kind of I've already gone this far
right no I'm definitely gonna i'm yeah i
know i'm gonna shave this thing i'm
gonna shave this thing All Right girls
ready for this it's time to shave you
ready right no wait okay right time to
do this
I can't do it I can't do it not yeah I
can't do it tomorrow cuz I do tomorrow
one more day yeah what is it you know
what I'll just do this I'll trim my
mustache I'll just trim the mustache and
then then let me know the comments if I
should keep it once I just trim it up a
bit
oh my god hair is going everywhere what
do you think now that what most - is it
like this should I keep it should I keep
the beard
what do you think well for those of you
who have been following me on Instagram
have noticed that I have gotten pretty
reassessed with posting a bunch of more
photos on there actually if you aren't
already following me on instagram it's
just instagram.com sauce Charles Trippy
I know super cryptic so make sure to
follow me on there so you can see my
photos - some cheesy filters I thought
I'd come out this is probably the last
time I get to actually come out here in
a tank top before it's just getting
really cold and just check out the
sunset
it looks awesome that is freaking
gorgeous
go make your friends oh hi
hey what's going on you filming this
it's going on YouTube strong with your
butt dude it's quit sniffing butts and
look at that that's freakin awesome I'll
be right back I'm gonna go I'm gonna go
poop somewhere what are you looking at
goodbye day whoo that was perfect timing
we just get up look at just Zoey's her
head is right up that dog's butt as it's
perfect Hey look all introspective nice
I just wanted to come out and just kind
of kind of relax clear my head I used to
do this a lot actually when I was
younger like whenever I would ever get
stressed out it's been kind of like
stressful monthly but I used to always
come out and just chill on the beach
it's actually where I got a lot of my
ideas for the Charles Trippy channel for
skits and stuff a planner somebody
seriously ripping ass but I would always
come out and just kind of chill and just
like clear my head cuz the thing about
me is I have a really hard time like I
have a hard time relaxing if that makes
any sense you know like my mind is
always constantly going I know a lot of
people like I get it for my dad because
he's the same way he's I guess you can
call it spaz like you don't a name like
I'm just a complete spaz and I have a
hard time kind of just turning off you
only mean like okay think about this
like when you go to bed are you guys
able to just like fall asleep instantly
or do you have to kind of like okay
brain shut off brain shut off brain
you're still want to shut off brain
that's kind of how I am it's just I have
a hard time just relaxing and I think
that's what I need to start doing just
because I think you know like up
somebody check it out somebody let one
of those Chinese lanterns whoa a bunch
of Chinese lanterns wow that's cool
I've never seen that many yeah you know
what I mean just kind of clear your head
and kind of stuff like that actually if
you guys are like the same way that I am
where you just can't shut your brain off
how do you kind of relax like what are
some of the things that you guys do to
kind of relax hey what are you guys
doing over there over there
you sniff enough butts yet that freaking
curly tail you can see a way over here
what you do do you hurt your paw
oh well you got something I've fought
okay hold on oh good what's in your foot
wait hold on my like it's just that's
one of those little uh oh geez I don't
want to just pull it out see this is why
you don't go where I tell you not to go
now I get four of them you're okay hold
on is it all gone oh poor huggy now you
know listen no I said don't go in the
bushes so you look sad oh okay got it
it's all gone why don't you wanna go for
a run now I think it's all out now it's
all out it should be all out you can put
it down okay I wanna try to walk you can
put it down dude come on mom are there
we go there we go somebody's happy are
you a sad puppy are you a sad puppy now
use that puppy tears when I go home
Zoe you go in there
no-no-no
what anyway I kind of feel like I should
apologize today it was pretty like a
kind of a slow day but a lot of you guys
have been always telling me to just take
a like you know take a break take some
time to relax and stuff I don't want to
not film because you know we've been
doing this for 312 was this epic 312
days straight but it was really nice to
kind of just you know relax and just
kind of chill for a little bit and I
know you guys understand cuz like I said
you've been telling me to do this for a
while so these are very smart people
very smart I appreciate it
what's that feel like slender bands
around me
we cool licking it's so dramatic looking
jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump
jump I see why you like this what's
wrong you afraid of the Thunder yeah
you've heard of the Thunder girl sing a
song sing a song
is a classic
od board okay okay she's fine she's oh
you in the way here
every time
it's coming our way
yes
giddy with child tripping
to everything
don't forget so anymore
