all right let's start the day and go
home go home
oh yeah
right all they have plates well Scott
here I'm here don't know where anyone
else is wagers on who's getting home
today I know Scott is and I know I will
be nice for gone home no seat belt it's
gonna take for it it's way too early
there olanta I lose my voice
I feel feel so bad right now
this is what happens we decided to stay
up the whole time so oh by the way we're
missing hunter he didn't wake up Gillian
if you guys want to go pick him up go
for it it's good luck every single time
I come home got to do it he's been
coming home around the corner it's Ted I
wish you guys can see the perspective I
love this escalator Lois that's
whatever's going on I know I said every
time but really truly there's no
perspective I could show you
we have turtle walking by maybe that
would be the best way you never really
got someone bad thing about the shows
when he does like one day shows it's
really fun and he gets to go and like
visit you guys and do fun stuff but it's
really tiring
hello fences your guar wanna see
something awesome that I did yesterday
do I want to see it yeah it's not a
trick
it's just me being stupid yeah so do you
notice anything on my forehead that
looks a little shame
what you do I be burned by some of the
curling iron really badly so I burned my
head right here are you gonna do a
how-to video I'll do a how-to video on
how to burn your head oven I was getting
ready so fast and I touched it to my
head for a second and it it singed my
skin it's horrible my skin is peeling
it's already feeling I got like
third-degree burns for such a turkey
exactly I'm dr. Taylor this is why I
need to shave this thing today when I'll
get food stuck in it hi can I help you
can I help you
you're kind of crushing my stomach and
help Oh bless your heart
I think it's clean and tender all day
yesterday and I was sad because it just
beat the water temple
I'm freaking obsessed with this game
played ocarina of time like 15,000 times
but by the way do you say ocarina
ocarina I'd say ocarina I don't I don't
know why so happy Charles is home it's
gonna be like a nice relaxing day right
so yesterday was stressful ah I got to
take a shower I didn't get this okay
sound gross I know you didn't want to
stand what are you bored you bored
already
I've been home for like an hour and
you're bored come on
twerp what I'm gonna let you guys in on
a what look hold on I think they know
not to come on this side of the pond
they're just taunting Zoe and Marley now
what was I saying oh yes I'm gonna let
you guys in on a little secret I can
take a shower and I got on the plane and
I think I insulted the lady next to me
because I was so well you saw me it was
either get an extra half hour of sleep
or take a shower and be a human I chose
the sleep Ally's making the thumbnail
from yesterday's vlog and I decided to
come out and relax for a little bit
because I have to ponder and I have to
just reminisce of this past month and
the beard is it's December 1st and that
means I have to shade it you know I've
kind of grown attached you know yeah
I'll shave I'll shave it all right I'll
shave it okay so I have a bet that I
proposed to Charles today I forgot to
film this earlier but this is what's
going on right now
Charles is miserable his face is so
itchy his beard it's bothering him so
badly but I told him that if you could
keep it for one extra day what ATD a TV
camera that I would allow him to get as
much coffee as he wants for the rest of
the year no questions asked he can
literally stop me anytime he wants and
tell me to get coffee any any coffee
I'll get it for him any time any time he
wants it that's the bet is that if you
can just go one extra day I think you're
gonna break
we've still got it ladies gentlemen
they're 5 with 5 hours left in the day
and then tomorrow I feel like cheating
is like no Shave November plus December
1st I'm just trying to make you get
tortured next today go go go go go don't
come back
look over here sorry hop hop hop hop hop
hop hop bunny hop there's a law street
whoever finds it to you would be the
victor we're gonna search
a giant hello family dinner hello
I think we've scared away the table that
was sitting across from ask about 20
people here we just come here a lot high
school we're having like family you said
we had well that was a fail I laid down
on the couch and I completely missed
dinner I was supposed to go out with
everyone to dinner but I fell asleep but
I'm looking on the bright side because I
still have the beard the only thing is
like when I'm in public I'm always
constantly doing this like scratching I
think people think I have lice in my
beard I have a raccoon just chilling in
my beard
dance-off
what yeah you know just we decided to
put this stuff on just to kind of show
off so I just wanted to actually I'm
sorry they wanted to remind you guys
that today's the last day the last day
to pre-order the dog hoodies as well as
the human hoodies you know they wanted
to get in the hoodies and really good we
should rewind them and stuff like that
what I know that's what I just told them
she wanted to remind you guys that
they're for cats too and other small
animals yeah that's right
that's exactly right yet they're
available in human form as well I forgot
about that
thank you Marley oh no they don't give
you superpowers okay
well you heard the bitches
in style no exceptions no children were
assaulted in this video so forgive
hotties kind of children for sure she's
gonna choose crater for children all
right guys we'll see you tomorrow
damn it video I still have this really
horrible burn on my forehead all right
guys thanks for watching today's video
we love you be sure subscribe if you
haven't already see you tomorrow
yes
with y'all trippin
Cinthia
to be an ally don't forget so anymore
