morning
should I be driving how's my zombie like
Oh busted
oh my god here we go again love you ha
love you I mean be saved
oh you just wipe my kiss off no yeah
nice cover didn't shirt hmm wipe your
whole face so it doesn't seem like you
wiped out doing kiss alright I guess
it's so early
Ted's barely swimming I'm just gonna
hang out right here what's going on good
to see you
sup buddy being lazy and enjoying the
beautiful day right now I just got to
Atlanta
it's just hunter and I ran out cuz
Danny's in California with Travis for a
little bit so and Coley's already up
north gotta get on a plane train I had
so much time to kill on this leg over so
I just went over to the International
Terminal this it's so much nicer
although a is my jam the a terminal in
Atlanta is probably the best terminal
except
he's pretty cool too it's kind of sad
when you know the best terminals and
airports or think a superpower
I know mommy's been editing CGI epic
cinema all day and so he is bored I'm
gonna go run around let's go around
outside for a little bit yeah it looks
good outside track a train
let's go go run around get in trouble
look I'm out here and Marley's probably
gonna run off and chase some bird Marley
God you just always have to freaking
take off we really need to fix this deck
actually that's something that I've been
needing to ask people we were gonna redo
our deck and use like a like a synthetic
material but I don't know if it's good
or not I've heard good and bad things
about it so I don't know if we should
redo it with real wood or if we should
use synthetic wood if you guys know
anything about that stuff please let us
know in the comments below because I
have no freaking clue and you guys
always know like everything since the
girls are so good they got bombs but you
eight years already how is it mark looks
pretty good well look who we got back
he's back
just can't get rid of you check it out
new rock you have no facial hair and I I
stole all of it oh you did I got tired
oh beanie boos repairing an entire month
for this one show look at this nice
little blue you can see kind of those
snow flurries you see them right in
front of the lens
so they thought it was appropriate to
put emergency eggs right on the door it
is cold I've been telling everybody
growing it not being with the Silencio
27 years help me baby smooth so yeah we
just got to the place and there's all
these snow flurries are getting a little
bit more magnificent a little sandwich
you got there how about the sandwich and
they gave us pickles today that's not
good intend a Starbucks but got some
coffee it'll do are you seriously trying
to eat your own tail I don't think
you've ever done that before
oh we're going to my friend's partay
look at me Mom think so parity you like
the snazzy dad like your soup
okay time to go oh my gosh I'm like
freaking out I'm late and I keeping late
in fact Travis's phone it's gonna do
again yeah I just once I get out
keep sending them text messages it
happens all the time to the pressures on
good god this gym is huge continuing the
tradition every college having a game of
horse and around the world at the court
the big volunteer
they didn't volunteer they said it's
like get off my court you pretty much
have one Ally and I may be one one trap
is he won one you won one foul
well the soundcheck is going on I get an
asterisk technically one I technically
won that boat like by half court the Man
of Steel this year literally pulled it
apart
strength actually
try to look like
Culley you thought about never taking
voice lessons sorry
so we were just practicing a new song I
can't I can't that's why there's no
audio I'm not allowed to let you guys
hear yet this makes any sense
you guys probably figure it out it's top
secret : k secret stuff what do we start
recording in the studio I might let you
guys hear a little bit for right now
this is all you get that's right it's
all brand new shawl paper this is just
look at it and this makes sound could
you read that if I showed it to you no
guys got some crazy
yeah it doesn't well if you guys can
figure this out that's the new song
remember what I was saying I was going
through a bunch of VHS my mom found
Danny as Danny that's my that's our
first show is funny looking kid that was
before broken image desoto We The Kings
everything crazy how Danny hasn't gotten
any better
there's Danny right there and that's me
over there it's not about me he's
talking about insane I'll do is I'll
upload this off yeah that's me 2001 11
years yeah I know
that's a PB that's a BB I'll upload this
as a bonus video as a throwback so links
down there in description or you can
click right here you can go check that
out
it's right here down there down here
it's this right here it's gonna be where
the cake it's not on my leg
how do you know by the way where did
place it's always in the bottom years
are really good at pointing drew down at
the bottom always down in the bottom
unless you switch and it's this side now
yo she just told me it was snowing I had
to come out here this is awesome
first over-the-air no probably here one
of those
so cool I haven't seen snow in a year so
it's so funny always excited when I
first see snow and I get so annoyed with
it all covered in it I love snow
so it's happy it's like a happy thing
big hands on the ten really out there
now it's not like a kindergarten thing
but it works
all right so where's the wounds you have
any wounds good you have any wounds yes
whiskey haven't played a show let's
clean them out everything's all right
we're Blood Brothers apparently let's
clean them go Yoshii your back miss you
man hi Charles
here's to you look oh you evil
scientist's with those crazy things
call it what just happened the iPhone
that is his phone right there all right
guys well just got into the hotel room
is this so awesome I love snow it's just
so peaceful I will see you guys tomorrow
have a great night don't forget to check
out the bonus video of penny and my
first show ever
it's pretty funny we probably do the
same exact thing so that's a bonus video
links down there in the description you
can check it out but for now I'm going
to pass out because I have to wake up in
two and a half hours cuz I guess I wish
I could just fall asleep in it quick
wait
were safely at sexy
with y'all trippin
- it would be an early
Farley
