so I just went to our mailbox and I saw
this package addressed Ali did you order
something that I see a package says Ali
trippy and it's from ThinkGeek what is
it can I open it you guys it's totally a
wizard standoff Oh nope nope nope nope
going west backing out yo babe try to
get hold babes trying to be a bad over
here you don't got a black my way why
you gotta be like that man I'm just
walking home from work got get about
when that stressful duck dad got a wife
at home I got three little baby
dinosaurs what you gonna do about that
oh oh you wanna fight now all you
pinning me all you're breaking my neck
holy crap oh my god they're like hurting
each other
what seriously did Ali forget to charge
this thing okay stuck
nope just hit it with my bill lick so I
got some good news guys you guys wanna
hear the good news
we the Kings will be back on tour we're
going to the UK and we are going back to
Europe no you're not you're not hearing
things no I actually said that smells
like corn dogs back here the
screenshot if you want or you just go to
leave the kik website or Facebook or
something okay then we're Germany France
Belgium Netherlands back to Switzerland
Italy Barcelona Madrid and Portugal I am
especially especially excited because a
lot of these dates were on the first leg
of the European tour that I missed
because of the brain surgery
now I actually got to go back with Ally
and just vacation and meet a lot of you
guys but now I get to go back and play a
show and meet a lot of you guys so I'm
really really pumped so those are the
European UK dates we'll be doing a
States tour very very soon with the new
album coming out which I got to go fly
out to California very soon a lot of
exciting things are happening at the end
of the year like this take care of the
pool today can even hear me I'm trying
to block the wind it's super windy back
flush every room is growing how
beautiful so if you haven't got a CTFxC
or another coat Ellison's shirt or the
hoodies by the way are the hoodies you
haven't gotten the hoodies yet and
especially the dog hoodies get them now
we only have a couple more days and if
they're gone they're gone they make an
excellent gift
wink wink no but seriously happy shows I
want to see all you guys wearing your
CTFxC gear and holding giant signs that
say CTFxC we the King Army it pumps us
up it pumps us up my mom just came by
and dropped some more stuff off and I
just have to show you guys this old
Nintendo the gamepad what else is in
here
Zelda Ocarina of Time wow that's this is
older than you that's older than you
that's a gamepad that's a Power Pad you
run on it serious drunk gaming stuff
right here I might find more
this major Nintendo 64 Nintendo 68 and
remember this 4 megabits of graphic
expansion laser challenge do you
remember that does anyone up at you you
know what color do I got a haircut
yesterday it's your turn come on it's
not a nail clipper I promise
come on there we go
okay we're gonna see how much hair we
can get off okay oh my gosh it's gonna
be a lot you'll be next
oh I think you're gonna like lose about
30 pounds when all this hair is off it's
like shut up keep sketching what are we
doing with these can't smash them as I
love you so much right now okay
before we do that I'm gonna see about
breaking these in super slow motion
oh you got your bat gonna destroy some
pumpkins you guys wanna play catcher
wanna play catcher hey guys look at me
I'm so frickin cute
you ready hit our neighbors which
pumpkin we got a lot of them Justin
which one are you gonna do we got big
pumpkin
we got tiny ones this one's like a
baseball as hard as hell so that you see
your swing oh that your swing yeah swing
it like you mean it
come on you want the ugly one it's like
all right I'm gonna play outfield I
would be king griffey jr. you ready okay
we got this feels like when we try to
launch some little rockets nobody say 1
2 3 otherwise she's gonna freak out
you got the zombie head meeting pumpkins
I think you're gonna have random
pumpkins growing in your backyard now
all the seeds everywhere cleanup crew
walk in the grass is gonna help you
are you eating pumpkins now this is
pretty good oh no Jesus I'm not in a
good spot it oh my god and what your
pieces went around both sides of them
yeah we already figured that out the
hard way right you did you just stepped
it in again
Zoe Zoe is the streaking person on the
ball flurry up I'm gonna tase you
come on tasing for interference on the
field there we go I got seeds guts seeds
dead pumpkin pie low square I wish is
that squash squashed oh Jesus okay it's
on one side out
Shh don't tell anyone Zoe don't tell
anyone
it's the worst part about having fun
cleaning up Luke
all of those birthday cards are gonna be
dead one of the people not gonna work is
there a birthday card that's not like
disgustingly sappy here it's like I
wonder if the writers someone said
something funny like just sit down and
write the exact opposite of what you're
feeling these are so corny open your
soul to a beautiful you what let me
summon oh my god oh my god
close your eyes I ever present for you
open your like oh we're so in love turn
around I'm gonna kill them all
it's like all by himself okay okay open
them okay this is the last thing that I
got yep you don't because the trees are
way more important than that Christmas
or telephone line you looking all pretty
getting all ready know so I'm gonna go
to bed guys I have to get up I have to
like a 6:00 a.m. flight but before I do
tomorrow is officially the last day of
the shaggy beard right yeah I don't want
to just shave it off I don't want to
just completely shave it off so I'm
gonna give you guys the option should I
do
a mustache half beard or some other
crazy like lightning bolt like big giant
sideburns or something like that what do
you think just keep a mustache shave
just the mustache and just have the
beard yeah the gamma she's kind of beard
in the comments tell me what you guys
want me to do and I will do that
December first if you guys see one that
you like thumb it up inverted beard
mustache half beard lightning bolts I
don't know you guys decide the fate of
my beard there you the boys all hope you
totally can help you the shops get it
gets asleep because it's going to be an
early flight so alright bye guys hope
you guys enjoyed the video see you later
wait
worse yet
it's all tripping
with European alley don't forget
