yeah yeah those are bubbles one day dog
you'll figure out the whole bubble thing
Marley's just like yeah dude they're
just bubbles what is wrong with your
hair you could find stop licking your
foot it's not taking away my hair back
you know what too pushy back headband
stretchy thingy and it's really doing
great thanks for that that looks like
the throwback you could be the throwback
right there in 1985 no way your momma
saying she was like yeah I'm Cameron
which is exactly what my sister does all
the time the regional bloggers I want to
show you guys something there's like two
days left for no-shave November and I
just want to show you what I've been
dealing with okay this is an extreme
example of what happens when I drink
something okay okay you think it's gone
right it's dripping
it's just stored in why you'll never go
hungry in the winter watch this let's
say I drink something
Oh doing something oh it's done right
look how soaking wet that is Oh watch
this just it's just stored in there
you're cursing me out I mean yes no I'll
say you're dripping all over the floor
let me gerald your job
what are you doing Nicki Minaj's over
here no I'm just trying to place them to
see where any isn't them they always
fake no no no I was the first time you
know yeah I don't know I'm just I'm
gonna wear these for Hannah's mom's
party and I've never done it before so I
want to practice with them every day
don't mess that here put him on me your
life is already beautiful yeah I want to
have 14-inch ones you don't need any
help
is that real clear I don't believe that
be really gross
i lash ill I don't want to know about
that Zoe wouldn't it be gross women are
weird no we don't do that oh sorry about
that
so how it are we now rally well yeah
yeah when's my abuela
then what better
always
so I got to get a haircut surprise we're
late oh by the way this is broken the
book
just broke
let's got paws of Steel anyway haircut
what do you guys think Ali says I should
get I shouldn't get really a haircut I
should get it trimmed maybe keep the
length you kind of like a little longer
but when I spike it up it just looks
like a freaking Albert Einstein my hero
up here before you have beard cut zoom
in on that mustache it's like so
ridiculous all up and don't and I didn't
think that that was the reason why he
wasn't shaving in two days I should
shave my beard to what my dad had at
this age down here Owen I want to find
out what do you look like at age 28 and
I'm gonna shave it the same way and then
then do a comparison looks just like his
dad it's pretty it's pretty crazy
you guys saw that though when they hit
when I put the Luigi mustache on and
they look exactly that is not okay it's
like you're like a little dung beetle
you're a hair beetle it looks like it I
just don't get what his eyeballs on it I
guess it was cuz she did a lot of short
test we'll go and get the little pink
little fluffy nose and a tail for that
goes thanks from the eighties yes
lieutenant
yeah with the legs with the feet and a
little no it was like a little guy that
was like this yeah that would be want to
touch it huh no I cut you mean enough
right here just disgusting you know you
go one hairy ball we can make another
one look there's no comment
our hairball and a little in a doggie
bag and a package and after good guys
like it what do you think you guys think
you like it I like it shorter in the
side intolerant top 1/10 scale what do
you guys think one to ten scale it crank
it up to 11
it's been so long I can't remember when
we did it was we were still living in
Tallahassee when we buy one game they
give you a gift card to Toys R Us we've
had this gift card I've taken well
basically I had to take a photo of it
because I never remember it and I want
to see if they'll take it but I don't
even know what to get it Toys R Us get
satins create or something I don't get
some toys maybe yeah Easy Bake Oven Oh
from the lightbulb my sister her sister
had that and I had creepy crawly they
have a corndog maker now by the way
sure you don't want Angry Birds I'm
pretty sure angry we're just taking over
the freaking world pretty hip hop dance
Connect training you guys should do
drunk jeopardy or hip hop dance drunk
hip hop dancing drunk pictionary what
Metal Gear Solid HD fun
huh good god I almost punched like 15
moms and dads everybody in that store I
remember now why don't go to that store
it's just everyone's evil in their super
online I'm like do you know how the
world works everything is cheaper online
there's no overhead so we got Assassin's
Creed 3 that's a positive
so when I try to feel like three or four
bodies in there Ali's favorite saying in
the world
so since Tour season is about to kick up
by the way there's new tour dates for UK
and Europe actually we're going back in
January in February for I think a month
you can check out the tour dates on the
way they came website but I gotta get
some new black pants Ellie says it looks
like I put myself
no no listen I can't do this with one
fingers one thing one fingers I can't do
this
marli we have to be quiet so Ali's she I
have taken away Zoey I'm sorry you chomp
into hard getting ready to shoot your
ass Callie yeah this is such a crazy
setup I think I have to reevaluate this
so Ali's new series is called ask Allie
or you can ask her how to do makeup
clothing cooking how did you how to do
clothing company really want to call it
like a how-to because I'm also gonna
show you guys just like crafty stuff
which I guess I gotta stop here now
because look at this I just she's like
can you can you just film so I can have
this now please all right yeah
everything okay come on I'll take you
out here come on it's a rare human plant
that was so funny to see it look like
the plant had legs the kid was laying
down on a bench he's like all sprawled
out
I eat this almost as much as an air
almost as much as camara yeah it's for
charity it's charity for the kid oh yeah
it's for the kids for the children that
I'm eating this charity gingerbread
chimichanga I'm gonna eat it yeah so in
case you aren't sure what I just put
inside my mouse hole it was a
chimichanga that was filled with
uncooked gingerbread cookie dough and
frosted with sprinkles don't laugh you
had me at frosted cheer installed oh hey
guys Charles sleeping in the other room
I just wanted to remind you guys that
you have only a few days left to snag
one of our hoodies because I'm not
actually sure how long they're gonna be
on the website they sell out pretty fast
and you know we just wanna make sure but
it gets on time for the holidays or
whatever so definitely make sure to go
to CTFxC Marsh comm and grab one of
those hoodies we've got dog hoodies
which actually they're small enough to
fit on cats a couple people bought them
for their rabbits we have a nearly
designed ikt hoodie they're actually
available in pink now as well as black
also I did a red lipstick tutorial at
the request of you guys on my channel so
go ahead and check that out there's
gonna be a link over it over here in the
description somewhere Charles put that
somewhere that makes sense
I did see how go grab your hoodies and
go watch that new tutorial that I have
on my channel thank you guys so much for
watching love you good night
see what you did a it's coming up an
army wait
yes
giddy with child tripping
with trippy
