my head's eclipse I'm eclipsing your
head now good morning guys today is the
day of the solar eclipse the total solar
eclipse again I'm sure you guys know
exactly we'll talk about here's the
problem I want to see this thing but I
did not get some sort of glasses we saw
them on the RV trip but we do not put
two together so I have to make one of
those like temporary box ones so I'm
just going to get that done now I don't
know if you guys were able to do this
seems pretty
from pages
Ali and I are taking extra precautions
to make sure no light gets through my
super solar eclipse box and Ali's super
duper solar eclipse she went with white
I decided to go with a little bit of red
and aluminum make it more plain mind
works dream now I put lightning bolts on
my you can't see it get a look at the
Sun goofball extreme the most extreme
solar eclipse rocks a lie
I showed I'd the other way but I wasn't
thinking I wonder if I could do this
with the camera or if it's going to
destroy it I actually don't really care
at this point you guys enjoying the
extra heat today just don't look up
don't look up actually think it's
starting here yep just a little bit you
can barely see it at the bottom but it's
starting now you can definitely not see
you here we came to Tom and Kate house
because they have a little bit less
trees than we do it is like 1/8 of the
way now haven't you can't really tell my
god I need a better camera we're trying
to figure out a way to we're not sure
we're even going to be able to submit
but we try we're gonna try and be one of
these billion people out there that are
trying to film this right now we're
going to make another box for Tom and
Kaitlyn but they came out and they work
and it's actually already happy you blue
almost be Tom's little filters are going
to work ones that'll work for you don't
hold it you try all through you what you
use on your go well I thought you
actually put it on your own I don't
think you can help I don't know how you
would angle it up yeah that filter
doesn't seem to want to be working
damn you still can't tell right now it's
actually kind of you guys can't tell but
it's almost halfway on why it's not
showing up can you see it yet
looks like mr. Peck man yeah I thought
your box is upside-down wait do that
here you go that's right that up
looks pretty cool yeah really guys I
mean even do then the actual maybe we
could see it through here there you can
kind of see it's covering up still kind
of hard for kind of sucks right after
this thing this is insane no no it's
still so cool though so we're good to
see this kept pass amassed no no I think
it's awesome but I was every stillness
full of it is your extreme viewer
working this is a super EXTREME will
counter cod there's a like super EXTREME
it's like a 50% no really it's only got
30% more in Florida because of the 81%
we should have stayed where we were at a
couple more days a week later just move
it closer we're not going to get the
full one but we are noticing is it a
little darker to you thank you
interesting not charter but it's nice
right
yeah dimmer I think somebody took a
dimmer switch literally it seems I can
adjust the dimmer switch oh yeah I like
I think it's because it's known I think
it's because it's so close to their eye
I think I'm not like I mean you can try
it today would you want to test it out
guide rain to the pool my head's eclipse
all right I mean clips in your head now
well you're not even looking at it can
you yeah okay let's not even clever can
you even look through it what those
right now I know I keep saying I wish
that we were in Wyoming him is a Montana
that was the better one not sure I don't
know
like holy on Yellowstone borders one to
nine land so yellow similar than the
best no soreness for Steve now - Oh
doesn't it for we should stand out over
there's still many airplane going rate I
wish I had a better camera show you
these airplanes are going right in front
of the Eclipse and it's like the Eclipse
and an airplane and clipping Eclipse
really cool and it is a jet right out
there - there you go
I'm using this filter that was hopefully
going to work it's actually kind of cool
like looking know but looking at you
it's kind of cool it's like this like
vignette the glasses I think we would
have seen anything with the glasses I
see it you get seeing out oh it's just
covered total eclipse
I'll be such an idiot how many people
have made that dumb joke yeah I want to
be a part of that group I'm basic you
can still see like halfway from of those
four I'm amazing at seeing through fog
yeah hey my my amazing box my box making
skills so we'll just save these boxes
for another hundred years yeah no big
deal you know 130 140 years old
130 years old four years old hundred 40
well unfortunately could not see I
always just looked up like a complete
idiot it is so going on
it's like going away you know I didn't
know because it's now it's on the other
side is totally leaving you know what
should do is I should cut there like
NASA footage or something like that Q
NASA footage now
get in the box
this your new box I'll give it here it's
not that it was been a little bit more
extreme than what it was on our end
just because we're seeing all of our
friends doin up north and in different
areas where they really got to
experience the Eclipse we got to see it
but it didn't we didn't get to see like
clothing which was pretty fucked out I
want to go to some Starbucks
could you come jail cool thing is that
we've been able to see so many like we
saw a lot of it we obviously we didn't
get to see totality which was something
that I really wanted to look forward to
so keep it bring it Scott leaving won't
take a hundred years for the next
Eclipse to happen they've been only I
think like how about 302 days although
like Tom and I were talking the Blood
Moon spike or they would I mean do their
own that was rad I'm super on and what
we saw is super run we didn't have
glasses we had to make do like a
makeshift box which works really really
well when suddenly we're going to have
to go through and give out some really
rad videos that are online right now to
go see it we decided should have feels
like one of the hottest freaking days
Bobby because the Sun is closer I think
that's what it is the first one closest
we all here to get a gun pool house
there's a slide that's already actually
be good dog we have something fun my god
its massive honey you're the designated
water watch for okay go ahead and wear
that is this my life ugh you literally
did a water watcher do it quick
you're the lifeguard come here you're
the lifeguard good job miss water
watcher hi mother you little dick so you
got your credentials
Oh
from there
that probably looks like a lizard to him
that a snake bloody what is that don't
go in no no not yet no diesel diesel
wait till the water comes in hey water
watcher get in there you guys realize
that the pool right you really need to
like maybe in the next couple years
figure out how to put a pool in here
every time we look at this backyard
we're like oh we could fit it that guy
was full of crap he doesn't look very
happy at all yeah sir
I can't tell Zoey's enjoying tonight I
know it's nice alright yes now buddy
you
from
elegant food hopefully avoiding that
whole situation Charlie on the formal
building food what's really kind of
funny about Marley is that she goes from
a yellow cream color to bright white
when she gets clean there you go Murr
you're about deep enough you don't want
less everything to do was when I was
always swimming it's like okay you slow
you slow down you back in the new exhale
so you think a little bit so it's like
right up as you could see it's it's Zoey
and I right now we're just hanging out
everyone else one side you guys look
like you're having fun really nice good
they're always like I don't have to do
any more I might be over there a bath
that's what she's filming in here
there's no you don't want one of those -
Matthew bad even though just getting in
a bath excellent she looks funny in
specific the other half in the pool
asleep okay maybe my logic is that if I
stay in the pool I won't get about you
know the logic is flawed because you are
getting a bath I'm sitting in the back
sorry you're on you're not getting out
of this one thank your for theater to
stay in there but you're not no it's
just
she knows the options are either bath or
chilling in the pool what do you think
anyone do there girl you've watched you
clean vivo Marley so she's like I'm just
going to hang out here
what was the heck
so impressive look Michael Celtic dog
Harry would Ellie and I are going out to
eat look how pretty she looks
oh my god I'm wearing when I was there
you're like forever in camps now I'm
wearing lipstick oh my gosh yeah all
dressed up I went all out for my black
flip-flop sexy bed what does that say
it's like it's been so long since I wore
my trademark chucks
it actually feels weird now to wear them
they don't look like mine
they might style anymore I'm so used to
using these black Adidas actually forgot
how much I liked them so I might start
wearing them again Bree I think you
chuck fit me better or do the data fit
me better I think they look at you in
different specimens because I'm a
chameleon I'm totally awesome like that
alright guys well today is one of those
monumental days that will probably in
the vlogs be one of those days I always
reference you know I always do the
callback the reference you know the
Blood Moon video and all that stuff it's
really sane but it's definitely turning
on oh my god you can totally read on the
camera
no slender is like how many other people
throughout the universe have the
opportunity to see something like this
kind of like what I just did right there
I really hope you guys were able to get
some really cool awesome shots you know
of the Eclipse over you were in the area
please share them on Twitter I'd love to
see him because obviously the only thing
I got to see was the NASA footage we got
to see a little bit but because we were
in Florida we only got to see that
little sliver so I don't know I still
think is awesome I still think it's
amazing you know I love space and maybe
we should get like an eclipse somewhere
on here that one it should be kind of
cool to add on here at any rate I will
see you guys tomorrow
please don't forget to subscribe and
have a wonderful awesome amazing day
like I added that good I guess
