hey do you think my beard getting long
this is I have like a putty face I can
wash my face and uh yes oh my gosh I
wonder where it is since I can shave
this hi my name is Charles I rank videos
on the Internet
upload faster internet it is a freaking
awesome day isn't is I uh I apologize to
everyone up north Scott just sent me a
photo
he lives in Pennsylvania and it's
starting the snow so he apologize
speaking of up north I have a show in
Rochester New York on Friday and I'm not
prepared for it I am not prepared for
that
that's noe snowy good I love snow but
the thing is I'm just not prepared
because it's like once I've been
gradually like accustomed to it I guess
is introduced to it I guess like a
goldfish feel like that goldfish
metaphor is it about it's a metaphor our
analogy to metaphor right for life I
always get those confused here and I
completely didn't catch his name but
he's really awesome and he was really
funny any one of the guys were sitting
like my shirt the right
like tattooed princess username sorry
and my mind isn't working today I was
really drunk yesterday forgive me I know
don't look at me like that
I'm trying it's trying okay really come
on I need to run a mile today let's do
this okay sorry I have to make sure the
internet was gonna get angry please I
can do these tricks oh here
whoa okay don't need a ramp I got it
doo doo doo doo doo is she gonna do it
she do it oh my god she can do it wow
this conveniently walks around it so
yesterday I picked up one of those video
capture those analog video capture
things basically it lets you do old
video games as well as VCRs thought to
be really kind of a cool thing to start
converting some of our home movies my
mom used to do when I was little into a
digital format so I could put on a DVD
and stuff like that and so I can clip
maybe show you guys but the thing is
like I said I don't own a VCR and I
don't know where to get one
except that one place that does repairs
and it seems Shady so I'm gonna go there
try to get a VCR
I imagine that means this VCR repair
right all right let's do this
that was definitely a front for
something else
they had giant anacondas all over the
place I know I'm not that gullible guys
I know that was going to be something
that was not I knew that was not gonna
be just a store that sold VCRs
but that was just beyond moving on maybe
a pawn shop all right Plan B instead of
having to go to a pawn shop my mom and
my dad have a VCR yep my mom has two all
right we're gonna see if this thing
works I don't know what we're doing
little fur cake yeah but you ever go to
the VHS tape of our family that you want
me to try to transfer like shrine are we
dead like what is this you guys like
candles going on over here
oh hey kitty cat wait we should just
transfer Star Wars from VHS to digital
copy how about that all right so what we
got here $19.99 t okay do we have any I
don't know what should we do I'm
eventually gonna transfer all this
additional stuff there's this one it
says third birthday Charles thank you
what that's just a sticker where is it
on here that doesn't work
this is detective work well let's just
pick one here Oh it'll work a lot of zoo
tapes the zoo tapes
all right here how long no angel okay oh
we're gonna transfer your music video
dance for digital eyes my dad's all
music videos alright oh it's my first
walking and talking that that could be a
good one what what is this some steep
was that a Sears photo what are you guys
doing oh my gosh it's all yellow it's
getting so old I think this was white at
one fine okay ready then we put it in
here
do it blow on it
put that in there I'll see this connects
girl music video see if we can find my
dad that is right there i I have I can't
find my glasses so pick them all because
they'll disappear my mom is crazy
look my gosh look at you you can take
the sticker off you own them now wait is
that you as you that's me mama all right
so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna try to
wait there's dad's old car so now I
gotta start transferring all this stuff
is my first vlog right here mom take the
tag off but Haney
no you can keep the glasses I'm gonna
take the tag off Melissa baptism that's
in the eighties okay so we can transfer
that one that one probably should be
transferred before breaks so I told my
mom probably a mistake that I'm able to
transfer all these VHS tapes and I was
like yeah I can do a couple of inches of
test and she gives me seven or eight all
right so I don't know if you guys can
see the rocks that they're on but it's
the same rocks that Bill and Ted were
thrown off and there's my dad dude I
tried to pause it that's where Bill and
Ted was thrown off and the bogus journey
is that crazy I can't say I can remember
all this stuff but some things just like
seem so familiar
it's like that toy I know that toy I
know that toy oh there's gonna be so
much footage over the next couple weeks
months or whatever I'm gonna be
transferring all this I want to ask you
guys actually I want to ask you guys cuz
this could potentially be a thing like
maybe every once in a while do you guys
want me to like just upload on the CTFxC
channel as a bonus
along with the vlog old maybe unedited
like vlog footage my mom and my dad did
as I was growing up I see where I get it
because there's so much footage they
film so much when I was growing up my
sister this is day this is before my
sister was even born
Hey where's Marley where's Marley she's
not coming out there we go get away from
the bush get it apparently there's like
a five-foot black snake in here is that
why you're freaking out yeah man I'm
gonna go up here I don't want him to get
me yeah this is much better you can't
get me now so for example here's just a
couple of eclipses that I just now saw
that I could show you without going
through everything so I came that close
that close to stupid I won't even told
me it was there so we're going to look
for a dress because I had one it was
lovely but I just was really like
uninterested in it when I got home and I
returned it or my friend's mom's
birthday it's her 50th birthday it's
really exciting she's got a family
friend of ours for a long time we're all
going so we found my mom's outfit
already we haven't found mine maybe we
had one for it well we might have to
find another okay play your stick okay
come on what do you think should we make
this a thing like that's my grandfather
I he passed away when I was really
really little and that was my grandma
that freaky ow what the heck is that
thing
this is gonna explode the dress is
pretty
you basically disappear a hair like
where's alison she disappeared this is
the exact same design as the pink dress
that I bought the first time that I
ended up hitting and taking back
oh this isn't me we're gonna look
elsewhere because I'm trying to dress
well I see you since lost track of time
I was sifting through all that footage
and then I just realized that I had to
eat cuz Zoey and Marley were asking me
they were like jumping on me like dude
feed me feed me so I gotta go get some
food before everything closes here's a
thank you for reminding me to eat the
full would do to health what and I dub
thee the smiley calzone wait I have a
better idea now he's the smiley calzone
remember Blackfyre we got nothing except
a pizza cutter oh yeah
no pizza cutter makes sense it's the
best pizza cutter that I've ever bought
that's what I'm planning I'm about to do
it guys that movie I I know it's
probably gonna be noble but it's gonna
be terribly awesome right who else heard
Nicolas Cage's give me a third one okay
this is another one has a little belt
pretty cute I think I like this one more
this is more holiday and more
comfortable that sleeves better cold
like I think and ridiculousness
anyway so I've been digitizing and
converting and doing all that fun stuff
I really connect with all the old
footage that my mom and my dad gave me I
know I just finished like three to seven
hours of converting I have a bonus video
for you guys Charles at 1985
I took some random clips from the first
tape that I converted and did like a
bonus kind of like CTFxC flashback so
this is the first one if you guys like
this I'll do more I love the links down
there in the description or at the end
of the video it's kind of crazy to watch
because essentially my mom and my dad
were the first vloggers in 1985 kind of
cool to think about right anyway so I'll
see you guys tomorrow make sure to check
out the bonus video please check it out
I'll see you guys tomorrow good night
here you guys go just click the box and
watches the CTFxC throwback if you guys
liked this we'll definitely do more so
go check it out this is 1985 alright see
you guys
where's the psst
with child tripping
with champion
don't forget so anymore
