let's play a little trick on ally call
wife
so the capture card comrade we try be
mobile okay so the capture card came
right I'm gonna call I'm gonna tell her
that they sent the wrong one to be so
angry ring so I picked up what I was the
capture card all right but they didn't
send a capture card they actually sent
and I'm not kidding a toaster yeah I'm
looking at a toaster right now I bet a
toaster wouldn't been bad there was a
brief moment where she believed me right
the video capture thing and this is the
one that we're using in place of the
dazzle know right now what I'm trying to
do is figure out how to make this run
from my 64 to the TV to the laptop I've
never done this before and I'm like
slightly technologically challenged so
I'm gonna try and figure it out but
we'll see so my mom came bearing gifts
two days in a row knocking that thing
down
she came bearing gifts I'll go show you
guys toys hi Silver Surfer my god
turtles yellow arranger arrangers Nick
these are the low like Mighty Max I was
just talking about how like they stop
because it's gone no it's probably
around but they're like pill size and if
I stop making them because people will
be swallowing oh my god it's a white
ranger something I made you back in the
day power thrust old-school warp tour
t-shirt look at this old-school Taking
Back Sunday shirt it's probably that's
from prior 2003 it is and then old
funny-looking kid shirts where the
gingka jeans you find a jingle
what is this Wow just put that one down
do they all do that yes you do
that's why it took me so long to get him
back mom's been playing with them the
whole time
okay well we got a bunch of
inappropriate towards ensuring that
weird ass toys sorry Zoey I found out
some good news but I thought we were
going to need is we actually need we
need to go and grab some splitters we
need somebody male to females that's
what we're grabbing we're grabbing the
splitters and I have a dual ended AV
cable and I think that's all we're gonna
need them we're gonna fingers crossed
everything is going to work if it
doesn't I will probably be throwing
something a kid stole let's hope I don't
have to break anything today when I was
little I didn't know why it was called
male-to-female plugs because you'd be
like hey give me that female plug right
I don't know and he just goes if you
ever confuse just stink and that's our
figured out matter female plugs life
lessons with papa trippy what if you
like showed up in school the next day
just started doing that together now
they're like please no trials is doing
weird stuff at his hands I learned it
was affect I didn't have an Apple B I
had miss trees which is kind of mr.
trees yeah some apple trees which is
close wait what is the Sun just 3:11
ever heard 311 a long time
where'd we go my loss this is the very
sad section of Best Buy I remember I
used to go to like Best Buy and Target
and Walmart all the time and my favorite
thing to do would be to go into the CD
section and buy a new CD and now I don't
have to do that because we have the
Internet
absolutely hi hi are you sir sir sir
just wanted to show up crazy look
but again we've made a mistake several
times so I'm not really sure I think
this might work so far okay Dennis just
figured it out you got a test I think
it's working right start start start oh
my gosh it's not starting
yo no you didn't get to be doing that it
totally wasn't just licking my belly Oh
Coco what is gonna happen as me as this
sounds I really hope Cocotte scared
you filming this Coco why couldn't you
have done that when she was by the pool
everyone wanted you to do it so we have
changed locations for drunk gaming today
we're going to be doing it
how about Padre house they had a 64
setup we're gonna do like a throwback
cuz we finally got a PVR that works holy
crap you're gonna be doing a lot more
throwback gaming because it's just that
Justin and I grew up with and stuff that
Charles likes games some of you guys
probably playing as well you know what I
wanna do let's look through these boxes
see what we got here
so like I was saying earlier today my
mom brought a bunch of my old toys and I
need to go through them all that is old
wooden is this is from 96 still in its
boxy when I was little I was obsessed
with collecting things called starting
lineups there were basically there were
baseball figures like action figures and
I would keep them in the box this isn't
the case divided this is a case to
protect the case that's how obsessed I
was yeah this is way before your time
little dog what is this superstar son
you're the grey I remember these my
parents would get these from my sister
at Island we had like perfect attendance
or like a good grade they get us little
trophies Alex Rodriguez this was
worth $23 at the time I wrote that with
my little sticky note just check out the
condition the box is in now it's I don't
even know if these things are worth
anything do you guys know if starting
lineups is already collector out there
that wants some of these I got a lot of
them I remember I was so obsessed like
at midnight I would make my mom drive me
to like Walmart cuz they were open 24/7
and at midnight oh my gosh that midnight
that's when they did the restock so I
would drive I'm like what kind of window
delivery days were and I would make my
mom or my dad drive me to Walmart and
just sit there by the boxes you know
like if you ever been a woman at like
late at night there's all those guys
that are unpacking the boxes I would
always like go and make friends with
them so that when they open the box I'd
be the first one that's how I used to
give these rare ones this oh it's old
suspense thriller merch box sounds like
there's money in there I'll have to keep
that I can I can attach like I can
remember specific memories to specific
toys like juggernaut I remember this toy
so much now looking back it kind of
looks so inappropriate clever clever oh
he clobbers your nose gambit
holy crap gambit oh man who's this guy
what is this guy beast this feels like
yesterday what I was playing with these
things
the closest time fires what the hell is
this thing I feel like this is like a
form of time-traveling just looking at
old stuff when you were a kid
cuz you forget about a lot of the
memories oh my gosh I keep getting
sidetracked look at this Ninja Turtle
backpack you forget about a lot of these
memories and then when you see something
you're like just like time warp
instead of transformer the old
transformer I don't even know kids now
have these kind of things the only main
like they have to have toys obviously
they're like is there like collections
like starting lineups people collect
things I feel like what the internet
kind of ruined the collection because it
made things so easy to obtain
there was no thrilled
hunt when you were trying to get a
collection you need that one baseball
card and you would just be asking
friends you look go to like dealers you
would go to card shows you go and look
for those those things now you can
literally just type ugh so Vegas rookie
card on eBay and cry find it so the
thrill is kind of gone fester X what is
he holding it's like gum it's a gum
wrapper what what that was a messed up
kid this Power Ranger stick no way I
bought this not kidding I bought this I
think in second grade still in its
packaging says that was in second grade
I wanted to open this but I was like no
it's gonna be worth a fortune now it's
probably worth nothing the old
Nightcrawler if anyone knows how to look
this up let me know
Wow Zoe who says time travel isn't real
that was a trip intended trip anyone
knows that movie you get a thousand cool
points oh my god three two oh there's a
nice mark
hell to the no you're not shooting me no
it's awesome don't shoot people it's not
nice hey guys thanks so much for
watching the vlog I just wanted to let
you know that I have a new episode of
drunk gaming live on my channel now we
finally got our PVR working with old
school games so we kicked it into gear
with bomberman 64 it's pretty ridiculous
Justin and I get a little bit violent in
this one but I hope it makes you laugh
alright guys thanks for watching and
we'll see you over there
merci
with y'all trippin
we're
with charity
