I don't know where it's come from I was
I think it was just his iTunes was on
shuffle or I was editing the other day
and Slipknot does that song sync we
started playing and I was just like what
what I'm gonna go punch somebody
we're so hard to the pillow definitely
not into that type of music but for some
reason that song just like gets me so
pumped up I'm just like ready to run
like a marathon
especially with coffee two marathons
listening this makes me feel like I need
to go and find some old school Dinko
jeans
you guys remember chinko jeans so big
freaking things with that I always have
an animal on it yes I owned a pair
hashtag eighth grade you know what I'm
gonna go to my mom's house I bet you I
bet you I have old school Chico jeans
there I'm gonna put them on okay this is
going to be random but do you have any
of my old G Co jeans I definitely didn't
just run into all our bikes no that's
why I slid on this thing I told you I
know how to drive this thing well you
got sorry
nothing just transported my bone you
were bringing that thing everywhere now
that you found it again yeah we're right
here okay she eats it when I give it to
her you like the Apple No Wow okay well
no well apparently Marly likes apples
how is she getting the pulp and not just
okay thanks you want try no give me a
cheeto catch guys ready to go on a hike
we're gonna go on a hike today get some
exercise
okay gives you guys some water though
you just thought that it was just gonna
be me and you don't wanna hang out we're
trying to organize we're trying to hang
out was one of my high school friends
but he's been really busy he's in
Tallinn seeing his family and his
girlfriends here so it's been kind of
tough but we're trying to get together
no good oh okay drop it you can't eat it
that's Justin's good all right so I'm
trying to find Ali and Justin on this
giant ass mouth says they're way over
there though okay I think that's them I
think it's Marly you see him that's
definitely Zoe we're on a mission to
sniff out and pee on the most dog
markings that we can yeah there's
probably just in there for sure
every time Zoe gets ahead of us where
they gets really nervous what is this
thing like the biggest mountain
Florida does happen probably gonna win
brothers gonna weed oh that was a close
one that was almost a photo finish
hi barley is thoroughly confused that's
the first time she's ever seen a horse
what do I do
just like I think it's the monster I go
see the horse giant monster yeah you
nuts we let her awfully late she's like
so confused with those are my barley
went right into the water
Zoey just face-planting in the water
what happened here
bird explode or something Lucas walking
Marley good job Luca come on Marley come
with me take three for a walk like I
walk myself oh I was always taking her
for a walk
dangerous feats
oh yeah I could call you guys are all
there at the same time an alligator just
comes up
yuugi about the macaulay culkin himself
get it get it cuz my girl
anyone alligators everywhere it's gonna
be horrible I just realized that I
really need to make sure that I had
enough energy to pull myself up this is
so gorgeous cuz its lens flare do it the
other way because if you fall forward
you're gonna flip over the world's most
beautiful plank don't make a laugh he's
gonna fall over okay put your arms out
yeah buddy
wait now just do a somersault out of it
don't hit your head on the bars
that's cool oh he uh he almost stuck the
landing so close
gas on belly and this is really good I
don't forget to ever have this before
it's like teen sugar it's cream soda
made with cane sugar and it is amazing
I'm gonna drink this now
it's really sweet it's almost like
butter beer let's go you thought it
would be a fun little prank to jump in
that water no I swear I didn't do it no
I swear that wasn't me so you guys know
what today is you know what today is
fine I'll just tell you today's the day
that the dog slash cat hoodies as you
can see the haters and the nerds go on
sale along with the human hoodies yes we
made human tell you that we didn't just
make animal that is the human hoodies
are on sale as of today as of right now
I don't know how many of the dog hoodies
slash cat hoodies we are able to make
there's a limited supply so if you're
wanting to get one for your animal I
would do it right now just for a
reference Zoey's a 2xl and Marley is a
large well yours is coming right off huh
I feel like if I had a fan right now
you'd be like oh like Michael Jackson
you can either positive video right now
or you can go at the end put the links
down there CTFxC merch calm you can get
the dog slash cat hoodies and then the
human hoodies we have a new design for
the human hoodies actually we actually
have a new design this year for the
human hoodies if you actually like our
Facebook you guys selected the new
design for this year yesterday or the
two days ago or something like that so
yes just wanna let you guys know the
good news they're out make sure once you
get one of the hoodies the other dog
coatings or the human hoodies that you
at reply me on Twitter cause I want to
see especially I want to see your dogs
rocking these things oh okay
well Joey and Marley both said to get it
so sorry about that guys it can be a
little bit demanding sometimes I don't
know why this happens every single time
but we always buy pineapples right and
for some reason we always get it with
great intentions like yeah we're gonna
we're gonna make smoothies with me fresh
pineapple every morning and there's
always a pineapple in our fridge just
always sitting there might as well be
under the sea
I feel like we haven't done a car dance
running away good work Marv you too
good work
and worse yet
with trippy
where
with trip in early
anymore
