so we make it almost out of gas only 30
minutes till the place closes buppa
buppa buppa buppa buppa buppa buppa
buppa buppa we're gonna make it we're
gonna baby going to go pick up our
little recorder things we're gonna be
doing drunk gaming today finally we got
a working one yes then alleys how tubes
are gonna be on her channel on
Wednesdays like her hair beauty food
recipes clothing all that stuff if you
have any cool suggestions definitely let
me know in the comments I will do
whatever you guys have had some amazing
ideas some stuff that's really fun for
me to do so I would love to show you
guys how to do it and then on Fridays
will be CTFxC cinema right now we're
gonna go get this new recorder this PBR
thing that you guys suggested so I'm
hoping this thing's in the work here's
the kicker so I would have like five
days ago okay paid for second day
delivery still not here and I have to go
pick it up now so no fun ally didn't
want to play the no gas game oh UPS you
totally dropped the ball totally Tom
Hanks and Wilson would not approve oh it
was FedEx was that good I got a will son
crap no you see Koko this is the proper
way to beg okay it looks learned can't
you can't break eye contact no you're
breaking eye contact Coco you're getting
distracted by a camera and a string
distracted it's directed
Wow
this is pretty funny Marley Marley is a
food expert if I drop something that's
noticeable when I'm bringing food to my
mouth she looks on the ground to see if
it fell
but there's no tomorrow doesn't me being
mean and you she's like I'm just
learning learning from the experts over
there you're gonna buy some candles stop
it
I think I want to shave now you can't
get funny thing I can do it four days
four days yeah except for four days six
days like a week to play a show like
this - now look away dad and Greg Allman
like back in the day oh my god how bout
no this one was that the princess one I
was thinking we get him the Kings one
that was cool right
we got the collar sure Zoey Marley
always get them the camo know what so we
got to get him a new tag I think I just
put it like that
oh wait other way shoot which way I do
this one
all right there's Marley
Zoe's good am I in there this makes me
so happy when I see little adopted tags
on there
this one got adopted all right there's
Marley's and Zoey wait did you have a do
you sense a ripple in time
you're drinking chocolate milk did you
Time Warp at one point you're drinking
chocolate that means you time-warped
there's a break in time cuz you drink
you're drinking check them out cuz
you're drinking chocolate milk
you broke time you time-traveled there's
a blipping time I don't understand what
you're saying you don't know okay well I
guess it'll be our secret Internet
don't tell her don't tell her what I
mean come on she broke time let's go
guys smile present she licked it of
course she didn't give it's metal hey
nope I don't care I hit the word park
we're going to the park that's all I
care about
dude you can't even really see it on
camera but there's a lot of hair it's
how it's getting all over me now no I
don't understand like sheesh it's more
than Zoe and she has way less air like
she's gonna go ball
row game just just comes right off
yeah she's shedding all right it's
winner she shouldn't be and this is
why like nearly everything I own is like
black clothing and my dog is white and
she sheds everywhere
yeah we pretty much know it a family of
gymnasts we know Olympic gymnast easily
Hey
and now Ali slow-motion cartwheels wait
going on
I told Charles I was gonna need your
complete fail because I knew Zoe was
gonna panic as soon as he went up in the
air how's your noggin how's your noggin
she went into walls on a daily basis so
she's fine that dog's head as hard as a
nail she's fine
go go go go go go go go go go there
she's gonna run right into something now
she's all excited she's like guys I hit
my head I hit my head that activated my
place which go
please I went to try to find a hand
sanitizer old suspense thriller stickers
I'll I don't know how long he's been in
here old AFI patch these pay hardcore
this guy to be for like 98 I don't how
do they transfer into here so we're my
least favorite part of when we get new
dog food because daddy always makes a
giant mess and the two little Hoover's
get to clean it up vacuum it all in
there it looks pretty clean this time so
fast we'll go faster
Zoe's frantically they are flying oh
look at that no mess oh yes scherzo just
eat out of the food thing that's a good
one
I did I just did that in hopes of like
Vinson Ali to do it you look hilarious
and adorable I'm gonna look displeased
so you do it okay I'm doing with my butt
yeah you did it
look at my little baby cheeseburgers I
got sliders and I've never like had a
slider before it's like the perfect
amount of food there go rednecks in the
kitchen and they like are yelling at
each other what to do want to make it
looks like distracting all right what
are we betting good betting yeah I don't
know okay
love it alright cutthroat you ready you
lose that you're literal version of cut
there I was literally I'm trying to be
quiet cuz Charles and the girls are
already asleep but I'm pretty calm I
hate it was really nice I got to see
some old friends that's about it for
tonight but later this weekend we're
gonna film some new drug gaming for you
guys and also on Monday or releasing
some new hoodies which is gonna be
awesome I'm so excited for that so be
sure to check out CTFxC merch calm it's
gonna have some new designs on the X
we're gonna reorder some shirts and I'm
thinking some of you guys been waiting
for those for the holidays everything
all right guys thank you so much for
watching today's video and we'll see you
tomorrow love you guys
wait
worse yet sexy
with trippy
to be an ally don't forget to eat more
