you ready I got my my tag-team partner
here I got Ally we're gonna go and we're
gonna see what we can find here okay
what what how funny would it be it's
like you wanted to go to Black Friday
stuff like the sales and you woke up in
the wrong day no no it was like maybe
1:00 a.m. and you're like oh man I
overslept you go there and the store is
completely empty
that's why every TV's gone off the wall
there's like like ghost town I'm just
walking you're like oh they're like
wires swinging there's like oh my god
she look like she made out got some
coppers DJ DJ DJ that was cool this is
the back of the line keep going keep
going keep going still going oh hey
check out we're still going more people
trying to record the first person the
lady in season yeah she's there pink
shoes on the news I'm not doing this
no way what do you lie there I want to
go home that was in Tallahassee it was
not nearly this busy why don't we wait
until a little bit after midnight and
then go in we're gonna try to target by
one get five free yes please oh it's
open it's the window it's the portal we
don't need the the copy line is
ridiculous
as long as I've ever seemed Starbucks
period we're formulating a plan
where you wangle kitchen
we have a plan if these could come out
I'd be like such a disaster it's like oh
it's my weave it's my DV things we
should be getting things we are getting
we're passing all this fancy stuff like
toilet brush dun dun dun dun dun dun dun
dun vintage engine fight gone gone gone
gone
DVD $20.00 blu-ray 16 dollars oh my gosh
it's all gated off zombies everywhere I
already had the fight for kids just to
get that pizza cutter is someone who
dress up in really good zombie makeup
and just be standing in line behind
someone who can't remember okay where's
the panic button about it okay probably
scared the crap out of somebody walking
by is that it there we go
I thought I'd give it another shot and
maybe try it's been some progress but I
don't think we're gonna do this this is
this is chaotic
I'm just do cyber monday online line
online lines are lines I can do right
well that was the morning of well the
first hour and a half with Black Friday
we'll do this more turn the day gonna
take a nap
Zooey Marley and I were running actually
kind of walking mm-hmm and you know when
Zooey runs she goes like this you like
Penn spend spend spend spend spend did
she do this and this lady goes like
across the bay yeah I'm like huh
because they just peed a second ago I
thought it was maybe her guy and she is
big dog walking
she's prancing
and I was like yeah and she goes I just
walked into the back back into her house
no joke
that's exactly what she did so what
you're saying is our neighbors away I
attract weird attention I'm gonna lay
down no we're going an alternative route
from now on so I have a new favorite
game instead of playing at Starbucks
every time I go to the same one I have a
different name like John Mike Larry the
ultimate goal is to make the thing I'd
like 17th wins like identical twenties
since the hoodies and the dog hoodies go
on sale on Monday we got a first gotta
get all the hair off of her we got to
set up a little photo shoot so you guys
can see it on the merch page are you
bored yet a little photo shoot by the
way I just you know if you want to
comparison shot Marley she wears a large
and Zooey wears what is Zoe you bored
and Zoe is a to excel Marley is about 30
pounds up that's lovely
and Zoe's about 50 pounds 55 pounds so
come on got a model she behaved so well
you behaved so well Jeff go blue just
take the photo I want to look
introspective oh my god
we pretty much owned the park right now
nobody's here crap I'm seriously getting
so freakin annoyed with this getting
darker earlier thing I still haven't
what it's been like a month a month and
a half or something like then I still
not I'm not used to it at all
whereas parties I wake up so early now
like so tired so early so like you know
doing something late is just like you
know the creepiest part right now is I
smell somebody's smoking but I can't see
him this entire area
I can smell somebody smoking like around
me but I just can't see them
a little bit creepy and my guard dogs
are wearing freaking hoodies somewhere
they'll be threatening at all
threatening Marley look threatening oh
boy I'm so freakin happy I think the
entire reason that I am excited about
Christmas is the weight of my house
smells on Christmas Day there are
cookies it just smells like paper I like
the smell of the wrapping paper I don't
know I'm just crazy like that and
Charles is probably gonna be even more
disappointed and how many candles a
leotard having to wear it underneath
everything I'm trying on and it's making
it as you can see really awkward gotta
go see if I can find some deals now that
things have closed down Allie and Lauren
went shopping for clothes that does not
sound fun to me actually speaking of
shopping in me hating it um a lot of
people ask a lot of people always ask me
where or like what stores I always get
my clothes from and I actually to be
honest I use a website it's called
Jackthreads if actually if you go to
jack threads.com slash CTFxC you can
just log in for free actually when you
go to jack threads.com slash c they have
a seat at the top right I'll have like
log in with your Facebook and you can
just click that and just logs you in and
you can see it basically it's like a
bunch of name-brand guy clothing and you
get it super super cheap this morning to
be honest I ordered about like five
long-sleeved t-shirts throwing like $20
and there were like $90 t-shirts so it's
pretty cool I 100% use it I recommend it
and ladies if you want to get your
gentlemen a really nice shirt you don't
tell them he looks like a scrub and you
can't take no scrubs no more and when my
stuff comes that I ordered today I'll
show it to you guys so you can see how
awesome it is just go to jack
threads.com slash CTFxC and you can try
it out I don't know unless you like
dealing with crowds and all that fun
stuff now I lost my car cuz I was
talking to you guys feel like just went
on some sort of stupid spiel or rant but
no honestly guys
I use them and I really like them wait
what the fuck I was going I got so
distracted we're talking to you guys I
forgot I was supposed to go into the
store
but these cool little sleeves I don't
really know how to like it I don't even
know what the pop sleeves kind of wet
there I like it it looks bad down here
because my leotard is all bunched up but
now that's the top a lot I can hear you
singing in one direction from inside the
dressing room well that's pretty barren
correct all gone you know what screw
electronics on Black Friday I'm gonna
get a nice pillow that's what I'm gonna
get
isn't it like you spend like 30 percent
of your time sleeping of your life I
don't I just made that up I'm not sure
if that's true or not what about this
one
I don't dare kill discussing this is I'm
not putting my face on it I just have to
do this like I didn't know there's a
difference stomach back besides he I
think I'm a side sleeper
do you guys know you are do you sleep in
your stuff you know do you sleep on your
back yeah I sleep on my side how do you
guys sleep ooh I don't want that I think
I got one the other one
what woman wants to look like an
800-number screw gadgets comfort is key
it's obviously for a small child but
it's break here snoozing Susan what is
going on feel I look like I don't know
she looks like she's been crying idea
for hours we were in the store and the
woman in the dressing was like bless you
bless you bless you you must just means
fifty times while we were in there I
would say your son this is a temporary
solution to your problem you look so
pitiful Oh Madre Oh guys what we go to
bed it's been a long day but yeah let me
know what you guys got for Black Friday
see I got a pillow I'm gonna totally
sleep the crap out of this pillow right
now I'm ready for it but yeah let me
know what you guys got for Black Friday
I will see you guys tomorrow
I'm going to go to pass out now and
though you might want to move and if you
guys are still curious make sure to
check out Jackthreads COMSAT CTFxC and
remember the hoodies go on sale Monday
so I will see you guys tomorrow
have a great night I miss you all I'll
see you guys in a matter of hours good
night oh my god
worse yet sexy
with trippy
it would be an ally
