moaning gasps it's Thanksgiving
explosion explosion explosion I was
finishing up editing the vlog from
yesterday and I was like you know what
it's not gonna boil one time at plenty
of time at 6:00 spilling all over
because some thinking some great falls
before we go any further I just want to
address look at my awesome shirt I found
it a goodwill I think I'm tour last year
remover dare anyone else remember dare
hear what I'm gonna do a lot of people
ask me when I cook stuff like you know
how do you cook it so rather than taking
it up in the vlog there's a link down
there in the video description
it's an unlisted video you can go only
go to it by clicking that link I will
show you guys how to make Charles's
drinks balls or just basically spinach
balls so if you want to see how to do
that it's really easy super easy links
down there in the description and you
can just click that and go check it out
oh yeah doing the boobies put in pepper
salt paprika garlic and onion powder we
shove that baby in there
Percy biatch boil them taters my mom
asked me for the one one or two sticks
of butter and the potatoes and I asked
her if that was a real question come on
what are we not Paula Deen put eight
sticks of butter right it's actually our
potatoes we're boiling over a second ago
we had a lid on them and they boiled
over my dad was like oh
sneak preview of future beat you want
your jacket on Miley okay hold on let's
put your jacket on I walked out with it
and she's like RAM to me okay come here
let's put it on gotta put your foot in I
get is if you up there you go you warm
now good okay ready for yours use some
snazzy bitches now this section the vlog
is only gonna make sense if you came
back from the other other unlisted video
but yes I just made the spinach balls or
I'm in the process right now do you guys
like that let me know I maybe I'll do
more
these cooking ideas it's kind of fun
because I'm always I'm always cooking I
love cooking and I like to show you guys
some of the ingredients so if you want
me to do a little bit more unlisted
cooking stuff I guess I can do that this
is so gross
well a why must you act so adorable
alright so I am currently on the Black
Friday hunt I'm trying to find a pool
table wait she found it well Tim who
wants to get up at 4 a.m. to go to
stairs anyone : look through the ads
like Best Buy and stuff like that and oh
by the way I like it
we're matching she loves that honey this
dog has not wanted to take that hoodie
off this entire time besides the fact
that it's really hairy all right it's
really cute oh well the thing is there's
all these stores we can go there I had
this whole list of stuff that I've been
looking at like covert operation and
seeing what we can find you can go to
Best Buy we can meet that lady that was
sitting outside of Best Buy
there's been a lady can't think outside
of Best Buy they saw already they saw I
don't know if you did it or you did it
but somebody farted oh we should get a
trampoline just because here's a little
taste of Black Friday
old-school Black Friday
yes this is what the zombie apocalypse
is gonna look like I don't understand
why people do this to save just a couple
dollars oh my god it is Sam oh I really
hope it's not like that this year you
guys okay here it is this is my very
simple table decoration I basically just
used like leftover Halloween stuff and
the beautiful flowers that Charles got
me if you look very fall so this is my
my little table set up I just hate when
the centerpieces are like really
overwhelming and digging and you can't
see each other so I just like keeping it
really simple I just thought it was cute
why see backing up probably has no idea
why she's barking Oh mad house now
Jackson is by he's he's open the door no
it's alley open the door whoa how did
you do that what's up buddy the madhouse
Oh
getting all fancy getting minimally
fancy minimal fanciness yes are you
getting your yogurt minimal level of
fancy yeah I guess available yet
something how many turkeys do we have
one in here one in there it's a turkey
but no I'm not doing anything it's just
made new friends
this is Marley vision Marley
Thanksgiving vision I come around the
corner and I see this yeah I was like
wait wouldn't Marley go wait where did
Ali go wrapped around the corner
Marley feeding you you know better look
at Zoe's evolving she's getting a little
bit elevated so she can see everything
clearly then she's gonna tell Marley
where to go look at the teamwork the
mashed potatoes are on the right at your
three o'clock your spinach balls are
over at your nine stick up my my balls
on your plate wait on your plate wait
what's going on come on baby you can do
it oh no it's supposed to keep it fresh
I just never seen it it's this is high
this is classy stuff I've actually never
had this this my clients is really
crappy wine but it's classy it's classy
wine time for food leveraging themselves
again
what are we doing it doesn't on tenten
tenten tenten tenten do you love your
daddy too much tryptophan too much
turkey going to sleep dad you make a
good bed
that's right this is like laying on
three turkeys on the couch it looks
especially a circle with her little with
our hoodie oh my god Tyson Tyson come
here this is your finished pie this is
what you made not that's what I made
these - oh you made those - mm-hmm don't
make the crust all right this is the new
trick get a bounce it off Marley into
Kobe's mouth ready so it's Thanksgiving
what do you think that's what I was
thinking it's hard for me to be serious
I always go like joke around and get mad
at me it really has been like a kind of
a crazy year and we're kind of
reflecting and just wanted to say like
we were very thankful for our health
you know they kick are just awesome
doctors our family and one of the other
things is surprisingly you guys on the
Internet
for being such a good support system I
had a great support system with my
family and Ally in Zoey and Marley but
also from you guys all came out and said
that they had been dealing with it right
things like that just really they meant
a lot even if you didn't feel like it
meant a lot it really did yep so I just
wanted to say we wanted to give our
thanks to you guys we're thankful for
you guys and let us know what you guys
are thankful in the comments we would
love to read
what I like to do like every year my
that's it's something that my family
used to do and so I like to do it every
year we just kind of go around the table
before we think Kumbaya do you want to
be your dad no you want to be just a
little bit just rub up against it like a
cat I can't show you guys I do love you
don't put your love verity be aired on
ITV I shampoo it the flake heart it's
like a bra it's like brushing my face
with a boar bristle brush it bristl
preparation brush for each of us fine
you go rate I remember this you get a
high up wait wait pebble part no there's
no way I remember it is that laponia
Epona I just okay yeah it's right there
I'll turn around to the right come on
Epona want to ride your booty good Ally
doesn't believe me don't you have to
race this little kooky guy yes but you
can't racing all right now you're
supposed to race him and then you jump
the fence right maybe I have to do
nighttime all righty guys we're gonna
get a power nap now I'm gonna make Ally
turn off for a little zeldo we're gonna
go get a power nap cuz we're gonna be
doing the Black Friday thing about two
hours so I want to make sure I'm not
drowsy and zombie-like cuz I don't think
any coffee places are open all right so
I will see you guys tomorrow we'll be
filming Black Friday I hope you guys had
a great Thanksgiving don't forget to
check out the little unlisted how to
cook the Spanish ball video and Ally has
a new CTFxC cinema where she gets to
draw what are you doing she's doing that
one will have Pharaoh the Spanish one so
go watch that on her Channel
that's it right there let us know what
you guys are thankful for we're thankful
for you guys
have a great night
see what you did
merci
with y'all trippin
with trippy
