good morning guys beware the guard puppy
you will eat your face you will eat your
face okay okay go in the car I'm the car
sorry jeez scary dog what wait why are
you smiling french toast hey I got into
the Maples they're up I'm sorry deal
with it Marley you chilling out with
weird music yeah man I have no idea
what's going on right now oh boy does a
brain oh man I gotta lay down to
pre-thanksgiving me off
we just went to public it is looking
madness right now so pretty we got our
holiday nail paint going on cannot
believe I'm back in here anyone what
would be like our version of
middle-earth spork breeding grounds it's
like everyone is just slashing each
other
where's like give me what's in his bag
must be for me it might be for me girl
so remember - I think it was - ish weeks
back I had all those electrodes on my
head for 24 or 48 hours or whatever
yeah Loretta ever that was the good news
I love the joy down and I guess I get to
see all the the results the brainwaves
and all that I'm gonna try to show you
guys to see what it is my husband is a
homo I am NOT watch this up watch this
ready
oh I remember in Mario 64 you can grab
his face in the beginning when it was
just a huge moment and change his face
shape exactly like that
eight nine what is just tomorrow I don't
think I've ever done the full nose
you've never done in full no she ate
whoever yeah girl
the best part is when you get food stuck
in and then you get snack for later
working on a syrup
it works with drinks too fat horse I'm
gonna stay away from this who's that
pretty lady
that's Jessie she's an SI Q magazine so
cute oh my gosh ya know that mom then
over to another model like riverdancing
I wasn't able to film it because it
wasn't my my graph and I didn't I felt
awkward sections right there's that that
that that I remember him telling was
your eyes so it'd be kind of like this
and they would go like that like that
and these big things were when you blink
really those were your blinky thing so
it was a record of every time yeah so
when you go like bit when it's like this
that means you're sleeping and then this
is when you're chewing or talking
dependent function yeah so each one
there was one for your heart it was so
good
Google Image okay this is kind of an
example what I was talking about but I
wish I got to show it to you guys but
that's filling those normal good yeah
yes Whaley fuck you Sam right there
Charles hey here really you see that a
whole time tink you are like the worst
overt person ever is this a surprise
that we can't show them yeah yes we have
to Leto again I'll show you what's in
this box
Ellie took the dogs out what oh hey you
weren't supposed to be there with shoes
goes beep you were supposed to be there
sorry that wasn't supposed to be for
Laurie
all right guys you ready for the
surprise wait wait wait for it this is
the surprise that I was saying that we
had for awhile I think you guys will be
pretty pumped there they are
well they gotta go back over here we are
officially making American Apparel dog
zip up hoodies
okay a little pocket they have pockets
and then we got Ally Saudi is the exact
same material as a human American
Apparel hoodie it's got the hood it's
got flip over and underneath it's got
the little zipper and the pockets so
cute so on top of the dog zip up hoodies
we are bringing back the people zip up
hoodies we're going to have the haters
in black and blue the lapis and we have
a new design that's going to say
internet killed television that'll all
be on the site we're gonna have nerds
hoodie and the neon blue and then we got
the haters in black putting the hoodies
these are just a couple what I think
these were extras that day the printers
just sent to show us examples oh my god
she has a kid yeah she does
oh okay she does care she cares a lot
Hey
okay she's just slowly lady jobs like I
don't know what assassination my body Oh
cat alright check it out love you we got
something going on alright nerd that's
good
nope that's not good she's still alright
put your head on put your hood on there
there we go
this stupid thing has been processing
for two and a half hours one day one day
YouTube will work will work one day
she's making so much Norse hey pumpkin
pie I just used camp pumpkin puree
pumpkin two eggs a little bit of
cinnamon ground ginger cloves evaporated
milk salt and sugar it's really easy I'm
gonna make a pop yes yes it's just it's
like holiday explosion in my nostrils
and slowly release Lilia she's just a
couple feet masterful just going crank
right over here we're at this household
we're not creative and we don't make our
breadcrumbs ourselves I wonder what
happened here Coco did you fall in the
pool there dude alright yeah I feel the
pool this sucks
her feet that daddy helped drenched
she's so this is the champagne that we
had already Zoey
yeah well Joey
goodwill you know there's this tradition
that when you get married you take a
slice of the wedding cake and you freeze
it for a year so we've had a piece of
wedding cake for both yeah from the
iPhone cake yeah and our wedding cake
and we're gonna try it literally going
to eat a cake that is a year old is it
molding okay let's see yeah it's the
CTFxC app Oh Dada you can't have that
you can't have that only thing we're
supposed to eat this I remember this
cake like it was a year ago take a big
bite which one I'm gonna I'm gonna get
the inside of it so it's like not hard
no no oh that's uh that's the lovely
face tired our wedding day Oh days like
wait old cake year old cake stringy
melty dry Oh whoever came up with that
tradition is like so I just like I'm
just a hoarder
just so you should keep your cake your
whole cake in one appetizer of
everything top tier oh try to chew it
try to chew it try to do it it's all
grazing I know spit it out so now you're
gonna turn your red velvet man don't eat
it as always uh get spit on the plate
we're gonna throw it away
oh it's like blood and looks like you
got hit in the mouth all right eat them
eat them yes
chew the fondant ha ha you will do it
why why would anyone do it who doesn't
do this oh one of the problems that we
did not freeze it properly like little
like shit house if equate ooh do it
you're that I'm gonna be okay good not
supposed to eat anything that's over a
year old like that throw this to the
pits of Hell where it belongs trash
there we go yeah you go there oh okay
well we're just gonna fight plate all
right well I'm going to go to bed
because tomorrow is going to be an
exciting day all the family's gonna get
together and all that fun stuff for
Thanksgiving I just wanted to remind you
guys that the hoodies will be going on
sale on Monday not Friday but Monday for
Cyber Monday the dog hoodies as well as
the human hoodies I think you can
actually put them on cats
if your cat school Coco was walking
around with it so I don't know I just
really wanted to make these things
because I thought it'd be really cool
and awesome to be able to like walk
around have the same hoodie as your dog
and just be matching because it's kind
of it's kind of cool it's kind of cool
but I'm gonna go to bed
I will see you guys later hope you guys
are safe for the holidays travel safe
since we ate that disgusting disgusting
piece of cake tell me the worst grossest
thing or oldest thing you've ever eaten
in the comments so you can win this one
I think your old cake is the topper
right now so try to beat that good night
guys bye hey guys if you think you can
see the we the kings music video that I
did my first music video with we the
Kings right there go click it click it
right there
hope you guys have a good Thanksgiving
something extra it's on YouTube Picasso
Strauss trippy
okay
turnes kid
we're City attacks
giddy with child tripping
where is he
with trippy and Harry don't forget to
eat
you
