oh my god it's a tap of the birds I know
it's an irrational fear but when there's
a bunch of birds like that almost makes
me think they know something well
they're just Birds
you know I think I had a realization I
don't think I actually like coffee per
se like the drink or just actual
beverage I think what it comes down to
is I think I like the traditions
associated with getting a cup of coffee
really like on tour ah Bo relaxed in the
golf cart kind of weird
Who am I kidding I love it the day just
got better I was driving home and I took
a different route and I found a tiny
little like sandwich shop like hold the
Walsh sandwich shop best combination of
food ever
yes I got alley one to turn signal
signal signal yesterday you saw Marley
being our editor yesterday and give me a
little bit of sass this is how the magic
happens
Ally's translating Marley's sass I have
a PhD in the wall speaker so for those
of you guys who think wall speak is just
you know a very simple process it's a
very delicate delicate process that
takes years and years to master and
that's what she does Wow you look crazy
and like all you can see is like a
silhouette right now the shape of your
body is just like a ghoul all right you
guys you have to see this yesterday if
you didn't see yesterday's vlog go watch
it at least watch the first minute two
minutes
we made it kind of like a skit for the
intro of the vlog so don't watch it if
you missed it I just finished the other
thing I was looking for the dogs and
this is where they were it's curled up
under there no I wasn't I swear I was
I'm leaving she just left you with the
blame huh finally I've been able to get
the approval
we're able to release the party fun love
and radio music video so I'm just kind
of making some final adjustments right
now we just had we had to basically
figure out if it was okay to post and
everything so what we're gonna do is
this is going to be released on YouTube
backups as Charles Trippy as well as we
the kings page on Wednesday so this
coming Wednesday pretty Thanksgiving
spectacular but I just wanted to show
you how many tracks are on here this is
just unbelievable I've been doing this
since we were on tour obviously it's
taken a little time and it was on MTV
Brazil for the the preview but now I'm
just kind of fixing it up a little bit
doing some little tweaks that I wanted
to make earlier I think you guys really
like this is obviously the first music
video that I've ever been in with we the
Kings so it's kind of means a lot to me
so when this comes out I really hope you
guys like it so many people I've got how
crazy Warped Tour was like look at all
those people I definitely definitely
missed torn but you know at the same
time I really enjoyed the past couple
three months you know relaxed and home
with Ally's oh and Marley so definitely
been all look at you as I'm talking this
is my this most sheep nobody touch it
you gotta enjoy your time off
whoa my heel didn't go my shoe you're
not drunk yet drunk gaming's later today
yesterday wait wait act like a bee yeah
back like a bee or a fly act like a fly
you look like Jeff Goldblum in the fly
right Jeff Goldblum okay
behold the Tree of Life that's pretty
cool
that is cool since Ally is starting her
little can't wait since Ally is starting
to do all her beauty videos on her
channel now that means I get to go to
all these beauty stores puppy day sleep
easily distracted always easily
distracted he's a teddy bear this is a
lot of you guys really like that is a
how-to for her hair she's gonna be doing
a lot more on her Channel and so we just
went and spent an hour looking for
makeup she got her makeup I'll do a haul
video here you got if I don't even
asking for that
and that we have to go get the face
stuff now I'm gonna start watching
because I have no idea what's going on I
just go I just kind of go where I'm told
yeah yeah the lady said the lady said I
was a good sport for going so I got I
got man points are their husband points
yeah karma points so this is the coveted
in-game no no you know this is where I'm
saying this is exactly what I was saying
guys I feel like the intent is just
making gadgets and they're not actually
improving anything all right
see what this looks like this it's as
big as your head career it's Rick Rick
it's as big as your head I mean I like
the concept that it's just like a big
ass controller that you can use to play
that's fine now just imagine if you got
addicted to this and it was in your
purse that's all you would be able to
carry so she said I feel like I could be
like this that my food and my drink on
this like a train
traffic's actually finally Nintendo
finally does the deal they actually gets
better graphics is what the wheeshes is
the first thing that's HD right he's not
HD I can't she's sassy
wamblam and Lance if you guys didn't
know Twinkies are basically going under
ally and I are going to buy Twinkie in
honor of them going under so I remember
them being so awful so yeah right here
we were just discussing that there's
probably lots of them since you know in
Zombieland they last is cheeks oh my god
focus focus they're already sold out no
way this is where the long-lost Twinkies
are you guys are gonna laugh at the the
problems we're having so we're trying to
do it into the 64 game right so we had
wasn't got a dazzle you guys had to get
this thing called dazzle video creator
apply them whatever but it doesn't go to
the TV and it's only windows-based so
what I thought about doing was okay
maybe I'll just do like a an emulator
emulate Windows on my computer install
the disk oh that's right Apple got rid
of the freaking disk drive so I have to
do this whole network drive and drive it
through alleys computer make a copy of
it then send it over here and turn it
like mimicking having fun no ma'am what
are you doing what are you doing give me
your hand
I can't my bad news was strong hands
PBR is not working so we had this stupid
fuck dazzle thing and we just found out
that I didn't comply you're hi what are
you doing you're not a speaker I'm so
bummed out right now I just wanted to do
drunk gaming and now I don't think I'm
gonna be able to because I did not
receive this problem arising and it has
arisen rustic
happy anniversary anniversary
oh it's good over Zozo Ali's can get
five no bro bro no
you're not kicking ass in ass kick I've
only died three times four times
there's headless friend over there
playing he's losing there's another of
us friends just kidding
are you winning are you concentrating
bother I just want to show you guys that
I'm ready to play Halo complete with
plaid PJs soft undershirt and fuzzy
socks it was in my halo 4 uniform gotta
get comfortable and be a couch but games
I'm fun I lose so much like stress
relief it like raises my stress level
when I play their game some loose don't
want thinking about video games when I
was younger one of the number one games
that used to always always piss me off
was megaman every time I would play
megaman how we just always die always
the number one game that would piss you
off the most
I think Syphon Filter piss me off I
would die all the time in that game
think back to your childhood or
yesterday or just today right now what
is the one video game that you can
always remember getting so angry at
actually halo halo 1 yeah tell me in the
comments
it received we have any like common
common ground on that one just throw it
there everything yeah I just
alright so here's the good part now you
have to be the garage door opener think
of it as like the Temple of Doom alright
this is what this is the new game you
should start playing
Morrow is actually our one-year
anniversary you can wear my tuxedo and I
wear your dress so tomorrow we should
just do married couple yeah tomorrow
we're doing married couple things we're
going to the Home Depot
Home Depot very very domestic so we'll
see you guys tomorrow
on our anniversary have a good night and
bye
where's the SSC
giddy with y'all trippin
through it with charity
