good morning guys so today is our very
last day in Australia in Perth so right
now I'm gonna walk around and just kind
of wait and kill some time but I think
we're gonna go to the beach before our
flight we don't leave until it's 7:00 to
7:00 at night or something like that so
we've got some time to kill
actually in the meantime there's a
couple places I actually want to go city
there's this I'm gonna show you I'm just
gonna show you I don't want to explain
so I woke up this morning very excited
got up super super early whenever my
moms fed the dogs let them play took
them for a nice long walk went to the
gym came home and it did my portion of
the vlog took the three dogs for a walk
it was beautiful out it was like really
foggy and gloomy this morning and then
all sudden it was just like the weather
was beautiful I mean it was literally
beautiful like 83 the Sun was shining
spectacular this is a perfect day I'll
let the dogs play out back I'm gonna get
the vlog done early this is going to be
fabulous that's right this is like three
hours ago two hours ago maybe can't have
the dogs outside and bad thing about
Charles being over in Australia is the
time difference is so absurd so when I
was talking to him this morning around
like 9:00 it was about 10:00 p.m. he was
just going onstage and now he's trying
to get his clips over to me currently
and currently it is 12:40 9 p.m. so I am
going to be waiting the vlog won't be up
a little bit later today but bear with
us these things happen it's gonna get up
so don't worry it is a little
nerve-racking I'm not gonna lie that's
the the dilemma you have when like you
you vlog and you're on the road you
don't know if you're gonna be able to
get your clips up and you don't know how
long it's gonna take and the time
difference can create an issue pups now
you're gonna be hanging out for a little
bit I guess until we get his stuff I had
kind of a stressful day yesterday uh but
everything is better now everything is
organized I get a little frantic when I
get frazzled so excuse my craziness you
know what I'm not gonna pout though over
the day changing I'm not gonna pout
because you know what things happen and
you just got to deal with it and you
gotta go with the flow
all right so Frankie dunk and I are
going to cuddle how do you say the beach
then I'll go to the beach there we go
we're going to that beach just like last
time this time
Duncan is wearing less clothes I try to
just a program like the highlighters
that we've said beyond these are not in
the hoodie I know yeah yeah we're going
to meet up with everyone Frankie you
ready no he missed the best place that
you but the best arcade ever was around
an arcade did I play it some old school
games I played a video game from 1964
play 1960 ii have no keep that nokia
3310 with snake I do everything first -
snake yeah no you ever seen it win it
like it's funny if you watch it when you
complete it it's kind of an interest in
what you can please yeah what about mine
have you ever done minecraft minesweeper
sweeper yeah think I'd never beat mine
here's a fun fact the guy who invented
solitaire on that invented programmer
for Microsoft this is like a little
thing he was an intern and though he
showed it to Bill Gates Bill Gates took
it and never saw a dime yep yeah it's
like the super nice dude
like that McDonald's always I found it
yeah there's so much more intense than
the beachside it over in Adelaide nice
and windy just a little bit
where's your surfboard I'll go blunt
away baby the difference between this
good side of the beach and the side of
Australia and then the east side so the
East Coast was super warm really cold
really cold right you're used to the
cold it's it's cold dude you're from
Chicago it doesn't count you're from the
north you're terrifying me that crap
that rock is silhouette
what he's gonna grab look Chris here
from here grab it
this is definitely a nice way to end the
trip on the west coast beach of Perth
this is taking way too long
now is just getting lazy you could tell
you just walk it all over and Travis is
one determined person it's like a we the
King's crop circle you guys have two
walks today the pups got to walk say
it's just very good it's a good day huh
Faustino okay I love you and there I am
again with being in my a pretty much the
entire day I have noticed that since I
have been watching my mom's dogs it's
kind of taking up a lot of my time and
I'm in the car lot which I'm typically
in the car lot anyways but most of my
days consist of like driving back and
forth walking dogs and then doing like
my normal stuff anyway so I don't even
get to I've noticed that these past
couple days I haven't even had the
opportunity to go out and do something
completely crazy and different so I
really apologize for that I feel like I
have been doing really good this week
with like getting things done editing
the vlog and getting it up I did want to
say if you guys aren't set about title
yesterday I'm very sorry if you watch
the vlog he says that it's in there
that's all I'm gonna say I always feel
bad when you guys get upset but if you
just watch the vlog anywho but I've been
editing the vlogs and getting everything
up and you know just doing every
day-to-day things and I decided to treat
myself because I feel like I deserved
this this evening
first off editing my vlog I'm gonna put
that up probably tomorrow but I was like
you know what I'm gonna get myself some
sushi and some veggie rolls it's called
the shaggy dog and it's so yummy I
absolutely love it so I'm gonna enjoy my
my sushi I'm gonna edit this I'm gonna
edit the vlog for tomorrow I'm gonna
start my day all over again tomorrow at
6 a.m.
feeling refreshed and ready to go and
that's gonna be it hopefully it's an
exciting weekend because I know I gave
you a boring as helll week and I'm so
sorry about that literally the best
thing I've ever seen
you got this Casey hey if you got you
got a dog if I might scratch their
Sicily with a free beer all right oh
that's big dose those drop its gonna
make it bounce you got to be super
gentle just like an iceberg
backing up one more time alright so
we're going Disney World anyway welcome
to school bus you gotta pick your seat
I want a single so you go throw things
out the window right as you can see we
have this nice little cluster F that is
trying to get all our stuff from point A
to point B to Point C to point D but
possibly point E I have no idea so I'm
gonna go do that right now I just want
to say thank you guys so much for
watching today's video and I need to
give a couple shout outs to a few of you
CTFxC patrons first is Calypso Falkner
and Tyler Stillwell Sarah aka spooky
Kaitlyn Drake and the D uh Parente I
think I did that right Frankie actually
helped me pronounce that if it's right
good old Tyler Stillwell and Johnny
bullets Michael Kent and Elizabeth
Butler and of course I can't forget
about Nicole Lance anyway thank you guys
so much for being part of the CTFxC
patron group and have a great night I'm
thinking it's going to be a little bit
of a cluster F right now so yeah
everyone's freaking out so I'll see you
guys tomorrow thank you guys for being a
part of the patreon group and have a
great night see in the States
