good morning guys
you're leaving JFK right now heading
home
I left lying Bolivian literally like
lying around the air get the dress light
as one thing I'm actually pleased about
I can just get on one plane going to go
to Atlanta and still get home by 11
o'clock
hopefully hoping are what we did yes
this is my favorite part coming home
seeing my beautiful wife and four years
there they are
I know I know
nobody roll roll roll yeah there you go
he's trying to find a lizard that ran up
there were you trying to find that guy
yeah he's definitely above you you
sneaky smart little dude guess where
Elias one guess just one guess all I'll
wait I'll wait
I fell asleep the second I came home
fell asleep every time I get one of
those 6 a.m. flights I just get so
freakin exhausted a lot of people are
like always get the early flight so you
get there early it's kind of like when
you want to go somewhere and you drive
24 hours straight to get there you get
there early but then you end up spending
like an entire day sleeping we catch up
so it kind of like counters each other
it's the same thing with early flights
go super early I got home like by 11:30
in the morning which is awesome because
direct flights are amazing and
apparently there are more direct flights
out of Tampa which is something that I'm
pretty excited about on the flip side I
got home at 11:30 and I slept until like
2:30 because I'm so tired now as a
result I have to run around and try to
get some things done I couldn't find any
of the solar glasses themself so I think
I want to try to do the old-school way
with a shoebox and like a pinhole or
something like that it's not going to be
nearly as cool but unfortunately I think
that
sometimes they are only option because I
have no idea where else to get those
things and I've tried everywhere today
if you're watching this video tomorrow
for us because it's Sunday and I can't
miss nothing I'm so afraid because I've
read so many things about like it
screwing up your phone your camera or
even this thing so I got to figure out
how to do it without destroying another
camera
although destroying the camera in the
name of getting a total solar eclipse I
think will tide you one of the better
better reasons for a camera getting
destroyed but I think because sainty is
where it is I don't think we're going to
get what's called what totality I don't
think we actually get that which is a
huge bummer
for two reasons one you don't get to see
totality and two I don't ever get to
look up because that's the only time you
can actually see it if you look up while
gradually going
I guess you go people blind I wonder
this is actually a legit like curiosity
thing I wonder how many people onion to
move I wonder how many people are legit
got to go blind
after this total solar eclipse like how
many people are going to accidentally
because you know it's going to happen
like some people are going to look up
and they're going to end up hurting
themselves you know that's going to end
up happening I just hope it's a small
number I want also like pets if you have
if you're watching this before the clip
eclipse so I'm hoping you're watching
this because this is kind of a little
thing I thought out - with your pets
keep your pets on the inside because
although I don't ever remember my dogs
looking up at the Sun or anything like
that ever but at the same time not
letting them out and keep them inside
just in case one of the ding-dongs
decides to go that's kind of cool
they're so rambunctious and the funeral
Marly she literally runs everywhere
she's just run like she'd be like a room
one of those room bows just bouncing off
all people we didn't really even think
about it I wish we would have thought
about it is that we were in Wyoming we
were in Montana we were in the path of
totality I mean we had the RV we could
have gone anywhere but we did it was a
week a week too early had we done one
more week we could have been able to do
it so I'm a little bummed that we
haven't been
when I plan like any vacation all we do
is we could we kind of liked the idea of
spontaneity and just you know opening a
map and being like that that's pretty
much what we did with the RV trip but I
feel like that's what made it really
special for her and I especially I hope
you guys found this special too but I
mean her and I that's how we work how do
we planned everything to a tee like it's
like okay I'm Thursday we're going to be
here on Friday we're going to be here I
feel like the stress level would have
been through the roof because if you
don't make it by then you lose some
stuff it is about time that I trim this
up a little bit
Ellie's not a happy camper I've never
disliked wanted to go into a store Oh
big a bull in a china shop I've always
wanted to do it I mean I want to do that
I mean I don't want to break it but I'll
every time I see a bunch of like plates
and stuff like that I'm always like I
wonder how status they should get this
one so you can shave your back my back
isn't hairy and the least hairy back in
the world know something hey guys so
this is gonna be a little bit something
having a flashback it's been years
years to see give exceed the male
vlogger I think I've never done one that
you've never done one I we closed our
bail box Alma pale box years ago because
of traveling and moving we never had a
chance to kind of set one up but we set
one up finally I'll put a p.o box in the
description and we wanted to do mail
vlog so first off the honestly thank you
to everybody who actually very Center
you know you open it up and was like no
anticipation really yeah need ad okay
he's good
success who's this away for us to kind
of communicate with you guys and have
some sort of interaction you guys seem
to love mail blogs back of the day so we
figured might as well start doing again
yeah I get up and we are super surprised
already got a ton of stuff from you guys
thank you so much we've been waiting to
open it up until we got back from our
trip so alright and you go get right to
it this is from
Canada Great Britain those are some good
same thing so this is a letter from fat
h21 from England we're going to read
this a little bit later Matt thank you
so much for sending a letter like his
first line though I didn't know a way to
start that which conveys how much your
blog's inspire motivate and mean to me I
always wanted to handwrite this however
I know learning this building which
means without typing this you want to be
able to read it we've been watching your
videos for eight years
age 21 yeah that's got it like all your
teens this come from Brittany and
Brittany sent something to me which I'm
very excited about their liking this is
so cool very tippy are you sure those
are for me no they're not traitors I bet
you said hey Allie Allie mister where
these are at Lyra member these are only
for you hey Allie make sure that Charles
doesn't wear these thank you so much
Brittany these are actually these are
really really super soft super
comfortable and I'm not gonna lie when I
first had this package in and you
tweeted me I wouldn't found them and I'm
like oh my other and successful I had
not worn them yet because I would not
say I can't wear them yes it does I
found them and I open them up and
they're so soft so thank you so much
it's really unbelievably kind okay so
this is from Jenny our I think it's a CD
- Jenny reads 3rd I guess it's their new
album so you guys could all check that
out so also actually I kind of remember
her recognize her
yeah the opportunity to open up for
that's why that's Merida that's why I
recognize her go check it out guys Jenny
read music that's very very cool and you
were Delia have to check out your CV
I knew she look familiar it's config oh
thank you for sending that by the way
you guys have no idea we have gotten so
many letters so many letters from so
many of you and our favorite things to
do whenever we get these letters
especially like at the playlist any of
those some of this is we will sit down
at night and you'll read all of these
letters this is this one's actually from
Elizabeth G yeah from Rock Hill South
Carolina
thank you it's crazy to see where all
these letters of cargo this one is from
we in from Ohio Alisa Unger from Laverne
Georgia Salem Salem Morgan or again tons
and tons of awesome letters that you
guys written to us we all want to have
you breathing to do tonight
Arianna Dee I said Scotland but of
Scotland Pennsylvania which I did not
know existed
oh my god all right very honor right
here we met several times as you can see
in the photos if you don't forgot my
tattoos if you can tell I've actually
retweeted her quite a lot cuz she was
Eva Holly Knight yes I think a couple
years and I think all he was - she drew
me at the pink beard
Thank You major you owe us together
thank you so much these are beautiful
yes I don't have to take like sort of
thing where we start putting this kind
of stuff all right well you think about
it and like you can take a photo of
course it takes what about like when
people draw you out and how they
perceive you and because that search was
so cool to see if we took out every
photo I just put Canada everywhere fan
art everywhere nice of us it's like oh
concede as much that's like us like
having a mantle like one of those big
things over the mantel with it which
doesn't exist in Florida man will do
what Caleb's got a mantel get the shit
of the fireplace I well sure I guess it
just doesn't exist randomly well you
have a fireplace and fireplaces I don't
know why is that suppose we have a
mantel Travie medley atop fireplace I
think that's what a mantel is isn't it
it's the thing above a fireplace
why don't you see a shelf yeah baby I
don't know all right
I am not situations of what a mantel is
this is from Cal Kelly Nia
that's from Kelly yeah we make Kelly
looks at times - Kelly is really rad
Kelly G Shannon M Markham on that
Ontario Canada
now that handwriting beautiful I can
actually read this better than our
handwriting so impressive so she sent a
package already but there was nothing in
the description so if we find a package
with nothing in there we know it
sunshine Giovanna from Salem Orion
that's two not against a sample is it
the same way and this one's from Ashley
in from Humber Hubbard Ohio Vicky M from
Somerset Massachusetts I want yo be so
full troopers card you guys have awesome
awesome in writing how much so many
letters I can't bleep on me letters okay
so this one said you make me smile
risotto this one is from from D from
Wake Forest North Carolina so they get
to see the whole eclipse so that's our
fuel box number I keep forgetting we're
a few other ladies
oh good you know that was it a font
that's they know unbelievably beautiful
click Comic Sans their handwriting looks
like comics fans which is impressive you
guys don't want to be mine this is for
Maria Kay from Rochester we got one from
Mary P from San Antonio Texas to an ER
doctor that is exactly where nerd
Arkansas and then josh Josh M from
Altoona
so Ashley see from the colony Texas
didn't know that existed
I didn't either I've got a colony is
this another good handwriting any
cursive the fine art of cursive inner
top caramel caramel you dog things
Carmel I couldn't write in cursive
if I wanted to I guess seems like
curtain okay good dying art yeah it's so
deep your signatures a lot only thing
people use Kirsten for anymore
kidding how jumped over the moon Jim
Ashley's in colleges Texas a Oh
mmm Ashley I didn't do it Ali was trippy
well so pretty this is kind of better
than your wrapping usually Charles just
leaves it in the plastic bag of any sort
of things I gotta do this throw it up
nice and scraps like iron coloring book
oh my gosh it is so unbelievably nice is
one of those like beautiful coloring
book like adult coloring book but I
actually love these actually just bought
see what makes an adult coloring book
adult coloring book because it's just
not Batman Amy OH
I actually just bought like metallic
pencils I use it yeah this is so sweet
thank you so very much Carl I really
really appreciate this we have a
competition ally code is one and I'll
color one and then you guys tell me
which is better Victoria asked from New
Buffalo Michigan I thought that this
Buffalo New York and I love it like
hello Alex it's pointing this way here
supposed to cut something over here no
you know what's the safest box and make
this into the solar eclipse block make
the solar clips boxes so that we don't
look really good okay can't ever get it
open but can you please open me on
camera yes well just so happens that's
what we're doing all you need is cop
awesome mothers toys and puppies I got
it
Zoey Marley buddy want this which one
you want
pop rock blue rad more candy than any
human being should ever have to be
diesel what's what do you want
let's go with blue one on a guy so
either berry blue or toothpaste Patrick
take your bear blue no I got toothpaste
moldy cheese I don't know no no popcorn
or rotten egg
looks like that Oh need to face oh I
keep getting basic blue when I want to
place now
oh my god let Catherine pop rock sighs
what was that if you ever come and stay
for a week so here all this is also
things to do
the story of mint family fun food log
lodging shopping thank you so much
this is really awesome but we just going
way beyond what you should have done but
thank you I want to make sure I'm using
this little crap how do you later
I'm going to make you I want to make it
all in this I want to make a pink
lemonade one did it go like a shirt wait
you're still wearing her thin oh you
want to play weak you love le Pain look
I feel like if you just tell me telling
you for a smiling I would be so happy
this doesn't have any names
unfortunately I think it might have been
our friends today well this might be you
don't want from description this repent
like God is the nicest cool thing ever
that's going to help us out so much sure
we're walking them yourself like
Christmas play she's like why do I have
to keep up it it's not marry Robin haha
a little bad signal though yours all
fear
what a cool get Marley listen have open
up be silly yeah but put those away
specially do you want do you want
something go up it light it up your lid
look at that this is he's already
destroyed toiletry there Marley put up
these are so cool thank you guys so much
at last box she's diligent I love it
alright so this is from months indeed
okay this she's the one that Divya the
nail know the Florida nail cut up on our
kitchen counter well if you're got super
soakers because you know trying where
it's really inappropriate to be certain
yeah they're you know using that so
that's a more jellybeans you guys you're
going to I'm going to the dentist is in
a lot
coming up sewing Kathleen if you roll it
slide aah
it's a brain I don't know if you guys
can see it guess you just do this you
splat it you're Brian I'm strong enough
there we go there yeah I have no idea
what you're doing
bean balls oh my gosh tell about the
bean boozled well here's the good thing
now we have so many of these we can put
them in a jar and people will think
they're good jelly beans and we offered
you might wear you know this but do
remember when Charles got me that big
jar full of jelly beans when I got super
excited and then I put all the crappy
ones and then you mix it with all the
crappy ones so I couldn't even like
enjoy them and then a year to spend I
remember like I didn't have to like
spend like the entire time trying to
pick out the one I didn't even know what
one for what then well this could be a
good one I like to splat ball honestly
I'm so excited
and then my dreams were shattered so
quickly because I ate I don't even know
what one a it's terrible hi skunk with
squirt squirt Chris Brit Brit Brit okay
it's okay she's light on stuffing good
cook
want to see something real well girl ah
oh yeah oh yeah all right guys well that
is volume one or the first mail vlog
that we've done in 2017 or together
since we got the new P o box yes thank
you so so much I honestly this is
exceeded don't we ever thought the goofy
things that's what we love we were
seduced with your letters you love them
letters are you so many letters are even
I think one of the best things is like
hearing the amount of people that are
reading about the amount of people not
having watching you force it on yeah oh
my god yeah
sixteen and then BOOM I forget how how
long have been doing this and I
appreciate you guys make me fuel now
quaza Braun with the brand
right on guys this is Brian this is a
brand run I'm going to take that away
from you with baby D I don't know if
that's really funny
hope you enjoyed today's video if you
guys would want to check out our few of
us we'll put a link down there or not a
link I'm sorry I will put it in the
description below don't forget to
subscribe and thank you guys so much
again
and we'll see you tomorrow noise you got
a brain bye guys bye
you
you
and
you
you
