ready to go ready to go I'm ready to go
ready to go ready to go ready to go
ready let's go let's go ready to go
where'd he go no I want to go get coffee
that's sort of what I did I should take
his along better than 10 it's hot I'm
kidding I'm sorry are you kidding
okay so I flipped out on Charles because
this is the second day in the row that
I've walked out of the house without the
car keys and locked the door because I
thought he had him
so I freaked out I was like Charles you
loaded up the car and I gotta go all the
way I gotta go find a spare key I gotta
go grab the spare key I'm so annoyed so
Sir Charles ran all the way to find our
super secret hidden spare key which is
so annoying
because it's like not near the door of
our house I'm so Charles I said I was
sorry
so I so we're looking like I was looking
all around the house for it I couldn't
find the keys are in my purse right here
the entire time sorry I knew it was I
knew it was in the purse I knew it Zoe
I knew it why did you run all the way
around the house to get the spare key
then because some idiot told me to it's
okay it's okay
oh boy oh boy which he's a witch he
makes the plate just float on their
manic he is poppin today on Saturday all
right so I gotta find a couch for my
office what do you think any of these is
looking awesome it's gonna pour it Oh
what about this one
this one
the yellow one below the other one the
dr. Seuss one
whoever this one I could just get this
in the scrub makiato all the time it's
like amazing yeah I always get lost this
is trap you in here they don't want you
to leave until you buy stuffed animals
and a walk you don't need to walk you
already have two walks but it is such a
good deal so you just buy our panini pan
you don't get a pan looks like the Pixar
lamp fitted with a break it I want this
so bad where were you on the night of
November 3rd
you have an audience I have an audience
now were you the kid in class that got
thrown out because tomatoes yeah I would
like to do this and then points is the
next person you're me double hey don't
drop again I'm gonna drop him buddy
but nothing for the manager now
okay
villains escape double if ma I love them
remember when we got her a snake Austria
geez and drag this all over the place
she be practice get rid of it Thank You
shark I guess we're here all the twine
Oh get it this rope twine and we're here
all the time so you're putting together
your desk
Marley yes you think I'm not I'm not
walking in there I'm not gonna do it
typically on good furniture you would
glue things together yes Mikey furniture
I remember why it kinda looks like a
desk right here
tell me that that does not make any
sense
oh my god they all look the same
I'm not mad or that I'm bringing it I'm
breaking it baby and it's making me even
more upset because I'm not breaking it
intentionally that comes later how's it
coming I got two ends go inside your
white go hide come up you are such a cat
I'm just gonna keep walking on things
you don't need this ready that into
there oh that was close not at all it
was oh that was close all right take it
try to get out take it out and then use
the screwdriver to one
oh you're not finishing my census my
hands alright I'm on a mission I gotta
find some RAM for Ally's computer when I
was using her computer was driving me
crazy because I slowed it was so I'm
interested Heiser and like upgrade it
but
they don't have it here after you don't
mind yes oh we have it ah yes I don't
think I want to till I went they were
trying to install this and Pat tell her
it just seems she noticed the difference
although that would suck him that she's
still complaining that it's slow you
were not very installed it I think this
will work
why are you shoving me there's spider in
there that looks good
that looks really good hey Zoey give me
your full full thing come on up
Marley come on up come on up okay how's
it look but I can work with it I can
work with this that's okay I'm gonna do
some editing my mark so we uh we hired a
new editor hey guys though the editing
just got to be too much so we hired an
editor Thank You Marley you're doing a
great job so far I just want to let you
know that your headphones aren't
actually plugged in so I don't know that
you're gonna be getting any good audio
through there I'm gonna burp what did
you do it
I laughed on my nose so I am going to be
doing a like my own version of the bow
hair thing but I'm gonna just show you
guys how I do it since some of you guys
been asking so that's gonna be on my
channel a lot of you guys were asking
how to do little bow things so Ally's
making a video we're gonna shoot it
right now so right after this video it's
gonna be on youtube.com slash Ali for
all your girls in guys if you want and
are curious on how Ali does a little bow
in her hair it'll be up there she'll
show you how to do an hour
yourself all right yeah so I just told
Ali and Lauren to go out to eat for
dinner so I can do this all right I'm
gonna put this into this now you want
help
who wants to play a game well Charles be
able to successfully do this or will he
destroy Ashley's computer tell me in the
comments come on you guys got to have
faith in me come on I I used to build
computers shut down right that doesn't
make me sound like I know what I'm
talking about yes of course Charles
Schechter this should be easy the Rams
right there
she's just a little swap it right out
okay so I think I just have to do this
and this is the same time and it should
pop right out in there and should be it
cause it pops right out should be it I
think that's it everyone pray whoo oh
thank god it worked all right do a
stress test
let's close everything out and then try
everything try make a final cut and
photoshop's and so those are the things
you need the most oh my god you should
take five minutes to do that final five
yeah
now open up Photoshop to see if you can
do it like simultaneous better
oh whoops I just sent you a text message
open up messages quick quick respond to
a message everything good yeah this is
three adorable before you're so cute
Zoey's like no you're not allowed in
okay okay you're loaded just a little
bit though hey guys thank you so much
for watching the vlog I just wanted to
let you guys know that I just posted a
new video over on my channel it's a
tutorial on how to do the hair bow
hairstyle because a lot of you guys have
been asking in the vlog how I do that so
I decided to make a video explaining it
so please go over there and check it out
and if you have any other ideas for
you'd like to see me do four tutorials
that involve makeup or hair or style or
anything like that please go over to
that channel and let me know what you
guys would like to see me do because I
would love to make some more videos for
you guys also if you guys got the chance
to do that hairstyle please tweet me
some pictures because I would love to
see how it came out thank you guys so
much for watching we'll see you tomorrow
it's the other way though
yes
giddy with y'all trippin
with Dirty Harry don't forget to
