good morning guys well I gotta go pick
up some yeah that one's that one's so
when Zoey Marly and I were running all
of a sudden Zoey just poops while
running just shot out just like a
torpedo ran out of line it was
disgusting
and she did it rate on the freaking boat
would run over on the frickin thing I'm
just down the street
really honestly so gross Zoey I had to
go pick it up cuz I can't have that kind
of my hands oh I didn't end it pun you
laugh it up laugh it up sure all right
turkeys I'll be right back well anyway
aside from torpedo turds I have good
news for you guys
the CD of xmas sale was supposed to end
yesterday Friday or today as I'm
recording this a lot of people were like
saying that they don't get paid until
Friday's which is kind of a legitimate
concern so I felt bad that a lot of
people you know bi-weekly and we get
paid on Friday so we're extending it to
this Sunday 11:59 p.m. is when we're
stopping so the CTF Xmas sale is going
on until Sunday 11:59 p.m. at CTFxC bars
calm where you get the roflcopter shirt
and all the other fun shirts that we
have links down there description but
Sunday then we have to stop it okay
you guys persuaded me until Sunday but
then after Sunday we have to stop it you
wait
the Vandals see that you like me but you
don't like like me if you say that you
love me part
we should just be friends
friends shouldn't cheat other friends
like that you're not too friendly winter
every time I call the
I apologize for my horrific singing I
get it I know I should just stick and
play a guitar and bass but like honestly
the Vandals are like one of the few
bands I know all the lyrics I think I
know a lot of lyrics for strung out and
that's like my favorite them tattooed on
my arm but the Vandals for some reason
the way they write songs I just note
every lyric of every song it's just such
a sing-along
alright so a lot of people ask what kind
of music I listen to I'm gonna give you
the top a few bands that I really
started listening to and get me into
music
get me the punk and all that kind of fun
stuff first strung out obviously
starting out second AFI obviously Fi
third good rinse and fourth the Vandals
those are some bands you guys should
check out
oddly enough I think strung outs the
only active band last time I talked to
Hunter I think if I still on hiatus
which is kind of crazy the other day I
asked you guys which style of the layout
for the desk and this is the one that
won the new style which I have to say I
really really like it barley and Zoe
been hanging out and Zoe oh hey Zoe I've
been hanging out with me a lot more
maybe today we'll go for big ass bean
bag or a couch I feel so professional
watch the headcrab though I feel like
somebody's always just staring over my
shoulder just always watching me that's
crazy though right yeah that's crazy
alright I get the filler - look we just
topped 100,000 miles on the car oh and I
need to get gas oh it feel like
somebody's watching ooh that'll hurt the
ear job okay before we have fun I have
to finish uploading this video then we
can have all the fun you can roll and
poop and you can do all the things you
want to do deal okay wanna see ally
force nightmare and then I would have
spilled all these tomatoes come on eat
it just tomato would you like it we took
pictures because this is like a like an
anniversary dinner that we're out to
that my grandma wanted to pay for since
my parents and my university is only six
days it's just your anniversary
it's just my
and just hurry and Isaac so we took
we're taking pictures to send to my
grandma and let let me just show you the
pictures
so what was wrong with this new picture
like my dad Your Honor I'm Charles our
hammer my mom and I are applying if you
look at it both you and Lauren are
smiling that is that I are just so let
me go
it just makes us look drunk okay let's
take a joke
so besides the fact that for separators
in the flash and we shall see you on the
other side
so that is bacon and melon what is
prosciutto and what is ham thank you
bacon melon I don't know how this is
happening but every time I look up and
down those alleys cheating these aren't
all mine these were mine she just keeps
giving me Forks like a new fork every
like five minutes like we need another
for this I know right you know what I
think
I think the waitress is just working
with you this is why I was reluctant as
I was reelected in asking
you got to do it like this to say
something like that dr. Steve Brule
three-wide trying to do the most
unflattering angle possible
it's fancy jello hey I can't fall over
we just got back in alleys finishing up
or editing for a video and so he was
chewing on our bone and then Marley came
in okay Zoey look what I got you
it's a call he was the greatest daddy in
the world
thank you Oh suck it Marley I got one
too
that's what you call two happy bitches
Marley don't eat that
Marley don't eat that Marley don't eat
that
Marley don't keep eating that Marley
good girl good girl keep eating that
she's an idiot isn't she well he stopped
it right his dog is like a two-year-old
what get open your mouth you hiding
under your tongue I see you look at you
hid it under your tongue I saw it
look at that just like a kid you hidden
under your tongue you would eat it again
if I gave it back to you oh you beat the
game I have it the game
I beat the game yeah I beat again so if
you're wondering the way our vlog a
little bit short today I was editing and
doing my cinema and preparing for our
houseguest tomorrow and Charles he's
really excited as you can tell the game
miss bowtie yes I'm sorry
Oh what's all this yeah let's go for it
Marley I'm sorry I'm so sorry honey I'm
so sorry I hate you I hate you so much
Marley pretty much hates me right now
it's okay bro I'm sorry mom I didn't see
it on the floor it's right there I'm
sorry
come on Zoey you can do it I can see it
it's right there
come on we want a victory we want a
victory
we want victory come on Zoey
get it no dump out that we got a victory
up
it's like what the eff Marley wins
yes
giddy with y'all trippin
with just a theory
