so when I hear Ali's alarm going off
like five times this is how I wake her
up I send her creepy photos of me doing
creepy things with the I blue thing
drag-and-drop send well she didn't seem
to wake up so I guess we'll keep doing
this that well who told you the big bug
face was Colin well I gave you fair
warning
David David David ah yeah how's it how
does it feel that wasn't all right the
mission we should accomplished Ally's up
she's doing her CT effects cinema by the
way guys CTFxC Noma is now no longer on
Thursday it's on Friday we figured you
know like movie Friday and stuff it
gives you guys time to watch things on
the weekend speaking of CTFxC mo one of
the suggestions you guys gave about
these videos is that you wanted to see
like movie clips of things that Ali was
talked about in the video however I
thought of a funnier way to do this
instead of showing the actual clips of
movies Ali hand draws her interpretation
of the videos when she's talking about
it so it makes it a lot funnier for
example like this
and this and this anyway so what I was
going to say is that today is going to
be an awesome day because today is the
day we convert Lauren and Dennis my mom
and dad to the dark side
we got them Apple computers and I'm
picking them up now and we're going to
deliver them with Zoey the Christmas
turtle maybe a little what is it for
Mina I don't know what Charles is doing
he's making lots of noise I feel like
I'm filming Paranormal Activity oh my
god
charm Anna do you help do we need to go
through the front door probably tight I
can stop taking dilantin no seizure
activity in my brain from the EEG and
what is that please I don't know we have
wrapping paper I can get some we're
Justin Bieber it's early Christmas for
everybody ready for your other gift it
finally came close your eyes it's small
it's a sappy gift all right there are
magnets
come on the funnies oh babe those are
really awesome you're like you're like a
better
you're like a better woman than I am
like you're with their these are what
they look at that face that Marley's
making that is like I hate you so cute
it there we go the sexy sexy pumpkin
yeah you see me what I'm gone I love it
babe thank you
you havin fun up to lunch with Jessie
Zoey is actually the one who is trying
to find everyone around him
Marly realizes if she acts really good
she gets food was always gonna go order
for us which ones my car which ones my
car for this one I genuinely don't yes
this one I think that I have transcended
into heaven this smells show up here
they pay me they pay me to eat here okay
you can't quite possibly eat all that we
can help you can totally help you can
see where that priorities life so this
is a nice day okay that means come over
here I have food apparently where's that
Zoey
Marly look Zoey is flipping out with
this dog
I'm really cool the spider brother whoa
okay I see it
spider this is the scariest looking
spider I think I've ever seen their webs
are so weird-looking they get like they
have like almost like white thicker
parts that are like stripes and the
spiders are like orange spiky yeah this
is from Ali Justin and I for being
awesome supportive parents that's what
it's war we already we already robbed
the place we can't go back they're gonna
get really upset yeah welcome to the
dark side
oh hi Internet welcome to my house get
out of my house now you know welcome
there all the ports for fire
keep them closed
okay now open them going to class
meeting she's like now I want to play on
it thank you for being awesome parents
and supporting us and now you have no
excuse not to watch videos there you go
this is my mom's old computer I see it's
like Windows millennium and look it's
like flashing and everything this
Windows 95
time for an upgrade I never got I don't
even know how to use this hey Moe King
Moses what's up Moses he said is like
the epitome of a cat dog right Zoe there
you go clean baby aluminium baby
so is this you as a puppy like a small
you are you could have eaten yourself
that's right the computers today click
or double click click let's click once
there we go so now it's your first
computer your first mac computer you
have to make take a photo
and go to effects i'll make this whole
fat honky yeah no you're not escaping
you're getting in this get over here
alright Coby and I just take the like
that yeah yeah yeah oh do it alright
oh my god I gonna go watch Twilight look
at Ali's bow turn around
show them your bow you gotta go watch
Twilight oh my god guys like is the last
Twilight I am I am probably gonna cry
for five days that thing is she probably
will cry Marly and I are gonna watch the
die hard trilogy my mark
we can watch the national treasure
series okay we are on our way downtown
right now I don't know if I'm
embarrassed are excited to admit it to
go and see the final installment of the
Twilight series here you're not
embarrassed or excited okay maybe that's
what it is
Cheers Twilight team Edward Team Jacob
team at Red Team Jacob I've seen that
away much for you I'm team gentleman
Jedward Allie and Jesse went to go see
the new Twilight or the last Twilight
movie or whatever Twilight I want to go
see the Twilight movie and yeah they
wanted me to go
somehow I got out of that one so I'm
just gonna hang out with Zoey Marley
maybe a place we call of duty it's betta
drinks beer oh man stuff I'm kind of
proud of myself right now we don't
really have anything in the yeah we
don't really have anything in the
refrigerator right now I just want to
play by cops and just kind of chill so I
was like thinking about getting a pizza
but I resisted you got some fresh
vegetables
score one for resistance now let's go
play the resistance and play black ops
so before the movie Jessi
had a bet to see how many minutes it
would take for Jacob for Taylor Lautner
to show up on screen shirtless and she
said eight I said five and we were both
wrong it was longer than that but she
was seven quick closest without going
over so I guess she went for that I
think it was good I don't know I think
we're linked the part one of the
Breaking Dawn better
that's my oh we're gonna miss our yeah
you guys have to see the last part why
let me know what you guys thought about
it I thought I was okay there's a part
of the movie and it's not a boiler this
is not a spoiler okay so don't worry I'm
not gonna ruin anything you haven't seen
it already it's just this part where
what's me are the guys like the leader
the most hurry laughs so weird everyone
falling asleep oh you don't want this
pillow okay I'll take it away I finally
just got the phone call saying that I
don't have to date dilantin I that EEG
that I was doing revealed that there was
no seizure activity they want me to like
take stop taking the dilantin and then
go back and do another EEG but they're
pretty confident that it's over with so
it's finally over we got to do this guys
we're gonna do a collective high-five on
this awesome news eight one two three
okay it's just high-fived it was pretty
sweet
it just kind of goes for show you know
you have to take every day love every
day enjoy every day even if you have a
crappy day like yesterday was a crappy
day or whatever you don't find the fun
things in it you know what I mean like
it every day is gonna eventually suck at
one point it's just your job as a person
to like get through the suck and find
something cool right and remember guys
today's the last day for the 10% CDF
Xmas or whatever holiday you celebrate
sale so if you've been planning on again
some shirts do it now today's last day I
will see you guys tomorrow in the
comments secret phrase we haven't done
the secret phrase in a while just say
trippy speeds welcome to the dark side
since we just get them the dark side the
computers and stuff but uh alright I'll
see you guys tomorrow good night
worse psst
with trippy
with Gianelli don't forget throw anymore
