hey guys good morning today fucking
sucks I'm sorry I don't mean it sucks I
hate to be negative about things like
that but it's just I woke up this
morning I can't lie to my shoulder
literally can't go higher than this I
must have really slept on it really
really bad I feel like crap I think it's
because I didn't sleep my nose is all
stuffy my head hurts I just feel sick so
it's just one of those days where I'm
just crappy crappy crappy I don't want
to go I don't want to complain about it
though I'm not gonna complain about it
I'm gonna go for a run with these twerps
and try to like feel a little bit better
I'm pissed because we were supposed to
go to Busch Gardens today so I just I
just told a lie to go I wanted to go but
alas it had I had to start feeling
crappy on the day we were supposed to go
so well I got a text message days
looking up
screw it ah I can't block with this
thing for kept that huh if I were to
vlog with my right hand today it's gonna
probably be like this unless it gets
better
hey guys what's going on we're just
saying you know we're just vlogging the
most flattering angle ever text leads Oh
am i early level thought this was the
kangaroo pen it owned the dogs
yeah that's right maybe that's like the
pet hideaway
this is a game changer puppies in there
oh maybe they are part of the show maybe
I guess then okay so how does it feel to
be five feet away
how can someone be so comfortable
sleeping on dirt look you guys it's
Natalie Portman oh yeah so nice oh yeah
got it kinda reminds me of the dog from
- stupid dogs
that's an email that is so quite there -
straight out and flex and point
hey guys but on your head he's a total
Butthead we're gonna play a game it's
called seeing-eye puppy and we're gonna
see for these two I'm gonna keep my eyes
closed I'm just gonna see where they
take me I'm gonna run into something I
holy crap didn't run into that car okay
that's the grass
this is the ultimate test guys four-way
stop let's try not to kill me sir car
coming oh my god
I made it coming for you and I'm coming
for you no you don't have to wear the
seatbelt I am gonna crash some people I
wish there was a horn on this thing
roads where we're going we don't need a
bad driver lady
oh my god when you go to hit someone we
like push harder like you're gonna hit
them harder sorry for the myspace angles
so much it's just that I'm actually
using the camera to cover my eyes I
forgot my sunglasses who knew the
myspace angle it was a practical thing
baby rhino baby rhino Oh tree damn you
look it fell off our tree listen to this
I don't know if you can hear it but
let's listen if this fell on somebody's
head that could destroy somebody's face
yo what's up with the ears I'm trying a
new style as you can see I driving the
boat of a car you know what since there
was crappy I'm gonna I'm gonna get a
public sub that's it that's it that's I
think that's gonna I'm just gonna give
the I'm just gonna give the middle
finger to the bad day get a public sense
of coffee you know what maybe I'll get
you know ooh big day I think that's a
really good luck for you do you like
this I'm actually seriously considering
buying the sad because it's probably the
most ridiculous thing that I've ever
I look to have little snowmen that are
melting in the Florida Sun way to give
you some perspective on how tall they
are
they're crouching down what asshole
parks here oh wait it's my car I'll just
blame it on the fact that I don't know
how to drive this car you know it's
funny every time I go to eat or drink
something like 30 seconds later I'm like
oh there's a cookie it's God of cool
it's kind of like a little like a
hamster pouch if you will which begs the
question guys after this hole no Shave
November should I shave it what do you
think we're all like 15 days in there
halfway through so that's gonna be burly
what do you guys think shave it or keep
it I haven't named it yet so if I have
to get rid of it it won't be that bad
but I'm pretty close to naming it okay
we're ready
really listen man I just I love you and
I just want you to know how much I love
you so hold still I'm trying to tell you
no don't touch me I don't want to look
at you please and just don't talk to me
I know you're gonna leave me again no no
see you left me again I told you that's
exactly what I just said you're gonna do
idiot so and the drunk gaming episode
when I uploaded it a lot of you guys
noticed that there was these like weird
green flashes thing if you didn't notice
it don't worry it doesn't exist if you
didn't notice it a lot of people were
saying that the the HD PVR thingy is
dying I have to go try find one that we
can replace it with for next Tuesday all
right of course you're sold out
apparently it's only HDMI and I don't
think our Xbox is we have 2x boxes and I
don't think any one of them HD they're
converter or don't have to like get any
wax dogs dumb is this what this doesn't
even have HDMI either no no no I'm so
confused
and a tree dangit trees come
the females yeah that one Whoopi
Goldberg they just look so like jerky
yeah they just look like they're gonna
mess with you
they're like little mean Jokers for
their dogs right type of dog or like a
canine I guess some kind of canine cuz I
was always confusing only when I was
little that the Lions are cat family and
then hanging is I guess our dog family
that is the third example of loving
between the animals that we've seen
today Ellen
Oh Ellen I'm digging I'm digging I'm
digging it up digging digging take it
take it
throw it dig it like it take it take it
I don't know where I'm going I'm just
going what what
oh really
it's November 15th well lesson learned
cherrylle always read the damn box I
think it's fine he sees when you are
sleeping he knows when you're awake
he knows when you've been bad or good so
be good for goodness sake Santa that's
creepy look so evil no that's a vulture
yeah
since you guys were so hopeful with the
whole big-ass bean bag rich couch thing
which by the way I got to go to the
store I'm gonna see if I can find maybe
both I have another thing this is my
current set-up right maybe if I move
this this way it'll have more of an
office feel like I could face this way
so that way I can actually see the
openness and I won't be looking at a
wall this is what it looks like now my
voice just cracked puberty sucks guys or
like this you know that way it's like a
little bit more like professional you
can be like you know take a seat come on
come on take a seat my office my lovely
office just comes to town right there
yeah what do you think I'm in the
comments do you like the the new way or
do you like the old way I was gonna hate
this now I kind of like a little bit
more ooh there we go take it up a notch
take it up a notch
what's wrong Joey why aren't you in the
office oh if you if you notice there is
not a big-ass beanbag yet kind of need
that they didn't have their computer
wasn't ready though what it wasn't ready
I just got that no I went in and the guy
was like oh yeah sorry it was that same
guy Jim who like helps with lost time
Marlene just jumped up and walked
directly in front of the camera they
really well know they just thought it
was the screw thing again it wasn't
right
oh I left it I left it at up at the
store why would you leave profile okay
now let's see what Miley thinks through
your hat
if the Flamingo must eat me so be it
I'm scared yet no feels good keep going
is that why you have Zoe protecting you
right now well Ali is starting to watch
a scary movie so shut the doors and turn
up music and pretend like it's not
happening
because I don't like scary movies right
what's that what is it oh my god oh my
god and it's to help oh you came to
protect daddy no I'm here I'm here I'm
your Ghostbuster I'm gonna go to bed
before Ali starts freaking me out
I'll sneak house tomorrow good night
yes
with trippy and alley
it would be an early don't forget
