hey good morning guys look at this look
at this we just finally finished it's
4:30 in the morning and I just want to
show you how many thoughts
Zoey's given it's actually better the
lights like I'm so tired
oh my man oh man out Zoey
well little mare mare Zoey you're drunk
go home she's gonna go for some dental
work hey no no ma'am it's okay ma'am
it's okay we're just gonna okay check
out your incisors here okay it's
beautiful is that her let's check out
your tongue okay let's get a good look
at this
okay that's your tongue great yeah I
just want to get a good look at that
okay not man please don't remove your
glasses while I'm working on your mouth
I never great Charles but I'm gonna
start now here's a llama there's another
I'm another little lava fazil of a bunny
love I love I love hours of the day are
solid in a gang what I never saw the way
the earth lay the rig I was only three
is there but it doesn't air and unless a
little child to the face around anyone
else watch that okay
I'm track so like 6:00 in the morning
I'm gonna go to bed good morning good
night good more good mining night but
what did you just ask me what I want for
lunch was that a real question oh no way
uh-uh
son why hello again well I've been
editing through the night right now I'm
on 3rd video right now I don't know why
I didn't think about before by turning
in my computer to get it fixed just
before this Alex computers a lot slower
mind I was able to turn out like 4
videos in like 2 hours this one it's
going to take
six or seven hours for that so it's
taking me quite longer to get this thing
done
if you haven't checked out this version
of drunk gaming oh geez I'm like like
this I feel drunk just from being tired
if you didn't see this version of drunk
gaming on Ali's channel make sure to
please go watch it took a long time and
uh you know I did it for you guys
dillydallyin I gotta get this stuff done
you know it's really funny I haven't
drink any coffee yet I think I might
help come on I'm gonna throw you the
pool with drinkable who okay husband oh
I believe you heard about the witness me
breaking a Macintosh I just heard
Charles in the other room going Zoe dad
she's gonna go crazy he's gonna go
fucking crazy daddy's gonna lose it I
have this spinning beach ball
aye aye I'll use any computers this is
ridiculous then he told Zoe she could
pee on it she could are Kelly my
computer he's going crazy
oh so you're half camel they drink the
whole ball of water Oh we'll go throw up
now I throw up here why are you doing
this to me spinning beach ball of death
I miss my computer you guys want to know
something really gross you know you
might want to do ear muffs on this I was
just editing I was doing the thumbnail
for yesterday and all that stuff and
waiting for everything else to export I
sneezed and a piece of cheese came out
of my nose remember yesterday when I lie
through that little cheese doodle at
Neffe my back-row need cheese at my face
apparently got stuck and since that so
there's that uh hurry up so the vlog is
finally exporting and I have to do the
other three of the call of duty - I miss
my computer so much right now I have a
confession to make
those holiday pies that I love so much I
totally cannot eat them because I get
very sick and my intestines are not
happy with me I'm just gonna leave it at
that they do not treat my body well and
they're really probably terrible for you
so you know what it's a good thing Thank
You body for telling me that I should
not be eating that stuff even though
it's delicious and amazing and I wanted
every day
alright we got that rendering then we'll
go over to my office hey we get that one
rendering now we gotta get one more
rendering I have to rebook that computer
up as you can see I'm still trying to
get everything together in this office
and everything was detached using my
brain using my brain though there are a
lot of rule isn't driving that I will
admit that I have broken before I don't
always go to speed limit I try to go to
speed limit when I can one thing that I
have zero tolerance for is people who do
not stop at stop signs there is no
reason why you should not stop at a stop
sign just stop at stop sign it's so easy
and then you won't get any dumb tickets
and then you'll never have to be mad at
it yo Birds knock it off so many options
right now what is so good down here let
me smell let me smell I don't smell
anything
I don't nothing smells like grass you
guys are crazy
what do you see dude no just like stop
moving your ass Carol come on stop
moving you're gonna scare oh look at him
go again go get him
alright both you can go go I was
distracting me from what I should have
really been looking at which was the
fact that there is Christmas stuff up
and it's not even Thanksgiving yet every
single year it gets earlier and earlier
and people are just like putting out
Christmas stuff it's like a competition
between all of the companies to see who
can put out Christmas stuff first it's
like every single year it just gets
earlier and earlier and earlier earlier
earlier that's hard to say three times
that are earlier and earlier
so we've been here about a year now
right and I run pretty much every single
day that I'm home I've never met any of
our neighbors or any of our neighbors
dogs or anything like that today I went
running and I met three of the
neighbor's dogs one of which was a rat
terrier Marley still taller and four of
our neighbors all while looking like
this like a complete bum I wonder what
they think of me how I always put these
things properly back right I look at
this I do this tape it do all that fun
stuff but it always comes out like this
like is it
is there like it's like a little elf or
gnome that just goes and goes and just
like ties everyone's cords together look
at this I don't know how does this
happen it just sits in one place who
does this like what I'm getting he's
gonna see this so here's a funny story
you know that game that I just bought
today well my brother informed me that
he has a copy of the game and he will
entertain whenever I want so I'm gonna
return it now today was a pretty
stressful day but look at this I feel so
accomplished I don't think has been like
this since we moved in look at that I
have an office needs a couch I think I'm
a big couch or a giant beanbag well you
guys think should I get a couch or a
big-ass beanbag so I'm gonna go to the
store really quick you want to see how
much I care about my parents you want to
see it's just the worst ever this is
like I'm on tour wearing the same
clothes cuz I'm already dirty and look
at these socks check out these socks hey
guys let's go to the water park well I
just went for a little Drive just get
some air and so my guy and I just met
neighbor five and six I never met so
many neighbors
they want to do my neighbor so you want
to surprise are you serious
they will get a gift card from our
wedding that we never used so I got a
new you throw a new couch pillows for
Zoey Zoey yeah Zoey you can make him
nice and stinky like the other ones
awesome she's like I just rather make
these stinking she's that way she
looking at you licking it
so where's where's my surprise yeah
where's my little bomb Charles is going
to bed he's been awake like all day
editing my drunk gaming videos which is
awesome and they were a little bit late
today and we're sorry about that but you
can go and check them out we have some
links in the description below so you
can go and see we've got three separate
episodes for black ops 2 because we
wanted to do the zombies mode we want to
do the online multiplayer and we wanted
to do a little bit of the campaign for
you guys so I hope you guys enjoy those
videos they were really fun to do I
really like the game I didn't get to
play that much into it but I thought it
was pretty cool so go ahead and check
out those videos and let me know what
you think and be sure to subscribe to my
channel thank Charles for doing all that
hard work because he's look he's
literally like hasn't gotten more than a
couple hours of sleep in the last like
two days he's been like planning all the
stuff and editing and everything so he
did a really good job all that stuff as
always and also I just wanted to remind
you guys that you only have two days
left actually wait for when you're
watching this video yeah two days left
sorry I always get confused with that
check out our merch site CTFxC merch
calm we're having a little sale it's ten
percent off of our merch and so if you
guys wanted them for christmas like for
gifts for your friends or for yourself
you can beg your mom or your grandma or
your sister or your uncle or whoever
just bang everyone you guys can get one
of our shirts for a little bit off which
is cool we just figured we do like a
little CTF Xmas
or whatever holiday you celebrate sale
link is in the description and also it's
just CTFxC merch calm it's pretty easy
so go and check out all of that before
the sale ends on Friday and thank you
guys so much for watching today's video
I hope you enjoyed it and hopefully
we'll get more Charleston tomorrow all
right guys we'll see you know why I love
you guys okay well here you go guys
here's all three videos that I was
working on the call of duty black ops 2
you guys asked for three versions we did
the multiplayer the campaign and the
zombie mode don't worry there's no like
you know spoilers or anything like that
so you can go and watch it and enjoy it
so yeah that's what I was doing all day
and all night so I hope you guys enjoy
it please go watch it the links in the
description as well and yeah I will see
you guys later enjoy this and don't
forget to get your merch before Friday
alright bye
psst
with trippy
with charity
