was it another day sample bubbles yeah
I'll get you all right you little twerps
I've been been able to find my sandals
in about three months now and I think
maybe one of you have eaten them why
don't you want to look at me did you eat
my shoes so today is November 12 2012
and I just have to say never forget on
this day in 1955 the Clocktower 5th the
fights the chase
everything November 12 1955
okay so we'll talk about what movie
we'll talk about please tell there's one
of my all-time favorite movies really
high what if I hit this place you will
love this button I will seriously kill
you I will kill you I will I stop I'm in
a boss fight stop
Charles stop okay now you can go cuz I
beat him
I got the idea to get a bunch of these
like you know like when you go to a
guitar store they have them like on the
wall and stuff like that I want to try
to get a bunch of those so I can put all
my guitars on the wall and then that way
they don't get broken and you know kind
of looks cool so I think I had one of
those when I when I was living in my
parents house when I was still in high
school but I just can't remember where I
got it okay I think I got enough what do
you want to help me with you little
seagull no hope all right we need you
need you need that and we need this Oh
dropping them dropping
Oh Christmas tree get a song a plan
that's that's the song I would you with
are you still wooed Christmas tree you
got I forgot the screwdriver I don't
know
gotta get colored because I got to paint
my office now what color stimulates the
brain will should we go with the Browns
the Reds Reds vo I'm not color Brian
look I'm a cold brined my cold Brian the
greens Kobe what this is for mama trippy
thank you very much hey we got Wiggles
hey ready go get the jack oh god oh god
he's gonna go to the pool boat I said oh
go we go Kui no don't do it Joey no no
no no no no no no you think come on guys
excuse me sir sir
Tyson lizard craziness this is why we
have girls Tyson is the only dog
Marley's ever really liked was watcher
oh I do like you ever got about that
I get amar
I noticed that when I Drive with Zoey
just hanging out the window like this
and I look at people just staring they
though you Marley they get the most
laughs I've ever seen people see them
like every adult is resorts to like
their five-year-old self when they see
Zoey Marley like head out the window so
cute all my years of playing video games
he's coming coming to real life we were
trying to avoid an accident so I'm just
using that like the navigation and just
these are like Grand Theft Auto you know
when you need to get to the final point
you just look through the map and try to
find a shortest way totally doing that
right now
it's a real-life GTA right so we got to
go this way oh god oh my god those
people went that way crap you know what
you know what look trust my dress my god
here what trust my god this is stealth
Charles activated
I think he's always about to sneak up on
you the unsuspecting victim prettiest
reason she won't see you it's like a
t-rex was that game that on the NES it's
like bass fishing and like you got to
sneak up on him feat if you if you pull
too hard they swim away I think Charles
has as much fun at the park yet as the
dogs
guy that's attractive Riley so I think I
might have found the solution to all my
poo problems when I walk around in the
park just wear rain boots that way if I
step in poo its rubber and I can just
clean it right off all the time mm-hmm
I call Wilfred will like Wilford Brimley
he look like Wilford Brimley he looks
like it hurts do something cool sorry
I'll be adorable be adorable
Oh totally we got to remind you guys
earlier but there was only four days
actually what'd it say - there's only
three days left of the the CTF Xmas or
whatever holiday you celebrate sale
where you get 10% all the t-shirts and
the tank tops like shirts like this
there's only three days left it stops
this Friday if you guys want to take
care of it now before you forget we can
do a pause face we can pause the video
okay just get ready to pause it ready
one two three
okay I don't know why my pause faces are
we so scary but yeah go to CT MXC merch
that calm guys there's only three days
left and then the sale is over
completely over my wieners on fire you
just seconds ago they're chicken wieners
you know what I'm starting to think I'm
like one of the cleanest cooks I know I
guess when you're melting butter I put
that over there sort of splish splash
everywhere everything's clean as I'm
doing it that's pretty pretty meat and
Titan is because I'm a German fake
that's what it is cuz I'm a germ freak
oh my gosh that should be a food
challenge do a shot of butter I don't
know what to call this I just started
making things so it's like chicken
sausage green peppers red peppers
jalapenos onions sweet onions and
parmesan and marinara in the comments I
want you guys to come up with a name
because right now all I have is awesome
wiener surprise that's all I happened
yeah I don't really want to make this
for somebody really hey guys would you
like some of my awesome wiener surprise
although so if you have a better name
let me know in the comments would you
like some of my wiener surprise
see this it sounds good but if I say
that does it
okay please sir can you use your giant
man powers to open the soda that you
tightened way too much in the first
place you need my manpower I'll do with
my feet no you will go straight I did it
there you go
patron know what saving do it wow this
is your computer you just do it at your
computer joke's on you
you're never gonna get close oh that was
so close
that was left-handed for anybody who
ever said don't play with your food they
don't know what they're missing teach
your veggies RJ oh yeah look at that man
dedicated man check it out you got a
sandwich there but he's editing instead
of eating that's dedication that's
dedication know that edit no she's doing
the art I don't know if you guys can
hear it but yeah training I wonder how
this whole blacktops pre-order is gonna
go now if you guys it know we're doing
an all night release of black ops 2 for
drunk gaming which is live after this
video like kind of like what we did with
the halo 1 then I'm gonna stay up all
night and I'm gonna edit it so the by
the time this video is live you can go
watch it it's just gonna be on
youtube.com Sasha Ali so you're gonna
watch both of those so yeah we just
basically now we have to just wait it's
like 9:30 whole lot of waiting well that
line was way longer than no one oh your
head pretty low I don't know I assume
that halo kind of still had some
momentum and I'm sure for something evil
a dust but it seems like black ops 2
it's kind of kicking halos ass right now
I think there's a lot more advertising
but that wasn't even the line we're
going to Best Buy
what actually this guy's would have to
be disguised and like a troop of blue
areolas they're like in our swampers
still working hard I didn't actually I
don't actually like this game I just
wanted a poster well you got a poster
that's why I came here cool looks we can
leave right now we good on the line
bird and the cattle
talk to the public see truncated yeah
he's a guy actually handed the games and
then after I made like this awesome cool
guy exchange with one of our viewers I
tripped on Justin as I was washing away
all right get ready get ready
break out the a K since a lot of you
guys like the fact the last time we did
a solo of a multi player and a single
player black ops actually has campaign
multiplayer and a zombie mode we're
gonna do three versions of black ops on
Ali's channel they'll be a menu system
at the end of this video or you could
just go to youtube.com slash Ali so if
you guys think this is fake as you guys
can see they're still playing black ops
right now so I'm gonna take a power nap
while I'm doing the filming and then I'm
going to start editing so at the end of
this video you can watch all the videos
but yeah I will see you guys tomorrow
make sure to go to CTFxC march calm so
that way you can get all your your gear
for the next three days that's all we
have and took 10% off and yeah I guess
I'll see you guys tomorrow
enjoy the drunk gaming and yeah I want
to look to get power now I'll see you in
the way hey guys so I haven't got the
sleep yet but the good news is the
awesome black ops 3 part series of the
campaign zombie mode and multiplayer are
online now so just click right here just
click on all three of these and check
them out links are in the description if
you're on a mobile device or something
but yeah go check it out guys I'm gonna
drink a lot of coffee and then fall
asleep or maybe fall asleep with a drink
I don't know what I'm going to do kind
of delirious but I will see you guys
later
go enjoy the videos and I'll let us know
what you guys thought about black ops 2
is it worth it or is it pretty hyped up
alright bye guys enjoy the videos
see what he did
Harvey waiter
worse
giddy with y'all trippin
it would be an ally don't forget Zoey
