hey pool girl my wife's not home you
want to clean the green off my sides
pickup lines that will never work up
with the chlorine in the pool yep why is
it yellow
I always thought Klein was white like
bleach wouldn't it be funny if the
practical joke the guy at the chlorine
store was just peeing in these and
selling his pee would be priceless
hey it's actually your pee you just been
playing a practical joke on us I was too
lazy to go get Starbucks I made my own
it's better time for round two ah so
that's how copies made just fix your
head and you get this come on level it
out level it out all right today I'm
going to try to clean my office now how
do you open this come on it's pretty oh
I knew that okay so today we're doing a
mail vlog and cleaning this I think I
can do this in today's video I'm gonna
teach the men how to swim the ladies all
you need is a guitar and I will show you
several songs on how to swim the ladies
lady lady would you like to be soon swim
swim swim soon how to pick up ladies now
sit down let me swoon you shut up go
over there so I can swing go over there
so I can swoon you I can't properly
swing you when you're over there the
passage how to properly swim a young
lady
woo woo a young Lake
shut so the first song I ever loved by
letters
so if your counterpart isn't properly
wooed yet I have another song
this one is Oasis wonder well
so if she's still not wooed on the
one-to-ten scale okay we gotta bring out
the big guns
thank you what on a wood scale I'm like
a 9.5 see with those three songs you
could successfully woo a girl I'll have
more for about the for later in the
video
hey where did you get that that hip
turtle right there huh that vlogging
that vlogging turtle is he vlogging
don't hurt him he sits right there all
right no more dilly dallying that was me
just pretty much trying to distract me
from the mess at hand
it says Oh Gabrielle send something for
you guys as an extra brain cell just in
case I lost any it wants to chew it who
wants to chew at daddy's new brain cell
you want it as googly eyes see this is
the kind of stuff that makes me wish
that I were still small like a kid
because they engineer such cool stuff
for kids by the way I know this is
totally random I just happen to be in a
bay HOTAS which is another one of my
least favorite places on earth but they
have a lot of like stuff that's
inexpensive so that's better fit check
this out look at all these cute things
like I want a giant pink Doris yeah but
they don't make that for adults okay we
have to make sure that we don't show
this to Charles okay Charles avert your
eyes if you're editing this video don't
look at the videos live why did you say
that because they have on my phone win
woody what did it do excuse me mom look
could I trouble you for some ghoul a poo
poo now he is completely obsessed with
it and eats it on all of the sandwiches
every single time he makes the sandwich
and I make a sandwich and he asks me do
you want to eat unless her nice ain't no
he kind of panics a little bit and it's
like the joy understand you don't care
what you're missing like I said we were
gonna be doing a mail vlog a little bit
later but I've been finally able to get
around to like some of the cards like
there's been piles and piles of cards
and a lot of them from when I had brain
surgery and I was just reading some of
the cards that I received from you guys
they're so freakin adorable sweet I just
want to say thank you to anyone's ever
sent a letter I it's hard to put
everything in the mailbox because they'd
be hours and hours and hours long I just
want to say I do read them I'm literally
sitting
for the past couple hours reading all
these letters and I really really truly
appreciate it guys it's kind of crazy to
think how fast the years gone by since
the surgery or just in general since the
wedding and all that just want to say
thank you guys very very heartwarming
guys are awesome
consider this some of your good deeds
for the day how about that by the way
didn't one do a good deed yesterday come
in the comments what you did if you sent
a letter then that'll be considered one
oh my god oh my god what is it doing
what is it doing it moves I jump and
spin oh it isn't like Marley I jump and
spin Oh Oh God
see if you can find the end you can
pause the video if you want did you find
it
Halon find it okay this is what I'm
gonna get my mom for Christmas one
direction of the game possibly what
these are like chocolate Pringles look
at the shape of them I know we've been
promising it for a while so we're gonna
be doing a mail vlog today after this
video there'll be a link so you can go
watch that video or there'll be a link
down there in the video description
what's that where's your shirt well
thank you honey thank you so at the end
of this video we'll be a link to the
mail vlog so we're gonna start this now
I think Zoey is already looking for the
toys all right this one right here this
one right here so we just finished doing
the mail clock I kept hearing this noise
look at silly
is something under there here do I need
to help you oh it's a tiny tennis ball I
can't even get a Zowie no this gotta
hurt I can't reach it
I see what she was doing yeah yeah a guy
we do have a broomstick somewhere
Oh what is your problem hey just smack
it out about your bear all right so I
wanted to get ready for the live show we
had yesterday at CTFxC live.com and
there's this girl named Julia she's on
there so I wanted to send her some bling
so I can send her a little bling right
now see if she freaks out she was
holding down the fort before we went
live oh I got the ultimate boos I'm
sorry should I ride this out
come on if you were married
that is it guys that is how right who
says you can't have french toast for
dinner not Thai yeah that's not gonna
happen mom are horses oh no Marley you
got to do it this way
you got to wag your tail a little bit
okay okay Lou try it again okay is that
working it's been a while but we did a
mail vlog guys so click right here it'll
take you right to it otherwise the links
down there in the video description so
yeah go check out the mail vlog and we
will see you guys tomorrow
some pretty cool stuff in it actually so
alright go check it out guys bye
yes
giddy with y'all trippin
Cinthia
it would be an alley
