and welcome to the 75th annual how many
male vlogs have we done ready for male
vlog so eight Marley capixaba it's been
a while but we've some extra time today
and that we've decided to do a male dog
Zoey Marley I picked their prizes and I
think we're ready to go is that one from
kind of want to show this just the way
that this is packaged it's a beat the
bus I bet you there's beats in there
it's the best boxing state got us these
little like public popsicle or a lolly
chocolate you can make milk chocolate
and mold it into these mold and there
must actual that's funny cuz okay look
at this this is from we get it right
here this is from Hannah from California
she sent a handlebar so you're gonna
open up wine and then when you do it you
get mustaches that's what I have no idea
of all these mustaches came from this is
from Devin from Pennsylvania
we the monopoly ha We The Kings version
Oh a We The Kings version oh my god
monopoly here Lucy Cameron Coley's
chance
Danny's broken wrist Charles is
brainslug pay $100 this is up Danny go
to jail this is awesome
I think that's her Twitter if you guys
have a QR code reader so this package is
from Meghan s from Massachusetts and she
sent us a really nice letter and turtle
salt and pepper shakers which are wait
you're not supposed to put turtles on
their back no they go like that and then
you shake and then you shake them up
sighs haha poor turtles leave them on
their backs this is from Doreen from
Canada carnage ah over going Zoey I know
you gotta go peepee oh my gosh what is
that
Oh what is that bunch of energy
bracelets and our box oh here we go some
guitar strings
that is crazy thank you so nice thank
you okay look what else was in that
package I should draw like I should draw
eyes on the top of my finger and make it
like a
puppet this is awesome this is from
Monroe from California there are like
balls like return balls the ones that
you throw you strap on your wrist and
you throw and it comes back for all the
guys in the band so that if for some
reason they're not around to play catch
with each other they can play catch with
themselves that's a very creative and
Road friendly thing Thank You Monroe all
the way from Indianapolis from Bethany
oh thank you so much that's a beautiful
drawing I like the finish do you guys
remember when we got free fast I guess
it was a couple years ago before we
actually played that same grounds and I
put that band in there one of the CTFxC
er their band that actually got to play
the stage clear for takeoff and they
sent their CD and everything and check
us out they have wings like Delta see if
we get the camera now you hit me hit the
camera there we go the more that I know
control this is from Carolyn from
Indiana studies and really cute little
like door hangers that she made this is
from Haley from New Jersey by the way if
you were hit by the hurricane I hope
you're okay and everything Ali's having
fun with the little ball but with balls
so cute this is from Sarah from New
Jersey as well this is from Presley from
Colorado
she's already discovered of a way is
that Desiree it's the plush puppies shut
up just give it to me I will make
dinosaurs extinct again I think that's
me is a zombie I'm afraid for Sambi this
is really cool because it I'm afraid for
zombie I can't remember how many male
vlogs ago but we talked about this like
comic strip a comic book called Terror
clowns and the guy wanted to put us on
it he also has another one called legacy
pretty freakin awesome
but if you look on page I think he said
7 he put CTFxC on the on the wall so
I'll back in the vlogs Ali wanted
army men because she wanted to play with
him you were that remember when you
wanted army men and to this day they're
still in the packaging because I she was
like Omar what are you gonna do with
them well Megan wanted to prove me wrong
there's things you can do with them so
she made a necklace out of her so you
can wear that always yea what's my name
oh this is from KCT these are awesome
these a little candy cups is what she
called them and she made them for us
it's from Megan from Rhode Island so
cute this is one of Charles's favorite
pictures of Zoey this is from Cody Chloe
from Canada made me a get-well card I'm
telling you guys we're just now getting
through it and that's her and she said
Skrillex would be jealous of my haircut
which by the way he was when I when I
sent him a photo of it he said he was
jealous
adorable melody made me the stuff and
she also made me this really cool little
zippered pouch these were like wedding
gifts and I don't know if I didn't open
them or if they were just like later or
something but I don't know how I haven't
seen these until now but thank you so
much these are really cute and I can
totally use this this is from Kaylee in
Canada I want to give a big shout out to
Rachael from England she sent me some
spontaneous but let me use my foot like
a gorilla this is from Hunter alright
look at duct tape wallets you're inside
my wallet punch somebody in the face it
would leave a mustache mark if I just
punch my right here they would have a
little mustache this is from Nick a I
hope I'm saying this right but I think
this is from quante from Georgia it's
his clothing line
I like been mad crazy I like this crazy
with two eyes
no but peanut butter it's very old eat
it is he going to what is she gonna do
and okay that's good only if you hold it
oh wait it worked oh boy this is from
Kaitlyn Elle from Canada Zoe I don't
think I can let you have this I'm sorry
there's no way in hell you're getting
that jelly willies that looks like what
I think it is right
oh of course because there's some jelly
boobies oh my god is taking over the
world I told you is it's the new mark up
I'm sad to see that is not yours I will
never have to buy another carabiner
again this is from Tiffany and her son
Jayden this is from Kaitlyn - it's a USB
Drive so when you put it in its the dog
humping the computer Gyarados the
Japanese way is this a nerd thing am I
getting
Gyarados I always said Gyarados when I
was a kid yeah he turns into like this
huge dragon thing and then it's he's
like unbeatable but he sucks as this
version alright so this is from I camp I
don't know how to pronounce that ankle
wrinkle wrinkle a Engel from Lithuania
does it I'll get that later you're so
you're drumming hey I'll see if the bet
this is probably mine they made earrings
and this really pretty little necklace
again everyone is so talented
no I'm like I wish that I had like an
inkling if the skill of these people
have just from this kid who makes
t-shirts and he kind of agrees with the
whole thing where we say we don't really
want to promote negativity or anything
so it's anthems and anchors and this is
for Charles this is from Laura
boop-boop-boop-boop oh great so you can
be addicted to that game way does that
also - Laura this is awesome from Laura
made this by hand
Wow is that cross stitching that is
awesome for those who don't know it
cross that you guys it's frickin hard
Lucas from New York
I opened the first flap
oh my gosh this is from Chiara from
Switzerland I'm assuming ogress here's
the thing as we just learned that these
are called cannot pretend offers not
nopperz can I longest time you were
calling them Oh probably we were calling
them nopperz so these were actually the
two girls I'm actually really bad at
remembering how to pronounce it as
Chiara and to be it tabia a bit okay on
April 28 2012 that girl she was a
thumbnail and she also met Ali and
myself at the gathering he's two girls
and they sent it's pretty cool it's a
poster of the world and what we have are
all these pins various pins summer for
me summer for Ali ever gonna be able to
like put where were you traveled in the
world that's I know you can't really see
what's that picture of me in Vegas and
then there's mine and then there's you
then when we travel together so this is
from Megan from England and she sent us
what what is wrong with this duck lips
smacking liver flavor I'm hoping those
are dog things this is for Mike I'm
assuming he works in a movie theater
because it I used to get these all the
time when I worked at movie theaters so
that's how you guys know if it's
actually from a movie theater it's a
double sided Pro poster so it looks
better when the light shines through
so fYI fYI he's pounding it with mr.
conquistador himself thank you very much
to Ruthie Kelsey and Kate from Oregon
they gave a real-life brainslug from
Petco
for the dog destroy destroy destroy do
not let it live how daddy yeah yeah no
yeah I do realize that it wasn't just
dog toys in the box from these girls
whoa that is so wait slightly turn it
it's Casey yes it's really um okay
Kayla Kayla I think this is Kayla for
her she sent Ally some duct tape with
mustaches this is from Katie which is
quite appropriate because it's our year
anniversary coming up in like eight days
and then I like I'm just like chilling
that oh my baby my bass this is from
Hannah and Liza ELISA
visa no you stay on that side of the box
young lady where's Marley been she's
been hiding ready get it's a jack ready
1 2 kick it I remember meeting these
girls it was Coley and I were walking
around it was in Sweden and then these
two girls came up to us and the one
right here had a really awesome custom
we the kings iPhone case and I haven't
been able to find out where she got it
made so if you are one of these two
girls please @reply me on twitter and
let me know where you got that iPhone
case made because it was awesome all
right and the final one is from Adelaide
sorry I don't like to use my foot
Australia loves CTFxC which I really
discovered when we went over there on
tour let's see Australia was pretty
freaking awesome
well that's it mail vlog is over wait
what's this you got another one what is
it you're gonna freak I would a freak ah
it's really 5 ah that is awesome but
hurry up the battery's dying
it's a mockingjay pendant from The
Hunger Games oh wow this is from
Jennifer from as mo Missouri
thank you so much I'm so glad this
didn't get lost in the mix it was right
there I almost missed it
well now that is it for the mail vlog
I'm gonna look into making iPhone cases
should we make them guys alright so that
was the mail vlog it was a lot of fun
thank you guys for everyone who sent
letters and everything what is
what are you doing but someone's owner
here she's crazy
all right I'll see you guys later if you
haven't watched the vlog yet at the end
of this video to click on it it'll take
you to the vlog otherwise we'll see you
guys next time bye bye
