good morning guys good morning guys what
internet paradox if I don't blow dry my
hair right away my bangs look like I
have a mullet mullet time
I'm starting to realize Zoey can't jump
and Marley can't catch oh you just
proved me wrong boy yeah you know what
if I throw it directly at her she'll get
it Marta come on come here
but if I throw it a little off she
doesn't know where to go see ya yeah
okay see so he can catch up everybody
well can't catch either they love
Cheerios because when they were little
the dog trainer said the train home with
Cheerios so they wouldn't get fat get
Marley come on you got to catch one of
these you catching everyone what what
was that
our internet speed round count how much
each dog catches in their mouth ready
focus speed round let me know in the
comments how my mantra is so exciting
because she got some monies from her mom
and I'm gonna find her she was too
because she's in desperate need of some
new clothes we just found some stuff in
her closet that has been hanging in
dry-cleaning bag since maybe 2005 so
we're cleaning out her closet this is
the sweater that I just happened to find
which has a seagull on it which is
probably the most quirky and ridiculous
thing ever this is our holiday bird is
not mad you know what that's exactly
right that's the point that's not the
one I want her to use I'll show you the
one I want her to wear I think that is
what you should get this is the winner
sure she felt no you don't don't get a
navy though no you get that one okay
that is so you saw her walking on the
street you would say where did you get
that outfit end slash belt together
today so cute do you own a mirror Oh
ladies help me out
no Han this thing really gets cruise
control
trying to get all the Marley hair off
this is I've never taken this thing
actually through a drive-thru I thought
I'd try it since Alan's trying to go
with those like childhood favorite like
holiday pie thingamabob errs but I want
to see if I can get her one and you take
this through the drive-thru right in the
vehicle right
hey my god ray so we said no to the
dress say no I like what you got though
some really cute chords chords are just
super in right now I'm saying I don't
it's just it's just so human I love them
I think that okay I love them seahorses
come on Leroy Jenkins they should be
filming you in the mirror okay
I do you guys have those holiday pies
that worked that is really happy all
right let's see what this thing is it's
just like funfetti this is definitely
something Ali with if you look at this
is this something Ali would eat this is
definitely something she would like as I
was pulling out there were two people on
a puppy like scientists a hungry and
homeless and I felt like such an ass
driving away with one of those holiday
pies so I'm actually gonna go and buy
them some may be blunt you something
it's not exactly the best food but you
know
there ya go
Thanks and a worse
Thank You DeLuca take care
when I come across situations like that
I always tend to like buy food versus
giving money I know every situation can
be kind of different some people will do
certain things with it some people will
actually try to plus I never carry cash
I'm a sucker if they have a dog I'm just
like oh here just give it to the dog
don't you dare eat it you know what that
theme for today is I want every single
one of you guys we were watching this
video after you done watching this video
you have 24 hours to do something nice
for somebody random just something nice
you don't have to buy food you'll have
to get money just maybe a pulp an old
lady across the street or something just
pay it forward you have 24 hours and
then in tomorrow's to do you report back
in the comments and you tell me what you
did I like this it's like a pay it
forward type of thing do you guys accept
your mission it kind of have to there's
no choices you've you pretty much have
to dodge hey wait let me get the mirror
shot I wanna cover you the mic I think
that it would not make you look like the
Hamburglar another purple one what's the
other one the little purple the shaped
ones giggle it well I think your turn
towards me i liek your stuff hold on
where's your face mom I think this might
not be working and so I don't want her
if your hair out oh oh that's nice I
only kind of know you're saying I don't
I don't know I don't understand it
English English English
I'll teach you English I don't
understand this so this is a piece so I
like to call the delicately reclining
song we're gonna try it oh wait Florida
beautiful sunny gorgeous rays streaming
down sunsets here aren't the best the
Bob back outside
just had a little bit of a girl time and
Charles kept texting
that truck stop it nature I'm gonna cry
it's not hideous it's really cute it's
like sheep like it looks like a sheep
why don't you like it
actually fine
I just told Charles that I bought that
big green thing that I posted on Twitter
earlier he's like oh my god are you
serious I didn't really buy a babe no
really no right yeah I mean there's
unsure principle don't eat that part eat
the crusty part the other the other part
you're not allowed to have that well the
other day I was doing some photoshop
work it good yeah it's busy today I was
doing some photoshopping on the computer
and I noticed there was another dead
pixel so I'm gonna have them try to
replace again I don't think it's a pixel
because when i zoom in it doesn't move I
think it's actually something on the
screen see what I mean it's like a light
source
very strange you can actually feel it
remember the other day when Ali was
walking around with her intended es to
get like walking points I asked her if
it had like a GPS thing but it's just an
accelerometer so what is she doing now
so show him how you're getting your
points now at least cheating
Laurens pretty dedicated
look at the iPhones gotten a lot bigger
what's not on here hold on turn it on
there not make a call there we go
guess where we are guess where we are
guess where we are guess where we are
guess where I guess right cuz it gives
you Jerry you're at a time I gave you
time but you you didn't make you spit in
20 minutes
somebody's gonna be surprised it's funny
why she was facial
especially when you make your eyes like
that it looks really awesome Oh fight it
it's gonna blow up in your mouth and be
so gross
boring kickflip do a kickflip come on
board tightly fought by my driver
apparently is drunk now for Lauren's
cheesy joke of the day
it's a hippopotamus just a really cool
bottle
Loren's joke of the day that's really
creepy
oh man you can breathe better a little
bit better alright guys well I am
exhausted I will see you guys tomorrow
what we had a great day enjoyed the
video and I will see you I will see the
model and I guess
worse yet
with tripping
with chakra tionary
