good morning guys we are at Jones Beach
this Long Island please delay dude where
we go this long island long roiling long
silence that's wrong is wrong island so
we're at the Billboard Hot 100
now we got to find out how to get in yo
you know the little yacht explain
tomorrow
no but there's a really good he's
pulling down you have to hold it down
okay and I are often this awesome
Saturday morning to go for not only a
walk to start our weekend but we are
also going to the morning market which I
feel like I have not brought you to in a
very very long time it doesn't look like
I can't tell where it is that's the
thing it like the morning market and
these Peter's very changes so some banks
at that place called Williams Park and
then it's also add the Rowdies parking
lot Rowdies is like a soccer team here
we're trying to find it but I mean
that's the plan the plan is to go to the
morning market read women see how much
boys start here with my alabaster friend
clear hair to graze my there's a yacht
they got Carmel here's the BlackBerry OS
yeah okay no more these are like
lawsuits right here
I'm not trying so we found the morning
markets hot smaller this time but I
don't blend on this a little hot out
here and my copy come over this
difference we have definitely different
so I softened I got the puppies some
doggie treats and they're going to love
me there's like peanut butter mango
apple and then cheddar cheese so they're
gonna absolutely love me when I get home
I love all of these practices in the
succulence but for some reason I know
anyone being alive I can't keep them
alive well as you probably could see it
was a little slow and in true alley
fashion we showed up late so I'm sure
that a lot of the places they're not
here right now I did get the dog
biscuits which is one good thing that
makes me feel successful today we're
gonna go for a walk and hopefully not
split our assets off which is probably
going to happen anyways yeah is that
your boat there's a gin smuggle yeah
that's your boat that's why you dressed
like this hey yes I got this why I have
yacht clothes alik oh you're all white
I'm all black literally the complete
opposite of me right now that's actually
really funny meaning you have found the
right thing uh I'll take the other ones
so you look like right now like when
Beetlejuice tries putting on a hat I
don't know if you guys remember a wolf
Corps that's where I used to hang out I
would always go in Jones Beach I really
go up there before we get in trouble and
take doubt
and then I'd ride the penny board down
there we'll be here sir Sir are you by
the way I'm not super filming
a lot of lot of pretending to do this
okay basically try to pretend like India
photo your finger on the shutter every
few seconds and so if we got the very
state burn things and you lots of photos
I'm just taking a photo guard what are
you talking about at the bird don't
worry about don't let me say it shirt
the cool shirt you'll both parties going
to play y'all can you make a gun some of
you smell their Sun let the UV protect
protection the Bob hey Laura baby
beautiful babies play with it but you
got need another hour or so to be better
color you mama
I've seen it all now square balloon
uh-uh
leave it a joke is it's very bad husband
a shit like you did
okay that's a good game
what is it Danny I'm sorry what were you
saying oh yeah oh no oh okay Frankie let
me steal these asses you have right now
oh okay in order to pick a pick already
napping up I just has one two three you
know or and apparently now I need this
one and this one did you take a picture
this is all we have
this is crazy don't worry I'm going to
speak hopefully we watch over these fans
as they come here rock out and get home
safely in it oh hey woo they get dumped
on I'm a babe
a little trap there bud little trap that
was a good park show was awesome
unfortunately I said they won't let us
film anything and obviously I was
looking so I couldn't really doing it
and they honestly were eyeing Frankie
the entire time but it was an awesome
show I am so honored to be a part of
this show because I mean there's so many
big acts and just to be a part of the
concert series you know festival oh it's
so cool I'm tired though I do not want
to bore you with a whole bunch of stupid
mumbo-jumbo but you guys totally missed
out on probably one of the most
uneventful afternoons of my entire life
I had to do all those dumb things that
you have to do when you live on your own
like by cleaning supplies and do some
laundry and buy toilet paper because
when you run out of toilet paper and
certain situations it can be really
uncomfortable I'm actually really glad
that I didn't act included you in it
because I wouldn't want to really be a
part of that myself
I think it would be a very boring day
for most but I don't know but you guys
are some days I really need those boring
days I think kind of like in a funk ever
since we've gotten home from the road
trip and it's so stupid and I don't even
really an idiot kind of complaining
which I'm not trying to complain but I
feel like my body is adjusting to being
back home I actually had to take a
quote-unquote personal day for myself
sometimes you just need to not be well I
hate to say this in the sense really put
that again I know I'm going to get a lot
of hate from this but I didn't want to
really film like I didn't want to film
and I didn't really want to document
what was going
because most of the day I was at home on
the computer working on a few things and
then I spent some time actually with
Melissa last night and Meg her boyfriend
and our other friend Agatha it was
really nice because I think with this
job you know we want to include you guys
on so much and I've been kind of
steering back from that just a tiny bit
for me personally because some things
you just have to keep yourself I think
it's really important that some things
you just keep private and not saying
that you're lying or that you're hiding
it's just more you just want to keep
some things private and that was
something that I tried to kind of focus
on yesterday not that anything crazy
happen nothing crazy happened but I
can't really shook up by my aunt passing
away and I'm not saying this for any
type of sympathy or anything of that
sort she had cancer and she actually
didn't pass away from cancer she passed
away for other reasons I'd only go to
too many details out of respect for my
family but
it was so unexpected it is just so
unexpected and I just I'm one of those
people that I don't feel very well with
that
I mean passing something that I just
don't feel well with that day when we
were filming I had a really hard time
keeping like this straight face they
started me into a different level
because I think that being shocked by
just not being prepared for it to happen
is a lot to take in but also the box
that should cancer and I am system
weird for me to talk about I'd all just
to be turned the wrong way but with char
having a tumor it like can be really
weird
even though char science is great it
really affected me and I think that I
didn't really process it until yesterday
Charla for you New York and I think I
had time to myself to where I could
really just sit down
and I don't know just my mind cleared up
and everything that I'm holding in Joe
know about you guys as you notice I do
talk about some things I tend to keep a
lot to myself and then I kind of like
throws inside of me and sometimes it
just explodes and that's kind of what
happened yesterday and I got super
emotional
and I started thinking about Charles I
think about my family and you know those
that I haven't talked to in a while and
then I also started thinking about how
sometimes just things happen aren't
expectantly and you know like what I be
prepared for it which no you're not
that's why it's unexpected but I really
needed that day yesterday to myself and
I needed to really just
can I have a good cry for a little bit I
think that was what it is that I had a
good cry and I kind of just took
everything in and I I really tried to
feel my feelings i I I'm not good at
that all the time I'm not good I can
write it out I can write out how I feel
but I don't filled it all the time as
stupid as that may sound and I felt
everything I felt everything under 50%
and I don't know it was just a day so
thank you guys for you know first off
for so many of you being so supportive
over the fact of me not wanting to share
it a little while ago even though I kind
of got forced not force I kind of ended
up sharing it in the comment section
because a lot of people disagreed with
the fact that I didn't share it but you
guys need to also remember that that is
my choice and it is not your decision as
I think you do those of you who are
always been so supportive to not only
myself but also to chart in our
decisions in this life that we live but
I also want to say that thank you guys
so much just for you know allowing us to
share some stuff when we're ready to
because we're not always ready to but
sometimes I feel so good to shared so I
just thank you but yesterday I just
please I need some time off and I am I'm
happy that I did it and I hope you guys
understand these logs get really weird
some days some days are kind of like
just a lot of in the car talking and
then some days they're we're out doing
something crazy but I like to call like
these kind of moments real life for us
because we can't always be on the road
traveling climbing mountains and jumping
out of airplanes and that's just for us
that's not real life and real life still
consists of working and Bill's
personal life experiences sadness
happiness things of that sort so you
guys so much for understanding
that life is not always super crazy but
sometimes good thing something but I'm
spreading something that's had them go
with my ramp so that's why I wasn't here
yesterday at a process feel me
well time illumise s little head back to
the hotel so there everything man
alright guys well at the end of the
video and I'm just faced having my
beautiful wife over here as she shows me
how the dogs nice babe thing down one
there are they on the beanbag by himself
little punks alright well I'll see you
in a couple hours okay I am excited to
make hat oh thank you oh my god a
compliment on it today something I
really like it I like cats where you can
get it
CTFxC Murph's calm and that actually was
a little urban plug right there I didn't
mean to say that but you can get the
hats there I don't know what it is and
no exhaustion right now I hope you
enjoyed today's video please don't
forget to subscribe and I will see you
guys tomorrow Zoe in time go to bed and
get it as video or send it to Ali and
get on the plane tomorrow morning hi
you
