good morning guys I just want to show
you something really quick what excuse
me ma'am what do you have in your hoodie
there yes I can get points from walking
Wow okay hi guys so Ally is telling me
that she has to bring her D s so where
she walks she gets points and she can
buy stuff with their walking points
you're addicted now look at the
dinosaurs oh I'm a wookie blue they're
so loud I'm talking to him hold on
and apparently notes were given by Marly
yeah was that yeah they go oh those
bubbles Oh bobble them around popping
scaring me so I notice it was pretty
quiet in the house they couldn't figure
out where Allie went I went into her
office and she's sitting here
watching the robot again stop it let's
go do something see if I can spin you
this is my magic carpet get off I
promise to leave that girl picks you no
promises I used to do this a lot of the
kid okay already doesn't it
okay we have the two skis oh my god I
almost did actually
how many kids find that entertaining
just a little hot right now I'm sweating
you win you want to just say what you
just said again did it I just tweeted
that you weren't sane again you're like
double kill for the donuts right bitch
I've never ever I have never heard
Charles talk to a game like that are you
playing on life yeah the only things
you're talking to her they go :
oh come on 66 degrees outside which is
chili for us during the day that's
pretty cold I mean it's that cold that
it's like it's way cooler than normal
it's only in the 90s you guys I just
stopped by McDonald's to see if they
have a holiday pie and they do do you
guys remember the last year when I was
so pissed cuz it was the thing that I
had when I was really little and it was
my favorite thing ever and I could never
find it again cuz I didn't realize that
it was called a holiday pie just thought
I was like an apple pie that they just
had only at magical times of the year oh
and by the way this is what I forgot to
show you guys earlier ultimate
disappointment it's an apple pie they
don't have holiday pies I forgot to tell
you that after that whole rant I went on
about how my childhood magic was finally
returning to my very own two hands
it was crushed in an instant as fast as
it came it went and it's I'm depressed
I'm insanely depressed now no holiday
pie for joke no photo Jew not gonna do
not fondue
no way I gotta pull over I gotta show
you guys this VCR repair Wow
does I just somebody should really tell
them that they might want to just pack
up shop now all right there
so again okay so I get it maybe previous
generation of Technology but we got VCR
then we got DVD and then blu-ray that's
way back there I had to show you guys I
was driving by to like no way I haven't
seen one of those 45 dollars that's kind
of expensive too you could probably buy
a DVD player for us than that now so
it's like yeah I know right dude listen
Jim I know you'd probably I want to hear
this but you might want to close down
shop no man no man BC ours are coming
back they're coming back never used to
have to hit the tracking button to make
those squiggly lines go away sup you
want drive
my drive it's so cold and I'm I'm the
idiot that drinks the freakin cold drink
I got my hoodie an au pair shorts not
expecting it that's the thing about
Florida like with the cold weather just
like automatically it's hot one day it's
cold the next take 37 38 39 40 that
account steps to try to refine the poop
oh my god please don't say it's under my
foot yep
it's under my foot Sears I thought I was
doing something good about counting so
that way I can refined it but I guess
the direction I was going or the steps I
was taking it off its off good I stepped
in your poop Oh am i boring you
so remember guys state marks the first
day of the CTF Xmas asterik or whatever
holiday you celebrate sale where all our
t-shirts all the shirts are all 100% in
stock and 10% off it's actually the
first time we've ever done like a sale
and I thought it'd be kind of a cool
little thing so you guys could stock up
for the holidays or just for yourself or
whatever so you can pause this video and
go pick them up right now if you want
I'll be right back it was one pause you
wanna pause here alright hold on we're
gonna pause here I'll give you a pause
face oh you didn't pause you're just
gonna do it after the video okay we'll
just keep going you guys hungry
come on let's go yeah we gotta hurry
Ellie you know your food if you don't
hurry up I'll be the new way up give me
the new way to get them to listen
eat their food I was just pulling into
the garage and this guy's just dropped
right on top of the windshield you idiot
hey hey man yeah come here let me save
you I'm going to save you no don't do
that
don't I shall name him Leroy oh you want
to see Leroy
they just saved him his name is Leroy oh
hi Leroy ma'am hair sensor this what are
you doing so you're buh buh oh my god
this feels like Mario Kart weather to me
Zoe's stomach has been hurting a little
bit
a sit good girl stay that suggested up
up up up up up up the vet suggested that
we put little big pop pop pop little tab
pop pop pop up cuz Marley eats so slow
but Zoey just wolf sings out and then
her stomach hurts putting like these in
her food like a tennis ball or small
tennis ball something she can't swallow
she has to eat around it yeah so I guess
it makes her eat slower level see I
don't know oh my god just makes you more
aggressive yeah so we are going to be
starting the process of recording the
next we the King's album oh by the way
guys I don't think I told you guys
yesterday we went platinum in Australia
say you like me went platinum in
Australia yesterday I believe which is
utterly amazing that means I have a gold
record and I have a platinum record
coming and off to show you guys we're
gonna be recording the next album so I'm
gonna go check out the guitar store and
see if I can find a new bass specific
for a studio that's what I'm telling
myself is really is just an excuse to
buy another bass ah the glorious bases
I guess since say you like me went
platinum I'll teach you how to play it
really fast on the bass it's really easy
it's a standard tuning just all you got
to do you guys got to do the rhythm
yourself
gasps averse horses
and just keep doing that bridge is this
and that's how you place a like me just
got to do the rhythm with a song though
the game on 100cc so now the only thing
I have left is 150 she has a problem
only 24 hours I'm a Viet yes I got you
guys toys surprise ok take oh my god oh
my god ok and Zoe I got you this
holy crap I decided to make my favorite
favorite favorite food ever sesame
chicken it's this is I have always said
this in the blogs the funniest thing
about sesame chicken is the sauce the
secret ingredient I'm not I'm not
kidding is ketchup ketchup is a secret
red ingredient otherwise it's just sugar
and honey and vinegar it's weird right
Oh fried chicken
don't mind me sir I'm just underneath my
bed I think what are you doing under
there you want to go under it alright
see you later mom our Zoey has been look
at this Zoey you're making some progress
alright now let's give that back to you
there you go well late birthday but
still counts I gotta go and barley calms
her down so yeah she had this wallet
since I've known her and I want it in a
trail ride and I was 13 and it's falling
apart
birthday present they can fit all that
stuff in there but I'm gonna be sad to
see that while ago because it's very sad
oh I always I keep it around okay but it
was your buddies what are you doing what
are you two doing you come and you come
and say hi yeah well here's your fix
you're so nuts you got a crazy thing
would you look at that know them I don't
wanna have to get a question how would I
get Ally to quit being so addicted to a
Nintendo DS thing looks like you do it
so I like hide it
 blow it up did I blow it up your
suggestion in the comments come on
I picked the most inopportune times to
talk to you guys Oh
what alright guys so today marks the
first day of the CTF Xmas astrick or
whatever holiday you celebrate sale all
the t-shirts are 10% off they're in
stock just go to CTFxC merch calm this
first time we ever just sell it starts
from today to next Friday only for one
week so if you've been wanting to stock
up on you know some t-shirts for your
family friends for yourself an ALICE the
time to do that see the efficacy merch
calm from today to next week so just
wanted to give you guys a heads up all
right I'll see you guys tomorrow
have a good day bye
worse they be at sexy
giddy what y'all trippin
repeatedly don't forget
