we must move forward not backward upward
not forward and always rolling twirling
twirling towards freedom you did that
perfectly good job watch that way too
much look we're twinsies twinsies
all right I get you a little present
yeah here we go Hershey bar
so what awesome CTFxC er knows what that
quote was from at the beginning of the
video come on anyone else come on you
guys got to know it tell me the comments
if you know and you'll get achievement
points for being awesome oh I did it
without it screwing up so we are seven
days into November ally has broke she's
broken
November 6 she swore obviously you guys
saw that yesterday but how's my beard
looking is it coming out glorious yeah I
look like I see yourself Oh hobo tastic
I don't care it is worth who else is
trying one of those two if you're doing
no swear in November are you still not
swearing and if you're doing no-shave
November are you still not shaving
anyone else doing this with me or am i
all by myself
the other day you guys really liked it
when I gave away those free apps and the
free TV shows all right I'm gonna do it
again but it's gonna be super fast and
be faster this time I have one two three
four I got five of them this time it's
gonna be really fast ready one two three
yeah BAM boom BAM Boosh hopefully you
guys are quick enough you're quick
enough by the way I'm waiting on one
email today and then I have good news
for you guys come on Lady
there we go in for one more email and
then I'll be able to tell you guys the
good news that I have two that I have
for you guys it involves the merch and
it's kind of a kind of like my make up
to you guys for not having enough
necklaces so I'm just waiting for the
email and the second I get it today I
will let you guys know and give you all
the information get excited
a lot of cool stuff coming no I didn't
have any coffee today God kind of take
offense to that guys it's just dirty
water so the election is over and
finally we can get back to the true evil
in this world
soggy sandwiches we can finally get rid
of soggy sandwiches we can refocus guys
we have to refocus are you eating the
turtle yes
no he's you need Turtles why must you
sit up there
look it's Oishi's sitting properly nope
got to be higher Charles is bragging his
own teammates put a blue thing that
shoots you into a freaking wall watch
watches shooting shooting shooting he
broke your neck huh okay it's over the
students call it assassinate you walk up
behind someone you may later I'm in a
freakin Robocop suit and the guy comes
to go open up your neck
you're so he's so strong as you guys are
like nine feet tall you're huge
how I died for you tall but everything
is proportionate like okay look if I'm
here at Levi's nine feet tall in this
grass must be 60 tall strong oh this
game is dumb you got a spot point
oh yeah was just wait for 30 minutes for
the game start again hold on we got to
just go through this I want to join them
a little tail Waggin what do you got you
got the tiniest toy in the world yeah
it's got enough it's pretty good stuff
guys imported from California pretty
good that's right that's right that's it
I'm gonna call bullshit on that one
that's right haha how do I do the nut
the nut sack thing there you go that's
right uh-huh hey guys what do you shoot
that oh I'm awesome at this game watch
me here
oh come watch I'll show you where I'm
awesome oh I just killed four people
that's your team that's your team I know
that why are you shooting them just
making sure they're paying attention
guys why don't you kill him with a
turret this is a bomb bullshit no this
is what I'll get okay I'm the red team
and my evil guys if they're but they're
blue but they have read over my guys
read my good guys are blue over and why
isn't just color coded oh you want your
present yeah why do people do that when
you give someone president before they
open what is it I don't open it I
already like what's that did you make
this yep
oh my god this is really cool it's from
our Europe trip oh my god
this is really cute ah babe this is
really cute oh my god I'm gonna cry oh
sweet oh my god
basically it's a photo album of our
entire trip together in Europe you like
it I'm glad you got one of them when
they didn't have their boobies out I
hope I didn't think they'd print it
since there's so many photos if you guys
want to see all the photos here like
hold up the book okay just click on
Ali's face right now and it'll take you
hopefully i take you to another video
it'll pause this video and then you can
go watch it so click right here on Ali's
face and we'll go through the photos you
can so click right here there we go
click great on Ali's face and you can go
see all the photos and we'll look at it
together she has to get to see it all
it'll pause this video so don't worry so
yeah click right there and check it out
poke
in the face and we'll go look at the
photos if you don't you can't see the
photos so you like it I love it that's
such a good idea I'm holding Charles
hostage so he'll let me go to Panera
stop it how do you do a sleeper hold
like this oh I don't know let me just
tell you how to put me to snow under
your arm wait
yeah like that wait like that I don't
I'm out of sleep like that no no cuz I'm
not asleep until I fall asleep no that's
just joking Oh sleeper hold
you gotta wrestle Oh what how do I go
out of wrestle so a healthy body Oh God
oh I dropped another camera I'm just
gonna put this down now
your focus is pretty good
okay oh you're trying to hit the poor
dog yes that's a no Charlie there was a
woman who was training her dog and she
had like a little kind of fanny pack
thing full of treats and we're walking
around usually Marley panics and she's
right behind us but she was nowhere to
be found and so we just basically you
know we annoy dia which is what she was
doing or why she wasn't coming with us
so we so the lady had the dog Marley was
just sitting in front of the lady
waiting she's like poetry bench you all
can go off and sit on the floor where's
the scroll and went up here I just can't
reach it yet get it right hey Marley you
got recruitment you got some grunts
she's like a little general all right
guys you get the squirrel and bring it
back to me we're just cool it's up in
the tree I'd already told you that I
like that she goes up there for a better
look remember that email I was waiting
for I finally got it you guys ready for
the good news so a bunch of people were
bummed that we didn't have enough
necklaces so I decided that we were
going to do starting this Friday for one
week we were gonna do 10% off all the
t-shirts at the CTFxC store every single
shirt that's in the CTFxC store they're
all in stock from this Friday to next
Friday only we're going to call it the
CTF ex-miss asterisk or whatever holiday
you celebrate sale I like that we've
actually never done a holiday sale like
this so I figured this would be kind of
a thank you to you guys an apology that
there wasn't enough necklaces so if you
ever want like on the fence about
getting a shirt or something like that
or if you want extra gifts for your
family or friends or maybe yourself
now's the time to get it these are all
the shirts that are at our store which
is CTFxC merch calm so yeah guys that's
how cool I don't want to alarm you
it's like The Kooks I'll ever get your
real-life Star Wars I was good at on
time yeah exactly same thing
that's my Nona do your work lookie my
wookie is like my paint my pigeon what
have you done to make one I made you
hurry up so we got some fried pickles
fried onions got some fried water
I don't know everything is fried it's
awesome it's it's play what do you call
those wait wait there's more
no it's so you read are you sick and
tired of reading with your eyes which
suck are you sick and tired of having
normal human abilities by our magnifier
oh my gosh it's my new hairball I don't
know what is about these things there
collects prongs
but it's Marley's new favorite toy this
goes crazy so you want to try to steal
it but pinch you guys against each other
one oh my gosh flaps are up so I got one
for you too yeah get Zoey now she's not
come inside yet oh my gosh she's got a
problem she's got a problem
good no what are you doing we've been
home for like 10 minutes all right well
let's just turn off the lights you
she'll come eventually come on let's go
well smoke her out let's smoke
beauty with trippy
with trippy
