- 14 in the morning right now and
they're still playing drunk gaming
pillow for good old Zoey
needle in a needle okay all guys sick
sir can you please grab it
so we're still working on it we're on
the multiplayer version and then I gotta
start editing oh if you guys missed the
drunk gaming episodes on Ally's Channel
please go and watch I've pretty much
been up all night doing this but I
promise you guys and I think you guys
are really gonna enjoy it so it's worth
it
that puts a smile on your face it's a
word that gosh darn it
I'm getting I'm going delirious I'm
losing my mind
don't worry guys it's about 10:00 in the
morning I'm still editing the way Marley
will me up
Zoe Marley it's sort of demanding some
food as you can see Marley don't play
this game
actually where's Marley other now on the
whole doing the thumbnail thing it's
been a long long day now we got to go
vote to one of the videos are uploading
gonna get the other one exporting got 30
minutes for that a lot of work but as
long as you guys are happy it's worth it
to 18 in the afternoon and I do
captaining through this all night so say
thank you to Charles here's a good thing
that the two drunk gaming's of Halo or
up the vlog is uploading no exporting is
that exporting that's exporting oh god
baby need to go lay down
Jermaine you breathe you're my business
side side you got your business side
time up there's the element stocks okay
we're gonna go and vote I'm gonna let
Charles sleep for now and then I'm gonna
drag him out to vote later but I'll vote
for you
vote for you or vote for you I did it
and actually the line was super short
which was awesome I was really never
since gonna take like 30 hours to vote
but it was pretty quick where's your
sticker I don't think the most fun part
that's like the only reason I vote I'm
just gonna cut the sticker this is like
the world's smallest ladybug
that is so cool look okay hold on here's
my finger no that's terrible look you
okay okay he's okay he's moving he's
good god I would have felt terrible
have to look at this on commercials
they're doing this now they're telling
you it if you want another song you can
just show damn it that's crazy that's
insane that we've come so far as to have
an app infiltrate normal television
advertising so the bands get like bands
get coverage and you know like new
listeners that's so cool just watching
all of the news coverage of the election
it is insane today honestly I've got to
say I'm kind of glad that it's over
because I'm really kind of sick of like
the back-and-forth
backstabbing ads on both sides both
candidates I think released some really
shady and like the ads so I'm pretty
excited that it's gonna be over today
it's a pretty exciting day everybody's
out everybody's got their little
stickers on I feel like that's gonna be
the only thing that we see in Instagram
is Bloods of I voted stickers which is
pretty funny I like it though I think
it's cool
hey girls are you gonna go vote you
girls gonna go info daddy's got a vote
we're gonna go go dad there you go
time to vote so you can get cookie stick
I like me the surprise they haven't
updated the stickers in all the years I
think that's what's fun about it it's
like it's like when you go and give
blood you get a Nutter Butter time to
vote all right I think I'm going the
right way all right time to boot what is
your favorite color that's all please
family I decided to keep voting this
secret hey that's my seat do you vote
did you vote did you vote no cuz your
dog's I'm sorry you look a little
offended what are you doing
what dog ass waitin in the camera space
what are you doing hey look I voted I
voted Sigmar gonna eat it probably one
cookie
that's no cookie so if you guys chose
November 6th Ally failed yet drunk
gaming bat
have you guessed to say that was pretty
thumbs long as almost a wig each year I
get like one day longer I think he went
a few days long on this one I know I'm
wearing white past Labor Day oh my god
I'm sorry guys only do it right there
the polls closed about an hour and 20
minutes this is my prediction they won't
know who is president until I'm gonna
say late Thursday I think I think it's
gonna be either there's me voter fraud
there's to be the glitches in the
computer always there's always stuff I
don't know Stadium and they said Obama
won that was a lot more years ago I
don't remember yesterday so that so I'm
going on maybe 36 hours of sleep I'm
literally a zombie right now I'm just
like walking around let no sleep for 36
hours
I am well that's my point
I don't no idea what's going on and Hugh
pooping totally no totally no no wait
she peed ah she fooled up she pooped
Oh family dinner time I got three sauces
one that's like us like upset phase one
that's a sad face I wanted like a crying
like super hot way I can smell it it's
like burning my nose toward a mild
medium stinking hot I'm gonna start with
the lowest one first
I'm really afraid of hot one
Holly went to Taco Tuesday and I just
didn't feel like going out right now I'm
just like kind of tired I was like I'm
gonna make a nice little dinner it sucks
when you don't know what you want and
you're at the grocery store
and you just like want everything or you
want nothing can't make a decision like
I thought I want to breakfast for dinner
because I didn't have dinner I don't
know what I want okay this is the final
and worst one I'm gonna do such a small
amount of this one okay that's it
oh it's spreading like wildfire in my
mouth
I'm sweating I keep going back and forth
an entire store if I looks like it none
of the security cameras part looks I'm
trying to case the joint got my little
cleanup buddies making sure nothing
falls zoiy zoiy foods over here oh hey
guys got to be careful usually when I
cook it's not anything like spicy but
when I do cook like right now I have
peppers and stuff I have to be really
really careful because Marley is like a
frickin she's a Bulger look at her just
staring with her head like this this is
the Mario you look this is Marley's
ankle ready she's like this but a little
bit like this tell my oh oh you little
brat you sneak this is a little one too
I want to show you guys that put my hand
behind my back for balance
Zoe you lick my hands seriously there's
more touchscreen technology being used
and all these election coverages then
all Apple stores combined it's kind of
ridiculous this is like I can't handle
this pre-show stuff if you don't it
reminds me when I was in school the last
five minutes of class just waiting for
that second hand like constantly just
like get over with just done I'm gonna
go watch Bourne Identity I can't deal
with this crap anymore
remember we're saying about that the
Apple Store
The Daily Show is making fun of it that
to me is the most exciting thing about
this election if that in so many places
the movement towards the same sex
marriage is being approved in other
states it is just amazing that is that
is a step in the right direction on so
many levels and I'm just so so proud of
everybody everybody who made that happen
who got that on the ballots in their
states and the people who voted for it
it's been a crazy day I'm gonna go to
sleep now Charles as a sleeper guy he's
been so tired he's been up working so so
buddy Howard he passed out just really
quick one more thing I totally forgot
today the day that you're watching this
video November 7th is my mom's birthday
all right guys love you see you tomorrow
hey guys in case you missed it make sure
to check out the latest two episodes on
Ali's channel she just uploaded you can
click right here on the screen or the
video description below but they're
playing the most anticipated game 2012
Halo 4 and they really suck at it
Oh coke click it check it out hope you
guys like it and I will see you tomorrow
worse yet sexy
giddy with y'all trippin
to be an ally don't forget
