no it doesn't doesn't help to be on time
let's go Zoe that's Zoe right there
anyway now oh nice of you to join us you
ready to go home now
but I am very sad as the saddest-looking
puppies on this planet oh my morning
everyone today today is going to be one
of those long days so halo 4 comes out
at midnight tonight and we are staying
up all night we pre-ordered it and it
will be at the end of this video by the
time you guys wake up a drunk gaming
halo 4 special edition so if it's at the
end of this video that means to be
succeeded if this video was never
uploaded that means we did not succeed
and I'm asleep somewhere and we should
probably call for help putting to go get
lots and lots of coffee to prepare for
this also I have some really good news I
know how to make it up to you guys for
those who couldn't get the pic necklaces
I have a plan and I am I'm in the middle
of emails and I will let you know as
soon as it's been confirmed but
hopefully by the end of this week I will
let you know what that little plan is
and I think you guys are going to be
very very happy hmm
a lot of good news in the first 90
seconds of this video right the human
with competing videos on the radio Steve
Ellison hi Steve
hey guys how you don't since then I had
the the fortune of a misfortune if you
will of showing it to Charles Trippy
alright it's one of those sort of
popular youtubers going around and he
decided through online CTFxC interesting
to debut my precious Joss in 1946 to
1993 human Wikipedia see there guys
thank you guys made that happen if you
haven't seen the human Wikipedia video
it's on YouTube I'm Sasha Charles Trippy
guys keep sending it to everyone send it
Ellen Jimmy Fallon Jimmy Kimmel Craig
Ferguson
all the talk shows Wendy Williams The
Today Show was like this are happening
because of you guys and I think that is
unbelievable Shh so I just want to get
some coffee and I grabbed a bunch of
these so I don't know why I'm whispering
I'm the only one in the car on the count
of three I'm gonna flash these codes
first-come first-serve and you guys can
have them 1 2 Shh I did it super fast to
make a little bit more fair so you have
to go back and try to pause at the right
second oh but they're there they're
there they're there
yes I am making the noise
Jezza she hasn't turned that thing off
since we've left like I'll come on I'm
going the speed limit is it pulling me
over
did I get you screw it no sir I'm sorry
I'm sorry we have to get there I'm not
we have to get to the mall guys oh
you're acting like you're putting it
into high gear put it in neutral
oh my god stuff I've had this dream
before Kyle shut up
I slammed the car in reverse
accidentally and like my car blows up
I've used my automatic shift again I
can't go to prison again
would you go for it for the first time I
can't tell you
my girls is trying to establish the y5y
street cred I went to prison for
stealing Wi-Fi I can't I can't I can't
do this oh my god
stop stop the stuff damn used a light
savings and bug on my windshield it's
only 5:30 it feels like 6:30 but still
so I'll be getting sleepy now and I look
at the clock I'm like oh that's dumb Ali
and I were just talking about the whole
Star Wars thing and I wanted to get you
guys's opinions okay so if you didn't
know George Lucas sold Star Wars for
what for it was at four billion dollars
four billion money be be with a billion
and they've already confirmed a new Star
Wars I think it's gonna be Episode seven
a lot of people are pretty pumped for
the new Star Wars but I don't get it
because it's as if they were God about
these last three and how kind of bad
they were their expectation is that this
new one would be good the thing is I
don't know like it maybe you guys know
is it supposed to be kicking off after
the third prequel or is it supposed to
do after Return of the Jedi Oh Harrison
Ford 75 is still rocking it what are
your thoughts guys are you pumped for
this new Star Wars do you think it's
just gonna be another disaster excuse me
how it's tough beep beep coming through
beep beep coming through who's that hot
bike rider Zoe if we can get her number
pardon me ma'am do you have any Grey
Poupon
yeah pardon me ma'am do you mind pooping
on me how's it looking you're like in
the same place every single time I come
in here it's so funny that's it and then
you'll be done mmm oh my gosh you can't
nope got like a blue screen here what if
it will actually work hey guys I've been
spaced now I'm in the desert they work
nope you find me hey what's going on
Zoey you're in the desert very crapoly
Oh what was that what was that something
in the desert actually got another
little bonus for you guys you never want
to go we do the contest with Sarah pod
the poop particle defender for your
toothbrush they're doing another contest
I thought I'd let you guys know I just
click the link down there in the video
description takes you to the Facebook
page like the Facebook page and then
vote for the presidential candidate you
want to win and then write which
presidential candidate needs a stair paw
the most and why and what they're gonna
do is they're gonna go through 50 of the
most creative funny original ideas and
send 50 blue ones out of Obama wins and
50 red ones if Romney wins so I just
want to check that out I was kind of
funny you know politics poop poopy
politic I thought it was funny if you
guys want to enter it's down there in
description I don't know the best photo
play in the air greediest relaxing on
the couch you're the funniest thing to
do why are you doing that no don't do it
I know it no no oh we got four minutes
you and Justin get drunk all right I
gotta go get the ticket it's not out yet
obviously but they give you a ticket
ahead of time so I need to go at 9:30 to
get the ticket so that way we're first
to get it at like 11:45 or something
it's gonna be a long night
you guys ready for this and speaking of
craziness the election and voting this
is all I'm gonna say you guys I don't
care who you're voting for it doesn't
matter it shouldn't matter to me all I
ask is that you're voting for somebody
that you personally believe not because
your parents told you to vote for a
person a celebrity told you to vote for
a person a news anchor told you to vote
for a certain person that requires extra
research I know it sucks extra work
needs to happen to get an unbiased
opinion that's all I care about
that being said I'm voting for a
Roseanne Barr just kidding good all
those nerds I'm gonna be one of them
thank God I charge my iphone dun dun dun
dun
I forgot the receipt so that bull thank
you for the receipt love you okay now go
get your game I excited other people
here like cool people oh they're like
game reps and stuff I've never gone to
really saw how many things are you
saying in ten seconds I'm excited you
have so much copy in you I don't have
any coffee I'm just excited
don't do that I'm gonna throw up don't
you're not funny okay you're funny to
everyone else except me which means
you're not funny Oh subjective humor
you're rolling up to cut here's a huge
lion outside I don't see one other girl
here yep there's a girl I'm happy now
two minutes to countdown two minutes
countdown clock look be bothering people
this is gonna be the most exciting
episode of drunk gaming that we've ever
done because it was that are we gonna
drop it down there what we're gonna do
is we're gonna do two versions of drunk
gaming for Halo four we're gonna do a
campaign mode and a multi player they're
gonna be at the end of this video a lot
of people want to see the single-player
and a lot of people want to see
multiplayer we're gonna do both of them
then go home now and set up
on your lipsticks that go crazy other
guys well it sounds with a bag it is now
technically it's 2:00 in the morning so
I am already past I got to start the
next day I will see you guys tomorrow
don't forget to check out the new drunk
gaming episode it's a two-part we got
single-player and multiplayer I have a
feeling how he's gonna break your nose
we're November today what do you think
tell me in the comments you'll find out
tomorrow all right yeah I'm gonna go
watch them play Halo 4 because it looks
freakin awesome it actually is a pretty
cool looking game gonna guys bye hi
everyone char was supposed to tell you
to click on the boxes to watch both Halo
4 videos but he fell asleep so he
programmed me to say it up yeah well I'm
saying it now
Haruka please go watch the two new
videos on Ali's channel they stayed up
all night filming it and I believe char
is walking around like a zombie
somewhere click right here and watch or
click link in description hope you guys
like them enjoy
what
beauty with trippy
it would be an early
