hello guys wait a minute what what is
this it is a time paradox
I don't know I'm talking like that but I
woke up this morning I was so confused
because there's a whole like time-saving
what is it ties they like savings there
it is that's the word I'm looking for
we go to Charles good old Benjamin
Franklin confusing us since the 1800s
speaking of which do people actually
still quite know daylight savings was
invented for farmers but with all modern
technology is it still necessary like
could we get rid of it I think but like
why don't we I don't mind the whole
gaining an hour but when you lose an
hour is in the planet my old band the CD
I've somehow sneaked it to my phone it
wasn't I guess I wasn't paying attention
and I've been listening to it oh my gosh
this is like it's got to be 10 years old
oh maybe I'll eight years old suspense
thriller it's all peaceful Betty gonna
get something crap his fan
the big game if I can remember
you guys wanna get a song I wrote called
Johnny's oh my gosh it felt the opposite
of deja vu now here's the ultimate test
let me see if I can remember the lyrics
to the song I wrote one final state
I thought you said I couldn't say for
you
Wow actually remember the race here's
like it this was called Switzerland
watch
oh my gosh
you know what I'm gonna make these
available to you guys if you want to
download my old bands of album suspense
thriller is called the entrance I'll put
a link down there in the video
description you guys can go download it
and tell me what you think it's okay
it's old it's the old my first band you
know I mean I think we the Kings was
definitely a step up but still kind of
fun to go back cuz there's still a lot
of you know a lot of awesome memories
attached actually that was the band it
was called funny-looking kid before so
special and that was the bad Danny was
the drummer course it's kind of crazy
how like life works out and how things
just sometimes to come like full circle
it's always gonna fun to think about
like how things happen the way they
happen
think about something cool and then you
think about the chain a little daisy
chain that led up to that event it's
always kind of interesting you want to
want to download that all album for free
I'll just put a link down there in the
description you guys can grab it
absolutely thought we were being all
super clever the title this song was
called spacemen grow up to be lawyers
okay basically what it was was like you
know when you're young you want to be a
cowboy or spaceman or
I don't know baseball player or
something like that and then when you
grow up Society makes you become a
doctor or a lawyer or some whatever you
know what I mean and we thought we were
being clever with it come to think about
I think I've actually kept that
mentality I mean doing things you know
on YouTube that's kind of living your
dreams bottom line if somebody says you
can't live your dreams tell them - oh I
almost cussed tell them to go away
but I'm not doing those where November
tell them off okay
tired you want to show what we've been
noticing their little pig nose is
disappearing Oh amazing a big nose look
her pig nose is disappearing it's
turning into a normal nose Marlee your
signature pig nose
you need to paint it back on
look at you up pretty and fancy it's
getting cold we gotta get Marley her for
winter where she's gonna get her winter
wear oh oh this is one she wore last
year though this is one for last year
yes yes you know how we get violins
Ellie the same color every year because
they get so dirty we have to do it so
much earlier now because they see
they're so popular yeah nope she needs
her pink one that's not a cat Oh Coco
it's to be Coco's they can be buddies
would you find away with the Buddy
they're so curious I love them don't
wake him up dude hurry up wake up he's
showing off it's kind of funny they have
an entire section devoted to making your
dog or cat go crazy the Blazers they
have fruit ninja underwear what do you
think I think it looks good yeah oh yeah
over the pants for sure trust me I'm a
ninja this Angie first Halloween oh my
god
there we go it said this is what you
should do you're a walking advertisement
for iPhone games oh babe I think you
need a velour robe to go with that I
think that's what you need oh my god
okay babe can I get the new door wait
what is this is the thing it's like
she's a fat animal looks like she's a
dog that looks like a dog from the side
right here Dora the dog that's creepy
ladies do not start fights but we can
finish them well that's wrong no don't
read the box cuz I just said you read
the box you cheated this is Marie oh you
don't know what's wrong miss Cathy yeah
Berlioz - do my eyes sparkle like
five - I'm really really really you're
just gonna walk right past it
how'd he know of course he did
try it again
oh that's a tiny bit
Alex getting older I can't I don't know
how she counted it no see these squirrel
Ramarley my who really would like that
please a hot dog that good breakdance
breakdance breakdance
Brigance there we go like that her neck
is so minuscule she's this little
creature
she's breast right so Marley got a new
toy and we had a bet and Ally won I
didn't think she would like it but she
literally has been taking us you took it
in the car and everything are you ready
yeah no he's just like give me food and
we'll be cool he's like yeah give me
food oh I think we gotta go get another
one but I was pissed she's like yo one
two so the first thing that Marley does
only get to the park drops a huge deuce
of course just takes a dump I don't have
bags I don't have anything she's poops
what'd you do no you didn't just step in
Zoey's poop he smeared it everywhere
such that I could find it because it had
the same ridges at the bottom of his
shoes as ridges it's stuck in you guys
want to know a fun game that I like to
play when you get in line for like a ten
item or less you know checkout line and
you can see the person in front of you
clearly has more than ten items what you
do is as they're removing the items out
of the cart once they get to ten start
counting out loud eleven twelve
13:48 I promise you do it did the fun
game at least it's satisfying I should
say you're obsessed again Ally got the
new Mario and she's been playing it
constantly now I'm trying to get all the
stars me cuz you're not a runner here
the electors are clean yes but I have a
lot see ally is what you call a giant
Nintendo freak this is my opinion about
Nintendo I feel like they made such an
awesome step forward like Nintendo 64
that was like that was groundbreaking
right but I feel like with the Wii and
ever since then it's been kind of like
these like little baby steps are almost
like step backwards do you guys feel
like Nintendo is just kind of losing its
magic like it's just dying out which
sucks cuz some of the most classic games
like best memories of my childhood was
on a Nintendo Goldeneye Mario Kart what
do you think do you think Nintendo can
like get back or do you think they're
just gonna phase out no more Nintendo
wait isn't this what you did to me
yesterday you can't pause it you have to
look past it past it like I did are we
doing a live show right now and Ally
called me a dick and the Internet is
trying to let me know ok in the context
of calling somebody a dick instead of
calling them a penis because it's a
dirty version of penis and she didn't
call me you're being a Richard so the
internet is trying to overrule if she
didn't in fact curse it's not swearing
right so what do you think Internet is
calling somebody a dick a swear word
tell me the comments you toss a swear
word
what
yes
with trippy
with trip in early
