alright guys we're gonna go for a walk
let's go for a walk
ready for a walk hmm so today I'm going
to run a little experiment I'm going to
yawn randomly throughout the video and
see if I could make you yawn Zoey yawn
yeah I made a dog yawn
mom it's nowhere trying to kill me it's
no way try to kill me alright just come
on let's go right okay
that's dairy now it's done see what
happened today so wait your face for
this experiment you have to be honest
though if you yawn tell me in the
comments actually in the comments tell
me how many times you did yawn okay
I don't know Marla I think that school
is gonna kick your butt almost cut
straight there if you guys can see what
my running shoes currently look like now
you'd be making watch it I'll show it to
you when I get home
I have to get new running shoes because
I think like my knees my it's just
screwing me up so I gotta see if I can
find some awesome yeah okay there let's
see if I can find some awesome running
shoes did she get you she gets she
gotcha she got you I thought I read this
one time was that like it's actually
better for you to run flat-footed and
that really the only reason why all
these like arches and arch support and
all these weird things that exist is
because Nike did them in like may 80s
and now your feed of like morph into
like all this crazy stuff like I think
you're supposed to run barefoot it like
it's better for you I think I'm on baby
so actually I like those ones plus if
you like dark colors but that's just
enough light that people will see you at
night oh you look so cute I've never
seen you in real running shoes you
always wear those crappy whatever those
are
he thinks he's it playing Assassin's
Creed no I thought you're gonna jump
into that display of shoes leave a faith
Charles know which one
I like that one Internet which one you
like the orange or the yellow orange
green need a stretch a little bit shut
up
for all your free running needs you're
such a spaz think the ornament was the
Internet think I'll get all the cleats
when I was younger I got a pair of big
heard cleats
I had big heard cleats in the following
year I got Ken Griffey junior cleats if
you if you have no idea what the big
hurt cleats look like it looks like this
there were just zebra shoes but they
were so awesome what these are the
weirdest ones look at this I think I
should get this and shoot me I think
it's like airsoft oh my God look at this
they have zombie apocalypse knives wear
those
getting ideas getting ideas busy guy
practical profession for zombie because
he's prepared yeah to extract human
flesh would probably still be friends
with a zombie pizza guy because he has
pizza well you want some french fries
hungry hungry surprise it there's a
hourglass on your martini glass so by
the time this is done
you better be drunk uh my oh my girl
I don't like it looks like a vibrating
boobies boobies are massaging you shake
it baby
hey Marley that's what you are rat
terrier but you're like the shack size
that's like the Muggsy Bogues size since
it was actually so nice out I thought
I'd get a nice little evening Joe Zoey's
not paying attention so she can't find
us Zoe um crap oh she found us any day
now come on oh I told you okay well I'm
gonna go over here and Boop again
everyday she's up for a little bird
Oh Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2 was the best
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater of all time air
injected that in London yeah honey I
this is this game was one of the games
that like wait can we just talk about
how your eyes you're talking but you're
in that you're in that mode that's the
video game talk mode which is like half
listening half talking half listening
half talking what what if I do this no
ignore it I can ignore it ignore it this
is the most intricate table
friends so excited I don't think I've
been to this restaurant seem to be wrong
did you explain why if you guys haven't
already you can go say happy birthday
around Twitter even though it'll be a
daily it still counts do you think this
one was walking too fast as I was trying
to keep up and it just stopped and then
it just went nose up the but thank
they're greeting each other fine five
legs very interesting you ever seen a
five leg elephant mines in the gutter
all of you don't have a nice dinner here
celebrating Jesse's birthday I don't
know any of you guys I think it says
five legs it's like a Mario power of
pleasure I see this mystery sauce
sitting on a table I want to try it
never too much
censor it there we go that is pretty
leet so Jessie's like I want to get an
espresso or
some Red Bull and then she's like here's
mine so little pick-me-up before the
club are you dancing in the club just
could you imagine seeing someone just
popping open a fancy piece and eating it
like as though they were Popeye with the
spinach like that would be the best is
like how it's like small it's like it's
not like you can just flip it out like
the pudding cups fancy piece for the
fancy party going hi your lip like that
do you like the internet that much I
promised you guys
am I being presumptuous which is already
giving away to you because I know you
didn't destroy anything you did you pee
somewhere did you destroy something no
okay I believe you
well I'm gonna go to bed now huh but the
double one so be honest how did the
experiment go how many times did you
yarn tell me in the comments if you went
through this entire video and didn't
yawn that is thoroughly impressive but I
feel like there's not one person that
went through this entire video they
everyone had you'll be odd at least one
time I didn't wanted to do the video
because I always thought it was so
fascinating that if somebody talks about
yawning or see somebody else yawn even
another animal yawning it's contagious
and I always wondered why yawns are
contagious I don't know I just wanted to
try this on the video anyway I'll see
you guys tomorrow goodnight
it's the other yard wait
worse yet sexy
with Joe Trippi
with grippy an ally don't forget Zoey
Marley
