good morning oh good morning Atlanta I
don't know if you guys can count how
many planes are coming in at once right
now she those guys have a stressful job
hey you're just where we found you
yesterday but in a slightly different
position oh okay
time to blast off I always feel like
whenever I Drive over the Skyway I feel
like I'm on a rocket ship or something
like I feel like I'm taking off probably
doesn't look bad Steve on video but this
is a really big bridge and the weather
is just perfect there's not a single
cloud in the sky so I was gonna make a
bagel and for the cream cheese I thought
I grabbed the knife Carol ate breakfast
food so I've already committed we got to
make it work somehow somehow I'll make
you work what do you think it happens if
you hit this one these are it's like you
can't get up if you've ever wondered
what would happen nothing Thank You
Danny I just turned my phone number on
the last plane gotta be home the guy
next to me on this last fight was making
with this dad noises all time you know
like very much stuff
those those kind of noises I'm hoping
huh
no more dead noises on this right well
apparently Delta change sup gate now we
have to run all the way across the
airport for real it's crazy
oh by the way it's no square November so
I can't if I miss this plane I would be
so mad
who wants to take a guess if we're gonna
miss our plane guys you are not that
large
I think that's Charles is plane landing
yeah I'm gonna beat him it's so crazy at
the airport right now
shut your mouth shut your mouth okay I'm
not also talking you don't say the word
at all I'm not in saying the word
it's November and I completely forgot to
talk about it yesterday yes this year I
will be doing No Shave November I
couldn't do it last year because we got
married
and Ali wouldn't let me have a big burly
beard because it was November 20th so
this year I will be doing those Shave
November and yes by the peer pressure of
you guys in the internet land Ali will
be attempting no swear November year for
she's failed every other year that's
what's going on Danny's going to
participate no-shave November do you see
this thing apparently danny has sniffed
out the best place to get Tampa Bay hats
so we're trying to get new ones because
the last one I got again leaves a nice
little red mark so I always going to
adopt that one Marley's hanging out see
hello okay Internet okay what color is
that is that yellow okay here we go
hold on orange yellow mustard mustard is
yellow this is a Dijon mustard punkin
what color is it Internet is that yellow
or is that orange
what you guys think should I get the
little figure version out huh Matt now
you like it well Jimmy corner within the
brain chin one right now so we're gonna
go you guys surprised what we're gonna
be doing we have a little surprise for
you guys alright what song is this
Oh fan of the operator trains being sued
by Phantom of the Opera I think same
melody it's crazy listen to it just sing
the song do it
boys samseong yeah you guessed right
this is what we're doing all right we
got the expert working on it right now
my boys did you stick your hand right
there it's good luck okay yeah it's a
new tattoo
just do it thread tattoos
and the official creation of the Wi-Fi
boy there we go
dance photoshoot that's a good picture
for so the Wi-Fi boys are official we
now have our Bradenton hats with our
logo so expect a new album 2013 that
dude looks like he's peeing in them we
in the bush what do you smell daddy
where was that
Zoey where's Marley
I win finally took a shower after
realizing I hadn't taken a shower in two
days
I know disgusting I was like you know
what I need to go out I need to get some
fresh air I've been cooped up in an
airplane you know like when you're on an
airplane you're just getting that
recycled air and everyone doing dad
noises and like mucus and coughing
especially now there was kind of getting
sick so I just needed to get some fresh
air because Eric like you know that
feeling when you get off an airplane
it's just this like grimy feeling it's
aren't just trying to avoid right now
and it's so nice again in Florida had to
go outside I forgot where it was where's
your food
show me where it is oh is it this way so
we're dirty follow me okay do this door
this shut is it okay what happens I open
the door now where is it where is it now
it's right in here no no I need that
light you need to stop where it's my B
button where's my B Part C retail outlet
is shut up up she'll get to you
eventually so this is what my camera
looks like right now I gotta go get it
replaced
you won't come what you're getting blaps
so this is what we're doing so halo 4 is
coming out and black ops 2 is coming out
halo 4 is next week and I think the
following week is black ops we're gonna
go to the midnight releases on both of
them we're gonna come back we're gonna
do drunk gaming I'm gonna edit all night
and then but by the morning the day of
the release both those games would be up
these are one of the two most
recommended games that you guys really
wanted so rather than waiting we're just
gonna do it the day is released we're
gonna stay up all night and do that for
you guys so that'll be on Ali's channel
what is halo
I think hail is the fourth and the 14th
is black ops so those are the we those
really good ones
oops I mean a 13th not the 14th I just
finalized my halo 4 pre-order and I got
a free temporary tattoos so I told the
lady I would wear it on my forehead when
I come in so maybe that's all that they
have something hanging out the back of
the car perhaps an arm that's what I
understood I just pre-order in Halo 4
next door yeah Hey oh is that how you
climb up in the counter and do bad
things
well the nice people replace my camera
less and learn always buy the extended
100 ways by the warranties on cameras at
least the damage control ones especially
if you vlog a lot the dogs chew on it oh
they went to cutter rawhide it's just
shattered scissors you go this way and
I'll go that way which is right this is
not a good idea
this is a recipe for me slicing my hand
open what was given Tosh point out as we
said earlier Ali's doing no swear
November trying to and I'm gonna do to
know Shave November in the comments
right now I want you guys to guess on
the date hopefully she goes the whole
time but I want you guys to guess the
date in November where if she breaks in
she cusses I have a little bleep button
so we can at least help or a sensor Ali
got my bleep button
Kim again
Gonzaga certainly
can someone please tell me what stuff is
going on here I mean this is ridiculous
I can't even get a god clue but anything
that's going on I broke it haha you're
cussing too much
talking about wow I've never heard that
come out of any lady's mouth ever that's
Wow
we'll have an alley pool what day will
Ali break know that I want to say
November 5th I'm gonna have November 5th
I know I had forever fifth huh mark I've
my up and cheese okay we'll take it the
one thing this dog will not eat eat it
jeez jeez great one to get it three what
is this oh crap you found it
who's jealous pesto mozzarella goat
cheese tomato broccoli parmesan oh and
jalapeno either Marley is getting to be
really smart and figuring out how to
open my office door or we just didn't
shut the door it's true we did didn't we
this is from Amy W I apologize Amy but
the Pigface got into it
what would you find well there was a
bunch of toys in there and I thought you
know Zoey might want it
wait
were safely at sexy
giddy with y'all trippin
with Dirty Harry
