finest export no talk to a
representative top to talk
doctor perfect stop talking
and give me a representative it's
probably the stupidest thing to do with
one of these things on my head
English mics come on guys time to
representative to a representative yes
yes yes okay are you freaking kidding me
that is mine I didn't mean for you here
you go mate I put a tiny bit of vanilla
in the fresh whipped cream this time
thank you
they're asking for there's no brain huh
range their brain is good I've tried I
like scented I'm trying to send signals
to my brain so like it will swipe well
I'm just trying to like cuz I think you
know let me see this the thing today
like the little graph so I'm trying to
like remember the time and try to do
something and see if I can see it so
right now it's 211 already all right see
if it worked
now you get your oh by the way look at
this look at this still get the marks
still get the lives well okay go got it
this is Nestle isn't it Charlie you put
your arm through the freaking neck hole
I didn't do that part you did that part
I'm stuck alright so I'm on my way to go
get this stupid thing off my head I was
running late for the vlog because I
uploaded the human Wikipedia video on
the trailer of each channel so I'm
uploading and driving I'm just like
I could upload while I'm driving there
so I'm gonna go get this removed
hopefully the guys gonna let me like
record the graph or with like film it or
something like that because I really
want to see what it looks like I want to
show you guys watch my brain level is
just like this am i dead but it's just
like nothing going huh
nothing going on up there before I left
I was reading a lot of the comments on
the human Wikipedia video I am so pumped
you guys like that video so much and
you're sending to everyone send it to
Ellen I saw a lot of you guys were up
voting on Reddit and everything so it's
really cool it's really going everywhere
I want you guys to keep sending it to
all your friends and tweeting it if you
haven't checked it out I'll put all the
links down there in the video
description and I'll do something at the
end of the video but again thank you
guys so much it's so awesome and
hopefully we can get us Steve some
recognition hello again mr. fat horse at
the removal process Oh
my hair can breathe look
he'll just feel those pieces so it's
like a glue no it's cold um it's just a
paste like a conductive paste and it's
made specifically for this test it does
dissolve in water it just hardens or
hits it gotcha it's kind of like
toothpaste you know but it doesn't
dissolve in water and the water hits it
you just work at it a little but if you
soak your head it will come right out
when you shampoo
goodbye fat horse oh my god my brain
they kept breathing in ouch
I cannot believe it just today for those
of you no I did not just hit my face on
the camera as I was walking out talking
about my brand it looks like I have so
much oil and grease in my hair from like
the glue and you know when you get a
sunburn and you go like this with your
forehead I just move up that's what it
kind of feels like overall the sticky
tape you know I've got a bummed Charles
to point out with the battery pack can't
explode things anymore
okay we're shopping for a raise hat
because that's apparently the only thing
my dad wants me was birthday according
to my mom so hopefully we got that right
when we thought he wanted what I liked
the vintage style ones like what Charles
has bad let's get the rhymes like the
old style would be wrong but well that's
alright don't worry about a thing
it's another that's okay that's a little
low on your eyes I think you just move
it up just a tiny bit I in I know it's
cuz dad's had to try it oh my god that's
scary I don't think you I you know what
I'm gonna leave that in the video I'm
gonna say Charles edit that out or Ally
edit that out but I think my mom needs
to see that face
dad birthday time dad birthday time well
I ready to get high
ready for Charles smart dad sister to
get in here at hand
didn't we have that thing where they
give you way too much food you take it
home for the second night is that a
thing that's a thing
hey we're gonna give you two meals
instead of there's one because they
already give you away too much food so
let's just say we're gonna give you
three meals and charge you less money
what are you gonna get pumpkin
cheesecake but we're glossing over the
fact of what you saw punkin chunkin pump
okay Hanukkah I know what it is but it's
fun that's my cold you gonna call her
she's about to say it's more fun at all
they call I'm cold I'm cold I'm cold
it's up dinner thank you
my mom just like dumps a ziploc bag of
candy as if she's like some sort of drug
dealer my mom's the candy dress
hey guys I'll trade you my my skittles
and crush the Smarties into a fine
powder for your super red what I got a
pink I'll give you a pink starburst a
Milk Duds a Reese no I want I'll give
you a pink starburst and Milk Duds and a
skittle you know I'm trying to trade are
just a capitalist over here and a
Reese's don't know the trading game I'll
give you both of these obviously does
not get the whole game what strawberry
nerds are bakers
you're gonna try to create nerds you
know you can keep my great nerds okay
because revenge for my sister being
little and may not able to finish the
last Monday's trying to protect your
flashlight because she's going to take
it was they your head was that you're
ahead
hey you get some pumpkin pie
would you like the precious the precious
I thought I did the other day there we
go props props found it
this use your hand it's putting your
mouth do it do it oh you got good oh my
mom to the rescue tomorrow I have a show
in Michigan which is gonna be really
interesting because I think it's gonna
be the first time I'm gonna be in snow
this entire year actually
so naturally being from Florida I am
totally prepared I have jeans and
t-shirts it's just one of those one-off
shows again so I'll be back the
following day but gotta pack what do I
pack for the it's snowing right what is
the weather like in Michigan oh boy oh
boy right now were you watching this
video tell me how cold it is in the
comments tell me how cold it is I've
been freaking out because it's been like
70 degrees in Florida can you beat that
is it colder anywhere else you want to
go in my backpack see Valley and you and
Marly could fit my backpack I don't
think so you want to show off your final
room you know I've shown yet can't show
association can I show them yeah okay
that's like it all right say good night
a row saying see if you can beat the
temperature what is the temperature
right now see if you guys can beat this
let me know if it's colder wherever
you're at right now because 61 I lied I
thought it was 70 61 that's like that's
an honor cat house say connect to the
internet sorry all right all right
Zoey's in good I'll see you guys
tomorrow don't forget to wish Dennis a
happy birthday in the comments so we can
read that when he watches this video I
will see you guys later
oh and don't forget to watch the new
video on the Charles review channel the
superhuman Wikipedia I'll put a link at
the end of this but I'll see you guys
tomorrow all right guys well I'm gonna
go to bed but I just wanted to remind
you if you haven't seen the new video on
youtube.com slash Charles Trippy it's
the one where Steve is the human
Wikipedia and it will
well you're flicking mine so if you
haven't seen it you can click right here
or in the video description below if
you're on a mobile device or something
if you've already seen it because it's
pretty awesome
I actually really appreciate all the
comments and you guys tweeting it reddit
in it and facebooking it and emailing
everything getting the word out it's
been so awesome thank you so much for
the positive feedback keep it up guys
but I'm gonna go get on an airplane now
and I will see you guys later hope you
have a great day right
worse yet
giddy with child tripping
with Gianelli don't forget
