the lonely Panera lunch there's no one
sitting across from me today
very sad I was hungry so I just ran out
of the house Carl's just walking the
dogs but I'm gonna get my snacks anyway
talk to the doctor in my head my noggin
is clean yeah noggin yes so let's fall
on your head that you just found out
hello this is oh he's excited oh good
funny story so I took my dress back the
one that I got on Oktoberfest
I brought my dear and bill back to the
dry cleaners because it smelled like
baby vomit or whatever so bring it to
the lady and I'm like I'm really sorry
about this but is there any way you can
dry clean this again because it smells
terrible
oh no problem you know let me check it
out she smells it she kind of makes this
face at me like I'm crazy
are you sure when I see it that that's
kind of weird it doesn't smell to you I
smell it it smells fine if you leave it
in the bag the chemicals smell from the
actual dry cleaning can linger on the
clothes for a little while it will make
your clothes smell bad and I felt like
an idiot because I went in there like
ready to punch someone like my stuff
doesn't smell clean and she was like
yeah you just had to take it out of the
bag that was my embarrassing story and
I'm just standing there holding it just
like okay I'll take this back now so I
start all of this detail work that I did
again I did almost all of the trim in
the entire room and it's all the wrong
color you can actually see it here I
know it's really nitpicky but this is
the color they mixed and this is the
color I need like I was like oh my gosh
that's terrible no let me make you one
for free so this is what he wrote on
there no charge previous bad match love
Chuck no that was pretty nice with him
obviously yesterday everyone was having
subscription problems YouTube just broke
so I wasn't able to upload the video in
time I'm actually going to the doctor
right now I'm using my phone to upload
the vlog drunk gaming and the vlog I'm
getting what's called a eg right so it's
like they put all these things
electrodes on my brain and make sure my
noggin is cool another noggin test it
was supposed to be a three day thing I
was supposed to wear these things on my
head for three days but my doctor is
awesome and he talked him out of it it's
a head brain test another head brain
test so slow come on drunk gaming I'm on
dial-up come on what is this out hold it
together every time I push record it
comes apart like oh my I've never done
that yes you have spent the K is not the
only one anymore
that's one junkie horse it's too much
cheese boost for him alright guys I'm
getting my my brain like marked right
now cuz we're gonna how many it was
twenty three I think twenty three
electrodes they're gonna be on my head
for 24 hours so these are little things
it'll make me a cyborg does coffee
affect it alert no wait there's this
like spikes in their brainwaves
you get really sweaty
alright I'm plugged in I feel like I'm
in the matrix right now is this
real-life matrix what you guys like new
fashion
it's a new fashion alright so what I
think it's gonna do is like amplify
everything on my brain and then it's
just going to see the wavelength I guess
I don't know I'm just guessing I've no
idea what it was gonna do well now you
don't have to get a Halloween costume
I am currently plugged into the matrix
that way no matrix yes that looks insane
call me neo from now on Neil okay you're
pretty good and this is my purse first
oh how cute your little man bag awesome
looking good they like that
I always keep my eyes closed but it's
not a rave in Stinson's drove lights
gonna go on like it japanimation that's
it's more annoying than anything so are
you supposed to keep your eyes closed
because it's brighter we want to see
your reaction to it but it's gonna be
better if your eyes are closed and it
reflects through your eyelids faster and
faster and then when you're finished the
camera is like having a really hard time
picking up on the flashing weird now
it's almost going as fast as the screen
it's so crazy is it like a regular flash
cuz it's just a strobe light Wow
that's what okay I was always told not
to look at a strobe light don't look
directly into a strobe light next test
we look into the Sun yeah that is so
crazy it looks like a computer monitor
on your face really that's crazy you'll
have to look at this footage beep-boop
what is your the man oh my god
I'm get away your man purse I will be a
robot all day be a robot I'm gonna be a
robot for 24 hours now 24 hour Robo man
what anyway can I do I came in let's not
do this in another Road okay let's go
not in the road why
apparently they couldn't opt for the
wireless version of this thing
every time I move is like wow oh it's
not like drilled into my skull but it's
like glued on or something I don't know
it kind of pulls you know I like about
the thing every time I see you I'm like
oh baby ready to go it just looks like
you're always ready to go somewhere it's
like you just prepared to just go take
on the world
the moment does not compute feed me Oh
Bender's hungry where's beer oh my I
should take the shot of espresso and
then a shot of vodka so then it's like
there's no way that actually sounds like
a horrible idea I hope you really cool
to see the brain waves uh
like a robot up there
we're I'm gonna beat you up Lily I have
an idea
least all the energies uh-oh I knew the
camera looked weird because the lens
won't open all the way Charles wonder
why that happened Charles maybe someone
shot it with an airsoft gun Charles I'm
a robot and I blow stuff up
no try it
whoa babe you can't blow stuff up in
public
oh-ah pulls finishing up the Steve video
that you've been Wikipedia video cuz
that is now live on the Charles Trippy
channel like I was telling you guys
yesterday I've been working on this
since the London gathering and I just
wanted to make sure that it what you
know is perfect so please at the end
this video I'll have a link or so the
link is in the video description go
check it out go watch it it's pretty
fascinating and if you can please send
it on your Twitter your Facebook email
to all your family members tell them to
send it everywhere the mission CTFxC is
for this video to go viral so that way
more people can see this fascinating
mind this is kind of ironic that I have
this thing on my mind right now
litora I got this thing on my mind yeah
there's a lot of CTFxC ears in the video
tip makes it even cooler if this video
goes all over the place and now the
difficult task of trying to cook with
this thing keeps bumping into me you
guys want a carrot good for your balls
you're all holes grab it it's kind of
ironic since you weren't able to even
see it okay grab it again pretty girl
get your all hose better okay
buddy I want to keep my hub you look so
bored so I keep walking around I never
get this thing is on here and I keep
forgetting that I have a first on
everywhere I go I just like oh yeah I
got my purse I got my purse guys let's
go that's around pocketbook and shoes
are you a pain in here looks good though
I like it I like a lot better than the
other color you go yeah you want to you
want to paint my room my office go for
it I had a question if you could be a
robot what would be the very first thing
you would do as a robot like robot Ali
but then he wouldn't be able to protect
John Connor today I wouldn't do that you
got a little perplexing paradox here a
perplexing paradox I would probably like
find a way to like floating on outer
space if you guys were turned into a
robot for one day 24 hours like I just
was turned into one right now what would
you do what we tell me in the comments
will be the first thing you would do as
a robot all right I got to figure out
now how to ah also my brainwaves are
going crazy right now
all right you know there's no real ie
here right don't film it okay excuse me
Charles why was there a spike around
midnight
oh I have no idea I can't even look up
to look at you guys much
what they have on my way now my chest to
anybody
what are those focus wasn't right on my
head
all right now the hard part of getting
this shirt on I have to put it backwards
oh my god Hank I want to call those
anger spikes when they ask me that they
are what's that Charles oh just an anger
spike you know do it
I'm one mitt I'll see you guys tomorrow
go check out the give me Wikipedia video
blow up well guys I finally got the
video done you can go to youtube.com
slash Carl's trippy or you can click
right here on the screen or in the video
description below we have a mission guys
I want you to send that video to every
single person you know it's truly rare
that he's able to do what he's able to
do let's get them on a TV show a talk
show
let's get them on Ellen I don't care I
just want people to see this go check it
out guys send it to everyone and enjoy
I'll see you guys later
wait
psst
with y'all trippin
with tertiary don't forget
