good morning everyone
I leave for New York and it's pouring
rain right now I'm a little afraid that
placing delayed and all fun fun stuff in
the park consecutive slightly ok time
together gonna be a good shutter you're
going to miss me what kind of
yeah yeah well maybe no I mean you know
I miss your head I'm just maybe your sex
good we're weaving every time but pretty
much the bath night very mad for me more
we're here so I think it's really nice a
good time let me miss ya Decker words
Gary Becker I can't hear try like scam I
gotta get this fun I needed a 42 degree
from you right now I got a good doctor
like that to like dizzy does is usually
at home they were required time for a
second and and they realize it's kind of
like more time to do their own thanks to
me huh fine anymore one all right away
from us like
especially putting yesterday first on
the video I was like mother you want to
go for a walk and she's like no didn't
even get up I tried the whole like going
outside slamming the door really Ammar
and usually she's like she calls water
she called my bluff I think they're
sticking out statistically now I have to
leave for New York get that show pretty
excited for the show Downton to be gonna
be a really big show but that also
requires me being in New York for a
couple days I like New York but I just
don't like New York at the same time so
exactly and then I might I'm not sure if
I confirmed but I should be in LA next
week after the total eclipse I told her
I will not try
although be pretty free to travel during
the Eclipse that I have the best view
but I'd also probably go blind the worst
that's
he had pilot recliners love that I'm not
lying on an eclipse
I'm not going to fly on any clip
stamping toter by killing that cat
where my pants
did I say that nobody
all this crazy certain college this sign
will apparently iron at the way till
five o'clock the JFK where switches to
LaGuardia and I'm modulating our so that
sounds like three hours no big deal out
here on little level things my friend
lever this blue side before the elevator
I don't know should I pop the blue
the company
there you go
this
thank you
so when you don't need three or four
whores and treat yourself
concerning is a really flimsy plate okay
the cockpit completely working welcome
to Richmond I know that's not really
what you wanted to hear but here we are
the station sorry
Norfolk you're not getting all behind
here so what's happening here is we're
waiting for a gate agent to put the jet
way up to the airplane more minutes
patience they should be letting you off
the airplane go stretch your legs and
once we know what the plan is we'll be
sure to communicate it to you physically
as I was talking about
apparently Guardia I think I don't know
what's going on with that but we had to
circle in the air for our sails close to
an hour and then we land out feel that
is not something you want to hear on a
plan like I'm sorry guys we are out of
fuel we have to kind of do a quick
landing to reveal I'm kidding
so that was terrifying and originally
we're going to land in Jersey Newark so
I was like screw it I'll just get up get
off then and just drive to JFK or
snapchat came or just the city didn't
even make it to Jersey I'm in Virginia
right now couldn't even make it that we
didn't have enough fuel but it was such
a freaking small small airport nothing
is open there's nothing to do at least
like if it was a bigger Airport I could
you know walk around and do something
right now that is the end of security
that's the end of the terminal that's
the end of the airport this is an
interesting day
Starbucks there's even open sector than
my savior ain't a so I'm so glad we had
a travel day today at first if this was
like the same day that we had a show
that'd be pretty bad funny part is I'm
in Virginia I don't know where the rest
of the guys are let me in still in
Florida
I honestly it's so funny I'm winning the
group text everyone is somewhere else
well first time for everything again I
mean all the years I've been flying this
is never
happened and God but at the same time
makes things a little bit more
interesting shake things up come on
Delta just give me a private jet it's
sex 21st birthday I need to get there I
got super nervous right there that's not
our flight thank God okay so this is
what we're looking at if there is right
in there not that bad
no Florida I just came out of that I
started to get
so as you saw what I was doing
looks like Delta decided to throw this
thing honestly within three feet oh man
and it's midnight right now I'm
exhausted okay finally just got here
fed up with Casey who had just this one
of a day and feel like everyone did we
all got a beer like one o'clock now I'm
just going to fall asleep but a great
day oh and this is birthday late
birthday creation on High Priestess I
appreciate you yeah yeah I'll be the
room number or the journal call me
Adrian pizza unis 631 is going to be the
excitement for tonight you're going to
listen that a Frankie's new CD pretty
lets us become in TV news teens you go
to a high man Khandala
hey never you bring the bed okay
hey you see a tickle you seen I take off
my support Joe are you don't want your
album recording really on the Trinity
Bob all ideas lay down transmitted all
transmissions
are we gonna be frightened Toby into the
2017 equivalent of the guy who I go to
play Wonderwall I didn't be doing that a
Goo Goo Dolls visesa iris how about you
try never Carrillo next week I don't
right it's been a weird day I know what
I need to go to bed tomorrow is a long
long day again we were playing the
Billboard Hot 100
Zac they thanked people like um so yeah
we're both going to go to bed right now
wait the Estonia cleaned the bed and
personally expected by alanya yeah she
also has a special request even with the
ghost of the hotel say this bed before
and I are seeing this where our guys
we're gonna go snuggle no seriously I'll
see you guys tomorrow I'm sorry today it
was a weird day but you know running out
of fuel on an airplane is always going
to be a weird day but I'll see you
tomorrow bye this
