you make no quip cream flipping some
cool whip whip cream hi good morning
girls
your sort taking up all the room here
for the humans that are trying to be in
the car that's fine we're just gonna
face backwards well Jesse is shooting an
airsoft gun yes Ted hang it out all
right can I put on my coffee my coffee
perfume the coffee breaker remember
yesterday I was saying that we share I
could coffee fragrance if such thing
ever existed what would be a really
funny name for a coffee fragrance coffee
coffee coffee coffee coffee by Charles
name this delightful fragrance give me
your best name suggestions in the
comments you know the really funny
actually actually made toffee like
coffee perfumer Coffee Cologne it'd be
so stupid because all you can do is just
walk up to somebody with a cup of coffee
just dump it on them and watch the
closing coffee you made your bed now
sleep in it lady
look at this she put her but Jesse was
making this nice little pile of fall
colored leaves the tiny little amount of
fall colored leaves that we have from
this one crape myrtle tree right here
and Marley decided to put her buttocks
directly in it up fall to pay fall to
pay she doesn't care it's on chair you
have to cock the gun honey you have to
come
no no she's gonna kick some ass don't be
good please stop except this shoe it
yeah right there
bullseye almost keeping this sliding
down but you can see where they've hit
that look that's cool
did it really
it was the dead-on shot you guys are
shot you guys sorry
and you see where it was dinged or I
shot it
so it was about four years ago I think
Ali's first video she shot me with a
paintball gun you guys remember that
remember that there you go get ready
so Ali's issue be with an airsoft rifle
kids don't do this at home unless you
have an airsoft rifle but still don't do
it at home wait you're hold it higher
higher in the neck hold it hold it
higher one Oh God - sure made a mic
already yeah already wait wait wait
so this is the bullseye you shot here
one - where did I get ya oh my oh my god
you're so dumb that's one we're not
stopping until you hit a bull's-eye or
leave it close these are awful shots
Harnish just shoot and film the bullseye
ah that was insanely close what ready
that was a good shot that was the same
spot last time are you serious
oh honey okay no more I'm done
no more no I'm done no good no I don't
like hurting you this is so weird I've
gotta get a bull's-eye I'm so I'm so
close that counts okay come on you gotta
get the green you do it you do it I
think
that was the exact same spot no look one
two three twice you get a bull's-eye yet
I'm a really good shot I hit two in the
same exact spot these things are what
it's not like a paintball that's tiny
look at that yeah we got to get bulls
like come on it's like no more you want
me to shoot you no you sure go away I
have the gun
Zoey's like okay just making sure you're
not shooting daddy
so the bullseye isn't anywhere near that
one so I don't hit you in the same spot
again they lump up like a bat or
something that's the same joint all
right
what don't judge me back
oh you'll gladly shoot me in the back
all right I got it
oh you get it I got the green you did it
I did it
Haga song let's get ice now please Zoe
I'm sorry I shot your daddy she's pissed
what do you want got though whoa
a little tiger feel just feel it what no
no watch this feel it it's lumpy what no
because I know you're gonna go back no I
agree
scouts honor gosh that sparks honor okay
you did this to me yeah so you were
supposed to protect me so he was looking
out the window and a squirrel ran by she
just kind of jumped at the window popped
the screen out and Marley took off and
so did that book yeah that was mileage
on the back in the window oh my god oh
my god
windows are just smaller doors really
that is one badass car
I love it each day's been progressively
getting colder and colder and car
apparently there's a hurricane going up
in New York in Pennsylvania in Jersey so
hopefully everyone's okay you know I
gotta say it's kind of nice not to be
the butt end of a hurricane which
Florida usually is we actually get the
crappy weather now we're getting the
good weather from it so it's been a nice
little change in the best part it's
starting to become my favorite time of
year
Coney season not too cold but not too
hot perfect perfect little blend Charles
Nichols went to the park for a little
while but I'm still feeling kind of sick
my stomach's kind of upset wonder why
but anyway so I just decided to stay
back and work on the necklaces because
you guys were awesome and we totally
sold out like really fast so I want to
be able to get them to you guys as
quickly as possible I'm excited though
it's really actually enjoy making these
for you guys I think you're gonna really
like them so I'm just gonna try and bust
them out what are you doing whoa that's
the wrong way I think she bruised ego I
always feel so stupid but I hate brand
new Chuck's and how like bright color
they are so I was walking through grass
and just shuffle through try to get them
as dirty as possible they should start
selling Chuck's had already pre dirtied
oh man I really hate to admit this but I
think Ally's right I think I ruined it
by shooting the camera it won't focus Oh
tell her that dog you guys better
appreciated that super slow-motion shot
cost another camera thankfully for no
questions asked warranties see just I
kind of want to just go up to them I
just be like dude ever just take my
chapstick man I don't need it just keep
it just just fix this situation
our favorite game ready hold on I guess
my year what's wrong with our dog guys a
demon has so I wasn't gonna do this but
remember when I was talking about when
Ali shot would paint balls it was a long
time ago it was one of the first videos
we made together yeah so here is the
like little bonus video for today you
can go check that out it's on the
Charles Trippy channel this special
guest Phil shoots me and I promise he
asked me to do it both times don't get
mad at me so yeah click right here guys
check it out laughs and subscribe to
that channel we have some more videos
going out there and we'll see you guys
later thanks for watching guys enjoy the
video
it's the other way though
yes
with tripping
we're easy
- it would be an ally don't forget so
anymore
