what are you looking at hey hey oh my
god I found him my nose never lies oh my
goodness guys
oh good morning I just want to scream it
oh my gosh nothing can bring me down
today I rarely have morning's like this
I am NOT a morning person
I hope that you guys get I hope that you
guys feel like this when you wake up in
the morning and it's nice outside
I'm so totally affected by the weather
it's crazy these are the best days of
the year for us so I hope that I'm
transmitting some joy through my
computer screen right now through your
computer screen right now that would be
weird if I were in your computer I Oh
beautiful Zoe you're a little far away
so she's lost in her own world I was so
hungry I haven't done this since I got
back from touring I'm surprised I have I
had a pup of seven public so I had to go
get one my mom has agreed to help me
with final party preparations we just
made a mad run through Publix it was so
insanely busy in there and there was a
woman with rollers in her hair so she
was obviously gotten ready for tonight
mom
he's pretty she was probably 80 years
old she was she was my hair that you
probably should never do the new scent
by Charles Trippy coffee I picked up a
few hitchhikers ride any guess is why
Marley might be down there on the ground
instead of on the seat this time I mean
just look around the photo any ideas at
all now the most fun part of all baking
and I totally get to do it I'm gonna eat
them better I know you're totally not
supposed to do that especially because
there's rags in it but you know what do
it anyway cuz Salmonella is worth the
risk
for you to sell another you coli I can't
write that something nope someone else
chicken maybe it's you coli anyway it's
something unpleasant that can happen to
you
rags but I do it anyway every time so
I'm gonna make some really cute cupcakes
I'm I have these awesome little things
that I'm going to stick in the tops
after I frost them ice I caught you
looking at my cupcakes I caught your
nose up in the air those are not for you
are you video by that cart is like the
size of your entire body times 24 like
true felt bodies in an even cookies no
nothing it's like it's like a wall of TV
like the Isle of just TV this is like
the Charles cereal I don't think except
way more cool and modern stuff Charles
just kidding I love you
watch out lady wait I need to do this
though a Charles would do it hold on he
would do it like this
it just slides like my I almost crashed
into that display what the popcorn
roller yeah I feel like one day if I'm
ever super bored I'm gonna like buy
everything on this aisle and lie in one
of the rooms in my house with it and
just go crazy it's all just like tissue
and paper towels it's not gonna get hurt
we should just buy a crapload of paper
towels and line a room in our house with
him and then let me feel like a bounce
house like run into stuff well that'd be
fine I've always wanted to do that like
with mattresses I feel like memory foam
lining your whole room anyone tell me
where I can find some whores don't wear
Berets
you're doing the ladder crab-walk you
know it's bad luck to be under a ladder
right is that the loophole if you just
stand under a ladder it's like good luck
it's like the best luck you should be
under you should stand on our ladder and
buy a lotto ticket at the same time
you guys ready to go outside it's
starting to get cold bunch of cold
fronts are coming through Florida I'm so
pumped come on let's go let's go enjoy
it they always act like such puppies
when it's like this ash around the
corner unless you found some poop then
she's probably eating it so eh what is
your end goal by doing this what are you
trying to achieve let's go get cookies
and what cookies
how's Louise you say it like um oh yeah
it's on me yellow AG he's like deeper
right Ali was gonna win her Oktoberfest
thing and then I was gonna wear mine but
it stinks mine smells like it was like
like someone used it to clean up baby
vomit that's what it's not so Ali it has
to be Luisi again and now we won't be
matching I should be a mushroom I could
paint my face like a mushroom it'll be a
banana I'm a no ang oh my gosh the
reflection from the camera that's a lot
of tiny weenies right there Zoe don't
weenies for you the spread is complete
we have everything all laid out and it
looks excellent except now I've got to
make this punch and I have no idea what
I'm doing I'm gonna do is you got to put
these ingredients in that maybe a couple
of foodie things to put some vinegar
eyes banana in the banana in the song is
not a song it's not a dog it's the
Nana's in the funk
bananas in the fuck bananas and the fuck
is not a log it's not a jog bananas in
the fuck he lies to the left
he slides to the right he sides to the
front then he slides out of sight he
slides to the left to the right
he starts at the front and then he
slides out of sight
I'm so excited yes you are who wants a
tequila shot anyone wanted to kill a
shot so he wanted to kill a shot Marley
you know that I moved the red jello
shots from here to there view or guys
very much together
look at this that's stopping Wow she's
like Mother of God you go as the CTFxC
defeated by a bottle of 363 I can't
believe no one open this I feel defeated
right now this is like koala 13 where
they're trying to put the square into
the circle 15 minutes later
victorious there's nothing wrong that's
why you pour the whole bottle you
literally thought of everything
you're like the same person
turn around okay Charles come in here
this is a thing fine Charles Charles
society oh my god you guys look way too
much all right there we go this might be
fake too yeah here's a fun story he
shaved at one time when I was little and
me and Melissa got scared - how're you
do this inside human beer pong
yeah are you a vampire
sorry if I would cover that up it
on the side I feel he's taking your
thing
yeah
see what you did
and worse yet
which all tripping
with Josephine Harry
