okay let's go for a walk Marley let's go
for a walk come on come on let's go
bye let's go for a walk oh that is that
what's gonna be
no things Charles doesn't a car by
himself part two
all right this is what everyone sees in
this in the star I down hey it's a
rising my own little world
I think he needs help I gotta get back
to focusing I was sent to try to find
some drunk gaming games back to work
whoo there's a new Call of Duty oh this
halo 4 mmm speaking this is the one ours
been waiting for two years when this one
comes out that is going to be the
greatest drunk gaming of all time
oh that's right I have to try to find
something to be able to record old old
systems I don't know if you guys can
tell if Ali's excited or not it is 301
right now sees 301 and I went to go
check the CTFxC Murch comm website and
this is what's coming up you guys
crashed the site completely crashed it
everyone's trying to refresh to get the
necklaces what is up with the CTFxC and
being able to crash every website every
single time any time we have a new like
like t-shirt or hoodie or necklaces you
guys crash it don't get me wrong I think
it's absolutely amazing that you guys
are that hardcore high five on high five
seriously high five
ready one two three yeah we got to do
the pumpkins now before the party
tomorrow so it was pumpkin do you want
you gotta go get non-toxic finger pain
now nope those are lights that's a
pumpkin quit stretching pre-madonna
which one pick a pumpkin no we get it
you can stretch nope those are lights
again
pumpkin yeah we get it you can stretch
pick a pumpkin
here's the secret if you ever have to go
to the juggernaut the scary juggernaut
ain't crow sorry the juggernaut that is
walmart go in the the garden center and
go out the garden center never line
almost set us needs all right finger
paint finger are you kidding me
see remember when I said that Angry
Birds is this generations Mario like we
had Mario they have Angry Birds I'm
really stuck that theory is starting the
whole true now finger paint I'm assuming
since this is going to be on kids it
should already be non-toxic right when
you assume it makes an ass out of you
and me my mommy's always say that to me
oh wait wait go forward go forward honk
the horn
I think this what you were doing that
face looks like she was gonna eat my
face what are we this time travel to the
1990s forgive me my beard will scratch
your neck if you don't love me come on
that was disgusting I thought you threw
like a wet booger at me and then they
stopped it
I found another one got it every single
time I start to clean something they
start making a mess again and like he's
doing right now making every week a mess
got her dinner nope you missed nope you
missed oh this is Zoe's favorite game oh
all right time to pick a pumpkin which
one you want come on girls pick a
pumpkin wait is that your pump okay
barley picked her pumpkin my stop
heating here pump dude you can't have
that way don't you want that one that's
the one you want I want that one
I want that one they're rock scissors
paper scissors ready paper rock scissors
shoot paper rock scissors shoot two out
of three paper rock scissors shoot paper
paper rock scissors shoot oh wait just
so we know cuz you rock
can I see your rock you do y ou is your
rock you won not to do it three you got
a pick one which one
healthy green maybe easier actually for
me to just put it on but instead of
making your Dipper first don't worry
guys this is non-toxic hey boy I got an
idea achievement unlocked crazy dog
people okay
I'm sorry you bored make sure that I'll
get all of it okay that's a tow fail
things are getting interesting you I try
you would put that out you're gonna use
yellow on an orange pumpkin why don't
you just use orange you guys know farts
are funny she's going to hate this
because she hates when stuff gets on our
paws
yeah did it work it worked look laughs
it worked
yeah worked
she's like scary man we should have
given Marley poo brown in Marley's
finished product there we go number two
there we go
you don't move interface oh that's
actually more characteristic goes oh
she'd rather paint that perfect
representation of Zoe never paying
attention oh okay pump again where that
contracted so now we have to pick what
we're gonna do yeah
I don't want to show you guys until it's
done is this how we're really gonna do
this I doubt this is gonna work very
well I'm gonna share all right I broke
mine that looks like it's working way
better than mine was yes
like oh god we're trying to do this the
proper way guys and by that I mean like
we were eight years old careful you
don't cut yourself going in the depths
of the pumpkin guts this is my favorite
part of Halloween the pumpkin seeds
homemade pumpkin seeds yeah I'm not
gonna say anything but what does that
look like I was gonna say pumpkin seeds
get your head out of gutter
I don't know if it was just because it
was smaller but when I was little I felt
like there's a lot of more guts in these
things now they're all seeds this used
to be so much like my dad used to help
me hired but do you think it was because
you were small or is because there was a
lot of I think it's definitely smaller
everything's felt larger than mine it's
the most challenging part trying when
you look at it you look the design you
guys see which ones you gotta cut out
I'm gonna show you guys the design tom
done but like it's gonna be a surprise
if you have guesses or what I'm doing
type in the comments and we'll play a
game and see if you guys are right but I
don't want to tell you guys out but like
when you have to figure out what part of
the pumpkin you have to cut out like if
you just cut out like a giant see right
that's fine but then if you have
something like an eye you can't just
puncture that you know it has to have
certain things that are connecting the
pumpkin stone infused oh don't
char oh my god you're so dumb you know
that looks so disgusting oh those are my
teeth
let's see you smile yeah okay okay don't
spit in the bag uh we'll see the thing
is I got an intricate design so I'm
trying to shave off as much as the
inside as possible so it's you get a car
uh-huh yeah uh-huh
it's the expert way to do it uh-huh it's
quite expert
is that your rage it's not it's not a
prop it's alcohol that's that's crazy
that's alcohol right now Zoe open up
Zoe open up now to make my favorite
thing about Halloween the pumpkin seeds
I'm glad I got that on camera babe use
the freaking okay no no see you heard
the note right see I can't use these
things the towels but their Halloween
towels
ladies in there decorations I can't
believe this I just got a letter from
dftba and it took six hours for the
guitar pick necklaces look at this out
of stock I did not foresee that
happening at all that is unbelievable
that's a really fun project I don't I
don't know if we're gonna make more
necklaces pick Nicholas's or not we're
still kind of talking this base is
really time-consuming you guys saw it
takes a lot of time and we're always
traveling and were always busy always
filming we're doing the vlogs if it's oh
hi Marlee want to say hi no I just want
to I want to sit right here make sure
you're saying everything properly did
you say Marlee rocks because if not
that's what you should say for anyone
who wasn't able to order it that really
wanted to we'll do something I don't
know we'll come up with something to
make it up for you guys if we don't make
any more you know what you know what I'm
gonna make Marlee think about it it's
your your responsibility
Marlee okay you you up for the job will
you think about a wet Marlee we'll have
like a Marley cookie sale or something I
almost forgot about these are they hot
yep little moment of truth there's my
ups always were always ruining stuff
there's mine that means Marley
oh okay not so good walk by Boys Wi-Fi
Wi-Fi all right let's let Ally show me
out oh my god that came out so good
thank you no so good I think so where we
ever internet who won Ally
for me Zoe Bartholomew trip you know the
one ally or myself not sure if
professional or what the is that what no
no no don't open the door
hey and cold there's a spider my
pumpkins broken Wow
wait
yes
giddy with y'all trippin
with trippy an early don't forget
