you look coffee by all means Zoe so
today's the day the homemade guitar pick
necklaces are go on sale Ali's just
finishing up right now oh yeah you can
go to CTFxC merch calm and pick these up
and once they sell out I'll probably be
a while since these are obviously
handmade how did that happen I'm trying
to look all cool on camera and do one
and it's like fail on our way I have to
get a another MRI as like a checkup
yeah Hepburn got to make sure my noggin
is okay cuz it was every three months
then six months is it nine months March
April May June July August September
October almost nine months it's almost
been nine months since the surgery March
you know it's a large so every three
months I have to get an MRI just to
check up so I'm going to do that right
now and basically go no all right no
it's kind of crazy times 2012 just went
just blew by we're gonna be married for
a year
yeah and I'm so happy I doing this I
would just be freaking out I have to sit
in there like 30 minutes or something
that was like her gonna get coffee after
going to doctors it's always a
nerve-racking thing like I know I'm okay
it's just at the same time it's just
like look Kurt it's freaky
oh you have my glasses on I don't about
this really hard no I don't know I think
I think I needed click yes click yeah
click it
oh he's got a lady much time I mean
backspace backspace back lol I gotta
take oh man I hate this
yeah find out what you can't
oh I'm not gonna eat that it's still
chocolate it's gonna make a master of
course she have a bunch of candy in here
I brought it for when we met James's
daughter she didn't want any of it she
want to Kenny can't even rush stranger
that thank know me yeah I'm glad you
offered offered a piece sharing huh you
don't need any candy oh I don't know any
you bill I always said to hide it from
you so I'm asking I'm hiding it in my
mouth
ok just feel like 3 mix done I got a
boo-boo
ah why because it's weird because I can
contest so they can see like different
things like the injection but when you
do it you can like taste it and smell
and all the here Charles isn't a victim
of many medical experiment well now that
that's over with can I get some coffee
my little nerd come on
use my coffee give my coffee I just
dropped my iPhone it's funny because I
totally enjoy going bareback with my
iPhone
hashtag things I should probably rethink
before saying slow and easy
wins the race oh wait don't pull it off
yet babe give it a little bit time I
want it off now
okay do you just go fast babe get it I
am oh it didn't come off what I'm
bleeding
but not from the cut and bleeding from
the bitch
look Kittanning look at this I got a
package I got a package smell my eyes
like it's probably for me though Oh your
smell it
is it good the best part is it's good
what is it Oh
must be from YouTube nice that's awesome
it's a great box Thank You YouTube oh
that's so cool
congratulations that's cool paper it's
like super interior transparent paper a
DSLR bed oh my gosh I'm gonna use that
YouTube is so nice and yesterday I was
complaining about the changes on YouTube
that took way too much convincing to
take you somewhere
I was talking to Ali and I was saying I
spelled out ba th literally spelled it
out and she freaked out obviously you
can't get a bath in here wait what
things Charles does in a car by himself
way to go Brainiac can't get through
there you want to follow me to the door
now or do you want to keep sniffing you
guys are doing the exact opposite of
what that's designed for you're supposed
to be up there I can't even count how
many colors right there what what what
what what what
hello hi we're hyper hyper who wants
cookies I'm secretly bribing him but
they you want a cookie
you gotta get a bath too then ready to
get back
I mean cookie ha oh she heard it oh come
on Zoey no no I I say cookie I didn't
say that other word they evil word come
on so for yesterday's pretending the
house was on fire Frank oh you didn't
see that watch yesterday's vlog I put a
smoke
fog smoke thingy builder what everyone
calls smoke machine fog machine there we
go I got it eventually put it in here
pretending like our washer/dryer caught
fire and the entire place was full but
anyway my punishment is now I have to do
all this laundry was worth it it was
worth it right the prank was pretty
funny it was pretty good right you know
when life gets all crazy and hectic one
thing that's always stayed the same
is the cereal aisle always gonna be the
same I feel which is awesome something
you can rely on wooden lights got you
down it you don't know which ways up
come to cereal except this one it looks
like dog food when I was smaller Melissa
and I would always have an argument on
who got to like pop the little tube
already really ready I was still pretty
fun still get it when you're an adult
welcome to pod yeah you will get those
scrumptious pizza and the spaghetti
beautiful look I'm Mike Myers oh I
wonder how many people watching we're
just kind of like thinking to herself
what powers would want to kill me so
we're trying to figure out how to record
a couple games of drunk gaming right now
sounds like Marley needs to go out but
we're having this problem listen to it I
don't get it
we have one of those it's called a hot
page hdpvr and we're trying to go
through the Nintendo 64 this is just a
test game because we've already done
Mario Kart in a previous episode I can't
figure out it just does not want to work
any video game nerds out there any gamer
nerds please let us know how you guys
record old consoles like SNES Nintendo
64 NES Sega we pretty much got Xbox and
PlayStation 3 down and the Wii but we
just can't figure out those so please
let me know in the comments so we can
figure out some old capes so Justin just
had the idea of using this zombie is
this a VCR player what is a VCR player
what does that stand for she's gonna
drop it Ellie could you hand me a DVD
this I don't I don't know what it goes
in here
I think oh my god I think we could
actually put the Eclair lets it put it
on entire blue right in here see if this
actually works oh my god it works
perfectly there we go I can't believe
that actually fits yeah I just tried
another one still doesn't work
yeah I just tried another one still
doesn't work still doesn't work do you
want to hear a funny joke a label very
good for you
oh that was a joke I'm kind of busy now
but I can see you later - my son the
same thing again why is Peter Pan always
in the air anyone and he never lands a
right gonna back out wow you're gonna
really come up Oh see you later
see you later it's late as you can see
just in an alley are starting we finally
figured out something for the drunk
gaming episode that means it's time to
go to bed or a tunnel hanging down don't
forget guys the pic necklaces are now on
sale and the individual pics are all on
sale at CTFxC merch calm we have a
serious small limited run of these
because these were all handmade by Ali
and myself and though you know once they
sell out they sell out for a while we'll
try to make more if you guys really want
but they're on sale now
first-come first-serve you get the
necklaces or you can get the individual
pics themself they're actually the same
pics that I use when I'm on tour this
idea came from you guys a really good
idea so if you guys have any other
merchandise ideas that you guys you
really want to see or you guys really
want let us know in the comment
so we'll try to make it happen we've
done that with all the shirts all the
hoodies in the past and the bracelets
I'll see you guys tomorrow
have a good night and really seriously
back isn't it all right I'm gonna I'm
gonna go kill this thing again all right
I'll see you guys tomorrow good night
again
yes
with tripping
with Turkey and Ali don't forget Zoey
Marley
