we're closing in get in go
whoo I think I'm gonna start doing that
every single day just like pumps you up
into a good mood I think it's like the
cold water just like shocks yous like
wake up all right go get the coffee did
you guys like doing that that was kind
of fun right
good exercise do you still want that $50
you might want to level off your head
then is it cuz this ear is too heavy and
it just tilts you over is that what's
going on so you can't have my sandwich
that has a jalapeno that has onions that
has hot sauce pooping up your mouth you
would not be comfortable so since the
other day I was telling you guys that we
had some issues with people not getting
the videos in the subscription box to
this day when I logged in to upload the
videos today in yesterday's failed rally
didn't the drunk gaming fail because we
had problems yesterday this is what Mike
page looks like now it almost looks like
they're just trying to adapt Google+
totally first if you guys still are not
getting the videos even after doing the
whole view everything and switching from
highlights to everything all that stuff
if you guys are still not getting it
right in the comments I know videos -
your username so examples on the screen
and then I'll just write down that in
comments I'm gonna copy and paste every
single one of them and send them
directly to YouTube and hopefully they
can fix it
what other suggestion is pinning the
CTFxC channel and all our other channels
onto your homepage
that might work that's when you go on
your homepage and has that little
thumbtack thing make sure all our
channels are that or go into the manage
subscriptions and do the whole email
when a new video is uploaded and then
that way it'll email every time we
upload a new video and hopefully one of
those ways will actually work for
instance if your homepage looks
something like Google+ right now go to
manage subscriptions you can find all
our channels and then at the top it says
show in feeds and then email when new
videos and just maybe check both of
those and hopefully one of these days
it'll be fixed if your page looks like
this go to view under subscriptions and
go to everything you remember yesterday
Dennis gave us
this fog machine I thought it'd be kind
of funny to set it off the house and the
other side the room cuz Ali's painting
maybe 10 like she forgot to blow out a
candle and that the house is on fire a
second thought but a dude in the laundry
room weakened like her new washer and
dryer like it exploded
is there a candle on in the laundry room
or something oh oh my god oh oh my god
that's pretty good though what is that
the bug machine you bought happy
Halloween you bought a fog machine so
now it's on fire oh no the pools on fire
put it out Zoey now begins the process
of making the picnic Lass's that we're
gonna be hand making for you guys for
this batch I think we're only gonna be
able to make about a thousand of these
since we're making these ourselves we
didn't really want a company just you
know manufacturing them we thought it'd
be cool to know that you know we took
the time and actually are gonna make
these for you guys and I think we'll
have about 2,000 individual picks
outside the necklaces so all right what
guys they're doing that oh all right all
right the inaugural necklace
buh-buh-buh-buh Shipibo to chipper but
to chip the book every time is that our
first one all right ready
first 199 more to go
Oh God someone will get a lucky one that
Marly has worn and probably tried to
take off
Oh Molly they look so pretty
are you protecting them we got two guard
dogs make sure nobody steals them yeah I
got it no big deal but if you fall
asleep somebody could take them your
fault Zoey
wake up zoey is eating ants right now
she's she's finding tiny little ants and
you're Zoey just imagine if you were a
tiny ant the big giant animal just
licked you up yeah you're you're not
really supposed to not supposed to eat
the frisbee Marly
you put your head down to shame what's
going on you are not one of my dogs who
are you oh wait you're my dogs so we
just got done about five hours making
those necklaces and okay so a lot of
people been asking when the necklaces
the pic necklaces and the pics are gonna
be available the answer is Friday it's
going to be a very limited run so it's
gonna be like first-come first-serve
but on Friday they will be on sale at
CTFxC merch calm so if you're planning
on getting the pic Nicholas's be ready
on Friday gooder scoot this way and
they're off
I'm not hauling you I don't know the
phone oh you fell you fell c'mere giver
we have a new rule in the house Ali must
hide the candy otherwise I am going to
eat all of it here's the thing about me
I have just when it comes to candy I
just have no control no no self-control
with candy I'm just like walking by I'm
like Oh Oh piece of candy Oh piece of
candy Oh piece of candy she's like oh
you could just totally put that in my my
bowl Oh perfect yeah I level now two
days ago we had problems with the PVR
and it just wasn't recording so we
uploaded like a blooper reel yeah so
it'll be at the end of this video you
can check that out on Ali's channel but
it's just like a blooper fail drunk
gaming fail so it pretty clearly
communicates that it is not fake it's a
hundred percent real go watch it and
you'll see exactly what I'm talking
about look at the bonus video for today
talking about you turning we're talking
about the most difficult songs to beat
on expert on guitar hero and rock band
they're talking about fire flames like
yeah through the fire and flames
Dragonforce they had one guy do the
strum bar and not so they made the
guitar down yeah and maybe Bucky fingers
it makes me think of like some of the
first times that Charles and I ever did
live shows we used to just play rock
band serious addiction we had a serious
addiction like one what I used to drag
down to Tampa from Tallahassee like
every weekend and while I was in school
all weekend the unit's play rock band
vlogs like in the early May 2009 it's
ridiculous we were obsessed Ali was
looking at Assassin's Creed footage and
look at this
ready the gameplay footage there's the
photo it's quite similar
quite similar indeed it's nearly the
same angle all right go to bed hey guys
I hope you enjoyed the vlog be sure to
go and check out this new episode of
drunk game it's kind of like 6.5 because
we sort of failed and for those of you
guys who think that this is fake this is
a pretty good example of how real this
can get so kind of embarrassed it's a
little embarrassing yeah I think it's
definitely embarrassing but go check it
out I hope it makes you laugh and thank
you guys so much for watching we'll see
you next week
worse yet sexy
with tripping
with champion Ally
