and the moment of truth time to remove
the paint just like the most fun part so
you take putting tape on is like the
most annoying this is the most fun all
right okay nice look at those lines look
at those lines I feel so stupid so the
iPad Mini just came out today I've been
watching the events and I know it's I
know it's not not something I need but
what do I want it Apple is so good love
it or hate it they are so good at
marketing they just give you a little
bit like when they introduced picture
messaging and video messaging to the
iPhone remember that will give you guys
picture messaging it's like didn't my my
cell phone from 1999 have that now they
made an iPad Mini yeah you know your
iPad mean it wasn't the too heavy and
your iPhones just too small well get the
iPad Mini such a sucker are you gonna
get the iPad Mini do you think it's come
on can I get it
are you gonna get the iPad Mini are you
gonna just get the regular iPad what are
you gonna do you wouldn't get the iPad
Mini no I feel like SnipSnap feels like
it I don't know what do you guys think
what are your thoughts
that's what Danny just said to pretty
much the same thing
what I think he's gonna go to the dark
side that's actually part of the
schedule
all right that's been annoying so the
first thing we do this morning I run out
to get some errands done and girls is
like hold on we got a stop at Starbucks
and so I'm thinking his standard you
know look at the coffee but it flew the
snake got me this after surgery now and
I just got a ground up he has a whole
bag of coffee that's good as good can
people do what you did I really don't
think they do
Charles stop it's very good
before the Europe I bought a case and I
think you know what I think I'm gonna go
naked I think I was oh my god you just
sneeze all over me did you just oh I
cannot believe you just did that
oh my god you sneezed all over my I
don't even remember I know I'm just so
disgusted right now I don't know it love
to do I wanna fart right now so I am
going to ally sleeps with her mouth open
so guess who's getting a fart in the
mouth you were getting poo particles in
your mouth obviously that's the same
thing what I was saying was that I don't
think I want to use my case anymore I
think I'm gonna go naked I don't know
why I just like to feel big phone now
that now that feels completely stupid
saying after the fact you sneeze that I
don't want to talk anymore
Mei Mei Mei it bought the wheels look
like they're not even spinning because
of the camera the other day I was going
through my phone and I just randomly
stumbled on this photo that is that is
the first photo said that's the first
photo I've ever took a Zoe and it was on
an old cell phone camera about six seven
years ago it's on my Instagram you guys
go sit I want to ask you guys a question
if I alone when you're trying to type on
an iOS device and you start like typing
it and you just completely butchered it
but you're like you know what I'm gonna
trust the autocorrect and then it just
does something really ridiculous and I
know we're nowhere near it at all
this happens to be almost every time I
take someone the last word is messed up
but it's highlighted so it's like it
will correct it and I just hit Send yeah
and I let it do it but there are times
where the word is inappropriate yeah I'm
like this is to my grandma I really hope
it doesn't send the wrong see I was
trying to write someone I have no idea
if I was drunk or what but that's what
happened
ask marine if you guys have a huge text
fail tell me in the comments because I
feel like those are the funniest things
in the world is the text fails one of
the worst ones I've ever done is give me
a stack and it cracks it too sexy do
what happened you can drop it no it's
duck yeah he gets pulled out it's bought
up no not the pumpkin leave the pumpkin
let's keep moving come on you're getting
obsessed and I can only imagine in like
20 years
what she's going to be like with
decorations let's go I gotta film this
while it's still rushing my mind so I
was getting some more candles for our
Halloween party and Charles Charles goes
oh my god that's a beautiful lamp babe
that's perfect for your office I think
it's very long shui I just got like a
huge pack of candles and a bunch of
warranty light holders and Charles is
like how come on you're literally
burning money you're literally lighting
on Lady
alrights that time of year where do we
dress up marlane Zoe oh we should get
Marley a pig costume yeah though it
could be a skunk so sure sure it's not
really be a shark it's like a sharks on
your back yeah how about a hot dog if
any of you guys have dachshunds are we
can wiener dogs I want you to dress your
wiener dog as a like a hamburger I feel
like that would be the best thing in the
world
doraville for pets only so he's gonna be
a bat
or you know what Zoe needs to be a skunk
because she always but juices and makes
up for Oh God
I'll get this just for you oh no no I
don't know don't do it I will eat it off
oh don't open my
but you've been a bad girl
if you break it you buy it just like
Monty Python no it's like oh there we go
yeah so now I have that was my knee not
bound is gonna be a below legs deck
clear daddy
now he's gonna like this for the other
party so you like it in the fog yeah get
Zoey to go
teamwork
sorry can I see it really quick Oh hon
this is way too big for you hold on hold
on Eddie that this dragon Marley along
said I'm starting to believe that Zoey
doesn't know how to jump one more time
jump look like you know how to jump do
you yeah you don't know how to jump
I don't think he knows how to jump back
and brocco baby yeah oh my God look at
it's like it's like a cowboy's riding
riding on our back looks so funny
back in Bronco cars oh wow your turn hey
get some pig outfit she's so excited oh
my god look at me
Henry a cowboy you wanna go run around
you and go bucking bronco
oh god no you're a dick she's trying to
bite it off
fuck fucking Bronco since you guys
helped pick an awesome color for the
living room we thought we'd do this
again so we want to do the kitchen right
these are the colors that we want to do
right here we got blue we got periwinkle
we got seafoam and then we have green so
just like last time since you guys
killed it with that color behind me what
do you guys think blue periwinkle
seafoam or green let me know in the
comments you guys killed it last time so
alright so I got three options for
dinner okay well she's she's got a color
that looks good though I like it what is
the color you guys chose I got three
options for dinner what do you want
where's your pig costume if you put on
your pig costume I'll give you more food
you are all about painting now aren't
you you're like it
do this like the tram and stuff first so
I can just go buck loud with a roller
look how perfectly melted that is no
Marley cheese pee pants you cannot have
that he's got a yellow smile so he
probably should go to the dentist oh
yeah he's got a little plaque buildup
you're like a monkey up there
wait
worse yet sexy
with child tripping
with trippy in early don't forget
