what the shit is this Ali did you hide
all the good candy she hid all the good
candy oh boy that's a happy Zoey right
there oh my god you are ridiculous
Zoey oh here comes a boy Marley don't
steal it I know that be it CeCe's Zoe
she's like did you get gypped out of a
treat you guys both got shipped out oh
that girl didn't give you a dog treat
do they know who you are she's like I
will just take your coffee then sir oh
my god it's a spider oh I gotta pull up
oh good oh good oh good oh good oh oh
was the car covered
Oh spider just blew into the car wow
that was the wimpiest thing that could
possibly have just happened to me okay
ready for the pumpkin festival oh there
they are
see if we can fit on it yeah yeah check
out all these awesome cars sick punch
what you read no punch back spoke too
soon I got punched for blue and yellow
the least appetizing place ever
it's a cow chips frog legs Oh God
we've got an all-american hotdog but oh
my god was that a pumpkin cannon okay so
there's this game apparently when you
get inside these big plastic pumpkins
and you just run into it oh that kid is
doing it right that gives do all right
all right here goes one on the right
these spots and watch he spots them all
the parents are throwing down money I
got I got ten on that little kid the
green shirt I got ten on the beak on the
white shirt and now we wait
all right let's take bets in the
comments do you think as we go over that
barn or just before it or hit the barn I
think it's gonna go over
all right I'll see if I can follow it
this time good luck yeah it's even more
now
oh my god so nowhere near gonna go like
this that's what I was just gonna say I
thought I was gonna hit the bar but that
was no I was gon go on a hayride
he's driving though I know it's kind of
shady looking and now Ally's impression
of a horse
there we go before summer what hey
Shivani I haven't been using so much
time
scarecrow no Jessie that's a horse the
Internet yeah he's looking at your head
this is exactly how all of those
Funniest Home Videos start with someone
dunking in front of it so let's analyze
the situation we pay to do his job and
feed Hannibal
is it
you got a share do you think they have
some deep-fried stuff fried Snickers bar
that's obviously a fun okay for you you
gots a boring fried Oreo sandwich
cookies a fried Twinkie which is like
why do a and that is ladies and
gentlemen a fried of fried peanut butter
and jelly sandwich how is it not thank
you probably the best out of all all
right I have a triple bypass fried
Twinkies exist but what is that nori oh
sorry you got a little hello get a
little something there yeah the powder
pillars Nature Center are you got a
little something on your your face
ladyandtramp this
I love you oh you got something in your
hair
I can't take you serious if you're mad
Tyrone Biggums come on I'll get you I'll
get you come here
she is the youngest female glow brighter
today only 14 years old
so the little boy was 10 years old and
the girls 14 think about when you were
10 years old or 14 years old and what
you were doing I thought I was awesome
doing at home Wow my wife wait at the
cow and that was a dog in a stocking
see if we can do some runway music in
the back that recording do you think
that pigeons just being an asshole just
gloating the fact that it's not on the
cage here's a fun little thing I don't
love everyone's ever really looked at a
goat
their eyes are rectangular see look at
his eyes they're rectangular Marley ma I
didn't Marley get over there Marley
Marley my bad Marley
he's gonna take this is just like Marley
Marley always steals from Zoey the same
noses these are awesome
which one no you can't you can't just
get the first pumpkin you see honey no
no you gotta keep looking gotta keep
looking sucks
look at this one this was perfect look
at this one this one is which one
they're coming after that dare I say
they're trying to squash my existence
that's a good size kids just stepping on
them yeah yeah we're not gonna get these
pumpkins kids are just thing all over
pick that big ol pumpkin out oh my
goodness it's got a good consistency a
good weight feels good this is gonna pop
out be pumpkin right here about a B
thought babe it would be best just
pumpkins and pumpkins and pumpkins and I
want to take to his pumpkin to become
how long does it take to get for a
pumpkin to go from Osito girls have been
appropriately harassing the pumpkin
patch
all right Burt Reynolds oh my god don't
blame me
Marley pissing off another squirrel this
is Charles trying to put this springy
thing back up on them all right guys
well I got to go to bed oh my seriously
we have zombies still I told the best
guy all right well I gotta go home and
kill this zombie but the secret phrase
is omni's only know how to say that so I
guess that's the see I will see you guys
tomorrow good night
oh and by the way there's a bonus video
today see what do you see the effects
tears made it of Zooey Marley myself and
Ally done sneezing like a dubstep it's
pretty funny so it'll be after this
video you can check that out shot I
gotta go kill the song but enjoy the
bonus video guys and I will see you
tomorrow alright
around my wife of a o ro
we wait
yes
giddy with y'all trippin
it would be an ally
