you never really valued the amount of
sleep you get until you have to hit
snooze at 4:30 in the morning just to
get an extra three minutes
oh my guys it'll show number and wait
wait are those oh my gosh alright this
is the way to wake up open no idea how
this has happened but is one of those
first times where we've taken off
already and we've landed and it's still
night time I just totally boned this old
lady as you know like the loudspeakers
in the Air Force they like speaking
English and then view in Spanish this is
this crabby old lady right next to me
she's like what's with the Spanish like
floud everyone hear it I just kind of
looked at her I was dumbfounded looked
at it I was like you do you understand
you're at an International Airport and I
just looked at her and I just walked
away it's not really good
I love fist-bumping the conquistador
everyone thinks I'm crazy
dr. Don say hi yeah so buddy slicing
strange but I think he actually
recognizes me that's it's dumb right
it's a bigger don't think say I don't
know who's laughing just stop save
yourself together
come on come on come on no all right
never mind this could be a sign of thing
today being an awesome day like I'm
gonna go get some coffee and then I was
like you know oh and smaller girls like
you want a grande right like no tall
please
grande right yes Grande and if you're
following me on Twitter which you should
be following that Twitter because I took
a bunch of these free Simpsons things
and posted the codes for you thought I'd
share the wealth
everyone loves Simpsons everyone loves
Simpsons
mom are you can't be there if daddy's
hair good thing bring you Starbucks cuz
I almost brought you one I walk in the
door and this is what alley has all this
crazy Halloween stuff what it's a nice
fall and you put it you float it in the
branch Wow great wedding gifts if you
flip it over at the cake dome lay it all
for the punch I got these freaky bones
or actually really hard and weird Zoe
put a bone that's perfect for it look
I'll eat this baby pumpkin cupcakes oh
my gosh
candy in the black and orange toss well
I will give you 50 bucks if you put your
head straight if you keep your head from
tilting come on no tilting no tilting
hey sexy sweaty burly man yeah gonna
maintain this body just doesn't happen
mr. rock-hard abs big ring sitting
inside enemy Marley jump over that nigga
harder for him
oh those muscles muscles McGee okay use
those muscles boy boy you're gonna see a
butt in about three seconds but okay
watch ready bicycle kick bicycle kick
okay don't do anything bad
make sure to watch Marley okay be very
good look at me look at me
good girl we are going to Home Depot
okay we're childhoods go to die and
we're gonna go get our paint so we can
start paying the office the living room
and the kitchen I could shoot my house
and you imagine with his two by fours
don't can this smells good
Alley we should get a couple of ease oh
my god what am i doing one of us but
then the pine cones walk away Charles
Wilhite you
why is why is Santa catching a Milan he
gets going this it stick your finger in
the hole oh man what is wrong with me
today
why would you get the one in the far
back there's one right there
uh-huh you be nice
well right just just back up do what you
were just doing this is what Ali's done
she's looking like she's concentrating
on something really important like
crucial like life concern but no I'm
gonna turn around I want to turn around
now
ready ready that's what she's looking at
that's bat bat right there I want to go
to Best Buy isn't it kind of weird as a
society we go to a store to buy plants
it's kind of a bit of an observation my
day is getting luckier mister ladybug
what are you doing oh no no no no oh
crap
stupid baby bug be forever stuck in the
store I guess these are lucky bug oh my
god I can't turn it can't turn I didn't
do it on purpose you have giant I
couldn't do anything there's plants
everywhere we're a couple of summer
chums we're so cute I'm sorry I really
been be so obnoxiously excitable see
everything Holly look there's a tree
hailey
there's mulch
kidding there's a squirrel squirrel
sorry Martha get it get it Marley
there's flies everywhere
yesterday Ally found a dead snake and
today less than 24 hours the ants have
completely cleaned it off that's so
insane there's there's nothing left just
bone
mr. president need that alright so we
narrowed down the paint to three of the
selections that you guys where there was
like five I think five or six so we
narrowed it down to three and we're
gonna do one more with paint just like
examples and then we're gonna let you
guys decide I got my favorite oh yes her
favorite the difference so you guys have
to make yes a big decision
oh she's gonna take forever Red Sox just
do like 15 layers pink didn't think a
painting examples on the wall yeah I'm
painting painting painting examples on
the wall so everyone can make a decision
on what I live in room will look like
yeah on the videos yeah
the left one someone's get up back no
you're switching it no internet what do
you think left middle or right okay it's
kinda hard to tell they all look well
the same and then this is the funny part
I literally think you grab the same
color green okay I like I'm colorblind
more feng shui
right here's the distance shot left
middle or right this would be like the
Smurfs room
you got a dingleberry hey you got stuff
on your head again
you got stuff on your head what jump
just jump but he says the job well if
you look right here you'll see that I'm
making my patented Grinch balls and then
if you look over there I'm making my
patented bad ass sandwich uh-huh and so
humble too yeah
charles has bacon some balls I open up a
restaurant what he's what he's good
right you would go insane opening a
restaurant you eat the really cookie
Marley
I was except for you oh she's like oh
you do anything that you do Oh what kind
of food would you make stuff you like
and not what people like it would just
be my call Charles only things Charles
likes no it'd be like a sign that says
only enter if it's this guy and it's
like me going like this uh-huh
here's oh babe probably get your spinach
zombie is finished good for Knotts
yeah yeah the thing
those look so delicious my balls this is
awesome this is like the first night
ever
the were able to actually have the porch
open Florida is actually getting cool
literally okay
need some help yeah so weird
alright well it's something go to bed
don't forget today a Sunday whenever
you're watching this Sunday we're having
a live show it's gonna be our first live
show since we got back put the links
down there it's a CTFxC live.com it'll
be at 8 p.m. Eastern on Sunday so
hopefully you guys are watching this in
time hopefully we'll see you guys there
if not we'll see you tomorrow and
hopefully we'll have a decision on the
paint Ally can't make up her mind still
battery's dying I'll see you guys
tomorrow
good night
it's coming army wait
psst
giddy with y'all trippin
with Gianelli don't forget
