good morning everyone I am pretty much
dead to the world right now however good
I got an MRI today so - doctor's
appointment yay fun stuff I'm so glad
yeah they always are a little bit
nerve-wracking right now I know it's all
good they're still right now char is in
his MRI and typically what I do is I get
work done while he's in an MRI but
typically it's about an hour that he is
actually in the machine getting the MRI
done so while he is doing that I decided
to be a little bit proactive because
typically after he gets his MRI
I always force him to go with me to go
get some coffee so being that the place
I would go to to get his MRI is right by
a service I'm gonna go ahead and grab
some coffee ever get some with MRI we
are off to our second doctor's visit is
lemkos MRI then you go out to Moffett
which is in North Tampa by USF and we
talked to his doctor there so I've been
taking her getting these MRIs for how
many years now that was honestly the
worst I've ever had I had like this mild
little panic attack for some reason is
just a claustrophobia because it's like
right there in your face it's like right
there in your Buffy it's like literally
going inside the tube and just has a lot
of noise annoying the crap out of you
but I just started like hyperventilating
and just having this like panic attack
inside there first time has really ever
happened it wasn't there wasn't severe
one it was just enough for me to make
them stop everything and we had to
restart everything so it's it's a little
long or than normal now you had to go
get all the results or all that fun
stuff I would feel like this is like so
tight on you but then I touching it's
not tight at all that's like a river
elastic yeah a feeling I mean I'm okay
not some just because you're like it's
like I can't being in tünel it's like
literally going like this and then the
problem is it's in a tunnel but then
your head is like so it's something
that's over your face yes something
that's like on your face that keeps your
head from moving so you're not only are
you in a tunnel but you're like how do
you remain calm with that that's the
problem sometimes you have to psych
yourself out for some reason today I
couldn't take myself out so it's not
there and I just kept in so they don't
give you anything to make you like calm
I don't know I've never asked that
before but Zagreb an amazing force are
you feeling okay then I feel fine it's
just I'm glad it's not gonna stress
little claustrophobia yeah well sucks
nobody I saw that pasta phobia
claustrophobia say like that it makes it
better
so across the failure I'm like I'm a
British Australian do a compute a man
claustrophobia just gonna make you smile
you need to dig deep in crime where it's
all right frontal I can't take apart
this section
this area of your brain housed something
that was probably roughly the size of
this right this is the size of a brain
actual brains can't be their actual size
that's probably the size of someone's
brain yours picnic trees both sides of
that typical blonds grave that's real
sweet honey I love you I know you have
your scar bit I wonder how big was the
size of a golf ball
oh maybe remember you see the video I
don't want to watch it that blows your
mind you know I know what's it
hmm too big for your head he wants a
pony tail are BL r o w what's a repeated
phrase notice and about too bad though
it is there's what's up I know four
words of love
I was actually testing him on our RV
trip fun spelling he did okay so you
select autocorrect really many ways open
yeah yeah this was this you idiot
yeah well she's like it's spelling bee
champ so again and she cheats a little
bit I did cheat weekend but it's like
saying that like a baseball player I
challenge you to a scrimmage game Patti
told world wo rld x-callback red BL BL r
o w it's hard that's like doing the
whole like do this I'll pencil PNC IO
knots not backwards oh I
II see and EP sir laughing I don't think
it's right it's out make me wait sir
this is hard leaving out the deserts
like all hand AJ and II stop backwards
dnh hit the hand side Halen for you okay
how about you do racecar racecar snow
backwards the same thing r kc e VAR r AC
e CL are ya guys oh yeah look you're a
cont ug r so I fell backwards no yes of
course I think ru tu p mo see if you
didn't know a lady was a Spelling Bee
champion almost really in suited folk
folk I Tommy
your mom said I could do this there's
Eagles doing this are you barest of
poking into so both we went to Whole
Foods to get some lunch and I never use
that water and look your but a bit
assess fix it
a few spot there they call Momiji
difficult Bochy mas mas você sure
Japanese I symbol so my zone your let's
tell me yes your eyes tell me no so
interesting frat what they do with ice
cream
we I don't know what the I don't know if
I think about yet
the outside is like chewy but the inside
as I like though it smoky of course is
bullshit have you guys ever had that we
just got home as you guys probably know
Charles is leaving tomorrow for New
Yorkers food New York are we playing a
really awesome show out there for the
Billboard 100 top before I murder
Billboard Hot 100 which is really kind
of a really really cool thing and
earlier today we're talking about like
the different people he's playing with
and it's such an eclectic group of
musicians so I think it's gonna be kind
of an interesting thing for you guys to
but what I wanted to show you guys so it
doesn't look this bad now with diesel
you're just in the office getting some
work done and diesel you can't see right
now but he Cordy don't move don't move
buddy he's got like a little hole right
there something I don't know what he did
but somehow he has cut the top of his
nose and it was bleeding everywhere
yeah I know we tried cleaning that off
you can ask another back we were just
cleaning that up and right now I think
I'm going to try and go take him to the
vet to get it checked out because if you
look he's got this long thing across his
nose and that kind of worries me just a
little bit want to go to the vet I kind
of think you do do you want go to the
vet yeah yeah all right so it's Big Sean
Major Lazer Major Lazer marshmallows
dead Demi Lovato DJ Khaled what is it
Gucci rain Waka Flocka young thug tie
dollar sign we the kings cash cash
that's kind of cool capital cities
that's pretty cool Rick Ross we the
kings whose them just kids
that's pretty cool let's think there's a
lot of really awesome people that are
going to be there I love that in Marsh
mom a jar laser so it's gonna be awesome
oh and I love weed king I love with
Kings are awesome just fell asleep
kind of had a rough rough day obviously
today never had kind of one of those
little panic attacks knees in an MRI so
it was kind of little scary for me it
wasn't really like a panic attack it was
more of a give me the hell out of here
to have a thing usually I'm pretty good
about getting those MRIs like I may put
the disc I must like myself out listen
to the beat I guess a beat but the the
day 99 dang or noise whatever the
magnets are making but for some reason
today I just it I don't know it was just
like it got to me and I kept having to
squeeze the little emergency thing and I
was like cap you need to give me out of
here now the running gave me I think it
greatly was because of the the thing on
my face like if it was just me in the
tube I thought I could be like alright
well you know what I mean puts you in
the tube and then you're like scrap I
all I ever showed you guys I'm living
what next time I'll see if they'll let
me film a little bit as just as magnetic
so I can't really bring the camera in or
anything like that
I remember one time I left I bailed on I
think I told you guys last time I left
my belt on and like brought my entire
like hip up into the metal unto the
magnet it's kind of weird yeah it just
kind of sucks you kind of just her
freaking out but you know in closed
places are just they're just not fun at
all but as a result today it's so
exhausting because we have to get up
like I didn't know how early to go get
the MRI and then the doctors luckily all
the news from the doctor though said I
was hurting me was awesome all good news
which is great everything they showed me
actually you know what I should probably
show you hold on because I've had the
paperwork okay so this is 2017 today is
the date of August 17th that's what it
look like now
and this is what it looked like two
years ago actually just after I stopped
that last round of chemo so as you can
see from there to there we're looking
pretty damn good I know it looks like
there's not much of a difference because
that's a good thing is that there isn't
there isn't any growth there isn't
anything bad happening it's just a half
a nice little hole still in my head so I
still haven't technically an airhead and
unfortunately I don't think that will
ever really completely close this white
stuff for those people don't know that
is it's scar tissue from when they
yanked everything out of my head so it's
like scar tissue around the brain this
is the stuff that we have to keep an eye
on though also too so I wish I had the
MRI of what it looked like with the
tumor in my head because if I had that
and I could show you guys the difference
uuk holy crap that's huge
but I don't loose right now and I don't
really even want to look at it to be
completely honest so private like
horrible memories but that was good news
disease I guess going and having a
little tact like mild panic attacks
where everyone call it was was worth it
yo you want to go for a walk come on
no just snapchat it I'll check it out on
your story let's go right I go to
squirrel great squirrels
let's go let's go for walk come on geez
let's go fine I'm just gonna wing it a
cookie and go for a walk I just got home
Charles isn't sleeping and taking a
glorious nap which honestly I probably
should be doing right now went for a
walk I kind of like a daughter mother
evening and it was fairly nice because
that I have seen it so long
obviously it's nice to catch up with
them but also it's kind of nice just to
separate and step away from social media
my friends being as there's so much a
whole whole mess that's been happening
recently it's it's just terrible it
breaks my heart
konna like I said the other day just
with everything that's going on with my
family and just in general in the world
you just haven't hug your family members
and you want to hug those that are
closest to you and even those that
aren't close to you want just to be you
want everyone to know that they're loved
and that they are appreciated in that
they're important to you and that
they're just important in general it was
really really well important for me to
go and spend some time with them the
world has been kind of shook recently
with all the crazy
could've been happening just knew that
outside the u.s. everything and I think
it's really hard for a lot of people to
maintain positivity in situations like
this and to not turn to hatred because I
know that that's super easy to do when
there's so much hate that's out there
everyone in the world needs this we need
to stand by each other and stick up for
each other and remember that hate
doesn't heal and it doesn't make things
better
Charles and I after you know going to
the doctor and start selling back into
being home it's really important for us
to come and just like step back a little
bit and focus along each other focus on
our families and stay away from the
negative I don't know I'm not really
making sense and I'm still a little
tired I'm still a little overwhelmed
from the trip I mean a favor I know how
easy it is to be mean and I know how
easy it is to spread hate and be cruel
our world your friends your family
people that you may not even know need
more positivity than ever right now
let's try and spread more positivity
let's not be a part of that negativity
that's been going on on and on and on
forever going to push you to do that
100% so I know my rants if any of that
made any sense at all not sure it did
but if it did for some of you awesome if
it didn't to the other people I'm sorry
sorry I had to listen to be talking I
can talk a lot
you
