all right time to get on a plane I'm
gonna go for a call right um
okay oh maybe not I feel like you guys
are judging me those judgmental eyes
you'd be good you be good go back to
sleep
love you love you go to sleep so you
drive good morning so I'm on my way to
North Carolina to Malaysia show and I
just had a mini panic attack his last
two shows I wasn't there to play so
scooter and then nerd rock played bass
for a couple of the songs and I was just
walking up through the escalator and I
was just realizing I was like wait this
is kind of a he's missing and I realize
didn't have my bass and scooter keeps
messing with me right now so I'm still
kind of not comfortable okay what's up
Ken
she's not for a second mine gonna be
like first show back in about a month so
I'm pretty excited for it here we go
again kids want to know something lame
every time I walk down the East Lake
calls I'm getting on a plane oh it's
really good astronaut and I was walking
slow let's presume that I know
mom our side of the Internet stop
bothering your sister you girls now
listen carefully are you gonna hold down
the fort while mommy's gone because
daddy's gone and you girls have to be
good okay what's going on with your ear
Zoey Zoey what's happening with your
ears what's going on with your left ear
it's freaking out right now dude Zoey
what is happening with your head yeah
okay I guess they're gonna hold down the
fort for me while I go and do some
errands hi guys
good morning I'm going to take care of
some stuff Charles went to the airport
SuperDuper early this morning did you
guys saw I was not awake but I'm awake
now and I've got a couple things to take
care of so let's get to it
also I guess I should tell you why so
the reason is that we're having a
Halloween party and I've never thrown a
Halloween party in my entire life before
so I'm like googling all these crazy
crafts and games and fun stuff to do and
I am beyond excited like I love
decorating I've never had like a house
like a permanent fixture that I could
decorate before and so I'm kind of going
a little bit nuts as you guys can tell
from all of the crap that I've put all
over my house already also if you guys
have ever done a Halloween party before
and you have any tips or like you can go
ask your mom or whatever help me out
because I'm a total noob at this so
hopefully if you guys have some cool
suggestions we'll pull off an awesome
party you would think this is our first
time at an airport
what's your the long-long gate again
I was sitting there like okay to me word
hey Danny I guess if you guys remember
correctly that was the BlackBerry store
and they turned into Apple store ironic
or someone you do not know if we believe
that someone has tampered with your
luggage or if a stranger approaches you
about carrying a moron
morning sleepyhead holy guacamole Justin
pointed this out to me earlier but I
just have to show you guys he already
filmed this but oh my god I've never
seen clouds like that so this is
basically my absolute favorite time in
here getting into October and November
in Florida one of the reasons why we
held our wedding in November of last
year was because we knew the weather was
gonna be a little bit nicer this time of
year is gorgeous because it's so crappy
like during the summer sometimes you
know it's nice we can't complain it
sunny but it's so rainy and it's always
really hot so this time of year is
awesome because it cools off a little
bit toward the evenings and it's just
beautiful during the daytime it hardly
ever rains just sunny and gorgeous so
this is my absolute favorite time in
here I just feel like every day that I
wake up in the middle of October I'm
just in a good mood automatically
because it's so nice out cough cough
cough cough cough cough cough cough come
together
gobble gobble gobble go
Oh gross I leave the car for two seconds
and that's what's happening you're
finishing mommy's coffee you're not even
supposed to be in that seat mmm-hmm how
do I know it was you miss the straws all
of a sudden out of the coffee you're so
guilty that is the mark of a guilty dog
hi yes we're going to the park are you
ready
sticking her face out the window you
flat stuff
okay I was it's her favorite thing ever
this is why I like North Carolina the
red brick green trees like seasons it's
snowing with leaves fall leaves paletes
leaves they start to fall and that's why
they call it the fall
yeah back in there in order to get the
trees down run like like rams into a
tree August September October November
ended their forest vows fall it's
mayonnaise we called it caucus history
lesson it was Travis Clark I like that I
like that it's true Google if you don't
believe us this is my hand that's how
big that Hanna's oh gosh Freddie Mercury
has been reincarnated and look at that I
thought of that I'm really surprised
they allowed him on this campus with
that moustache you got to continue the
tradition of around the world Danny is
right now wait Travis is 1 1 I have 1 1
and Danny's pretty much undefeated well
it's not really undefeated but pretty
close
it's a dynasty around the world
did I go in oh yeah the coffee dance
coppy dance
hey Ali a couple people want to say hi
you on hi my name is Travis I'm from
yuan and I want to say hi to Ali I I
think you're Charles make the most
perfect couple
not only on the internet but in real
life okay I'm done I just got done with
soundcheck and I did this really awesome
photo with this app on my iPhone and I
want to show you guys basically I just
became every member of we the kings and
one single photo here wanna see it
that's right you know my photoshopping
job is just you know on par today I
actually wanted to talk to you guys I
was just reading comments and I just
want to address the fact that I'm not
wearing chucks right now and how much of
a controversy it is now stirred up in
the comments I was laughing at the fact
that I created such controversy like oh
my god Charles isn't wearing chucks what
happened to his speak there there don't
worry about it they'll come back they'll
come back it's just basically my Chuck's
are really really dirty and smelly and
gross and I just haven't bought any and
these are the ones I wore on Warped Tour
and they were just convenient oh and for
everyone wondering why I was wearing a
hat in Florida I'm not bald
don't worry about I'd have really bad
hat hair unknown fact there's dial tone
dial did you have finder nerd rock knows
every GI Joe out back I used to have him
there psych out I could spot him
learning something new from the good
guys there's law and order there my
favorite here he had a German Shepherd
Internet how many GI Joes can you name
in this little screenshot I can name oh
my god oh my god all right now there's
big lob they didn't even make a toy of
him but he was in the movie
and that's blurry I brought the girls
out for some nice cool playing in the
park it's been so nice in the evenings I
know I was rambling about this earlier
but it's just beautiful today has been
gorgeous this guy is amazing and I hope
there we go now you can see it so pretty
and the temperature is awesome so
decided to bring the dogs out a little
bit later so they wouldn't get so hot
but now they're kind of just running
around not doing anything what are you
guys doing there Zoe can I pop it I'll
go get you oh I want to get you I wanna
kiss you so this is the part you have to
be the most careful about is when you're
walking especially when you're walking
in flip-flops
always
sure that you are avoiding dog turns
airplane I'm trying to freaking vlog
here you want to just get moving here
come on come out oh I miss everyone in
Europe so anyway as I was saying you
definitely have to be careful because
sometimes people and pick up their dog
poop and it's like really gross we step
in a church Oh feel it I can feel it I'm
not gonna look I'm just gonna I'm just
gonna wipe Oh God
oh it's like hard and uh oh uh got
throw-up
oh my god Marley you actually being nice
to another dog it's amazing it's amazing
that dog must be willing Chanel number
five or something sexy I don't even know
I'm talking about
I got enough sleep sorry I think I'm
just crazy cuz I had some coffee that's
it that's it I had coffee that's exactly
what's going on right now it took me a
second to piece that together because
normally I'm not this fast ik I talk
really fast but I don't normally say
such random stuff I had coffee now you
guys know why I do not go to Starbucks
as often as your office okay this is the
part of the dog park in the evening that
I don't like hunting for dog poo in the
dark because Zoey poops somewhere around
here and I can't find it oh of course
yeah go for it oh there we go there we
go there we go there we go there we go
feel free to prepare your equipment for
your lesson
now I'm in space now that it's recording
ilan local news tonight's top story
give me your scared face shows we got
anchors thanks for letting us in okay
this is cool getting everything ready
well I mean not really you guys can tell
I'm obviously super excited we don't get
to see friends a lot since everybody
moved away so I am really stoked and I'm
planning out where I want everything to
go as you can tell really excited to
throw a party so I'm like just freaking
out getting everything ready got more
candies into Charles eight at all I hate
some do
since there's so much controversy about
the not wearing converse anymore and
wearing the bans in the comments tell me
if I should go back to wearing converse
or if I could rock the dance for a
little bit I'll leave it up to you guys
just like the painting thing you guys
have to see it all the time
so I look forward to reading those on my
four hours of flying tomorrow crap I
forgot which room oh man okay so we're
just gonna try this one anyway I gotta
pass out now gotta wake up in like three
three and a half hours but I'll be home
I'll get to see all my girls hope you
guys enjoyed the video
worse yet sexy
giddy with y'all trippin
with European Ally don't forget
