all right Zoe work your magic cook for
you cookie for you great for me
all right start the frickin day totally
continuing the trend of waking up super
early today I will come at 7:30
I completely forgot there's a 7:30 in
the morning so we decided to take over
the dog park since there's really
there's no one here there's absolutely
no one here they get the whole park to
themself
I can just kind of meditate and you know
I don't mind it's a picnic Marta go
doesn't even care
see I feel bad if that actually bothered
you but you just don't care I take it
back there's one person there's a girl
down there that other than myself that
are here and you know what is really
funny at the dog park because the dogs
are always so social you know what I
mean all the dogs are just like sniffing
each others butts you know saying hey
the way dogs do but the people at dog
parks are the complete opposite where
they're just antisocial and they just go
off in their own little section and they
just don't talk to people that irony is
that like a definitive example of irony
you're white why are you doing that you
don't know it yet but I'm gonna throw
you in the pool literally I have no idea
how Marley survives she drinks maybe two
gulps of water the entire day
Zoey drinks two gallons of water the
entire day if she's fine Zoey's like a
camel she just stores it in little
pouches don't ya hey yeah you're
dripping remember yesterday we went
looking for paint because we want to
basically paint this right here this
section this section the section and
then paint this again somewhere
something different I'm gonna let you
guys give your opinions because you guys
technically you have to see this every
single day just like we do so here are
the samples right now against the wall
okay we have these right here I'm going
to tell you the names and in the
comments tell me which one you think
this one is called deep garnet this is
red red wine this is awning red this is
divine wine and this is chipotle paste
and this is the same as that one so I
guess that's the chief to see this every
day in the comments tell me which color
you think would look good in this living
room area okay those are the names let's
just keep it up a little interior
decorators alright so this one is Moss
Moss Landing mountain forest avocado
Botanical Gardens so we're gonna have to
keep it you know that's gonna be that
color red and then this will be a green
so make sure you match them up I'm not
gonna tell you my favorite I want to see
what your favorite is we're on an
adventure
Marley found something oh it's inside
the pool cage yeah there we go baby day
oh we shall name him Jerry Jerry the
dinosaur goodbye Jerry hello it was a
good friend Gary what are you doing oh
my god can I sit I have to get another
MRI I think on Tuesday or Wednesday of
next week and then I have to get
something called it's called like an EEG
uh I guess one here I want to hear a
doctor joke as well my doctor told me
all right you guys know what an EEG is
it's like something that does brainwaves
and stuff do you guys know what an e GG
is say no say no it's an egg well kahoka
doctor jokes so you know naturally I'm a
little nervous because you know doctors
so you know everyone gets uneasy when
they have to go to a doctor and doctor
appointments and stuff like that I am
looking forward to it because hopefully
you know everything's all awesome and I
can get the all-clear and I can be off
dilantin and by the end of the year I
could be you know totally normal so far
it's been a crazy
here oh my gosh that's ah come on he's
you serious it's been like three weeks
alright so I just talked to a guy who
talked to a lifeguard okay it sounds
like I know a guy who knows the guy he
said that the red tide should be gone I
think it was actually gone last couple
days so come on
twerp let's go Oh much better
nice and clean sup wolf you gonna come
inflate out all right we're good
all right go find Zoe there's cookies
out here there's lots of cookies I'm
gonna eat them all get over here get
over here now I'm gonna combat fantasy
get over here
oh it worked now you're gonna go in all
right
go inside go in the water let's go
swimming let me give you a toupee sit
down okay
this is your toupee no no sit down where
your toupee I spent a lot of money on it
sit down sit down sit down
how did you get sand all over your face
like that were you rolling in the sand
Zoey
give me your best dirt face that's good
that's a dirt face right there you have
to wear that now stay looks good on you
don't care
you ready Oh Marley I'm not that quick
just a while yes I think they might be
tired now
she got some leaps girls doing stunts
like I'm a bug I've always wanted to do
this like get it close to the grass I've
always wanted go for three go full-speed
get in the grass and I'm gonna see if I
can get out of a movie
moving vehicle running full already full
speed
get in the grass more stage oh my god
go get em girls go get him
I'm John Connor and I'm Sarah Connor
okay I'll slow down a little bit for ya
she's like hey Dad how's wondering where
you are
you tell them off for being an idiot you
tell us and that ladies and gentlemen is
how you reenact Terminator stay do what
I say not what I do there's like a frog
but it's flat you know I can't see right
don't worry we got to keep it above six
miles per hour
hi hi kids don't try this at home unless
you have a golf cart okay Marley are you
actually driving a golf cart it's
impressive
Florida sunset
so unfortunately we've been having a lot
of people you know tell us in the
comments on our Facebook group and at
replying me saying that they haven't
been getting our videos in the
subscription box for you know a couple
weeks now or a couple days and I'm going
to show you guys and I want you guys to
make sure this is actually the correct
setting for you it's a stupid setting
and it's a default setting on YouTube
and it doesn't make any sense to me but
I'm gonna show you guys how to correct
it and hopefully this is gonna help you
get the videos in the subscription box
again first go to the home page make
sure you're logged in and then you're
gonna see this little tab right here
that says show uploads only so you're
gonna click that and it's gonna you know
show your uploads so people you're
subscribed and then this is the
important part go to view and go to
everything for some stupid reason
highlights is the default one but you
want it on everything and then all the
videos are gonna show up again so for
example if you think yesterday's CTX
innama or anything like that it'll start
showing up again so please everyone do
that now and hopefully you guys are
gonna start getting our videos back in
the subscription box if not please keep
telling me in the comments keep telling
me in the comments go I'm gonna make a
nice list YouTube asked me to make a
list of users that haven't been having a
subscription box work so hopefully
that'll work fingers crossed
tomorrow I have a show in North Carolina
just like a one-off I'll be back on the
following day we've gotta try to clean
out all the crap that's in my bag from
the trip like it's so funny how like you
can accumulate so much just a random
stuff
oh my headphones oh my headphones are
gone okay well if you're in Europe and
you find my headphones
do you mind sending them back good
anyone home today
please don't talk while working inside
your mouth I got any kids I won't tell
you again please don't talk while so I'm
working inside your mouth oh let's have
a cheeky little taste and just smell
your breath oh oh that's right that's
what
worse yet sexy
with y'all trippin
yeah
with Thierry
