good morning guys and when I say morning
I actually mean morning I am still on
this I want to say terrible jetlag but
at the same time it's been freaking
awesome I've been going to bed about
like 10 o'clock 10 or 11 o'clock at
night and waking up at 7 or 8 o'clock in
the morning and I've been getting things
done that I haven't been able to get
done since I was in college it's awesome
it's not hot out so you can run you
don't have any traffic and there's
nobody in lines I think my life is going
to change oh is it gonna rain oh boy the
reindeers are up Marley is officially on
squirrel Patrol all right look at this
some dog as a sense of humor all right
technically it's didn't poop in the yard
that's pretty awesome Oh what escaped
Zoe this way look so I couldn't find
Marly and I look all over the place
except for the one place I didn't look
that's where she was you're not supposed
to be there dude want some coffee but
just don't use they don't use my straw
okay you can have some coffee just don't
use my straw okay oh you're actually
drinking it that I didn't think you
would do it you're addicted you may not
have any more coffee yes of course the
spaciest dog likes coffee oh man I gotta
sit down my head's spinning today is the
17th of October it's also the day before
Ali's warranty on her phone is expired
like it's just up and get this her phone
broke today it's the best time I'm so
lucky the best timing in the world and
by the way no I did not break her phone
she because it was working until you
were using another trap no oh my gosh
I'm so popular he protects me oh it's my
dad I sent my dad a photo of Zoe in
front of the that sign that said no
pooping right and this is what I wrote
can't tell him this junkie phone pic is
about us quarter inch square looks like
baby so I was playing another game we're
gonna have Ally do her persuasion skills
what do you think is gonna happen
don't worry I'll use my persuasive
skills
I'll help you you know what I want to do
one day I want to wear a blue shirt and
come here and see what happens there's
water I'm just kind of just gonna look
in if you're Dylan says I guess where I
go yeah like a white string just has my
name on it
five minutes so I just picked up a
random phone and look what somebody did
they made it look like somebody took a
photo and somebody's bought you know the
arm trick we like that
that's what that is it's really funny
look I took a photo of my butt
yep if you guessed Sally's presentation
skills were on point yes matter of fact
you know what he said
oh wait I got it we said the story that
it was one day away right being the end
okay so the guy said there's no signs of
any drop damage or water damage now
she's gloating
yeah we're gloating over here my god I
think Zoey should be just a weatherman
or a weather dog look at it's gonna
start raining
she totally called it come on Apple Maps
don't get us lost I want to believe in
you I want to believe in you yeah
Apple Maps you are an idiot why would I
do all that when I could just take a
right
like best shopping cart ever since we're
at the mall and so super close to Ikea
we're like hey why not just go there
we're doing all of our old staple stuff
by our house IKEA riding around I'm
shopping carts like maniacs new Olympic
sport cart curling beautiful I think I
lost Charles Char Char Charles
all right here oh there you are you know
what which is by past Halloween and
Thanksgiving let's go straight to
Christmas
Charles is hard at work making big boy
decisions
like two shots he did have coffee baby
we're kind of trying to decide what to
do with Charles's office because ever
since we started doing male blogs and
stuff it's all just got like piled up
with stuff and it kind of doesn't even
really look like an office and he
doesn't even work in there now so what
Clark just call me Dad welcome to my
desk look at look at this office such a
dad there is a fake bearskin rug or no
wait that's Cal State and actually it
looks real
hey son how do you how do you act apart
to my powerpoint make it thing to me
didn't do well during dinner dad did it
and in another Dan
are you Jacob Ocarina I was the chicken
dance it was they do the hand taking
clap yo do a varial yo
Oh God
Oh God you know what it's like it's like
washing Charles on ice if you're like
disney on ice you're gonna scopic
shopping cart during the coughing cart
Oh God
okay okay show me an arabesque stick
your leg out like this
their best hair best what's an air
biscuit like this I've been doing this
together I got air best ally right no do
a manual manual your clothes I'm gonna
break my knees did you know my cinnamon
bun know what it's calm you ate it all
these have a toy banana so I finally
convinced Ally that we can like paint
the living room of the house so now here
comes the swatch just watch tag so you
like I want to do like a darker color
like oh there's so many colors
I felt like Ally was making up colors
she's like how about Bert orange what
have a orange sherbert or sun-baked
orange or juicy cantaloupe exactly this
is what I was thinking cuz we have that
whites paneling and it would look
awesome
done we're done good I'm gonna call this
one
dehydrated pea yellow
yeah I don't know about the awning red
or the chipotle paste give me the purple
stone or the phantom hue you know what's
really crazy there's a guy and all this
entire job is just to come up with
awesome names for different colors wait
a minute those are two different colors
just go paint on yourself no yes you did
don't lie spilling paint everywhere we
haven't got to do this in a while as you
can tell yay dun dun da oh she's asleep
there's nothing in there for you that
you can't have any enchiladas nope I am
taking the trash out you will not get a
delicious meal in the middle of the
night dude
remember how I was telling you this
morning how I'm still suffering from jet
lag well it is it's like 9:30 at night
and I am freaking exhausted so I'm going
to pass out and hopefully I don't know
maybe continue this because I kind of
like waking up early and feeling all
productive and you know I'm not so much
other than insomniac because I've been
an insomniac for the past like 10 years
of my life and maybe this is finally the
way that I can actually you know get out
of that funk so I will see you guys
tomorrow actually I want I'm curious
much traveling is that I've actually
done I don't think I've had jet lag this
much this badly this long in the
comments tell me the longest you've ever
had a serious jet lag cuz right now I'm
going on like three four days and 100
I don't even with Davis two days how
many days is it okay so we'll factor
that into my little understanding of
don't know what's going on and let's
just compare jet lag so I will see you
guys tomorrow good night
were safely at sexy
giddy with y'all trippin
with charity
don't forget anymore
