you guys it looks like Harper from a
bug's life now you can see how big this
thing is
that's comparison shot on a way to
Venice touch the side
while Jack so I go this is just blowing
in the wind right now this looks like a
movie set doesn't seem real this is cool
this is the one place I've always wanted
to go I'm really excited for that but
those who of you are fans of Assassin's
Creed I'm going to show you something
see if this looks familiar
this is cool
here's a little fun fact these are also
in Paris because when the Boleyn was
here he liked them he stole these took
them to Paris and then when he got
kicked out of Paris they actually
brought them back so they have replicas
there I'm gonna I'm gonna try to learn
as much as I pause this is honestly like
I said earlier the one city that I've
always wanted to go to other than Tokyo
so I'm really really pumped I'm gonna
try to learn as much as I possibly can
I can't believe I'm here hello jeez
do you think they just drive the minis
through here they have super minis like
a boss let's keep walking to visions
it's like a haunted house we're gonna be
doing that a little bit that's gorgeous
dodo bird we're getting a little risky
now we're trying to get off of the
beaten trail goodness wait how do you
say venison Italian was it been Nate
yeah then Nate Thea say you learn it
you're learning guys here's here's
another little fact about Venice I want
to keep throwing these out Venice is
sinking was a half an inch every single
year part of it
Acco a quarter an inch every year Venice
is sinking so I don't know you know how
long it would take but eventually Venice
would become the city of Atlantis
velocity to land it will eventually sink
so maybe our kids our kids kids but just
looking out up just eventually this will
all be in the water
isn't that crazy to think about it's
really sad and kind of mixed an even
cooler yeah it's really think it's
limited it's only here for a little bit
and it's gone it's like why snow is so
special hey you guys know the history of
the little bird like masks like when
they're with the plague was going on
doctors would stuff flowers and various
incense in the like the Bill of the the
masks so when they treated people who
had the plague and stuff like that they
actually thought that kept away the
virus that I'm a whole knowledge day
doesn't mask don't talk about can anyone
see why that clock is so unique
right in the comments if you can see it
so we're at st. mark it's the little
power I guess that's the screen jumping
from rooftop to rooftop that's cool
that's all of Venice you guys want to go
out the tower can't believe we're
actually in Venice Italy
all right I'm called bullsh Assassin's
Creed there's no way he can jump from
here and land in a freaking pile of
straw there's no way that could happen
come I'm calling it
apparently Galileo did something cool
here I don't know what that word says
though for that one I know of these
words but I don't know this word and
that's the main one because that says
what he did No please translate it
Charles is trying to buy a Venetian
captain's has got water everywhere here
in Italy they give you the pasta first
and then they give you the salad after
it's completely opposite first you're
like confused
hook your own panna cotta going on a
gondola ride that car would not be
driving without the front wheel turning
you're the worst
hey no I have one hand no cell phone oh
yeah
no texting and Driver get on the boat
bring the liquor okay I got it going on
these massive people could I just lean
this way so we get over the top it's so
bad man I can stand up dare me to run
back and forth I'll do it
I always think of the Italian job which
is a giant safe every time you go under
a bridge
guys if you really want to get that girl
just take her to Venice put her in the
gondola ride you know this feels like
it's a small world
like it's one of those these are all the
little mechanical people
they've rush hour at 3:00 all right
we're out of cups Yolo
exactly so you can Yoda it looks a mocha
me a lot that worked
stay in school guys stay in school
are we the reason why we're trying to
figure out how to switch in the comments
below put your bets on who's gonna fall
I was gonna go in be really not careful
guys over I put my phone there
oh by the way guys I want you to say
thank you to Nikki right here and we'll
cut without them allowed these two and
Matt wherever Matt is constantly working
to get internet this entire tour this
would not happen those vlogs would not
happen so say thank you to Nikki and
will in the comics so they can read it
and think you can to Kentucky because
without that like remember the tour like
the simple plant or how I was like
stressing the entire time they're the
ones stressing so they're doing all this
stressing for me right now I don't feel
stupid now okay but I always say I edit
I can you do it I see okay see you sound
the most normal all right
he says it with a level of pomp yeah he
didn't you gotta look at the camera like
yeah I got this one wait this is the one
I had the hardest one one that no just
say 1000 thank God okay so that's what
we share this is properly okay we were
warned yeah it's a dollar fifty it's
doing we clean bathroom I'm looking
forward to it
yes no regrets no regrets you've a
dollar-fifty to get in for another
challenge we got a killer team over here
we gotta go all the way through Venice
get aware that these pigeons are
gravitating to this statute it is that
pigeon supposed to be on that statue it
almost looks like he's supposed to be
there doesn't it so we are trying to
find the giant church for me the end
Jones and we're gonna see if we can find
it first
Ali speaking Italian to everybody all I
know today is this goofy and apparently
that was wrong if you do it to it like a
woman so I'm still learning technicality
whiff I'm at but we found one where is
that where's where's Marco there we go
taking a water taxi no other teams doing
this get down whoo
that's it kits under the bridges every
single time oh really that's only on the
gondola look at that look at that we got
it we got it here first we were last
together masks first again here yes yes
yes please
so we just won and what's her name
Nicole L Nicole L from Canada just won a
trip with contiki the bells are ringing
for you Nicole she said because it's so
awesome and Ali's pretty competitive and
she puts Charles to win but what did you
see txseries just won a trip
thanks to continue that's awesome we
can't count the Venice and not try the
pizza
alright guys is to ever go to bear that
believe it or not that was the key that
was the freakin key look at this it's
like a weapon
I'm so pumped I got to go to Venice
Italy they gotta spend it with a bunch
of my friends it's that was such a cool
cool thing and I'm so happy I'm out here
tomorrow we head to the airport and I
think we're going we had tomorrow's
Paris
I think tomorrow's Paris I'm not sure if
tomorrow is the cabin oh my god it's so
hard that's one thing Europe you guys
are really difficult even into a bedroom
I think gathering information for the
Paris gathering and the London gathering
there should be a link down there in the
description all you CTFxC here's where
CTFxC shirt like this one I'm wearing my
shirt and I hope to see you guys all at
the gathering by the way the secret
phrase the secret phrase tonight it's
gotta be 100% the leap of faith is a lie
that's for all your video game
Assassin's Creed nerds no I call I call
BS you can't jump into a pile of hay
from that Tower
I will see you guys tomorrow well I
don't want to do it hey that's how hard
this boys
a waiter
worse yet
giddy with child tripping
with trippy an alley
