mr. bird so I was very silly of you hey
did you hurt yourself
hey this guy this morning just ran right
into the flank left door be okay all
right
hurt yourself
let's go to the back
Rick wing tell folk don't you doing
something okay little buddy
that's not a way wake up for either of
us now you have to go out to take you to
the vet or something terrified out of
frame
once we go well use Brandis head right
into the window I try to fly yet
I don't think its wings broken
what happened you picked him up this
Joanie I was a little disoriented like
brightly if I were to like run into a
wall we should don't call him a
millionaire hurt I think I've noticed
never do it like those it's watching
Marley and then I was look don't I keep
them close to the ground
ah yeah then we're looking I still don't
appreciate that doing overhand
we okay buddy keep it in the door again
a little flight don't go to the door up
there good
oh okay very roses in the next window we
saved a little burg today to be an
interesting day today
today's the day we unfortunately have to
return the RV to Lazydays
and it's kind of funny the girls and the
dude has been with us for three weeks
straight so they were kind of like
attached or hip right now and I don't
know how they're going to handle us
leaving right now I know it sounds silly
but I was putting my clothes on we're
going somewhere right see now I feel bad
in their defense they were with a 24
hours for three and a half weeks a
little learning curve for them you guys
we chill here okay
yo chill you know okay I got to say it's
a little bit weird already to be driving
this thing again what it is it's not so
much driving it it's hearing the dories
in the background it's kind of like kind
of comforting almost kind of weird I
don't know I'm going to miss this thing
I'm definitely going to miss this thing
we really hope we can do these again
that's for sure just going to do one
last run-through of all the memories for
the past three weeks kind of missed it
Zoey Marley diesel tour bunk is actually
really bad fart sounds very stupid but
it is 44 okay so you guys are 41 now huh
you've been here the whole time right
hold hi all 41 years you didn't know J's
actually sent me to ya in the gene
bye-bye RV
there's the RV everyone say goodbye for
now hopefully we'll be able to do this
again we've stopped everything up at
leafy days and we'll take such nice
people nice they just gave us a little
gift bag they're like dog toys okay how
big this place is like I didn't realize
it was like remember guys I won't I
won't say it taught anymore I know I
can't clear that anymore
so let's call me call me a mini canvas
no I talk but it's hot whatever there we
actually saw like where they have like
their accessory shop and where they fix
them and everything like that it we
thought it was just this but it's not
like three times the size the resort
area they're so nice they gave us gifts
and we they talked to us about our trip
and major really loved and I think oh
they want to make sure you guys like to
do so I want you guys to let them know
that we should do this again and that if
you guys ever need to run it like an RV
or anything like that and your hip 5
locations just look them up
Lazydays put a link down to the
descriptions you don't have to buy an RV
if you guys ever want to do what I do
that once you're doing and I'm we're
going to figure out what a park ones are
when we're driving the golfcart Jameson
stuff I was looking all the RVs I'm like
oh my gosh
that one no one we're getting here at
1:00 this one's always different always
balanced I want to get the tour bus one
eventually one day hi are be so much fun
and now I got to go out do it out there
for me oh yay that's look at the fun
part off I should be used to small say
this is actually large spaces so now
like we're in the smaller space we're
going to be in each others face
constantly yeah because I'm used to
having you at least like three feet away
from me yeah one of the house to these
pretty doesn't happen we attempted
Olivia what a trip no will you guys
don't want to yeah
I still want you guys I forgot yesterday
to let you know I asked you guys well
your favorite part was on the trip so
today I'm going to ask you what was your
favorite part of the trip
or like moment or day or event or
anything like that do you want to say
this to to all the ladies out there that
are afraid to drive an RV do not be
afraid if this gal can drive an RV
pretty much everybody can gorgeous it's
not it's not it's a little intimidating
at first but I promise you it it's
actually really close
doctor's office no idea what that thing
is we've just been going on Fridays for
15 minutes I'm slightly going insane
they just were like yeah it's gonna be
kind of loud and then he walked away
yep got a doctor's appointment today and
then I got the MRI tomorrow so yay
coming home and immediately getting to
go do all this fun stuff but then I'm
Friday I leave for New York City this
week the Kings re Plan B was a Hot 100
Billboard Awards or something like that
the plane would actually foolin with a
demi lovato Rick Ross Gucci Mane I think
does that I've seen it right Gucci Mane
Gucci Mane I think so could you name but
it's the most crazy lineup that we're
playing with so it's kind of like one of
those like personal like yes we played
with Rick Ross kind of think it's weird
actually this is the lineup right here
right on my hand that's my left to line
up so it's coming back kind of
interesting and then I got to go that LA
next week a lot more traveling thought
I'd have some time off no Ally and I
pretty much destroyed our shoes on this
trip because I didn't have anything else
like inside of my molding my feet is all
whoopee I don't want that make sense
because it was so dirty I literally
threw in a dryer and I think it's
screwed up so we have to get some shoes
that I show in New York so I got to get
some new ones and I actually look at his
foot to look at at exploit it looks like
she cut herself cute but I got mail
pause
I've done it 1 and Ally's done it for so
we're both watching
now you've done it quite pretty quick
I got it one vote to do that I got some
cheese for you okay you know what people
way sonik rocks but they're actually
kind of comfortable
I won't alcohol on record saying that
they're not they're not ugly but at the
same time they're very comfortable I
realize that I kind of like death today
I know what it is like every time we
come back for him like travel I mean I'm
sure everybody feels to play but like
the next couple of days the adjustment
period is so traumatic for me I
convinced leave last night okay I'm just
so flippin drained out and it doesn't
make any sense to me but I sucked okay
last night was great but I don't think
it was terrible slept worse in my life
but I'm like today I'm just like I don't
want to do anything as much sit and
watch TV and be my pajamas all day like
that's all I'm going to do I want some
fluffy socks clothes and clothing socks
and maybe you possibly like a bag of
chips - I need a bag of chips she's all
about the aliens
Duncan Bigfoot stalking Oh so Charlie
both got each other these socks and they
were it's Bigfoot from California like
when we were in the redwoods and it's
Bigfoot being abducted by aliens
two of our mothers day three of our most
here's a Bigfoot aliens and
look for you sick bad it's different I
don't know you
they're kind of like mine how about you
get those those are better we even have
them in pink because we know you love
pink right away outside it's gone
up she can't ever get grip by the way
the poor little bird like this morning
you know if I didn't really explain what
happened I was out here in the morning
around 7:00 or 8:00 in the morning let
the dogs go out and I'm literally
standing here like this waiting for the
dogs and then this bird just wanted to
kind of flutter and just black itself
and I guess I don't know if he thought
this was a bug or something that he
could get but he ran right into it and
then he just I thought he killed himself
at first I was so scared and then I
thought he broke away but then I just
kind of picked him up like I did earlier
this morning and it looked like he just
like knocked himself out he's assault
stars but he just was all disoriented in
any flew away as he saw him his head's
not come back yet so I'm assuming he's
okay I hope he's okay but then he flew
back into the wall I said you guys fine
the girl was on camera two and twice
he's got two I think you ready baby I
think was the baby - yeah he woke me up
and you can see like the underbelly part
of them kind of like the bother
your sooner - yeah down thumbs up this
right okay yeah $30 slower and good so
strange feels like it was so good
because he kept with me at charm knife
I'm like well can I think he was think
like something you should I fly a wiring
here remember you tried twice and he hit
the door again I'm gonna go over to the
charity nutrition bike help of any fool
yeah
I honestly thought that we had
accidentally or we adopted a bird okay
oh look at that we just adopted a bird
down but he's okay hopefully we'll see
him around again so Lazydays got you
guys some treats and keep voice I don't
know which is going to go
wigs because you guys are going to
eventually heal up each other anyway
you're the buck what about me here you
don't mind me oh I don't know she's
gonna go steal something I think so
she's going to do I think they're all
going to steal everybody's so he's the
only one hiding over there with hers Ali
went to go hang out with her little
sister for a little bit and I decided I
was going to do nothing I don't want to
do anything right now I'm still tired no
matter what of you I'm gonna watch The
Simpsons that's what would I do you know
I lived life on the edge that's for sure
my hair is getting so long but I've been
reading a lot of the people in the
comments you guys think that time I
actually cut my hair or should I keep
letting it grow I'm definitely not going
to let it go the old-school way but just
a little bit longer I don't know the
beers though I've been a little if you
guys have noticed I've been growing the
beard the entire trip only because I
forgot my my razor my beard trimmer or
whatever it's called what am I so tired
I'm gonna go watch TV right now and edit
you guys I hope you enjoyed today's
video hope you enjoyed a new little pet
bird I want to call him Paul I don't
know I think that's gonna be his name
Paul the bird I don't know what kind of
bird it was to be honest with you yeah
I'll see you guys tomorrow good night
