good morning guys is that we're gonna
start today hi guys okay so rap is
really tiny adorable on our way to Italy
I put Ali brought on the bus such a bad
idea
such a bad idea you scared I'm so great
jackets life vests I got my stuff
there's a heretic damn it
so already wet from the cold rain so
it's gonna be freezing going on well
look at you're wearing shorts and a tank
top everyone else is wearing jeans and
four coats and I was walking around like
that okay halfway there Jack you look
ready you're matching look at that red
and everything what you think this is
happening
pashya what's the bathroom before doing
this oh I tried to force it out
I'm really nice
yeah
I think you should totally stand on the
front
I feel iam just looking at one of the
top things I've ever done my life I
tried to pull gene in to get the goulash
you're exhausted good I'm right I was
wrong on this side
this area is yeah ridiculous is tourism
I feel strong I'll be strong in this
side of my leg
it's our first time in Italy Italia
Italia we can go see your family and
Cecilia
welcome to Italy buongiorno Commerce
Neurology that's right everyone le took
Italian that pizza looks awesome mmm I
want that one
there Charlie I got a fan for you buddy
you got a fan for you it's your biggest
fan Charlie was another year oh that's
like a dollar 50 surprise I just bought
some play-doh and I made a little blue
elephant for you guys it's here at this
truck stop so if you will good find this
blue elephant elephant in front of this
place
yeah you can't find it it's in front of
this place got some freaky fries we are
in Verona Italy right now and we're
gonna go to was the Capulet Juliet's
balcony and rubber boobs
like Peters gloss over that yes yes this
place is beautiful it's a very old city
see that is the king of mustaches
they made a shrine to him
I'm confused I am so confused I'm I'm
just so confused after looking at that
apparently Verona has a gum wall too
like Seattle so this is Juliet's there's
the balcony lookout worn out or Buddhist
it's like you it's right there to the
stone so pretty oh my god I'm still
confused this is an Italian drink look
at this freaking fountain
no big deal just a castle I guess this
place will do you know it could be a
little nicer and things like that
I'm just gonna ignore the fort coming
towards my this is basically what
youtubers resort to when we are
traveling throughout Europe we have like
a whole slew of people gathered wherever
and actually this this is this is key
here oh we're all right here just this
one right there so Jeana has never seen
a day I've seen a bird egg Aria and it
was totally different she was never used
one oh no because that was happening
you're not I've never used something
like this this looks like a urinal exit
I guess it's not really everyday because
maybe of the day shoots Dubonnet shoot
up is this really graphic but cleaner
like I would guess for me I would say
depending on which area you were trying
to cleanse is so disgusting it is you
could sit this way but what do you say
you sit on that stuff that just grosses
me out I think that other people sat on
that bird to wash their stink I think
they have theirs because they don't
shower as much they want to shower the
button cleanliness welcome to Italy
to business thing I know I'm just we
just got to Venice and Ali is going to
do her we're doing the bed test
worldwide Al he's about to do her bed
test oh look at this is our bathroom
that's done what is this yeah can you
can't poop in that Canyon what is it
okay Venice Venice Italy bed test oh
that that felt like the hardest bed hey
guys I just want to say good night
before we went to bed and just wonder
what you guys know if you didn't watch
the two videos of Ali and I jumping off
a mountain you can click right here
please check them out it's pretty
amazing
one of the coolest things ever if you
missed the last couple days go back and
watch those went to Oktoberfest and did
some awesome things and even more cool
things are coming up so I'm gonna get
some sleep enjoy these videos and I'll
see you tomorrow
yes
giddy with child tripping
we're safety
through it with champion early
