um which is the ground level I mean one
okay I guess we're heading to Austria
now important guys we're heading to
Austria home of Arnold Schwarzenegger so
you know that means all right we just
cross this border into Austria and there
was literally a sign about the size of a
stop sign but we're listening to Sound
of Music
because we're now in option
busy big dope recession look at how like
you can see where the water has like
just cut through the rock over there so
I passed out and when I woke up this was
right before my face through the window
I thought somebody put a TV in front of
me look how high we are with this one
two three four five six six seconds so
this by definition in real life we're
gonna have a competition okay who's the
competitor okay on three on three ready
1 2 3 go
Oh mine was the one in the middle I
think you won I don't even know which
one was my way over there ally you look
like a National Geographic photographer
right now breathe out
I don't think I could do it look I can't
I can't yet I was standing right here on
my phone and I was taking the daily
photo and I was like shaking I almost
dropped it
he did it I'll be putting this shirt
underneath that shirt yeah so that's
where we're going you look kind of shady
there it's really bright feel like we
are closer to the Sun we are reading
outlook by being elevated we were light
metering for a video shooting I wanted
us to film an F 81 which I've never seen
in my entire life that's really bright
get on your gondolas we are things we
can't do
what are they leaning on the door no
acting cool I don't know if that guy
just jumped out of a plane or off the
cliff how's it going it's going pretty
well
ah there's a triple lean I know where
I'm going you got a little visitor in
your you just saved the bumble bee mr. B
are you drunk
what is that this is like the greatest
playground on earth go for Jessie yeah
he's scared - hi
this is where we're eating delicious
what did you get you got a big old ball
of mash you having some lunch at our
table okay so Tim accidentally touched
the electric fence and electrocute
himself yeah so now we thought so now we
should all do it but we're gonna hold
hands and see if it travels through
observing at all - she's a witch you's
all look bad No
join the fun Jimmy
no jumping
we're gonna go paragliding sliding what
are we doing - we're jumping off a
mountain if this day is more exciting
we're gonna jump off a mountain
let's go higher the Wi-Fi bore hat wear
it with pride
Wi-Fi ok we'll see you up there
nice but baby I'm going to my talented
this is Philip and we're not gonna die
gonna be a great day hey we're making
the trek I just realized that we're
going to be running face-first on a
cliff but then again allows it's gonna
zoom in on that oh yeah that is a
freaking glacier
you can go
the metric system
translate to really high
take okay
I'm a real good runner I'm going out
videos look like how long you been doing
this he goes two weeks when I was up
there waiting little girl blond girl
playing with her brothers and then she
just goes like this staring at me
he looks like I know there's a camera
okay this is fairytale land we should
try to do we should try to find the
Silver Bullet before they take us it's
right there I guess the same time be
doing hello borrowing the internet from
the pier is kept bailing on me every
damn jack damn I am working on okay I'm
gonna pop out to fix mine from home fix
it fix it all fix it it's bad really
good pray
I'm hearing a lot of excuses over here
you have on it's kind of crazy how like
small this town is
since we did so many awesome things as I
made a video on Ally's channel and on my
Charles Trippy channel of us paragliding
and I did it to music and it's like
pretty cool like a little montage video
this way welcome about there's only one
freaking road in this place so I made
these as a kind of added bonus because
there was just so many awesome things
that happen today I felt like this was
pretty cool to do because it was just an
unbelievable experience so at the end of
this video there'll be two little boxes
you can go and click them or their links
down there in the video description or
you can go to youtube.com slash Charles
Trippy and then youtube.com slash ali al
li oh and i guess what we're doing
tomorrow white water rafting somewhere
in italy this is turning into an amazing
trip and i hope you guys are having fun
and seeing all these things too because
this i'm seeing us for the first time
with you guys in the comments today i
want you guys to write your favorite
arnold schwarzenegger quote because
we're in austria home of the Governator
more bonus points if you write it the
same way he talks so enjoy those videos
and I will see you guys tomorrow
good night guys here are the videos
Chara promised click and watch both and
get down and get to the choppa
worse they be a sexy
which all trippy
yes
with trippy in alley don't forget
