this is pretty funny one of the things
that we've been kind of surprised by not
really but like giant sizes let the
deaths of drink that's what their beers
are like this I doubt good it we get or
your priorities lie okay Germany we
understand pick everyone out I got my
pants on look at that
on our way my feeling you're all cute
we're all protected I just learned a
little system here right what's the
system again so that's married
interesting what about the guys we don't
have one of those you just we pull our
pants up higher that's how we do it
shaking yeah the pants are way up I
don't know how Jesse's got him so low
though he's loving stretching we're
dividing into teams this is the team we
have Jimmy and Megan we're gonna win
he's been studying the map so they're
going down driving we're trying to get
our game plan going on here
yeah you gotta find something that says
I love you if you find it that's it we
already have two challenges down I have
the cookie that says ich liebe dich and
right now
Jimmy is asking her to translate the
phrase that we need into English the
world as a book and I think it's like
what if you don't travel you only read
one page debates and Boo on detainee
Streisand leaves no I know zytle the
sodium levels are extremely high in one
go does it mean him right now I can just
keep eating as we go kosher as coasters
coasters
we lost the camera guys all right finish
the pretzel we're going up here now way
up there
we gotta get a photo of all Oktoberfest
delegation so my fans were covering the
thing and he's just like punching Britta
win we just found out the team there
let's split up so we're not see where
they got might share principal it just
got real
all right we got the fun running down
down it's like a drinking a beer how you
feeling yeah everyone's good everyone's
good I feel drunk all right we're
killing it right now
I know we really are that just looks
like a hot dog
okay so yeah we're gonna line them all
here comes the rain it's kind of
interesting
I actually thought Oktoberfest was like
a lot like party draw where it was just
like a street party and everyone's
drinking but it's more like I'm a
carnival there's a beer house can't
believe we actually have seats they give
the book these in months I like it not
years in advance
if this memory Navigators is a
smorgasbord
that is that's a lot of beer
Jesse you have something in your head I
like it
so we have an idea
Oh GoPro goggles
yeah
whoa
it's 1:00 in the afternoon
Boop it was almost like
you
looks like Charles underwear mmm not
editing yeah yeah I did actually he she
came in at the room and was like passing
out and I sat down next to him and he
was just kind of sitting there messing
with the video and I asked him if you
wanted some help it he he never ever
asked me to edit the video usually when
he's home and he just three of the
computer on my lap he's like I think
it's like 6:00 in the afternoon and I
don't know what happened it was Louie am
now in the work yeah okay
I remember getting lost man it was like
beer fest where was like I was standing
there and the German dude was just
messing with me and he was like the
American and I'm like a Dios yeah he's
just like party but it was German and
then he was German in Germany it was no
but he was he was so many's like all the
people that I'd like bumped into I'm
sorry I stumbled into we're so nice like
and it wasn't like I remember in the
States like if you ever drunken stuff
like that people get like a bomb oh you
bumped it be I'm gonna fight you and
take your girlfriend kind of things
that's what happens this stays you
didn't know yeah and like here it was
like I bumped into them and they just
embraced me every single time
did you a leader fear one guy was like
you drunk and those it was it was insane
like nobody got angry and I was it is it
was like the happiest place on earth
sorry does me was such a family
environment that was like the coolest
thing I think we've ever done hands that
the fact that I ain't can remember what
happened and it was 5:00 in the
afternoon
I only drink beer and I got started in
this thing but like finishing this thing
but they have no idea what happened
see what
yes
with tripping
with Gianelli don't forget tell me more
