good morning guys so weird when we fly
like in two time zones like this you
completely lose your night like you
leave at 4:00 in the afternoon
yep and then there's still light out
there now we got to find how to get to
the hotel is that foreshadowing what's
gonna happen in all these competitions
oh yeah
Wi-Fi in Germany German tax again which
is Irish are the same as any other
I've heard that really a sound blog
design phony heritage II actually
sponsor here this is impersonating so
nice
i clogged everything
I want to start reading it don't you
sweet we got here a little too early so
oh I feel so nice near jump in it does
tell many things wait could you get mad
at me if I push you in a nice pool in
Germany can you get mad I think there's
like an unwritten law come on Germany Oh
Germany
go bed test a temporary bed test all
this trickling water makes me have to
pee like every three second it's you
little spa over there a face mask
I'd go face bra on and everything well I
guess we'll just fall asleep here you
look like some sort of lazy superhero
that's what you look like fighting crime
in her sleep there we go
zombies we have to migrate this is cool
we just met we just met a bunch of
people and they had all the Oktoberfest
traditional stuff like we were talking
to one guy and then we're waiting for
the elevator that all of a sudden like
we were waiting for in the door opens
like young girl just walks out and just
like oh okay I'm sorry
this could be it's gonna get interesting
Wow yes I just called down to the front
desk and they told me to come upstairs
and see you miss a view of a reservation
it should be under named spaz Magus spaz
I must be under are you sure I'm due for
a voice change your job might I say you
suck at your jobs we've been sleeping
all freakin days but don't get me wrong
it's been nice we decided to kind of
wander around Jesse and Jeana are
sleeping everyone else has gotten here
Ali's falling in love with this area
it's I think where we're staying it's
kind of like a little farm village it's
pretty cool everything everything
everything looks kind of like Universal
Studios um like the back lot it's all
perfectly painted and clean look at this
fan it's like everything is in complete
like perfect state it's so crazy
this is a death bury or maybe just the
traditional blackberry it is alas the
American Embassy driving the tractor
through the Mick Drive totally doing it
that's awesome where everybody knows
your name that guy I'm trying no that's
not it remember it uh we're trying to uh
I'm trying to make that make sure I
don't insult somebody else is there
something wrong yeah see son pigs will
come and two smooth seam and weak
me you're doing great babe
danke look at that even in Germany they
have fakes guys believe me you're in
Germany Jewish lad no the radishes the
Deutschland radishes turnips and beets
killer tofu perhaps what time is it it's
like 40 o clock right now that thing's
been going on cots okay
28 29 30
oh wow I'm sorry 30 o'clock um but we're
gonna be doing a german bed test and
munich yeah you had to
okay it's just Ali's gonna break your
neck okay so we just got to we just got
here to Munich and this is what Ali's
doing okay go for you that one no no you
do that again
you what is that you do that again fake
fake you need a swan dive yeah you
you've done it off a dressers before
come on what oh no no I'm still calling
it I'm still calling I want I want a
swan dive on here come on get up there
just right here is this I called the
middle Birds I know
strudel just you're here for two years
though that's huh so he knows us missile
and I know strudels so we're gonna make
it we're gonna make it
and Jager and yeah
wait that's it a that's an arrangement
right there uh place beer there we go I
think you've been here before I always
was like wow she really does all this
thank you thank you I don't know like
just Cola Pfizer
yeah I can try it soda beer wow they're
making a cola like right now half caves
of Iceland and half coke and they mix it
together
and it's awesome I don't know what it is
about Jewish land but seriously like
they have all these little steps like
tiny like this big they keep jamming my
like toes my toe thumb the q-tip toe
thumb and just like constantly dashing
it how did you see it nice little step
come on honey
no you didn't want to go in the daytime
and now we're going at night yeah let's
go we're gonna go into the cemetery am I
the first ones come on it's slender in
here and out here it's signs a movie
with a cornfield
it's - my worst nightmares come on it's
other eyes oh it's right over there
worse because we keep putting this
bright light here I'm gonna show you let
me show you what Jesse's looking at and
then you can see what I look at okay
just constant light so we see nothing in
front of oh boy it's like with English
you have to try to like they always they
sounded out you can't help you can
really do that in German you know it's
like to say just just spit it out
basically
and there's a giggling outside they're
talking I was just like doing this move
on
he's scared yet oh you gotta try this oh
that that's a beautiful phaser
- Akshay okay well I'm gonna go to bed
now and we have an awesome tomorrow's
gonna be awesome we have a big gathering
to do and then we're gonna go around
Munich and check out the scenery and the
sights and the sounds but I was really
jet-lagged right now it's like only six
o'clock in the States but I feel so
tired so I will see you guys tomorrow
good night
Oh oh I felt the bar
where's a psst
with y'all trippin
with champion
