good morning guys I just forgot that I
have to go to Europe tomorrow Thank You
iPhone app I got a notification on my
iPhone saying hey you should check in
for your international flight and I was
like thinking it was like wait okay
I forgot the international flights you
can sometimes check in two days in
advance you know what I mean well when I
went to check in little did I realize we
leave tomorrow not Friday
so today's scramble day and trying to
get everything together and hanging out
with you guys all right beer back gonna
- Thunder hmm where's Marley she seems
to blend in girlfriend where's his
girlfriend she's gonna do it no she
won't do it I dare you - her eyes aren't
even open open your eyes okay oh God
oh it's party we switch spots oh why are
you driving I'm driving yeah I can drive
now I'm allowed to drive such great news
and I'm going to still check the golf
cart though since this one stole my
other certificate I'm using my birthday
one but it's expired so we're gonna have
to persuasion ha victory I used so as a
distraction
I put the window down and so we just
popped her head out the girl in the
window she's like whoa just gave her the
certificate she's even know it's my
accomplices it's been a long road to
recovery I guess it seems less what's
lived seven months since I've been able
to drive and pulling a car there driving
that golf cart that Ally got me it's
like kind of like riding a bike though
what you you know what you learn it's
pretty easy where it was the flips break
this
brakes on the right won't go too fast
when I get back from Europe
I'm getting a are they EE geez that was
called and I think it's called an EEG
it's when they like measure your brain
waves look at the EEG that he can EKG to
the Punk let them clear kind of things
right where basically they see my
brainwaves
yes oh yeah
can you get mad cow for money and beef
something in your own species that's the
bacteria that it's a good natural
response time not eating your own
zombies that's a nine count came from me
about coughs you ate another human you
get that count oh boy I'd be a zombie
Oropeza so these were zombie cows well
your brainwave activity is different so
maybe it is kind of like your net you
know I got a sings o e I kind of missed
this yeah a little copilot your
shoulders are perfect height I'm testing
out this new Apple Maps thing you know
it's not so bad I don't understand how
everyone's like so griping about it like
the whole Applegate you know like it
Ally's against did better like shying
away from Apple
I do I'm honest I'm honestly I feel like
I am watch for me you do not ever say
anything about daddy Apple like that
no I'm saying they've made some good
products but I don't know if I like
their products anymore I just throw up a
little bit in my mouth I love you think
that it's just because I don't like
change that not that's not necessarily
like I think that the interface on the
Google Maps is a little bit easier I
think the Apple Maps is a little bit
weird looking it's kind of like hard to
follow it doesn't have as much detail
and I think that's this out you've
already said your your piece you've said
your piece all the way I quote life's
too long it doesn't be the pocket she
said
of course it doesn't you would have to
have an iPhone nano
do not have an iPhone nano to fit in
your freaking fan we've already
established this yesterday I think the I
guess we're just treading on shallow
water right now so I'm just gonna turn
this off and just get to the beach no
wrong door just know you can't go in
that door
you guys are ladies you go in this door
men's room oh look it's a Rollie pollie
he's got 25 legs we got some waves going
everyone keeps sneezing even the dog oh
my god Marley don't do that hey there's
a dead fish there's dead fish everywhere
oh man I think it's ready red tide
I think we have to leave there's dead
fish all up and down the coast blew them
off you're right what's wrong
should we leave well that was
short-lived let's get the sand off your
nose keep hitting the ground every time
we sneeze are you okay
she's crying
did you guys count how many pieces let's
go let's go run run run
all right whoever was just watching that
how many speeds did you just count on
that tire like a couple minutes for
those Florida beaches red tide is
basically like a bacteria it kills like
the fish life obviously and like life
inside the ocean not like blood redder
what makes you sneeze and cough s2
demonstrated Ally's CLE keeps coughing
it sucks cuz when it happens it's like
this bacteria is so gross and then
there's dead fish everywhere poor little
fish it's like a fish aside alright get
some good Aragon you're right that's
funny considering what we were talking
about earlier the red tide turning
everyone into zombies
alright I got a question in the comments
what zombies be like terrifying if it
only affected like cute cuddly animals
like like Chipmunks or lemurs or
meerkats or clownfish what would that
still be terrifying like you couldn't
affect humans or anything like that it's
just the cutest animals in the world
that's what would be a zombie
sorry zombie puppies actually this could
be a fun little game in the comments
see you can come up with the cute about
the cutest possible zombie ever tell me
you're cute Asami combination possible
well I was gonna say cinta love it
I'm afraid of that cuz like they're like
rodents I think they're rodents and they
could like be really fast and bite you
and stuff so I don't want that I'm gonna
say like baby panda a zombie sloth I'm a
zombie no I'll get to you I'm still
coming try to come up with the most
cutest zombie ever and whatever comes in
competition sum up the ones that you
guys think are the best and then that
way we can all say it just the scramble
to get everything packed and ready
before we leave for our Europe trip for
which I am so amazingly excited and I
also just did this ridiculous getup
because I'm doing an episode of cinema
for Mean Girls and it's really funny
because actually today is National Mean
Girls day and I didn't even realize that
and it's also Wednesday which is why I'm
wearing pink on Wednesdays we wear pink
oh god I can't yeah it's like a crazy
crazy house right now lift lift lift
lift lift poop
hey how are you you're a tiny puppy hi
look at you you're the belle of the ball
oh I see them
I see them too I'm gonna climb it I
stopped running and I turn around this
is what Marley's doing it's not gonna
squirrel it's right above my head isn't
it since we leave tomorrow I wanted to
spend as much time with Zoe Marley cuz
we're gonna be gone for ten days and I
was I get bummed out I miss him because
you know it's just they're like my
buddies they're like my little best
little buddies furry little best friends
coping and eatin and farting what did
you just do that without me telling you
of course camera wasn't rolling what
doing this it is not a male hog that was
yesterday and I don't want y'all should
we show good no you want to do it did
you reopen it oh you guys were asking us
over and over again for us to make the
picnic the necklace that Ali made so
don't worry Ali has her own
this was actually aliens ideas this is
what we did we did special ikt ones and
then my big head on the other side so
those are coming soon the necklaces and
then Holly and I are gonna start our own
little own little assembly line
oh so probably I have to wait until
after Europe and then we can start doing
that but also we have another little
surprise we're gonna we're gonna do when
we get back from Europe I don't want to
tell you I just wanted to leave you guys
like that just wanna dangle it's pretty
funny you guys are really gonna like it
too you've been asking us for years for
this one too what is it candy shaped
like I got that would be awesome
ever also gonna bundle these like
separate so if you don't want the
necklace we'll be able to sell just the
pics their size 88 for those who
actually care about what size the pic is
Justin and Ali are so dedicated to
making sure that we don't miss any like
drunk gaming or CT epic cinema I'm gonna
go get some stuff right now and they're
gonna shoot two episodes of drunk gaming
before tomorrow just so you guys have
entertainment every Tuesday oh boy it's
gonna be an interesting flight tomorrow
right to those who think it's fake I
just bought all the fake stuff for it
I forgot I bought all the placebos what
are you doing where did you get that
where did you get those
for those your sexy PJs oh yeah baby
shake that onesie it's basically my
favorite thing
shake your shake your plaid but there we
go right stripes
Zoey's like you guys might be leaving
but this is my fing ball pillow and
remote I'm going to bed
oh now you took Marley over here's the
thing I just felt as though we doing all
the thing my like heard me talking
jumped up and just literally sat her but
said her but right there got everything
packed I all these already asleep
over there somewhere yeah she's sleeping
alright guys well it's time to go to bed
we got to get on the flight in the
morning and I'll see you guys on the
other side of the world like Ellie's woo
I'm sorry
anthem I always like to put the hair
down make sure to be following us on
Twitter so we can tweet all our awesome
photos to you guys and let you know if
there's any updates to the gatherings
and I will try to do as many iPhone
videos as possible but alright I'm gonna
go to bed
enjoy the bonus videos of the mail vlog
and Ally's drunk gaming so alright guys
bye charas getting his beauty rest so he
programmed me to edit this video and
talk to you at the end what a lazy
turkey anyway in all seriousness we are
excited to meet all the Europe CTFxC
year's enjoy the bonus videos we'll see
you tomorrow while I probably should
have slowed that down oh well you know
the drill semicolon hath parentheses
see what you did
we wait
yes
with y'all trippin
see
to be an ally
