so Marley has taken to a new spot on the
couch and her legs are just hanging yes
I'm filming you don't freak out don't
act like you've never seen a camera on
your face let's check on her line of
sight here Marley doo doo doo doo this
is a bit
food area awesome working on the pool oh
yeah awesome blue pool finally bloody
fool
Marley is about five years old I've
never noticed I feel like a bad bad dad
come here am I in trouble I think I've
discovered why Marley's got a sweet side
and then the evil mischievous side ready
that whisker is blonde you notice over
here that whisker is black one one there
I never noticed that about you dude
I'm bored how come you always like to
sit backwards that's a focus race right
now I can do that way better done do you
remember how I totally did Betsey
Johnson yeah cuz I'm awesome don't judge
me
nope look on my way to finally get a
haircut I won't be looking like a shaggy
dog it's funny with my haircuts I always
just like let my hair go to where it's
just like obscenely long and then I get
a haircut instead of like maintaining it
and being like a normal human being I
had to I always do that I don't know why
it's like all right it's in a good stage
it's a good stage okay now it's looking
crappy for two weeks
would you like a burst me birf me burp
and cheering bridges up sharing our
birth rate that's how you say sherbert
that's like a tongue twister that new
one we just come up with that one
goodbye
come on new game try in the comments
sure sure right here I can't do it but
I'm sure I love tongue twisters so on
this Drive I thought I'd actually tell
you guys and give you some more
information because ally and I are going
to be in Europe from the was the 5th
through the 50 yeah we're gonna go we're
going down to bare fist
alright so here's the deal we're going
on to Europe with a bunch of other
youtubers it's kind of like a you tour
kind of thing I'm on the road trip calm
as a website but throughout the time
there's going to be three gatherings
like YouTube gathers with us
I look it up the first one is Saturday
October 6 in Munich at the call fabric
whatever color was a graphing Gertz
dressy six eight one six seven lines
meet at Richards go to the website okay
so that's October 6 from 2 to 4 p.m. and
Munich then in Paris October 13th
from 12 to 2 that's on the grass near
the wall of peace and then October 14th
in London and that's 12 to 2 p.m. and
that's a clam Village Market just kind
of like we're gonna have challenges
we're obviously getting awesome sick
footage but there's those gatherings
that I want to make sure all you CTFxC
ders have here in the area come where
your CTFxC shirts we restocked the
shirts actually so if you've been
waiting to get a shirt because they've
been sold out the links down there you
can get them to get them now you'll have
them in time for these gatherings so get
a shirt I want to see a bunch of CTFxC
ears and all the shirts and then Ali I
can high-five you guys okay you're gonna
give Ali a hug and I'll give you a
high-five so yeah that's what's gonna be
happening October I'm gonna be missing
one or two shows with Rita kings but
good old scooter
I taught him all the bass parts so he's
gonna take over that we're gonna be in
Europe fifth through this 15th a lot of
these places are places that I missed
due to the whole green thingy so I'm
gonna actually get to go back and I get
to go with this lovely lady let's look
right there make sure to pick up the
shirts now that they're back in stock
and wear them to the gatherings because
it's going to be fun I want to see a
bunch of CTX ears there all right before
know what I do a different haircut today
and I tell them what to do when he goes
no I don't want that I want I want short
on the side then kind a little bit
longer on the top I'm like oh you mean
this is what we're doing I bought it for
the camera Phaedra I'm not gonna say a
word you tell me what his normal haircut
is I won't say a word
you tell her whatever and that's what we
ended today
I said Holly I don't know she said
she'll put some extent we can do it
right now Phaedra do some fades made it
Phaedra looks good
did you have a fake beard for a second
so if you go on eBay you can buy this
now cool you weren't supposed to look
yet you're silly laughter looks like I
got a treat I got candy corn
still alive so three of them well so
what'd you guys think new haircut
it's a little shorter on the sides o
Malley's
ali's calling this the Adam Levine look
come on it's like an angel it's like an
angel singing just so I can see somebody
got like watching this videos holding a
glass like champagne and their champagne
just explode oh I'm gonna watch this
utility video I'm gonna enjoy the
champagne oh grop Oh bother
pumphrey could you come clean this up
that got way too it locked how come I
have the worst luck even if I pull slow
waiter watch this pulling slot for slow
poke are you a break no you're putting
the gas this going slow
we always do this alleys always like no
I think there's a spot of like honey
you're getting greedy just take the spot
we'll walk an extra 10 feet she always
thinks and she gets greedy look at that
you got greedy and now we have to do it
all over again I mean you're going a
little too insane with the Duggars
they're going insane you're going insane
I would get this hey hand soap pump top
what you got there miss I don't like
coffee grounds first put it in your butt
wait I'm like Oprah to today now put in
your PIN I don't want
wait wait hold on hold on hold on are
these bueno just let me see something
I used series of fake pockets Louis is
so why are you like a key in there like
a money but how money like a money huh
what about your back ones are those real
so long it's my little orchestra okay
look straight on the ground there are
two peanuts one for the peanut head and
one for zezo right no no that's the golf
cart Marley's gonna find both these
peanuts if you don't focus well they
found one immediately immediately it's
dessert by the other one so he stepped
on it and Morelli found the other one
come on
Zozo you're such a dingus captain
oblivious here you go you get a tiny one
I got you an expensive toy you ready you
ready for it you ready spritz of joy
good I'll take it
no baby snake can't believe I'm doing
this
where's fear it's so tiny let the
internet records show that I actually
tried to pick him up that snake is
totally doing the harm right now get him
Zoe oh wait the grass is just wet never
mind
Oh dipped in the water see I'm trying to
be funny and that's just what happens
hey Louie don't dad
oh good it'll put you papa I think I
lost it oh my god
deliciousness Susie candy
somebody heard it we've been promising
this forever but we just haven't had
enough time so today at the end of this
vlog we are we are yes yes we are doing
a mail blog I apologize it's taking so
long but we are going to do when they
have logs so I'm going to set that up so
after we're done eating gotta go into
the dungeon as you can see we have a
tremendous amount so we won't be able to
do this all in one video what we might
do is we'll film another one so when
we're over in Europe we'll be on upload
that as a bonus all right Zoe pig
alright sorry which one you gonna pick
just might take this may take a while so
you ready for bed okay time to waddle
into bed when we were doing the mail
vlog we couldn't find Marly and it
turned out she was hiding in the back of
the like behind the toilet Allie and I
would completely freaking out we
couldn't find her it would like look
everywhere under the beds all the rooms
maybe sometimes she gets locked in at
the garage because she'll scoot trying
to get the trash and stuff we thought
you who do you need yourself huh so good
night what are you eating any more candy
cut oh no oh no you found her make sure
to check out the mail vlog and drunk
gaming on Ally's channel if you didn't
get to check it out so alright I'll see
you guys tomorrow
Charles and Allie finally had some time
to do a mail vlog so here you go they
are sorry it took so long enjoy the
bonus mail blog also don't forget that
the shirts have been restocked so grab
some shirts and wear them to the
gatherings see you tomorrow
bye bye
merci psst
with children
with Dirty Harry
