hello and welcome to the long-awaited
mail vlog I apologize but it's time Zoe
knows picked all these packages we are
so backed up right now with mail so this
won't be all of it right now what we're
going to do is we're gonna do a mail
vlog we're gonna film it later this week
and then when we're in Europe we might
build up like upload like a bonus one
hey let's get to it alright this is from
Joel n from New Jersey oh my god a
fistic up that's so cool oh my god the
one you picked really wait are those
legal oh that is that is awesome they
bring that on the plane no it's just a
coffee cup I like that makes reflections
this is from Reena as from California
she went to Hawaii like to the same
places that I went and she found this
really cool japanese toy for Charles you
have to get like the Baba Yaga okay and
she'll does it okay that we just what's
due really I'm sure there were
directions but I'm sure you didn't read
them nice good ah close your eyes okay
oh my god oh that's really cute i was
never able to get these two they were
too expensive when I was like this is
awesome this is like the coolest thing
ever wait wait put it on Zoe first mou
hey mo you mou it's all very loud to say
go nope as always it no disney we're not
singing your theme song okay now it's
like you know you have like cool like
gang jackets i've got like a Mickey
havoc ya des el you want to wear yeah Oh
risk that one didn't have a name yeah
this one doesn't have a name in it so I
don't know who sent it but thank you so
much it's really awesome i'm gonna wear
it Zoe there is no more reflections
meanness from I think Marilyn oh that is
cool the cord wrappers for my iphone in
my case oh that is so smart for new
trial a budget we both better
on the Getty Museum I remember that in
LA for something went there that's oh
that's right background the wall my god
i can flip that i completely forgot that
we went there that's why i will slipped
and the guy told me to stop sign yep you
doing very good this is for my friend
Kevin C and we actually met him at
Virgin freefest these are cool he sent
these little like motivational tape
little things like this is a little
bracelet one life one chance and PMA is
positive mental attitude a random funny
thing remember when we were a virgin
freefest and then we were on warped tour
and we played the same venue that was a
weird little mind trip oh really this is
what we got baby that looks awesome i
just like the box this is from katelyn
are from buffalo ah at this August
nineteenth saw her Oh God we're so late
she did a great job packing this thing
hey Brett it's the krann thing those all
of my pictures oh that is cool this has
been going on wait hold on did you just
say that's a grand thing that was all
over pinterest guys the internet thing
and people was the hair dryer I think
you take a hair dryer and you just melt
them doughy it's from Italy blanket from
Italy this is the girl who sent me that
sparkly ring the designer she wore on
our wedding day I loved it so much I
wore it for the wedding that's a pretty
fancy business currently that's her
Twitter okay he gave me a guide on which
one was which because their stuff in
here for my mom Charles's mom Melissa
I've just realized how quiet it was huh
where is that little butt crack she
locked down the garage of course the
last place I look is where she is hiding
you didn't want to come out for a cookie
nope I can't wait over in it yeah but
wait so who's got big balls wait that's
crazy Oh though you are blinging tonight
that toy that goes no one's other pic i
would like whatever's inside that is
from amy i think it says colorado no
joke this is the one she picked really
no joke oh my god of course no joke the
guy what that one because i know there's
poison Rick get it Griffey pretty much
ripping it ah marvelous artwork is from
liz s from HELOC oh this is ridiculous
do you know what it's made out of no
Cheetos better yeah that's a very
original idea I like it a lot have you
ripped out the eyes already I'm working
on this one leave me alone we got who we
got okay all right all right all right
it's a floaty oh let's see does not for
you always afraid of losing it and I
wasn't it that is X is just smart idea a
mount for the surfboard or the skim
board night yes that's so everyone
else's in a calm Everett right now in
the comments say thank you to sr for now
with your teacher blog footage for
future vlog action surf footage when we
start surfing in skimboarding haha
Mickey where's that one fun this is from
Natalie from South Dakota I'm trying I'm
doing that was that was something
totally doing a combination of both
girls only Hannibal stickers
this is from Cody from tampa FL attempt
tampon a fellow time tampon Oh what is
it Oh ready ready yeah and that belongs
to all right I'll company that is from
Cody that belongs to me Sabrina from
Ontario I peeked the PT sheet but I want
to show it to you guys ready this is
amazing oh my is not detail that's so
cool I that's what my favorite parts
about futurama is all the head from the
jars wow that's
really good I think this might contain
something of interest to you this is for
Rebecca as from the London fancy rapper
Oh Ice American stuff actually that is
yuck that is that American that is the
freaking british flag honest man yeah
everyone did that was the one it was
raining pictures to remember that one
that was when I was born all right love
pictures well what's a for Gina 4gs
Molly from Wales how he's gonna nerd out
one to their remote controls ah yes this
one's Mario I worked all you play this
my brains is it take whoa ms Eric be
from Washington wow this is true let's
white louisette leave it look like
really crazy kind of coffee white coffee
yeah what's right never heard of white
coffee yu xuejun from China oh my god oh
my god neck
very clever touche this is from elise s
from chicago and she actually was a fan
of we the kings before she knew who we
were and she said she was very confused
when she saw you on stage the first time
and then she went and looked it up
because one of the guys from May Day
Parade tweeted at you very interesting
how many people came from we the kings
and became CTFxC ears tell me in the
comments it's actually kind of
interesting to see how many people
didn't know who we were and then figured
it out from the band it's a brain
volleyball oh boy oh no I'm pretty sure
this has catted of it oh so he's like
yep yep me up follow your dreams and
it's a breaded cat sleep one arch please
you know what episode of futurama that's
from one of our first photos together to
really the blogs huh yeah dozen ryan
ryan g entered this into a affair like
to to art shows one two hundred dollars
and also got first place nice so this is
from a li and the only reason i know how
to pronounce that is because i had a
scottish friend that I used to talk to
on myspace named ailee from Glasgow so
this is crazy i know to a li we should i
filming from this angle then is my space
they had a woman right happy 4th
anniversary on the chocolate for the
vlogs and they said it was supposed to
say third but she messed up her up but
that's a really good it's okay we're on
a fourth now it's all good I'm from
Scotland Zoe are you from Scotland do
Zoe the Scottish pop oh yeah is awesome
I'm from Scotland this is from jen a
deep color
Anya what yes with AOL of the messenger
you know it's funny i really i actually
had this phone Zoe he like it is your
your lucky day here's a steak oh it's
like a spray spray for dog no it's like
watching soup look she's like whoa if
you wore this around the house I would
laugh those like yogurt face masks oh my
god i just gotta put cucumbers oh oh oh
baby cheeseburger and baby cupcake
that's so awesome Mike and Mary from
Oregon oh yeah turtle yes she loves his
rope hoist she loves those that is my
hat that is a sea turtle hat your neck
on roots take that you have to wear this
I will wear that every day of my life
don't you even test pain this is from
I'm r is a JN see Rashawn yeah Sean see
from Australia good eye that's horrible
i know i'm sorry i see haha how are they
so wait a minute wait a minute I think I
watched him draw this I think there's a
video from drawing this yep this is
where you can watch I think Hey look at
this and not the food look at this and
not the food here you go well that is it
for mail vlog the hems you guys are so
talented like all these like pieces of
art and stuff like that you guys are
absolutely amazing don't worry if yours
didn't show up in today's mail blog here
will we have a whole bunch left we had
this whole room still look at we still
have all that still and I just want to
let you guys know it's very important
like if you extend a letter or something
doesn't make it in the mail club we read
everything so so for example Ali's
reading no more letters right now so
don't worry we read everything just want
to say thank you guys if you haven't
watched the blog go at the end of this
video take your effective blog otherwise
we'll see you the next mail vlog so you
were gonna hoard all those a night
giving the Marley Marley takes them all
every other time
Wow go enjoy the blog guys and we'll see
the next mail vlog bye
here
