it's October huh
shorts definitely was not the smart
decision what no we just ate don't
really want to do this stop moving
a little - a little too full Ellie is
turning into a fricking botanist mm-hmm
you just using scissors and cutting this
so the stick that's not a stick I don't
know if you ever do this for like with
Halloween candy do you do this like
there's like no grab bag oh yeah I eat
them all that's why I'll Cobra sucks
burn you know but when you get a grab
bag of like candies it comes with like
Snickers Twix Milky Way and then those
moms or what are they called those those
almond joys or whatever the crap that no
rappy ones crappy candy and then there's
all of a sudden your children mounds and
almond joys you secretly in candy corn
the most prized ones are Twix and
Snickers coz I could never find
I can't Sunnah oh my god
I'm sorry Zoe here's a do you I can't
see I can't find the Snickers there's
this crappy caramel caramel is a caramel
at Karma what do you say wait put more
food in your mouth than and say well
it's with candy you can't be stabbed
with a candy what do you say caramel
caramel where is the Snickers are they
gone this is crappy
I don't want it let's go okay too much
of that party last night
thanks guys big I'm listening to you
guys and trying to get a case for my
phone but they're so ugly all these
cases are so ugly like iPhone just look
so nice when it's naked you have to put
a stupid case on it just takes away
start bringing out this nice piece of
candy be sad today just do it naked
gonna rock it
I'm gonna raw dog it
come on come on I get to see myself like
oh yeah I could totally do it
whoop dragging him into the beauty
stores Charles say your life did you ask
things guys will never understand there
are
I want a bunch over here here hold on
you heard the feel-good I'm a guy come
here I want to blow you with this put
that down now hey you should get this
Snooki one good god what is this I'm so
confused
Charles is being a good Samaritan and
he's rig odd yes well I was gonna think
he's helping out but now I'm just being
a complete lunatic and crashing into
things but you are being a good
Samaritan and he's bringing the buggy
back to its rightful store owner that
was bad
please alright yourself really
small this it's like six baby sir
Oh
trying to hide from the dogs hi I'm
coming five years or five minutes these
guys think it were gone forever
did you you I know whether I know where
they're hidden I know where she hid him
look at this ah I'm gonna eat that one
too and this one and this family eat
this just on principle
is it gonna be hmm
come on coach put me in we couldn't go
to the race we were gonna go to the Rays
game today but we just couldn't get to
it
so Marley's showing her there's her
little sportsman spirit hey Marley you
like the race oh yeah I'm cheating there
you go I was cheating she does like the
REA so remember last year I showed you
guys the Orabrush we still use these
every single day actually it's a tongue
scraper
do you remember I said this order brush
you need to make one for dogs now that'd
be good wouldn't it yeah remember that
they took the suggestion and they
actually made or a pups they let us have
the very first or pups ever oh we're
gonna make your breath that's really
cool dogs it's edible for dog something
so we're gonna put in their mouth so
they can they can eat this and it's a
apparently dog flavored because they
really wanted
dog okay perform the breath test okay
let's know your breath open Louie she's
like exchange they go guys could I
please can you help me is there a
solution for my problem the couple
months ago we tried to brush their teeth
and do all that stuff cuz their breath
it was actually a stinky and you
remember the issues this remember this
doing that where we had to do it and
where the or pup let's you let the dogs
do it themselves test subject
she wants it okay now just let it lick
it it's just doing yourself you have no
idea that you're actually cleaning your
mouth right now
Marly I mean your next month could I
please have it can I please have it come
on
drooling like really want oh no it smell
better actually
alright bartering like yes yes I like
this I like this this is what I like
this is what I like to do I like to lick
things
so here's the deal guys
this is actually a prototype they're
still making the mold we have a special
pre-order for these things
now you can teeth or a pup you have to
lick the or up up there we go you can
keep doing if you want so what they did
is they set up a special link for the
CTFxC only since uh you know we were one
of the first people to talk about this
thing you go to or a pop comp saw CTFxC
and you can pre-order this you only have
two weeks to do this if you order them
now you'll get them in time for
Christmas in the United States you get
the flavor packs you get two human or
brushes as well as the aura pup and
they're giving you CT epic series free
shipping in the United States here you
want to keep doing this fine here geez
we all know this is us talking about a
product I just want to let you guys know
we don't ever talk about anything we
don't think it's cool or we ourselves
don't use and that's why I wanted to
show you
because we like the or brushes so much
and or pop is that I mean that they
obviously freaking like it they just
keep doing it
so if you guys want to get yours go to
or pop comm CTFxC I get one for all your
dogs oh we got an orange one and a black
one for Zoey the links down there in the
description go check it out guys yeah
freaking awesome right I'm so tired so
it's just a corn dog type of night ha ha
ha ha oh shit apart like that cool cook
quicker quicker than a microwave click
nice if I step back a little bit I
remember as a kid my mom would always
tell me not to stand too close to the
microwave do you think that's actually a
real thing like if you stand like maybe
disclose not like super close but like
like just watching it just like standing
too close to the TV it'll give you like
I don't know like horns
my mom said horns or like something like
four eyes I think she said I'd have
multiple eyes is there any actual truth
to that or that is that one of those
things where like parents are just
trying to get you not to do something I
remember when I was a kid and my parents
would let me have a corn dog it was like
it was like a treat it was like a
special occasion when you're older it's
like oh okay
Charles you were too lazy and tired to
make your own dinner eat a fucking corn
dog still get though all right well I'm
gonna go to bed guys that for today's
secret phrase I want to know if you
could be mutated by our microwave what
superpower would you have would you have
15 eyes could you fly I don't know how
that would make you fly tell me in the
comments below if you had mutated by a
microwave like your parents said what
would you turn into I look forward to
reading those also don't forget to check
out the aura pop and the new drunk
gaming on Ally's channel I'll see you
guys tomorrow
good night 0 1 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 1 0
oops sorry thought I was talking to
someone else hi again interwebs just
here to say hope you enjoyed the video
and all that jazz so you better have
enjoyed it or my crazy motherboard will
come for you don't forget to check out
or a pump in a new drunk gaming on
Ally's channel you can click here like
normal
Charles has to get a haircut now cuz he
looks like a dirty hippie see you
tomorrow
peace
wait
merci yes
with y'all trippin
would be an ally don't forget
