good morning guys this is pretty pretty
crazy hey good morning from the house
after 22 days on the road today is today
we de pack this thing yes so this is
going to be fun ready for all this yeah
okay I'm joking
I'm ready you ready what does it tackle
this let's just tackle it and unpack we
got a lot to do
where you going back in the RV we're not
going back in there for a while you got
used to it didn't you come on
nope let's go what's going on back in
the RV for welcome home Becker
so with this trip we've had so many
amazing memories though I just got to
say this is probably one of the coolest
things that we've ever got the deal
if you would choose a couple of your
favorite things I mean we're gone for
three weeks Colorado okay
yeah creed Creed was pretty good
everything is in the car
so Creed the first first day was pretty
amazing I have to say the hiking and it
was just it was a lot of fun
yeah prepare yourself guys today we're
going to have a nice little recap of the
amazing trip that we just had probably
what's going to happen today which is
where you live all the awesome moments
fun part now all wasted no time zero
time fun party oh it's good yeah not
that it's not to grab we stay pretty
clean though cuz we hear a lot of
laundry and everything's pretty much
colder I separate consciousness just
getting things back in the house it's
going to be the fun part and it doesn't
help that it's freaking hot out and
about the rain so we're kind of like on
a time crunch right now was another
awesome moment I can remember Oh sand
dune
sand boarding on the sand dunes that was
prior moment that I'm prior remember for
us my life not only because I completely
sucked at it but because it was awesome
and I never thought it would actually be
a thing
oh it's our alien was the same Eric from
Roswell what we call their Monroe that
was another cool place with Roswell
immediately walk in the house he goes
right to the back and starts chasing
lizards those lizards are running amok
all over again apparently he's going to
go reestablishes dominant boys response
all this is from the hotel when we went
to the Carlsbad cavern we got the hotel
for the dogs
I was Rick wait what is this from when
do we get a hotel from but no this is
when we got the dog a hotel room so we
could go into the caster's odor then I
found mr. Colorado sick came all of it
no don't you're not taking that again
it's a Colorado stick there you go don't
you take it from her brought that all
the way from Colorado and now Marley's
gonna try to take Marley don't try to
take that from her she's just such an
act and you're proud of it you know it's
crazy
I had like a newfound appreciation for
Florida weather now after going through
the Mojave Desert and like Joshua Tree I
completely okay with Florida weather now
what was 110 115 degrees
yeah I am never going to complain about
poor weather again or Ali complains just
tell us to shut up because honestly like
now we've experienced some hot weather
it was beautiful though the cable
without much makeup we ended up getting
most of this is actually jumped out like
oh you know out on the credit card that
you it's one of those fake credit card
things you know like where it's like
makes you feel like it's a real card
value pack more junk Joker that's my
favorite ones where it says like
somebody's name it's like John Smith or
current resident like it it just proves
that it's not important love that I'm
going through all the Shu egg and I'm
just trying to figure out why the hell
this suitcase is so big and you know
that cliche is like what do you have
packed near rocks
well Ali brought rocks back from
depression yeah that's my wife she fell
in love with these things so she brought
him through my front yard I mean I can't
really blame her like thank and it was
probably the most beautiful thing I've
ever seen completely it looks fake every
time I look at the videos of the clips
and the photos it just looks fake it
looks like a green screen which is it's
unbelievable
yeah throw away stuff this one in the
fridge so almost a month Marley's like I
leave it
mark is ready to eat that I've got to
say being in the car right now
running a bunch of errands first off I
just want to say how funny this is I
don't own a printer so I have to always
go to Kinko's and print out things and I
actually few and far between times a lot
of people often especially the question
for you guys you over here I know a
friend I just talked to my friend Shane
it what I just hold on that's like the
craziest thing girls like if I guide
this is nuts
yeah I mean I think I don't have a house
stone oh my god I don't have one of
those either oh my what is this world we
live in I I don't know it's like you
don't ever I always got the numbers
because you always have a certain kind
of number and if you got the wrong
number and you tried to make it work
then it doesn't work they're not going
to refund you so that we should be such
a pain yet I know now maybe I don't know
now W yes printer as I just ate 10 cents
5 cents or the few of our weekly times
is you getting campus fine stable
questions you're saying I think you
wanted coffees or think of you know you
weren't all dice such crap you are so
full of crap he is a liar you're not a
comedian gobby-o you go like this I
gotta say oh there you go there is come
on buddy
we gotta save the lizard bird nope nope
nope there we go
scurry scurry scurry he don't go under
the car nobody go we just save the
lizard we haven't checked the fuel box
in three why can we save the lizard I
was driving all right I'll take it
oh come on I think it's ready
I mean I'm dressed a little weird
no we haven't checked the peels off in
three weeks though do you remember what
was it five five five nine point six
nine six one day that one five five nine
six one is our kilo okay can I come in
oh boy oh we're a little backed up right
now we're gonna have to do a mail blog
good person one of those in a long time
very excited so what was your favorite
part of the Graduate just the redness
he comes to the Red List and
self-acceptance
and
towards the grass like from the bottom a
big animal a I'm in today with any of
these other ones they were
and and then like there are followers
which is something that kind of like
we kept talking about it what it would
sound like you're horrible for the ball
anywhere here what is it actually
devastatingly what does it sound like
when a tree fall or of a tree falls as a
bigger sound is that saying I think the
Redwood Falls it makes a sound you want
to bring this up is because I'm looking
at these trees right here what the
burden of higher nature
I wish you luck I'll turn that off I
care so your favorite thing about the
redwoods was just the redwoods in
general I think those is that was the
one place Ali and I I think on the trip
really really wanted to go to is the
redwoods disappear cool because it's
like to think about it you're standing
over the bed mm yeah but have like dr.
slide
I'm Vincent
callosities got everything out of the RV
clean to the RV up because we definitely
they want to return it and not having
clean I fill in as far as cleaning me
outside of it because one I'd like
washing cars as queers tensou or
gorgeous necesario pickup I wanted to
make sure the baby's mama to be
appreciated and I know this but I it's
so funny when Z goes dirty but then when
I start washing it you have like a plan
layer with dirt it's what it is
like so many did but there's nobody
called casualties on this challenge I'll
tell you now I pulled up on our
butterfly wing out of the grill yogurt I
remember we're where were we at it was
honestly I was so set about I know I get
a personal and everything but we went
through with it I think of our way to
LSM and there's a ton of like a yellow
little yellow baby butterflies
stopped and there's all these yellow
butterflies that were smashing the
grille of the car and oh my gosh my
heart I just think and I thought I could
say them was their dad Ali they can stay
on their smush
meanwhile and you run into another bug
it's just flat news like what would you
what but that's even the worst part is
like when they shut the wind chills no
matter how big or small does that boys
make some noise little friend mom are
prolly want a treat
hey friends you want to see the thing I
had is fist paper you're dumb
ok miss the runaround hey Billy you mr.
bones Billy mr. bones mr. toy diesel
just missed his couch is nice is nice
right running around
well we haven't say good night from the
couch in a freaking long time in Essen
in a while it's been a long time yeah I
know
Fedora be like leave before end the
video I completely forgot we showed all
the cool moments Yellowstone I
completely forgot to show a little
moment of the yellows like the last
place that we visited
yeah and it was probably one of the most
interesting because I've never seen a
geyser or colors that came out of the
ground like the orange and things like
that
this is me being justified on the camera
that is awesome
it's amazing that something can be so
beautiful but so incredibly deadly
deadly yeah but it was it was one of the
coolest things I think we've got really
gorgeous a shirt yeah sorry it was
definitely cool cool thing to experience
and see so I mean I just want to say
thank you guys or we wanted to say thank
you guys for subscribing you know
hanging out with us on our honeymoon
following the videos or travel videos
this is not the end of our travel videos
we end up doing a lot more all right you
guys like to just make sure you let us
know in the comment section below if you
liked these travel laws do you want to
see more things like that suggestion
places to go we are totally oh yeah
suggestions yeah we're down for another
RV trip that's for sure I don't want to
try and do something local I think that
smaller like it would be cool to go down
to the keys or like to Georgia something
about it obviously
st. Augustine really small ones and then
we'll go to a giant one again if you
guys haven't seen the the travel videos
to do this is your first video don't
forget to subscribe click that little
eye up there and there's a playlist of
the entire trip of all the videos that
you just saw with the montage I hope you
guys like the little flashbacks I
thought it was kind of a fun little kind
of like little like throat throw that
kind of thing we liked it you just like
is is heaven right now looking over like
a little boy yeah so we'll see you
tomorrow thanks for watching and thanks
for hanging out so when I got in bed
early night
you
