um excuse me ma'am that's that's not
your seat if you don't mind moving
that'd be great
that is where you're supposed to be good
morning everyone
it's our last day here in Sao Paulo we
wanted to go to a closed we went there
last time our first time we were here
that Knicks that day let's do you look
for another one yeah
Aiki we are in the hunt for a burger or
a sandwich and they only have nice stuff
fancy stuff which is awesome
spaghetti and shit I don't know
something else so we're just trying to
find like a burger place replacement
place bar adventure fun game try to
figure out what you're gonna do not
exactly burgers but old is familiar yeah
see that's the same colors and the chips
right yeah
burritos just like home what are those
no I know kind of peppers are those the
guys
Oh sadness or not hottest peppers and so
I Charles me I'm gonna bite one left to
right by two three three
hey daddy you want to do this
there comes hi next Mike see victory
dipping sauce
I mean
you're bleeding out of you I feel like
killing you is you have to one beer
right now
I did it nice
okay it's not so bad repeating it to a
baby come on there we go
it's an after burn and it is your third
grade back alright so now what you're
gonna want to do with your bows this
year is when you got some bed here you
can want to deadhead it go on take off
some of them they had rose and some
lemon dead-ass roads so you go cut it
down there where there's another bud
popping up slip two roses go I got I'm a
pool pump running through a lab right
here but don't put it off all right now
watch out put them stickers down stems
real sharp nasty we got a problem here
cuz I ain't got no new growth on this
one because this looks like a people
right here right so what we've got here
is that native species of a plantain now
oh I'm not gonna eat them cuz they're a
little bit too bitter for me but if you
find some right ones you can saute them
up real nice with a little bit of sugar
on them
Rose wait on that we have here is
a bougainvillea it's really large it's
hard to it's hard to maintain a
plantiffs of such size because
if a bug in my nose grows really big and
there's there's thorns on it and it
hurts my fingers
see what I mean this little fucker
Icarus it's really big
this has been an episode of gardening
with Ali trippy I just spit on the
camera thank you guys so much would you
like a rose here's the rose oh my god
it's baby Slenderman so you drop your
keys the dance oh let me just pick those
up for you Oh can't get up in the middle
of all the traffic all the Disney
Princesses you should get Ali and all
their tattoos up there somewhere
we're going to bird verse and bird to
buy some church for your hearse and your
bird for your bird so this is like a fur
like a faux fur bed like is this what
like a cro-magnon man would sleep in if
he were like you know just somehow
inducted into modern society like is
this what would happen it was like it's
like I wouldn't want to feel like I was
sleeping on top of a giant like raccoon
that's really weird
I'm getting sucked into the to the like
mom section of the store which is like
candles and Halloween stuff I'm actually
really excited for coming so I bought
little votive holders that are
skull-fuck you to pass you guys I think
I'm at Target in Panera every single day
at least that's what it feels like
birdie birdie birdie this is the
funniest thing I think I've ever seen
it's a cowboy riding a bull and like the
dog run that he like flux around also
most perfect thing I've ever seen a pig
costume for Marlee now I don't want to
get it because it's a little ridiculous
but at the same time I don't see how I
can't get it way yes what did pajamas I
was a onesie like a like a adult onesie
and I'm gonna wear it all the time I'll
probably wear it in public actually
because I'm already filming myself so
why not add to the ridicule by wearing a
onesie
sorry who is this okay you ready to see
the thing that's probably going to give
me nightmares for the rest of my life
that is terrifying waves with this
random place in the mall look if they
have a museum section inside the store
looked like his foxy thingies and these
phone thingies it's pretty cool Museum
we're gonna play a game I'm just going
to show you let me explain anything
Danny's holding up a shirt and you have
to tell me what's wrong okay in the
comments tell me what's wrong oh he's
covering up the why oh yeah
so my mom told me to buy all of this had
nothing to do it would you like to see
what I have in my basket right now for
Halloween I'll show you I went a little
crazy look what I have
I totally stole Charles's free drink
card and I'm gonna go and get a copy and
he totally doesn't know he was gonna
absolutely kill me he wants to use all
of these to do his little like drink
challenges or he makes the biggest most
expensive and ridiculous drinks he can
but you know what take it so now the
long process of checking in all this
stuff I was gonna leave it with Bryan
but then I felt bad
oh man there's so many people out there
in flow I remember it last time now
oh you got the passport all thank God I
thought I lost my passport oh we made it
through and Danny only lost Danny would
Julie's drumstick remember last time he
lost his or they took his drumstick they
did it again and it took his tripod so
it's Yoshi's drumstick so in the
comments make sure to say good luck to
Yoshi Bryan and nerve block for the next
couple months they're gonna be on tour a
little bit more they're coming back
doored they're coming back all right
Scott's not going away new drugs the
life or two what are you doing there
it's a very strategic process blood drop
people aren't gonna want to eat dinner
at my house Oh God
chef Yukie prepared some deliciousness
for us chef Jesse I prepared some salad
and chef James to you the tester I need
to I'm a tester
I'm very happy with my job this is great
you guys want to see my awesome food I
don't know what that is we can use it I
don't know what that is that it was
cheese delicious
all right I'll see you guys a little bit
once we land all right bye guys
worse yet
giddy with child tripping
to be an ally
