there's a ghost dog in my house honey
how did you get trapped in this blanket
honey no okay all right wait a minute
wait a minute nope that's not the end a
lot watching the hell Marley here we go
good morning guys say good morning no
you just said good morning by not saying
it but you can see my shirt in the
reflection oh hello you've seen you
before so remember that music video were
shooting on world tour well we're trying
we're gonna get them at exclusive thing
at MTV Brazil so all of our American
shows put in flower in a release we
party way that's how we do it that's how
we roll the wedges we got about all the
wedges hey awesome Johnny to try one
point it looks giant like this and just
back haha I got some espresso that's one
thing about Brazil I remember the coffee
being awesome overworked or I added
together a music video for pie partisan
love and radio I'm actually gonna be
uploading it on the Charles Trippy
channel very soon but I had an idea this
morning was like wait we're going to be
on into your Brazil today why do we play
it so they're gonna play my music video
that i made of the entire warped tour of
parties I'm
radians I'm really excited this is kind
of cool not only is it releasing a new
music video for the band but I got to do
it so as I'm DVD and we're back hola oh
my god this is so exciting look there
they are ya oh my god so cute boys she
can form a fish before the epoxy find
significant it is omega y minus do uh
give up all our japan porn work leaving
town what's natural when you have once
again deeply cool it's freaking me out
that there are empty years old this is
ridiculous now they're gonna show the
clip that Charles edited and I cannot
believe they're gonna premiere this on
em to my Brazil right now this is crazy
every show and we're gonna do it tonight
i dunno company show we're gonna called
party fun love that was fun they played
the video i'm running errands i finally
got the pool stuff together so imma be
knocking out today i'm gonna move to go
touch more insurance litter you know
what I'm so proud though I I can't
explain how excited I am for the boys
that they were on MTV Brazil again and
that they got to show that video to
everyone in Brazil into everybody was
watching online that was just such a
cool collaborative experience and I
think that's one of the things that you
have to remember about the Internet is
that even though you feel like you're
just a small you know person you don't
have any subscribers or whatever it may
be that seems discouraging to you just
remember that like there are always
people out there they're going to be
willing and want to collaborate with you
it's a really cool experience we were
able to get all of those people in those
shots from all those warp tour you know
footage to everything that was shown in
that video was shot and made by friends
of ours and edited together by Charles
and it was just so cool and there were
so many of you guys in it there were so
many like fans and viewers and just
awesome people in the video and
everybody just made it come together so
beautifully so I guess what I'm trying
to say is thank you to everybody who had
a hand
rocking their faces off at one of those
shows and also keep your head up don't
get discouraged just keep making videos
if it's what you want to do you're
always going to find an outlet or
something cool if it's really your
passion you can do it I just I'm in such
a good mood today after seeing that like
it just really reaffirms that hard work
can pay off you know sometimes you need
reminders that's not that high there's a
city look up right now oh good right now
you're right goalie you wanna go what I
go like jumping over the city oh my god
right ready and right oh my god 32 who
farted as far as the city freaking goes
on forever it just doesn't stop like
there's no end to it this is a photo
zoom in on Koli oh alright guys i have a
few people want to say hi res do also
guys all in the comments say happy
birthday as well she's the girl that did
all the Portuguese subtitles so say
happy birthday social reading and stuff
like that do it good luck get a what the
bikes the bikes are what's gonna it
seems we're in that part of Sao Paulo
where there's really no food or anything
getting hit by cars touch the furry
plant where's your side salad there so
we have four percent on the side oh my
god that's your size elder their salad
Sarah oh yes the garnish I have some
solid you can borrow right here if you
want ya to do mari should help help our
Marley go home / gonna help gonna help
Michael gal you're just tweeted about
around smiling right now nice i'm kind
of a crazy but I'm excited it's supposed
to be really scary yeah and I don't like
you um like what do you guys see that
sky that's the freaking moon oh my god
that's beautiful just stared it just
just just keep staring at it for like a
little while longer I don't think you
get it yet okay you got it I already had
some redbull really like rebel rebel
rebel rebel rebel I like we're home do I
need you making the red ball in the
right
yeah Oh charge the mound Georgetown we
had I think three redbulls apiece right
now this is gonna be interesting coolio
20 what are you wearing what are you
wearing going I'm going yeah oh yeah
baby gap
Oh
so I don't think I mentioned this in
hunters birthday at midnight it's also
Yoshi's last show and brian's last show
and you're not such a weird yeah
whatever you know no but they're gonna
go on tour with a Sunday and fall in
Reverse for what cuz we're going to be
recording so make sure to say happy
birthday hunter how old are you now 6 26
26 yrs old is calling you honey I've got
afraid Rick look at that there's a
lightning storm there's heat lightning
in that cloud and that's the moon this
is seriously one of the prettiest things
I've ever seen do you see that that is
crazy all right Madre haircut time well
just bang trim ish I would you want to
hear cut to you Marley would you like a
haircut too overly do you want a haircut
look I won't whatever you have if it's
related to food get him really get it
really get her my good camera get her
you guys are redic just stop acting like
you hate each other I've seen you
sleeping together they both like what
the fuck Oh Marla you had to fart let's
go ahead let your tail what is happening
oh oh oh my god close the window right
zombies turn the light on so they can
see you
I can't close it they're so awesome so
we just left the venue right now and
wait where's the venue right there not
leave just now without 20 minutes 40
minutes ago I meritus gravely right
there that's why this where's Brian uh
sure right there oh that's we just the
traffic is so bad right now we just
asked the cop and they're giving us an
escort Chevy industry and as an
Oldsmobile she's pretty Jeremy Chevy and
smooth is an Oldsmobile back to whorin
that's what I heard horrid sabres just
get it Michigan holding everything
everybody's gonna stay in this video
that rock is completely wasted only one
through the night that our flag was
still there
got a cake coming get the protection
mr. Jack Jack Daniels 160 67 birthday
really old super old I'm into a lot of
fun birthday parties this should be fun
this is gonna be fun ready you ready mom
he's off room it's offer you harder
Josh do it again you gotta do it go
break all right there you see I just
need a monocle it can that was actually
a lot of fun but it was really really
loud so we're leaving now we took a
couple photos you guys want to see I saw
ladyhawke their dogs really happy right
now
alright guys so it's a very special day
I'm a horrible friend and I totally
forgot but it's actually Corey's
birthday you know lady daddy's brother
so we're gonna go out and celebrate with
him for a couple more hours it's
actually pretty late right now but we're
gonna make it hopefully before the
freaking club closes that's how we do it
we shut down shut down look at you Yoshi
my asian side really good at that all
right guys it is time to go to bed it's
been an eventful night it's got a boost
me because this could be like the last
show ish for a while because we would
start recording soon so I'm gonna pass
out now it is late and I gotta start
editing a little bit in sending clips
Ali I will see you guys tomorrow don't
forget to wish hunter a happy birthday
and you know good luck to Yoshi and
Brian and nerd rock like they read all
this stuff so make sure to like write
your messages so they can you know check
it out so I will see you guys tomorrow
good night
it's coming over Yardley wait up
hey where's easy at sexy
with y'all trippin
West with chakra finale
I
