we're slowly but surely trying to take
oh by the way good morning guys we're
totally by surely but you're really
trying to take every pillow that we
possibly can so you can have a giant
pillow fest I'm in high school again
with my cafeteria food what are you
gonna get your look with pasta pasta
chicken salad times our game plan is to
get super full suite just fall asleep
I don't like my HP or brown he looks
like Jim Gaffigan want my brownie now
you gotta check everything
nothing how crazy would that be if I
found my way I think
bathroom
or airplane matter I Darius like your
butt on that
well it's a beautiful day our little
pedigree chum oh those are ritching look
at this madness I think I do well with
it and then it goes right back to this
it's so hard to maintain this flip and
pool the problem is is that I'm not
brushing it enough or something because
the water is totally clear but there's
algae on the bottom all I wanted my
whole life I've got a house with a pool
and now I'm like God I would have a pool
I just wanted to be pretty I like I suck
at this i can maintain my fingernails
much less an entire pool text message
what you readin doesn't we fight each
other what you're eating 1% wedding
derby it's just an overview of a bunch
of rich people's weddings it says all
holy crap they did well i'm reading van
your hair oh my god jossis the buzzy
invitation was a customized silver case
containing plane tickets and a booklet
illustrated with watercolor paintings of
the wedding venue and it was plane
tickets to Paris France they flew a
thousand people to Paris and had Kylie
Minogue play at their wedding and it
cost 60 million in dollars oh boy I
remember this cluster f over here so the
funniest thing happened you know my dear
face on my pieces in my passports and
all that stuff the girls are kind of
like doing this I had two girls right
first of all had to call another one
over because they were just kind of like
looking at me strange and kind of going
what this acidic is laughing to each
other so i guess the dirt face is uh
succeeded Danny and I were just talking
about that one time we were here and
coley got sucked into the vortex and
just cut that entire jawline you're over
that sorry oh this one is not opening
either dude there's our Brazilian skyway
bridge Oh mr. Lyon we have a bunch of
rooms cuz we got here early I'm just
going through all the rooms and trying
to find out which has the best Wi-Fi
Wi-Fi boys is it bad his them you got to
make sure I get the best wife I gotta
make sure these vlogs get uploaded you
guys All Right girls you go special
snack because mommy cooked a bunch of
eggs and realized afterwards that you
didn't have any toaster cheese so you
guys get some egg he's always knows like
Marley more absolutely mmm yep back it
up it to death okay ready sit sit sit
sit sit sit sit she's like no no nothing
girls you're not even listening you guys
suck she says Marley could you eat it
fast enough okay that's it you guys
inhaled two eggs already oh yeah girls
it's golf cart time I was like I'm good
I'm good school II don't it's uh speed
family adventure dead after daughter
nananananana
Justin you asshole I'm gonna watch the
road now that's unless i murder my loved
ones and myself let's race funny chicken
remember the Amazon trail looking rot
damn love it Oh God okay we're going on
a high straight now we came all the way
to Brazil to like rob a bank and that's
what we're gonna use look at that
Affleck movie I love Ben Affleck
let's go on the white bag oh let's check
this oh okay candy for a ride this is
awesome mom I swear I'm eating
nutritious food well I'm over here B are
these good here you go oh they're so
good i return them what I'm not a child
like anything again was that a pita that
is not a peanut it's not a pig it's a
peanut but it's not a pi√±a try that's
good now is a nice setup there's MTV
nerd rock
is gonna be a big show sup yo she good
are you look at the shiny
why are you doing that oh we're gonna
we're gonna take this out of here hey
god it's gone Danny losses share
privileges this isn't a typical show set
up this is likes to do shit the vault
there's MTV right there maybe they're
filming this we have an interview with
tomorrow with MPD so maybe they're kind
of sponsoring it is nice I shall avenge
the death of someone because i have an
Avenger but actually no I won't because
I'm nass hold I'm Robert Downey jr. and
I don't care about anything except money
when that culture was a redhead go yes
it even has the convenient carrying area
through my purse and there go the
services wait no you're supposed to be
getting the cat what oh you just threw
that at the internet Zoe come here you
are never going to get me will never get
me and now I'm giving the cat a Russian
accent or whatever accent them giving
her that's not Russian it's something
made up totally get out of my face get
out of my face trying to hold it out the
window give it to me Charles child let
about the camera got it oh now the
trucks go the dreaded captain yeah we'll
see on the other side now put down your
beer and have the kept it in yet asaram
enjoy my beverages knew what their piggy
up here the teeth what you thinking over
there hell's going on colors just like
judging everyone dad
you quit your horsing around you know
her name is eating a table this we try
this I've had one before are you messing
with the dog again i watch question
though you have fun Zoe do you like
being at Grandma and Grandpa's do you
like treats do you like your sister is
somebody ice in the urinal very odd well
guys
your nerd rock Oh assuming I don't get
stuck in this elevator I hope that was
kind of creepy you can kinda see how can
you guys see that this oh I just totally
tripped me out am I gonna say anything
I'm just gonna walk in the room and just
from 10 yo sure my boys but wake up Yosh
oh whoa at the back of ago what smack
good night good night good night Brian
all right guys well it is time to go to
bed we have an early call time for
tomorrow but ah it's gonna be exciting
show secret phrase for today it's just a
tell Ali I love her and miss her and zoe
marley at i miss her associate charm
miss is all you guys dad our a minute
okay alarm reset yeah so what it
slumbers what is that snooze yeah i
think it's like snooze that's the snooze
button what's it home if the actual time
isn't 124 how that's what I'm trying to
say I've you're looking at me like oh
that's a good easier that's easy to say
it didn't say like it says one time some
of you try to save there's no going on
there i have no idea what's going on oh
my god
alright use my phone
are we wait
hey where's the psst
giddy with y'all tripping
Lexi
west with chakra p an early
