good morning everyone I'm in the chipper
mood because I'm not getting on a 6am
flight yes yes yes all right hop in Zoe
ready Marley come hop in come on mom or
do I go to Brazil hop in oh gosh no I
don't really want to go there again go
to Brazil with me okay go in almost okay
go in okay let's sit down she's coming
to Brazil I see that I think Brazil's
like becoming our second homes like we
the kings second home unofficial home
isn't it you guys wanna see something
kind of funny my derp face visa that is
no his favorite thing in the world
so I'm not flying out until about six
o'clock tonight so that means the entire
day is ours and that I can relax and
stuff so we're gonna go hang out we're
gonna just kind of chill and I have kind
of like a family day Ali's got her you
how you like a new hair I love it you
like it it's kind of impressive that
Ali's hairs just woke up stand straight
did you roll in something watch out for
the biker gang or I guess biker couple
Charles his way back there's always
finally realizing at a Tim he went to
the cardia the frisbee my Michael gam
she looks up whenever he calls her name
and then she's like I'm gonna resume but
sniffing their poo sniffing there Zoe
getting her daily vegetable intake won't
a weirdo Charles and I have a pretty
good tactic I'm getting Zoey to play
frisbee we just go and play with her
frisbee ourselves and then she's like
wait wait wait wait we will await you
can't be having fun with my toy without
me so yeah we have fun without her
alright so we're playing with your
frisbee so as number five today Marley
just wants a bath oh and now she takes a
poop I think you scared the poop out of
her literally hey you oh dude why are
you letting her do this to me this is
not cool she rolled in the poop not me
I think she's lost her mind well careful
careful what gears are you get go ahead
glion all right sorry hold still I'm
gonna get this okay and we put on your
back ready no come on it's not that
heavy it's just Travon hunters guitar
think Coley's isn't there 200 you be
careful with that oh my gosh you have
your first gray hair I wonder where that
came from your your first grit no it's
not really great yeah it is that's super
gray super gray here we gooo smacker I
don't even have a gray hair yet how do
you have one yo lady oh that's from you
you're stressed well you want these
going to baby calf you ill do you pull
it out of course i did i'm not leaving
that nasty thing in my head is a baby
colonel Oh a hug the puppy oh he's like
please don't leave almost and by Dennis
know we're coming ball hog eugenol to go
ya big baby okay good be good you're
good ad so I get the nincompoop award
for today I we left for the airport I
forgot my phone and ever got my camera
all in separate things yeah we had to go
back and forth back forth back for like
digging the house and he's like go back
let you guys go back
I'm a nincompoop I'm a turkey I'm an
idiot I suck you're not just a turkey
here thanksgiving turkey hope I'm a
butterball yeah I can't I can't bring
this like my livelihood by to
livelihoods I completely i got my
parents passport though and i have tribe
and Danny's passport or Danny Danny
hunters wait no I can't have travis's
but who do I have husband he doesn't me
interested did it it it did it did it i
just edited it did it did it did it
stated it all yours had I thought
eventually do that I was for going out
right with like awesomes like a really
dumb word of head around man awesome
blossom fuck Wow husband again first I
just showed Ali she can do like a reply
to message on iOS 6 and this is this is
Ali's that one's Ali's mine doesn't say
honorary Fido I added that alright this
one is the one that I this is the one I
use that one's mine and now she's
obsessed I mean I haven't and change
them every day she's gonna change them
so when people call she can ignore
message out of phone calls good jerk I
ignore frontalot what do you think this
is a your own living room huh huh colors
does that lipstick
using alleys by the way
okay oh that feels really stick over me
now love you what no no oh no chris this
time you never had it oh no oh they're
scary on our last trip i lost my neck
pillow so I need to get another one but
I want to give make sure i get a really
nice one that last one sure got it I
knew I should have got it that'll be
picky what a holdout gotta be you know
got to be really picky with something
like this our traditional drinks before
international flights yeah there we go
we're going to Atlanta ya know what will
be in Brazil soon hmm don't mind if I do
just buffing buffing my shoes top of the
morning to you 343 you got it got it
there we go winning lotto thesis I've
got a golden ticket
hi it took you long enough I come
walking if you see Molly just staring
any on the couch I found the perfect
card
all right one of them oh the things
right there what's going on with the
windows all right so you guys ready yes
kind of decided to go back to Brazil
place pretty girls I'm right about the
littlest thing you'll be behind you all
the way back front end up and landing up
looks like the Sun is sinking
look how shiny the new terminal hey I
like this first time in the terminal F
in Atlanta this is nice just like
Detroit moving on up I gotta go pillow
down so on that flight I was sitting
next to this older guy complete badass
he didn't care he was in the entire time
he was on his computer until like the
second it landed that's when he put the
computer way you want to see a photo I
took a photo some photos like a boss yep
most badass old man ever this is nice
fancy I feel parole I need like a
monocle right now this is like where I
need a monocle we all need my monocle
and top hats so when we come out to
every case like where those Christmas
computer class ring hunters Evans of
Braavos my class I have to break it well
that was our plane so I guess we're all
right so we're all coming together we
got beer I hear you gotta we don't go
away wait where's Nova yep porn nerd
rocks always missing his flight so all
right so we're just about to get on the
flight sau Paulo I don't know if I'll be
able to upload anything else it's kind
of weird using the front-facing camera
on the new one I don't really know if
I'll be able to upload anything else so
this might be the end for me tonight
look at that look wanna see what I have
to get on with yeah that's gonna be nine
hours of maybe i'll edit some videos and
watched movies all that fun stuff but I
i will see you guys later and enjoy the
rest of the video love you honey and
make sure Zoe Marley don't eat
everything including the trash cooking
some past oh there's a weird bluish
light against so freaky and some garlic
right now that I'm going to eventually
add some broccoli too no you can't have
any Justin's over providing them musical
entertainment while i choke on a peanut
I just got back from Marlene's I went
over there to give her some flowers for
her
Thanks today was that you liked it well
today I can't get anything done with him
around here all right everybody it's
getting late I just finished watching at
the movie for the cinema review I
usually always just watch it like right
the night before even if I've seen it
before just so I can kind of refresh my
opinions of it but I actually never seen
this movie before so I was really
excited to watch it so i'm going to be
reviewing adaptation and if you want to
see my review that you can go to my
channel i just have to like sort my
thoughts out that movie like totally
blew my mine so it's amazing i agree
with everyone who told me a nic cage did
a very good job in the movie that i will
say all right guys charles i miss you
i'm sorry my dishwasher is running it's
like really loud charles i miss you i
hope that you're enjoying brazil and
next time you better take it with you
alright guys love you will see you
tomorrow night
hey where's baby at sexy
giddy with y'all trippin
us with chakra p
don't forget Zoe
