let's go for a run ready are you look
comfortable there you go
let's go for a walk let's go for a walk
Jeff go blue one cookie what a cookie
running on the beach what what you use
that no you put it right take that
always need someone to clean up my mess
can't get that joke did you get what
that is don't give me another hand I'm
not a monster it's only a mask tell me
what that's wrong come in and clean up
after a murder what do they call cleaner
no hazard games lush YouTube based
meeting at Panera which is no we've
never done that before that's totally it
was new there's a new future fresh in
new fresh fire new exciting before today
is the day I get to wash my hair in just
one hour
it's the best day on earth right now
even though I woke up with a migraine at
5:00 a.m. and it hasn't gone away and
still now and it's like three o'clock
that's okay you know why cuz I'm getting
my hair washed I'm a happy camper after
four days of Ali being a disgusting
hippie their hair is not actually that
bad for penis bug eyeglasses so she's
gonna get she's gonna get that she gets
a shampoo our hair today I'm elated
I am so elated I am so you want to
define that for theirs elated what does
that mean you're mainly happy on my word
for a day word for the day a word a day
for the day a day so Ali's gonna go take
a shower I had to go walk and get a
coffee because guys no hair styles hair
salons or whatever they're boring
there's nothing to do wait a minute
I have to get on a plane tomorrow
love them bridge you guys were supposed
to make me not do this you guys we're
supposed to stop me I'm out of coffee
before 30 now I feel amazing I actually
told her I was like I'm just gonna stay
here you can watch my hair all day and
she's like okay let's go to the chair
and I was just saying and she's like are
you really gonna sit there and like I
was there for five minutes after she
left and I didn't get available we have
not even used any light straightening
stuff on it just like that it's just
like look at this side we like blow
drying a finger is an event
intensively when you walk outside the
community my name oh I see them all
right I don't think I've ever seen your
hair this straight it really is it's
disgusting so tomorrow I leave for
Brazil we're playing a couple shows back
in Sao Paulo like I said yesterday and I
had to walk to go get a case I decided
because you guys were telling me over
and over in the comments and on Twitter
afraid of like getting the golf cart
stolen so I just decided to walk and now
I'm realizing this was the dumbest thing
ever cuz walking in sandals sucks but
I'm getting exercise so that's always
positive so thank you for reminding me
to get a case for my phone cuz I forgot
I'm a complete idiot
I've always wondered why people do these
things for like Windows like what if
there's like a fire like how do you get
out like stuck and what would they do
those are not these screw this walking
I'm gonna call Ally okay never mind my
phone is dead I gotta learn to charge
but oh hey how's it going
I gotta learn to charge my phone because
of that new iPhone 5 only having that
one cable I'm so lazy about it because I
have to go find that one cable so I've
been really lazy about charging my phone
and now I'm paying for it
whoa that was right I was actually gonna
go running tonight and I don't need to
after that okay
oh look how awesome this guy looks right
now that is awesome
buddy what's back look there's a bat
watch it can you guys see it right there
Nana and then and then and then it's bat
bat
it's just chilling there dear you think
he's a sausage in Iran such a jerk
oh dear go did you just have a parking
fail no parking fail and father come on
you're in the lines you're okay pretty
look at that parking that's not good
does it sorry this is awful there's
nobody here oh yeah that's pretty awful
is she blind yeah
all right there we go so it is my
mother's birthday yes we got the trapeze
out here celebrating Ali is going to
come later she's got a migraine right
now she's the migraine monster so my mom
wanted spaghetti and meatballs so we're
gonna get her that huh this is a 600 mom
we gotta turn the lights off okay hold
on there we go
this chain remind you of mr. Dees no you
gotta say it put it that's your daughter
is your daughter no anybody you got what
you're one of raviolis it's a me Mario I
remember Mario at Super Mario
that's a be a monorail it jumps jumps
and then you used to say that you fling
birds at it and knocks down like pillars
no you said you said it's going COI coin
what do you say that's weird
oh boy I don't know anything my mom
still doesn't know what
this is my mom and I are the exact same
my sister like that or the exact same
you got it you got a glob of ice cream
what is this always burning things why'd
you friendship cuz I like it dark I
don't belong here
oh boy you snored snorting looks like
some weird festoon yeah what are they
not don't they look weird like cereals
cereals you got some cocoa Chris right
there mom pulled out all the stops
it's a pika
that does taste like Serio they like
adventure in the migraine of doom
how you feeling I'm sure this bright
light is helping hold on hold on I mean
wait let me do this let me do this here
hey this so you look all evil I don't
see it
I figured I did me an Internet good
night and let you deal with it
Laser laser you got a little teddy bear
up here my stop making yourself okay dun
dun dun
Zoe you look all dramatic so it's
getting late I need to go to bed but uh
today's secret phrase I just want
everyone to wish my mom a happy birthday
a big 6o my mom's a badass so make sure
say happy birthday mama tripping in the
comments so she can go read it cuz she
watches these videos so she'll read all
that fun stuff as you can see from our
little dinner my family is crazy awesome
so you can see where my keen where comes
from
and speaking of humor when we were a
warped tour a couple months ago trav and
I were gonna do this video where we tell
people that touch his hair his good luck
and when they go to reach over he would
live like that and scare him we did a
whole bunch of him I lost a lot of it
but I found a few clips and I figured
instead of like deleting it and just
letting it go into the you know the
abyss of one zero zero one zero one one
zero was I would put at the end of this
video so that way at least you know it's
seen a little bit there's a couple
people in there don't forget to go check
out drunk gaming on Ally's channel
tomorrow I get on a plane and head to
Brazil but I feel just a totally bad yep
a couple days in Brazil I will see you
guys tomorrow good night and as silly
pillow and Marley leg pillow
that apparently Marly has a teddy bear
she must have been chewing all right
good night
you
dum-dum-dum I'm back
while char gets on a jet plane to Brazil
I thought I'd remind you to go watch
Hallie suck at playing Borderlands 2
it's pretty funny so click right penis
here and it'll take you there also happy
birthday to mom a trippy for being way
cooler than Charles anyway enjoy the
video and hope you have a good time
worse yet
with y'all trippin
with charity
don't forget
