one more they help you
what I mean you can't eat the rest of it
you want her to help she's right there
she can help you well come on bubble
guts let's go hey
eat it I asked you to eat your food okay
you know what might help her out
you see you said you needed help
well she's right there she can help you
if so I'd show you secret how much I see
oh I see you don't want what it's about
I don't like see love mommy what are you
doing down there oh she smells the air
fresheners they smell like food which I
think there might be something on here
hold on guys I mean let me look again
let me just double-check is that
confusing does kind of smell like food I
get my computer back today oh I have a
story for you guys by the way I have by
the way there's my show off my Rockstar
wife oh she's got her little black ski
jeans little rock shirt get him
rock star wife right there the only
thing she's missing is like a little dog
in like bubble gum and like yeah it's
gonna walk like that
there we go here's my Rockstar wife
right there oh I have a story for you
guys I'm gonna tell you guys after
though cuz it's pretty awesome
wait who's that hottie I had to go bad
never got the box maybe it health stuff
can I have your number
hey hipster have you seen my wife
Ali doesn't like the best parts of the
okay I have about all upstream the
tomatoes the onions I please have the
onion all right well I got my own little
salad going it's like if I'm not really
hungry
I don't worry for me because I can
always pick off of her it's like I have
a salad down there just give me one
piece of leaf one leaf no look at that
now now I have my own cell this is what
you call the gangster salad my husband
is a freaking psychopath show than what
you just did I just washed my hands yeah
he makes fun of me for the way I eat we
are both equally weird show them what
just don't even say anything to show me
did now you don't get any preach no no
meeting my potato chips for the port all
right did they see that let me do it
again
okay all right all right all right all
right that was one of my that was genius
though that was genius
see I wash my hands I didn't want to get
greasy no no no you don't get that you
don't get to say anything beforehand
well I got a feeling for chips and now
proper manners of eating soup with alle
tricky when you are using a from a soup
spoon you can see
if you dish at a formal dinner it is a
bit oh it's good to be first away from
yourself and then towards your mouth you
should not escape the suit this way as
it looks as though you're ferociously
doubting your meal which is unbelievable
and that was proper spoon etiquette
without intravenous perfect I know
so my story I forgot to tell you guys
remember there was a spot on the screen
I took it to International Plaza in
Tampa to get it replaced got it back I
don't even think they did anything it's
true they like stripped all my screws
they screwed everything up big screwed
everything I called him and asked him to
fix it and they said I would have to
drive and like come back like six times
before they can do it I just talked to
another Apple store and sure enough they
screwed up all the screws the guy
couldn't replace it couldn't take the
screen apart couldn't take it apart at
all what they did was they gave me no
charge the maxed-out 2.7 gigahertz 760
solid state hard drive 16 gigabyte ram
computer I cannot believe the stroke of
luck that has just happened
hey Ali
we can get rid of that did that help
you're still very busy trying to
convince that guy we're gonna get rid of
a dead hooker okay hold on I think I
have a way to get rid of this where can
I put a dent hooker
we'll get this taken care of
maybe Apple got rid of that feature yep
she just called the cops all right we
gotta go
clothing the computer up here head are
you doing the beginning front of the
video as you know like Zoe must be
growling valid I can't hear the guy
forgets look over and notice
holding his ear up to his computer right
before he decides to freeze up and
sneeze all over my right when I see this
area hold on Ryota stuff your butt
alright it's still so funny to me that
Marley can come be like become the queen
of any any situation like any dog part
cold for us in Florida right now
today's marks the first day of that I
don't think it'll obviously fall or
anything like that but the first day
when Florida starts to get really
awesome what oh it was okay well then it
was marking the first day it's really
nice right now it's not like hoodie
weather is this is like hoodie weather
in Florida
this is cold Florida right now normally
it's still let's go let's go you think
you can make it through here all right
before you display the internet game
okay take everyone put your guests will
Ally make this how many shots five no
you get two three shots all right how
many times do you think Ali's gonna make
this from there for his being there
three times how many times out of three
do you think she's gonna make it okay
oh four three all right I'll give you
five oh four four oh four five all right
see how many times you can make it out
of three shots
I'm guessing zero oh my god that's one
did you really just fall did you really
just fall for the second time in like
three days
good thing I was recording okay one for
three okay you get five I'm giving you
two more chances to for five or two for
three Struve or four sorry it's okay
guys I totally know what I'm talking
about three four five there's some good
odds baby yeah the dogs are just eating
poop and grass and we're actually
playing for his being enjoying ourselves
on the obstacle course that's meant for
the docks Lee Mazzilli don't hit her
look at that sky you guys I was going to
show you over there Charles and lightly
playing but I also wanted to show you
how gorgeous this looks right now this
is insane color it's like cotton candy
doesn't care
come back here alright wait pause I
can't give too much away
I just gave long way don't tell anyone
it's coming out oh my brother just
trying to show him the Edit of drunk
gaming for this week which is going to
be actually on my channel today if
you're watching this today so you can go
to youtube.com slash alley and check it
out thank you to Prince Eid my brother
for playing some games so let's watch
not allowed to watch you say I know you
can't mic and watch mine can watch Oh
get out of here lady watching making
dinner
oh yeah gotta make some dinner
so this is gonna be the last meal I can
make it home because tomorrow actually
tomorrow is my mother's birthday yes
mama trippy it's her birthday so we're
gonna go out to eat and then the
following day on her birthday which is
the 26th I actually have to fly to
Brazil did I tell you guys we have shows
in Brazil I think we have one or two
shows out there in Brazil I would be
there from the 26th through October 1st
I think that's like three times in the
past year
going down to Sao Paulo which is cool
cuz there's a lot of CTFxC r--'s in
South America and then I get home on the
first and then Ali and I go to the
contiki road trip with everybody you
know corey vidal Jesse and Jeana
everyone we're going to Europe from the
5th through the 15th if you guys over in
Europe Ali and I are coming and we're
gonna hit London I'm not really sure I
think I only mentioned earlier but we're
gonna be hitting like London Italy
Germany Paris bunch of them there's a
whole bunch of them I want to see
everyone it's CTFxC shirts companies
gatherings so I can just go high five
high five high five
honestly like sometimes I forget how big
the CTFxC is that you guys are worldwide
III knew the CTFxC extended outside the
United States but I didn't I didn't
realize how massive you guys are all
over the world even some countries that
I never even heard of one of those
things that just kind of gives me goose
bumps to think how how
the CTFxC is and how much we grown
together and how much we keep growing
over the past four years seven years if
you've been watching me since I've been
doing things on the trellis trippy's
channel this is what 2005 it's almost
seven years I think this is my seventh
year on YouTube so hopefully with this
trip I'll be able to get to meet more of
you guys and then I think we're coming
back on tour with me the Kings did I say
that I didn't say that no one no one
ignores the Marley no one ignores the my
league all right guys I'll see you
tomorrow enjoy the latest video on
Ally's Channel good night guys hi oh
it's me again Charles forgot to say good
night so I'll do it for him man he's
really losing his mind anyway good night
guys
don't forget to watch Halley's new video
she uploaded today she basically sucks
at playing Borderlands 2 and hilarity
ensues well click the box and watch
enjoy guys
yes
with y'all trippin
with trippy and Harry don't forget to
