what guys have a go home well hopefully
we see all this at home Xion Brazil the
US could be like that if you have any
complaints about the day's play we would
like to ask that you please write them
down on a 5 10 or $20 bill and submit
them to me on your way out of the
aircraft and I'll be happy to pass them
along to the complaint department any
compliments suggestions and as an Air
Force veteran myself I can't help but
recognize that we have some men and
women of the Armed Forces onboard the
flight today we'd like to give them a
round of applause and thank them for
their service if you would without their
service and dedication we would not have
the proceed it's always really awesome
when you get a flight attendant it's
actually
but killing time
they're gonna check you for the way
Oh sexy ease up on
I'd let them hire
really yeah whole time I've never done
that for life in California on that all
right
this happens up there is he swim a
little higher all right so here's the
deal
the Apple Store screwed up my computer
again remember when is this my burns a
hole why you know screw Apple they
didn't screw in the thing apparently
they didn't even change the monitor the
same specs were still there from the
last monitor so I think they literally
was just like there you go so they don't
even do it we're driving over there I'm
trying to give this video uploaded from
yesterday so if it was a little late
that's pretty much why dead like three
hours of slave gotta keep going I'm
gonna break your break stuff I'm really
really confident everybody sucks
you don't know what your ass
guys all sudden everything's 3G like
you're really there it's so cool I guess
like we're actually driving at a time
like you actually have in your lanes
what fight oh okay I'm sorry
hey hey all right all right all right
all right all right all right all right
all right do you guys remember yesterday
where I was we're all talking about how
I fell during our show somebody uploaded
it I'll show you after I'll just go show
Allie this for the first time okay ready
this is me where I land awkwardly
calling recovered and then there's a
point where you right here I'm just like
you know I'm done I'm totally done I've
done so this is the clip we just watched
see you know it's not that bad I feel
like I made a pretty good recovery don't
you think what do you think in the
comments was it totally yeah Charles you
embarrass the crap out of yourself or no
Charles I think you did pretty okay let
me know what is it Zoe this is we have
to go to Brazil in a couple days what
are you doing up there you freaking out
so we all had to fly with different gear
where am I going with this
what do you want it okay so I have them
my base and I got everyone's guitars
okay you protect them
can't you protect them okay protecting
it don't get it it's really gross that
poo pile
who file would you get my mom is like
incapable of working us officer
McGarrett pepper Oh like so happy and I
actually feel kind of sick I say like a
huge thing of frozen yogurt but for some
reason I got into the this mode I was
like you know what would be really
awesome fricken oh it broke corn dog oh
what the fail sad
come on give me hyper I'm so tired
wake me up that doesn't wake me up makes
me have to take a shower I feel like I'm
going on 48 hours of no sleep cuz the
night before the show I didn't sleep I
got up at like 4:30 flew out there
played the show went to bed at 2:00 got
up at 4:00 and back here I feel like a
zombie I feel like a zombie again
have you ever noticed that when you get
on a plane and you fly anywhere you can
fly to like I don't know like a
30-minute flight just thirty minutes
once you got the flight you feel
exhausted like more tired than you've
ever felt you I don't know what it is it
has something about being in the plane
where you feel all achy and and you feel
like you just time-traveled to the like
the sixteenth century you're like oh my
god okay well dinosaurs are around now
so we got to be careful and I think the
Renaissance is coming around anytime
right I have some good news for you guys
recently we ordered way too many of our
I Katie square shirts this fair I would
have a model for you but Brian oh that's
good that's great modeling right here
it's the one we released a few months
ago but I'm an idiot
I ordered way too many of them and it's
overtaking that I know I it's overtaking
the warehouse we are making this shirt
available for $12 because I'm an idiot
we're gonna call this the Charles is an
idiot so we're gonna benefit sale go to
CTFxC merch calm you'll go there you'll
see it has a big banner says
sale I think it's medium to extra-large
those are on sale the other shirts the
silhouette shirts and tank tops the
beauty in the ink shirts the nerd shirts
those are all being restocked so those
would be next week but yeah if you guys
want to grab those for 12 bucks that's I
don't even know what the percentage is
off come on you guys are probably better
tell me in the comments what percentage
is that off the the Charles is the idiot
and we're gonna benefit sale goes on
sale right now I kinda want to blame
Allie for that mistake but she refuses
to acknowledge yeah nope it's my food no
sorry it's mine
my mistake yeah you check it out my sexy
phones Maps is so weird
yeah because awesome wait where are my
special treats where'd you do with them
my special treats where are they don't
eat em today it's almost Halloween would
you like a candy apple Zoey and Marley
hey I gotta write as a kid I used to
love these things so much you cannot
have this what makes you think you can
have this what I have an idea see this
works I have a theory that Marley only
wants what's in your hand
see she's doing the same thing she owns
a glob of butter oh you like the Apple
now apple a day keeps Bill Gates away
kind of like this Apple it's pretty nice
up and forgets ready jump Riggins right
freakin rickets I'm a nap look how nice
you're being so the can I just have some
please you guys want to know one of the
things I hate the most
waiting for sheets to dry freaking quick
shall we get out you want to go in there
I think you oh she fits in there let's
see if we can do it
no I can't for this why not
I'm totally not going in the dryer okay
jump good jump
cookie barley well always okay jump it
tell me they're good cookies
I really not supposed to go in there I
don't think that's wise so it looks like
this camera might be dying I don't want
I think I'm judging a little bit too
soon the record button is not working so
on that note I'm gonna leave you guys
with little diagram that another CTFxC
are made and I replied us on Twitter so
I will see you guys tomorrow
good night and yeah here's a diagram I
guess
worse yet sexy
with trippy
with Gary
