good morning really super early morning
Ali has their snazzy little outfit again
look at that
always looking snazzy riding style
hell yeah on my way to Stanford San
Francisco we're gonna play in college
which is cool cuz I've never been to
that campus kind of interested to see
what it's like you think I'd be used to
this a lot I'm still not used to it I'm
making a new rule the day Bay before I
ever have to fly out anywhere I am not
allowed to drink any coffee any guy if I
tweet about wanting coffee the day
before a show say no all you should have
replied no because I couldn't sleep I
fell asleep at like 4:30 and I had to
get up at 6:00 there's no coffee of the
day before help me out we haven't seen
him in a while there is syrup Ted you're
an emoji now on the iPhone good old Ted
always swimming around sup buddy
now it is time
it's okay Zoey cuz I totally know it
wasn't you last night well I guess
technically this morning yeah I found
when I came home from dropping Charles
off at the airport a giant mess of
garbage all over my kitchen floor that
my dog apparently thought was hers to
rummage through and this morning just
even more of a confirmation that it was
definitely Marley and Nas Ellie is the
fact that she has a spot of sauce in
between her eyes on her face there's no
escaping it now dog it's totally you
should go Carol ate some good food you
asked
I'm officially annoyed I went to Walmart
the bane of my existence but I had to go
to grab a couple of things I decided to
help my mom out today my brother is
using my mom's car because his car is
having trouble
blah-blah-blah-blah-blah long story
short we have to go to walmart and it's
raining right now like it's the skies
about to open up and summer was so
specific about not getting my hair wet
so like now I can't do anything I can't
go outside cuz I get my hair wet it
ruins the whole thing damn it
this is ridiculous now I'm fed up
feeling like a dirty hippie I feel like
I'm like a confined weirdo like I can't
do normal people things because I'm
protecting my hair it seems so stupid
now I actually have a real valid reason
not to though the ugly Moulton remember
yesterday I cut my right finger still
like I don't know if you guys can see it
I just realized I was practicing just
you know like airfare strumming I guess
and I realized I hope I pick with that
finger every time I do this it's like
really hurts should make for an
interesting show
so yeah Danny's not having a very good
day he was supposed to be in first class
and again phone so I had any stories
give him the wings so they still give
him - yeah there you go
goodbye the plane this lady comes up to
me she's like sir
you're right
you're bleeding all over
where your ways where I wanted to eat
that is so for everyone out in the
internet world that said they still
still give them out you were correct I
just simply ask the lady to give it to
Danny since he was having a bad day from
Hunter I like it yeah we just landed
here in San Francisco and then we just
got a bunch of texts from trav and Bryan
apparently their United flight has been
posted like delayed then they had
canceled and then they couldn't get on
the standby place so I forgot how much I
liked San Francisco such nice weather
yay scratch around and Grandpa's freshly
cut grass peeing grandpa's freshly cut
grass probably pooping grandpa's freshly
cut grass they seriously love this yard
we were considering like doing our grass
like this because the talks love it
that's how much we appease the dogs
that's how much we like do whatever the
dogs want and say for us to do because
there's such breaths
they're like spoiled beyond belief but
it's okay cuz they're like 99.9% of our
entertainment on a day-to-day basis so
and your guys - I hope I hope you guys
think they're funny
I think these dogs I don't know what it
is about them they're like they have
some of the weirdest personalities they
have personalities period like I've
known planning a dog - a great dogs but
like they were just dogs ish didn't seem
that much like they had a lot going on
but these dogs are like people home
they're ridiculous
go you are not supposed to be eating
that dennis is gonna be pissed she just
like dug through a whole thing of mulch
my dad just neatly lay it out and picked
up one piece that she liked out of all
of it okay she dropped it is this what
gave you all this allergies in the first
place get yo ass out of grass we don't
have that grant it's like she looks so
much thinner cuz daddy's been running
her she looks so much better Charles has
been taking him out on runs like every
single day I my man you want to know
something oh she this is the first time
I've ever actually been to in and out
burger this is the first time really
that's it
it's the first the first Cosby yeah I
know I feel like my hypocrite here so at
the recommendation of everyone I went
with the order to double double double
double animal style you know like this
is kind of an exciting 28 years old I'm
experiencing something for the first
time right now all right I think I'm
gonna regret this almost immediately
yep I am heartburn okay yeah this is
cool so we just got at the Stanford
pretty excited I'm not sure if you guys
know the get up kids are the CD the
album see the cover is the call I think
guilt show if you just step back it
looks just like this make it stop Mikey
back it was you fix the mic what are you
doing come on calls me welcome to the
game so with our traditional around the
world but it's kind of funny we're doing
around the world basketball game around
the world
ah but see the problem with it is that
we have three people that have like are
very stubborn with the game and we keep
doing chances so we keep starting over
and over again this game should be over
we have no strategy
Scholz was gonna go now
oh hey guys hey guys can you maybe just
open the door because it's like right
there and I could totally just get out
it's pretty easy actually there's no way
no way I'm letting that cat I don't
trust her
there's shirt no way no way think you
got a going bossanova no way love it
go buy some t-shirts yo I know what I'm
talking like that I just just you should
probably just ignore like 90% of what I
say especially the part where I make up
percentages about stuff because I've
done that twice now in like two minutes
the man do Glee ma'am so apparently
that's a freshman tradition this go
belly flop in the fountain sir could you
please we're gonna go see if we can find
one of the school stores maybe you can
rock a Stanford shirt today don't change
your channel folks brought to you by the
public library now the birds of Stanford
the cedar waxwing these birds are named
are you changing the channel we're gonna
play a game called what is this what
would you guys say this is or represents
tell me in the comments cuz I have no
idea I got an email yesterday a couple I
guess it was a couple months ago like in
August I was talking to you guys about
that website Opinion Outpost where you
can like do all these surveys you get
paid you get to do like trials of cool
products and stuff like that and I was
telling you guys about my awesome
experiences when I was a telemarketer
well I got an email from them and they
were just saying how much they loved the
CTFxC and how you guys are just like
killing it on the site and I've actually
been getting a lot of like at replies
from you guys saying how it's been
working for you guys and I think
knowledge the fact that I just did that
so smooth right but a lot of you guys
have been on at replying me saying you
guys have had a lot of fun on the site
you know I've been doing surveys getting
some extra cash and uh checking out the
new products I just want to let you guys
know it's legit you know check out some
products before they're out and stuff
like that signup is free links down
there top of the description they just
were they were saying how awesome the
CTFxC was and you know i thought i'd i
let you guys know if you guys didn't
know again I gotta go do that again I
can't that was a perfect rails what huh
done I need to go sit down before I
break my ass half-court any part
first person who makes it your five
bucks
did I go in I was looking through the
I don't think we're ever gonna make this
your accept paypal tired
did anybody want to every message
when you're always sad mr. Peter face
calling out to anyone the Stanford show
okay Danny do you want to do the
impression of me we have a giant drum
riser probably twice this okay so it's
Skyland it was really tall I barely made
it up sound check
so this is going to be Danny as me
trying to jump up during the bridge of
Skyway okay but but then then I
recovered I recovered
first time in a year I fell completely
on my ass so if anyone's at Stanford
that was at the show you have the video
please that reply be a lot of times on
Twitter I would loved I would put it in
the vlog I am NOT embarrassed but it was
really funny I have an idea for what my
mama I can do on this rainy night know
so we're watching my friend Ben Hughes
obviously Ben coos play slender and he
has no idea what's going on in the game
my mom has never seen it she's seen our
video but she's never played through the
game so she doesn't know she doesn't
freak out what happens in the game so
I'm gonna make her play big-time bummer
I couldn't download it because my mom's
computer as if he is not on the run
thank you I don't have to hook at this
time waiting not so forever
not so well we are at the hotel we have
three hours four hours of sleep and then
we got to walk yeah we got to talk about
remember I wasn't eating I was eating
well I was eating better yeah
eat what in and out animal style now
some tea but but it's fresco so it's got
no cheese so it's better I guess I don't
know I forgot to tell you guys yeah
we're going back to Brazil when is that
26 yes we're going to suppose I'm just
following the burrito just go where it
goes you know
what
wait
yes
with trippy and alley
with Dirty Harry don't forget to
