wake up wake up wake up wake up I got
the new life on your iPhone's here wake
up wake up wake up it's a holiday
weekend wake up wake up wake up wake up
wake up wake up wake up wake up wait
don't whine I got coffee to wake up wake
up wake up wake up wake up wake up wake
up I hear your alarm no excuses I heard
your alarm get up there it is the iPhone
I saw this meme the other day and has
like this dog with a tennis ball on its
mouth and then the owner has the tennis
ball and the caption says what the
current iPhone user thinks of the iPhone
5 it was just like all like one of those
Marley's OE lining you guys currently
have the iPhone 4s this is an iPhone 5
what do you do well and if Zoe's the one
waiting patiently in line I gotta see
her come on the barley is it crazy
it's our favorite day of the whole month
in the month of the year and every 12
months we get this awesome pill and it's
good for our heart Marley is having a
spaz attack right now he's always gotta
flaps up sounds going on
they have no idea it's life-saving this
I'm are you happy it's happy state your
life Thank You coffee got your new
computer yeah you knew wherever it is
thrown this time I'm gonna get a little
bit crazier I'm gonna bust out all of my
phones and do a comparing contrast of
all of them there's all of them right
there
there's four generations oh that's kind
of cool
there we go I'm actually on my way to
the hair salon I don't know I think I
told the story me and
say in the other vlog but I went a week
ago and I went on my wrong appointment
in my accident so I was actually today
I've like really frizzy hair so I'm
doing this thing called like a keratin
treatment I'm not exactly sure what it
is my hairstylist has like you know
recommended it to me that if I wanted to
like save up a little bit of money and
do it it's supposed to like smooth your
hair or whatever it's hopefully I will
be able to deal with the Florida
humidity because it just turns my hair
into like a giant afro export faster mr.
computer now that this thing is
exporting I can enjoy the day I you know
it's like one of those things where I
was like you know what maybe I'll just
do it the next day so that would have
been uploaded Sunday but I was like no
no dammit I must do it now plus I drank
so much freakin coffee I'm just like all
of us calm down
Lesley got one too you're breaking
things so I'm helping your transfer
everything now yeah you are what the
internet calls a yes yes I guess you're
kind of less of a new because you knew
what you were I know your terminology
and I mean you're gonna know Android is
not better and it's like a protein right
proteins keratin protein yeah and she's
gonna like it's basically like I guess
like a coating
that's going to go in my hair and so I
have to like be a dirty hippie it not
wash it you know what I look like
I look like Hermione from Harry Potter
this is my hair looks like guys like
don't put any products don't know
conditioner my natural hair
yeah I have to this is funny if you only
did it one time
what was the death it was lost iPhone
she was always complaining that she
couldn't hear people on the headset she
took it to the Apple store and he simply
he just simply went like this and just
peeled the plastic off the earpiece and
then she's sitting there she's like I
can't hear I can't hear anything
and she goes oh okay it's okay it
happens it happens
alright well is that their hair thing
it's time to go do something so wait
well actually you know what there's one
thing I have to do Siri shut down okay
okay now we're gonna turn this off
I am super impressed right now we've
been walking so much the past I guess
month they don't even need the generator
anymore so they got you tired so I had
to go get the golf cart really nice oh
my god that's a little different than I
was before I think Lexi's long
holding down the fort
we're the only ones in here after I got
I'll just put on my hair summer told me
that I can't get it wet for three days
for 72 hours so I'm gonna be like dirty
hippy grimy head for like the next 72
hours
Charles gonna have to deal with my
stinky head he already like have seen it
but I'm like oh he liked it for the
camera oh no I'm not gonna do anything
weird to you look at that was the worst
awkward like the surprise thing this
time for real close your eyes I don't
trust I'm not gonna paint your nails
oh really you don't know but around your
whole body
sorry Zoe I like to look at my past
this is totally better man it's oh
you're such a stoner Miley Battier's you
know your dog is just looking for a way
out she sees Lizzy's and squirrels
she's like Bob's girlfriend oh please
let me just like I know do the way I can
get out of here hold on guys dream dear
life
did you see the look on her face change
the bunny you twerps chasing after
rabbits huh so I just got done getting
all sexy you gotta get all sexy look at
that sweat
yeah it's rips down me you like that all
right time for dick looking at all that
meat I think one of the main reasons why
I don't eat seafood is that it looks so
like creepy I think that's why it kind
of creeps me out
how do I even cut myself play there's
not a vampire around that leave a mark I
walked in here she just followed me and
kept sniffing my finger can you tell him
hurt tell they just find me everything
okay do I need to look at my nurse is
helping me I lay my hot nurse it's like
all sliced up it's like more than one
cut what did you do like run your finger
through the Longhorn so we gotta start
packing tomorrow I have an early flight
for San Francisco we're playing a show
at Stanford our Stanford Stanford I'm
sorry University out there and then I'll
come back Sunday but oh oh I got some
crazy news I forgot to tell you guys
ally and I are coming to Europe we're
coming to Italy I think we're going to
Spain I think we're going to France and
I think we're going to the UK like in a
couple weeks I don't have all the
information right now I'm still getting
it but I will let you guys know but I
just wanted to give you that little
tidbit right there so we are coming with
a bunch of youtubers to like a bunch of
them so that is going to be awesome
because I think some of the dates are
the what I had you know surgery and I
couldn't go out there for the first leg
of the tour we had out there were simple
twins so I actually get to go out there
well like I said I'll get all the
information a little bit later and you
know you
now you have your cupcake eight apron on
are you cleaning up her mess don't wake
your tail at me stop wagging it Marley
stop it stop it I'm just kidding I'm
just kidding
here's the kind of a little Back to the
Future thing or back to the past blast
from the past
hey I'm trying to vlog Brenda today
actually when you're watching this Polly
not today but today the 21st right here
where it says or says the David
somewhere on this video a year ago today
was the day I a Lee and I announced that
I was joining with the Kings isn't that
insane a years past that quick it was
before I was married or we were married
I'm sorry I got married you and
yesterday was our 10 month anniversary
the entire year has passed make it fun
of me stop it stuff speaking of which I
actually have to go to bed now because I
have an earlier flight like I was saying
but secret phrase for today it's not
really afraid so I just want to ask you
as a question do you think the iPhone 5
is worth it yay or nay Ali says nay
Ali's nay I'm obviously a I'm biased
tell me in the comments yea or nay
no I'm Tim yeah you could be team nay
I'm sure the robots gonna tell you and
her sarcastic voice to go check it out I
love doing reviews and it's kind of its
kind of like it's something different
you know what I mean oh yeah yep that
was very elegant ok never mind I was
gonna try to just never make good I
guess did Charles say crap about me what
an asshat for that I used a nice derp
face of him for the background suck at
Charles anyway he did do a good job
showing off the new iPhone 5 so you
should go watch it since he has the
attention span of a sack of turtles he
made it so at Gerben would enjoy it as
well as a normal person
go watch Kate thanks love you bye
worse yet sexy
with child tripping
with tripping
