good morning guys we are now leaving our
temporary home we have about I think
we're gonna have to play maybe a easy
day today because yesterday and the day
before Ali's house here's our guys
yesterday and the day before Ali did 80
hours and in another 17 18 hours - so we
can get closer and we still have 15
hours to go 15 hours turns into 20 hours
we have to stop because we go the dogs
out you know go bathroom break even
though we have that room food and all
that fun stuff just tired of driving and
apparently doing it tough stuff thank
God it's not in a car and that we have
this awesome thing and we did this road
trip in the in the car that we were
planning on doing originally that would
have been bad honestly I have no idea
how that is going to happen because
we've barely made it to North Carolina
we are so officious we wanted to do all
these things but I've been looking up
everything and it just so everything is
like two hours off the road so burn
there 12 hours away getting it home
around 5:00 a.m. when 408 sorry I can't
read 4:00 a.m. what we're going to do is
I'm going to pop over the driver's seat
and take over so a leak and get some
sleep and rest a little bit and then
that way then we can just freakin pull
an all-nighter and just get home I love
this trip I love it so much and I hope
we can do it again okay
I hope lazy days will let us do it again
and maybe look at a gear thing or like a
but we'll do like quite a year and sort
your poison like all the way around
completely even like down to the keys
like to Georgia
go to the Bell and my birthday is coming
up after all I kind of just want to get
home I don't want to sleep in another
truck stop last night was actually going
to funny the truck stop that we just so
happened the pic was right next to a
train station so the entire night we've
kept here trains going off dogs have
never heard a train so Zoe okay you guys
have seen Zoe with thunder and lightning
seeing Zoe hear a train for the first
time the look of fear was it her eyes
and we did so bad
I love you I see what it is it basically
laughed these ancient things are still
around exercise break so that way we can
just blast home it's time it's time to
go home it's been 21 days is that what
the beginning of the video said 21 days
I don't know anymore when the end this
left country already is no traffic no
traffic out among sunshine literally
when we got out to the road something
that I did push-ups in the middle of the
road and we don't recommend that though
no but there was and I flew the drone
because there was nobody on the road
push-ups laid down there's I get run
over in the second pyramid or in
Nashville and it is rush hour traffic
diesel is not amused I don't miss
traffic whatsoever you know what it's
kind of funny cuz you know
you think like hey a missile too much
good ending to this definitely how do
you know I'm enough anymore
highway
like we want light we want the neon
lights the gas stations we want the
stomach Donald signs now we don't want
it you don't want things that I really
like about timing two different places
is seeing in Main Street like straight
roadways cavity center Center clitoris
and a lot of them are really funny like
that one was called Hickory Hollow Road
honor on our campus
but I canceled
okay I'm not just wearing in or be on
the roster royally somewhere
I can't remember exactly where was for
pulling adopted Road what a gas station
and if we're something like a a VP or
something Lippert okay we pull over a
nice Jesus gasping system I go
that they come and go and it's like hey
um and I think it's again go
we have very immature Georgia Moldova
would walk of those gives everything
coming over a weird gas station make
sure adults become flexible have a new
appreciation - for gas efficient because
we stayed add a bunch of these like
truck stop kind of gas station and what
is the person that we say that was not a
blind date with a love and active
particular love gets spoiled after there
is no tripping too soon find another one
that would like it when it hacked for
you folks like for your RV kind of crazy
and I don't even know if any except
anywhere else we haven't seen it or
found it at any other gas station but it
was amazing because they want big rocks
dating to do too and a lot of stuff our
materials 3 allowed us to sleep
comfortably in our RV and for it was
free freeze awesome that's all I can say
we're not having to go and spend money
in RV perks whereas we can go to a gas
station or a truck stop feel safe and
still
place before engaging the signal every
parent will call masses norm segments
favorite time we are we actually if it's
in all beautiful it's awful Roxy I
really don't go to Rock City I know you
said about suits outside zone we're
gonna rocked it out okay I'm all right
here
I just finished calling they just drive
five hours and we still have nine hours
ago it's going to be so nice though just
to be home
the good news is though it's been
raining this entire drive for the past
five hours so if I wanted to do anything
that would not have happened so I'm glad
we made a decision just to say screw it
and go home and I'm just going to sleep
with Nick hell no she won't let me
finish driving she wants to drive so I'm
just like twist my arms
Zoey refuses to get out from the front
so Riley is playing GT right now little
monsters yeah it's kind of like little
monsters - oh my god it actually works
okay lay down
ship it down roll over roll in bed by
the way we're in Georgia we're so close
Dale driving right now we are at a truck
stop but we're only doing that so Ally
can sleep for about thirty minutes or
something like that because we're not
going to stay here tonight we're just
like I feel really like only four hours
away from home sleep here right now with
this drug offense push it through it
been a long night we're going to get
home to be amazing really glorious
ghosts with little bit shower this is
like coming up a tour it's like it was
fun it was amazing I love to do it again
but right now is going to hold hopefully
next couple clips I will be
in bed
gahafer traffic so that last lift was
totally night not so much anymore
no a couple hours out what we home like
he's gonna go traffic screws up not
ended today's video until we get home I
don't care it's taking lead a time now
back in the Bantam jacket and I'll do it
I can give up today we're going to get
home now I think so much long as what it
says only thing
and then I know that these monitors
traffic with it
here's car act and there's something
else increase at that time like triple
we would have been held probably like
oil to a large open traffic
like I drove up to our try to like ease
the burden didn't matter with this whole
situation you guys ready to go home play
with the toy ready
dat goes back there to keep this is
Jesus Jesus leans I do it I did
he's pouting over their knee you okay
back there bud I've never been so happy
to see that little building so it's
gonna be the ultimate test and we're
just to see if they can smell being home
anyone figure this out yet okay what a
couple all you no more Marley the only
one that's actually knowing right now
okay now DS do it oh man I'll be waiting
to do that for a while
go let them in Marley Zoey diesel hey
buddy
I just want to pee in their yard that
one's happy
come on slowpoke we're waiting on you
there we go we made it so now we can
officially say good night actually good
morning good afternoon good evening
whatever want to call it
we can just say into the video just
don't put any moment don't forget to
subscribe and we will see you guys
tomorrow Zoey now we got to unpack
everything and get that thing back to
Lazydays we got a little job for
tomorrow we're actually printing world's
video for today whatever it doesn't
matter all right you guys
you
