Alley's facetiming me she's on the other
side of be a little lazy to come across
the other side of the house you're too
busy Zoe here Zoe come here I got to put
a message around you she already left
she's gonna come in in a second oh wait
she's right there she's coming with a
ball you frozen you're in the house how
does that happen
wait now you're missing Zoe come here Oh
Zoe that's a nice bow here what's in
there a note I'm gonna send you a note
wait do you want to be the carrier
pigeon okay you can be it next time
okay go to go find Allie all right call
her
all right she's off this is awesome what
does he use my dogs go back and forth
this is great yet another note your note
say Lucy what you know says me to Panera
you're a good carrier dog you want yours
a cookie thank you give me a frickin
break it wasn't that long of a run well
so I went to go run and I immediately
called Allie and I saw this guy broken
foot and everything just walking in
front of our house so we're trying to
figure out if it was collar or a
microchip like a head surgery
poor little poor little cast
who do you belong to sir well that was
final you got a toy the dog just kind of
wandered in and then it just started
running and so I got on the golf cart
and I just chased it and it went all the
way it just what for a long time we've
had a cast and everything too but I went
home walked around the back sorry I just
was jogging walking on the back and I
guess it's like broke through the gate
so I had to fix it and then this cop
came it was all manners that wasn't our
deal
we saved the puppy with a broken cast
and a diaper
and having that dog just like show like
at our house just randomly walking down
the street got me thinking like eyes
only hopefully it never ever ever ever
happens I got lost I I would just hope
some like somebody would be able to find
find us and you know rings return in
civilian life they're like microchips so
they're half cyborgs you if you guys
didn't know that our dogs are half
cyborgs I don't know it's just like a
really scary thought scary feeling I
remember when I was younger my dog
didn't really run away but got lost for
like a couple hours shit just went down
to my neighbor's house and I remember
that being like most terrifying like
couple hours of my my life as a kid so
I'm definitely happy were able to find
little puppies home but yeah that's just
a scary thought I'm just gonna put like
GPS units in Zoey boy I'm gonna LoJack
my dogs I say that joking around but I
guarantee there probably is a LoJack for
dogs isn't there
look Internet I got you a rose you want
it no I'd rather you just poop that die
on the ground okay
dip the Rose stop and sniff the roses
jerk here just forget about the fact
that you cut it here's a rose no nobody
wants the rose well since tomorrow the
new iPhone gets delivered to me from
it's kind of crazy it comes all the way
from China in like two days so I got a
giving new
like case our bike holder for the car
and I was just looking at this this
packaging so this box is so old that's
like the iPhone 3G it's trying to take
Sally I let her know I was on my way at
home using Siri and this is what it say
Oh fail alright so see if I can get this
stupid thing my car oh come on like the
most frustrating packaging in the world
you can't that's easy
that wasn't that challenging you know
lame super nerd and tracking on my
iPhone is alright so it was in China and
Hong Kong then Korea and then Arkans a
Korean Arkansas Kentucky now it's in
Florida that's where I was yesterday
it's so friggin annoying of course I
couldn't be in Orlando today
she's just like cups of liquid feels
like get out of him
appreciate it up okay she sniffed and
licked you guys too yeah okay she hears
the bell that's one good you know what I
got a hankering for I'm gonna make
breakfast for dinner I haven't done this
since I was in college
turkey bacon you got some egg whites oh
yeah a bunch of dog house fries aren't
for me I promise
and I got Ali a little surprised if she
escaped breakfast for dinner breakfast a
dinner of Champions breakfast appreciate
what I'm gonna let you in on one of my
top all-time secrets I don't know you
even know if I told you guys this in the
vlogs when I make french toast I use a
specific type of bread remember once I
tell you this I've gotta have to kill
you
remember once I tell you this I'm I'm
gonna have to I'm gonna have to destroy
you
it's just like a heavy marble what is it
like I'm just a spear and it makes this
weird noise as it rolls across the tile
she's trying to reach orange cool Jesus
go get it you lost it
you're blocking my work camera camera
Kitty can't is it right there just kid
reach it like so this is what you're
supposed to do then you run away I used
to make this all the time when I was in
school
it's the ultimate sandwich this is you
guys are gonna witness the ultimate
sandwich you ready for this so we got
egg whites we got round Hawaiian bread
we got turkey bacon we got you get some
mimosas got some mimosas here so it's in
your back feet what are you doing with
it
ding-a-ling you know do something
rhythmic with your arms no like in and
out and in and out thank a mix you
kidding me I don't have pancake mix are
you well I ain't got no pancake mix
can't believe I actually real-world said
that
okay so I'll have to call Alice she's at
the grocery store okay well she goes and
gets that just okay everyone close your
eyes and just envision this beauty of a
sandwich okay
you close your eyes to close them close
them Hawaiian bread we're gonna make
that into french toast egg whites with a
little bit of cheese in there turkey
bacon pancakes we're gonna top it off
with french toast
aka Hawaiian bread Oh
got pancakemix you know you ain't got no
pancake man it'll get me pinko okay
pan coke mix okay I'll be interesting
but wait what I have it okay so I don't
you guys are some jackass and I can
stand up but it's really funny he talks
about quitting cold turkey
he's like I'm addicted to cold turkey so
I tell my friends I'm quitting cold
turkey are you quit
I'm quitting cold turkey who's getting
jealous I know I've made a little buddy
down here little cooking buddy Waldo I
think Ally said the most blasphemous
thing that she could possibly say on the
Internet
she doesn't like bacon ally Waldo
jacking up my bacon it's coming no
Marley know if Marlee if you put your
head completely level I will give you
this whole thing no you couldn't do it
baby what for Ally and then french toast
the ultimate breakfast sample you're
welcome that's a STONER sandwich yeah
this is like people are the Internet are
like it's so amazing watch this that
explosion was so big I had to change my
shirt so there you go for the college
viewing audience and for all those in
California with glaucoma you're doubly
welcome the CTFxC ultimate sandwich we
need the name I want to name this it
can't be something like CTFxC ultimate
sandwich there's got to be something
like the destroyer massive fists of
breakfast or some bad I don't know in
the comments tell me and we will name
this I don't know the comments we won
that gets most thumbs ups it was just
come up with an awesome name I've had
this thing I designed this thing when I
was in college so it was like what five
six years ago or whatever what I'm
passing it off to you I'm passing it off
to you guys so much drama with a
sandwich I know jeez Charles tone it
down Marley's already over there ready
for bed so he's running around like
crazy person cuz I'm crying and oh my
god what is happening right now this
would be done out oh I was about to
vomit oh I've been crying for the past
fifteen minutes because I just finished
reading The Hunger Games books I though
I thought it was amazing like it had
such a like deep insight into being
human I know I know it's stupid that I'm
crying over a book although now it
freaks me out because it makes me think
of President Snow can i babe do I pick a
night to that
Oh noon I'm setting my alarm for early
early morning no okay go talk about your
Hunger Games are you hungry I made a
delicious sandwich you shouldn't be
hungry
well see you tomorrow good night hi
again well Charles being the turkey he
is woke up extra early and made a
special bonus video for you guys today
he made a and I quote totally awesome
badass review and unboxing of the latest
iPhone the iPhone 5 end quote
that seemed to be too much I would have
just said I'm Charles and I'm dumb bla
bla bla but he wouldn't let me
punk ass anyway enjoy the bonus video
click here see you tomorrow
where's baby at 16
giddy with child trippy
with trivia nari
anymore
you
