hey guys Charles here so I'm going to
keep this right to the point the iPhone
5 just came out just got it so I'm going
to do one of these unboxings and reviews
as you can see I have all the previous
generations of the iPhone so I can show
you guys the difference but I'm going to
keep this for the OCD generation so I'm
going to do this really fast
Wow the irony oh wow oh yeah okay iPhone
5 oh nice
okay that's a notice really bigger as
you can see wow that is so light that is
so much lighter okay here's - 4s there's
wow that is noticeably what a lot
lighter comes up to right about there so
you can see this is pretty much new
right there this right here this this
little section right here is what they
pretty much added so if you're curious
and you have your 4s at home what you
can do is just take your your pinky it's
pretty much like that that's how much
taller it is so that's the evolution of
the iPhone iPhone one on the left
iPhone 5 on the right iPhone 20 is gonna
be like up to here or something open up
Oh different okay so the eye buds are
different the ear buds and they're
prepackaged they're packaged in a
package see the thing is I can't really
tell if I'm gonna really like the new
year buds or not cuz it looks so awkward
kind of a cool okay so okay good on you
Apple good on you give us a five-cent
case that's cool that's cool make us
spend hundreds of dollars you know we're
gonna give them a plastic case for their
ear buds you know that that'll be loose
you know they'll really appreciate it
and look at I totally bought into the
gimmick they do fit better than the
other ones right put them in there not
too bad
they're not the best but I mean they're
better than the other ones Oh what am i
listening to my band if you know if you
never heard of him you should go you
should go to iTunes to check us out what
so it's pretty standard plug we got this
you know same plugs always what was it
called lightning this is the lightning
bolt wow that's way smaller it is so
much smaller holy crap this
30-pin the 30-pin this is lightning bolt
lightning bolt that's how much smaller
it is that's like one two three four
times smaller than the thirty thing
connecting ducktor see apparently the
beauty about this new connectors that it
can go in the hole either way that's
what she said so it didn't go that way
or it can go in this way
you know you would always be scenario
like and then at night you'd be like a
wrong one okay it's it's stupid I know
the complain about something like that
but that was kind of a nuisance so I
guess I welcome the change that's it as
far as stickers in here or something
like you know like I don't even know if
they do stickers anymore they don't see
that stuff that's bull all there there
that's that's all the packaging cool
let's turn this guy on this this is the
new cable this is what sucks to me I
don't think this cable is any faster
than this cable like you would think it
was something called lightning like you
know like the Thunderbolt cables and
stuff are faster this would be faster
but what I'm hearing is that it's the
same speed let's take her off
I felt so dirty Oh see this is cool this
reminds me of the old iPhone right here
the little metal backing and stuff like
that this is the iPhone one this is Zach
from five even that's even crazy how
much different that feels so that's the
difference in thickness right there it's
not a tremendous amount but I mean it
adds up and there's a close-up on the
difference in height right there so you
know for all you hipsters out there you
know with your skinny jeans and stuff I
bet this will fit in a lot easier a lot
easier might stick out a little bit more
but oh I guess I can't really see is it
turning out okay it's right now boom so
the main things about this film that
people are really clamoring about the 4G
the true 4G so it's turn off and go on a
4G all right
eighteen team good service yeah what
happened here I'm in limbo okay I'm with
calmly I'm gonna put that down step out
for a second and breathe
oh I'm not biased Oh done this thing
alright this is the important part
LTE versus 3G speed test
okay well it's not even starting in 3G
Wow
that's okay that's the lot faster all
right well 4G wins
we're gonna go to CTFxC merge comm
probably placement or you can get
awesome shirts at CTFxC merge comm ready
one two three
3G burst 4G okay alright let's go to
YouTube ready one two three go to
youtube and I loaded the Dex up yeah
way faster so one of the other cool
things is now that when you take video
so we're doing video right here you can
actually take photos as you're doing the
video and it takes photos as you're
doing the video it only does like screen
grabs it's not really actually taking
the high quality photos typical Apple
like giving you something that's two
years old is like oh hey but we have we
could send a photo as a text message do
you guys want that Apple didn't my phone
from 99 have that no no no like like
photo this is the front-facing camera
where's the camera is it this thing this
is the camera okay so it's in the center
now uh quality's a lot nicer this is
front-facing so now we're at 720 which
is nice cool it used to be like this
wait like that so we got got that to
work with my big head now fits in it
alright this is the back facing camera
it's outside lighting pretty nice sorry
this is better lighting right here
alright this is really low lighting shut
the door
see what happens when we shut the door
obviously nothing in the blackness
that's not too bad right it's not too
bad so people wanting to vlog and stuff
like this probably possible now let's
try some photos
so that was the video and the back
camera and then the front-facing camera
I'm pretty impressed the low-light
capabilities of this this phone is so
much better than the other one
so I feel like that's a pretty adequate
you know display of the iPhone they got
rid of the built-in YouTube app which is
 off finally because I mean honestly
if I was to boot this phone up right
here well I mean like if I was the boot
this phone up this phone up this phone
up this phone up this phone up this
phone and aliased phones it would still
have that old YouTube app which I mean
it's five years old it's pretty dated so
if you haven't gotten the YouTube app
you can download it from the App Store
it's free I highly recommend it it's way
better than the built-in viewing
capabilities of the iPhone so the
question do I suggest buying the iPhone
you know if you don't have one it's a
great entry if you're a complete tech
geek uh yes I would get it because it
why not
right just shut up give Apple money with
the transfer of the iPhone now I guess
there's only one thing I can do shut
down okay see you later
yeah a +4 cheesiness thanks for watching
please subscribe if you haven't before
if you want to see other dumb reviews
Charles has done click below watch
yesterday's video to sell out these
homes
