good morning bird you done - done - done
- data than to dungeon it's gonna pour
it's gone up hey you're so prissy me
stretch out go stretch before I do
anything I gotta chase the bird and I'm
gonna stretch over here okay check over
there
sup doofus one two okay go go go go
five more birds up she found some
what a jerk there hurricane coming hey
dog it's raining she's like oh my god if
I don't move maybe it won't get me
that's the funny thing about Zoey when
it rains but this isn't know how to cook
okay okay maybe if I move quicker
you know what's gonna happen right
you're wearing a red t-shirt brush
nickel frame you're gonna get asked like
a billion questions that the laxative
easy easy breathing laughter sister
Jeffrey it's just a Jeffrey you're right
there
Bell is mine oh I'm so confused I don't
know if I like werewolves or vampires
I'm confused too because even though
you're my best friend I can't help
thinking about biting a neck open eating
your face off-duty would have a
milk-bone
Allie's getting so confused with all the
suggestions for drunk gaming she has to
get a calendar so she can write them all
down so if you guys haven't been doing
it go to Ali's channel on her drunk
gaming series and tell her all the video
games like the ideas that she had that
you guys have so she can actually write
them down and schedule amount
excuse me ma'am do you know where the
toiletries are this is the rarest thing
that could ever ever ever happen in the
face of the earth Ali's drinking a
coffee and I am NOT I feel like
something's wrong I broke in every time
I ever come into like an office supply
store it's just overwhelming amount of
paper then I think instantly I think of
the office come on
let's go
come on
up I want to try it get there's another
one
I win wasn't that good we should put
this in there like guest room right now
it's like don't worry yeah you guys can
stay at our place we got we got an extra
bed couch right there oh you know it's
just the mirror so you can see yourself
when things are going on but have you
guys ever noticed that people who sell
furniture like the furniture salesman
they they're almost identical to like
car salesman's like the second you walk
in they get you they come at you slowly
things oh yeah babe looking real good
what can we we're not sure that's how
you're supposed to lay in it but
pressure your butt goes where your upper
back is but this is what our fun has
become shopping for furniture and home
stuff and we should hit up Toys R Us
just to knock ourselves back into place
what do we have next Home Depot we go no
I refuse to roam oh that's nice can you
envision yourself
are you're already making yourself at
home what do you think guys does this
scream is the scream Charles and Allie
no I don't think so oh that one
rectangular no what do you want
Alys very picky you guys already know
that though that there be night I made
fire I'm gonna go ahead and veto that
one right now pull the thing put your
feet down put your feet down
and then pull it
sit up sit up with your body not your
legs
so much
how long do you think it would take for
this to be completely filthy who can
have this awesome
yay for good people I want to fight
someone right now totally want to fight
someone well don't you look pretty
get a little bow on ya don't like it go
show Ally go show off okay
so here's something that just like
popped in my head I forgot to ask you
guys the other day you can't you know
turn the TV on or you can't watch like
anything on the internet without seeing
like all these lame
you know like campaign ads for the
elections and all that stuff
and I was like watching at one time and
I just sat back and I just looked at it
on how like it doesn't matter who it is
they're all super cheesy and they all
have like like flag waving and like
everyone in slow motion and just like
fireworks and stuffing I was like
thinking do you think there's like one
company that just supplies all this
b-roll to like any election and it's
just like oh oh I want a little kid I
want a little boy waving a flag with
fireworks going off in the background oh
we got that I can give you that how
about a small business owner shaking
hands with a new customer in the back I
think in the back way Jimmy yeah in the
back oh but I want them in slow motion
oh yeah we can do that we could totally
do that just an observation now that I
probably point this out you guys going
to notice this every single time that
they all have the same same b-roll clips
it's kind of funny oh is it that
annoying house so there's this house
right and I think it has these like high
frequency emitters or something because
every time we walk by I feel a foot
press at first I thought I was like
losing a frequency you know like when
you your ears ring that usually means
you lost a frequency but the dogs were
always freaked out I'm gonna be very
quiet and see if you guys can hear it
ready do you hear it
you guys hear it freaking them out
I think it's this guy cuz watch my move
you guys hear it I think there's another
one alright listen
ready here comes right there so annoying
please tell me you guys heard that and
I'm not just going insane oh by the way
yeah you guys like my myspace nice
myspace angling it just decided to try
something new
wait what's a myspace single better how
my Chin's gonna get myself you smell no
thank you
somebody's learning I got you guys a
flower kinda looks like Lorax stuff who
wants a who wants a su sickle want a su
sickle okay you get the red one alright
you get the green one I think my dinner
looks way better than yours oh my god
she's been doing that all day all freaky
day yeah she's been burping constantly
in it oh we tried to get the camera out
and she wouldn't be on it she would do
it too quick
obviously Ali's just as gross I fart she
burps what do you think you just did you
farted out your mouth mine looks better
okay this is this is why filming these
that these episodes is so difficult
because Ali has the attention span of a
second gerbils like seriously okay now
let's go you let it happen
are you ready you just like chew right
through yeah cuz they're so like
stop stop it something Zoe she's losing
her mind I was young you were I Spit I
spit pretzel sorry just rounded the
corner and I see this all right well
don't don't move or anything
excuse me share the popcorn
you didn't need those did you you're
falling over - oh boy the aftermath what
is that thing that you did think that
what makes them feel like you're just
you're out of control
you're outta control date today secret
phases Ally is out of control out of
control that's the secret
yeah guys make sure he didn't watch
yesterday's video I jump hang
Ali unloaded on her channel where she
played slender and she freaks out and
she cries it gets really scary it's
really funny actually what's scarier
than that so make sure to go check that
out it'll be out through this video or
the video description down there at the
bottom but yeah go check that one out
it's at it you're knowing who so no all
right I'll see you guys tomorrow
snort did you just snort on camera ah
good night guys well since dodo Holly
attacked Charles he can't program what I
need to say tonight huh um oh yeah dot
go watch Ally's newest video where she
plays slender and it freaks her out so
much she started crying like a little
bit I mean a win he it is pretty funny
so click that penis box and it'll bring
you there if you don't I will hack into
your computer and do bad stuff just
kidding or am i okay time to go this is
all the time I'm allowed goodnight yo
waiter
yes
giddy with trippy
Natalie
