oh hi Gallagher what's a watermelon oh
look oh look at that mess coming out of
her mouth
what's watermelon so Ali and I are
starting a new thing we're gonna try to
eat fresh fruit and starting eat
healthier then we already pretty healthy
but healthier got all this watermelon I
like I bought a tiny watermelon last
time and didn't even make half this
amount and this is only half of this
water do you think wearily would eat the
Ryan she's standing up like a meerkat
see the bird one two why are you both
eating grass hey quit ignoring me try to
get a little bit of grass hangin out
your mouth there dog Holly likes to do
this all the time she never lets me do
it you're taking away all my man cards
you know that right
you take them away cuz you won't let me
do this stuff oh my god totally
different from the last time we were
here huh find it we decided we come out
try to see the sunset today somebody so
many freakin clouds can't even see it
Big Sky is fake looks so cool looks like
it's raining right over there
I have a feeling well he's not going in
the water right now and they're off this
is a bummer I wanted to show you guys a
nice little Florida sunset but we'll go
see it remember the last time we were
here all those dragonflies well I think
I found one of the phone dragonflies
what is the lifespan of a dragonfly a
week feel like it's a week or a couple
days right hours you think they'd live
up for only a couple hours that's kind
of an interesting thing like if you if
you were born and you grew up in 24
hours what would you do in that 24 hours
is a good question okay for you guys if
you were if humans had only 24 hours to
live what would you do like that's just
the lifespan of humans it was just 24
hours what would you do were you in
heaven
you would have no friends yeah I guess I
don't know what I would do
and I thought you were asleep until a
second ago car was like silent about a
couple seconds Twilight it's like that
time it's the worst time to drive just
like I love this time we make a perfect
team
I need the edges of things he's them he
doesn't like to drive to dusk
I like I like I hate the edges of things
he eats them I don't like edges so
Joseph keeps the edges for me at all
did you tell them that your slender drug
gaming's live now oh my god you guys
want to see me cry I'm camp Ally go
ahead and watch that video shoot okay
Ally literally started crying while
playing slender and she stayed up till
6:00 or 7:00 in the morning they
couldn't sleep at night Charles like
kept waking up because you can hear me
like thrashing around in the bag it's
like what are you doing this is the best
what is wrong with you ally literally
cries the best suggestion of the game so
far for drug gaming thanks a lot guys
real men so making sure everything is
completely perfect okay we got to dress
this then we got your straps and then we
got just white shirts shirts
okay ass pants yep tank tops in order by
color and pattern dry-cleaning I haven't
organized yet the rest of the tank tops
shorts t-shirts bicolor
long-sleeve shirts bicolor tank tops yep
dipper just gonna walk away now if you
didn't know Allie is very organized
who got it you stole it
oh you wimp go
really watching it again it's doing a
top 300 tough clean huh no a toad
bring it oh is that one of your like hey
you should probably throw this ball for
me cuz my name is Zoe you getting ready
yeah everyone on the day sure I like
this shirt I think this is a very fancy
shirt you go Trent you always get all
dressy and then I have to dress up why
can't I just not be dressed my hot date
Oh what is that what does that mean I
don't know yeah I'm supposed to do it up
shake Spenny because when I threw my
hair I was just like Oh
I was going to I was trying okay close
it again ready okay there you go have a
lady friends hey I lost it Jenkins
but hey no but looking yet you got to
buy me dinner oh boy my type of
establishment go he's good he's a look
at this giant booth well that was fun we
were waiting there for we were sitting
ok took 10 minutes to get seated there
was nobody in there and then we were
sitting there for 10-15 minutes just
waiting for the waitress to come by the
first time so we're just like you want
to go so we're moving date night
somewhere else we are having an issue
with date night finding another location
everything seems to be closed out he's
bummed everything seems to be closed so
what there's a Japanese place what about
that place
nothing's a very good now we can see
your pretty face all right we can go to
Best Buy there we go
we can finally feed her one thing about
Ali if she doesn't eat you don't want to
be around it's one of those things run
away I'm having a panic attack there are
a lot of options
I always have a panic attack when I do
sit down a moistened slave
try this sweet potato fries and brown
sugar I there's like a tree this is like
dessert you just stepped on a frog wow
that was a good fart I hope you guys
hear that I know I'm a pig what I see
you being nerdy reading what are you
reading now you're addicted which I'm
sad about actually I really get sad when
books that I'm reading your ending it's
like the most horrifying thing and this
is why I think I've stopped reading
series because when Harry Potter ended I
was so so upset and now this is over and
I'm sad all right well it's time to go
to bed but don't worry we have the
little bonus video ally uploaded the new
drunk gaming if you've never seen them
go watch this is the episode to watch
this is what Ally's playing slender and
you even want to you don't want to even
say what happened well they're already
asleep good night guys I'll see you
tomorrow
like hey everyone don't forget to check
out the newest video of drunk gaming
that Ally just uploaded today it is
really funny ally freaked out like - no
monster please don't get me and it was
really funny so go watch for yourself
and experience all the lols just click
on the box and it'll take you there so
yeah have a nice day and hope you like
the video penis bye bye bye bye bye bye
without tripping
with Dean
