well it's supposed to be three we picked
up the fourth Lizzie we got a celebrity
today joining us today
Stamos stinks nameless terrors I'm
joining the Beach Boys gonna have to do
without me daddy remember yesterday when
I was packing how I said I only needed
one pair like clean clothes
yeah I forgot that I needed one for the
day of the show and now going home so
I'm wearing the same clothes as
yesterday all right this is turning out
to be the most disgusting airport I've
ever been and the water went out and
like all the bathrooms have just like
imagine what would be in the toilet it
it looks like mud but it just comes out
your butt it's like throughout the
entire place it smells awful see what I
mean
pick and choose you know what is for
them to like when you get on a school
bus and you're just like walking down
you're like not gonna sit next to you
not gonna next to you yeah it's the
exact same thing yeah I hope they think
I smell because I don't want anyone in
the
put these up and sleep that could be a
ploy don't shower for days gonna mint on
Southwest flight and then just nobody
wants to see Koli as nobody says oh
just slam the camera into the car roof
you know what I love I love Saturdays
because I love the feeling I love the
feeling as a kid especially knowing a
that they were gonna be cartoons on when
I woke up and be that if I wanted to I
did not have to get out of bed that was
a that was just an amazing feeling for
me I loved being able to sleep in it was
such a great thing
pre-college college student when I was a
kid I just love sleeping late I still do
home what does that even mean I get it's
a chipmunk doing like tobacco's dip or
whatever but why is he wearing a jersey
and a sideways back doesn't make any
sense
do you like it or do you hate it I can't
tell weird okay there you go all right
be baller skills be baller skills can't
miss me we mess with who mess with ya ya
ready for the two-shot this is for all
the times charles threw me in the pool
already yeah zero time all those times
I don't wanna know
no do that leave a space qualms no way
yes but it's clums I no qualms I am so
mad at you right I will protect you she
starts to do her like I'm rolling on
this and they can exhale smell bad
what so Charles perfume exactly so
Charles goes over and he puts it he
picks it up and he's like is this bark I
get a closer look
no it's a dried up slug so Marley is
rolling around it anything dead that
smells bad that she possibly can get her
little shoulders on you listen to me
what is your deal what is your
malfunction Rowland Pope you eat poke
rolling crabs you eat crabs you is
really just walk great I was sitting
like this and she came right through
there that's a very rebellious headband
there Mar phoniest
Oh fetus what's the half thank you
falling ha ha ha keep falling asleep
I've tried to pull through because if I
mostly now
I didn't sleep when I got home for the
first time in a long time because I feel
like if I you know just pull through all
sleep well and I'll make up normal and
I'll be back on schedule but it's better
wait why should i because of penis what
I feel really bad doing this that
Marlies sighs I mean I feel like such a
jerk doing this - er good Wow he's gonna
be amazing I now write it like makes
everything funnel in your ears every
looks like it's pretty effective she's
gonna work you feel like it'll keep you
from biting yourself dinosaurs you're a
dinosaur when you're a kid my mom made
me a dinosaur fossil well then guess
what we're meant to be because the runn
right below it was me I was pumping your
pumpkin yep the next the next thing
you're probably gonna see
don't judge me judge Ali Ali bought
fancies fancy balloons from Harley's
feet - hopefully eight in the itching
you guys are going to laugh and go go at
the same time I'm sure it's just
allergies on her paws the allergens get
on our paws when she walks her mouth
yeah it's gonna it's gonna be a moving
satellite with balloons at our feet
let's hit these little balloons on you I
can't believe you're doing this
I'm sorry Marley I was opposed I was
completely opposed to this the entire
time yeah go Marley you do barley dying
you doing okay
see that's good she's like I don't
really know how to walk with these guys
oh this is gonna
trying to help you you poor thing trying
to help you oh here comes a thunder
let's go what's wrong oh dude it got
bopped in the face hey how's your
hearing is it way better you don't seem
like your mind okay
I've seriously felt like such a frickin
zombie zombie all day just fighting it
I'm fighting it I don't want to go to
sleep until it's actually time to go to
bed zombies or golf car brake lights are
like really dramatic
yo zombie morning mr. Freeman oh my god
looks like you're running like oh my god
I am so excited right now I can't
believe this is actually happening I
think a lot of you guys know my all-time
all-time favorite video game all-time in
the planet Earth is half-life the whole
half-life series apparently there was a
group of programmers that redid all of
half-life 1 completely redid it because
I think half-life was like 98 I was like
an eighth grade or seventh grade when it
came out it's one of those days I guess
this looks like way late I want to say
this is exactly shot-for-shot I used to
always hit the alarms said Gordon
Freeman age 27 I am now older than
Gordon Freeman when I was younger I
thought wow 28 that's so old now I'm
like that is so young 28 is the youngest
age in the world in the comments tell me
your all-time if you had one video game
you could play over and over again I
could be a series what would it be
tell me in the comments mine would have
to be the half
I could play it over and over again and
never get tired of it oh it's the ATVs I
love a nice crazy so many members like
right now grab hold on hold on I know
how I can make this better
oh my god oh my god char don't move what
there's a headcrab
on your Hesh okay ready
haters gonna hate I'm playing half-life
on a Mac haters gonna hate
what yo PC Mac debate
alright well it's time to wind out I'm
actually doing another blast from the
past I'm watching Ali do this on CT FX
cinema a little bit ago
it's Jumanji and I'm always afraid to
watch movies that really really liked as
a kid because I'll watch them and then
I'm like oh my god seriously like I
recently watched three ninjas if you
love this and you're about my age do not
want don't watch it just don't resist it
just keep those fond memories in your
head don't rewatch it and on a complete
side note doesn't the movie Jumanji seem
like a giant product placement ad for
the game Jumanji wait what it's good to
be home I want to go sleep in my awesome
bed seiga phrase is Jumanji that is the
secret phrase because if you don't type
that in the comments Alliance can be in
your attic some monkeys will terrorize
and giant mosquitoes they can break
through glass will try to eat you I
don't what what was it like I'll see you
guys tomorrow Jumanji
it's heavy weight
with child trippy
Natalie don't forget
you
