hey guys I'm up because I'm yeah it's
iPhone day and here's something
interesting the Apple store is down but
I'm using the web store on the
application on my phone working
perfectly so I think I may have found a
nice little glitch it's funny I'm
getting flashbacks of last year do you
remember last year where like it
wouldn't work for hours and then it was
one of those things where I realized
what I was doing and I was like I'm
going to bed it's only 3:30 and I did it
it worked I can go to bed now I can get
a good night's sleep so be honest did
anyone else wake up early like this the
order of this thing anyone else I'm the
only one oh I'm gonna I'm gonna go back
to bed then I guess I'll see you guys in
a couple of like hours back up
it's about 8:40 now time to head to the
airport chick yeah do you want to see
Ali's fancy smancy morning dress Oh Mike
yep giant booties on Ali's sheer
gangster in the morning if you didn't
notice you gonna be good yeah I guess so
don't want to look at me again well he
never wants to look at me cookies
pizza burrito Marlene was sitting in the
front seat of the car but she was
watching Charles go in and can you can
you bring me one of those Charles comes
back with only a hot coffee and I know
that's not really his typical style so I
asked him why he didn't get one I'm
assuming that one's for Danny and he
said because he doesn't want to mix your
poop that's right
you guys well I don't want to be on the
plane and be hyper he's like and have to
poop that's when you play farts on the
plane
don't play farts in a car I've been
playing it the whole whole morning
oh my god how do frogs die they croak
wow that's actually a good one and
that's not the answer if it was really
good
ready yeah they'd commit suicide
in the comments is my punch line
that I just made or that punch line
better mother of God is that seriously
the security oh well we might be staying
here for a little longer then for
ourselves and find a seat I want first
class so what if the lady huh yeah and
then Jerry Ellen hi
she's a CT of x0 go say hi so I took my
glasses off she's like oh baby you got
pretty high that's pretty funny did you
get your North Carolina Starbucks mic
now wait till the way out no that's cool
that's cool
Danny's been collecting Starbucks mugs
like every place across the world right
now I've never seen this a vending
machine for flowers right next to the
snack machine so you can get soda some
snacks there's some flowers meet up with
half we got nerd rock here get cold look
at Kohl's me just sitting there look at
this check his phone
it's about to get real cocoa in
kitchener fighting hi are you doing hey
get it I check the camera if you listen
carefully you can you can hear the beats
of an ancient warrior the wild snare
drums fading callers in the distance
quick everyone pretend to be working
who's laying down who wants to do a
wager on how many guitars hit this
tonight or heads I want to say I'll hit
my bass once and I'll hit my head maybe
twice 10,000 and there's scooter being
introspective this is a really cool
setup I like this it reminds me of that
one place I can't remember where was but
it was in Spain it was like an
amphitheater like outside like this it
was obviously a lot bigger I like that
hopefully no one utilizes this space and
just hangs out by the stage but it's
kind of nice and that is where the
Slenderman stays so today's shows that
an all-girls College and I'm just
realizing right now I'm like walking
around we're like we're the only two
guys on the campus or Nadia's part is
trying to find a men's room feel like
they're the cleanest rooms in the entire
place but would you think cobwebs
everywhere hurry girls turning to rain
everybody go up hot a poop all over the
yard actually this is a perfect time
because then it'll wash into the grass
and fertilize it hurry up and do your
poops I can't imagine having to poop
outside I peed in the woods before but I
never peed like in an open field and
I've definitely never pooped outside so
let's go buy an overpriced Bullock and
now be able to bring it anywhere without
it getting ruined and sadder by
on my iPad I can't read on an iPad do
you like that song if I could I would
but it really bothers me so I don't I'm
a hundred pages in to what she's reading
it I finally got her books things you
shouldn't do give Charles and Danny
access to the rec room closet
oh my god I'm using this as a tripod and
there's been a spider the whole time so
focused
oh I know those guys check it out the
new pics game what do you guys think
you're like the new design
you guys see the new thing about Obama
like he's just totally bawling right now
look at this he's just riding
skateboards down amazing if you have
like porn and the other windows guess
what my mom just but has to support the
community oh man alright so I bought a
book as well it is that by a
neuroscientist and it's about how
consciousness like is affected by your
surroundings and the mean for humans to
like find meaning and stuff I don't know
I haven't read it yet but I'll let you
know once I do
dude Tears for Fears again pledge hammer
that's a goddamn sledge hammer hammer of
Thor the new drumstick so she said
lighters cellphone
alright I'm here with Karina and a few
friends that he wanted this to say hi so
well that was a fun show it's nice to
play a night show cuz like I said we
were playing like you know warp tour and
they shows early morning shows afternoon
shows and it was really nice to play
because the atmosphere is totally
different when you play like a night
show and it was really nice to get to do
one of those again the college was
pretty awesome that was a pretty rockin
all-girl college they killed it secret
phrase today girls rock I mean let's be
honest they do also just a little random
reminder if you guys haven't checked out
drunk gaming on Ali's channel I'll put a
link down there we have episode 1 and 2
up there and episode 3 is coming on
Tuesday and if you haven't get the new
Ally disney-esque princess with tattoos
CTFxC tattoos all over right here it's
pretty awesome t-shirt and go to CTFxC
merch and go get those stop it
stop it now Zoe there she goes that's
creepy alright well I'm coming home
tomorrow oh my god kill it kill it
alright I love you I'll see you tomorrow
tell the Internet goodnight didn't work
on this end
worse yet sexy
with y'all trippin
be an ally
