I'm done so from the Europe tour I still
have all this foreign currency from
Australia Malaysia Philippines all these
euros so I need to go to the bank
because there's I want to do this this
is what I want to do every single
country that I have visited except a
couple I'm missing I have to go get I'm
actually gonna go get right now I've
saved a note or a bill and what I'm
going to do is I'm gonna go try to find
today a nice awesome frame and I want to
put a note or bill for every country
that I've ever been to or ever will go
to into this frame I thought it'd be a
really cool idea
I think trabb's doing it too and I think
it's a really good idea so I wanna I
want to try to do that so I have to go
get a cab because Ali is working on
CTFxC nama right now and I don't want to
disturb her and go to the bank
freaking 35 minutes later okay I'm
finally here and now I have to get I
have a list of all these countries I
have to pick up now all the currencies
hopefully they have it make it start
this project let's see here we got
Canadian we got Brazilian Switzerland
Sweden
we're getting there happy birthday are
you ready to think I know you can sing
really well I like at that birthday I
get wish yeah they're like everybody go
nuts come everybody okay
oh you do
thanks guys off it's funny love it
that's so cool I just figure you know we
all figured it would be a little bit
better for you to travel in style that
is funny
thanks everybody makes dogs so now the
problem is how to get it look so easy in
the video to chase the dogs let's go hey
I said no no no gotta get defeated right
now
how many brains is it gonna take get a
Kobe joke or we go you having a problem
over here too many people not enough
male attention
leave it to my mom to make it all
completely symmetrical excuse me ma'am
ma'am I'm the TSA you're not supposed to
be doing that ma'am get her little Jews
so I have my personal cabby now I need
my cue we're free
no no I will not drive you anywhere and
we're gonna crash into the buggy thing
finance is not the answer
as you're hitting me I have a show
tomorrow in North Carolina
over the North actually the phone so
actually I don't think the internet I
don't ask you this the next time I get
upgraded to first class like if it ever
happens again no no that's why I want to
know what blueprint derp derp I want to
get a monocle and a top hat so that way
I want the whole band because the
monocle Tina yes and I just wiggle or
say would you like a glass of champagne
there Danny and just do that with a
little like monitor why should I do it
yeah I think so I think you should the
monopoly man but no your mr. peanut but
I'm not a peanut look ahead
what's large and round and all over the
Internet Charles trip his head go did
you say you wanted to see Charles
dressed up as a cowboy playing a guitar
while riding on a pony well how did you
know that I had that this is what our
kids are gonna look like how is that
even remotely practical I have no idea
there is so cute I've never seen that
one
this good what did I save on a mega
maniac so since Charles is leaving and
it's a sad day because you know we
didn't get to do that much together I
spent a lot of the day editing I decided
that tonight the way I was gonna make it
up to him was by throwing him a dress-up
girly time pizza party because I know
that's what every husband wants from
their wife I'm about to tell him now
hey babe you gotta come with me cuz
we're gonna play a game it's a really
fun game what is it it's called dress-up
girly time pizza party oh just you wait
so this is one of Zoey's favorite spots
whenever I do laundry she likes to stand
right here
with me in the laundry room and right
now or but this weekend just that's
perfect little table but below what
could join the party as I waited for the
laundry to finish I made a little bed
for Zoey to lay down on and Marley came
in and wedged herself right between Zoey
and me this is how it always is the day
before daddy leaves ultimate depression
because they both know and they both
hate it I hate it too
also check out these sweet bangs hey
like that famous sweet bangs so tomorrow
I have a show just like a one-off show
it's a college show in North Carolina
and then we're coming back Saturday so
it's not a really long thing
it's so cute Zoey Marly Ali RL that you
could tell Zoey Marly could really tell
it's it's kind of it's adorable but it's
really sad at the same time but the good
news is it's only for a day so I just
have you know one pair of clothes you
know a girl that oh I just showed you
guys my underwear here's what I'm
supposed to see that it'll be honestly
nice to you know play another show
because we haven't played a show in like
two weeks and you know I gotta miss it
you know you kind of miss it after a
while why is there a lantern in my
freaking room it'll definitely be good
to see everybody you know get back on
stage and play some play some song I
just burped as I was saying songs you
know what I'm gonna leave it I'm gonna
leave it today I'm gonna leave I'm not
gonna you normally I would edit that
part out but you know what I'm gonna
leave that in there true wrong nature of
the vlogs
is there something my face since
tomorrow I'm actually flying out I have
to wake up extra early because the
iPhone goes on sale don't make fun of me
goes on sale at 3 a.m. Eastern and you
want to see my alarm ok leave this all
right 2:30 get ready to wake up
do you 32 no just making sure this is
working 239 almost time to 50 wake up
and give Apple money yeah hopefully
there won't be problems like last year
ok so Charles put the eggs now on the
pajama pizza girl time party but I'm
making and watch The Hunger Games which
is good to me baby watch that you're
gonna like it I think the Hunger Games
yeah I think you're gonna like it
actually it might be a little too gory
for Charles but I hope that he likes it
because I love it I've actually
I really was no I just watched that
movie the second book now and I'm
frigging totes obsessed fresh blah blah
blah we're in the middle of the hungry
games and Ali's still miss me yeah gonna
miss me I'm mad cuz you didn't watch my
sappy movie with me it was boring no boy
it was like it was like a kid version of
Tron
with us computer graphics oh there's
another movie - what they do the same
thing but with prisoners and their
driving energy you know I'm talking
about
no it's Statham it's Jason Statham with
Arnold when the it's 80s and they have
to go through the arena and they face
different appliances oh I know you're
talking about anyone it comments help me
out it's like exhibit it's like right
there for everyone asking Marley's been
feeling are you still seriously Marley's
been feeling a lot better guys though
her her little belly's feeling better
the salt water I going to the beach the
other day really help the salt water
kind of cleansed it where's Zoe out
there she is
my baby well I got to go to bed the
secret phrase today is a little bit of a
research project try to find out that
movie that Alice talking about Arnold
Schwarzenegger it's kind of like The
Hunger Games keeps a The Hunger Games
The Hunger Games that's that that is the
secret phrase it's kind of a research
product go find out what movie we're
talking about
and then just span in the comments so we
can actually see it but uh yeah I'll see
you guys tomorrow actually in a couple
hours because seriously I'm gonna go
nuts so if I can't think of this I have
to wake up in like two hours to order my
iPhone so I will see you later
oh well it's like the spider-man kiss
via text
with trippy
with charity
you
