what is today it's Wednesday September
12 2012 you are phone wake up wake up
wake up wake up wake up wake up wake up
wake up wake up wake up wake up wake up
you iPhone 30 minutes wait teller wake
up
teller wake up get her get your butt up
get your butt up
get up my laundry is always dirty
up up up up I know I know I know Apple
fanboy of being annoying but I do this
every year this is the fourth year in a
row now you guys know that you've
watched it with me
13 minutes I like you have enough
technically coughing really good coffee
guy go get a coffee
I don't want to spend hours doing this
it's like Christmas is like reverse
Christmas
so don't it was that was just ran out
the door without shoes on honey where
are my shoes shut up this is gonna be
the fastest driving on a golf cart
I've ever done in my life I'll be right
back
I think I'm like 10 minutes late all
right I was walking in to Starbucks and
two girls were walking out so I was like
you know what I'm gonna be gentlemanly
and opened the door for and I forgot I
was wearing this shirt that I got a web
tour you know this one and they just
look down they go
classy they just walk away laughing I
forgot I guess I got to retire this I
forgot about a Warped Tour I used my
birthday coupon and look what I got I'm
ready it's as big as your head it is as
big as your head right now isn't that
crazy
this is being mine not far enough could
be exciting oh it's way bigger than your
head about your head well yeah there it
is the new iPhone there it is come here
come here
hurry see this is the thing I'm worried
about the new wireless they call it an
ultra-fast Wireless it's time
grandfathered in because I got the
iPhone what four or five years ago have
unlimited data I have a bad feeling the
18th iam Verizon or going to if you want
to have the super fast internet they're
gonna make you have a tiered like a like
a plan you won't be able get
grandfathered in that sucks cuz I used
so much data I really hope this is not
what it is my Apple commercials
this is the first type own game song
wasn't it today and it's like I just
wanna I just want this done and this
wanna be like Apple shut up and take my
money so I want to be here's a fun
little thing this is a band called Orbis
square ax I think it was actually the
first iPhone like commercial whatever
that song this song right here another
one of those songs I made a skip with
the iPhone came out just before the
iPhone came out before I owned it and I
made a video called Apple iPhone sucks
it's on the Charles Trippy channel I'll
try to link it right here on the
notations right here it'll open up in
another window hopefully I somehow got
the artists permission to actually use
this song so I was using the same artist
at the time as Apple just to make fun of
the iPhone back then so if you want to
see me with stupid freaking hair they
confront of the iPhone like well I think
was 2007-2008 I'll put an annotation
right here on the screen it'll open up
in another window so just click right
there and this vlog will be fine so
click right there and check that out so
now I'm assuming you click that and you
now hit resume on this video and yeah
let me know what you think of that hair
should I do it again you have no idea
what I'm talking about you might want to
go watch that video look at this
that's all the coffee I could drink
that's not even a like an eighth of that
way too much coffee so I just got done
watching the keynote of the Apple you
know and yes pre-orders Friday I will be
buying it because I'm a nerd
and I have all of them I know I've
showed you guys this before but see
there's iPhone one right there
there's iPhone to iPhone three I went
for and then I have the 4s and then I
have to get the five and click collect
them like an idiot this is still my
favorite though but I think this new
ones supposed to be kind of like this
for the aluminum and stuff that's why
I'm actually really into it because not
digging the glass too easy to break yes
as you guys know oh my gosh look at all
this mail I think we got to do a mail
vlog in the next couple days so what do
you guys think Mel blog soon I think got
to heaven uh how they are doing the CG
effects in the video and then Marley
this time okay Zoe oh my neck
fools farting no tell him to stop
farting so apparently I'm sitting in
Zoey's spot excuse me well way to go do
you think it's true like the slower you
pump the less bubbles you get and the
more gas you get or the faster the pump
more but wasn't give up that's like the
myth right fine well now you're over
here now I can't all right you want some
coconut water drink it hydrate Marley's
actually being adorable right now oh
never mind that yep now she's back
do I make a good pillow worst thing
about seat belts Liggett wah
are you getting the breaks oh my god
that's okay honey all the dragons
everywhere just imagine if they were
like 50 feet long the real dragons
you look like a dragonfly with those
glasses on oh my god dragon fries look
at them all I've never seen that many
they're everywhere and we'll stepped on
you this is insane I've never seen it
this calm it looks like a freaking pond
there's hardly any way it's like glass
that dog just literally literally just
peed on your water jack
oh yeah rolling that that dead crab I
found yeah he's always got a camera on
her back right now we're gonna see what
she what she sniffs Oh Marley swim in
Australia
always blowing bubbles zoe looks like
she's seasick she gets out of the water
like oh we got a few I'm gonna puke
doctors just found a shark tooth ash
active don't don't be ashamed
look it's always beard
sorry I'm changing get her open the door
you can do it come on open the door
Marley just like this is what you do so
Ali went with duct tape she's gotta go
have dinner with her family so it's all
me guys I gotta make my own dinner
tonight and I gotta go to the store
gotta drive this around again
whoo he's a food so Josh and I are
joining her mom and Hannah's mom for the
lovely night oh no we're not really
we're just going to like one restaurant
but I'm really excited because I never
been here before so I welcomed the new
culinary experience especially because
I'm flippin starving so I was cute
Brussels sprout now I've never had a
Brussels sprout before and a little bit
afraid to try it and I'm gonna do it
just for you on camera so you can laugh
at my reaction
yeah
the best okay mama lady Dottie just
found this amazing explained dinner
right next door I see a picture
Christopher Walken so I'm like oh my god
is he coming to Sarasota so I look and
it says State Street's fine we are not
accepting walking I don't even know what
the hell they do I don't even need to go
there but I would go there just because
they have that that is the greatest
thing ever
credit to lady daddy's mama the worst
thing you could possibly do is going to
the grocery store when you're starving I
saw burritos tacos and fajitas and
enchiladas in the same aisle so I'm
gonna make a burrito taco enchilada
fajita I did I got you something too I
did get you guys something okay yeah be
good okay so many peppers gonna be
amazing
no I didn't say Marley there's a taco
shell fajita mixtures and burrito stuff
for that free enchilada right there I
give you four here - burrito taco gelada
it exists because I made itself Chaplin
buckle air or you're chopping onions or
chopping onions
made fajita taco burrito enchiladas
smooth vaginas no no that's for four
count them vaginas no not at all because
these are not those they're not only is
he a gourmet chef which is also a Lucas
turell's healthy go measure actually
Charles is really good at cooking I
lucked out ladies you know many people
say how lucky I am to be married to
Charles and I fully understand that but
one thing that I think I have taken for
granted is the fact that she actually
loves to cook and I'm finding I don't
know a lot of other people that not a
lot of dudes like to cook oh no
you-you-you wasn't a lot did I hit the
jackpot
Milano thank you he's so cute wedding -
hey
cleaning up my mess already guys well
I'm going to go to bed Oh what are you
doing huh I'm writing a my cleaner
you're writing in your planner is your
birthday present so I'll attend hey
don't I know today was one of those days
where you know last three four years
Charles has been in an Apple fanboy but
you know what that's just how I roll
just an opinion when it comes down to it
yeah Apple products might be more
expensive but you don't have viruses PC
products might be more customizable but
they're not as stable and I mean
seriously the ghost of Steve Jobs is
going down hot you anyway so you might
as well just do it so as we do every
single time this time of year what do
you guys think PC or Mac tell me in the
comments are you PC or are you Mac for
the past four years we're gonna have it
right now I'll see you guys tomorrow
good night
yes
with y'all trippin
would be an ally don't forget
