time to get in shape go for a while I'm
gonna go piss in this yard I think
they're done walking circles behind you
she's gonna lap you every time I need to
crash my back I I can't see I don't know
how to do it myself I always have to
have Ally do it
funniest thing because she's so much
smaller I'm gonna show you guys how in
the car honey that's a little too
aggressive there just fall in idiot no
you can't do that you're tensing up
breeding out all the wages you're sorry
okay I feel like you're gonna hurt me go
oh my god hold it oh my god better hurry
trying to find a what what did you call
it a a book what's a book oh one of
these toilet paper that used to be my
favorite thing when I was a kid I used
to love goosebump books and every week
or every month when a new one would come
out up my mom would always take me and
that smell of books you're like when
you're walking like book like borders
and something like that you don't have
that anymore all a books actually would
be completely honest I don't remember
the last time I bought an actual book oh
no I do it was the Elam video when I was
the Steve Jobs book but other than that
before that one I have absolutely no
idea do you guys remember last book you
bought tell me in the comments we'll see
how data to watch this like somebody's
gonna write goosebumps goosebumps but
that's actually gonna cool that's
amazing I always getting sucked into the
Hunger Games something funny I wanted to
buy the hard covers because I always
think I had to like when I have kids I'm
gonna want to give them my books that I
really enjoyed as a kid there when I was
younger and I was looking at the trilogy
box set of these it's 40 cents more
expensive they're just buying them all
separately without the little cardboard
box that it comes in so you know what an
eruption saving 40 cents at least I'm
together but
I'm not allowed to be here that's a good
one you should get that one we're going
to grow all together you and I you first
cover that one I was good just get that
one all right
so I just lost Charles but I have a
hunch where he might be what do you know
I knew I'd find you here
I knew I'd find you here lady how do you
get your hair stuck in the door you're
such a dingus pool toys there's the pool
girl I don't know how she does it she's
sensing the storm that's about to come
oh hey Birds
yeah you don't see finally actually it's
kind of hard to drive this thing back
way up here or is that your attic attire
right now
pink spandex board shorts work boots and
my old t-shirt actually my dad's old
t-shirt do it all right we got one more
wire to wire up apparently that's an
attic didn't even know that I didn't
know we have that as an attic I just
thought something decided to frame our
ceiling I know I'm an idiot
Joey do it hey bring it down it's not a
toy it's my way of not dying hold on
this is a no light or anything okay well
that's creepy
I think that's where we need to go I'm
not sure okay what are you doing do you
fiberglass in your eye yeah you're right
you've glassy eyes so should probably
turn that off now the storm's a-brewin
sorry poop before it gets you Ally
where'd she go Ally not gonna lie having
an open attic like that it's a bit
not too bad it's who he said the last
Ally the tool time trippy this is my
least favorite part
you're crazy
what a bear spiders here we're moving
right Marco Marco I think you're right
here I got it
we decided to go bowling apparently it's
College night and Ali's staring at these
cookies and all of a sudden and then he
goes and also you get a cookie different
go walk 12 pound balls won't 13 pound
balls knowing which balls you can handle
I've experienced with my own balls and I
have to venture out to other other
people's balls it's a little more
difficult girls versus boys what is that
it's the game oh no this one idea was on
a daily basis
dancing to one direction in case you
can't hear what playing I'm noticing
alleys a little biased with the camera
tonight she's not recording my awesome
awesome bowling yours oh those are just
numbers I see yours
all right now baby what you're going one
dear uncle alright beer and bowling baby
tell again American beer bowling baby
ball game ball daddy and cookies it's
how we do it go on a little bit of row
center ok welcome back for all the life
on this up I am ok Bob no but if you
swing you're too much across your body
me you're gonna get little bit too much
here sweating I'll never see it oh the
best thing the gutter bag see you next
time that's in the gutter bag it looks
like the girls beat the boys so I'm
gonna get all sappy and emotional that's
what I did so whatever it's really
really nice to have I mean a lot of
people love their families but they
don't get to spend a lot of time with
them which is unfortunate and I've been
lucky enough to you have a family that
has always been there for me American
alright there's Charles III cui my god
Jesus I'm trying to give a nice speech
here I am blue balls but social ugly
people who won't stop annoying me when
I'm trying to film something nice it's
your turn
forget it I hate my belly
I didn't say I was gonna hit the pizza
throw the better
it's the Kmart bluelight special anybody
who gets tracking this Jan man it's gets
a free game that's it baby
no whoa sorry balls are flying
everywhere no pressure but if you don't
get this you're walking home yeah you're
walking home it's gonna get don't know
running away metal
she's gonna go get a free game there so
I literally just went from first to last
crystal laughs whatever you do they get
back up don't move
new tactic see how bad I can actually
get so far I'm at 16
real good technique time to go to bed
Ali is in here reading her little hungry
games you reading your hungry games the
appetizer games yeah alright guys I will
see you tomorrow make sure to check out
drunk gaming or just uploaded that
yesterday on Ali's channel and the new
t-shirt at CTFxC merch calm
I'm sure Siri will remind you about that
after the video but oh my god do I phone
tomorrow
Oh secret phrase for today Ali's got
balls Hughes had balls all day so yeah
now let's get balls enjoy drunk gaming
guys and go get the new shirt CTFxC
merch calm and I guess hi again did you
go watch the new episode of Ali's drunk
gaming yet if not click here on the left
hand side it's Splenda feuless whoa did
I just make up a word of course I did
I'm a computer for shizzle oh and go get
the brand-new shirt at CTF X merch Khmer
are real a snazzy and they will make a
hot girl come up and tell you that they
love you if you are a girl Ryan Gosling
will marry you if you wear the new shirt
they're pretty powerful no doubt so go
get your own okay I gotta go release the
brand new iPhone 5 today
busy busy penis day
yes
with trippy
we're
to be an ally don't forget
