we got to go up and check on something
where the wires wasn't working
fixed all right hopefully we won't be
doing this all day today what what's she
doing up you ready to go for a golf cart
ride it's pretty adorable well we are
off to run a few errands got to do even
got to be a grown ups today the big
doing grown-up things I love it's
parampara never grown up short I can't
be fiddling is I I know when I have to
be a grown-up and I still have I gotta
get him into it I have the hardest time
like doing that could never wear a polo
shirt in Brazil I had to wear that polo
shirt for the Macy's promotion
if you what if you play polo cha no
strong no straw for my sustenance that's
okay I could have just done this
that would have been kind of awkward no
hey you should totally poop on that car
right now
you should totally poop on that person's
car do it I'll give you some fish left
that is like the this is a nice enough
work size cinnamon roll check it in me
so do you want to make the trade you
want to want to share you want to I give
you this much of my cinema at all four
chip a bite and a bite come on the
cinnamon roll is more the hell you the
cinnamon roll has more value because it
tastes better
that is not gold you can have some of my
coffee
wait you drank coffee yesterday most
most
about the Stila chip
giving you a champion it's like the
penny in this currency right now here's
the key the alley okay this is knowing
Ali being married to her and all this up
you wait long enough with food that you
want you just wait until she's almost
done and then she'll just leave some
okay so I can I can give away the cheese
mac and cheese are you negotiating and
she's she's me she gets negotiation
process and then my mom victory if we
get a train whistle Steve Zoe she likes
harmonica I want to shoot like a train
but why is it red I'm a fashionable
which dragged on a girly shopping spree
let's see look at how its fancy list on
a napkin on a napkin that's how what the
classiest do it everything smells like
15 different fragrances my nose is all
freaking out wine man why was recording
how embarrassed are you right now at
least trying to kill people because you
want to candle before somebody else
there was one cinnamon one left I was
cutthroat okay
never come between a candle and Ally Wow
the candle before her I just I just
really ripped the lid off
two three four five six seven eight and
I think you're beating I think in
breaking the rules again valley tryna
sneeze oh my god I hate that it started
to go then did it go huh
I hate that Oh Miley she likes you okay
I'm not sold
I Love You Zoe sup ghetto sup ghetto do
you want to hear my pizza joke no never
mind is too cheesy oh okay how do you
catch a unique lying unique up on them
how do you catch a tame one tame way
what do you name a dog with no back legs
and metal balls
Sparky laughs laughs oh come on balls be
or not to be that is the question well
it is nobler in the mind to suffer the
slings and arrows is that good is that
right did I get it right
see kind of oppressed lamp sense that
that's a cool lamp I like that
okay ready I have another magic trick
close your eyes I have a magic
I'm a manager it's a magic trick it's a
magic trick close your eyes close your
eyes no close your eyes you don't
they're close close
no they're not I can see the clothes you
can't see I close your eyes oh the kind
of clothes stay there
okay keep em close as a magic trick do
not open them okay
do not open them I'm gonna if you open
your eyes you're gonna be instantly
zapped and do of another dimension okay
ready
hold still you have to relax your face
and in your head think of the happiest
memory from no no just relax I can't
relax your face think of the happiest
memory from your childhood I'm talking
about who you're with no how come I keep
falling for this crap
it was make Charles a woman that was
gonna go like Diane you were gonna be a
woman I'm officially an idiot I'm magic
trick you know magician you know David
Copperfield
they're finally friends well Zoey's in
this is pulling devs are I'm starting to
realize if you like hit somebody with
something funny like a limp thing Abdo
can't get mad there's no way anybody see
you have a knife though that's not bad
goodnight have you ever seen this game
Pocky game hold on that's my hockey game
we're getting final approval and drunk
gaming ports uploaded so that's I was
trying to think of an actor in the
nineties I don't okay she has thus far
I've shown her villains from at least 10
different 90s movies and she has said
every time that it's not that guy but it
looks like that guy made some kind of
like stepdad or like not villain but
like the character you're not supposed
to like opposite some it's a comedy and
they use you their opposite Jim Jim
Carrey or I'm Stan okay oh god it's like
a rage of like 200 start naming random
in the comments start naming 90s
villains and maybe we'll figure it out
eventually he looked like a man looking
like a man but if you like Jesus dying
sandal Charles is trying to argue that
that this one from MADtv was the
original and that Kristen wigs two
a-holes totally stole that joke it's a
very common Joe mm-hmm but he'll look
like a mine and then the whole life wait
what is it I just wanna hear you say it
again another and then look like what
you looking like I'm on but and then the
Kristen Wiig thing saying that like the
goofy thing over and over again was kind
of similar
right this is what happens as a trippy
household late late at night we have
debates about 90s comedies and villains
oh my god Justin found him this is the
guy we were looking for the 90s villain
isn't he from happy gilmore
I reckon for a dream camera friend for a
dream but we'll guys I will see the
Pearl I'm gonna go to bed and I hope you
guys enjoyed the video we had a lot of
special surprises and yeah there's a new
episode of drunk gaming it's online
right now on our channel you - yeah so
you can click right there after the
video you'll see that and also we have a
new t-shirt yeah there's a new t-shirt
that CTFxC merch calm so you can go
check that out it's a pretty badass new
t-shirt if you don't if I don't mind
myself but you know what I will see us
tomorrow getting completely honest how's
my health southern accent anyway after
this you'll see all that stuff sauce
jeezum all good guys it's me again
stupid serie thinks she can run the
world
pffft IRA known Android
suck it anyway the new episode of drunk
game is live on Alice channel right now
so you can click the little box on the
left-hand side and check that out go
give them video game ideas on which
games to play
oh and there is a brand new CTFxC shirt
out now I will have the programmer put
links to everything in the video
description go check out the awesome
penis stuff
yes
with y'all trippin
with drug therapy
