rain rain go away go yourself rain see
if that's so scary when you come out
here right
Tesla scary a big like big loud thunder
like I litter the big thunder noise
whatever just hit like by like three
minutes ago
all of a sudden Marley's behind the
toilet he's always like that
half of her head underneath the bed
butter what's like an ostrich ins just
wouldn't like three seconds of a little
boom dude come out here and face your
fear go get with the middle finger come
on oh do it again all right
go hide all right I guess it's death um
I really don't want to go okay come on
Thunder buddy come on Thunder buddy so
are you ready for today you ready
no we have to do so we have to run some
wires and fix the air conditioning and
all this fun stuff in the Attic and
alleys the tiny one so she has to go up
the attic and okay tell him tell what
you said how you're scared of the Attic
because of what movie was your leadoff
one I just said that yeah felt down what
what she was like I'm afraid of attics
cuz there's all these scary movies and
I'm like there's no scary movie this is
the first one she said what was it I
said you mangy but I really mean like
paranormal activity have you seen the
Exorcist
because but I just don't laughing cuz
what was you watching pg-13 or PG og I
think p4 pissed your pants scary going
up in the creepy attic guess we put
Christmas stuff up here earlier
alright so we got to get over there
somehow no he's right I think they're
kind of creepy whoa hi guys I'm what
lives in your attic so right there
duh
that wouldn't stand on there I would
stand out on the two boys on send the
little one here is this before you get
too far
grab this outside of that just imagine
being like seven foot trying to do this
hey Zoey come on up come on up though
jump is that better al can you see why
are you freaking out there are bugs
there shouldn't be bugs on our attic
just wrap a few gremlins and things like
that yeah but there's a spider look at
Ali's sick sick boots all right so it's
all plugged in see any ghosts huh what's
that face did you see something you're
tiny I think it's like right over there
somewhere that's easy
Haley are you knocking on wood hey hey
what's that noise what is that some
really weird it over there I don't know
what it is
hey oh wait hold on oh yeah hold on I
got it okay we're trying to get these my
hairs to run through hold on hold on
noise
oh it's Santa okay
would be a horrible injury like all
these open nails in the ceiling there's
so many nobody jump in the Attic
no jumping in the Attic a graveyard why
are bugs so stupid they do just how many
bugs do you think right there it's like
the gumball thing where you guess it
right about if you guys guess how many
dead bugs are in there I will send you
$5.00 personally if you have 70 dead
bugs through their house that one thank
that one creepier
what are you doing Zoey huh something in
the house what's going on oh it's your
flashlight buddy
hey oh my god oh my god oh good welcome
to the Attic I don't think I can ever
see the roof whoo
don't dent dad dad done I finally
convinced Charles to go up in the attic
you're such an ass I hope you do find a
poltergeist I hope he hurts you in the
butt uh-huh he's gonna be like you've
been making fun of my peeps all day be a
good girl better believe
not to mention we've encountered idiots
on the road I was trying to park in one
spot and then I like decided not to park
there cuz I didn't have enough room
hello how are you
sorry I just like Scott who newfound
respect for any electrician AC repairman
plumber anything after this oh my god
it's freaky up here
I think luckily our house is relatively
new an older house would scare crap out
of me
alright so we got you like this we got
one more cord to run and then we yeah we
should
what's that noise you guys hear that
what is that
I can't isn't there what's a freaking
noise should I see anything
oh that
got you guys oh I have to do it I had to
do it I had to do it sorry had to do it
no nothing yet oh that's right this the
whole bringing down the house good that
sounds bad house is gonna explode
Gary yep you good it's my last night and
it's really for watching videos of
sleepwalking dogs and it's hilarious
speaking of astonishing she's dreaming
and she kicks her bed she kicks around
so much and you let it happen when you
look at me danver what she came to kitty
cat treats while I was gone
right now puncher Joe he's like puncher
the face she's frantic today
so today was a fun-filled first it was
actually a lot of home improvement and
stuff like that so it was actually kind
of nice we got a bunch of wires all
taken care of forgot the air conditioned
fit because for some reason our air
wasn't working really well in our
bedroom so we had to kind of fix all
that stuff
however today out for scaring you guys I
apologize for scaring you with the
Slenderman didn't tell Ali about that as
promised I told you guys on Facebook and
you guys probably got it a little
glimpse a couple days ago
we are finally releasing that new
t-shirt yes Ali's been doing a little
dance it's Ali as a tattooed rebel
princess dis defied I guess is that your
is that you dance what is that LOI do
your honey boo boo but you gotta do the
lip thing yeah there it is it's right
here on the screen we've been working on
this one for a very long time it has if
this is the coolest part if you look at
the tattoos on Ali's arm you can see
different like different things that
represent the CTFxC you'll see CTFxC
you'll see florida you'll see my head as
a tattoo Zoey Marley's a tattoo at least
key necklace it's just filled with a
bunch of awesome CTFxC little like
inside things you can go to CTFxC merch
calm I want you guys all to go get this
we're actually selling them in tank tops
and t-shirts forms you guys were really
asking for more tank tops so got you
more tank tops so I just want to let you
guys know you can go check that out
CTFxC murse comm get the new we call it
what it was the name if you guys think
of a better name for it we had a live
show and you guys came up with a name
beauty in the ink Beauty and the Beast
if you guys can think of a better name
for that t-shirt tell me in the comments
and maybe we'll actually change it but
yeah it was very productive hard-working
day so I'm I'm exhausted it's 11:00 it's
11:30 p.m. I feel like it's 3:30 a.m.
right now I am so tired the being in
that attic is like insane work like it's
insane how hot it is then there's
freaking nails everywhere it's going to
furgus go and not to mention it's
looking scary
no it's rewarding though right say good
night that's sticky
that's the secret phrase no peeking
better not be creaking alright bye guys
hello CTFxC it's me Siri Charles asked
me to share the good news about the new
shirt and tank top design you should go
get it because I'm a talking robot and
all humans should listen to talking
robots I mean haven't you seen iRobot
before some scary anyway we hope you get
in love the new shirts as much as we do
penis see you guys tomorrow
yes
with trippy
with Dirty Harry don't forget to
