is this really how we're gonna start
today is this really how we're gonna
start the day so no that is really the
same poop as yesterday you remember
yesterday when I said the clips deleted
in Final Cut Pro at 10:00 and I was
gonna bummed I guess she figured that
out and she tried to recreate it for me
because she now has poop all over her
the same poop all over her oh that is so
gross
go this is so funny it's blowing my mind
how I was so bummed yesterday cuz the
footage was so funny
not so much the second time around but
it's like she was paying attention who's
like oh don't worry I'll totally
recreate it no big deal okay we're just
gonna let that soak in for a little bit
okay hello so my dad brought over a cake
and he had made check it out
that is awesome it's is it that way what
is the 320 HS well I didn't know I don't
even know what that is that's what it
was you get the lot you know that's
copyright infringement right there it's
awesome that's so cool thank you
speaking of lost footage remember I
think was on my birthday we were trapped
in the elevator the birthday vlog right
I think it's like birthday boy going
crazy or whatever
September 2nd video and we got stuck in
the elevator and it was really short
lived like what happened how did they
get out I filmed a bunch of my phone cuz
my camera died right and then Travis
accidentally called me it stopped
filming answered the call went back to
look for the footage you know so just to
see how much like actually film and it
was all gone completely gone this
morning i unlock my phone and I went to
my photos I wanted to see it this photo
in the show alley this photo from
yesterday you know male with the soap
and stuff and all of a sudden the video
clip was there I uploaded this yesterday
as a little bonus on the the iPhone
channel YouTube by cops that's trippy
but I wanted to put it in here because
it's it's a vog it needs to be in the
vlog so this is lost footage for my
birthday when we get we really got
trapped in the
later you can see at the beginning it's
like all fun and games towards the end
you can look in my eyes in the video and
you can just be like okay he's turning
yeah the claustrophobic yet yeah the
freakout so this is for my birthday
I can't believe this is actually
happening yeah did you see it could you
see the look in my eye when I started
freaking out you know it's a nerdy fun
game when you clean your computer and
you don't turn off the keypad and you're
just like cleaning the keys so you're
just going like this just to see what
happens on the screen and all the crazy
things that come up I have no idea I've
never seen this menu I've been using
Photoshop for like 12 years and I've
never seen this menu like I always think
it's fun
oh there's music now and I'm going
absolutely berserk trying to organize
this like thing of DVDs I know you guys
have seen me do it before but I have not
done this since we moved into this house
and it was driving me nuts I went to put
away one of the games from drunk gaming
and what text message I went to put away
came from drunk gaming and there was a
wrong game in a case and I was like haha
nuts and I'm deciding to reorganize
everything alphabetically because I'm
really weird like that going over a
bridge having some issues I am going I'm
giving it a second chance I am going to
throw my computer I know it's oh I lost
another clip I lost another clip so
Charles is really let there be light and
clips so Charles and I decided that if
we ever got upset either at each other
or at something the best idea to do
would be to try and tell a corny joke
just try and get the over sin the left
what do you call a cow with no legs did
you hear the one about the toilet
nevermind it's too dirty what at one
toilet sink no no what is one toilet say
to the other what you look flushed corny
jokes the wind one more one more
so two peanuts were walking down the
street one got assaulted
what did the mayonnaise say when
somebody tried to open the refrigerator
door can you shut it I'm addressing ya
oh I'll win this I'm gonna win this so
far am i winning I know what do you guys
think so far by winning this competition
one was assaulted cuz he's a peanut whoo
oh good what did the young digital
clocks ate in the grandfather clock look
grandpa no hands
all right all right Oh what are you
spazzing out what's that
what's he calling a little frog okay
isn't that weird
what is that so strange his tongue do
you see his tongue come out what's wrong
dude
you bet he does effect is so weird this
lizard is totally tripping balls oh we
could have drove the golf cart here
drive the golf cart down the interstate
I'm ready to go see my dad play for a
little bit yeah as her dance
it's really nice very pretty pretty nice
out now let's get some hot pickle fried
fried dough completely in the dark fried
Oreos
we'll get this dough we'll get some
fried iPhones well Street fries I don't
know if you can see because it's so dark
but they're gonna new boogie-boarding
right now at night sharkbait cool
that is like every nightmare I can
possibly have doing anything end up like
in the middle of the water in the middle
of the ocean or the Gulf it just freaks
me out
step one fried pickle looks like a fried
Church what a brighter brighter
oh my god oh geez bounce right off me
hi what what do you want were you
watching Comedy Central you're getting
good fat varley's barking at Zoey
protect me Marley Marley hates it when
people are
Oh time to go to bed all right so what
did the lawyer named his daughter
cheating what do you call a shoe made
from a banana this is not fun
what did baby corn say - mama corn
where's popcorn this is not fun uh one
more one more and I'm giving up
why do you seagulls fly over the sea coz
if they flew over the bay the baby
bagels all right I'm going to bed
ally wins she's cheating somehow I think
she's cheating somehow she's cheating I
don't know tell me in the comments if
you think she's cheating again
why did the seagull choose to fly over
the sea because every time you flew over
the bay people call them a bagel or
something you ruin the joke now I win
you've ruined it I'll see you guys
tomorrow tell me in the comments who you
thought won the the joke off you're
gonna eat my cake is your face of it
though so you can get this look that's
only your head and then Marlene's Oh get
that part okay okay mm-hmm good night
guys I'll see you tomorrow
yeah
giddy with y'all trippin
Cinthia
you
