good morning guys so Marley's belly
still giving her problems
dogs got 99 problems and a bitches one
yeah yeah I am not amused don't lick it
now please I'm gonna get a cone I got to
get a cone for make sure she doesn't
lick it okay I still care what anyone
says when you're running and you fart
it's like a nitrous boost instead of
countless times oh you're just you're
just too cool friendly oh those my
glasses dude yeah he's so cool huh no no
here you go
good morning the second they hear the
slightest bit of commotion they came up
this come running oh they'll be
stretching I can stretch so this is how
I prepares for one of her CT FX cinema
videos that was a lovely face right
there
poking your eyeball I'm gonna go get
coffee do I think I have to Ally's yeah
yeah oh I'm gonna keep up my little fun
facts and keep you guys learning the
reason why it's seven years bad luck for
breaking a mirror is because I don't
know what's gonna say but you know about
that it used to take
yeah it used to take seven years to like
make a beer and there we go we'll make
for four for four days in a row learning
something new and Marley's middle name
is cheese because she likes cheese and
she pees pee pants cuz she pees herself
all the time
Marley are you trying to blend in so if
you guys can find Marley just click on
the video and the section of the video
where you think she is see if we can
find her together cuz like I can't seem
to find her and all those toys do you
see her do you know where she is I can't
seem to find her I don't think she is
either fine click on the video and find
barley for a little bonus Marley I'm so
glad the internet played along and the
interactiveness and found you didn't
just watch the video or shame other
people had to do your work thank you
you know what's really funny I think
he's got the best like the steering of
any automobile or anything that I've
ever ever loved it so one of my favorite
things to do when I wear one of our you
know our t-shirts our internet killed
television t-shirts somebody asks like
you know oh that's that's really true
that's so true
where did you get that shirt what does
that shirt mean my response every single
time is like yeah you know it's just
like this Internet gang haha on YouTube
but I never say it's like my my channel
or my videos or anything like that I
don't explain that I'm in it cuz I kind
of think it'd be kind of funny just to
think about like them going to the
channel and just be like oh isn't that
the same guy
I think it's funny what actually we know
what what do you guys say when people
ask you everyone who owns an internet
killed television tower CTFxC shirt what
do you guys say when somebody asks -
what it means or what it is or anything
like that tell me it comes out really
want to like read it because I'm just
really interested
oh it PS PS brand-new shirt coming early
I think Monday or Tuesday it's actually
one of my favorite t-shirt designs that
we've ever done I think is early either
Monday or Tuesday really excited to
release this one you guys I think are
gonna really like it this is really cool
speaking of internet killing t-shirts a
lot of you guys have been telling me on
Twitter that Wil Wheaton Wil Wheaton
basically very famous Star Trek person
has been wearing our t-shirts
through Advent I think was comic-con and
at other conventions and stuff like
that's it I got a couple photos check it
out
that is awesome we have real celebrities
wearing the internet killed television
t-shirts by golly we made it that is
this that's so cool to me you guys the
CTFxC are helping internet killed
television take over the world
make sure to go check out CTFxC merch if
you want to get your own your own
t-shirt or wristband and stuff like that
guys are awesome
I was that ones that made my day
yesterday it was so cool thank you will
for sporting the shirt too music died
that jerk tailgating me what a punk
stand behind me and it's a minivan
I never knows that minivan it's always
the fastest drivers I think it's because
they're driving a minivan they have to
like feel the rush and camp
charge like no there there what you
looking at Oh oh my god that even sounds
that sounds scary found me get some yep
there we go
did I scare you my house is gonna kill
us but first who wants to make us think
he's a dog that's not good last year I
bought Final Cut 10 the new Final Cut
and I just stopped using it cuz it was
pissing me off so much there's so many
like weird things that are changing
today today's the law actually I'm sorry
yesterday's vlog I'm actually editing it
right now and I'm trying to do this
right for the first time ever this is
all stuff you just saw
Time Warp and I'm trying to edit on this
thing and I feel like a complete idiot
like I still don't feel like it's
anywhere near where it needs to be I
think I just got to go back to Final Cut
7 this is I'm literally this is how I'm
doing things here let me set you down
with my coffee do i this doesn't do the
same stuff ok z doesn't zoom out what
oh it's deleted project not oh oh it's
gone it crashed great so if there were
any errors in yesterday's vlog that's
why come on Marley that's why your belly
hurts the bugs bite it I'll give you
five bucks if you don't do that don't
you just bypass it I don't know what
that is
you
you
here we go
always come on cannot handle pedicure
thing I guess I can't actually there
should be truthful you house it is your
Chandler that are you just yes I love it
when like I'm trying to talk to someone
and like the pedicure chair moves up
like oh my god with real problems like
you know what do my pedicure chair move
it got home from my lovely pedicure
except pretty Charles is nowhere to be
found so guess what I'm doing
I'm totally sneaking the rest of the pot
pie hey you want to hear a fun little
psychology thing okay so apparently it's
easier to bite through your thumb all
right if I bite the root up thumb than
it is to buy throw up
I got carrot do you know that try it
it's apparently easy to bite through the
thumb that it is the bite that a carrot
is that funny I feel like I'm eating
people phones how many people right now
have their thumb in their mouth wait I
read that online in a meeting maybe is
not baby carrots name is big carrot
maybes a big carrot I was reading that
online and immediately as I'm reading
down I'm like uh and then all of a
sudden is like dot your thumbs in your
mouth isn't it I'm like it was wait I
don't know did it put did you guys put
your thumb in your mouth
apparently if it was on the internet it
must be true I don't know okay right
through my thumb no oh I just make it
better but our left hand close your eyes
okay ready
you can close no peeking no peeking
take them close I'm not touching you
about changing the magnetic field in
your hand today and then in a couple of
seconds I'm gonna tell you to move in
here
be able to do that okay okay hold
stealth you it's a really important that
you don't know okay I'm dry that was a
good trick no don't don't look how
pretty let me finish it now you have to
let me finish it I know that was a good
trick
towels nice towels putting on that nice
towels yeah feel like the nicest boy
ever I don't I go please take it off you
cannot put that anywhere else cuz that
is really bright color yeah I see it you
do plenty of asshole things Zoey
you supposed to fight her when she does
that beats a pie trippy welcome to the
Droopys house would you like a pepperoni
pizza Zoey but your Italian heritage is
like pooping their pants I'm the worst
sicilian area ready are you gonna catch
it one two oh don't do that where Zoey
that's my underwear slapping you with
dough no no no another delicious
masterpiece fresh mozzarella jalapeno
broccoli cheddar wait we got cheese in
there we have mozzarella cheese we got
shredded cheese yep baby I don't know
what we got on this thing I don't know
put in the oven we're gonna see what's
going on always here
ma'am that looks delicious draws out
what yeah that was that was a spatula or
a whisk whatever you want to call it
outside and pee and poop so you don't
poop on the rug en ya dick and you know
you got to stop yelling at me for I'm
trying to stop pooping on okay well as
long as you making an effort it's good
alright guys so the secret phrase for
today is don't poop on the rug poop and
rug go do whatever you want
alright guys we love you and we'll see
you tomorrow thanks for watching
goodnight
yes
with tripping Ali
with Gianelli don't forget
you
