seriously how how can something so
everything small cost so much everything
pain splinter so it looks like yesterday
I got a splinter somehow oh my god
they're like so tiny it's such a small
little thing like I just said and it
just came like parrot not paralyze you
but like you could just bring you to
like annoyance more annoying yes than
painful Oh guess I got a live with it I
have a chameleon tall am I told looks
weird
looks like a giant potato that you were
not scream because if you do I'm gonna
stab you in the toe we're all stab
myself no be really good
do not okay ever will never have
children I think the Internet will be
really mad at you my mom will be really
mad at you you're not funny
I've sheep charred you're not even
hitting it you were just drawing the
wrong part of your toe I figured if I
dug deeper serious though serious
seriously though I'm not doing it look
at your face that's that's it I've met a
little asshole face though it would be a
good like patient dog like if you
brought her to the hospital
everyone camera that's kind of hurt I
want to say how but I screaming Oh
pickles how did you even get that girl
last night it was like one of those
things where I was like walking and I
felt it go and I was like well you got a
splinter okay going to bed this is a bad
time I thought yeah I have to really
really really really part I swear to God
right there
it's literally the worst do you guys
remember that splinter and I got from
the chopstick in my lip and it turned
out to be like that big so so terrible I
can't I think that was like that long
remember that and then you woke up in
your you spent the night with it in your
lips it was right there I was like a
couple years ago right do you get it
oh my god that's it is a hair that's
like a piece of hair no way
eyelash it looks like huh that looks
like a piece of hair it looks like a dog
hair Oh Zoe get in here
yeah your hair somehow got in my foot
I'm sorry I got my sad ears on that's my
seat she took my seat it's my seat
remember yesterday I was mentioning that
Allie broke my camera just watch first
camera that I have ever broken in like
the hundreds of cameras that we've owned
the doesn't matter it's still broken
ugh watch watch you turn it on oh that's
not recording anything so what you got
to do is you got to go to play and then
there and it works so that was like kind
of a twist that was a whole twist in the
whole band did anyone in the comments
that day guess that Allie would break it
did anyone guess I want to rub it in I'm
rubbing it in Denton ends an incident an
intern intern it didn't get it did in
today's like a little shark under there
there's this Shiba Inu that's the only
dog that I think I've talked about it
the only dog that Marley's ever really
liked and it's just this kaanchi but you
knew this boy Marley's boyfriend it's
like if we ever got another dog it would
have to be that kind of dog because I
have no idea why but that's the only dog
Molly's ever really liked
it's a giant oh my God look how tall he
is
I am not amused Marley stop it stop it
this is where small dogs can listen to
such popular bands as Coldplay and
Mama's Mouse we're betting because Zoey
and Marley are always so distracted at
the park Ali I'm gonna go get the
frisbee and if Zoey does it's at the far
as a distance so what has to happen is
though he has to go and catch the
frisbee two times constitute playing and
she just does her little thing where she
gets prancing and prances by it and
ignores it Ali owes me a 15-minute back
massage deal she has to catch it twice
why is my camera cracked oh my god
Charles did you crack my camera no you
you're avoiding the subject you brought
my camera didn't you I may have dropped
her camera so if she does that that's
not playing she has to catch it and then
drop in walk away she goes if you go
listening because all I see is the crack
a giant crack in the camera if you throw
the frisbee and she goes oh I want the
frisbee rainforest man everybody's going
Marley is sitting she literally is just
sitting in the middle of the field
waiting for Charles to come back that is
adorable
let's see this attempt damn it she got
one Zoe look at the doggies
Zoe cookie I can do whatever I want it's
got this fashion she's a god nope God
see ya thought I'm gonna do throw in the
towel honey it's not gonna happen all
right
that could happen good job Zoey get
distracted good job you're so gonna lose
I said the distraction that's the whole
point that was the whole bed it's just
you distracted my words of cookies so
how do you feel knowing that you're
gonna lose this bet you feel great about
losing that you're gonna lose no no you
can't do that you can't force her that's
cheating
no that's cheating that was cheating you
sat her down and made her do it that's
not fair internet judgment rule judgment
rule on the Internet was she cheating
you can't sit the dog down and fuck that
was the whole point is the focus ness I
want I want the refs there was no
stipulation about how she did it or when
just that she went twice judgment call
these two lizards are fighting right now
I can't tell if they're trying to mate
and they're just like this is the first
part or like it you guys are doing it
all wrong so this is what dinosaurs like
look like when they fight oh maybe
they're fighting over that that's a
female I think I may have hit a stroke
of luck I might not have to send it out
I think they might actually just because
I come in here so much it's switching in
the store please being stalked the odds
it's awesome such a good day I have I
have some bad news and some good news
the bad news is they could why was in
the driver's seat you're supposed to be
here the bad news is they couldn't fix
my camera the good news is they gave me
a brand new one yeah they know me so
well you're just like here you go dude
it's so good
all right now you have to drive we are
trying to spruce up the house a little
bit so we're trying to like because our
deck is falling apart right now we're
gonna try to find some stuff to redo the
deck I kind of want to make like a beach
thing like a Florida beach thing with
like hammocks and stuff like that I
think that'd be really cool what was the
other thing we have to do blinds
blinds he's got a headache 1 to 10 how
about your headache
eleven let's beyond the scale is that
okay look at a door to a hot-headed or
do we want we want doing on a normal
door to want a fancy door to run a
flame-throwing door I want a door that
like punches solicitors in the face
strongman doing man stuff open your
windows today Ali's been attacked by the
migraine monster I would try to make
signal a really really nice dinner I'm
gonna try to make like a homemade
chicken pot that's whatever got got all
these awesome vegetables I'm like what
am I forgetting about chicken I'm gonna
try to make a homemade chicken pot pie
make her feel better
the first time ever trying this kind of
excited I always like you guys know I
always like to make like random foods
that I've never done before I think I
can do it too you do yeah I know you
guys like the baby carrots there you go
good for the eyeballs it's so goofy to
me and now in slow motion
you guys want to know what another
random fact the baby carrot it was
invented because the dude didn't want to
just throw away the ugly carrots so even
him small rounded them off like this and
now baby carrots outsell the big carrots
daddy carrots I don't know whatever
mommy mommy carrots like the ugly things
turn into more profitable ones playing
with your meat he's slapping your meat
step what's up everyone looks good
using goodness shut up mmm together
mouth is watering right now it's so good
just turned in for me like making this
for Ali and then Ali is like ooh that
looks fun we should carve something into
it what's carve CTFxC in it okay oh if
you guys don't want those pieces I will
gladly need take those it's the
first-ever CTFxC chicken pot pie it
looks so cute I wish this kind of wish
is really gonna apple pie now go ahead
that's what it's not an apple pie watch
your fingers I wasn't burned your hands
that looks me I really I know it's a
chicken pot pie and it's gonna be
delicious
but I kind of wish it was like a cherry
pie or an apple pie right now it just
looks so so amazing company really yeah
we don't need two plates I'll take this
one this is gonna slut you're such a
girl
it's presentation all right try it
I want to through thick
goodnight goodbye
where's he at
giddy with y'all trippin
would be an ally don't forget
