they don't stop Rosie she does it again
don't be fun of me
the faces she's making just before she
does it now that we don't have a friggin
hurricane coming at our faces anymore we
decided to check out the beach and see
how calm it is now looks so much more
calm hot stuff
pick up that poop immediately we get
here and so he just takes a dump and
runs away anywhere you wanted you could
poop like in the middle of Walmart you
can poop anywhere you want but you had
the stipulation was you had to pick up
your own poop every single time would
you do it would you do it if you could
poop anywhere at Starbucks she's like oh
I gotta go a lines too long oh but you
had to pick it up would you guys do it
be honest tell me the comments laying
down in there oh I can't make it you
guys do realize you're in the water you
know that right yeah no that's water no
he's got a boyfriend over there really
warm come on shark bait get up peace I
kind of like it
bus camera somebody got jealous be
efficient
oh you don't have my fishing skills
remember the last time we were here I
caught like 15 fish with my bare hands
what is that
what was that a stingray seriously are
you serious
this gets done you beat yourself alright
I'm just following the tracks valium oh
geez it looks like Ally's got like
stress washing it out against what sea
shell
watch the seashell it just floats
driving her crazy looks pretty dead
I got when I was little Melissa and I
were throwing ice at each other at the
beach we got out of the Coolridge have a
nice fight coincidentally if there was a
big chunk that I thought she threw look
just like this was a jellyfish picked it
up ruined my day
I'll give you $5.00 to stand in the
water all right five minutes
Oh see you don't know where it is I'll
focus she is with all those birds is
that your new bathing suit
oh my god really the codpiece
head over but fine but shield
Gareth oh hi Marley Marley sit down
what are you doing up there dude brought
the man's store home I got actually get
a lightbulb for the fish tank so it's
not bad manly it's responsible Thomas
Edison would be would be proud actually
did you guys know this here's a fun fact
Thomas Edison actually didn't invent the
lightbulb another guy did he just made
it so you can actually mass-produce them
now you know look at the sky you can
even see the beams of light behind it
fakes guys fake I totally just
photoshopped that guys you like it okay
say something in French
oh say rate comment and subscribe say
subscribe
oh here's my drink and a plastic cup and
here's my husband's drink
complete with a fruit off the fruits or
I have a sword
yes instructor perfectly good cherry
sitting up front about ahead you know
you know Marion maraschino Mary Jean Oh
what are they ready no cherries the same
stuff that preserves this is pretty much
perfect formaldehyde that preserves
bodies
Chris Rock Chris Rock out that's also
what makes your car smell like a new car
do you guys notice anything different on
this keyboard give you a couple seconds
to write in the comments
it is the French keyboard English
keyboard QWERTY all the way I like this
one more actually there's this as cert
what assert there do you know that one
that changes around based on it's like
it's like a new party oh really
yeah I've seen that one yeah there's a
couple of keyboards that are like
arranged differently so weird with a
slightly different you just like you
don't want to do you just like stare at
it like there has been an appropriate
throwing of fruits like you this is your
face your mouth yeah you get one shot no
not in my mouth thrown in my face one
time I get to do it at you or no no I
get one more one time I would you do it
two times walk me to my car and then you
can pee on it I'll pee on your car
there's a lot on the right only
otherwise otherwise it's like what is it
it's public indecency if you have your
right hand right hand back tire your car
absolutely I worked there in high school
fun fact I'm a used to come across the
street and get ice cream every time cool
story bro
all right Lauren that's my mom's
favorite phrase you can't teach her any
memes because then she just abuses them
to the point of no return
you heard me mom Yolo all right Briana
say cool story bro one more time for Ali
so whoa it's loud
guess what I can't show you what the
camera is broken guess who broke it Ali
did I didn't break it first time ever
how long that was a three weeks three
half weeks
dogs always look like they saw something
shocking
yes
with y'all trippin
where
with charity
