go ahead
it's early have a go home so we just
didn't play
I think is a plane I don't know
your head
join with all the technology in the
world bagels and English muffins still
take forever
you have three guesses on what Danny is
doing right now getting it out there all
guys know what just happened there all
the ladies like what what happened I
don't get it guys Phil oh man 1% oh you
got it yeah you got it
1% left do you know your seat number all
the way back into date d today well what
would happen would you have had to paper
yeah you killed a couple trees blast
playing home guys home
yes you know what I'm actually getting I
think we flies so much I'm starting to
get really good at like what I do is
when I hear that we're about land I
close my eyes and I can actually guess
how the planes like the sounds and all
that and how it's moving when it's gonna
actually hit the ground right now we're
gonna be pilots I think we're like
certified or honor yeah they used to be
like in the nineties when you get like
wings we should have like pilot hats
I want no I want to Delta Delta
you should give all we the kings some
pilot hats and wings at least we should
get wings come on bring back the wings
it's a fun game when you go on a plane
trying to figure out when you're down
like plan just by the sounds going over
your eyes you guys are cheating you just
go BAM okay it's a fun game I am on my
way to pick up Charles from where else
but a Starbucks it's actually pretty
funny that he's being dropped off there
and also I'm trying to plan something
really super fun for Charles's birthday
since we weren't together so I'm trying
to figure that out now I haven't quite
come up with a good plan yet but we'll
see I'll come up with something and now
we play the guessing game I was just
trying to remember where we parked we
had the little slip of paper at but we
lost it I think was this one I'm pretty
sure this one we've done step one and
two correctly now Oh guys so this is the
guess if we do a hundred percent we just
actually met a lady in them the monorail
same situation with the children lost
over like a while is it is that you
straight ahead right there straight
ahead set it 100% victory I can't
believe we actually did that Danny
pointed out I'm like a kid waiting for
my mom after baseball practice right now
when she gonna get here no she's coming
it's okay she's coming don't worry guys
you can go it's totally fine she's
coming wouldn't be normal dude driving
if I didn't get lost right I like
driving ten minutes in the wrong
direction huh I'm arguing with Charles
about it because he said it's on the
left-hand side and he never said I had
to turn right so I turned left drove
down the runway
boys in their directions so today
actually yesterday but as the fuck Earth
Day we uploaded our first episode of
season two of drunk gaming we're Justin
in if you guys don't know drunk gaming
is where Ali adjusts and get drunk and
play video okay like it's honestly our
favorite a little project that we do
it's so funny even to even in season two
you guys still think they're faking it
because I don't know why we would fake
it you guys have seen the blogs we have
gotten drunk in the vlogs I don't know
why we would fake it for drunk gaming
but I mean let's put the rest they are
drunk it is not they are not acting
they're not that good of actors it's
it's reality it's it's not we're not
that good of actors none of us make sure
to go check out episode 1 we're gonna do
them every Tuesday on Ali's channel
which is youtube.com slash Ali I'm just
gonna continue reading the comments cuz
there he is like just picking stuff up
being a good Samaritan and everything
hey hottie
can I get you number
and that internet is how you pick up
random hotties on park benches they even
bring you potato salad it works I just
taught you about you just honk at them
do you honk at them and you can't call
it works every time apparently uh uh
blue pool now we gotta keep it blue
oh it's I see that you guys MIT oh never
mind okay that's all right really cool
yeah you just missed the cookies the
thumbs that give you cookies don't eat
my fingers please gentle thank you being
a man doing man thing setting up man
stuff my dad always tells me how to
clean my pool and it always works
whenever I try and take care of it
myself look dude don't know what's wrong
this really green he's like you do this
I'm like oh yeah whoops you're looking
for that Gator that we saw you looking
for your Gator buddy I don't think he's
in there I don't mean he's in there but
I don't think he's up it's too hot he's
capturing the big fish oh my gosh stinky
water oh my God look a biggie is I what
do you guys remember when we bought that
little goldfish I was like oh it's a
tiny little goldfish it won't get that
big seriously he's ginormous my little
white fish that I nursed back to health
the one that has the Nemo fin
yep you still kicking or fishing or
swimming
oh good I mean just kidding okay my turn
bitch
I win
I know no I know he calls me but I
wouldn't first the girl who brought me
yeah oh yeah you're all the time never
mind I should start in here
good morning guys wait it's 9:00 9:40 at
night oh I slept all freakin day yeah so
I just woke up Ali and everybody will
get to go to have Taco Tuesday and I was
sleeping I was just like no just go it's
fine I don't need tacos I don't want
them then who wants tacos idiot
the lyrics of sleep over here I'm not
gonna miss talk about Tuesday I'm making
my own and I got my little chef's over
you're helping me you guys doing good
yep
don't be bored look at that there's my
first time ever making anshel enchiladas
enchiladas not entre la vez sorry I
don't know is the recipe good is it good
okay
recipe okay sweet okay miss Taco Tuesday
but I'm redeeming myself those look
freaking good right and they were made
enchiladas before that was look freaking
awesome having some American Ebury have
a marinara
so two things before I go to bed first
Alex found the video when yesterday's
vlog where I said I couldn't remember
the last time we were at the Detroit
Airport flashing lights a little like
strobe light looking things
it's called scariest person ever you
would go to our Channel go to the little
channel thing I don't know where it is
and then search the scariest person ever
that was the last time we were at a
Detroit Airport which leads me to
believe that the CTFxC is the most
hardcore group of people ever I can
literally say something like hey you
guys were a little lost time I stub my
toe you guys you would figure it out and
that is amazing to me that is absolutely
amazing for really honestly two reasons
one that you're able to like find it so
quick and two that the last four years
are chronologically documented pretty
awesome it's a new thing right like
we're the first generation that's gonna
be doing this this is never existed
before ever like when your parents first
said I remember wouldn't call our TV
first came out and I watched Gilligan's
Island
by the way rest in peace Gilligan it's
kind of crazy to think about technology
and like when it changes and like being
on the verge of the change is really
fascinating I know it's kind of like
crazy to think about like but we're
living in the time of change you don't
have the transition like internet killed
television uh-uh
Internet is the future embrace it let's
go
stop cleaning the frickin kitchen all
right hi it's me Siri
Charles is a dummy and fell asleep again
and since that last robot Eddie had
claimed his love for Ally Charles
decided to unplugged him so yeah anyway
I'm here to tell you to go watch two new
drunk gaming ally uploaded to her
channel I really don't want to get
unplugged so please go watch it screw it
you know what well to Noah's secret
there is a new short design coming they
don't want you to know but I'm going to
tell you anyway
never mind what she said go watch that
video
move along
with Joe Trippi
with charity
over here
