then break it and breaking it braking
hey guys operations balloon rescue wait
and drive to work sir stop wobbling this
hole come on pre check again
well it looks like only half of the
Wi-Fi boys that pre-check there that's
weird
I think it might be random oh well I get
to the gate first where the heck are we
gonna be Toby
bTW where's that it's 8:00 in the
morning
I'm calling Allie she picked up
you gotta hold the phone there we go no
that's your shoulder okay Zoe fun that
was that one that you two seconds
one more one two three that was three
seconds guys my private talk about my
ankle Jay oh god Jay reflection oh God
Marly are you leading the way you
leading the way outside her poor stomach
is so disgusting she just really I've
talked about it a couple of times she's
super like allergic to the grass or
something I'm not sure
come on Zoe Shh well I guess she doesn't
wanna come so Miley is like super
allergic to some allergen that's in this
type of grass that we have which is like
st. Augustine and every single time she
goes outside she ends up like itching
hold belly her legs and everything so
you have to like bathe her all the time
and she's on antibiotics right now it
just sucks I feel really badly but she
gets it every single summer guys
remember this on our last brasil trip
it's been a while since we've been in
this little tunnel
I remember this thing's awesome
like yay here's a fun little pop quiz
that I don't know the answer to what was
the last time we were at this Airport in
this tunnel when we walked through this
tunnel here's a hint I think I made an
iPhone video so put in the comments and
see you can do it first careful
oh boy tiny plane not a fan of these
well just put this down now there we go
there's 12 rows you got yourself by
yourself congratulations Charles you
don't have lice I should get this for
Ally so she likes cheese so much is that
a cheese cowboy hat Eddie you're such a
cheese ball don't judge SEO she perfect
I don't think we're supposed to be here
oh my god best part of this movie ever
I love this part and when it spits on
him
freakin Dennis and Nedry no one likes
jettison injury to the loser such a
douche
oh that's blurry candy what are you
doing what are you doing you're leaning
up against that
your happy kid what oh boy oh oh hi does
it feel nice CTFxC kitty look at that
face you are so precious
all my goodness I'm gonna cry you're the
sweetest a little cat we're doing a
total revamp of the fish tank it's
completely disgusting right now so we
don't norton sir that's not that's not a
road
is lost we do the same thing yeah
probably
sir Zod you realize you're on a campus
all right what you got there Trev I got
a poster the other poster it's Justin
Bieber all right good it's bad away if
you throw it in here we'll take it throw
by the hole throwing today not a single
fuck was given an agent Probert
found it
on a level of there we go all that work
we finally found it
so we were just outside with the doggies
playing by the lake and I noticed these
two little eyeballs
I asked Jessie if it looked like a gator
and she said she didn't know and then it
started moving and I could see its
little snout and its back it's probably
three feet long there's a gator in my
lake this freakin Gator is coming right
over to my yard he's getting closer and
closer you little freaking psycho you
better get out of here
these dogs are totally oblivious they
have they have no idea it is thoth it is
fun watching them it is watching my dogs
wait till the dogs see it the Italian
sausage is a mustache a break flat
though being dressed by a giant hot dog
how does it make you feel
I need long sleeves we had to stop her
fun apparently you can't wear those
things unless you don't have tattoos and
we couldn't tell if he was being serious
or not so we had to stop putting tattoos
and mascots don't don't mix but I got to
live my brief dream as a kid of being a
giant hot dog do the echo hey hey you
reading The Hunger Games drunk gaming
season 2 episode 1 is going live on
Ali's channel YouTube icon so Sally I'll
put a link down there I'm right now
finishing up everything so I can get
that online before I leave and get on
the plane make sure to go to Ali's
Channel and watch the first episode of
season 2 we're basically doing I'm not
gonna tell you the game you have to go
and watch it
but we're rebooting it so it's gonna be
every Tuesday on Ali's channel a new
episode of drunk gaming so I've got to
finish that now and then I gotta go play
a show and then gotta get some sleep if
you have any ideas of what games that
you want them to play for gaming go over
the video and give them ideas in the
comments look at all these friends hello
alright so justin is showing me another
web-based game I feel like I'm missing
out like not playing these games like
slender happy wheels but check this out
this is co-op I'm sure all of you guys I
know this is but he basically like qmw
control legs
OMP control calves thighs and then
calves that's how I do this is hope oh
my god go go go go you're so close oh my
god you're like inching pull split your
Terry go I'm gonna split the hallway and
look at that balance you look like a
long jumper when they start oh yeah this
game is awesome I think you can
for drunk gaming for sure Zoe are you
friends with Mario I think your ass is
kind of all up in their business maybe
just a little bit well we just found out
it is still is it's still raining this
still raining right now and as of now
they have canceled the show oh by the
way we got a new meme guys it's Cosby
here we go here we go made it a bunch of
guys stayed back to a little I can't
believe we just put up it you guys are
gonna have a party here tonight and they
actually did how are you
that's a lovely face the gorilla
elevator up there's Marlee how's she
feeling she's feeling better that's good
hi Dori I should probably eat the bed
now so I had the most sleep possible I'm
gonna do a reverse bed flop was that
kind of elegant
I feel like Coco right now it's like
okay the secret phrase this what is the
first word that comes to your head right
now mine's grasshopper the first word
that just came in my head but I just
said that was grasshopper Oh what is
yours tell me in the comments all right
enjoy the new video guys
goodnight hello it's me again since
Charles is like an airplane again
because he's a turkey he asked for me to
remind you to check out the brand-new
episode of drunk gaming Alley is really
excited and says she hopes you like it
there will be a new episode every
Tuesday on a less YouTube channel go
check it out click the Box in the middle
of the screen to press Start also you
should tell Charles he sucks just
kidding hahahaha I'm a jokester but
seriously go watch the new episode of
drunk gaming and don't forget to
subscribe on her channel she's very
pretty and I sorted have a crush on her
okay I got a penis go enjoy the video
wait
giddy with y'all trippin
we're easy at that
with trippy an alley
