hey guys morning yeah that's a.m. but
morning oh it's too early for Marla to
be on camera right now
so Lauren is driving me to the airport
or driving me to Danny's then I can go
to the airport it's only 4:00 in the
morning now no it's copyrighted I
already did my my vandals happy birthday
oh yeah you can do like do a little
variation and then with that and then
thought like copy written it's vegan
which whoever owns that copyright is a
genius look at that face you dude so
it's really early
when Starbucks isn't even open Oh Danny
pulls up and this is blasting in his car
you got a little ball around
nobody's lying around it's style
pre-approved again shoes on belt on keys
on add-on jackpot it's true they new so
they just let us through really nobody
in this line we just wanted to do it on
share principle to see if we could again
I don't know how it happened but its
greatest gift that Airport gods can give
us thank you
we don't really yesterday I was talking
about like when you check-in like if the
by side my right side of my left side is
more comfortable I made the right
decision
that is a gorgeous sunrise
this morning we rushed down after a
night of lovely beverage enjoyment and a
car is packed full of lovely ladies who
are very fashionable so they have
suitcases that take up the whole trunk
space so I am using my ballet skills
getting all the good insider tips and
stories from me auntie it's really cool
actually
dots family came over from France on
upon him both and they came to Ellis
Island so it's really cool she has it
all behind the lids there's a fairy
there she is
Lady Liberty of course of course yeah if
I can't get asleep I'm just gonna fight
it with a lot of coffee now let's go
over to wherever a heckler go
I'm so artsy wait am I even in the right
every time I every time I get like
really get into filming in the airport I
always end up in the wrong places
this is cool $500,000 top prize wow that
is awesome oh look at this list I don't
know if you guys will see this what it
says yeah what do you do
what's spider
you're just walking it
mr. dude just walking around and the
girl the road there's a giant spider
here sure there is Travis
the man the myth so in purchasing
purchase so we have every one two three
four five that's the way miss Morissette
there she is
I thought her that teamwork hey I like
it every time we get to a green room
that we all go into separate groups
there's the sleeping group then there's
the computer group the chicken group and
the sandwich group and then the sitting
group lazy group run baby run get you
back here yeah you're protected you have
gates I can't believe how awesome it
feels right now this is how it feels in
the winter in Florida but up here it's
just the summer and it still feels like
this it's awesome nice stage setup too
but there's apparently a soccer game so
they can have to be like super quiet
those gonna go check it out and see
what's going on oh yeah he'll get it
eventually
oh there we go
the secret's out that's all you'd be
Danny and horse
check out this sweet so I actually was
able to get on a flight out of LaGuardia
today so I'm gonna be going home which
is really exciting because Marley is
having some allergies going on she's
totally fun we got medicine for her but
I just really want to go home and take
care of her especially you know well
Charles is traveling so I'm gonna go
home and take care of her and actually
um couple our layover in the airport and
I just bought the Hunger Games so it's
like I'm Way behind on the trend here
but I saw the movie already and I loved
it but I just really wanted to read the
actual books I don't know if I ever told
you guys this but my dad used to work in
avionics for Delta and this is the
Atlanta Airport like really old airport
sign and I used to look at this every
single time I would come to see my dad
at work and every time I fly into this
Airport I always look at it and I
remember when I lived here all boss you
suck let's just get riding here that's a
great town man clear all right we just
need a five yard game all right five for
the first five I can run it all the way
let's give it the nerd Rock I'll go play
it
mm-hmm right down the center now Koli is
a beautiful mining the white board is
that a real equation no but it looks
good right yeah it does actually
Internet I don't know this could be
something
it's Kohli stumble upon something can
you guys solve this and I see a lot of
you guys
back in 48 yeah you finally made it home
so stinkin late but I'm finally back in
Florida
got a bumper hell me hi where's Ted I
wonder if he's sleeping it's pretty late
he's coming he's coming down the
homestretch oh I think he's gonna make
it
hey Teddy oh he's saying hi hello you
guys this is a first in history he
turned around oh my god he never does
this turns out he just stopped and
turned around it was like looking at the
camera I had to show you guys this is
what scooter just said do you see what
you've started you find a common
denominator to figure out the top
equation though that's true
Yoshi's doing a bunch of math problems
don't judge us don't judge me those
smokers all those smokers just smoking
out there you feel better though how
many days are you on stop clapping for
Yoshii because it's too hot
boom outside the party got a nice little
mixture of food and videogames it's like
it was awesome to see now but the thing
is you can't lose here you can just have
more fun you see all the casinos should
be like this there's a lot more fun so
if you lose money you still play the
games well I guess casinos are like that
nevermind special thanks you say
they look at a champion Wow I just found
this game that simply paid for wasn't me
surprise forevers playing right now we
get a discount wasn't really good at
this down and out
going on
all right so we have 692 yeah I can't
get spider-man now let's see everything
so how do they think of the prices
stickers you get two packs of stickers
Oh sharing that ball see kids this is
why you never share ever made it out so
today was Charles's birthday I didn't
even mention end of long because it made
me really super sad I was tweeting all
day about it but I didn't talk about it
because I was super bummed that I wasn't
able to be around him like it really
sucks
I really wanted to be near him on his
birthday and I was trying to device this
whole plot of how to get to Rhode Island
to see him but he was like in the middle
of nowhere and there was no way I was
gonna be able to get there on time from
New York but I have a really really
awesome present that I got for him and I
think that you guys are gonna love it
and I know he's gonna love it so I'm
pretty pretty stoked for that but yeah
it's a bummer if you haven't already
West Charles a happy birthday go wish
him a late happy birthday alright guys
thank you so much for watching and I'll
see you tomorrow
happy birthday honey love you thank you
guys all day I was reading amazing
amazing wonderful things that you guys
were writing on the comments of the
videos on our Facebook page and out on
Twitter you guys are so sweet and so
nice and it's so supportive of
everything we've done thinking about the
past 7 years of my life what I always
say when I started this little internet
thing and never knew would you know
would come to all this stuff right and
just thinking the past like year out how
crazy this past year has been how its
had its ups you know getting married and
it's downs and you guys were there you
guys were there supporting us I know you
guys don't probably think that you kind
of do just by writing comments and stuff
like that but we read them and we take
it to heart you guys are amazing people
and although I'm not home you know
spending my birthday with my family and
my wife and my two little bitches you
guys are kind of helping me you know by
saying all these nice things online it's
one of I just stepped in gum are you
kidding me
in the middle of my moment I step in
some assholes go I couldn't work out
better
you guys are awesome thank you guys so
much it was a fun day I couldn't be home
but is that alley right there so thank
you guys for all the warm messages and
we got one more show tomorrow I think
we're in someone Wisconsin and then I'll
be back home but I want to break this
ready ready
I had to break it again I love all you
see tefik sears and yeah I will see you
tomorrow morning
hi brightener like I got I got on a
freaking plane again I guess
yes
with child tripping
we're Cynthia
with charity
don't forget Zoey are
