we are trying to get up to Manhattan
right now and it's hilarious because we
were like trapped trying to get into the
subway we can get the machine to work
and it was this a whole crazy ordeal but
now we're finally down here and then we
were standing on the run set of tracks
because it's the weekend so the trains
run differently cuz there's maintenance
so if I I figured it out we're gonna get
to my hat today I think I hope hey guys
I'm checking in for my flights tomorrow
tomorrow's my birthday but I also have a
show the second and the third checking
in on my flights is so we're so funny
cuz I still to this day don't remember
you know if a B or C D or E or F of what
sides what you know what I mean I know
what the middle seats are I don't know
if you guys do this but every time I
check in and select my seats is what I
do I look and I'm like okay so one a or
okay okay there's two it was a to D or
two years something like that
I literally before I hit it I literally
go like this like a mimics sleeping I go
okay that's not as comfortable and kind
of strange right here okay there we go
that's not like me to sleep on my right
side okay every morning I have to check
in for a flight I do that cuz it changes
sometimes this o-rings saved me morning
I think Zoey's half-snake she just licks
I think just to smell oh yeah so every
morning it changes so sometimes this is
not comfortable and this is more
comfortable I might be alone on this one
but I thought that was good funny and I
know what this is but it's awesome it's
really cool the whole side of the
building is like made of junk it's
looks really awesome I have no idea
within ago because I can't read so dot
pointed out that it is it's Canada
awesome look at the piano holy crap
that's so cool
oh look he blew himself I'm a beep at
you
I sort of forgot that this is a Hispanic
name there's so many
already Meg sounds so pretty
Club mmm has black street bouncers it's
really funny they're like guys with
beards
hey you're not feeling so good all right
I'm gonna go to the vet and get you new
medicine okay
I don't even want to look at the camera
not even gonna look at it oh okay I'm
kind of looking at it
nope not gonna look at it okay we're
back I'm back I'm back I got some
neosporin for you that's for your belly
okay can't eat it and more antibiotics
you can't eat that you're not supposed
to eat it you almost didn't make that
vomited do you want your medicine okay
well how do you want it well cheese or
turkey no I didn't say ice cream now did
say pizza why I have to buy this wallet
this is the coolest thing ever just so
you guys know they have a pair of boxers
you run into everyone she's crazy stunt
driver Baby Mario driving the wrong way
down the track hey this is awesome oh no
you're gonna oh yeah
look at that what's it yelling the road
you got a boost oh you like this game
it's really hard to understand that
concept of like moving
you know you're turning around it
yourself when you turn into moving I
love Kirby she amy was kicking ass in
bari okay I love when people play for
the first time the game was like the
another giant stroke but whatever the
thing is that it's like the motion
sensor and like they turn their whole
body like we go to like look around
corners and stuff I love when people are
playing games and they're like
interacting it's so funny oh it looks so
good all right this was worth 25 bucks
that is beautiful
that's like all of Central Park that's
so cool
is this very impressive dad no it's
actually really funny you can see across
it's all right you can see across the
way and you can see the Empire State
Building across the way which is so hot
it's like everybody's up there looking
at us we're walking through Central Park
I look across one of the lawns
there is a woman who is Sailor Moon here
that's interesting that's really crazy
like I wonder what she's ranked then I
noticed that there are two sailor moons
Anna Scott Venus and Sailor Mars and
they're all going crazy wigs and outfits
it's awesome is that Sailor Jupiter I
can every remember dude this is awesome
oh my god I'm so cool every time Ali
leaves I feel like I'm back in college
because it's not so much craziness but I
just don't want to do certain things
like for example I don't have any clean
plates
so rather than cleaning a plate I just
use Tupperware lids come on I'm not the
only one I know I'm not the only one I
remember when I was in college I usually
use like everything from like like
coffee you know the coffee stuff the
filter to just the filter that to using
like tops of actual like pots and pans
it was pretty interesting racing guys on
La Boris
I win it
one more one more one more
I am the superior racer have another cab
take me here but I thought it'd be kind
of funny cuz remember her a long time
ago we used to do those videos where I
would set up the camera at the house and
we could we could like record the dogs
and just see what they were doing I
wanted to see if I'll finding some
really good cameras and doing that
because I think the footage would be
actually pretty priceless
so I wanted to see if I could find
something maybe do that there is this
Charles's dream oh you like my weird
glasses - I feel a little bit like
really well good but you know what you
guys already know I wear weird stuff so
here's just another good thing today is
just a rock filled day I was the top of
the rock now I'm on top of rock
get it there she is Shake Shack but
we're not gonna go because we already
ate it's not good for us so we're gonna
like it's really hard for me to walk
away from that but anyway we're gonna go
and see half of not these two again and
I'm super excited to do that and also
check that out flat iron subway I'm just
naming things I'm looking at them
there's all these amazing cupcakes and
wait a minute wait a minute whoa whoa a
video real freaking life so much well
anyway we love you I'm I'm alright
it's delicious it's delicious so that
was our friend Sean he is part of half
of not these two again and I'm sad make
it one there let me meet him okay yeah
cupcakes
gives Oh oh that was smooth
catholic quick move in my house i never
knew there was a girl version it's the
naked cowgirl
she looks pretty tough naked well not
really she's in a bathing suit but I
guess she's making compared to the rest
of what the people are wearing here
Oh busy all the time I've been here in
so many different times of the year it's
always past and you guys remember all
those years ago we did that Andy Samberg
prank right on those stairs
I was really funny actually do you
remember what video that was a because I
totally don't but if you can find it
tell me in the comments what day was I
don't remember
I have never seen column right like that
does not make me want to eat it any more
than I normally do not want to eat it
it's holy crap that's huge
there's no way I'm eating all that
that's like a meal for eight people but
I'm gonna try sig oh man no you could
actually see what I do some bad stuff
yeah now I'll be able to see when you do
bad stuff I've gotta see it like what
there's a laser it's a laser pointer
that's awesome the shadow monster will
it get your face what are you doing oh
there's a dead fish there's a bunch of
dead fishes is that what you were
looking at Zoe well don't fall in shirk
bait hooah
come on crap there's another one and
another one some poisoning you're kind
of facing the wrong way
so I think we're gonna go that I've
never been on top of the rock maybe
we'll see Tina Fey you know when I check
in you know selected my seats and all
that fun stuff look at the time I am
flying out at 6:00 in the morning so
that means I have to wake up at like
3:30 in the morning and get to the
airport by 4:00 in the morning so I
decided to have a nice relaxing evening
and Marley come on come on
okay well it was relaxing until Marley
starts eating our neighbors tomatoes
again time to pack since we have a show
tomorrow and the third lovely it's only
two days so I get to become the fourth
you know celebrate my birthday with Ali
and all that all my family and stuff so
I got a pack for two days I don't even
feel like I should bring another bag I
feel like I just throw that in my
backpack right you know just one shirt
one pair of pants one pair of underwear
one pair of socks right I can make that
work right no it's not work talking oh
yes ladies and gentlemen that is
definitely a stormtrooper a little
better so we just found out that the
cake from My Big Fat Greek Wedding was
made at this cafe that we just ate at
which is where you go yeah yeah yeah
time to go to bed isn't the earliest
I've gone to bed and so long it's ten
o'clock right now I'm still so wired
from the coffee that I drank earlier but
I know if I don't get a little bit of
sleep I'm gonna bar a fall asleep on the
stage tomorrow because we're playing I
don't know we're in Rhode Island but
we're playing in Rhode Island and then
the next day we're somewhere in
Wisconsin just make sure to follow me on
Twitter and I'll try to let you guys
know and speaking of Twitter thank you
guys so much for just like bombing me on
Twitter with all the happy birthdays
it's not even it's not even September
2nd as of right now it's only 10 o'clock
on the first and you guys are still so
nice so thank you thank you guys so much
I really appreciate it it really means a
lot you know what tomorrow's video means
my tradition if you know what I'm
talking about what I do every year for
my birthday tell them in the comments
you'll see tonight guys I'm gonna call
Ally and then go to bed bye guys
it's coming our way
yes
finale
it would be an early don't forget so
anymore
