all packed up for the first time in a
long time I'm not going to the airport
well I'm kind of going to the airport
but I'm not flying anywhere all right
love you
so I just got out the flights or
oversold there might be another Ally 6pm
poor thing fingers crossed that doesn't
happen I don't have any fingers across
so you have to talk some warming his
head
I love him what are you doing now we're
going back to bed dude no golf cart ride
it's good bet all right so Ali's on a
plane to New York City right now I did
you go to bed you ready ready let's go
back to but i'll see you guys in a
little bit okay in the blink of an edit
I'll be right back Oh guys is this like
the matrix or something am I gonna meet
up with like a really nice indian family
and they're going to tell me that their
little girl is like the one or something
i met my first blade that if i wanted to
try to get to view our 20 minutes
secret super
train I love this thing
try and get there
Caitlyn she's going to be
New York as well James it's a lot but
I'm not
ok
ed edit see wasn't so bad I feel
victorious because it's gonna be the
first time I've actually got my pool
clean from the green state you really
mean almost there almost there there you
got a little hitchhiker oh you have a
dingleberry wanted to get off still
there just go poop somewhere I'll cloud
oh ok so i may or may not be stopped
from doing across i just saw him in the
atlanta airport news for sure here i
just walked by him throwing a hat and
now i'm looking for people wearing hats
and I want him to think I'm starting but
I totally a.m. maybe yes in this
terminal and again let's keep looking
we're gonna find him so one of my best
friends all I just invited me to the
taping of Jon Stewart here in Tampa I
was like what shirt should I wear of
course should definitely try to wear
that shirt don't you think watch it
actually gets on TV it'd be awesome her
I gotta go youtube let's go she's
falling asleep right now and the wide
shot just froze the servo asleep what a
lazy puppy
danji down
uh-oh stupid Atlanta Airport always does
that all right let's try this again
hello Philadelphia a little bit closer
to New York else we buttoned up there in
Philadelphia now
I'm going to make it to New York tonight
eventually I think I hope can upload
some tips now I was like so bummed that
I didn't talk to David Cross I looked up
a picture of him later it's so creepy
I'm totally stalking him and totally has
a tattoo on his left arm and the guy did
it was totally David Cross and I didn't
say hi to know he's like one of my
favorite comedians and actors so I'm an
idiot that sucks oh well maybe I'll run
until next time I'm in Atlanta us new
cushion can be used for flotation no to
her those equations love it slice it to
your jam coming to our fighter this
dress and show me that is one yellow
truck so we're in downtown Tampa that
glad that sorry i can't speak today yeah
we're at um we're in downtown right now
we're gonna go to the jon stewart taping
ollie ingest got some extra ticket yeah
we're at um we're in downtown right now
we're gonna go to the jon stewart taping
ollie ingest got some extra tickets that
was actually in punisher the one was a
really bad one John Travolta guys don't
remember that one you don't remember
that slip your mind yeah the last time
we were here remember was the flight of
the conchords we went and watched flight
of the conchords were at the same place
again John Seward tickets are actually
one of the hardest tickets to get to I
think so recording the shows every
single time I go to New York I always
try to get it so I'm pretty pumped right
now he actually comes to our hometown
and we get to go and I just talked to
Ali apparently she's stalking
celebrities right now she found David
Cross at the Atlanta Airport and she's
been college I don't know if it's am I
don't know i'm just like just have your
phone ready and just you know they gon
camera motor just take a quick photo he
won't mind
I think she lost him though I don't know
little stalker this is the art museum
guy looks like a giant apple store
doesn't it there's a giant lizard online
billing don't freak out just keep
walking wow you guys remember there's
candy cigars I should get these for
Yoshi oh my god I'm getting this I'm
definitely getting this for Yoshi oh my
god i want to install this in my house
every serial match oh my god a
jawbreaker jelly beans all right my
little confused the licorice jelly bean
is actually almost gone hold on I gotta
had a cigarette
what do they market these the kids are
ridiculous
it tastes like chalk
this is gonna be awesome apparently
we're gonna be in the front so it's easy
for pretty stoked oh man i don't think
i'll bring you in with me this is
amazing that bright light is the moon so
secret place to hide it's a bunker what
if someone comes and finds me in here
they're gonna think I'm still weird well
we just finished watching the recording
it's still quite new to talk about like
they cut so much out to the show that's
how I ever errors and even a little bit
more of the play the bleep the cussing
does a pretty funny the Holy Souls area
i was always say we've spending 20 it's
true and it was awesome it's a cool set
to I don't
we went to with the flight of conchords
a little smaller but this is cool one of
the better ones I've been keeping
quickest
when we were there you can't have your
phones on and your cameras on for
obvious reasons I tried to I tried to
sneak a couple clips and stuff like that
here here's what I tried to sneak asherz
so obviously that didn't work out the
second I turn my phone back on allie
sent me like 12 text messages because
she thought she found her so solid David
Cross and this is what she wrote didn't
get a pic of David Cross though I
managed a steel piece of his hair when
he walked by and now i can come on them
so if you ever wanted your David Cross
clone you can come to us we're gonna
start selling them hi twerps hi hi Oh
obviously just got home that was that
was a lot of fun I've been like i said
earlier today i've been trying to go see
jon stewart for years like years i've
been watching it for so long and I've
always been trying to get tickets she
just never could do it and I'm really
stoked that was a lot of fun now well
it's like nine o'clock now got a couple
hours we'll see if we can find me on TV
cuz it's supposed to supposed to air
today right just got out of shower look
at this oh they are so funny how they
get under things look at this they know
how to just like burrow under things and
warm themself out it's pretty adorable
actually haha woo I was Dan I was there
just a few hours ago can you see me can
you see me know lame
by those who seek to dance upon Sandra
it's kind of cool since I was able to
actually film the live thing you could
just see it blah blah baby hello I don't
know why I'm trying to talk over yeah
party libido for James Oh should find
everybody which I doubt it hey guys meet
us until there what yes seriously boss
was like the hottest a little girl I
Cameron are you can see our in club cab
we finally found a person who was able
to take us where we need to go and
that's the end to a very long day for me
was the girls look like they had a lot
of fun and I really missed that because
I was next to that sir and oh we're here
ok this looks like a hotel Mangena tin
man none Oh Joey DNA gosh you're doing
in school I actually don't see it but I
heard it was here again you have to look
an alphabetical I know it's here I know
I'm corny oh you're cut off man all
right I love you guys well it's time to
go to bed I will see you guys tomorrow
today was awesome I just talked to Ali
she is safe in New York she met up with
everyone so that's good she's not stuck
at the airport and all that fun stuff
the secret phrase today is actually more
of a question than actually as a phrase
I recently was told this a majority of
people put their peanut butter on their
peanut butter and jelly sandwiches on
first before their jelly I want to see
if there's anyone else that actually
puts jelly on first and then peanut
butter so in the comments today tell me
if you put peanut butter and then jelly
or just jelly and peanut butter we'll
see what we can do with this good night
see you tomorrow guys
what he did
it's coming over Yardley wait
hey where's ePSXe
giddy with y'all trippin
yes with trusted me
don't forget to go anymore
