good morning guys
what tell the internet Marley oh the
ignore cold see when you when you come
visit America you get to go shopping
friends I didn't know this was all in
here I haven't been back here in a while
I move shit most of it to the warehouse
but we have just like a couple left in
the house how did I get in this bathroom
hey this is my own swears Panera
experience she we told her it was gonna
be a half salad and a half sandwich and
I think she thought it was gonna be a
lot smaller in the back it's good right
it's hot out there wow that was like
overcast and I started running I'm like
okay okay yep I'm gonna die out here Q
sign okay okay I just had this ten
dollar bill and now he owned gave me
this cuz she owed me like some money and
she has a really old ten dollar bill so
I haven't seen one of these in a really
long time and it looked so weird like
the colors are different and the font is
totally different everything is
different like the picture is different
it's so weird
I've always wondered you know like why
people like I don't know why it like
shoes go up on the telephone poles like
this or the wires does anyone know why
it's always like one of those kind of
maybes ago right a passage or just I
don't want to throw them away
I want to make art at any rate hopefully
nobody steps on dog poop looks like it
might rain again
the clouds are awesome got always
appreciate your surroundings guys even
the little things Christopher Columbus
was here no way
it's just funny to me that we've changed
his name like every other person history
of dogwood kept it pretty much the same
but there's still not Cologne how did we
get Christopher Columbus out of that I
don't know yeah so uh Cologne this is
Mary Owens first time and I wanted to
take her to get you know it's just like
a really good chocolate which is what
she got and I'm probably going to get
something that I shouldn't what else is
new although my mom's I got some for
Charles I got like all the flavors and I
told my but he likes like lemon and mint
and pistachio and coffee so hopefully I
was looking for a pair of black skinny
jeans I found a pair that I really like
and sometimes what the heck what did it
rain
that's why I love Florida KITT literally
right across the street and you would
never you wouldn't you wouldn't even
know one of my favorite memories as a
kid was when I was at my friend's house
and he lived down the street from my
parents house I could see the rain in
the field next to his house I was like
oh crap I got a run so I started running
home and no joke as if it was chasing me
I was running I was outrunning a rain
like I could look behind me it was
pouring behind me and in front of me it
was completely sunny and the second I
got my parents garage and to start
pouring it was probably the most badass
thing I've ever did as a kid I was out
running an explosion they could have I
would easily be the coolest thing I've
ever done in my entire life but it was
rain so it's only someone - I was trying
on an interesting dress right now I told
her she has to show us even if it's
really weird oh my god that is so
adorable I want you to get it make all
the boys jealous when you are so pretty
water is so far out and it's still a red
flag flying I'm not sure why it's still
red flag that my own is actually seeing
the beach nice today and they're in
their shorts Oh
all right well I was about to say that
I'm an idiot and my pants got wet and
now my pants are pretty much white up to
my knees so now that might as well just
go in the water my clothes right damn it
so everyone is going to be very
surprised because I have really good mic
on for Charles and I have a really good
little cookies for the dogs so I come
bearing gifts
hey Tom wait food
Wow I'm not waiting they're so pretty
which one's not men this is part that
isn't it you don't like mint oh no I
thought you liked that don't get her
that's pistachio Oh
marlis like I will leave the pistachio I
will leave that uh-oh
you really don't like it I really
appreciate the thought though very copy
one great I totally failed on all these
Ivan it's a gesture it's like a
marshmallow yeah I get it
yeah okay what's wrong sir Charles
clearly is not a soldier and he doesn't
appreciate fine French sandwich cookies
give me any donor oh god I want a donut
look quite a crepe is French crappy what
a crappy alright Allie's at home she's
trying to get the seat if X in him up so
she doesn't miss it so I had to actually
take a cab here and I'm because
basically when I was in LA nowhere was
that I was in Vegas I think was in Vegas
I was leaving Caesars Palace I think was
on the blog I for some reason don't know
how I did it but I lost my son Glenn so
I want to see if they're gonna replace
it cuz it's gonna bogus right these are
brand new so I'm gonna do I'm gonna do
some sweet-talking you think it'll work
think how much do you think do you think
we'll get him replaced you're on my side
right team Charles keep Charles that
team sunglass place those are cool what
do you think you can tell they they
still have not been fixed but I am in
the midst of so he talking the girl I'm
actually using the vlog because they
broke I think
two weeks out of the warranty apparently
I'm just out of the warranty and I'm
using the vlog because I filmed when it
actually broke I'm trying to prove to
them that I wasn't lying I'm like oh I'm
not lying at all like seriously here's
the flaw this is where it actually broke
she's calling the manager and I might
actually use the vlog footage they
actually could disappear see totally
broke within the warranty if the vlog
actually makes this work I am going to
be so blown away well guys I got some
bad news they didn't let me keep my old
case when they gave me new ones I can't
believe it actually worked
yep my sweet-talking did it that's what
I like to think I just think that she
was really nice and I showed her the
vlog and everything so who actually
thought I was gonna be victorious he
deserve lots of thumbs up so good right
now
now I gotta know I gotta call Ally more
good news on top of my victorious
sunglass event I still can't believe
that worked
he sent me these a long time ago when I
was actually on Warped Tour
called stair up odds I've actually been
using them for a very long time as you
can see do guys remember that toilet
that we had to deal with them tour bus I
was right there you had to brush your
teeth right next to the toilet and
you're basically you know you were in an
area like this like that Matt closer
believe it or not in the bathroom there
are things called poo particles I go to
the website check it out it's disgusting
your toothbrush is just sitting here
like this hey put some poop particles on
me I'm just trying to give you guys a
visual what they're gonna be doing is
gonna be giving away a bunch of these to
only to the CTFxC only to you guys
because I actually really like these and
I asked them to do a little contest so
what you got to do is click that link
right there at the top of the video
description click that and it takes you
to their Facebook you have to like their
Facebook page go to the wall and go
CTFxC against poop particles just write
it on the wall CTFxC against poop
particles is the guys the theropod I
gotta go through make sure you like
their page and make sure your CTX here I
don't want this to seem like a
commercial I think I just I think this
is a
a really cool product and I wanted to
show you guys actually Ali can
demonstrate this come Vanna White this
got Ali the lovely assistant there we go
oh I just drink a lot of coffee and I
eat beans I need to I need the poop but
look
Ali's toothbrush toothbrush is exposed
yes yeah quick fix your toothbrush clip
it on BAM
I am there's this little vapor guy right
in here you see it so when you clip it
on there
the vapors actually destroy all the
bacteria for example Ali's been using
her about a week and a half and as you
can see it's uh kept all this crap off
of Ali's toothbrush I don't know if
you're like a germaphobe like me I used
to use these things for traveling but
now I just use this little guy I really
only like showing you guys things that I
actually use I actually think that's
pretty cool and this is definitely one
of them
how can you always stop freaking out
when I put the camera on you she's
acting all spastic cuz I'm editing and
I'm not paying attention to her and
she's so crazy she wants to eat I think
but I can't tell and what are you doing
baby yeah because I don't think that
they're telling the truth
these dogs lie about eating all the time
since Ali is leaving tomorrow she's
going to New York City with Marilyn and
do my thing I named Betty Betty on and
Doc to have they're going got the show
heard in New York City
so we're gonna make a nice little dinner
because when I actually when she comes
home I'll be flying out and I won't be
home until the second or third the
world's ugliest tomato you got got a
feel for the right tomato I used to
always think that was like ridiculous
when my mama
now I in the building standards that
they're using freshmen Cirillo
go for it
the store is trying to conserve energy
and turn off the lights and alleys is
running back and forth that gives this
crap I'm trying to be an ally to the ice
cream and they put a blocker
there's no blocker anywhere else except
right where I needed to be
what's in the bag what's in the bag
what's in the like oh what's in the bag
this work our eyes chicken almost kicked
it under there
mmm garlic keeping away the vampires
well gotta meet you want you want some
steak want some ruffled do you want
chips you want some dad don't mind this
oh geez
who says real men can't wear polka dots
I don't know I think and ruffles what do
you think sigh I feel like if I'm
wearing this you need to you need to
wear what like a a beer-guzzling helmet
with kiss the cook instead and some
jeans some cutoff jeans or something no
gender stereotypes here mmm
buffalo mozzarella
it still blows my mind
Marley only likes one toy one toy and
then Zoey just has an array of all his
toys down here yeah I'll take that thank
you
you want that one a or that's you Zoey
oh that's not me I do bird oh poor dope
Oh bother
what is that we need to go he broke one
two three four all right I found a
working one get it how warm is your butt
alright guys well it's time to go to bed
early magic dollar you know super early
don't forget to go and enter the contest
to win those pteropods and all that fun
stuff
links in the description but yeah I will
see you guys tomorrow
however I'm trying good although I hate
that we do all one handed one handed I
got every mr. zhirov video make sure you
go check it out
all the interactiveness it was awesome
alright
the other Garvey waiter
worse yet
giddy with child tripping
with trippy
