mylie it's palpable first day I am
taking over the vlog today because
Charles is going to do me a huge favor
and edit a bunch of videos and she's
never been before and Dawson hasn't been
since we were like the most fun ride
ever and I really wanted to go but I
have so much work to do I have to
basically right now I'm editing the the
skit that's in the Charles Trippy
channel uploaded yesterday so make sure
you go check that out I'll remind you at
the end today I have to edit episodes
one through three of drunk gaming drunk
gaming cuz we're gonna start that next
Tuesday this coming Tuesday CT FX cinema
which is live now on Ali's Channel and
then the vlog that you watched yesterday
it's kind of a lot of lot of editing so
I got these two little editing partners
down there just keeping my feet warm oh
and by the way there's a crack on the
back of this camera so count it how many
how many days was that not broken so I'm
technically destroyed but there is a
crack just don't tell Ally I just saw it
the second I turned this around
yeah it's their turret okay guys first
ride of the day if you want to go on the
glossy click right here click right
there click on the screen to go on this
going there click it click it now right
so now we're gonna go the walkabout
right we're gonna see a kangaroo and a
wallaby and it's gonna be awesome and my
Australian accent is so bad employed
pissing everyone off in the comments
whatever I feel like Marley would be
friends with these guys
I'm pies compatible beep Adam
mene mene bird right there so pretty but
so mean she's like paint paint paint hey
hey guys just picking around in the dirt
wait for it wait for it where does it go
show the baby the baby's in there that
I'm just filming this poor animals
stomach so awesome
has anyone seen my buddy Fred he's about
maybe three feet tall pink got two
skinny legs no bread right look so
pretty so pretty and that's the red that
we're kind of convinced my own to go on
back
Oh
okay guys if you want to right this time
click right here on the screen click the
sheep the logo if you want to light the
SheiKra click it pick it pick it don't
don't don't look at that bug that's not
your monitor click that I've been
editing for about three and a half four
hours and I'm starting to go a little
stir-crazy so I thought it'd be nice
you know maybe they try to do some
laundry and try to pick up so you know
Ali doesn't have to do this frickin
computer what do I do now is off
what is totally different than my other
one what do you put now it'll work right
bored with that come on let's go for
what let's get why are you being so lazy
fine
so are you ready uh you and I'll go come
on you little bball make it lose that
extra poundage Jimmy of those cookies
there how you say hi in dinosaur guys
we're not done yet
let's go Marley let's go we're not done
let's go
thank you Zoey are you okay are you okay
are you okay Marley Marley are you okay
see that's best that dog would flick me
off right now I think she would
did my exercising cleaned up the house
now I'm gonna reward myself with some
coffee as usual I had to get my dip at
that every time my favorite thing and I
always get them here so it's starting to
rain and you know what we just decided
to go in the water eggs we're gonna get
wet anyway so we might as well go so if
you guys want a ride click that sign
right now to read the Congo River rep
it's click it click a sign click on the
side you missed it to it
oh my god their door
well my camera's still working
shorts and so we had to like kind of
make a little sarong for her we've
worked it out so we sort of it up my
clothes are the stinking yeah I got so
I'm the most wet one from him and I
moved into that treatment here I was
like a car and I can't drive hey we're
gonna see how many miles I could drive
this guy I was about to drive away and I
saw this dude cooking in the Sun kind of
cool little capybara oh hey what's up oh
I got a fake I guess save you dude come
on get out there you get a burn up you
gonna burn I'll do don't die yet if you
don't get on this leaf you're gonna have
a bad time all right there I got
caterpillar karma I'm just like racking
up all the different types of karma
yesterday was a baby octopus karma oh
man I wish I could have saved that eel
cuz yo karma would have been pretty
sweet especially if you're in the ocean
by yourself the deal would save you
ttttt try to pretend like it didn't
happen yes I hit myself in the head with
a cup of tea
oK we've convinced her she's gonna go on
the Koopa yeah click right there if you
wanna ride the cool click it click it
I was gonna bomb real cooks throwing up
on that one I ate dippin dots and I went
on a roller coaster not a good idea
did you like it yeah so much you wanna
so I'm really really sad Charles
wouldn't be here we've come here so
often it makes me think a lot of the
first like days of videos that we did
because we used to come here all the
time was so much fun so I'm set aside
here so I totally just forgot to film
that there was a really normal in life I
think she's British you see finished to
me institution she was adorable and she
was wearing a really anxious oh she was
right over the king sure it was really
cute here's what you do in a good luck
messenger that scout out which car is
the fastest and go for that one
I love bumper cars I love the sparks I'm
feeling you're gone down ladies
inexperienced drivers in here so Tiger
here he that's we think tiger let's go
pet him
pounce all - I just got the crap scared
out of me by that one that's sitting in
the tree right there
watch watch him step out in front of
people
yes totally got it
excuse me ma'am your head is getting
eaten Oh count at seven hours right now
I'm starting to lose my mind but you
know so far episodes one through three
of junk gaming it's coming out really
really really hilarious this is going to
launch on Ally's channel you do become
such an ally Aoi on this coming Tuesday
this Tuesday it's coming finally season
two actually don't even know what day
that is hold on what day is this Tuesday
they said all right so yes this Tuesday
September 4th so if you're not
subscribed on Ally's channel you should
you should probably get ready for that
see even though I'm spending a lot of
time editing and you know just working
today it's I feel really awesome like
really productive like a skit I went on
the trellis trippy's channel daily
videos every single day obviously then
Ali has receipt EFX cinema video that
just went live today and then we have
the drunk gaming series coming and then
another special little surprise that's
coming too it just makes me feel so
productive and it's absolutely so
rewarding reading the comments and like
feeding back all your positivity and
stuff like that on the videos definitely
makes all that editing worthwhile tear
sappy Charles what do you bitch is doing
you sniffing sniffing other poop
alright say hi to that you walking let's
go home it's chewy stay back stay back
train
we share athlete so we just found out
that the baby giraffe that was born this
year was born had 6 feet tall when
you're going to 60 tall
they are so stinking adorable oh hey
guys if you want to ride a Cheetah Hunt
like great bear if you want to ride it I
know you want to ride it it's awesome go
from zero to 60 in like less than 4
seconds or whatever click it
my on why is your body so huge watch out
for that one
alright I ran into cheetah that is so
scary
nothing will just kill you so easily
oh he likes that he likes a little kid
over there hey George George you don't
worry you I don't know man he's pretty
well fed I think it's alright I don't
want to hang out over here at least I'm
kind of far away from his mouth that's
pretty good here actually his warm
breath is giving my bum pretty warm till
the time if you want to ride them on to
click on that right there click it ride
with Osiris
do it and ride them on to
I just love it guys don't touch me I
come to this place like every week at
least twice a week it's so good so you
guys still having girl night
oh so you're watching
friends-with-benefits right it's Justin
Timberlake right are you judging they're
bad movie taste that sandwich I made the
other day it was so they get again no
that was an onion you don't like that
business only what a movie comes on come
on she's like fine I'll just jump on
your bed and you want it it's probably
my fault for buying 30 of those things
when I was on tour all right guys well
it's time to go to bed you sleepy get
your water oh do do do do I hope you
guys enjoyed the interactive vlog if you
guys didn't get to go ride all the
roller coasters scroll back through the
video and find little roller coasters
maybe I'll put them in the video
description to make it a little easy you
make a lot of dumb faces you should go
and ride all the roller coasters with a
Lemurian and uh dot dev I asked you guys
on Twitter yesterday if you guys wanted
the interactive videos and you guys did
so I made it I'm going to that I'm going
to the John Stewart and yep that's where
I'm going
I'm going there Friday a secret phrase
tonight
all right all right that's that's all
right this is secret face I know guys
bye hey again it's me
robot Charles said you guys liked me so
much that I should do this again anyway
if you didn't go ride all the roller
coasters in this interactive video you
are Turkey you should go back and watch
em and have fun
also don't forget to check out the new
skate video uploaded yesterday you can
click the gold frame again below to
watch that if you want to watch the
rollercoasters click the video
description lots of videos lots lots fun
penis fun hope you liked bye-bye
yes
which all tripping
with trippy an early
