day two of operation D swap our pool our
pool girls fixing it right now there's
alleys a lot of Manos loves or
mayonnaise
well much hasn't changed I almost just
stepped on this
a little teeth
I almost just stepped on that thing
imagine I almost stepped on that
like it's washing ashore right now I
wonder what its story where it came from
who it belonged to
if it is his
it's a burial
are you hit the ground see it works when
you're in the water
didn't work
have this one the next one this one oh
you know you
wait for the
sweep is all about patience
you're like the little kid who's too
short to reach the water fountain so
they push the button and they go up to
drink it in that shuts off drink it
straight straight straight and let that
down
chug it we're doing drunk gaming episode
2 tonight prepared we're gonna get
pretty first like this
okay it's too pretty drink it oh you
stole one of mine got dibs
my cousin is from France and this is
your first one first daiquiri to try to
justify why what happened Oh doctor was
trying to justify why we're drinking at
like in the afternoon so if you didn't
know doctor actually is twins she has a
twin she is that actually got Ted's twin
but the thing is the story is that
doctor was kicked out of France for
running graffiti on the Eiffel Tower see
that's the thing no she's trying to
stand in a little bit of shade that she
could possibly find do not film that
someone did it down in the middle of the
intersection Charles is on the roof of
the car windshield wipers idiot get off
the car Charles you're an ass so are you
hungry wait where's the food
oh it's over here show me where the food
is it's in here right here oh okay
just in case oh it's right okay good job
all right time to get back to normal
life get this crap out all the freaking
partners why do we still have this thing
why we set this thing on fire it's so
green so I have some fun news I have a
new skit I told you guys I was making
more skits and it's true I have a new
skin it's on youtube.com slash Charles
Trippy I'll remind you guys at the end
of this vlog but basically it's about my
my transition
from coming home from Warped Tour and
Ali helps shoot it and everything I'll
put a link in the video description
but yeah make sure to go check it out
and it's my real life it's you guys
remember this open the eye and
everything it's my real life transition
from torque it's exaggerated well I like
to say super exaggerated but it's mild
exaggeration told you guys you're
motivating me and this is where the
scary spider happened actually in that
bull scene right there all of a sudden
Justin's like wait I didn't I didn't
start playing this and then we look down
Zoey you wanted to hear this song
decided to press play yeah man I really
like this song reminds me of the good
old days so random and what I would hit
Ali I'll leave it on I'll leave it on
okay that dog is like it has no idea
what to do right now I really want this
pig but I just want you to stop acting
like honking Joey help him there we go
first person ever touched that roof or
this house
so he's got your back yes cushion oh
she's next
she's going into shock mode I got a
pillow
I got a pillow here you go I first see
bad things
zowie still got a pillow she's still got
a pillow and zoe has destroyed her
pillow
what do you try to do there we go
alright let's go Charles fell asleep so
I have to do this for him that big old
Turkey anyway here is the new skit that
Charles and Allie made you can click
right here on this pretty little gold
frame and it will take you to it if you
would like there is a link in the video
description as well you guys have been
asking for more skits so here you go we
hope the CTFxC likes it as you will see
the video is based on how dumb idiot
jerk Charles is just kidding he is a
really cool guy like awesome and though
he did not program me to say that as a
robot I chuckled in lolled and even peed
myself
enjoy the video penis hehe
were sexy
giddy with y'all trippin
finale
