would you find that you find a lizard
what's wrong listen come here I'll let
you go ahead of Zoe I bite your nose
here come on money okay then you're
gonna go outside with her okay that's
your ticket out that's your ticket out
Miley let him go yeah so hurricane Isaac
or I don't even know if it turned into a
hurricane tropical storm Isaac it has
been constantly raining then stopping
and it's gorgeous out right now sorry
you know fog may be fixed-rate raining
really hard then all of a sudden it's
nice and gorgeous right now Ali went
running and then she went running and
then it started pouring I know for real
cool story bro right I did have a point
but I completely lost it I don't know if
you like it the fog and all that fun
house good stuff
let's go running guys yeah I'm kind of
good why does he do exercise want to go
run I know you're ready right I'm still
running Marley
let's go you I'll give you pudding money
if you go run you get lots of squirrels
well cookie piece of pizza Wow
all right lots of cookies on the road
I'll carry you it's let's come on let's
go there we go there we go stretch out
stretch out there we go oh crap it's
raining we're gonna hurry right come on
I'm gonna help you come here you're all
wet you look miserable right now see
what I mean literally two minutes later
it's gorgeous out so confusing the
longest time Ally's not been a fan of
coconut water I love it this is like my
favorite drink in the world and this is
gonna be Ally's I think this is our
first time actually trying this without
me forcing it down her face
that's so much different when it's cold
told you stretch your back right there
feel the burn that's what man if you
feel the bird push up one do a push-up
wait what is this you should do like a
workout video since I pressure wash the
pool and made everything look awesome
and clean all the algae that was on the
side of the you know the whatever and
inside here went into the pool so now
our pool is swamp so I have to go try to
figure out how to fix that swamp thing
lives in there or something Oh kayaker
can you we should get a Shamu alright
got the chlorine we're gonna make it
work
what are you doing for those wondering
why there was chairs were chairs in the
pool where does a hurricane it's a lot
easier to just a sink them in your pool
if you have a pool then just putting
them in a house because they can't
really fly out okay come on pool turn
blue it's gonna gray why gray
we decided to go check out the beach
over here there's like very there's not
a lot of waves
so when you see trying to like somebody
try to surf right now this is like
California ways right that's your
weather don't want give me your weather
for it
not happening I want a skateboard storm
a hurricane not hurting yet I definitely
would not want to be a lifeguard right
now all these sir
do the stanky leg come on mr. Siegel's
come on man don't make this fly it's
really really hard for us to do this
right now you guys see it straight ahead
right there and then right over there
it's kind of like the clear area where
the end of it is like one of the bands
push it again it's not gonna do it Alli
push it there's just shot water right
after how does it turn off oh oh it
doesn't want to do it
let's see did it right there please lay
hot sauce roulette you have to try it
one of those they're also they're all
they're all happy faces except one one
is a mild face a disinterested face I
don't know you have to try it do it you
know fun so weird so you guys have been
asking for it and we are finally doing
it we're doing we're shooting a couple
episodes of drunk gaming Justin's
getting ready Ali's getting ready by
getting ready I mean by drinking and
we're trying to figure it out because
some of the games what you guys have
asked us to play are on the computer and
I'm trying to see if I can get the load
up here on the TV just for like
aesthetics but I'm having some problems
with the audio looks friggin good though
I'm pretty impressed with this okay in
all seriousness need to just start
downing coming down oh my god Justin
here's here's a shot drink the Hat and
then Ali you chug that right there
the leader last night Oh Charles damn
shame they wouldn't stop copying it
wouldn't stop copying me just once the
checks and Marley in the background
judging
I know Marley this judger alright we go
by chicken chicken arise arise chicken
well it's time to go to bed now doo doo
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo a very
productive day even though a stupid
hurricane or tropical storm came by as
you guys saw sorry about all the wind I
just kind of wanted to show you guys how
crazy like that kind of forest that
wasn't even the strongest that we've
ever had down here I just wanted to show
you guys how powerful that wind was this
is what I was doing
she just got done filming and she's
obsessed with the washing machine she's
doing that what was that what thank you
I have a camera in my hand so your
phrases at you Isaac now dive Isaac if
you're a viewer but just drop the storm
thing I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
wait
yeah
with trippy
with chakra theory
morely
