good morning guys today and tomorrow we
have a hurricane that's like blowing the
trees over I was sleeping I had to make
well last night and I was on Dow and I
kept crashing and things just hitting
the house the wind is already picking up
already
I guess it's it's pretty near Tampa I
don't know if it's swinging yet I
haven't even actually looked at the news
but we might actually have a hurricane
come by here Zoe
where's hurricane coming from I think
it's this direction no she's pointing
you're stretching now wow it's already
bent that palm tree right there
alright so still in Key West everyone
being lazy lazy there's a hurricane we
gotta go prepare so we gotta go get gas
we need to go get water we need to go
get batteries we needed to go get a
hurricane protector did you
like
you're rolling in two points here
that's seagull and that's Eagles gonna
lost get blown in from the beach oh
don't go into Oh get it so you might
want to put those ears down you'll blow
away one of those days guys weather
there's only getting worse
Charmander just not feeling well and
their reruns of Futurama on TV hello
Michael go up fine whatever she's so
funny she just learned how to use the
cat door at my mom's house
so she just Rockets in and out of it
like she learned how to use it but she
still really doesn't like that it
touches her when she goes through bolts
through it and every single time she
goes so you can hear slam the door the
vlogs missed you mom she's running away
Oh Marley I know what you're doing you
little poo head she goes to that litter
box and has a snack every time she comes
outside on the back porch so gross I
always talk about this with people like
could you imagine if human beings
interacted the way the dogs do like if
when we first met each other we sniffed
each others butts
we wanted to establish dominance we like
Humpty each other's heads like Marley
does to Zoey you know if we feel like
the light snack we just rush off to eat
some other animals poop all right girls
you better hurry Isaac is coming censor
that dog key Oh dog hitching I thought I
was gonna censor that well time to get
some supplies for comes koko finally
discovered how to get up on the
windowsill and look out so this is her
new favorite post it's just like
scouting whatever's outside lizards or
whatever oh you have a fellow Oh so we
she wanted to come say hi to you so he
still hasn't quite figured out how to
let the cat mess with her oh wait she's
not gonna hurt you ding-dong
my mission to get some supplies cuz
apparently everything is supposed to get
worse tomorrow morning it doesn't look
like we're gonna be hit directly but
it's still probably gonna be a like a
lot of bands of rain and wind and stuff
like that it's gotta get some supplies
because you know just in case the the
power goes out you got to make sure we
have some batteries for the computers
and things like that what are you do you
remember Melissa she raised you when you
were just a little wee baby kitty
so sissy came over and she brought me
and the dogs have already gotten well
into it Marley is all about this present
right now it's from this little place
and it's like you can create whatever
you want like custom little oh my god
this is so cool I don't how to describe
it it's a martini glass but it's like
painted and it has that that's you call
it Tiffany's in it there we go supplies
supplies of course I mean chips and
queso the golf cart keep stalling almost
to a dead Starlin he completely stopped
it's been boring
got my supplies oh I got batteries too
this is probably the funniest
candy I've ever seen someone look up
this is a joke
that's turning into my favorite day
heart let me show you what it is I hope
you do oh my god where did you get those
there's a lollipop there is it
yeah you strip down your mouth after I
had my mouth and you wouldn't let me
lick your face and lick my finger put on
your face yeah it was a heart inside
your mouth there we go all right that's
not creepy at all
people say I got many layers as the
music stops close he looks at problem
stepfather Charles Trippy game
and
Isak on the way home tell me tell me the
weather is boring mr. jiffy what so
every foot there's a hurricane coming
from the south it's coming horizontal
the rain coming down the Northeast and
this is why the designated driver I
shouldn't be driving you shouldn't be
doing you shouldn't even be awake
yes
which all tripping
with Dirty Harry don't forget so anymore
