good morning guys good morning guys okay
good morning guys did all that yesterday
all that I'm stuck in this little corner
oh by the way I have a sore throat sucks
before CTFxC oh man it's dirty
and after oh I like this cleaning stuff
pressure wash the tree hey who's that
who's that man clean is it who's not
who's this man outside my house doing
man stuff me that's you okay
look oh my god a white before oh my god
white everything this doesn't look like
our backboard right
damn kids in the cars go around go
around get off my ass the other way and
I just realized how silly this looks
pulling up an electric golf cart and a
gas station what do you think looks
pretty funny right holy crap
it's an actual mark machine
but that well we got this coming towards
us in the next day or two since
hurricane it's hurricane right it's on
tropical storm it's tropical storm Isaac
is Wow
look how clean everything looks out here
I wonder who did all that what I didn't
do that that was actually Zoe that was
Zoe that was Zoe I filmed it that was
Zoe it was the other day to prepare for
this thing it's supposed to hit like
Saturday or Monday we got to put in all
these projectiles so they don't go
through the window so we need to put it
all inside now and prepare did it did it
did it did it do so you don't the window
and break door
check check check check check
it's got its own hashtag are you kidding
me dude get your stick so the hurricane
doesn't blow it away good girl spiders
this part is there there's spiders there
there's splitters there whoo you bring
all your squeak toys in good no stop you
get the spider nest oh my god oh my god
is move there are some there baby ones
on there that is terrifying do you see
the baby spiders
all right so Charles is editing footage
from earlier today beeped at him when he
walked off cart well there's like a high
wind advisory so we just cleaned
everything just in case with him she was
not left your side huh she poor little
girl she's not feeling well I know thank
goodness yes she just gets really bad
allergies every summer I don't know it's
happened it happens every single year
and she picks at him and itches them and
it's so sad because we have to give her
benadryl sometimes and she gets really
sleepy but now you're getting sick
baby doesn't feel well rub your tummy my
brazzers your face I'm gonna be the only
healthy one in this house oh he's
panicking cuz there's a friggin
hurricane coming and she knows it
Marla you traitor Zowie get the squirrel
look there's a big squirrel get the
giant squirrel looks like Ally but it's
a squirrel get it
No whatever I'm on top of the world or
at least our house I can do what I want
you shouldn't be up here gonna clean
these gutters up oh my gosh we should
cut a hole in the deep end of the pool
so we can just get up here and just jump
in the pool jump shallow
I think we've discovered why our roof
has been leaking so much I was editing
and all of a sudden I heard like on the
roof I'm like what is going it's
somebody on my something on the roof
right now I thought it was a giant
squirrel but I just turned out to be
ally Oh jump up Marla you can climb
climb it Marley climb it
it's funny I'm sitting here trying to
walk across and try to find out where
everything is like I think this is the
entryway that might be my music room
it's kind of confusing so on our last
trip to New York my backpack died and
I'm switching back to my old one and
look at this I just looked in this pouch
and I found this ancient relic look at
this an old flip camera look at this old
school flip cameras doesn't so run
doesn't run
talk about old school this is the old
flip camera this is this with of what
blogs used to look like this is what out
oh my god does my head fine now my head
doesn't fit in it does it fit now this
is CTFxC circa 2009 actually I think the
day we switched from the vlog from the
flip cameras the canons was called
something like girl plays with her Wii
or Nintendo girl in New York it was back
at back in 2009 but I was when we
switched right sounds totally different
hey bar look you look like in 2009 okay
so you look like in 2009 and that's
Marley getting crazy shake good girl
thank you so yeah blast from the past
new guys glad that we abandoned this
camera and started using the canons
quick poll in the comments which looks
better the flip camera the Canon alright
so I just back to the regular camera so
I just found I was importing the footage
or that I just recorded that you just
saw there was footage from Ali from 2010
do you remember this for that parody the
vlog do I think I come in at one point
right here things on the internet don't
get the lead in what they put in the jar
and then it balloons terrific go see I
don't like these nice sup bunny so Ali
went over to James's birthday and I just
been feeling crappy and crappier as the
day is gone so I'm saying back I'm drunk
so much emergency so much orange juice
echinacea and everything figured I just
make a delicious sandwich of sorts that
looks pretty good right bacon I'm baking
some chicken in there she's gonna go all
out right it sucks cuz like I always try
to catch it before I'm getting sick like
the second I feel a symptom to emergency
a condition do all that stuff it just
happened it's just all of a sudden BAM
there was like no warning sign now I
have to deal with this crap
feel worse I will see you guys later
bottoms up
got some nightclub gonna pass out so I'm
gonna let Ali finish off the vlog
tonight I hope you enjoyed the video and
had a great day and don't forget to
check out our live show the information
is down there in the video description
so I'll see you guys at a live show so
this is the adorable setup so fancy that
we have for James's birthday there's
punch and everything is so cute
happy birthday so I know that was like
blinding suggest you set up all of this
it's so magical and it is lovely and you
will be celebrating yeah bye everyone
it's the other weights
yes
with y'all trippin
with trippy an alley
