good morning yep they know today is the
vet appointment they're trying to
persuade me not to take them I'm sorry
you'll feel much better nothing's wrong
with him anything they're just like
itching a lot you know every year about
the same time Molly's got these crazy
allergies I'm gonna put my head down I
wanna oh I'm talking to camera don't
fill me I'm in no mood talk to my
publicist dude to animal actors have
publicist I feel like they have to gotta
take him to the vet a video in life how
do they know we're in the car though we
take a turn how do they know well she's
shaking we really should not have
brought her she needs to be checked
they'll give you cookies you try to
movers your scratch dolls okay isn't the
bull dog you freaking out what's going
on with you this is my impression of Zoe
also that's always the scratch marks
come from huh I've never seen this dog
shake any more than after that but the
worst thing is like it please separate
them because they may get separated like
if so he's at home she'd be doing this
at home because my eye is not with her
that's why we have to always bring them
together they're like inseparable kind
of fine she's already hers oh my I don't
give up actually yeah you do because you
did it okay all right all right all
right all right it is demolished thats
hanging it in the corner whole time I
was talking I was choking on shit also I
choked on peanuts which is funny because
on the trail mix packages it says do not
be peanuts of children that are six and
our children under six months I don't
know what this old driving a golf cart
to get coffee is certain to piss me off
I think I'll be able to drive within the
next month though so that's that's a
positive still there is no fun though so
fun I am waiting still
we go scrub so today I'm gonna be mr.
tool time Tim Cook i got i rented a
pressure washer see if I wait this deck
live awesome hear you like I'm just
driving golf go in the backyard I can
it's my house I'm allowed to do what I
want or a fight about it finance well
good give it up I know I was like gone
forever however Hey look good you even
know what you do it wow this is why we
can't nice things good if I guess your
bet you said okay you said okay but you
ran into it again oh man whoop get up
down huh let's have a problem fuck you
man
good thing a lot
so this is before i get to it see all
the dirt in between and everything like
that we're doing after hopefully i'll
finish this today see here's more before
and then even after a little bit
after this is gonna look so much better
today
yeah right yeah right Zoey would I pick
your cupboard off
the power no more green this house is
gonna look so much younger before and
after wow that looks so much better
please kind of go out don't go out there
I just want to go get him he's just
cleaning I'm gonna get him Charles the
tool man chippy honestly though okay
this is like I guess that they're the
most dangerous like super soaker ever
just imagine having like a super soaker
like a fence and you come out with a
pressure washer just like wow people
lose like a limb that crap all over my
face I feel like I do
oh yeah
oh it's a beautiful day at the beach it
was actually like a really weird like
bacteria scare in South Florida little
while ago and they like close some of
the beaches will not like the actual
Beach part but you are allowed to go in
the water I think we're left just one
now maybe not sure it's a good idea so
you can I have developed a new sick ab
workout to get ripped abs
your starry night google play small
children around we cannot do that so
woman just walked by us on the beach and
was like oh that's really cool i'm glad
you showed me that I just learned
something new and I was like please
don't do that damn son how many hours
was I doing that you know it's one of
those things like you could easily hire
somebody to come do something like that
but for some reason cleaning is always
like this like very good like like
self-gratifying like like I don't know
just why would you see somebody getting
cleaned like you just feel better you
feel like you're productive or something
does that make any sense I know for a
fact little dirty am though I wanna
think I broke the Christmas lights don't
just blame it on the hurricane so since
I was being all manly I missed everyone
going out to eat he's like one of those
things like once you start something you
can't really stop it until it's done
kill me so much to stop right now but I
feel like going to like ten o'clock at
night people might be a little pissed
off so Zoe Marley and I are fending for
ourselves we have to share this little
bit of peanut butter on this on this
little stick okay I don't think
I don't think I want to share you guys
can just have this this one's yours well
time to get food in all seriousness like
the golf cart is like the greatest gift
anyone's ever given me all the planet
hands down ever I feel like I'm
handicapping all you guys cuz maybe we
really had you know what the funny thing
is we haven't had one of those deep like
car driving Charles moments you can just
transcend that to the golf cart you know
what I mean and to be completely honest
I just kind of wanted to just say how
amazing everything is bad like this past
year has been the craziest year of my
life I feel like 27 was my ear I
obviously got married i joined we the
kings which like a lifelong dream of
mine just to play me to get toward the
world top of all that like I got to see
all you guys and the reason why I've
like kind of saying this is because my
27th year is coming up my I will be
turning 28 it's per second so it's like
very soon I just wanna say you guys made
age 27 of Charles and these two galaxies
little videos these little these little
things that starting off as it like it
like a joke just just a task to see
and it's turned into something
unbelievable you guys are awesome and to
be completely honest not to sound
dramatic aside from family and close
friends you guys were a huge
contributing factors for all that
positivity that happened at the
beginning of this year with a super got
that in my head I mean this whole
heartedly you guys are awesome because
you guys are priceless measure priceless
means a lot ok hi right then head loving
internet they are my friends are you
tryin mare check out my outfits like I'm
Sandy's mm-hmm do some of that
beatboxing you were doing earlier I had
planned on filming the sushi before I
put it in my mouth hole but that didn't
happen I ended up just eating the whole
thing something she just drop it up for
all helping well it's time to go to bed
unfortunately yeah it's super dark I
can't I can't show you the aftermath by
Lee and I are just watching a movie
right now and you get your little hair
net off every time she does that little
like hair thing it's really kind of
funny because like I remember like
watching my mom doing a little hit it
you're gonna do it I always thought it
was a strangest thing when my mom would
do this but then all of a sudden my
sister started doing it when she was
like growing up to every chick does it
everybody does it marlies feeling a lot
better for those curious she's on her
medicine she's not itching as much so
she's feeling better so we got sorry we
got it
don't know where to go well I'll see you
tomorrow today's secret phrase simply
bro oh I don't know how to spell that
see you tomorrow
hardly wait
hey where's easy at sexy
giddy with y'all trippin
Lexi
where's with Josephine Harry
orly
