hello everyone and I was time to leave
this smoke infested room I feel I have
like my throat I walked up it was so
crappy you're so scratchy good thing
traveling to stay here otherwise we'd be
canceling this show have a go play show
just get the setlist so we're at Queens
College our number two pencils
you know what I used to like I used to
like the mechanical pencil stuff I was
always a point five millimeter
mechanical pencil guy didn't like the
point seven it was too thick do we blend
in pretty well get her back and
everything what classes we should take
while here I think we should go to
physics so we should definitely do it's
free right now if Thomas showing us
around right now we are out again dr.
Donna sleepover and we are going to do a
little bit more work today she's
actually gonna be in an episode of CTFxC
cinema so you can go and check that out
on my channel I was sure I was like Ally
I know your little hindrance I know it's
a do TV just sit down take a look at my
pictures take a look at Hannah's
business and then I had really on there
for like 45 minutes we didn't start the
movie until like 1:00 it started smack
was talking
all right you're a man of many talents
on a secret challenge so one thing you
guys have asked me to do several times
is to explain what my daily makeup
routine is I don't know you guys are
just asked a lot what I do on a day to
day basis and the answer to that is
usually nothing because usually what I
do because I hate putting on makeup I
will show you guys today really quickly
what I usually do on day to day basis
like what I'm gonna fill in the cinema
video what I just let you out so I'm
doing a natural lighting and that's the
first thing for me for a daily look is
just I would do it in natural light
start obviously with a clean face that's
one of the biggest things and then the
next thing I'm gonna do is I'm gonna use
an eyeshadow primer just to get the base
of my eye makeup started like that
whatever the hell this is like the Urban
Decay one so put that on and then we'll
do eyeshadow so next I'm gonna do is
just use a really neutral color on my
lid it's this color right here I'm going
to use just kind of like a slightly
darker color it's like this Brown right
here just use like a little bit of a
Flicka fluffier brush for the crease
once you sort of have the crease color
where you want it I just basically go in
the crease and a little bit on the
corners do this slightly lighter
highlight color all underneath my
eyebrow and lick on my brow bone so I
just basically used like eye liquid
eyeliner and I just did like a very
small version of winged eyeliner like a
lot of people try to adjust the shape of
their eyes by using eyeliner and like
mostly what I'm going for is just to
make my eyelashes look thicker so her
foundation I use liquid it's actually a
gel base and I combined two colors
because my skin is kind of always in
between two so I just mix them on the
back of my hand and I use this brush to
basically start like in the center of my
face and work my way out once you get
the even coat of foundation you can just
take basically like any kind of liquid
concealer and I just do like an under
eye thing I don't use a brush though I
just use like my ring finger I just
think it's like much easier you can get
into the contours of your eyes easier
so once the concealer is done before I
set my foundation I just use a little
bit of bronzer and blush depending on
what I feel like I just use a little
blush brush to put it kind of like on my
cheekbones and like a little bit on my
temples and towards my jaw line okay so
now that I've done some cone
with some color I'm just gonna set my
foundation and basically just put on
mascara and lip gloss that's pretty much
it
all right so just basically finished
just add mascara a little bit of lip
gloss and I just use like a big kabuki
style brush to sort of blend all the
foundation together and that's pretty
much my daily makeup routine it's really
uncomplicated you can use any kind of
makeup you want like you can get this
kind of thing with any type of makeup
the easiest way to find out what let's
go to System s with it so there you go
we just do heavy right now no there we
go there we go there we go
it's two cars last two cars move up
there's the girls
why my boys Wi-Fi
good corner rocking where's the rock no
rock you get stuck twice at the airport
dirt rocks talking to girls oh he's
talking to girls okay
some people want to say hi
yeah do you have the main ingredient for
the party tonight party juice fruit
leather oh god I need a snack okay
I remember you eating those every day
when we were in fifth grade and she
wasn't allowed to eat cheese back then
but I snuck into her and she ate it
every day we got me into G's like I into
Pinterest last-minute dinner shopping
and pasta holding garlic bread and
sauteed broccoli okay we better set all
this ingredients in the right order
that's pretty cool
as busy oh she didn't sit in on some
school classes
dad I passed my math test
like a horror movie a beautiful lady
another beautiful ad and a beautiful
bottle of champagne why do we have this
Jeff yeah we haven't because I achieved
one of my news resolution which is it
was well it was kind of like a joke
resolution almost but I wanted to be on
the cover of SRQ magazine and I thought
today that I'm going to be that's our
celebration we do how to groom each
other you guys food is just it's my
nights my things my jam I'm gonna eat
your mistress my mistress somebody come
swing around Queens yo she might be
still here waiting you might get one now
with that haircut I see her pulling over
buddy
it happened again
that's all we have he's pulling that
whole like as I think a linear cap
supposed to take credit card but he's
not wanting to do it so we're just
paying him change just loose change
going through security and the lady you
know they'd always do that thing where
they just kind of you know do the
circles on your take it and stuff so she
goes like this I'm not kidding it's not
an exaggeration she goes one two three
I'm not exaggerating this is how long it
took still staring at me okay like it's
something on my face or something on my
face right now like yeah somebody's not
coming to the Sky Club with us before I
worked at in movie theaters I work at
shit didn't you work at Chili's do you
were dishwasher I was a busboy so like
when I see these these tables I cringe a
little bitty prefer a different degree
of doneness
I guess it's printed right with my
doneness master mmm when I said Danny
made a good point this is like we're
like a bunch of dogs he's trying to find
a good place to like curl up and sleep
right now needs Wi-Fi and it needs
outlets it doesn't work that way and now
we can curl up
never ever is this kind of funny good
it's catchy go to the orthodontist smell
hunter scotch my eyes are still watering
like the last last show you got canceled
right yeah last show flights at home the
same time I got canceled and then like
to this show so he comes in to slams
shutters drink so that's why when we saw
the nerd rock today he looked like he
was just going to pull out all this hair
don't you hate it when you like commit
and you have to just still go and it's
broken
it's a little bit trifling very you're
not supposed to be on the head starts
going in it kind of migrated let's go
oh boy that's what we're going on now
that's where red one would days at
Monday might have a hurricane party time
to go home
all right girls let's go get you daddy
let's go get your daddy oh it's exciting
oh and they punched each other alright
go get your dad do you lose your balloon
sir run and just like with us like pigs
it's still coming Oh eat your draw he's
around the other way it's okay even
better
I had several glasses of wine so what
you want to fight about it or Yoshi here
I'll send them two more look up those
any want to send there we go she's like
wait I'm turn the wrong way oh my god
there's so many people scar oh well I am
home and it's time to go to bed I'm just
going to finish editing where's Marley
Marl he's got a vet appointment tomorrow
take care of her little itching issue
and then Zoe is over here with the girls
I think I think they're addicted I think
they're addicted now alright little bit
and secret phrases so I will see you
guys tomorrow
say goodnight you dingus gonna you
dingus yeah good I guys
see what you did
wait
worse yet sexy
with children
with Dirty Harry don't forget to
