good morning guys
we are day two in Yellowstone the what I
think it's called Mammoth Hot Springs
this is the one that's like super far
away we drove for about an hour inside
Yellowstone to get here and it looks
like I'm wearing lipstick so good
morning that's what my chapped lips are
a thing of this tour I think in this
trip clean I wouldn't call it a tour
this is kind of like our little personal
tour it does look like broccoli it's
kind of cool actually looks like it's
still oh there's some more their
civilization is getting the alley and I
it's a shirt for you so much easier what
is the mountainside now every time I
think I am there's a town down there oh
I think that's kinda like how it was
over it okay that's really pretty
looks like still and then the right
house scales down there scales and snow
individual swimming pools a boiling
water wonder why it's white just in this
area and fire the sulfur good I'll try
out justic my guess is that it did dry
up or something happen to it something
yeah I don't know everyone just google
name of Springs and making it okay I
tell you over here in Tyler books this
area so I really Google some images I
want to see what this looks like
over there yeah right there and there's
some watery there weird
what would this look picture that one's
not hot our assumption is that when they
are active or whatever the water just
overflows here that's why other things
like this and wait down here
what I mean I would think that would be
ocular here right I think it would
overflow here I don't know I don't know
much about the things still learning
about them there's only there's a small
area I feel like yeah this is where the
supposed to be or at the top of that
editor your rate will go find something
else get lean lean back grab like
Michael Jackson heart oh my god
the tournaire genuinely confused about
this right now we don't know if it's
dried up or that part of Mammoth Spring
I don't know kids
spring right I don't know I mean I don't
sound of geysers
I will Express a geyser I don't think
about it I know he said like Complete
Idiot's impression done a little
research before came here result like I
was you know when you hear something you
think you're just arching something
completely different and it's not bad I
was at went down because I'm not laid
down it was very beautiful very cool but
I really thought maybe there's like
going to be cooling water everywhere
doesn't really a giant hot spring I
don't really look up too much before he
came here but still maybe should be
mammoth hot spring that spring trail you
know what I really thought that it's
going to be like a fossilized manatee
classic spring cuz I'm sure that we did
not do any research whatsoever but how
cool would that be like if you look
there imagine your father all remember I
thought being I couldn't get it out
could you know I don't think it would
actually preserve though the world war
yeah I wanted to Center great because
nothing really sir rise in it for that
would be please yeah but hot spring
squirt you know Florida like a mammoth
is that on cold spring important
so we found these like Hidden Springs or
geysers on this path and I had to go
check it out pretty yeah it's on a trail
we're doing everything right with the
trail nonetheless it makes me feel like
I'm not doing something wrong that's a
little chick trail some of you literally
put like rocks down to make it look like
a trail sounds good
those crows are freaking key that's as
big as your head there's even care we
keep walking by all the geysers that we
showed you guys yesterday and I still
can't get over the color and the clarity
of the hole is this unbelievable say
somebody turned on the hot tub bubble I
know
good timing what makes sense that one
got big and now we got big now I guess
it's going down the thing we didn't it
to see this one yesterday this was
actually pretty
we can't tell what's in this it's just
once you're like sticks and trees
because it looks so so friggin weird
yeah they look like something that
people pay a lot of money for put in
your yard
yeah what is not rigged was just Dublin
Deadwood
okay fam me again Ally I'm Today Show
we're gonna hike one mile in the mystic
fall come on alright entering bear
country alley got to make sure to make a
lot of noise and announce yourself
say hi Ali's coming
where is this damn waterfall sup
chipmunk
okay he's watching you hey it doesn't
like you anymore
Allie's at home right now the mountain
lady
I have a question some of you guys know
a lot more about Yellowstone that we
will ever know why are there so many
downed trees on the mountains and like
it's only six egg reduce because there's
so much sulfur in the ground or
landslides earthquakes
I have no idea that if you look they're
just scattered everywhere it's very odd
very strange to found it
you can go up or you can go down
you want to go swimming that guy's he's
loving it right now
you know all we've seen on this trip so
far here are Chipmunks crows and deer
hi honey and you saw one move a lot of
it was seriously like five or six miles
was construction so we got to see if we
can figure that out we have to wake up
like like 6 or 7 in the morning to be
able to do that we woke up at 7 but they
still weren't out damn Buffalo Bisons
over there well and there's like double
see Bobby's pops little pop apparently
there is like a little baby fox that was
out there too and I give you my
beautiful wife doing that the whole tree
because we I understand all collisional
I think you locked it thing that longer
are a beautiful RV for it's cold and
there's sandwiches
wait you're hunting you're constantly
running your trip and fall on your ass
alien air literally be we just realized
we haven't even touched maybe a third of
this
we just show you how people this is
where we're at west entrance we came in
here what this way
there's Old Faithful right around here
right there actually I should say and
then we went all the way up to Mammoth
which is up here so this is all we did
and we have all this other that we're
not gonna be able to feel good Patti
Davis so much I realize important that
name you would just like to us that was
ice tell me okay tell me tell me I'm
sorry we had to go you couldn't come
you burn for walk
so it
for the document is play with me what
hey get it yours overwater done
mother come on all right out goes over
walk
get on your hands let's go for a walk
stick a lot of light and you have this
one areas like Palmer you go man like
what's up what's up brother your turn
what she's not ready to do it let's do
this for the storm comes it was rainy
weaker you be out there all of a sudden
I am not even kidding you I'm not a joke
it sounded like King Kong was coming
through the RV park in Charlton still
the resilience but basically we're
walking in the alternator's goes boom
boom boom boom
never throw in ten hilarious now you
want to come and let's ask you on girl
what though come on I literally just
made out of no went and then that rain
in Voyager I know I was thinking that
was like a Godzilla early good King Kong
walking - yeah good out here
it was just like automatically nothing
heated up that was everything - gonna go
it is insane
so did you see Ali what yeah
LT Eric yeah so did you see Ali work it
out oh my god this is Amanda by the way
she's staying with her cousins right
who's actually at the same RV park and
another small world
second CTFxC ria to meet the dogs and
Marley's pissed off right now
she's so fat she's so pissed off so what
are you a senior brother ah I win you
gotta get me root this is how Ali does
her hair when she can't do me here the
drug is the RV won't let it do the
circuit breaker well hold on a good idea
that's more appropriate that's where he
is making sure she gets every little
morsel is we good this is actually kind
of sad this is our last night of having
a little campout because the RV trip is
concluding in the next day or two we
still have quite a long drive home right
now so last camp management saying we're
going to call it an early night because
we have to wake up in five or six in the
morning start the long journey home so
don't forget to subscribe and don't
forget to check out the rest of the RV
videos from the past how long how old we
can go it's like a fourteen fifty days
yeah it's been a while
re-remember in a while good thing
probably one of the coolest Urkel
Nutella done I mean we're still
traveling home but hopefully what if I
should like raspberry probably in an RV
do you like it yeah yeah honey this army
is
like you partition what the world olive
oil derailleur we had the tour bunks and
everything doctor loving it but you know
it's just an amazing and want to do it
again the fun thing is that we have four
or five days to get home because I have
an MRI on the 10:17 so it's the only
time that we have to get home for so we
are pretty much going to plan on just
kind of like taking our time maybe
finding some other stuff continue the
trip for the next couple days all that
fun stuff yeah yeah off the bed there
buddy
so I'll see you guys tomorrow good night
