I love you make sure it stole my shirt
back at the airport this time we won in
New York oh look at this
guess what guess who gets certified for
pre-check now I don't have to go through
the all those little things and stuff
like that I can actually just go in with
my shoes and my clothes my belt in my
hat and everything I guess it pays to
fly like every single day thank you so
much for your patience and we're here
got New York apparently we are in the
pits of JFK dungeon yes right now we're
on jobs bag a bigger word this is my
blog all right I think think of whatever
I want
Dede MXC
oh it's like seeing that all right
are you doing back there
they're just kids my breath that was the
bumpiest most nauseating cab ride I've
ever been into do you need a minute
awful you went big go bigger go home
dude meeting up with friends
oh so dirty all right it's time we clean
is that you poop oh my god it's like a
like a two inch long fish doodoo point
god this thing is gross I don't know I'm
terrified of this fish it is giant and
it is evil and it kicks up rocks and it
throws them when I come over there that
thing is that thing's gonna kill me in
my sleep one day I'm pretty convinced so
you want to tell the internet what you
did yeah I went for a little run cuz I'm
a lazy Butthead I took the doggies out
for a run finally because they were
being super lazy all day it's always a
sad day when Daddy leaves they are so
depressed when Charles like picks up and
goes for like a day trip they just think
it's gonna be forever I mean you know
it's confusing for them like he leaves
for sometimes like a couple of weeks or
even months at a time so they're just
like hoping that he comes back home
they're so pitiful I feel so bad for
them and Marley's got a whole skin thing
going on right now but we're gonna get
everyone back into shipshape pretty soon
here and I'm gonna go to dinner tonight
with my mom and Susan who was in Bermuda
with us so that's pretty fun can't wait
for that I love she she mm-hmm
Lexie yeah me I always love coming back
to New York City she's now getting
around to putting all my mp3s for my
other computer onto this one can you
guys recognize any songs it's going by
so fast
don't know where that well the Empire
State buildings cleaned today no King
Kong sightings things did got ugly real
what
out of all the birds that one probably
goes back it's just like the coolest
bird of all birds are there it's got its
own like a little biker jacket
everything $7 that does a deal it's like
a moody night right there golf clap
there's Grand Central Station I don't
think I've ever got to show you guys
this so the Wi-Fi boys are trying to
find the Apple Store again in New York
City time we're gonna actually see if we
can spend more than five seconds and not
take the photo on the outside we're at
$30 just to go take a photo
I've been rented this one this one's
supposed to be one of the nicer one
there it is with cheese
this is gorgeous you want an apple store
and go music look who shows up just play
it on every one of them there's a good
band yeah we'll just play on all these
now Thank You Jane we're watching them
we're like Oh chiz
watch I'm gonna drop my wallet
this is probably really gross water
actually I'm gonna get
what were we doing ladies I'm used to
that so we're writing a feature when you
screenplay if it's your film
facilitation or everybody yes it is it
is a real-life account wildly famous
children's book and I think it's going
to reach much success and hopefully be
one I did so well yeah what are you good
- yeah just that was like a really
sophisticated people joke I was like
like that was way nicer than we could
have imagined but in all honesty we are
currently writing a screenplay it this
is like a probably that's probably like
a few year long project I mean this is a
huge brother at me listen yeah yeah
definitely definitely definitely
definitely we can read it in less than a
year but it's going to take a long time
because we want to do it big and
so we're gonna get it swap big yes and
we're convinced that we're going to get
Blake for more colleagues to be one of
the characters are going to be but no
the hell yeah
you that musky subway smell was that ice
cream there we're gonna try new
adventure and see if we can get back in
time to meet up with trav so we're gonna
take this up way try to take it some way
made it
all right so we're all going over to the
studio right now to meet the individuals
responsible for all the awesome
programming on the other really Kings
albums Sam's G Money t-money her grand
on mr. G he's awesome
maybe we could do some Wi-Fi boys beats
or somebody dude literally give him
three minutes he'll hook you up
you guys can sing too and do whatever he
is but sing for you legally sing dogs up
in the Wi-Fi I open this network you
take we sing one 27001 oh you're like a
freestyle Danny this is normal for New
York City hit I can't go like two long
days in Rhode Island I gotta save
something the studio done we're gonna
call it the girl would upload on your
face yeah
get download yo I'm gonna lap lap lap
flat no I think one is send amazing idea
and I think when you guys are done
instead of one more song
one more blood one more blood gonna be
amazing
Rose you didn't make it girl can't spell
dance
cross it up rock steady didn't make it
yeah that's the back of the day when
they were filming out filming I'm so
used to say where are we oh my God thank
God we got beer and water apparently
this place is really gross and smelly
and stuff like that so we just found a
couple beers of policy oh it's so smelly
it's there's no smoke
okay it's gonna be one of those nights
so I just walked in the Danny's room and
it's like the equivalent of like if you
took the wood from a fire like a fire
pit and just rubbed it on your body and
then rubbed it on all the everything
that's Danny's room he just did bad then
you lift that on fire
yes
which all trippy
with Dirty Harry
