that's right sexy pool boy brush the
walls brush the waters of the pool ball
sexy like rush your wall that looks like
the least flattering sounding look at
those biceps yeah this broom push that
broom baby okay this is getting really
worried I'm gonna stop they have
reversed yeah you don't I don't wanna go
down there what's wrong
are you a scared cuz you don't have your
shoulders away that's why you're called
come on I need come on come on want to
know an irrational fear of mine it's
sticking my finger right here and
pulling these up one I guess is under
arrest because one time I did this and
there was a snake in there yeah and
there's always spiders so I guess it's
not irrational it's just nothing okay so
you get to put your hand in there cuz I
don't I don't want to you're gonna fall
in our Jail and that is pool cleaning
with Ally not gonna do a guy came here
poop I got that for you nobody shoot me
damn it look like ashes they are the
Chuck's yeah I think they're supposed to
be babies but I was like whatever
they're very bit I like you I love oh I
love you oh I think they're supposed to
be like babies but who cares
I just gotta be put in Turkey you're
gonna break it oh happy whatever today
is
9.1 months don't thank you so we're
about to shoot this video that I was
talking about that's going on the my
channel the Charles River channel I'm
coming home from a trip and so he's been
freaking out she's like you guys aren't
going anywhere right please tell me
you're not going anywhere
we're just fooling we're just fooling
yeah okay don't we listen to dashboard
again day to shooting Charles is getting
he's trying to pile on this all the
luggage for part of the skit all right
who wants to go to lunch together we're
gonna have we're gonna have the others a
there's a Marley hair on the lens
traditional blow there we go yeah it's
yours
totally is we have to go find a porta
potti for this shot so we have to drive
around until we find one yeah give you
guys guess what this videos about yet
can you just guess my life I don't think
I want to go I think this is gonna be
worse this is actually a construction
site I think it'll be grosser than the
Warped wall
oh my gut that is my hand and that is
the spider that is that's a that is I am
honestly so creeped out I didn't even
want to get the shot I am so creeped out
Zoey you get it we got it okay I think
the videos done
I just ruined the Charles today
I'm like genuinely I'm genuinely
horrified I am horrified radii I had
goosebumps I have goosebumps days ruined
you're ready to have lunch Marsden join
your suit babe
what are you doing up there though you
little stinker yeah what's that mouth
seriously you never do that that's
always thing oh I almost dropped you
guys
thank you Starbucks for a birthday drink
even though I'm digging the competitor
I've had so much coffee there's free
refills and when they have free refills
of coffee there's only one thing to do
is it have more and more coffee when I
said that really so he's just listening
to the rain and the Thunder and I'm
stuck on hold right now hey Thunder
buddy bold annoying thunder don't worry
don't wait Thunder buddy don't worry
it's under buddy something's wrong with
our TV are those for us of her dogs
that one looks like poop put the pretzel
that's so good-looking that screams
Marley that is such a Marley thing where
there's white collar's oh that one
that's Zoey
that's so Zoey wait this is what she has
last year right I'm that guy I get
closed my dogs just because it's funny
get it for Zoey
just fluff I can see you're doing it too
we should get
it try to hit your shoulder
this is awesome yeah
oh my god I want this to just myself
that is actually really cool
it's the Rat King one two three four
five six seven hey you're not gonna get
anywhere dude you're not gonna get it
anyway you just you just launched the
cracker do me in the grass and they do
double entendre you are you are so great
you're such a girl yeah we gonna deal
with all that on your everyday here
comes the rain all right so today is the
day we're just gonna do a spa day for
the dogs just why not
marlis been itching a lot yep yeah do
you yes we're gonna try I saw this and I
was laughing it's a bra a toothbrush
we're gonna brush their teeth I thought
would be funny Oh does it really guys
like this sideways like that I really
did something better than this she's
fighting it so bad yeah you have a clean
tooth my Harley just sits down she's
like yeah I got this I got this
no problem
mouth is like an alligator you can't get
it to open here we go good oh she
doesn't like that my finger step 2 ear
cleaning how to properly spoil your dog
so tomorrow I leave for New York City we
have a show I think in Queens on
Thursday so it's would be gone Wednesday
come back Thursday just another one-off
show so I'm helping Ali clean right now
and I never realized how much like
stuffing is around this house just ran
into me just all over the place just
random today I start walking around
trying to clean it up look see our house
is like a build-a-bear studio even
equipped with squeak toys and eyes that
have been ripped out the best part about
these it's like one-off shows I can
literally just there get underwear socks
jeans show shirt and extra pair
underwear there we go and I can bring it
all in one backpack those lugging stuff
like I was showing you earlier are you
jumping broccoli da jump in terms of
jumping jumping and jumping and jumping
and jumping jumping baccala anybody in
the viewing audience that knows where
that are you jumping back in there yeah
well it's time to go to bed I have to
finish packing all that fun stuff and
then I have to get on a plane early in
the morning and go to New York City and
then come back home I didn't want to go
to bed before saying goodnight you guys
so goodnight I'll see you guys tomorrow
tonight's secret phrase is spoiled pups
are spoiled because they are aren't they
good night guys see you tomorrow
it's coming Rd wait
yes
with child tripping
with Gianelli
