this is how Ally bribes half the dogs to
get in the pool hey hey guess what guys
guess what you want tell I don't tell
them I don't know it's our nine month
anniversary since we got married
love you okay
it's always a little drunk I apologize
for Zoe's drunkenness I don't want your
stick
it's dirty to me I don't want it why are
you so email were you listening to
Dashboard Confessional all day today
she's listening to bright eyes and
dashboard
oh my god it's doing that thing for
paranormal activity
it's coming up look at it's coming right
up after us I think
well now it's doing okay it's just doing
ballet it's just going I think it's
broken it's not it's just going in
circles now did you get my coffee
it's gonna be a busy day actually I'm
just about to shoot a new skit I'm doing
a new skit member I was saying I was
gonna do more skits in the trustor
p-channel by golly I'm gonna do it
so I'm shooting a new skit right now it
should be up later this week I'm hoping
on YouTube a cop says Charles Trippy so
if you're not subscribed go right now do
it youtube.com slash Charles Trippy
every one of you all of you all you new
suit defects series especially so I got
the coffee and then and then I don't
know oh hi mom are well careful this
isn't for you though you can sniff it
okay I feel like I'm teasing you
what's your language here I apologize
for teasing you woo this video right
here so oh yeah Wow could you be more
inappropriately inclined to eat
something that's Zoey kind of in the
shot Oh telephone alright these are your
lines don't eat them them fogging up
always fog and I am we are meeting up
with everyone right now at the Rays game
nice and my goal today is to find that
throwback hat that they had the one that
looks kind of like the tropics you know
like semi-pro they had one yeah that's
my goal that's why go to find
pretty happy I my hair gets longer
though I don't know why I see heads in a
bit
watch this watch this ion not gonna fit
all right earnest
that's cute
girls and hats are always hot this is
that one there we go but we can't see it
there we go now I'm ready for some
baseball I think is the best seats we've
ever had we have to pay attention this
is foul ball territory right now you
enjoying the game we must get on there
when we get on loud noises
this is everyone
for that brief moment of time they were
famous trap how does it feel to be on TV
my mom I think my daddy brother the
tricky thing was is this for a beer
commercial I don't drink beer but Trevor
to hold his beer good job be fair
doesn't drink beer beer mr. Winn mark oh
no she
no sense crying over spilled cheese
but wait wait I don't know it why five
boys need their hats on right now yeah
what's the passcode Charles
remember how I know she and the crew
have their you ripping six we're gonna
get the Wi-Fi logo right there know your
secret like hand sugar whatever needs to
be putting can't go like that
exactly yeah you do how comfortable you
comfortable like that like the board
yeah when they say what
like your capris I'm the only one that
wore shorts so I'm trying to pull my
pants down long enough so they look very
European I'm just gonna be like I'm from
Germany the fashion
you sound like Borat this is kind of
funny what ever a long time ago for
those who've been watching the blogs for
a very long time Ali took me salsa
dancing for the first time ever I
brought quince adenylate we're at the
same place but I think we went it was
like one of the first ten days within
vlogs and it's kind of funny coincidence
hey guys I think people think
Mississippi ask you have you ever done
this or I've had does it happen to you
when you your sleep and somebody goes
hey hey Charles you sleeping obviously I
was sleeping but now I'm awake so I'm hi
nice relaxing game at the baseball game
had a lot of fun and then we went to a
little after party couldn't film
anything it was completely dark and so
would them just a little bit all you
would have heard was it would have been
like this like that but I'll see you
guys tomorrow
have a great night hope you enjoyed the
video and secret phrase what five
bullets like our logo is gonna be the
it's like this wait what is it I think
if you go like this and this is f is SWF
in sign language American Sign Language
so it's like that pretty nerdy I know so
you could be nerdy gangster with us
thank you for all the like happy nine
months as a weird anniversary the
nine-month anniversary what's not even a
anniversary because that means annual
right so month-aversary whatever you
want to call it Elliot I really
appreciate it we were reading all of
them at the baseball game stuff like
was very sweet of you guys so thank you
very much it's super late like looking
to sell later that's look at this 3:00
in the morning I need to go to bed get
it guys
I killed
yes
with trippy
we're
to be an ally don't forget
