good morning guys seems spoken near
nature near blah blah blah let's go home
a little more peaceful here find in the
morning kind of funny of my eyes red
right now it's literally a red eye
literally the first time ever
just don't move fast
in hello Internet I don't know why it's
so dark in this house right now actually
I do know I have the blinds closed
because whenever I edit I don't like one
I have another light source to help so
I'm editing and I just found out the
Charles's flight is delayed well but
he's gonna get away even later today
which sucks because I wanted him home
early also has his hair he liking this
this is just sexy back face love it
alright I'm gonna stop now this is so
nice oh my god that's creepy look at
this
time to go
21 travis has pointed out how our
planets missing just the middle Ashley
holiness 12:12 and 29:21 I doff my
glasses I have to wait for somebody to
say sir you're my seat
it's literally 1:21 so there let's play
game what do you guys think in the
comments below
who do you think person's gonna be until
I get to get my seat fit in there so
it's actually looking pretty nice and
sunny today which is great okay and
she's down for the count
she's just literally like ran out and
just sat right down so there's always
that Zoe Zoe
see you guys Wednesday hello again
spacey thing I wish they had these like
everywhere in life I know it'd be
amazing those like so you want to go to
bathroom and just get in your house
you're walking for your bedroom into
your bathroom a lot of people movers
yeah
you just stand there but I'd be happy
are you serious doctor that
oh my god holy interwebs I'm a lazy fat
cat today is an especially good day
because I'm rocking my awesome Britney
Spears shirt that Charles bought for
himself but I don't know in what world
this tiny shirt would fit him because it
barely fits me so I stole it the
airplane oh did I promise you something
good catch ready wait ah I'm trying to
get her to chase the chase the dog's
tail you want to get it it's right there
get it I'd be a good girl I'm gonna get
daddy okay bring your daddy back Oh
Marley heard that don't eat anything
your little butt crack so you know what
I find kind of funny all right so when
we were landing in Tampa there was like
serious major turbulence that part's not
funny that part's actually terrifying
the plane was dipping and you know doing
all that crazy turbulence stuff that
scares the crap out of me I the only
thing that really calms me down is if I
can zone out like listen to music but
you know they always make you turn your
devices off like it doesn't matter like
if it's an airplane mode which I never
got it has to be completely off and not
I don't know why airplane mode exists
it's funny cuz like I have to like sneak
the music so I had like wear my hoodie
zipped up to my nose and I'm like you
know like on the side like side like
this trying to like switch the song and
stuff like that and then I realized the
last time I was ever doing something
like that was it with what I was in high
school and now I'm a grown man doing the
same thing just to try to listen to
music is this funny all the way up to
your nose you just like hiding
but you started yeah I was gonna hurt it
though I don't know I just always
thought that was really funny that I'm a
grown-ass man and I'm still like trying
to sneak music
now where's my wife hey sex man I need
to take a shower
gotta listen have dedicated we argue
just got back and you were good mother
just got back and now he's going upload
the video go fly can't go home just yet
gotta get that thing you uploaded as I
said this video or that video I think I
can I merge them both do the B being
tired
never in my life have I wanted to
disobey a sign more than now videos
uploaded let's get the fuck home man
I've loved in gleeps
they're so fucking funny so much more
funny don't you think I realize I'm
doing this in public right now um excuse
me Zoey you're in the wrong car Zoey
that's crazy I cannot see through this
right now but if I use the lens of the
camera I could see almost perfectly like
this is actually better than what I'm
seeing this this would be all white this
you know this would look like this is
what I'm seeing right now ready I'll
have a focus here and then watch this
that's what I see nothing will white
right there that's right yeah I'll get
it I'll get it I'll get it I'll get it
Oh Oh puncher hundred yes go hello Dara
so your first encounter with a lizard
don't you ever eat those
what are you doing oh oh no oh no
is this the emotional part of Joe Dirt
uh-huh okay he made turkey bacon in the
house it smells like butthole did you
make bacon poop he not outside
all right and that's once over look
smile see was OE when you do this it's
huge but when Marla she's already doing
it naturally I can't pull it back any
further Zack oh my face now what now I
see something it's kind of funny
alright so I just turned to pout I'm
making dinner and Zack and Mary's on
right I go into the bedroom and Ally is
coincidentally watching the same thing
but actually on DVD now how big of a
coincidence is that they go on a 1 to 10
scale a 15
you
merci psst
with child tripping
with Gianelli don't forget
