make a wish look at your snazzy pajamas
good morning guys found Danny and we're
going to Moscow Idaho yeah apparently
they have a Moscow Idaho and we were
playing tonight and then we're flying
back home tomorrow so that's a little
quick day and I don't know where the
redhead went oh really yeah it's super
bright sure I was just reminding
remember the last time we were here he
was telling us about the conspiracy same
time okay last time I was here I think I
remember this is the airport that had
the conspiracy theory remember it was
like built on top of some sort of like
like base like underground bunkers it's
like that
time flies get it because Brad in there
for and we were flying
there's my fun for the day this is to
make Ali jealous
put them all together
though it's another gloomy gloomy day
here in Florida and that's okay we
needed the rain really badly I feel like
that's kind of always what I say I'm
like oh damn it it's raining but also we
totally need it I'm just gonna try and
find something fun to do it's kind of
crappy outside but I think I might get
together with some girls tonight just my
hubby's out of town once again we
thought he was gonna have some time off
but I guess not that kind of went out
the window he's coming back tomorrow so
it's not that bad he's only gone for one
day so I was like come on mom this is
like super boring I miss dad
all right guys are you ready for the
first non boring thing of the day let's
go see grandma and grandma yeah wait
whoa geez excuse me sir why you sitting
there that's reserved for Yoshi Wow dude
it looks good though let's see this no
look at he looks good
one more flight feel like this should be
illegal like there's no room between
there she agrees
I gave their rock my seat and then I
know yeah I'm sorry target bit done to
myself I didn't do that I give no rock
my seat and then you wanted a window and
I want to know the kind of guards are
coming around
what are these days dude going down this
on the longboard just threw something
out I turned around and the pilot almost
took me out but there's a little Rolly
thing and almost landed on my face oh my
god oh there's another one there's a
baby one saying howdy well nice to meet
you bear everyone in this Airport thinks
I'm a complete idiot I'm just gonna walk
away now hey nice did you get a haircut
- yeah we all did
yeah gonna be present I guarantee ya
welcome to spoken mere nature
near-perfect all right so we're riding
in style we got Spokane Spokane Spokane
Spokane okay
okay look on right inside we have two
SUVs in separate yeah we're too much
facial hair at the back we're trying to
make your rocks feel at home right now
on that farmland everything's dead here
now we gonna find them damn it Oklahoma
ruining all of our lives
Eagle or state Freddie Mercury they're
doing the bullying database yeah I don't
know where we're going no birds I ain't
even seen a chicken just saw holy says
he spotted a bird I think I just saw the
same exact survival potatoes we are
absolutely lost no cell phone reception
and nobody in the fire Safety Building
at all that closed
well of course everyone did their
banking
okay we might be stuck wherever we're at
alright boys apparently the redhead did
come through this part of town we're on
the right track it's a bunch of warning
stickers that's a cookie man Idaho is
how we roll through campus just through
the campus by behind stage first-class
service I'm like the president Yoshi or
his brother somebody trying to pretend
to be yoshi oh man
mirai is supposed to be in the tent
inside the tent it goes pretty cool
little place
all right hold on let me Danny let me
get that for ya
you're welcome
so the donkeys are staying with my mom
and I actually planned a kind of girls
night out all the girls are back in
Florida
Joseph's back from California Jesse's
around and a couple of my other friends
wanted to go out tonight so I'm try and
get Melissa to come with us too and
we're just doing a girly thing winner
winner but I totally just did so now
he's gonna have to deal with it he's got
some cookie dough photos in there the
bomb there like melty cookie dough
inside of like fried bread it's probably
the worst I'm gonna do it anyway work
then my face oh that's oh that's amazing
actually it's awesome why why am i
defeated by a copy machine
it's like fax machines and copy machines
they did it be like an art project no it
turns in a plus
like clean up clean up the glass get rid
of the evidence
that is awesome oh my god open your eyes
that is how do so that's kind of cool
actually
I love copy machines and oh that's a
that's a keeper those are keepers Yoshi
just hold it up but don't move it around
okay I can't show it to you guys I'm
sorry okay it's all blurry well we were
out the door I found a frisbee hanging
out over there
good catch we were just having a nice
conversation and all the sudden it got
so bad I have to like scream in order to
like
I look so cool on a black write my
sweater that's awesome do my teeth look
cool and are they yellow let's go flash
now we're gonna play show now
go back and forth
that was a fun show I know how I feel a
little bit more redeemed my first time
here kind of sucked my second time way
better you gotta wait for the water do
you want to say look at that bike as
amazing he's got a weird finger good
long drive the drive and I are the only
one that is so creepy it's a dummy go
back go back
well yeah it was a fake dummy we just
saw it oh come on he's messing with man
it's so creepy
we did it we hear her alive
Travis we tell ya right there I have two
hours to edit this send it to Ali and
then fall asleep maybe take a shower
hopefully somewhere in there but the
show was awesome
its second time being Idaho a lot better
than the first yeah it was great show
guys it was a lot of fun tonight that
cop thing that was creepy right when we
drove over we thought we were getting
pulled over
I put think only notice that it was a
dummy so that's why we stopped but when
we pulled up we were like um what if
it's not fake so for the secret today I
want you to guess in the comments below
what number I'm thinking right now
with trippy
don't forget
you
