don't worry I have your back I'll
protect you it's just thunder
those are like raining in the sky it's
like 9 a.m. pouring down rain half the
skies clear and gorgeous Thanks Florida
glad I did my hair today Here I am once
again driving the mobile couch it's been
such a long time since I've driven this
car around and I miss it so I'm here to
pick up Dante and we are over those of
you don't know that's one of dads has
many mistake names like whenever dot was
younger whenever she would tell her name
to people they would always screw it up
so she has like a list of maybe 20 names
that are totally not her name but have
people have called her before and Dante
is one of them it's more my personal
favorites I'm waiting for Dante right
now we are going to go work on her
super-secret project again I'm so
excited and I can't wait to tell you
guys what we're doing gotta wait a
little bit
go wait to find out sound like a like a
frog how you doing this blended splendid
day this is why I love Florida
and pores in the morning who's ready for
round two and I think we can actually
make this a little bit more expensive
the last one should we do it you guys
want me to do it round two we're a
record why is there a giant up a coke
dot I don't mean to alarm you you're
some giant avocado
yeah
no I had something I don't know what
nothing wait I'm waiting honey
look enough like the sexiest couple ever
no I just didn't take a shower
wait Sam what do you can do feel very
good well looking through the worst
angle possibly even better I think was
yesterday I was like filming and I
somebody's had the camera down here this
is like the worst angles get her blog
the little tips if you ever want to vlog
up or in front of you never like this
anyone you could be anybody and you can
just get like 14 chins given Marlee
ready are they great let's see if we can
do this wait there's Marley's chins
there's you have none you don't even
have one chin is that considered a chin
I don't even know the snow dot or shoot
some b-ball out in the pool with a
couple of dogs whoops no good I was just
reading this like article I found
randomly on the internet about hot sauce
and why people like hot sauce
specifically me and it was saying it was
kind of like that's like an endorphin
rush like it can make people happy heat
or something like that it totally makes
sense because I'm addicted to hot sauce
I mean you guys know that like every
time I go to that taco place I always
get like 15 hot sauces when I eat chips
I literally put hot sauce on a chip and
just eat it okay I just read this so I'm
gonna make the hottest hot sauce I
possibly can do I got some spontaneous
combustion oh wait some hottest fucking
sauce some Cholula it's just to bring it
down a little bit
and some red-hot yeah how how hot I can
make this to to to to to
what smell laughs Oh clears your nose
out let's mix it up funny how you say
hate hot sauce or anything spicy as a
kid I used to hate coffee too weird how
you're like a sponge like differ as you
get older that's spicy looking all right
tiny bit it's wobbly way too much oh
well goodbye stomach lining oh come on
not bad mmm I'm like sweating
don't tell me run him over over squirrel
the possibilities are endless
well cause it's like little pieces of
shrapnel down there you're gonna get a
big splinter in your face I'm gonna make
the camera make the audience stick and
now a montage of slow-motion swing jumps
Oh
lovely vaca fly I believe I can touch
the sky I think about it every night and
day I spread my wings and fly away I
believe I could soar I see me running
through that that that open door I
believe I can fly I believe I can fly
little dogs going on adventures they
fucking down the wooded trail they look
like they're having a good time even
though they have no idea where to go in
Oh what I'm not trying around you oh
that arrived
rhyme scheme is not the only thing that
gives value to poetic language sir sir
can you please remove yourself from my
side of the trail oh so hard you get all
the spiders out of the way for us okay
please don't fall I'm recording this for
your sake okay okay oh god maybe walk it
down God don't die please what
I wish that we had the same trouble in
Tallahassee there were so many cool one
wait if you listen do not fart I will
punch you in the dick
here the werewolves they only come out
of Twilight yeah looking for vampires
you guys in that's true that's a true
thing about Florida you hear it click
wait over there do the whining riding
dirty no doubt they see me roll then we
have to go over 60 miles an hour or this
golf cart will explode okay oh it's
stuck she's avoiding the inevitable come
here can you see me can you see me
behind this pool yeah turd in your mouth
oh you bought that turtles but eat it
get it Marley yeah oh there's my sexy
wife there's do-over damn mmm that's a
pretty good but make the ugliest face
you possibly make right now Oh God Oh I
was reading through all the comments and
my favorite comment about the media was
blowing myself up was that I was going
to be charred
I know I thought I was pretty good
especially a little bonus video at the
end of this video I hope you guys like
it so I'll see you guys tomorrow
and today's secret phrases don't judge
me
hi guys hey so I have my nice little
surprise for you as you guys see right
up there the lovely girl who did our 3
year montage for the CTFxC did a montage
of the past two months while on tour on
Vans Warped Tour and just the craziness
that has happened in past couple of
months and all the awesome memories so
check that out she did an amazing
amazing job it's our bonus to you guys
so just click right here it'll take you
to video or you can click down there in
the video description tell me your
favorite memory it's kind of like
reliving it I watched it know like oh my
god I completely forgot it all that so
enjoy guys
yes
with trippy
it would be an early
