hello endangered bird dinosaur its bird
dinosaurs feathers yeah working on a
project together I I woke up really
early which is rare for me actually most
efficient forms of alternative energy
it's a really big project cool getting
back into the running stages Florida's
hot forever we're gonna get rid of this
takes out Tanner who it's birthday time
I got her present like two months ago
and I haven't even seen her in that
amount of time so Daffy remembered they
had a birthday present check that off
the bucket list
smiley were you a good girl while I was
gone did you stay out of trouble I heard
you had a party with your friends
without telling me well that's not very
nice of you to lie about that you're
grounded how long you're grounded for at
least a month
Lucy then hit gas on the go cart and
make Daddy go flying on a floor I may or
may not have knocked my husband off the
back do this alright oh look at two
little speckles a deck boat attack there
we go get attack yeah right that's right
you act like a where I am on a mission I
have to find a bank and a Starbucks
holistic relation I can't drive
automobile come on you can find one
see one totally taking a golf cart
through a drive-through victory can we
find a start
the security officer yelled at me and he
said that to do that again which I
didn't think was playing I before my
turn signal on obeying all hand turn
signals victory blue a golf cart I need
to get like a license plate this is like
a total badass
I'm trying to realize the purpose of
these it so I could take corners way
faster just don't tell Ally
gotta use those hand signals right hand
turn right hand right I'm getting
certain used to this being like a car I
always just drove on the road I mean
screw it I don't need to be able to
drive I got this golf cart I've got like
five miles on this thing when does the
battery Sarang it's getting a lot slower
how far can you go on a golf cart before
sir sighing cuz I think I'm gonna go
let's go to the beach come on that made
a noise do it again oh yeah right
do-over des des doesn't hurt your teeth
I can't do it snazzy so before I get all
distracted by all the skimboarding
goodness one of you guys sent me the
link to this website and I wanted to
check it out I actually spent some time
the other night it's basically one of
these sites where you do surveys online
you know give your opinions you get to
review products that aren't even out you
get to see sometimes they'll send you
like concept products every quarter
they're actually giving away $10,000
remember when I was saying that I used
to work as a telemarketer I used to do
market research in high school I used to
be that guy that would call you and be
like hey
do you have time to take a quick survey
people would always hang up because they
didn't know I was actually offering
money one of the stories I remember when
I was working as a telemarketer was this
lady I was on the phone maybe like five
ten minutes she was helping with a
survey she may have had some problems
with not being faithful and her marriage
or something along those lines
so I'm asking this lady a bunch of these
questions here for the survey and
apparently the husband gets home picks
up the phone and just like who is this
what are you talking to my wife or blah
blah blah and he thought that I was the
gentleman that she was having fun with
on the side so I'm just asking like oh
do you like the color red what is your
favorite you know the stupid things like
that and he's proceeding to yell at me
they're having this huge argument I'm
just sitting there with my little mic
just being like I'm gonna I'm gonna go
now
that
one of the most interesting jobs I've
ever had true story though but we
actually paid people for surveys he kind
of got distracted but that was the whole
point
I was checking this website out and I
wanted to pass it along to you what they
do is they pay you to do these surveys
and there's actually some products that
you actually send you sometimes and you
just give basic all you have to do is
give your opinion on these products like
is this something you would buy is this
something you would give us a gift so if
you guys want to go you know bake some
money on the side check out some
products before they're actually even
out click the link down there it's free
to sign up and you guys can check it out
you can test out some products get
opinions and get some free stuff and
make some extra money on the side
so I thought the CTFxC would enjoy that
going to go pro mode digging a hole
there Yuki and we never saw
so in spirit of Shark Week aliens
graciously volunteered a shark that's a
dollar
you guys have never seen one before oh
my god it bit me
I said left foot I said my left foot a
li waits for the perfect scent anyways
and I think she's going nope she's still
waiting still waiting for that perfect
set now she's just walking along the
beach okay does she stopped love just a
love tap let's go
love tap that's a perfect one go
go boy
you know you just want to come towards
me you miss me here I go with
distractions well crap look at it found
a dollar just right here somebody's
gonna take that I go put that back out
there so he's gonna find him
do wait through the typical cliche
coming out of the water scene it's like
every movie and that's the blooper reel
the surrounding you
you must be the fish queen look at the
mother look at their just right there
swimming
he needs water water now you grow up to
be mighty palm trees and you will shade
us for the dreaded Sun and make oxygen
don't worry I will get the food so we
can eat I still on a bathing suit I
gotta go shopping I got this idea where
I'm gonna do
deep fried jalapenos on a buffalo
mozzarella turkey burger see if I can do
it so I always didn't go watch this
movie I think it's the only Wes Anderson
up why say Anderson don't get me wrong
really like his movies but I've just not
in that mood you have to be in that mood
then I'm gonna make a turkey burger and
then I'll fry that and maybe up fried
french fries I don't know I could do it
sound good
that's a good point I won't forget the
cheese put some black pepper put some
garlic salt okay hold on let's make it
even more American put a cup of beer in
there all right
let's try this no idea I was gonna work
all this smell
Charles why does it smell like fart ohh
oh my god it's really bad let's try good
old American pickle mm-hmm and there we
go the finished product surprisingly
like every time I cook
I'm not hungry now hopefully Alex hey we
have an entire movie theater just to
ourselves it's so awesome it's really
super dark in here so you give you
things like y'all bad words in a movie
theater and you won't get in trouble
I ain't then I spend so much time
cooking things and then when I'm done
like I started my Buffalo a buffalo
mozzarella turkey burgers I haven't
started that I should just open up a
restaurant I open up a restaurant what
we've always bloated we call it if the
CTFxC opened a restaurant tell me in the
comments what we should call it like the
name of the restaurant and if you would
come to it and there we go you guys
ready for this look at that turkey
burger mozzarella fried pickles fried
jalapenos got a little Buffalo Ric I'm
gonna stop right now but it's pretty
good-looking and I'm not hungry
is that Barack Obama or Jake Gyllenhaal
which one who's dating somebody watch
Michelle can't even nope not even gonna
talk about it I don't wanna talk about
it we I just watched I just watched the
Bourne Legacy it wasn't a legacy of
anything born it had nothing to do with
the Bourne movies except for the fact
that they just threw around the same
sets of words to make it sound all
technological and crazy and CIA related
it's so sad because I really wanted to
love it so badly and they were parts I
loved well what do you guys think did
you weren't born legacy little legacy
great movie like the legacy died five
seconds ago in a movie a bit already
guys was that time of the video where we
say good night
don't forget to check out that link that
I was talking about to that website
where you can do those surveys and make
some extra cash and all that fun stuff
the links down there in the video
description so go check that out it's
free like I said it wouldn't be a CTFxC
video well our secret phrase and today's
secret phrase is sand dollar dollar bill
y'all see what it did see what they did
there
alright guys bye
anyway
yes
giddy with y'all trippin
with just opinion Harry
