let's go check out the aftermath is it
it's not so bad it's not so bad at all
this is not bad oh dear God the fun fact
I've never done a backflip I'm gonna try
my first backflip front flip so birthday
girl
how you feeling
so you need to get a bath Zoey stop go
back
Zoey nope this is gonna go on for like
at least two hours oh he's coming that
way what are you gonna do don't go back
in the water Zoey
she's like screw that I'm swimming I
don't know where I'm swimming to but I'm
gonna probably not get away from you
damn it I gotta get out the same way
yeah it's not a gather pool come on oh I
just got the best birthday punggil ever
in the middle of eating and Riaan reach
will call me and all my gosh I'm not
gonna cry okay um they called me and put
on one of my favorite episodes of
Futurama and there's actually like a
birthday song in it that they sing to a
character in the show called nibbler and
I loved that show it's my favorite show
they played that part and they just
yelled my name at the part where they
say nibbler so it would be my birthday
song and I miss them so much
and like I just started like tearing up
in the mission era and it was just like
the sweetest thing ever it was the best
friggin best birthday wish I've ever
gotten that was awesome I love them
wax on wax off wax on wax what does that
even mean I never got it day is today
it's out he's birthday cake happy
birthday to you flames are burning and
world peace
that was the one for good luck Coco's
looking at take the cake give me the
cake happy birthday to you happy we were
gonna go out and do all this fun stuff
and you know got eat but we decided
since you know I haven't been home in a
long time just we're just gonna have
some champagne some pizza I don't care
what we do as long as I'm with you
it was those serious cheese back there
it tastes like itz√° cheese and since
it's her birthday and Ally asked if she
could do my makeup I can't say no I
couldn't say that I was like no no and
it's just like it's my birthday and then
she said she pulled that card so Ally's
gonna do my makeup after you down :
okay I don't have any hair oh yeah yeah
by the way I had to shave my beard for
this what I can't really relax you're
putting crap on my face what is that no
you made me like a clown just because I
made you look like a clown where was
that white I would have used that white
totally if I am
worry about it I'm sorry must be water
line two doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo it
really hurt is if you're poking my
eyeball everything poke poke poke poke
poke poke poke that's what it feels like
I'm not even pushing that hard you're
doing such a baby ah that's so stupid
it's like you know those squiggly dots
when you close your eyes putting
pressure on my eyelids that is so
uncomfortable
stop it I almost have Union oh this is
great this is one of those things where
like I try to prove to my future
children that I'm I was one school and
then they dig this up and they find this
what this is we got a man myself I got a
fart
I burped his day it was gonna go down
south it was like nope we want to go
ignore it you peach I will do something
horrible because I still holding this
very reason
where did glitter come you did not
disclose glitter when I was doing this
that's not fair you could use all this
by the way I'm hiding glitter from you
cheating no oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god Tommy
I will stab you
this won't let me go everyday look up oh
oh I'm not pulling away what if you
slips I'd be blind
you'd be bloodied how many women go
blind every year from that just lick
that and then put it to my face did you
lick that did you just like that
yeah of course and now you're not
sticking your right eye face your face
you did it again give it to me you did
it again you're doing it every time
she's doing it every time stop the
camera
stop it is so good you're just bathing
me in your spit
there we go I hope you have leather on
your tongue what do I see you doing it
did you screw up that bad
by the way I get one cleaner it's called
the fallout I'm clearing the hell up you
know I didn't have to
okay now you're not salmonella the eye
or something yeah cuz that's a real
thing I don't know you're so just stop
feel like I'm having an allergic
reaction to the bladder
do you think strippers ever allergic to
glitter be a sad life for that if they
were though you're oily yeah it's
because I'm Sicilian and I'm awesome
wash all my brushes was like heavy-duty
soap I don't wash them too much because
then you get all the awesome off but
Gabe you poke me in the eye you're
poking me in the eye feel like I need to
be drinking like a mojito and have like
a robe and be talking about like spa day
how Oh Andrew Garfield's like the best
spider-man and he's just the how Magic
Mike was the best movie ever
I am creating please be quiet you know
what it kind of feels like I'm having a
slight a reaction to it because my face
feels warm stop go side you could be a
Kardashian just throw a lot of glitter
on it and then all of it look at you
you're Kim Kardashian
look that way not with your eyes with
your face honey there we go
don't be an asshole smile with your
mouth closed
that's like an oxymoron how do you do
that wait a mouth look I'm doing but
you're smiling
thank you no don't do that don't make
your mouth with that hole relax your
relax your mouth no but all loose
butthole not tight butthole you don't
get to say loose ball let's go huh
God it's unfair you have huge eyelashes
they're so long no they're beautiful
like every woman what should they have
these friggin eyelashes I'm so jealous
I'm peanut butter and jealous okay now
we're done I don't want to worry you
look so pretty honey please just just
for you look in the mere and then you
can take it off then oh my god you're
beautiful
honey look at you like the ugliest chick
ever babe seriously you look beautiful
girl show people your eyelashes like
look at those flippin eyelashes you have
a beautiful woman I like what you have a
good birthday yeah if you like Marley
it's what Marley does go to bed love you
guys thank you so much for the birthday
wishes everyone's been super super sweet
so thank you alright guys well we're
gonna go to bed now make sure to tell
Ally happy birthday in comments and all
that fun stuff and I will I will see you
guys tomorrow
okay bye I don't know
worse
with trippy
with trippy an early
