so what's up guys today I'm going to
talk about something that I've avoided
talking about for a very long time I get
this question asked a lot and I don't
really talk about it I really honestly
I've kind of touched on it briefly you
know on videos but I haven't really
answered any questions because I feel I
don't want to say awkward but it's just
it's kind of like one of those things
it's just it's not something I really
ever wanted to talk about but I feel
like I've read enough comments and never
enough questions that I feel like it
warrants me to get over it and just kind
of have a conversation with you guys
answer a few questions because I'm not
the only one today I'm gonna answer some
questions about living with seizures
what it's like what I feel like you know
just just what's going on my brain no
pun intended
sorry that just go let you know I might
make some jokes but that's just my
defense mechanism I have a very morbid
sense of humor or just not funny part
both you guys asked me on Twitter I mean
honestly you guys have asked me
everywhere about this kind of stuff
which leads me to believe there's more
than obviously there's more than myself
that have gone through this with friends
family or you know rule number one
Charles to silence your phone I feel
like it might help somebody and honestly
it might help me just to get off my
chest the first question comes from
Selena and she's like what is the
scariest part of it I'm happy you are
finally feeling ready to talk about it
now Selena thank you so much I think the
worst part honestly is not knowing if
you're gonna have one so for example I'm
not gonna lie every single day I think
about it whether I want to or not it's
just something that's now part of my
life and I feel like if anyone who's
going through this or family friends or
just yourself you kind of I mean you
could say like oh I don't think about it
or anything like that or it's not really
a concern to myself but deep down like
it's you're just I don't wants to lying
to yourself but everyone is honestly
thinking about it who's going through it
it takes up a little portion of your day
in your life and I'll be honest it does
take a toll on you just because it's
it's this constant stress but then
here's the catch-22 you think about it
you stress yourself out and for some
people when you stress yourself out you
cause one so it's like it's just this
vicious circle so where you have to calm
down and kind of let it go and just live
your life otherwise you're gonna cause
more of them if that makes any sense
this one's from Kelly and this is a
really really good one and it kind of
hits hard because it kind of comes back
to exactly what I was saying she's like
how do you not live in fear with a tumor
in your head are you or were you scared
going to bed every night knowing the
possibility of having a seizure and for
those who don't know what she's talking
about
a majority of I'm been fine for a long
time a majority of my seizures happened
during my sleep basically during REM
cycle honestly as a result if I go to
sleep anywhere lower there's on plane by
the way I've actually had a seizure on a
plane that's why that's a whole nother
thing happened a long time ago it
terrified me I know a freaked out pretty
pretty much everyone on the plane but
yeah that was that was a rough one but
coming back I honestly I wouldn't say it
all the time but when I go to bed I kind
of prepare myself for the possibility of
something like that happening it sucks
I'll be honest so what happens for those
of you guys who are really curious
usually REM cycle happens let's say you
go to bed around 11 or 12 or something
like that usually hit REM cycle around
like depends on everybody like 3 4 5 am
I've actually started wearing my Apple
watch to kind of see when I hit REM
cycle as a result what I would do is I
used to take my medication at 3:00 p.m.
and 3:00 a.m. because I became scared I
became very concerned that because when
I was having seizures it was happening
around 4:00 or 5:00 a.m. 3:00 a.m.
around that time my thought process was
alright well if I stay up till 3:00 a.m.
I take my medication at 3:00 a.m. but
I'm still up I theoretically
I mean I could but can avoid it because
I've been up and I passed REM cycle
which to this day
it takes a toll I can't fall asleep I
fall asleep around
I'm not even kidding around 2 or 3 a.m.
every single night whether it's because
I'm editing or truthfully just because I
scare myself into thinking something
like that's gonna happen and as a result
it's exhausting and I feel like coming
back to what I was saying earlier it
might cause the situation even worse so
to answer your question Kelly yes so
this is from Kate when you first found
out about it all what were your thoughts
how did you manage getting through the
days that were difficult mentally ok so
this is why I remember I remember
getting off the tour bus I think I the
last thing I remember is like popping a
balloon off the tour bus this was in
Idaho right it was just after we took
the photo for the somewhere somehow
album cover so we were in Idaho Danny
and I went to go get coffee we kind of
always wanted got coffee we'd film and
kind of explore what is that football
field it's like the college football
field that's all blue we went there we
wanted to take a photo because we
thought you know it's a blue field kind
of cool blah blah blah you know go see
it you know we're in the area this is
what's really weird and kind of weirds
me out to kind of talk about it because
you think about it and then it's just
weird you have more I remember walking
and kind of going in circles and Danny
goes Charles Charles Charles what's
going on I can remember hear that and
then going down like right now it's kind
of weirding me out to talk about this to
be honest because like I don't know if
anyone's ever gone through a seizure
like when you think about it you kind of
like we remember it and it kind of like
right now honestly it's kind of
terrifying me freaking me out a little
bit and then lexing you know is
paramedics and just that's it then
explaining hey yep seizure and then me
and my back of my head I'm like the
hell's a seizure
I mean I'm exaggerating but why did I
have one and then mentally I try not to
show in the videos but I kind of had a
little breakdown because I didn't know
how to cope with it I'm the type of
person if I can keep a strong face I can
get through things so I felt like hey
you know Charles if you just keep strong
and keep positive you're gonna be fine
that wasn't a good day my best friend
found out she has one on the right side
of her head that is two inches deep on
Tuesday she's having a real hard time
any advice would be greatly appreciated
that's where mine actually is - that's
that's a very difficult question to
answer because everyone's different for
me I don't want to say it was denial but
it felt like kind of like denial I
remember when I was in the room the guy
was like oh you have a tumor in your
brain and immediately again coming back
to the sense of humor that I have I'd
literally looked at him deadpan and I go
it's not a tumor but you know Arnold
Schwarzenegger that's and he didn't
think that was funny didn't think that
was funny me it kind of helped with the
situation because I was trying to cope
with the idea like all right so this
means death sentence
brain tumors horrible bad bad bad stuff
my natural reaction is make a joke
lighten the lighten the mood hopefully
maybe my I guess what a scientist say
it's like I made a joke hoping that the
doctor would be like oh yeah it's not a
tumor I was just I was just I was just
messing with you and horrible I mean
that would be a horrible joke for any
doctor laughter honestly my friends and
family got me through that whole
situation I mean I'll be honest I don't
really honestly think I'm completely
over the situation because I live with
it every day I'm fine I'm definitely
fine and as far as your friend I am
truly truly sorry that she has to go
through that I don't wish that upon my
worst enemy it's not something that any
human being should go through her
situation might be different your job is
to kind of make her laugh keep her busy
keep her preoccupied with something for
me it was vlogging if I wasn't logging I
would have lost my mind honestly I
really would have lost my mind this is
from Cassie have you tried any home
remedy treatment of any kind actually I
don't really know of any home remedies
other than taking vitamins eating
healthy and okay that I guess that would
be eating a lot healthier I don't drink
or at least I don't drink anymore at all
oh so I don't drink coffee that's
another thing Ally cooks the most
healthy things in the world I try to
stay away from things that have a lot of
you know GMOs and chemicals rule of
thumb if you can't read it don't eat it
so I guess that would be kind of home
remedies that I try which are just not
remedies is just lifestyle changes this
is from skrt skrt
all right that made me laugh can you
explain what your brain goes through
before during and after you've had a
seizure before from what I remember it's
kind of a disorienting feeling where my
where's me at this is weird me out
talking about but maybe it's gonna help
someone it's a got that really weirding
me out
I just might make you no sense for
anyone else right now but I get this
like weird - my body feels like it's
going like this did-did-did
and I go left okay that okay that I
don't like that I go left and from what
I remember I hear things briefly and it
doesn't hurt that's the weirdest thing
that's misconception maybe some people's
it hurts it doesn't hurt you can't
necessarily die from the seizure unless
you fall off you know stairs a ladder or
do something stupid or fall on your head
that's usually when people get hurt
really bad from seizures for me it feels
like that kind of spin in circles or at
least it feels like I'm spinning in
circles of probably not never asked Ally
I've never ever ever watched the video
of anyone ever having a seizure ever
because I know I could relate to it I
know it freaked me out
so it feels like that my brain doesn't
really do anything it just feels like
it's trailing off and then when I wake
up then it's like literally you pass out
I don't know if it has ever passed out
before but you just literally pass out
when you come to for me I go I'm like
hyperventilating almost and then ally
has to calm me down when I come to I
have very exhausted I'm very tired I
don't know what's I kind of know what's
going on Ali tells me it takes me like a
few minutes to kind of come come - so
they come - and realize the situation
okay here's the worst part my entire
left side of my body goes weird and Ali
does not let me get up until I can go
like this and I can go like this if I
can't do that she's not letting me go
anymore
I'm so stubborn because I for me when I
have one and I wake up I feel like the
first thing I want to do is get up and
move so it takes my mind off of things
but I get up and I move and I fall on
the ground
and then in just that whole situation
where that's how you hurt yourself
before I feel this weird dizziness after
during I have no idea
after I'm a little store on the left
side I'm hyperventilating
I'm trying to come to yeah that's that's
kind of it and yeah I think that first
time I've ever really talked about that
in depth do you still say they poke my
brain I love that I do because I think
it's again coming back to my morbid
sense of humor or just my sense of humor
is that that kind of stuff helps me cope
I find that funny to me you know that
whole thing where people say oh you're
forgetful so I say come sometimes
forgetful and it has nothing to do with
anything that ever happened this is just
me as a human being kind of like why I
vlog every day so that way I kind of can
remember things a little bit better but
anyway coming back
I still say they poked my brain because
they did twice Ali laughs something
because so you can't use that anymore it
spends like five years and I I respond
sis
I get to use that for the rest of my
life I don't care what dumb thing I say
or do my excuse is always they poke my
brain I got a free out I got a free get
out of jail card this was a little
controversial but this isn't from Ryan I
don't want anyone to get political with
this this is just a good question and
I'm gonna answer it
have you looked into any medical
marijuana treatments with marijuana
becoming legal in Canada opening the
door to more research are you excited
for what it could do for you yes try
coming from somebody what everything was
happening I was taking I'm not even
kidding I think it took a photo I put it
on Instagram one day it was you know
like when you put your hand in a bag of
Skittles and you get skittles in your
hand and you go like this one not a news
address that's how many pills I was
taking twice a day I think it was up to
20 or 30 pills a day it was ridiculous
to this day I'm down to three three
pills twice a day so six total the first
couple I was having allergic reactions I
had Caporal
which is one of the oldest along with
dilantin pepper I had a serious allergic
reaction dilantin I don't know if you
guys know it's horrible horrible drug
not so much as bad for you but it's it's
effective but it's such an old drug that
it's bad for your gums your liver like
everything in your body like it stops
these but everything else gets destroyed
so I got off of that immediately and now
on
nitrogen and then ativan for like
anxiety which I'll be honest I have
exact because it comes back to the whole
you're thinking about it constantly so
you get anxious it's definitely a
vicious circle but coming back to it yes
I'm excited for CBD oil which I do i do
take CBD oil and other things becoming
more illegal because coming from
somebody who has taken so many pills and
medication various things and still not
helping I feel like there's something
else there's got to be something else
that's not chemically putting in your
body and this is probably gonna cause
some sort of political debate in the
comments and you know what I don't care
I don't care what you think that's just
what I think and you can believe what
you want to believe I believe what I
want to believe and that's it
so don't mean to be blunt but when it
comes to this stuff I just I am Pro
health more people that are getting
cancer more people are getting tumors
I don't believe like I don't really know
true history about this I don't think we
have much cancer cases back then old old
days you know before we added the
chemicals and GMOs weird stuff cell
phones to your your body so anything
that's not chemical I feel is a good
idea I'm just gonna answer literally two
more because I'm looking down there
actually epi I'm not really I'm just
assuming this video is super long so
just a couple more this is from Olivia
are there ever fears about your genetics
and how it may affect your children and
children's children I do think about
that and it terrifies me a long time ago
I told you guys about this test and I
took it here's the craziest part
honestly this blew my mind it said I
wish I had the paperwork I had no
genetic mutations for that were
susceptible to various cancers not
saying I don't have cancer which I
honestly thought it was going to take
this and it was gonna be like you have
it you have these genes I got the
results and it said I didn't have the
genes which is coming back to the whole
chemicals and weird stuff in cell phones
and things like that I mean this is pie
this is speculation I don't know I'm not
a doctor and even doctors can answer
this question I do get scared that it
might affect my children not necessarily
because of me because I think I'm
healthy I think my genes are healthy I
think my body as a whole except I had
this
saying which causes everything else is
healthy I think one more afraid of it's
the way the world is going with these
injections and these chemicals and I
keep saying chemicals because I that's
just how I feel okay this is a perfect
one for Melanie and it ties my entire
conversation up in a nice little package
because I kind of don't want to talk
about this anymore
copy honest and I feel like this video
is gonna kind of put the rest not to say
your questions bother me but to answer
the questions in a whole this is more of
just a statement and I want to read it
because obviously hits home I've had two
aneurysms the scar tissue from surgery
has caused seizures which is kind of the
situation for me that they say is the
the residuals the little scar tissue in
my brain when you guys see all the MRIs
little white stuff that's scar tissue
and that's what they think has caused or
is causing that situation anyway
stress and exhaustion are triggers - yep
I always conceived in your face before
you have a seizure and worry so much
sinning loves you both always that's
that's perfect that's wraps it up in a
nice little package so guys please don't
forget to subscribe if you guys have any
other questions I'm willing to talk
about now that I'm getting this off my
chest
I kind of feel a little bit better now I
know it's not uncomfortable but I kind
of feel a bit better so if you guys have
any other questions
maybe not particularly to this but
anything else that might be it might
eventually be awkward for me to talk
about but I think if you ask me these
questions I talk about it I might feel a
little bit better alright guys well that
was fine I'll see you tomorrow
