talkative
wild guess where we are today we're
actually heading to Perth for the last
show tour it's kind of sad but I cannot
wait to get home
every single day that we've flown I
always get the explosive rundown test
Madame getting every single day have you
gotten it the look and it's what happens
is and what happens is I end up to like
kind of chilling around just waiting for
everybody so I'm just a prime target for
them they're kind of like oh well you're
standing here I'm not even just is not
an exaggeration every single one on this
like in domestic Australian
domestic right yeah work within the
country all built into the mirror I like
this broken not that fancy
suppose is not that fancy kisser that
one works we supposed to wash your hands
come on seriously never mind
Frankie is going to draw
that's as easy if you open if you were
open every chair today easy and he's
waving hi to all the trans there's funky
Johnson right so I gotta add is here
pretty close I can totally see it pretty
close ready on the reveal you ready for
the reveal
yeah go for it
and here we go you ready nice earrings
real small spoon you sure you don't want
this Chris
totally taking it like a champ no pun
intended don't give them that
Joseph what hi max I bet hi LOI hi
pretty girl
what's he doing so my mom and my sister
are in town so I had to watch well I'm
kind of like taking care of her dogs
along with obviously my own go figure
and myself along with one of her good
friends and the neighbor across the
street is also helping which I'm super
thankful for but Lola is a little bit of
a picky eater and she's kind of like
she's like Zoe if you don't feed her at
a certain time then she gets a little
bit upset her stomach gets upset I
should say and sorry I'm fixing my
lights right now I have to show you guys
these later because they still look
really great but um so I have to feed
her because she won't eat with anybody
else so I'm going over there spending
time with them taking them for walks no
obviously doing the same thing here I
have to say having five dogs currently
it's keeping me in fabulous shape along
with my gym routine so I'm getting in
extra miles every single day you guys
have poop everywhere this is disgusting
what is up with you what is why do you
so itchy it's like the awkward thing
where you try to go through a curtain I
get a theater there's our malaria net
right there is it not open that's just a
wall I want to go in there so bad
there's some fancy stuff look at that
there's a tripping mr. Duncan here's
some free beer I don't drink beer so you
get two of them so today we are in Perth
Australia
the west coast
right yeah the west coast of Australia
we have I think one day here and then we
have to not doing the wall right now we
have one day here and then we start
heading that long long trip back home I
think already told you guys that
yesterday look at it this is world plan
tonight
right there
be pretty sweet though apparently in
this area it's definitely not much
everything so everything is kind of like
run down or not run down to just close
like business is it kind of close at
least from this area I'm sure in other
places it's not however I looked on like
no Travelocity or whatever hell is call
you know those travel sites
I found this I'm not gonna tell you what
it is I'm going to go tomorrow it's
probably one of the coolest nerdiest
things I'll ever go to we don't leave
until like I don't like 9:00 or 10:00 in
the afternoon tomorrow because you know
the whole time difference is there we do
fly home so we'll have plenty of time to
do that tomorrow just right now
unfortunately I got to get back because
you gotta go to sound check in 10
minutes 15 minutes I just won't make it
Oh
what is yours lead this moment for more
the arrow flies on Eagle Dawn's but our
voices pride that shakes his side
this is Sarah and she did this
masterpiece over here and I just wanted
to show you guys okay so the detail you
nailed it with a little speckles is the
little stuff in the alley with a
freaking coffee I am
Alex did talk to someone okay oh I'm
starting to remember this video I just
remember these stairs being something
where I almost killed myself on a daily
case you'd be very careful those they're
too small aren't they they're too small
it's hard to walk because they need to
be a little bit bigger
you see Aria sign my name yeah there's
no trippy Colette has never used that
much that's too nice to be honest it's
like a constitution changer this that's
my signature this is like he's selling
graffiti what's a guitar amp yeah it
doesn't create a mess that's the best
part
it just sugar finds everything actually
issued because it's not real sugar no
one should be messed up anyway
what about if you're doing I'll throw it
in there goes always go the other way
he's done he's hi Frankie
through the lamp into the thing there's
no way oh just toss it like a basketball
way to go
that's actually more impressive I can't
make it that way
who was that
oh you missed it well I actually got the
whole thing I didn't fall for that hey
what's it
hold me close catch up
to leave this
cuz I feel
here whisper and the sweetest
we closed
to leave this cuz I feel
is now officially the end of the New
Zealand Australia Down Under 2018 that's
a mouthful right there tour it was
amazing that a lot of you amazing people
it's always fun to not only tour but be
able to give the opportunity to go to a
different country and meet a bunch of
you guys specifically a lot of you guys
from the CTFxC is really awesome to like
listen to your stories and just have a
conversation with you guys because I
know a lot of times it's just a one-way
conversation so to be able to read your
letters see photos so what I things a
lot of you guys are showing me photos
that we've taken together over the
course of years I hope you enjoyed
today's video I hope you enjoyed today's
that today's where I hope you enjoyed
the tour because it was awesome
it was so cool can't wait to show you
guys next couple tours we're doing a
summer to work and just show you guys
all over the place again so hi there's
all goofy is to walk up those stairs Oh
takes you like a minute to get up take
three sides
yeah at Casey's like six-four six-five
so it's a little awkward anyway don't
forget to subscribe guys and we are
going home so hope you enjoy the videos
have a great night bye guys
