because learning internet we are
officially off to Yellowstone the park
heading into the park today
Charles is feeling better which makes me
super super happy because he listened to
it very good yesterday right now running
back and of course Charles forgot his
sunglasses this happens every time we
leave the RV
the group is big oh my gosh CGI hashtag
CGI
so the only problem obviously with this
park is that it's like so popular we've
had there like part way over there so I
don't even know where we're walking or
what we're walking to we just thought
once people pulled over
we figured you might as well so it all
just pours into that River go yellow the
rocks are I can't believe how beautiful
everything is
see and the girls are like looking at
the server and they keep trying to find
ways to get in warm for the geysers I
thought you I bet you though it isn't I
feel like it would be cold
you're illegal to touch it no there no
oh so yeah she just doesn't care
she's like I'm doing it uh-huh it's a
little cold not too bad just flopping
his butt around you're not a very good
listener without it it was more there
was she did it the first time
having the bus the first aid kit and
it's because I'm an idiot I slammed my
finger or more appropriately my thumb in
the freaking door the reaction is very
calm it was like it's like common Nozik
how interesting the hands look like it's
over see if I would have shut it like a
doorbell you I wouldn't have a thumb
right now now you're doing a pilot so
great on top of being sick that's good
those different pressures no guys
pressures lifting guy just - yes we're
going to be a good addition though you
know fall asleep
you feel sleep so what do you expect in
a silk like because this is called the
Paint Pot one is 1/8 1/16 pot like a
three part I believe so the lower Geyser
Basin but but it's like step but I think
it's like this week there's something
back there about calling it like the
Paint Pot because I think it come would
I don't know I think it's on that like
there's some that are white that comes
up like it's like a white I could be
wrong don't go down that I look at can
you set it down into it like we're all
that is that with the water like
bubbling the bottom success yet it just
makes you want to jump right into it
you'd be dead in seconds what a hot it
is actually there you can see the
bubbles coming up so this one was one of
those hearing that earlier work that's
called the Paint Pot in that is a bunch
of merapi the code be crazy
China we're just talking about how could
be it would be if like Ulsan it just
stop troubling well look there's a
geyser here I guys are here one there
over there like what are we standing on
right now that we don't Nestle build a
super volcano underneath that they were
like you know I just hear the noise
coming from this right now
you hear that almost reminds me of like
an airplane hangar doesn't that sound
like an airplane hangar
really yeah it's actually really cool
isn't it
yeah interesting is all stuff of a great
force cafe stuff like that really like
this is real when we're walking down to
see the next one
and you can feel like the spritz of
water on our tastes are super refreshing
only one that's like jumping up with
water wow this is insane this is
honestly one of the coolest things I've
ever seen
yeah thank you forget it like the
real-life Bellagio
that's so cool
what's gonna happen over here you know
it's scary and weird thing about that is
that that thing was not serving I get a
haircut I get homeless first thing
anything to do I think was that bubbling
like that at all at all and then all of
a sudden that you start doing it and
that freaked me out
time to ride most fascinating about the
whole thing is that there's really no no
barricade so anything you can either
just slip and fall or you get is run
into a cannonball there's nothing
keeping you other than the knowledge
that that's probably not a good idea is
this done change was that for a second I
was like is that like something people
do and then like oh no it's just
somebody being an asshole
you almost had me on that one
perspective shots of how big a Leah's
compared Christmas cruise
so pretty I'd like blown away at the
amount of land this like takes over
I know it's just kind of Gary some opera
my flesh hello pod will mean you
he's moving this Gary Daniel Holden
like you playing like in the mushroom
yeah like zoom in can you see see we're
doing do you laying eggs in my shirt
it may seem 85 erupted for 47 hours
Wow so it's unpredictable they could
essentially have it at any moment so
welcome welcome to Yellowstone
yeah I get around real quick okay it
burned up I pretty pretty much like I
was saying it's like absolutely
beautiful so evil yeah how do you know
the difference between the hot spring
that you can jump in swim in or hot
spring that you jump in and you're dead
you love somebody else test it out first
yeah you're a leader first no were you
go very cannibal go for you can't always
get asked a friend that always wants to
do things first
there you go
this is mean being justified on the
camera that is awesome
like that like that color because it's
burned or go hide it's just the bacteria
that's going is I could be wrong I think
that that might look like Oh bacterial
bit this is also all bacteria we are on
our way to try to find good old faithful
old faithful just old faithful we do a
little faithful well we keep just
driving down Yellowstone and there's
like this place is just kind of explode
one day or something well we saw this
right here it's like right next to the
road and nobody's around here
nobody's around just us to see this so
clear it looks ever walking closer to
all of these the temperature is
completely changing well but it feels
like you're you're getting out of a hot
China like a sauna yeah you're literally
getting out of a sauna
I like getting out of a hot shower and
then like walking into your bedroom yeah
that works too
it's like so weird why is that weird but
it's just a miracle for this cold out
and then it just dropped this underneath
yeah it actually is commencing Florida
Phil variant in my element right I can't
get over the blue yeah beautiful first
glance you see this parking lot and you
might think hey are you at Disneyworld
why no internet we're not we're adding
geyser called Old Faithful and
apparently it's that popular does that
cheap either hi Internet I'm Ali I'm
gonna show you my I think wait a second
are you today
I don't you get surprised this is no
speed part this is a geyser come on
this is the strangest show I've ever
waved for it everyone's just sitting on
these little benches waiting for those
guys are to erupt and we don't know when
it hit a button that way
anytime any day there's a little bit of
a travel tip if you come to go see a Old
Faithful don't go where the bleachers
are go to the right and there's a
boardwalk and that's where we're at
right now there's nobody here it just
looks like you're just by yourself in
the wilderness and you're like oh the
guys are right there that's my
recommendation don't go to the bleachers
though right and go on the boardwalk
much great view and then you get to see
all these other ones I have currently
lost my wife again never mind I found
her as she found a better spot this is
directly on the other side of where the
bleachers are what I do want to do find
better places for see other real cool
geysers are you and me have stopped how
do you have any more money my dad used
to go today
let me get a wide shot you do the worm
right now just like the dead fish grab
this area
that's pretty cool so cool you know
noticing it it's not quieter than I
thought it would be way quieter and it's
done so that was all faithful I don't
like to be a cynical person but to me
this looks cooler than that bid do you
really mean that just I mean it was cool
pretty far away from a workable like
surrounded maybe - yeah and we felt like
getting away from all the people maybe
it's better where all the people are
that's why all the people are there but
at any rate I still recommend going to
see it this is all the water little
touch it there's no heat that Alvin
Theodore Phil Mook come on here
Marley this like running in like such so
cute
I'm mr. Jim oh well time to wind down
the video ally just made some nachos
tacos this was that what that is so it
could be awesome because I can't taste
anything right now I still don't feel
very well
but I hope you enjoyed today's video we
only just barely scratched Yellowstone
so hopefully tomorrow we're going to
actually do a little bit more but I hope
you guys enjoyed all the geysers because
honestly if you guys get a chance to go
check it out the color is just unmatched
to actually seeing and realise but
anyway don't forget to subscribe and go
check out the playlist of the other
videos from the road trip for the past
15 days because we're winding it down
now so you might want to go watch those
if you have it or we watch it I don't
know I'll see you guys tomorrow but
you
