good morning it's like 7:00 in the
morning I gotta go drop my car take it
fixed and I really love doing like when
I wake up in the morning my favorite
thing in the morning is trying to keep
the dogs up when it's super early I'm
gonna take your bed now that you're
leaving can I have this now cool all
right
super really I'm just gonna sleep right
here wait I'm in the driver's seat of
all that's I don't mean to alarm you
that you have an entire beat and
tapestry draped on your body what is
that old clothes and shine hello sorry
I'm just being me sometimes
dad mom the swirly swirly is what you do
when you put someone's head in a toilet
you flush it
that's a swirly I got it's also when you
go around one of those things I don't
know what
no it's you just got done shopping
shopping we didn't really do anything
shopping life they're looking for stuff
for Kim for rush it's kind of exhausting
it's like really ejecting when you can't
find any clothes you like and we went to
like an outlet mall or whatever so that
we could try and find committee wants to
pay full price for crap nobody not me
anyway disappointing and I'm just gonna
hold the camera on you so you say
something just voguing okay oh my god
we're gonna go get lunch
don't nobody eat we don't know what to
eat we're getting smoothies I thought
yeah oh yeah oh yeah
these are mines he's going crazy I'm
forcing you really hard
how much fun did you just have oh my god
it was like totally go in well
apparently I have ahead of the game
apparently I took care of this recall
thing in November didn't didn't know
that punctual Charles is punctual yeah
that just means I woke up super early
for nothing okay it's funny actually
because the touring going from Europe to
Australia to all over the states instead
of the past four or five months I
literally have no idea what time it is
or the time zone I'm in so sometimes I
wake up at 3 o'clock or 6 o'clock in the
morning and I'm ready to go for the day
it's kind of funny see I told you we're
leaving
came right back home like oh you left
again and now he's been struck struck by
the migraine virus yes bug eyes what do
you need something okay
help her out get rid of all the
migraines okay we sniffing stuff okay
good job no my pistachios silly tail did
it no no don't leave
it's getting Marley did you chew that
you're not Jesus
she's the stocking Marlee well well well
we're back here again got to get another
camera cuz I killed another one I'm
warped or surprised let's try this again
dance dance oh yeah
put it away you're scaring children so
why'd you buy that camera because I
broke Danny's so if any of you guys know
go ahead and write it down in the
comments below how many friggin cameras
Charles has broken I guess what happened
I don't even know anymore
see I'm sitting on one right now and I
end up I break the screens right cuz you
sit on them but they're used every day I
don't sit on mine mine has still not had
a single crackit and as a matter of fact
there is a chip on the side of my camera
because Charles dropped it when he was
using at one time I don't I'm really
careful with my electronics speaker did
you tell him what else I ended up
breaking that we have to replace you
today
in my defense it was hanging off the
edge of the sink I was on the edge of
the sink that's such bad luck like oh
and you oh this is this is just the top
it off proof that I suck you ready ready
for this yeah you see look look
carefully is notice anything yeah that
is how does a crack on my iPhone I've
had every single iPhone since 2007 I've
never dropped them in my entire life I
dropped it for the first time ever and I
broke it
no sympathy bored so bored let's pick
one all the same hurry up oh my god the
snakeskin one get I got you get that one
get that one that's on there now you can
straight your hair into a mullet do you
think if you automatically do this it
just automatically straightens your
hairs like autopilot into mullet mode
just get that one that one's better that
one let's go there get a brush with the
hell is this
No
you're still in Reverse
I don't want to die
what the hell happened here there's a
forager back
before stuck
well
I have to show you guys this and I
really have no idea how to take this I
feel like this is a huge compliment
somebody just told me if you go to
Google if it's just go to the goofs you
go to google.com and then you type in or
you know the search you just go new hair
then go up to the images so you can see
all the photos of new hair right so you
see all these people like Kim Kardashian
Justin Bieber blabbity blabbity blah do
you guys notice anything on this first
page for new hair do you do you notice
anyone particular perhaps anyone out of
the ordinary that doesn't belong I don't
know maybe this guy yep just chillin
between Avril Lavigne and Justin Bieber
that's pretty awesome
all right that's uh that's I think
that's a compliment
Thank You Internet that's pretty cool
tell the internet what you did tell her
what tell me what you did I have to pin
her down because she was trying to eat
poop again okay you're free
thank you for behaving oh wait is is
that Marlee now does she want to come in
she wants to listen now you didn't what
you didn't want to come in earlier but
now you want to listen huh what do you
think she would let her in no you were
too cool you were too cool to listen you
were too busy eating rabbit poop I don't
know I maybe you should fend for
yourself a little bit now you're too
cute get in here
no wait now is always leaving okay well
somebody wants to go swimming
so Ali is watching the Olympics right
now and I was
you're the mom just like I'll scratch
your face this has been something like I
don't know it's not a really a problem
but it's one thing I've always known
since I was little I have no idea my
hands get Prunier than anyone I can ever
imagine like my sister my mom and my dad
my friends I might look at my hand
look how pruney it looks it's like super
pruney I'm like an old man I have old
man hands I got crazy really quick
didn't it yes ignore my stupid King top
can get rid of my farmers camp and I
have this stupid thing weird though
right I swear if I was a squirrel and it
just so happened to like stumble upon a
pistachio tree I would eat myself to
death no no doing that though though
don't eat that
you're no squirrel you know I'm
genuinely curious how would you know
you're twitching you are twitching you
want this so bad how would you get the
nut in there I just want to see how
you're gonna do it as your game plan
just use your thumbs know that okay oh I
see the problem you have no thumbs right
brother run you farted because the
mighty process the alias endure with her
curly hairs hmm
by the way this is exactly where the
other one was and I walked by and I
nailed with my foot so Internet back me
up your hair is on the fire it smokes
every time we do that
your hair is smoking your feel smoking
hot oh my god you're so actually really
not are you doing that you want to bed
yeah I want a little less like unnatural
oh yeah CTX hit him on the mom yeah yeah
guys talking about Kristen Stewart so oh
yeah she is a jerk isn't she it's
idiotic that she cheated but back I was
married with kids so it's exactly like
the plot of a dungeon land yes kind of a
shit is exactly what it is
get back here this is what women do all
the time we should do boyfriend does
your makeup thing that trend thing on
YouTube oh my god Oh internet do you
want me to do her makeup maybe tomorrow
they're doing makeup if the internet
says I can kind of you make them can I
do you make it when you're sleeping well
it's time to go to bed I will see you
guys tomorrow
worse 80s
giddy with child tripping
with DNR we don't forget so anymore
