good morning it is laundry day going
through all the clothes from Warped Tour
and it's kind of good it's it's like
playing Russian roulette because you
don't know are you coming to help you
looking for toys that's what you're
looking for isn't it
nope these are dirty get these distinct
slowly backing out
really for example look at this from
Portland cuz all the clay this is what
color should be blunt Ranger region eat
it get Ally's making you a better anti
rain hat protect you good thing it's
gonna protect you from the rain hey wait
we'll have to make you wear that every
time it rains now oh my guess the
resemblance is uncanny which is the real
Zoe which is the real Marlee and when
you can't move you're giving it away you
want away don't fit on my help so we Zoe
and Marlee Zoe and Marlee have to go pee
Zoe Zoe and barley
Zoe immorally have to go pee they have
to go pee right now or they might go pee
on the bird don't judge me
looks like cocoa watch DT recently is
just trying to be like him go go turn
around
stop licking your butt she's right a
bitch she's trying to be like et et
phone what are you doing
excuse me
get off the camera goes I go get it
hurry Zoey Coco's protecting the
alligator
I guess that's inner moat that's nerd
rock and freddie mercury
mother of God it's like identical his
new rock on the left or right internet I
can't tell we're gonna go have a family
day at the beach you bitches ready you
bitches ready are you ready ready give
him to me give up to me give him to me
give him to me give him to me yeah baby
pick that poop ah sorry going on you're
not get in there you know you want to
come on it's gonna enter the face oh
there she go oh jeez no no do not know
don't dig Turtles daddy doesn't want to
go the federal prisons oh please don't
do that
come on Marv ride the wave in there's a
big one coming
I'm starting to think that Zoey Marley
just liked the idea of the beach and not
actually actually the beach well unless
Ally of course drags him out there now
Charles looks like he's working harder
than the dog
I don't want to alarm you but you have a
creepy dog right over your left shoulder
wait wait try to eat it right great yeah
they're an Ikea Marley's head get it
though you give up too easily this is
always the best friend he looks a lot
like Charles's first dog Alex
mom mom when you were growing up right
like you oh don't get me today meerkat
money meerkat Marley that's exactly what
she looks like
oh my god that's so funny where are your
feet Molly you're just a stubble I
really hate you guys right now
Oh check it out there's a hawk just
chillin it's just getting gas don't you
like Tennessee we'll try that scare he
sees me
hello hawk what are you walking at
hilarious to watch him play at work
correct Greek fire I'm sure Ali hasn't
got to listen to it people were asking
me if there was any bands like new bands
I discovered on Warped Tour there are
two bands first one was Greek fire story
of the Year guys the second is a band
called stepdad big dude big beard oh so
good but those are two bands that warped
or that I was just watching every day
ghetto editing use that up cause you got
this back abolish did it go for it
anyway
yeah let me out check approve locks I
don't know how to get out of car where's
Ali's reintroducing me back to society
by taking me to Tijuana
little by little a million reintroduced
a favorite place in the world the hot
sauce bar deliciousness yeah I playing a
game now I don't know which ones are hot
I just mixed it in there so it's gonna
be kind of guessing Jack let's try this
one
do not put cheese on my ring the cheese
a little tiny bit of cheese I don't know
if you guys can see it oh no we can't
because there's a red friggin background
there we go can you see that I got a
bonus
I got hair I got hair of the cheese he
does a moped gig don't braid your hair
though talk don't talk don't talk
I see what they did there clever clever
bumper sticker clever oh my god honey we
have to go see this movie I think it's
where Dino we're seeing tonight I
already know only other thing they could
top it is Magic Mike I'm sorry what did
you just say about a purse what happened
to us what happened when i walked in i
could see these awesome things and i was
like honey do you have any quarters she
said no and I said what the hell is the
point of a purse I feel like every guy
yes you agree right what's the point of
carrying a giant look at this you know
buddy coins you could have in this I
could be playing Kim and I could be
playing Terminator Salvation right now
we're gonna be breaking the rules
we got 10:31 so we're going to the ten
o'clock one so we just got out of watch
and I think it was a funny movie but I
think the funniest part was this lady
was just so what was it what was her
impression was like oh my god I recorded
some audio so just listen and this is
this kind of some parts where she was
just laughing hysterically
that was that you got your weather radar
going your ears are sticking straight up
though so the new shirts
dftba just sent us the new shirts as you
can PI saw I was wearing it earlier
today didn't turn on the light how do
you turn the light on this there is you
guys want to see them you want to see
them
yeah you like that it's too much
sexiness in one video make sure to go to
CTFxC merch and get your own awesome
shirt and tank top and yes we finally
made wristbands we have all the other
shirts as well like the Nerds and the
raffle and the haters and some hoodies
left I think there's a couple hoodies
laughs but yeah CTFxC merch calm
are you guys getting ready for bed just
watching some YouTube videos I hear you
should check out this this channel
called CTFxC i hear it's pretty good got
a shameless plug look on top of my lip I
just shaved and the stupid there just
long hair look at that okay okay right
there her name is time to go to bed
guys secret phrase today home sweet home
because it's good to be home
right home sweet home because you guys
are home too you guys are kind of home
now too in your virtual home now you're
probably in your home right now watching
this video so where do you guys watch
this video maybe write that in the
comments - I want to see where you guys
watch these videos like he's on a train
or something all right I'll see his mom
waiter
yes
with child trippy
merci
in early
