wait if you promise you'll be good I'll
bring you home a daddy okay you promise
you'll be super super good I'll bring
home a daddy for you is that sound good
is that a fair deal good morning guys
I'm on a plane heading home I got
upgraded oh and we landed on Mars and oh
there's a quarter in there too for you
guys I has been explode we are in
Atlanta or I say we I I lost Danny he's
still on the plane what actually
happened is uh I think it was a couple
weeks ago my camera actually broke so
Danny's been letting me use his the
entire time and lo and behold I I broke
did I broke his at the little bit number
that Best Buy kiosk that we tried to
stick our hands in the last time oh yeah
let's just see if they still have that
it's been so long but I'm back in
Florida ally is right there so we're
still waiting on her let's go home but I
have to go to the Apple store to fix my
computer yes my brand-new computer it's
okay no there goes my bags right back to
the hole getting closer I have never
liked ever been stopped I have to be any
other train track I've never seen the
know what do you groom is true oh my god
is only two cars are you kidding me
daughter in a beer all day guys
seriously two cars
Jesus is the pink and I'm in the blue
I'm waiting for Ali right and nine of
the afternoon and I get to just go it's
not really like how it has song but but
remember when we were obsessed with rock
band and we would always play this was
the song we always play dudette before
it's open I need to fix my computer it's
got a dead pixel so I'm dragging them
along first thing I do I land and that's
the first thing I do what is this it's
get like views on it
it's on like this paper it's very
strange
paper of news
all right thank you for just check it
out because so make sure to get them you
like my face decoration
come on oh it's okay come on
come here let's go hi I fell asleep it
took a little nap how about give the
hide hide hide let's go
they can't get you up here come on good
time for daddy to come home oh I've
never seen you two so scared
okay hold on hold on Ali went to the
store to go get some food cuz there's no
food in the house well I have an idea
see it's helping just helping see it
can't get to us when there's a luminol
foil or a head okay oh the little falls
off your head oh my god / - they're good
thunder and lightning can't get us if a
lunar coils that I have okay there's
popped off hopefully fix yours oh you
feel a little bit better just feel
better thank you mel gibson's whoa that
is pretty crazy
the bad
raining oh my god I haven't seen that
yet do you think you get special
treatment just cuz you related I was
hoping huh but yeah so big she loves you
there's this better did you find them
did you find them this is my favorite
okay
oh so cute okay well this one looks like
you okay see it looks like you a duck
listen to it
that's like confusing enough okay like a
dinosaur rawr there you go yeah Marty I
got something I got some for you ready
you ready for this you ready for this
it's uh baby pig
it's a baby pig see for Marty
doing the Big Pig nobody knows what to
do with it
well since I'm still not allowed to
drive I'm gonna go try to get dinner for
Ali myself and well Zoey Marley if they
want try to get some pizza but I have to
drive the golf cart thank God it has
like headlights up over a frog seriously
what the hell frog this this honestly
feels like it's gonna be if it wasn't
for Jimmy Eat World I honestly feel like
this is a horror movie right now it's
all good okay if that branch
look at these dumbass frogs you say get
run over dudes all of you every one of
you you two might have excluded your big
one get out of the way thank you all of
you guys get out there don't go into the
road go out of the road thank you dumb
frogs
it's another ones Reaper oh my god this
thing has a horn get out of the way frog
seriously this pizzas gonna be ice cold
if you guys don't get out of the frickin
way come on
come on come on come on come on come on
come on get out little along show me
this isn't this is impossible I'm gonna
kill a bunch of frogs for a pizza I
don't want to do this I shall call him
asshole and asshole - I feel like a like
a Neanderthal I try try to get food this
is this is the modern way of getting
food right now I'm gonna hit myself on
the pole come on we can do it we can get
less
and the modern Thresh
keep its trashcan
it's in my way you saw it y'all saw
victory
it's coming our way sir
were safely at sex
get it with y'all trippin
with trip in early
