all right I'm at the airport I'm picking
out my baby cousin she came here to
visit for a couple of days and I'm so
very excited so we're gonna go grab her
now yeah I don't have a second hand clap
ahead that was awkward air clap the
moment in Kim's history's we're getting
it on camera
we're going over to the Sunshine Skyway
and I don't think Kim has ever gone over
it before enjoy like a new woman do you
feel like a new person
oh yeah it is really scary actually I
kind of hate driving on this and high
winds because you can feel the car
moving and it is super scary plus it's
really just go first one went to jump
off okay am i yeah what does it call the
gorge and gorge and George or something
like that yeah I don't think all the
windows are locked
I don't think we're gonna get out anti
monkey but I don't know sweat this is
what tears deep just in case let me see
oh yeah that's your house like we're
only Reuben for one of us here I don't
know if you guys can see all this but
great you like that Jerry you like that
all right
Mellon investors downstage except Danny
you like that
shut the duck up this almost drove
completely a cock across the country
from one end to the other right in like
a day day and a half and then if you
think about like the Pioneers and all
that stuff when they try to do it it'd
take like weeks months years and then
you would get malaria your your ox would
die one of my shoes
is the other one is it's a long walk
from the bus it's the closest we ever
been to the stage two more shows Colie
what's the best thing we could possibly
do after playing a show get over here at
hearing test ah we're going
progressively death because Ally's
always saying I don't listen so this is
a perfect example I could take this
piece of paper home and prove that I'm
always they capable of listening clean
my ears yeah when you go to the part
where you take our pants off sir sir sir
keep the pants on sir I'm nervous I
really hope this suck I don't want to be
I'm probably not gonna film could I need
to focus like if it's in another room
right now right now we just play a shock
frequency
this how cool a boss is here but lesson
it's not flattering angle early you know
yeah just some air
take it out he just told him not to open
his job
say something for drugs what did they
say to all your fans is it all did
as the time passes
what's think about Burma good very good
douche branch breaks it
we got played sass ones
because I want to come out
holy crap it was weird
you guys have like M&Ms we could just
like throw it in your mouth right now
pen caps total work what what you say
call you singing something so here's my
results it's kind of interesting I
always thought my left ear was better
than my right this is the lower
frequency and that's the higher
frequency is it just this is really cool
girls this guy's a runaround yeah yeah
oh God
oh poor birdy they chased it away I feel
bad now
they're such jerks you want to check out
something ridiculous that the cat did to
me earlier check this out so I was
trying to show the cat the pool and get
her to go in the water a little bit and
she scratched the balls out of me hurts
so freakin bad it's like a freaking
razor for tiny little razors look at my
Zoey you won this okay Wow just
literally snatched that right out of my
hand I guess she does want it
what's your boo-boo scary a little scary
yeah just imagine that's your arm look
what she's trying to do keep Dani and I
from writing on the tape I was being
punctual clothes hungry so
yeah we can definitely get Danny he'll
laugh at that one why don't you try to
write another one there I don't know
Eddie
I get it I get it that's good somebody
we know it sounds like I'm looking for
an animal okay name that movie name that
movie anyone there we go I'm going to
show you guys something you have to
figure out what it means or what it says
that's it
figure it out tell me the comment bear
drock's killing it
hunter killed it Danny actually did
better the second time which is heart
make sure to yell extra loud when
talking to Danny when you read little
baby years while the resemblance is
uncanny
I pretty good on do hair whips this is
awesome alright on the internet Internet
in the comments below which is the real
Travis on the left or the right giving
it away so it looks like we have one
more day and
I fly home so important to our last day
it's been a long couple it's like 60
something shows we play 60 shows in like
16 three days
that going to work
Oh
man up
air rocket is country
find me some cognac please where's this
one is good
they called it hapless you cognac
control it is a very fine bottle of
that's my brother doing like that half
Dutch French pseudo Dutch Dutch hey
nerds everywere finally a bottle of wine
just for you we have the right oh my god
it's a card it's a you can mail this
thing yes open it is there anything on
the inside or just oh my god dream big
be happy
believe in yourself I can't even believe
that's a real thing it's a justice it is
head is a size my hand that's a real
card oh my god that is awesome
it's kind of crazy think about like the
last one two months 1660 something shows
I think it wasn't two months it's
definitely gonna be nice being back home
sleeping my own you always just
witnessed me dying there's so much trash
you have a draw we can't see it there
yeah and the award the best death scene
goes to Yoshi okay you alright guys well
it's time to go to bed this is the last
time I'm gonna be saying a night from
this tour bus
from Warped Tour because tomorrow I'm
flying home like I was saying earlier so
I will see you guys tomorrow good night
where's the sexy
with y'all trippin
with trippy an early don't forget
