good morning Moses Lake apparently we're
at Moses Lake with that water tower says
no see we're at Siri where am I
we are
there I don't know what that means when
all else fails just look at the signs I
guess we're in Washington in Iraq like
we're in a Busta Rhymes music video we
so we so danger Russ 50 percent milk fat
better than 1% of men 2% is better
2% is too much percent fat and it versus
1% back
yeah has more taste I got a salted nut
roll by the way sup beer I we're going
to Seattle I was gonna get some some
espresso shots but then I realize we're
going to the mecca of Starbucks and I
felt like it would be blasphemous and I
may be shot on sight so I am just
holding out
Brian's a little skateboarder
so we've been here in Seattle for about
an hour and we've all were just sitting
on the bus and Koli made the comparison
I was like being in jail for 50 years
and then opening the door and it's not
knowing what to do with yourself
so we've just literally we've been on
the bus for a day and a half just
driving we have no idea what to do so we
just talked to our lovely girl her name
is Caitlin and I have one of these
little cards that like I don't know
guess because we drink this so much
basically they'll make it anyway
don't make it anyway that you really
want like you can make a $30 drink and I
just talked to one of the girls and she
says if we come back we can make Danica
I can make the craziest drink we want
for free is this the express way to shop
what are you crazy that a bitch is doing
are you in the pool everybody's going
swimming hey Zoe
good girl oh god oh god it's so weird
she always does that it's like she
cannot shake off unless she's near a
person she purposely gets people wet
yeah little jerk head going in the house
you drip away
what do you think should I get new
glasses do these work try find some
other ones
I found a winner I feel like this is
where like your bill can really back up
because you just like present present
and then they'd like conveniently space
like cupcakes and stuff like that I
already got a purple you had the
performance are you waiting for the
crispy one I think can you grab it it
went by and I was like ah no this is
what I was saying my eyes are bigger
than my stomach I just dropped the
grabbing everything and I was like stuck
with like they're doing it though going
keep coming back to its going gone yeah
I think the cat is a cat under the
basket mm-hm
you see those claws Oh God he's always
really intrigued by them like a basket
with arms oh my god this is so funny
Oh Zoe like please come here hide me
ready I don't want it hey what's in
there Zoe what's it so what is it what
is it though get it she's okay so your
face yeah oh Jesus
it looks so funny that there's just like
a pawn out have you sure oh I think this
is the cat's new favorite toy she just
like runs around in the basket oh boy oh
boy a round in circles Zoe what are you
doing oh this is gonna be a problem so
he's just poking her I know she's poking
gita' get to enna basket hi hi Bryan
just dropped off or our key and we're
gonna go film and try to get the world's
most expensive Starbucks awesome Danny
wants to throw a bunch of cookies in
there panini perhaps I don't know here
we go Trent says straight espresso
oh we got to fit the cookies in there
gotta get some cookies and we were going
to try to make the most expensive
drinking possibly can using there we go
we're gonna call this Danny and Charles
what help get any ideas oh we can we can
we can trickle this number we got a
triple this number so on a special
protein powders good there we go keep
going double it triple if you can
Hendershot is not allow about 89 this is
the world's most expensive
world's most expensive cup of coffee
right there now I'll turn it around so
that's why you can see in our faces but
you'll see this masterpiece we break the
blender it's no big deal what is that
like three hundred dollars added to the
total 20 or 10 because that's amazing
can she do that so we're at $38 $14 a
cup of coffee now ours is starting right
there it's filling up cuz our ten shots
of espresso going in oh my god no idea
what any of this means and we're still
filling up alright so this is where
we're at right now 17 then we got the
$20 tip so we got $37
we actually got discounted for ordering
so many things there's our soy milk
that's gonna add an extra dollar don't
be shy on that powdered girl wait they
smelled like you just gag
it's like baby poo is it spin it you put
spinach in there yo thank you very much
Stan's gonna taste a $40 couples coffee
first
they're just too many flavors maybe the
whip cream offset banana right is that
normal I don't want to drink anymore
world's most expensive cup of coffee $40
in the comments if you can think of any
other like variations to make the most
expensive to beat this let us know and
prove it won't try this again I think
this could be our new little mission
every single time to get one of these
what concoction what mixture we could do
to get over $40 I don't know what any of
that means though it sounds like
colleagues on the bottom but it wasn't
extra coffee you like it yeah it's like
a sundae you like it yeah dessert like
you would order this look at this you
did pee in it
no no no it's not bad the second that
rounds taste that $37 drink
you do it
you downing it look you're downing it
and for everyone else on the bus there
we go ah I got a surprise do you
remember a couple weeks ago Danny and I
went to go visit the Austin people at
the on walk tour called Marley the House
of Marley stage and they had the
headphones and they gave us a pair of
these awesome headphones well recently
I've become pretty awesome friends with
the guys from Marley and they asked they
were pretty intrigued with the CTFxC
they thought you guys were really
awesome they loved watching the videos
and just watching your comments and in
the interaction basically between you
Ally myself Zoey Marley and basically
everybody on the internet they asked if
I could give oh if they could give away
a couple pairs of headphones and
naturally I said yeah I think I think
they might be down for that so they gave
me two headphones two pairs of
headphones not to give away to you guys
see there in that way let's see they're
in there they're not empty boxes so to
make this super easy how are you gonna
win these is basically you have to
follow me on twitter which is
twitter.com slash Charles Trippy and
Marley on Twitter which is twitter.com
slash the House of Marley and use the
hashtag CTFxC Marley you know at Charles
Trippy out House of Marley I want some
headphones hashtag CTFxC Marley the
hashtag is very important so we can
basically track everything and you have
to make sure to follow both of us so
that way we can DM you if you win I just
thought you guys would like something
free it's really nice of them they
definitely didn't have to do that and it
was just very thoughtful because they
were just really diggin what we do here
on the internet because you guys are so
awesome I'll put all this stuff in the
video description below so you can check
that out I haven't been an iMac since I
worked
remember when I used to work in IMAX
it's been a while
get our snacks we're ready to go thank
you right or I could watch Anne Hathaway
ride the bat-cycle I can ride an
Hathaway on the bat-cycle yeah
I've ever played half-life you know
obviously there's like a helicopter type
of thing the helicopter looking things
that chase Gordon Freeman you know
talking about it's like the exact same
thing and see kids it never hurts to ask
cristen c is key thank you now things
you just said you're fired and it looks
like you think it jumps thank you
success never hurts to ask
never hurts that husk it's not bad but
it's not good see that's nice time to go
to bed I just took a nice little shower
in our day room and going on the bus to
pass out so yeah we have two more days
on warp tour countdown begins first we
had the world's most expensive coffee
and I proved it's possible to go through
a drive-thru without a car
i that was that was more for me take
your word for today receiver phrase for
today
it's just Victoria with as many
exclamation points as you want to
possibly put I don't even know what the
the counter limit is but victory all
right guys
worse yet
with y'all trippin
would be an ally don't forget so anymore
