good morning guys we are in the middle
of nowhere there's the police station
this is this is crazy where are we
bringing your camera all right
I don't know what to buy there we go
that would be great in the house good
doggish does it actually play it is
crazy
the only I don't know what state I'm in
South Dakota never I've been in North
Dakota for but this is weird
they've never seen my kind dude oh my
god that's a real horse
that's a taxidermy horse ill ill I could
take them I just don't want to
I don't get it I understand all the old
tiny stuff but what life we've got so
randomly here staring a great at the
camera
this we're just zoom in know Jesus he
knows look at oh he's just staring right
at the camera that's creepy the gays
you know this guy wrote jailhouse rock
bitty genius that's where we're at but
it's a new car
yeah I guess she looks like a zombie so
usually I just took a photo you want to
see it
yeah we're pretty awesome let's go see
the waterpark
yeah I think we're in the wrong area
what's the big deal with wax paper are
you making photo
Wow that's over here now we decided to
make a little detour look at that yeah
just get out of the fish there we go
it's much better now crazy I thought it
was like so much bigger you guys getting
some beverages Rushmore some beverages
another way to do it
good old Florida 2017 so which one is
dr. Evil's lair
was it was it Lincoln I'm thinking team
America a that team America was so did
Richie Rich uses laser beams you do this
how do we get the play there right there
that'd be amazing that Foo Fighters
probably done it like every weekend
Mountains actually made out of limestone
it was a waterfall once carved these
faces in the Rockies and vampires one of
the vampires company vampires lived
after Lincoln who destroyed them all
actually is that the rock we're Nicolas
Cage poured the water just here yeah
before the water bottle right there and
then the some bricks over there it kind
of looks like a Nickelback cover they're
all looking different directions well
now I could say I have a seen Mount
Rushmore
no it's just a shot
okay guys oh I think I found the most
sour fruit I've ever eaten it's called a
pluot but it's called a flavor grenade
pluot it's like the most sour bitter
thing I've ever eaten and I can't stop
eating it because it's so good but like
oh my god bitter
what's so sour oh my god oh so we can
find these in your grocery store you
should try them
maybe I'm just really sensitive to it
but I can't stop making this ugly face
Oh break it down in the soul Oh too bad
Rob Thomas is a dick in the comments
right now who is your favorite Ninja
Turtles tell me right now in the
comments I like crazy horse they steel
building
I'm reliving my this was my favorite
movie
trained for the call
how's that PB&J there kool-aid so good
yeah the worst part about it though I
think I've ever I ate too good all of us
out of sheer boredom Jarek one that's
what we're supposed to be doing drinking
the wine you've never done IMO it's like
where you take a shoebox
you cut aside and you make like a
landscape be perfect space get them get
them go beat up again yeah can you guys
hear that cape up in the background well
in the true spirit of being escaped up
as you possibly can my brothers decided
to it's quite nice I feel like people
just aren't ready for it maybe right now
but I think he's gonna try to take it
back I don't think I've seen anyone in
public wear these pants actually at one
time we're at the mall all in one I
think someone was actually wearing a job
dress pants that was right after using I
thought them but bringing the floor they
deployed oh yeah it's a day for
experimental beverages and I have this
weird thing I don't even know what it's
called new Nouveau new Nouveau it's
French
I guess it's really weird it's like a
sparkling wine cooler Simon and I got
something for you that I know you're
gonna love and I'm sure you've tweeted
before about this so people will
understand anything
yeah like should I God I thought was it
well blue is the blueberry and then
there's these new kinds yeah
the world's quietest place can't even
hear a car even by the interstate this
is crazy sound the nei are playing a
game where we try to find a rock that
looks like something other than a rock
here's mine looks like the state of
California where's your Arrowhead wow
that's amazing when you lay in your bed
and you know the little spackle things
on top of the ceiling you just stare at
them and see if they can actually make
like a constellation or anything like
that I used to do that when I was
younger
you get one
you're thinking about everyone look at
that run well everybody loaded a new
skin on the Charles Trippy channel has
two versions of the skin
I'll have Ally put a link right here on
my face rate right here click that and
go check it out alright guys it's about
time for me to hit the hay I know today
was kind of a little short on my and I
didn't really have a lot going on today
my aunt and uncle are coming into town
tomorrow Ray's still gonna be here in
case you guys didn't know I was supposed
to post the cinema video yesterday but
I'm going to be posting it today on my
channel so go to youtube.com slash Ally
you can check out the latest cinema
video I'll be reviewing snatch and then
if you haven't already you can join in
to the next one alright everyone that's
it for me this evening I hope you
enjoyed the video and I'll see you
tomorrow good night love you guys
worse yet
with child tripping
would be an ally don't forget
