as you can PI here I still have a slight
cold I feel like crap Ali's been taking
care of me I always come to the UH where
you talk no we're in Idaho Idaho the
girl I can say this is the one of the
most friendly City yeah earth baby
no States yeah we've got a lot of issues
like hunting parking and things like
that or whenever he and here it's like
welcome everywhere really it because
last night we just wanted to fall asleep
early but we're almost to Yellowstone
like for naps okay
obviously parts like a new Titan country
I'm trying not to admit that I'm sick
right now
it gets windier and this thing
we're comparing this little again failed
though I get some walkways go to wind
you did
a wire
I'm feeling a little bit better right
now
Ali's kind of blocked her mind I know
it's torva I'm not seriously it's a tour
bus syndrome and you're in the tour bus
get cooped up now he died
what's wrong guy full of love
we are finally in Yellowstone and it's
raining you feel better it's a tour bus
syndrome where you're on the tour bus
and so cooped out to getting that cycled
air over and over again the second I
walked outside to pump the gas believe
it or not smelling gas actually was
better than smelling inside the RV not
does it smell it's just like cooped up
recycled air alleys farting and burping
over here whole time at a party all in
right now that was fun
we were kinda actually bummed we were
driving through Pocatello who woulda
stopped as they hide every one foot
because I wasn't because I wasn't
feeling too good we thought it might be
a bad idea to go expect a bunch of
little kids so we might be able to see
them later
yeah we love everyone we talked to him
on the phone and hopefully maybe on the
way back you folks over the other way
how do you rate I'm a little bump over
to go hang out whatever
but I would just say guilty giddy
everyone's sick it's actually hailing I
can't see those drops of ice are hitting
the ground the counters adhering
feathers like three super heavy rain it
was like I definitely hail runs cows
give the shell to pick the water up get
it get your water get it up you're
terrible at this dude terrible we just
got to our RV park and it's probably the
nicest one that we've been to it's like
a resort
it's just it's like resorts they've got
nice bathrooms it's got breakfast in the
morning get coffee
I think great like just outside of
Yellowstone but there's this cool little
like count surrounding everything so
we're just going to kind of fight
because it's going to rain it has been
raining so we're not really sure what to
do so it's kind of just going to venture
off and see what we can find and go from
there so we're going to be here for like
two or three days what's really nice
we're going to try to head up everything
we possibly can all the geysers all the
basins all the things Ali saw moose you
saw a moose right Alex all the moves she
was like freaking I saw a moose I was in
the back
huge its be gonna bark at that now deal
with that deep look though it's tough
excited right now
Zoey's favorite time of the year is
winter it's a cold weather she would get
so happy it's so funny to watch I think
what we should do so I think's doing our
Christmas see if our family want to go
and like go north
yeah every kind of fun we all know they
love snow although a more than I know we
are everyone have you guys missed that a
travel adventure when was that
beginning of this year last year it was
January this year we had a little random
wrote like we woke up on a Thursday go
I'll put the links in the description
for those videos and we just drove to
North Carolina I think Asheville oh the
winds day
and then we filled it and the dogs got
to see snow for the first time we were
named Charlie shortly killing and
coincidentally their form came clear
exactly it's very perfect timing
just like now the opposite where an
earthquake hit and we're here today I
think we're okay though nobody nobody
seems shaken
although would you like that like I'll
be uh this is a weird thing and it's
probably because I've never experienced
it I want to experience like a really
slight earthquake like just a rumble
just to know what it's like
I just just a little one yeah like not a
lot not like a huge one where things
like gay things like San Andreas or
something like that but just a tiny
little tremor the cool of town for the
sleepy town very quiet sleepy
he sees the bear again he's not a fan of
fake bears it goes through for the bike
good Motel you ought to go to the deer
motel I'm leaving it
I want gifts a little help of gifts of
that day my girls likable my job good
job
oh my god we're good dad Stephanie
Stephanie was just like oh my god you
would not believe what Rachel said this
is Amber oh we're at Yellowstone and she
randomly just found us you know what
you're the first to give X here that's
ever met the dog really yes
only one has ever met the dog yeah yeah
I want to say to the end of it internet
internet anything to the Internet kula
long it's gotta be wide but he afraid of
you smiling like you know Barbie dumb
what do you guys think he never does a
smart successful yeah I just have fun
our burgers what that's amber you fool
moon let's get molding in the gases do
it out this is northern grass or
whatever western grass okay another
thing they all just go of into it do
sister now Garson loves girls are those
guys
ah I thought wash my face in by actually
we go better with what would go habitat
chappal flat cereal
having to be with
it hasn't helped
walking
how hilarious and how awkward that I
kinda wish it actually happened because
the camera wouldn't tell me the whole
thing
now that the children are taking a nap
we draw parents the parents get to go
off and enjoy themselves meaning we get
to go into the candy store so amber was
telling us that there's this famous
candy store that's like right around the
corner we actually walk past it it has
this incredible fudge so we'll stop
there but we're going to go to the candy
shop
what's that rep on not sure the decay
any chef I haven't felt in there drop
tonight
I don't know that's Charles River guys
somebody fish I think that's what is it
it might be I think you're right I think
you're right but I'm not really sure
what it is it what's this thing this is
me nothing
I don't know what that lyric is so cool
man go to the candy shop oh dear God
okay one see you guys for the thirties
all the door has got a one side a
tri-blend door
it's actually good again Disney Tramp
actually really beautiful here we go
raffle for a bed
raffle for it alright no yes we're Apple
for it please to keep in Chernobyl
Avengers into Yellowstone oh that's it
I thought you get the bus it's just like
an automobile
that cars been driving around it's like
all old-timey like Bioshock sounding
like gum guru yeah it's been a crazy
over to roll your hall
unfortunately toast is not just feeling
good so he went back to the RV which is
good because I think that if he gets a
little rest today maybe you'll feel
better tomorrow I am trying to explore
this little town and see what's around
here
there's all a lot of souvenir shops but
it's still very very cool but I think
it's like past that point where it's not
summer anymore now it's becoming like
everybody's going back moving back north
or there I don't know maybe coming going
down south and it's not much come on
here and it's super dreary place so
single on can gorgeous is not mood also
I think it's Tuesday Wednesday I'm not
really sure anymore maybe that's why
there's nobody here
one things I do like about this place is
that it's got like a really old western
feel to it like a lot of the town is
like based off of I guess really
presented I should say a lot of time
presenting our Western vibe which is
kind of neat definitely old timey but
I'm afraid oh this is the place the
Charles lot earlier so it's called big
gusher and apparently that's a really
good piece of place around here and
Charles has been talking about pizza a
lot I might grab some pizza tonight
it's not tonight I'll definitely
approach Amaro today it's kind of like
an interesting day for us just because
yesterday are so you know that we drove
pretty much the entire time there was a
lot of different scenic routes that we
took so it was really nice and
interesting to walk in to be a part of
but now that we're here not that this
town is an interesting it's really
awesome I think that we're just so
drained now from driving and Charles
thing's sick that we just kind of want
to relax I know he definitely wants to
just relax it's just been kind of a
different vibe today but which are being
sick kind of limits us to what we can do
I don't really want to go off and do too
much by myself I don't want to
Yellowstone by myself and see these
beautiful things I know that he's
looking forward to seeing I'm gonna hold
up on that
enjoy yourselves now and don't you worry
about a thing little tip you can hang on
down there
what else do I ever do that literally
scare the problem being the chars been
feeling that good I got him
two surprises one is more from noble
more for me they're going to make me
laugh more than I think they might make
him laugh but I did get him few things
they think are going to cheer him up a
little bit and hopefully make him feel
better just like an ounce of time or for
just a second of time I should say I
feel so bad that it's like the one place
that he's been wanting to come to so bad
and he's just got this killer cold right
now hopefully he feels a little bit
better but at this point I think Russell
is going to be the most important thing
for him Hayek's Malin
are you doing okay I just wanted to make
sure he was feeling good you guys always
commented on my teeth so I thought I'm
going to show you a real one you need a
natural tissue definitely no yeah okay
that's one of the surprises I told you
guys now I have another surprise for you
we're going to go into the bathroom I'm
going to do what I have for you out and
then you come back out it requires you
to be closed because ignoring because
he'll get all the boys to follow me to
the military on another day young is
power I just went to the dentist I don't
know what the talking about good fine it
looks so right in here which is really
funny saturation is really high on this
one
seriously char everything's red up there
some bloke a open the door I'm trying to
make you dead deaf I don't know his
organ give me a half-assed it give it a
half-assed do it do it
you're so judgy you're just a dirty
little a-hole
just put it on Dunkel plain okay I know
check out of these things so these
things are funny I think this is what
the internet thinks my teeth look like
internet is just what using markeesha
Leclerc
one two three don't even matter Jim your
boxers in oh and check out that booty
flap oh you look so good you look like
you're all ready for bed a little sticky
you like it
oh wait it doesn't have a hole little
spot for the pooper scooper yeah well I
hope the two weird gifts that I got you
make you feel better I know we don't gu
p I don't know I think I just want to
get my own back I let it bother me
though they kind of just got me okay
tomorrow it's not going to happen yeah
little Massacre going on right now
it's a pressurization of everything I
went to open up the ketchup bottle and
it just shot everywhere and it was one
of those things was explode I couldn't
stop it I'm afraid to open anything else
right now
should have known did with the relish
too as you could tell clearly today I'm
not feeling good as they progress I felt
a little bit better so I'm hoping if I
go to bed early like eight o'clock right
now unheard of for me to go to bed this
early I feel like if I get the most rest
because this is the place I want to be
the most and see so I will see you guys
tomorrow as always hope you enjoyed
today's video even though I was sick but
I definitely have the funniest goofiest
of life in the world always trying to
cheer me up I'm lucky for that and I
will see you guys tomorrow zone bye guys
