Wow looks like today we're combining
both the main stages in the amphitheater
I think it's supposed to rain or
something
so looks like we are the breakfast of
the breakfast club we are gonna be the
breakfast club today today you know they
switch off the positions of you know the
setlist for everybody sometimes because
sometimes we opened yep today we're
opening at 11:30 The Breakfast Club
now I am throwing my voice kinda looks
like they just stopped building it
doesn't it yeah yeah we got the roof on
whatever screw it
if haircut I'm booked she's got a phone
call mom's mom's popular we always talk
about such girly things I always wonder
like what the experience is like for a
guy when they look at the haircut I'm
sure it's nothing like weather now we
just talked about all this crazy stuff
sure there's probably not the thing
she's like don't point that camera at me
listen
random Holly I can't believe it
apparently today's Warped Tour prom so
everyone supposed to dress up and go to
the barbecue
I might go where am i go to a water park
I'm still deciding I just want to kind
of see what I called how everyone all
dirty it's like smelly just dresses up
here's a fun fact I never went to prom I
think had I thought I was stupid
the sign says no
this is the benefit of having friends
and family come out look at this collie
look at it again oh man there goes our
beach bodies get it right there your
face come on just roll over that's all I
got to do it so totally didn't even show
you guys to finish the product up my
hair this is it I just kind of put it up
but I'll show it to you guys down a
little bit later I'm happy with it I
decided to do bangs but now I'm kind of
like oh bangs and I do this every single
time I do my hair I'm like yeah it's
just I'm crazy and then I end up being
like no I don't want that
so whatever we'll see I'll work it out
Hey HECO go ahead you will go outside no
cause I rock it out there oh and there
go the girls hi yay fun time in the yard
we get to pee on stuff they love this
yard so much it's like I take them
outside in my yard and they don't even
really care that much and when they get
to Grandma and Grandpa's it's a field
day up peeing sorry sorry I won't show
that sensor the pee goes oh I get it
crazy silly so we get out of there you
keep making a mess
you sleepy
I just talked to trav and nerd rock and
it looks like we're gonna go to one of
the water parks that around here so I
got to go charge the camera
don't go to a water park oh it smells
like shoes in here that's where we're
going ready for dinner Drock rode in
Jersey and it's great important this is
very very important I don't think anyone
from walk towards the laude weird in
gross there's the filtration getting all
that pee out 1985 no cat food
no it's all she wants right here it's
like gold literally you know it's funny
that I didn't think to tell you guys the
other day somebody commented on one of
the videos and it's actually really
funny cuz it's totally true it seems I'm
sure to the dogs like Charles just
disappears for like months at a time and
like when he comes home he's always got
toys so it just seems like he goes away
just to like seek out their favorite
toys and then he returns home with like
a giant bag full of their favorite stuff
so it probably seems to them like he
just goes away to collect toys I thought
that was really cute that somebody said
that
challenge I got to go ahead
you did win Charles versus nerd Rock
Charles one develop it further betrayals
one this is a very critical decision
orange green yellow or blue red rock
which one are you doing
green green looks good and there is
warped or over there we're trying to
figure out who's from Warped Tour and
nerd walk pointed out its tattoos
sir where's your tube sir
attention
stop what you are doing immediately I've
been just handed a nursing bulletin what
a poll was like I drowned
Travis's impression of a dog scrape your
back every single time y'all try to film
if I don't drown first
I'm ready still
you guys didn't know the inventor of the
waterslide is Timothy J waterslide
you know Google just Google if you don't
believe me she's an Aquarius
he's an Icelandic an Aquarius all right
so Justin and I decided to go and see
Ted because I've heard some good things
about it I wasn't sure like how I was
gonna feel about it but it seems pretty
funny actually honestly I just want to
see Mark Wahlberg fight a teddy bear you
prepared for this no no you think it's
gonna be good he's struggling the fact
that it's Seth MacFarlane yeah yeah
we'll see well let you know what we
think when we're done watching it's like
a CGI epic cinema insert into this even
though I don't think this is on Netflix
and yeah and the wife said that whatever
thoughts on Ted what do you think either
I can't don't think it was that good
good did you guys like it there are some
parts that were funny but I just kind of
feel like god I feel like crappy things
but I kind of just feel like it was the
same format a family guy just extended
until like a two hour movie like it had
flashbacks in it
I don't know dang it I don't know cuz I
like family guys so it was alright it's
okay in my opinion weren't you guys you
have a monkey on your back yes in front
everybody everybody
just took a real shower
like I should turn around take another
shelter
I got rid of my farmer's tan now I got a
like the worst soft hand on the planet I
just get on the bus I see Yoshi's is
busy cleaning everything you get the bug
right now he's yeah he's he's a bigger
clean freak than I am it's pretty funny
the messy house how many guys we have on
this one involved 13 well with all the
prostitutes on there I've been shooting
this video with everyone just throughout
Warped Tour and I'm gonna be uploading
it on the Charles Trippy channel on a
Thursday so if you're not subscribed to
you do a conversation of Charles Trippy
go there right now pause this video and
subscribe it so I should sit skit
Channel and this is kind of a glimpse
what you can see there's gonna be two
different versions of it we got people
like peeking back Sundays in a new found
glories in it it's just a fun little
skit that I've been working on I just
shot the last piece yesterday so I'm
just kind of doing all the last bits of
like cutting and it should be up on
Thursday so make sure you subscribe you
to Black Ops has Charles Trippy go do it
go ahead there we go there's half Danny
Danny
there's the dog on the horse dog on the
course watch out for the dog there for
the dog their victory congratulations
boys
can't wait to see what you do
we wait
yes
with y'all trippin
yes
with European Ally
don't forget to know anymore
