so they poop we had to do an emergency
evacuation because somebody farted so
bad but the bus is now toxic smells new
Park followed but I know this he's up
olive worked or is there is this
catering alright look good morning
already doughnuts
is it safe to get back on the bus I
guess so
warum well like sure you do they'll be
blessed if it was a knife snake snake
why can't you hear us you're supposed to
have extra senses see figuring it out is
figure it out
is that what slither on is that lip
gloss really cuz big gifts look at this
then I would suppose everything a magic
trick right yeah
there's anything else in there no I'm
choosing the cabbage a crush the buddy I
need to stop at a liquor store he's like
pretty early huh all right this is gonna
seem idiotic but look at these ice cubes
they're like the world's perfect ice
cubes they look fake I'm gonna base my
entire day off of this one cookie a
prince I broke a tooth
don't stop dreaming otherwise sleep will
get awfully boring the in bed thing
already kind of works for that one
uh-huh that's funny
since the secret phase can come into any
time during the video in the comments
right now I want you guys to tell me
what you dreamt about last night or
before watching this video just tell me
what a labrum or what simple dream it
was mine was I dreamt a little mermaid
and it was I lived in a little mermaid
universe it was very very odd very very
odd and we'll put this right here
Rosie Romina
you stick your hand out too hard and I
cannot have again
right now we are coming up on the Gibbs
a lighthouse park and that's what we're
going up in maybe
like case spiral-like case later window
number one can see there we go and I'm
already busy I just want to play ten
stairs waiting number one hello window
number two window number three complete
with a bit of light window number four
complete with zero light bulb can I stop
talking today here signing something or
there's some crap on it
I've seen her signing something and
Danny needed to use a pen he's like I
use that then I'm just like reluctantly
showing it you know giving it to them Oh
would you mind if I use this pen real
quick Charles had you have stolen the
derp is high today way off in the
distance are four porta-potties but in
your way are snakes alligators in a pond
how do you get there it's like taking a
piece of cheese in front of Zoey
Marley's face and just holding in front
of them and it's not giving it to him
alright this is just ridiculous just so
random
alright this is ridiculous yeah we're
gonna play a game guys this is called
the interactive select the porta potti
has never been done on the Internet but
I'm gonna show you the porta potties
just click on the screen and it'll open
up and then after that if you win or
lose you can come back to the vlog if
you don't want to play you just want to
play it because you're lame just ignore
this and just keep watching
select the porta potti you think is the
best just click right there on the
screen and it should work like I said if
you don't to play in you're lame that's
okay you can just keep on watching me
talk right now
we just discovered a new way to make it
so no one ever uses a porta potti okay
you think somebody's in it so you never
know it's just we slip and it's a clean
porta potti way with porta potties well
did you guys win did you win life what
did you lose life let's go use these to
see always keeping things interesting
you know in the vlogs you guys do a
choose your own adventure with porta
potties now we're the first and thanks
to Danny for playing the angry patron
who forgets to lock his door beautiful
dude look at it just flowing in this
I like it looks like some other
lighthouse apparatus window number one
it does I totally lost count all right
this is by far the hardest day don't
figure it's in Hotlanta right so now a
billion landings of totally dangers
looking stuff there's now a warning but
there might be some kind of risk
actually this makes super rusty and it
seems like these bars would not save you
at all if you decided to put any weight
on them crap you look over throw up
right now
just pour it pour it on there
okay good you're catching on it's fried
tofu get him snake get him snake I don't
know who it is but I'm about to go tack
them we haven't had a snake on the bus
everyone do your impression of John
Travolta and phenomenon Danny you can go
first
that's pretty good hunter oh by passing
that I'm gonna rip his face good movie
he's now phenomenal there is look at
this baby thing well well mind your head
mind your head
why doesn't it say mind your mind one of
you guys I gave this dog toy and just
listen to it all right
this is like the best toy you can give
somebody this is a nice titties
look at that nice tent we got thanks to
scooter finding it now we could be like
all the other bands so much dirt I could
feel it in my hands it's just I keep
pulling it out this is dirt from all the
dust there you go whatever time dude I
really wanna break in dust ball dude
it's more cool stuff and you can see how
everything all the that's where they're
most of their freshwater comes from is
just rainfall just keeps going and going
it's just like go back and just listen
to it just listen to it just how good
everybody is at this come on snake let's
go nursing that drink over here people
have no idea where you went
internet I'm sorry I was back to school
apologies is gonna save the world like
Batman but a little bit more formal one
king at a time Judy did they're still on
the islands
I got like saffron chicken clowns look
at Yoshi's family sent pumpkin bread
they can't obey my laundry form she did
your laundry and everything geez
yeah yeah yeah it's sushi look at this
you got cookies
you know what's really funny as I feel
kind of stupid cuz I can't um saran wrap
this your mom's really good at this guys
we're getting close to the hometown show
and say pee but tomorrow we're in
Orlando and then I think Miami and then
say beep hey since we have snake on
board
let's just go like this in the comments
that's a secret phrase I see you guys
tomorrow
good night
see what you did
wait
worse yet sexy
with trippy
with Deanna read don't forget anymore
