good morning Philadelphia doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo we have
a better idea
you like that you like it I have to do
that more and more cities that have TV
shows but those are the only real two
that I know
thumbs up for it's always sunny on
Warped Tour I'm gonna go take a shower
in a real shower and have real running
water it's going to be amazing
come with me I just farted is over there
it is in here is going to have a problem
you guys have no idea how awesome that
feels to take an actual shower and not
from a shower bag feel like a million
dollars I literally feel like a trillion
dollars in the middle of booking my
flight home after tour you want to see
how nerdy I am this is me trying to
figure out the best deal oh yeah all
right
so am i transfer miles and eagles this
but if I pay him and then I have a
discount you knows this but they pay
outright it equals no it's the same
exact bus same black trailer and what
we're doing is we're parking behind here
and no one's gonna know that we move the
bus and they're all gonna go on that bus
now really I wish we can just like sit
out there the whole time so we're big
players like on their soul it's on the
bus
guys hotdog bun just responsive is it
warm
really the warmers are just that is so
weird
we're going to we all got group tickets
and we're all gonna go watch the
Phillies the Philly Phanatic we're gonna
watch some play right over there there's
this giant parking lot it's pretty cool
all right
hungry what's go fine go get some crap
what are they come crab fries that's you
guys watch see some funny that our bus
lits bus can you guys see any difference
between the two here I'll put up with a
photo-op
any differences or is it the exact same
photo by the way I'm on the phone with
Delta I'm trying to get money stupid
ticket books right now but any
differences if you see any differences
let me know in the comments because we
both both of us both bands are trying to
figure it out getting coffee
continuing our mission to play cold
enough hey your coffee sir good yeah
just do this I think Danny left his
phone no no is he turning left or right
get him Yoshi get him I think Danny got
him that's a pretty big bow I hate
people I hate people who seeks our gum
on the ground
Oh sometimes people just suck although I
stepped in gum and it's good to be back
in society normal society electronics
and video games and movies other guys oh
we haven't seen that movie about 150,000
times it's that movie the patriot
semi-pro and saw saw one through seven
with Yoshi we're by the Phillies stadium
at the Best Buy over there and we're
gonna take a photo on this computer
right here
next to the big elephant and you guys
have to find it and at reply the photo
you got to find that and at reply us on
Twitter good luck it's a great photo you
go from I don't know
we're trying to get we're trying to get
a box cutter in a box and to start to
open it so that's our taxi guy brought
me my phone do it is that an omen I
think it might have been what do you
think
all right so good it's gigantic gigantic
- they got distracted remember last time
where she likes to take his pants off
behind counters as these ordering things
I can't really show it I would actually
I can I'll show you the photo right here
I had to do a little adjusting right
there but it's dancing in the wind
oh it was crazy guy just left and come
back three times go take his car cuz
they all I forgot my phone like looks at
us and just walks away what is going on
hurry up Brian don't fall behind we'll
lose you you don't want to run for it
refuse perf freestyling the baby s bonus
points Oh having fun no no those adults
you're 26 I'm 27 we're still doing here
just a kid oh she goes be with your
heart oh it's a Flying V quack-quack
cornhole stated I have called me a
coolie what's the point system he's been
playing for three games now he's like I
don't really know what I'm doing
destroyed
just throwing beanbags trying to make
over the hole tell me tell me in the
comments please oh I've just don't
realize now I'm not on your team right
everyone first calls me he's a ringer
this is cool Stadium
Oh Jax cotton candy oh I know I just got
here though we just got here you know I
got the clap 34 seriously boy I get like
serious vertigo right now and he's
bunting okay and he's gonna run the
first base alright well there's the
green Muppet down there who represents
all that's good and Aubrey Muppet down
there peanuts here peanuts
filly's so you see when you peel Pina
there's Santa Claus and a bathtub I kind
of see it down right okay we got we got
the the Phillies then we got the Eagles
and then the Flyers and the six years
smart very very smart hurting everybody
it's a little stalls all for the potato
just for the potato the fried potato
with a little bit of cheese funny so
many fries so much food Meghan I got I
took extra cheese I took two instead of
one don't tell anyone
trim peas blog in his life
good that we're good very good
Kayla and Sam
those guns oh my goodness she's a keeper
hotter she's a keeper
okay stand clear for the backboard oh we
got Michael Bruce Cosby right now come
on back off come on Colby you can do it
good
alright so we just got done partying
with the guys oh no I we just got done
partying with the guys from late
they give us the new CD who has the new
CD Coley's got the new album lips new
record right there it's so random like
there was literally the same the same
hotel same parking lot some of the guys
that are actually on the bus are from
the same hometown and okay the guys I
believe just gave me a power cord so I
cuz our outlets on the bunks our bar our
feet and I always miss alleys phone
calls that was like mentioning that so
he gave me this so I can plug my phone
in closer to my head so it's really nice
of them their Twitter is like a lit band
official or something like that just
basically say the CTFxC loves you and
thank you for being so awesome and so I
can talk to my wife well guys it is time
to move to LA be close nice it's time to
go to bed I took a shit I took the
second shower today it's like my
birthday it's like my birthday and
Christmas
all right so tomorrow we are playing
wait I have genuinely have no idea where
we're playing tomorrow so tomorrow we're
playing wherever we're playing blank
because a couple days were actually
playing Florida oh by the way I hear
some good news I've been working on a
new skit last couple weeks on the
Charles Trippy channel just give kind of
filming like pick up shots and stuff
like that try to finish it in the next
couple days make sure you subscribe to
youtube.com slash Charles Trippy that's
my skit channel it's a fun little video
I did it's got a couple people you might
recognize in it and like I just like
shot it randomly and stuff like that so
it'll be on youtube.com slash Charles
Trippy I really want to get back into
making skits cuz that's you know what my
first love and all that fun stuff
it's obviously been really hard on the
on the road but I think I got the bug
again which is something that I'm really
really really happy about so that'll
hopefully be out in the next couple days
yeah all right well it's time to go to
bed I will see you guys later
good night okay this is a little bit
unorthodox
I'm actually really late I gotta go to
the stage right now but as you can see
Ali wasn't in the clips right now she's
on an airplane right now and she can't
get the vlog up so I had to really add
it everything and I'm reiax porting I'm
running to the stage I have to play in
ten minutes
but everything's exporting right now and
Ali will get her footage in a separate
video so I just want to let you guys
know what's going on uh so we didn't
miss a day so
yeah I don't know I'll see you guys
later I got a run all right bye guys
enjoy the video I hope you guys liked it
let me know in the comments and all that
fun stuff so alright
yes
with children
where's with chakra theory
- anymore
