oh the grasslands Oregon Trail not
really but we are in Oregon this is well
the oxide and everyone got dysentery
thanks for the positivity this morning
all on the CC back of the day or the Mac
I don't know okay I can't remember this
is kind of one of those random stops we
had and it's actually really pretty look
at this look at this summit right up
there it's not really pretty
Gary summit actually Gary I heard about
Gary he's a good man
and no idea what he's doing all for
heaven's sakes
that's stupid he's keep well good dance
where there's like no one hears those
awesome this is actually like a wildlife
refugees it's actually really rubbish
sighing let me repeat that it's actually
a Wildlife Refuge it's like the marshy
land beautiful though behind there
nobody none of us noticed Oregon is
orange in Oregon Oregon Oregon porch
notice that the state is very very
beautiful but very flat which is really
that's what well I need the plain living
a lot of plain so we had chemical Italy
are serious
at 11:00
if Christmas plans
chop that up to another landscape that
we've seen one road literally we didn't
see a car for we were parked there for a
while we used a car for a 5-10 minutes
actually a stall it was kind of hearing
and I'm still glad as I was not because
we were driving on that bike by
ourselves
I eat and those peaceful but it let out
at night you don't think you freaked out
I feel like
double-time
that would have vegetable category your
main lapses number top
oh man we still got some time which ever
since I saw Holloway so hilariously
enough work in a place called Christmas
alley as you can see it's green strips
I love irony they have about nine hours
to go we're going to get a little
restless job some get a little restless
we found this awesome little like rest
area Cupid far between
Ali is now currently running things
she's going to run two miles around the
area we walked them around I think it
was maybe a half a mile around the whole
thing
so that way they're not so Restless
anymore I got some energy expelled and
they're a little tired which I'm pretty
tired myself
how you feeling there there's that dingo
and the freaking heat figure so Restless
then again she's driving like a trucker
killing it
she needs motivation alright Charles let
the wheel down give an ally a little bit
of a break so she can take a nap or
something a little bit of a break after
that run
we're a few hours even if you're like
wide awake still feel so tired so just
to be safe
consider drive a little bit and we still
have quite a while already yellow snow
like an hour break the dogs you get out
you just
Churchill Lake sodas I go to charge call
me on to mr. robot oh dear God
Lawrence in Oregon for mooring 10 boring
on
pouring in for you for you for years
reco in seconds you Fran Oregon so even
what is it called other I think boring
or again but it's kind of the more no I
love these little towns like move
everything over sometimes but I love
like going to places that aren't super
PACs and arts were populated there's
something like really relaxing about it
all that household buckle you can't get
to avoid it ever so slightly and on the
other hand he's like Phoebe's website
scheme using excels skinny old blue sign
rings American just be right there
oh we're doing it brought that farting
crop goes to his Rob how do you know it
could be crop dusting all of this town
actually science of pilots to prompt
those because
whoo had it passes buddy
Jeff Gordon I gotta I'm totally of
packing my RV my patio my Dodge truck
whoo
I don't know what that is
Oh tracker I thought those a tornado to
Italy oh you want to turn around yeah it
was a little frightening
so we're driving and Ali noticed this
the famous motel I don't know if you
ever heard of it before you go over here
looks quite familiar okay yep there's
Bates Motel do you see right there
pretty cool I didn't know it was
actually based in Oregon but I guess it
is now you know that's actually kind of
a cool find
accidental Foundation say just reading
some information right now on my nose
coming talk number now the other day we
were going to go to Yosemite we ended up
at doing extra headed like kind of cut
some things out of our like can't pick
and choose and cut things out of our
itinerary I did those doing the huge
like forest fire
I think it's under control now I hope
it's under control I hope everyone stays
but what I'm trying to get at is I
thought that was coming today because
yesterday there was some earthquakes at
Yellowstone and they thought that
supervolcano was going to erupt or they
don't think it is but it kind of like is
a concern
this is the last time we're up to 70,000
years ago so it's unlikely but I just
thought it was kind of interesting that
earthquakes just hit yesterday and we're
going to Yellowstone tomorrow will be a
yellow silver to watch this video all
the trends will be the tears process
okay no no no yeah
don t speak yeah yeah you're right
you're right
monkey you know volcanoes in LA was
really nothing great lot constructed I
think it's being jumping grandma up now
I gotta leave my home I don't care that
volcano clubs occupy and they had
literally like forever
like I'm some good service I'm walking
now not remaking this new beauty
I don't think ferocity so I
kind of interesting is we're going to go
see the supervolcano and the entire time
we're looking at that I'm going to be
like please don't erupted please don't
hurry up please are up nothing will I
mean I honestly don't think I just
thought I hope there's no earthquake
they would allow though they know they
don't think it's going to happen
they say that anyone's planning on
joining Yellowstone do not deter
entirely unlikely that that would
actually happen I'm trying to get at is
I just thought it was kind of
interesting
that's a two places that we're going had
issues yeah has a natural issues the
Yosemite one is devastating I hope that
one's okay - detective Morgan
and it was amazing screws off hi over
yeah there is AG reflexes or startled
articulated from the clouds beauties
water low block and they were all
extreme
so here fight
really maintained sapphires portals
awhile ago but not personally
like a forest fire it's like kind of
like a brush fire or something like that
really is I hope our biggest answer
right
it's kind of like my observation that I
thought was kind of weird dark and kind
of just unfortunate and went down and he
at any rate we're going to be temple
watch this will be an NGO so just taking
our time and just like looking at cool
things as we go along the main hotel
thanks for just discovering randomly and
then like my toes killing me right now
so I need to somehow get sleep early
Mother of God
hold on look at this I've never seen us
three yeah three what are those
compartment of a semis that's you sound
of applause like a is there I've never
seen that a frickin train on the
interstate get out here at all we're
going to call it an early night because
we have a long drought he drove me into
a lead rule of sauropod alley drove the
entire frame you think this no sorry I'm
not good there's a time change which is
great we're back to our blossom hour
which the only downfall side chars been
feeling very good and I would rather him
get a little bit of rest nothing too
crazy I didn't want to be driving all
night and you don't have to worry so
we're stopping the dogs are kind of
talking that we're stopping right now
rush tickets are 10 tractor oh dude yeah
we have about four enough hours until we
are there so tomorrow we're going up
early and so why are you so curious
first let me take it easy and I want to
try and get him feeling better so that
hopefully we can kind of or he at least
can enjoy the rest of this trip so thank
you guys so much for watching if you
have the ready please do not forget to
hit the subscribe button
oh yeah make sure to check out the
playlist of all the videos so far from
the RV trip if you want I'll put a link
in the description that way if you want
more at the end of this video you can
watch the
one day 15 to 14 right I have no idea if
you guys want to go ahead and watch this
playlist awesome you guys are brand new
please do not forget to hit the
subscribe button thank you so much for
watching hit that like button and we'll
see you guys tomorrow
