well it's gonna be another woman our
children an eight-foot Honolulu praise
enough yesterday I was just said this
morning around maybe three four o'clock
in the morning
Laurens scooter and that'd be really
funny to do this to me tonight was
supposed to be a party night for
everybody and like literally bus fell
asleep it's supposed to be a party than
I believe the vacuum cleaner on in the
bunk area and I'm gonna wait I'm just
gonna leave it on
this time I'm gonna put the vacuum
inside his money how do we graze on how
do you turn it on
it's what smack you right now that smug
little grin I think your point is
definitely a vacuum prick is that a
prank no I feel like that way can still
be up and still kind of a prank right
the vacuum Frank
yeah
she's big she's nice she's a tena hi no
let's go play a rock show I'll kill you
yeah kill ya no that's for sure kill you
is feeling something kill you oh wow
Elle eventually kill you can you tell
that we were running on super super
little sleep right now we're just
looking at pictures of leopards and she
does because we're having a discussion
about what the difference was
so far we've concluded that their spots
are different and she does look like
smaller most important thing okay
so I've set a mild fan fan fan girl
moment just met Peter Dante if you guys
don't know Grandma's Boy and everything
like that this guy I just didn't I
didn't know we're in the truck
I stink of the camera on time hi check
check check
Yoshi check-in
just runs away it's not even open so I'm
thinking it might be good to get sweet
and salty and then vinegar all right
moment of truth
the vinegar kind of kicks little later
not bad right maple syrup takes over
everything what's the worst thing you
can do before a meet and greet chug
maple syrup and eat some bigger chips
you got gum The Rock here's a here's a
game guys we're gonna play what's in
nerd rocks fanny pack in the comments
tell me what you think's in nerd rocks
fanny pack and we'll do a what's in
there uh nerd rocks fanny pack and I
brought B in there so make sure write in
the comments to see probably has
everything in there alright so I think
in this gauge shortly there will be a
plane that will take us back to the main
I think we're gonna make it
it's been a few hours we're still just
hanging out the airport Ben Honolulu now
for like two or three extra days I don't
mind getting kind of crazy because I'm
wearing the same outfit you guys are
seeing same footage over and over again
I feel like there's not really much I
can come up with to do in the airport
it's really small we'd like explored the
entire Airport
I never thought at this moment would
come at least not for another she chose
we're getting on a plane to LA time to
play the game is disgusting piece of
cardboard
the security guard
like oh she's gonna help us out
Lexie's sure your Lobby that leak you're
gonna share they're just all right here
with Frederick and Elvin I just want to
show you or what I did this to give it
to you the hair and we're good all right
that's sick dude I've often wondered is
it considered irony if you're like hit
by like an ambulance that's irony right
things you'll never see again in real
life the most focused group of people
watching speed - sorry I wasn't
recording what was that scooter it'd be
even better if it diesel is on it right
tell me if they stopped the boat all
right
we missed our connection in LA so we
can't get to it in any way right now
until like 5:00 in the morning so I'm
gonna go to sleep now because I haven't
slept in it really tight when hopefully
we'll have more interesting footage
tomorrow I can actually make it home
fingers crossed we make it we'll get
back in the saddle the suit as possible
yes
yes say goodnight
you're like NSYNC right now oh my god
are you filming
Danny's vlogging right now
oh wait show me my show in the back that
was the back unit yeah I already
explained to that that's as broke as it
gets this is cool
like my favorite thing is to go into the
auditoriums and just look and just like
be really quiet it's kind of like one of
the alleys here's a fun fact
ally and I his first movie was yes man
and you know when Zooey Deschanel and
Jim Carrey go what was it the Hollywood
Bowl and they just sneak into it just
like the most relaxing thing ever maybe
the next hour when all these people are
gone it's gonna be the coolest thing in
the world I'll try to sneak back over
here this is like this is awesome it's
like a credible privilege it was cool I
hope you guys are having as much fun as
I am
with all these tour of logs and stuff
like that because this is this is this
is really honestly like a dream come
true for me I've always wanted to be a
musician I finally get to live it and
stuff like that and you know it's just
I'm speechless yeah but you only like
two more weeks on this tour and then
we're home
and we found out that we're gonna have
like two tubes like months we're gonna
be home for a couple months which is
gonna be really nice relaxing up stupid
twisty thing I could literally go skate
I'm gonna skate up and down these halls
literally all to myself right now
come back here so I'm sitting here
editing just like this just laying down
in my bunk just editing I'll have Lauren
do a wide shot so nothing's normal
abnormal right Danny sits down did you
like my work and I'm like what I look up
to back it's just Danny staring me right
one of the girls did a like nice little
piece of artwork and it was literally
staring at me now in my I'm not sure if
Ali mentioned remember last year we had
CTFxC cinema
well Ali's restarting it and I don't
know if she mentioned it but it's on her
channel youtube.com slash Ali she posted
the welcoming video and tell told you
the first movie she's gonna be watching
also its winding down for the last
couple days to order your new shirts and
then we're just continuing some of the
colors today's secret phrase I want you
to type in the comments the exact time
that it is rate where you're at when I'm
saying this right now type that in the
comments so just 747 743 777 I don't
maybe some sort of time warp or
something like that love you honey oh we
had a nice safe flight and Zooey Marley
you got some toys coming
yes
with trippy
with Griffin
