gonna die don't mind me starting find a
starbucks the best news ever came
looking for starbucks found ajibola
today and there's a walmart right around
the corner so we can get a new way up by
the way went all over the place is good
this bet it's kind of bad right here
Jessie Gina took me to go get gold nine
alright our xbox is broken so we had to
go get a new Xbox before we can play all
I want to do is go into facilities go in
the little air ducts and then fall down
in the little little toilet stall and
then shoot somebody we have a rule on
the bus though if anyone is odd job
there comedian kicked off the bus no ifs
ands immediately off the bus just open
the door even if it's going just off a
job is like the biggest rip off ever
this is Danny's first bloody mary
everything Caitlin just made it it's
like drinking pizza little busy inside
it if for those who wow it looks like
spaghetti sauce for those who don't know
what actually is in it Tabasco Oh
sriracha isn't it put sriracha net
you're drinking sir roger and uploading
the vlog right now I'm just might
phone each other illegal whatever this
supple I don't know what to do it's
going to take forever and
I hope come on get up on time come and
join me for the one Donna massage hey
what you're just sitting in the one
dollar massage I earned it I'm kicking
it kick the plane god I hits another
flight I'm just watching it fade away
fade away into the distance there it
goes it deflected work now the plugs
work we can't get in any fights what the
hell is going on haha standby is like a
nightmare it's cheaper but it's such a
nightmare I don't oh god it sucks
although to be truthful again not the
worst thing the world to be stuck in
paradise I don't mind being stuck in
Honolulu with my friends not such a bad
situation I'll just go to the beach if I
get tired of being in the airport so we
are back in New York it's always nice to
be back in New York's it's my entire
plan I ever tell you guys how I used to
always come to New York every summer
when I was growing up until I think over
13 I used to come to New York all the
time it was like my second home
I don't like that go boy hi Josh you're
here so much wait is that a shark rawr
I'm so happy hi this just in
i'm throwin childhood camera hello
Charles an apostrophe after he has a
child austria ro
camera
everything that we not interesting have
on YouTube channel
why
that's come on Lexi with the man himself
effective I hope he doesn't realize if
this is camera
I'm going with a new camera I'm a police
record I'm shooting I'm treating up my
camera right
alright my friend Charles the solicitude
single
ever wonder what it looks like on the
inside hi let's go better do somebody
really interesting and that's
what are you thinking right now I'm
thinking that why are you doing this
okay love you bye too much fun you're
going to be like what is going on which
it hey what you're here on a hot parking
lot one two three there's five I don't
know now we gotta draw you I would do
anything for the hood up oh do that what
won't he do he's got pretty strong
convictions that he won't do it wait
stop where's Danny oh honey somebody
asked for
one more time nice try Hollywood one
more time one more time everyone's
cooler the second time all the guys on a
long stinking day of waiting and we're
still waiting waiting waiting waiting
hopefully we're gonna get on the next
flight I'm thinking that we will not but
we'll see what happens I talked a lot of
guys at the gate and he said people have
been stuck on standby who weeks here
which makes me
lined up you nervous so yeah I'm mostly
just been trying to catch up on sleep
and stay hydrated and eat whenever I
feel cranky much as always haha not I
don't know I feel like I've lived in the
airport because I lived with me in the
airport I feel like the terminal and I
never saw that maybe let's just pretend
for the sake of the squib like it did
all I was he like try to live and I have
more right and that happened loved our
moms
it was long ago whole and came up up
these quick playing pokemon no PO
commands yes this is the most
interesting thing I've seen all day is
this little tug it's about to push this
airplane best thing I've seen all day
hey New York wants to say hi wait wait
yes we do goalies leaving the bus go
round LOL to go pirate let's go away for
the night oh my gosh and none tert
mentor where are you where's yours
hunter is in the frigerator where's
crying that correct why is he doing this
25 mission
look at this thing leg up seriously
hi babies way yeah I'm eating a big
pound baby right now that's why you did
to your family I would be eight pounds
heavier when i'm done with this thing I
may need your help you just marry
burrito Oh as you can see the BBQ is the
biggest it's ever been right now
kevin lyman set up free PBR drinks and
food so obviously everyone all the
starving musicians come out of the
woodwork and this was actually nice
spread of the gas on the journey ok
Yoshi laronette pizza I gave it those
recording the things in the back so
broken uh-uh he doesn't like it anymore
I do like it it's away air but now your
age was a high internet high as you
going to say okay
well I'm going to go to bed guys as
we're going to go to
secret phrase for tonight is big-ass
burrito
big-ass burrito doggy dog world there is
a doggy dog or dog eat dog my dog dog
dog doggy dog is what you thought it was
and you selling is it doggy dog
it's hardly wait
where's the theater
giddy with y'all trippin
where
Lexi gonna shit
where's with trusted be an ally
