last time we'll see this for you in
Hawaii
all right when do we play when do it
okay was at 2:45
oh man gonna be seriously knowing two
days in a row anyone on the bus oh my
god
do these crowd know one other but still
one of the pluses oh I can do this I can
run up and down like this to be more
rain here in Jersey I know this is what
you've been looking for and I found it
for you Thanks this is sexy version and
then for small children version either
one works that looks so good so sad date
we are leaving early today after 10
magical days 1 9 actually so we got
stuck in the air for lunch which it
looks like it's gonna happen right now
so not too sure the flights are really
oversold
maybe we'll get started
I wouldn't mind that actually he
wouldn't calls me Fat City
show me bite into it so we can show
what's inside it's a prize inside honey
we got to fight more you got to fight
more there a hidden Oreo like the worst
way to fight out you have a cavity like
this is so good
oh so today it's gonna be an interesting
day because they moved both of the main
stages into the amphitheater so it's
like really it's raining so it's kind of
like really dead out in the outside area
and the parking lot area
by the huge show
yeah way to be part of the band real
cool doggy
just keep on just keep on going
oh yeah by the way there was a
commercial there was a commercial on I
really got Coley's um got your interest
in it subsection with tortilla chips is
going to amass alley cut to that Club to
order perfect tortilla for $10 plus
processing and handling call your future
self right now oh man I'm ashamed I
think it's time to do laundry I was like
walking I was like what does that smell
it's me
okay so I got a surprise for you guys
surprise yes we got DVB in the house and
they just made it they ran a brand and
made it to last song so now I'm showing
everyone that is what for we're watching
Machine Gun Kelly yes ready Dan
appropriate hood ornament
they were like humping each other
earlier and then Jesse made them kids
and I was like man let's gonna practice
something in a perfect hey we're back
what's up guys I just want to push you
over so badly right okay so we're back
here and I don't know what we're gonna
do because I told me we're gonna make
the next flight either I'm okay showing
here though like I said earlier you'll
be okay with us taking a few extra days
he is supposed to be over there
all right so I'm walking around and I've
met a young lady it's Kelsey and look
what she made look at this
that is so good and what's inside an
Oreo inside the cookie fans melted ice
cream Oh speechless
where's your ex thing we gotta get
Jessie one of these those cookies No
Oh No
so Lauren made these delectable cookies
that we were just talking about with the
Oreo I'm gonna get one for Jessie I'm
gonna make of you this little dance
force likes cookie so much
try to send it down a liar
I want to do the sharpie that's her
sharpie
guys want to see that he loves let me
just read you the first couple sentences
okay
meet goobie zoozie and toofie the movie
loves as we set out to find lovely love
builds last five magical balloons I
don't know about you guys August 29th
I'm seeing that hammer drug you ready to
see that yes we're about to go into this
medium very excited I've not seen it yet
but we have in here know about all the
crazy stuff that happened in Colorado
and our hearts go out to everybody who
was either impacted in any way it was
involved in it that's a horrible
horrible thing and we're very very sorry
to those people so yeah be safe because
I guess I don't know what to say how do
you hear something like yeah but we're
gonna go see the movie I'm very very
excited what do you think you excited
sorry I cut you like mid sip go talk now
talking about speaking of movies I
actually just started CTFxC cinema back
up so if you would like to go to
youtube.com slash Ally and watch
throughout the phone
yes it's great I'm super excited to be
starting up again so go to my channel
and you can watch the first episode and
then we're going to be doing the fifth
element as our first movie so go ahead
and watch that be sure to put your video
responses so that I can get in the video
know more you'll get more when you stop
smoking for longer yeah because no she
wanted like it
we push it all inside
see what I mean it's a ghost town we're
gonna go get food and uh Jesse and Jeana
are just showing me the beautiful
scenery this is New Jersey it's
beautiful called Mount Trashmore Garbage
Pail Kids just pop it out and everything
smells you guys have no idea what that
smells like
remember but remember the other day when
I was like almost puking in the Porta
Potty land time stance it as a big gauge
oh it actually hurts Oh jump to get it
how it's excusing the hell out of my
because it looks like it is squeezing
you it's so honey just want to make you
jealous since you're in Hawaii this is
where we're at there's the Campbell Soup
I'm gonna give this the night oh yeah
that's all for me well it's actually
courtesy of a CT of exterior Hollister
and I had to give it to him because uh I
don't think actually you said catnip
can't be with cats for like six months
or can they just won't do anything to it
on the right so we can't get you know we
can't get Coco high yet but we can you
know right yeah yeah okay this case is
different than dog years actually I
don't even know no but I know cats live
a long time
they're leaving so everyone's they buy
pvb yeah Jesse you Gina just left it's
always awesome I always get really
pumped when I see
friends and stuff about Tori kind of it
brings me a little bit closer to home
you know what I mean like just to see
people familiar faces that was awesome
but they got I thank you guys as well
for driving me around they've got like
they took me all the way to Best Buy and
I got the new golden eye game so
somebody's gonna be playing drunk gaming
with a golden eye when we get home so
we're playing was a minute right right
and nerd rock obviously we brought him
in as a ringer and he solved at first
how he calls now and I just wanted to
say goodnight Internet have a good day
wait
yes
with children
it would be an alley
