okay guys we've had some delicious
breakfast lunch brunch and now wait i
just said breakfasts lunches that a baby
brunch there are the words of that look
it's kind of bull bear growling well
some of them aren't growing but well
some of them are growing but they don't
animals yet see baby once stuff
terrifying they're all fighting for the
food it is way too much way too many
fine happen look at this little kitten
that's just wandering around the dole
plantation they hide to the Internet
yesterday at the barbecue Danny and I
made friends with one of these girls
that up this way without the level to
these tents and apparently she serves
icicle so donut bagel and if we're gonna
try to get on the barter system with her
with some coffee
so apparently you guys like their little
the office internet killed the office
theme song if you didn't see it i
uploaded also on the trippy channel just
as a standalone but yeah just go watch
yesterday's video the intro just go
watch it and see what you guys think I
liked it I was thinking about using it
more but I feel like it's better only do
it one day you know we're in Scranton
because it doesn't really make sense
otherwise i love going online no oh my
god i just busted so hard things girls
can't do all right it's time to go I
need to get back on the bus 10 minutes
before 10 minutes before we go on stage
I'm gonna break my arm I think I'm gonna
go jump off and no this looks like shit
there are so many dolphins out there
right now
look at all of those dolphins oh my God
look at all of them oh my gosh so coy
love dolphins how's this game today
non-existent yeah it's been kind of copy
but I've been it was one like it's your
kind of waves not kind of way guys yeah
me too no skin no skin is great that's
what I'm looking for flat yeah jobo
under head that's we're looking for I'm
good I've been swimming a lot it's
gorgeous here don't really want to jump
off the rock anymore actually crazy
story the like SD card popped out of my
GoPro while I was filming inside the
case when I jumped off the rock so
hoping that footage is there but I don't
know yet
this little boy was so scared earlier he
wouldn't go but I think he's gonna jump
now
because I was just explaining that the
glamorous lifestyle that is being on
tour is putting what gusting goes back
you're right that's not fully drive from
the night before yeah there we go off to
war baby it's just a lame on the side
15 though all right hey can you guys
clap 15 times for emmys 15 days without
smoking okay one two three I think that
was more that was for tomorrow the next
day hey go hey I'm Boston with a go
torture trav with those no fucking way
hey
up getting on just pull the head works i
didn't really skip much here but i'm
gonna try and scam when we get to
wherever we're going where are we going
Josh Lyman Allah where are we now why
why why menorah renea what I've been no
balls making shit up now hey I knew I
left that somewhere uh-huh TV internet
killed it did we ya know okay I'll stop
it's pretty well though I'm kind of
nervous on my bag is gonna spill if it
does we lose the keys and if you lose
those wow yeah
it's kind of scary actually look it's
like a black lady so what happened to
your wallet forget he's very straight
honey don't you got enough there's like
a foot and a half long strength like
melted meet rings oh nasty so now we're
going to go to shave ice there's two
competing stands here there's matsumoto
and there's a okie but we're gonna go to
it because why not looks a little bit
short of a line so looking better to me
baby blue put it on oh look at the
Poochie all right hey ice cream mmm it's
only polite
this is chili set this is my shower
detail
a long day
i always love watching people wash or
thrash or whatever that is because it
always okay just imagine if there's a
bunch of bees like bumblebees going all
over the place and you're just trying to
swat a book you know what hey this is
what I think every time I look at the
bust myself the first time that's ever
happened quiet it's peace and quiet no
one's there ah this is a big deal guys
so since they're rocking like this so
much i have uploaded this to the trippy
channel to what you just saw with the
bees in the mosh pit you want to go see
that and send it to your friends it's a
links down there on the trip better than
Ted yo she just comes on the bus with
he's well we told me needed to put a
little bit of weight yeah geez you want
some tortillas I was on the way yeah
could have a jalapeno of course well I
kind of got this for everyone oh I
thought was yours so cool I love
so much like it inevitable doom I love
trapping part when I've no idea
Bob that's just pushes there we go oh
this house is just my chest nope there
we go
we're getting the VIP tour of the island
right now we're just kind of driving
around for short I guess where they said
yeah or like a highlight to tell us how
many people from Hawaii in the comments
it looks like a loan to shut it on a
punch me in the face you can't come on
the computer you know what guys I'm
doing this I barefoot why not Shane the
leader please don't fart while you're in
front of us so he's taking us up coke go
ahead so how long is this gonna take
chain let me run a few minutes I kind of
run I will walk briskly sir ok this is
Koko Head night it's very very dark and
scary look I'll shine your flashlight
down here okay random shoe Charles is
being all mom wait Oh
this is like a sweet skate video
Veronica
don't hit me Oh 425 not very often that
Charles lets his camera alone but now
that I have it kind of like today yeah
this is the Travis and Trevor show T and
D hey hey there kiddo we can try that
again right I would love to me your
journey you might as well get real dirty
little let's got your poop last night I
literally I woke up ahead like a
nightmare and I woke up so like like so
abruptly I've SAT up that just nailed my
head right on this thing alright I will
see you guys tomorrow make sure to go
check out the new shirts and all the old
shirts good guys
see what you did
it's coming over guard me waiter
hey where's the ESX
withdrawal stripping
it would be an ally don't forget to eat
