that's probably one of the coolest time
Josh shining through the crazy rockfish
Geodude what are we driving through
right now a lot of rock
and stuff yeah I'm gonna say it's like
hardened up it's like volcanic rock
well back to the nerd rock said so
I'll be honest I see you doing I love it
see we just started it now you guys have
to be honest we are on a beautiful thing
never happens so pretty we are marching
that's really really like you take the
cookie then you put the whipped cream on
it I'm trying to get credits on come on
you're the jingle expert over here a new
favorite toy no my hands have not grown
gigantic flea
yeah I'm I'm just so focused on this
thing like I get obsessed for like for a
week for twisting with wow I can't speak
today oh yeah it works really well
alright I'm not filming kind of
interesting walk like we own the place
and we just walked right into the Effie
part what I go on a ride we found a
place feel like I'm in the school nurses
office right now
so I wanted to see and sure enough I
just like walks right into this theme
park the only thing is this like torture
because I don't I don't think I'm
allowed to go on a roller coaster but
this looks fun oh I'll just look at the
Ducks they're cooler anyway wait wait
nevermind I just got I just got a text
from my my surgeon oh yeah hi Brian nerd
rock and I are gonna go on my first
roller coaster since since the surgery a
serious it's called mind eraser okay Wow
okay there's a blowhole right there and
then all the water streams down
goes through there then it comes out
into the night falls it's awesome that
I'm gonna get wet go ahead it's really
cold when it sprays like that this is
just like the super fine mist
that's cool
do I see the fishies
so insane it's reaching all the way back
here select the go throw out that Josh
found it get it in his hand and it just
like just disappeared same thing would
happen to people I assume
good luck that was uh I was a pretty
intense roller coaster I don't I think
maybe I've been out of the game for so
long you know like Alan I used to always
go on roller coasters like like monthly
I will see if this is this Blair was
really intense I'm gonna see if I can
get Brian and Deirdre
you see them fast what's your better
Slurpies icees what do you think no or
slush puppies slush puppies great - any
of them nerd rock just wants it all so I
just called my dad and it's funny like
it's not to the date or anything like
that but the same year we were the same
age and he was playing with Greg Allman
here at the same theme park and now at
27 I'm doing it and he's in the suit he
said he's gonna look for a photo so if
you can find a photo from this age here
I'm gonna try to put comparison of both
of us so make sure my dad does tell my
dad to do in the comments so dad when
you're reading they're making you do it
right now okay nature stop with Jesse
show us what you're doing do it on
another finger okay wait so there's
white and then do it
oh no it's put on your lips and it is in
some cases Oh raisi town so I'm gonna go
and try and get some footage of these
guys there's so many body boarders and
they're nuts it's just like the word of
the trip has been insane I say it every
time nuts crazy insane any synonym that
means basically madness you can apply it
to the beaches here
shouldn't say that they're probably more
experienced like anybody else here got
anything good so far
can you guys see the girl right there in
the British blue shirt with the camera
my name is KL and she's like amazing I'm
fangirling out right now
gonna go say hi to kale I'm so scared
why are we gonna go talk to her oh my
god we totally met kale she's awesome
and now to do my traditional walk
through the Warped Tour disaster zone I
love it I want to play more theme parks
Oh God 2 percent left we've been looking
for batting cages the entire tour we
just want the Rays play the Rays are up
three two no no I brake on it I'm free
all right see that works is that hockey
helmet I also hit balancing just so
we're all clear
I feel ridiculous in this thing well I
feel like we can play football right now
you're not Frank Thomas there's what he
turns around after every swing just look
at what it looks like next up the bat is
Charles some might call them the big
Charlie
most fun workout to date on Warped Tour
we lost Travis though check out the new
posters guys brought to you by Danny and
his awesome artistic skills pretty cool
actually so I just want to give credit
to Danny ferns are awesome artistic
skills and Caitlyn's for taking the
photo and me for finding the sense
anyone anyone it is time to head to the
next stop actually you know we're
playing we're playing Scranton
Pennsylvania you know where the office
you know the office takes place its
first time ever that it's kind of funny
alright I'm going to go to bed and if
you guys didn't know in the last video I
announced that we have new t-shirts
there's new t-shirts new tank tops and
new wristbands finally made the
wristbands we finally made tank tops for
you guys make sure you go CTFxC merch
calm down there links down there in the
description you can go check that out we
have a bunch of colors available right
now and then we're gonna be
discontinuing a couple of them so if you
want all the colors or a specific color
make sure you go CTFxC merch calm and
check that out make sure to get them
they're actually really cool I really
I'm pretty I'm pretty proud actually
this was made by a CTFxC R I love you
honey
and Lauren makes your Zoe Marlee are
getting lots of toys I'm sure they are
alright I'll see you guys mom daddy
we're going walkies first evening that
we've had when it's not storming
it's coming our way the
psst
giddy with trippy
with charity
