so today is laundry days our day off and
everyone's gonna find the dirty laundry
it's the key word and clean it we're
doing laundry all day today and we're
back in America by the way and we're
doing lunch on our day off
there's like no clothes in here it's
just dog toys oh boy alright time to see
what's mine it's mine that's mine
alright perfect so we've just had the
most interesting cab ride ever
the guy was driving around crazy telling
us how he does heroin speed and cocaine
thing all at the same time but it
doesn't drink oh no he doesn't drink
it's important to realize he doesn't
drink
Jesus oh my god never Malaysia get
remember in Malaysia when we got a
kidnapped and you know cops were like
bribed and everything like that
yeah at times this by like 15 that's uh
scary this is my first laundry trip by
the way I have no idea what I'm doing
I'm having to ask everyone I have a very
sheltered life no it's just when I went
to college is usually where you have to
do and stuff I was very lucky and the
apartment I had actually had oh my god
how many cores is this thing gonna eat
like police fun arcade ever now what I
do we just wait
I got this for me in truck
even though I think they're babies
that's okay and look at these kind of
grappling there's so many pretty things
in here so awesome and also check out
this magnet I got this for Charles too
because it's like his converse they're
little magnets this is where you can
spend all your quarters so then when you
go to do your laundry you don't know
what your money cuz I don't have many
skills pac-man is one of them that's a
good skill to happen yes because if I
ever have to run from ghost you're set
very hungry
I imagine zombies will be next thing
yeah Yankee joystick that's not
regulation joystick one more minute okay
see this is how people lose socks it
just hides right over there Yoshi you
mesmerized over there best mirai's what
is he around not smoking here just
chewing it right how many days Egon
12-fold claps great 12 laps that was way
too many this is it
I've spent the past 40 minutes going
through our replies this is half of them
because of when we were in Canada I had
no reception at all except for said Ally
clips data like I had no data so I've
been having to go and basically relive
the last three days kind of cool this is
why you should always do your own
laundry you're buying tips seriously
look at this
I need to empty out my pockets luckily
Holly really likes to do it that's our
own assignment all my swarek's there
drock's bandanas you ever see him he
always has one
having fun
oh I don't know how you went around it's
hot yeah it's hot good so all these are
running a little shrimp but these are
like oh it's that a focus you're stupid
look at these little things
how cute are they these little shrimp
things and they're like awesome but you
can like buy em as pets or something
that's like having sea monster sea
monkeys not sea monsters why did I say
that way man they're just chillin so you
remember when ally and I came to Buffalo
a little road trip of ours I think we
came to this mall I'm sure the worlds
are colliding right now new and
rewarding opportunities will soon
develop for you up there is oh yeah you
got to do that immature thing by adding
embed to the end of it I love it wow wow
they really knew many new friends will
soon be attracted to your friendly and
charming ways in bed all right there we
go find them at the front of the house
good news of long-awaited event will
arrive soon
it does not say that this is this is a
little like a mission for you guys in
the comments we all get these words mine
says chicken yours says day uses salt
salt trailer trailer your job in the
comments is ooh Curt made the most
creative sentence using those four words
or Maria you can use other words too but
you have to use those four main ones and
also tell us what that means yeah hey
there's your mission in the comments
she's gonna kill some time in here in
the dead mall feel like a zombie
oops could totally happen here every
time it was like a dead mall it's like
what real super quiet it's kind of
creepy it's eerie kappa story i got into
the mall i just had this like you might
like mild anxiety attack cuz
everything's totally did you feel weird
didn't back basically being reintroduced
back into society just like right I
never got to go back to do it tomorrow
for another three weeks older shower
right everything dude like would what I
went to use the restroom I thought it
was gonna have to look for a
port-a-potty to be completely honest I
was like did you realize around the
three-member the flood she know that
remember the fly all right who else had
a crush on her from the 90s Kelly
Kapowski Saved by the Bell
90s TV yep that's a funny shirt
a lot of people been asking about that
proposal when yo she was in France and
he proposed that girl if he actually did
get married just shown the proof I mean
he's had to had it on the whole time
yeah what was her name again
which one so I've been shopping with
Yoshi and the funniest thing I didn't
film it though but he was like hey could
Charles could you hold this and could
you hold this and I literally had all
these all his bags like stacked up I
didn't like I was brimming this thing I
was like oh it's kind of feels like what
Ellie does the punch is all you gotta go
shoe shopping now shoes are so friggin
weird that is it is one looks like
chocolate syrup I think I just found a
collection of jewelry that Charles would
be obsessed with these are little coffee
beans and that's a coffee cup look at
all of this stuff okay so these are like
a dessert like their burgers and you can
buy each little charm is like a layer
and you stack them and you can make a
burger
I just bought a ring that's a piece of
cheese okay this entire store is based
on food the whole concept is fuck you
pot I've never seen this before but the
whole thing is like the drawers are
chocolate like all this is chocolate
it's all like pitchers and it's all like
confectionery there's like chocolate
they have honey stuff they have like
macarons and oh my gosh
okay I can't hear ya
this is a weird little gimmick right
alright nerd rocks try to even hit this
haven't played this since I was really
really young I suck at this camp that's
gone forever
hello yes this is a good time let you
guys know that we have new shirts for
sale ah that's good news right we have
three new colors and then we have tank
tops and and we have those wristbands
you guys have been asking us to do
wristbands for I don't know since we
started doing merchandise insurance and
stuff like that
the link set right there CTFxC merch
calm or dftba.com CTX see what we're
gonna end up doing is poly i don't know
how if we're gonna be able to keep all
the colors for forever so if you want
any of the colors that we have available
now get them before we have to like this
continuum or stop selling them don't
they look fancy fancy schmancy aren't
they
I've just want to let you guys know
because you guys were asking for new
stuff and definitely tank tops and
wristbands so we made them don't worry
if you haven't gotten all the older
shirts you know like the roflcopter sure
the CTFxC is for haters shirt or zoe
marley you know the nerd shirts those
are still on the site those are still
for sale as well so you can get those as
well as the new ones oh yeah I'm excited
for this except the only problem is that
last time I went to a place like this I
burned the food cuz you drill it
yourself like on a little grill and an
older table so I'm just gonna have you
do it for me because I second it alright
so with the help of Yuki I didn't
actually end up burning much at my food
it ended up really good but right now
we're kind of trying to decide whether
or not we want to stay out because we're
supposed to be going to the beach early
tomorrow and skimboarding I'm kind of
nervous about because I think they're
gonna be pretty big waves at least
bigger than what I'm used to so we'll
see how that goes
alright we're gonna give this a shot
let's see if this spider-man is any
better than the other ones
I don't know Tobey Maguire he's pretty
good how many people movie for free with
Charles the commentary with all of us in
about five minutes I'm gonna climb up
onto one of those speakers and let's
just say I'm less confused than
Prometheus how about you trav
I feel like old-school jackass right now
we wait
psst
it's all trippy
be an ally don't forget Zoey Marley
