why is it so early - I am hike I think
so
I know you can't see me right now you
can hear me and we're hiking second
swing ocarina of time don't believe this
right now you couldn't see this walking
up so check this out look at the pot
good morning Toronto you can see right
there and we got the entire crew here
again you'll be filming do all the stuff
and then we got the blurry hat again
over here alright we're gonna film some
some we the Kings in Toronto I think
we're gonna try not to mess up I don't
know if I mentioned this the other day
but yeah corey vidal and his entire team
basically the same team that did our
wedding video by the way if you have not
seen our wedding video here look for it
on this channel put a link in the video
description it's amazing and Corey did
such an amazing job his whole team does
his amazing job the guys we the Kings
they were like asking if I could ask him
to come out when we're out in Toronto to
film and he said yes we're gonna have
like this documentary style music video
style video being created by him so make
sure to go to tell Corey Vidal I'll put
his twitter down there as well and he's
a complete badass
man it's been a while since I've seen
that thing I just want to show this
amazing rig that everyone should be
jealous of Cory and his team yeah that's
the the canon c300 we've stepped it up
since so I think right what he doesn't
know is we're going to jump him and take
it stay classy San Diego
I feel this is ridiculous I never
thought I would ever do this in my life
it's it's it's the most dangerous thing
I've ever done this is more dangerous
than skydiving I think I should read
today yeah ah 2012 we've got the first
half now we just need a second her can't
be thinking about makeup on a hike like
this way Oh check it out some extra
videos also for real real look at what
we're walking down and look at what we
walked up this is madness I just like
you to witness what I'm climbing on it's
ridiculous this is straight down here we
go
this is
next you know people come for me for
things I've always an answer so I was at
Paris oops
recording and I just make sure scooters
the backbone looks like it's gonna pour
look at the waves and Danny thinks he's
gonna fly home today come on dude you
can get back up
poor God is that guy going to help them
they're gonna make a movie about this
guy one day dude he just got it back up
that's amazing all while a simple duck
can just float along dizzy sir
I was trying to accommodate
this is it guys the end I cannot believe
we just did that I really can't it's
just crazy
I'm on flat ground never thought I could
feel so happy in my life oh my god that
was amazing though amazing but uh
illegal so don't do it
that was crazy that was just fat
life-changing experience like I I never
thought that was like a marathon of
hiking I never thought I could do
something like that
balls
you guys that fun I was doing this the
entire time my back is killing me
you guys are pretty good I know we were
looking at the end of world food so many
times I almost tripped on them I'm
surprised you guys are like like sneaky
like every single time I'd be like oh no
he's gone not even worried anymore
oh no we're leaking what are we gonna do
thank goodness as he does ignore water
well sleep that's tricky is multiple
okay back at the beach after hiking
we're having a contest although Josh
already landed a 360 shove I said that
if they can each land one I'll buy them
each a drink per time they land it so
see you next buddy I'll try to get one
Oh
whoa-ho front flip
do something skimboard like like
kickstand on your board or making I
suppose it's gonna come in like this hi
good good yeah like whoopee are ya they
washing those are real swans right
biologist what happens will the killer
whale meets a teddy bear head Travis
okay Wow that bounces right now they're
having a sides giving competition to see
how far out they can get right now josh
is in the lead
yes that is a mermaid in this aquarium
inside the hotel yogurt showed you
so did you
rewind back we're at this restaurant and
I don't even know what it's called oh
it's on here shokudo I'm going to drink
it anyway
no she never stops working look at him
this is my secret ingredient sorry what
edit that out later alright guys well
this is a wrap on Toronto please go
check out corey vidal and his youtube
channel and tell him he's amazing his
twitter youtube all that stuff is right
there in the video description at the
top tell me thank you for doing this
just because like he didn't have to do
this it was just amazing can I guess
Mike
wait
worse yet
with trippy
CTFxC
Betina
