oh yeah might get some dim sum thank you
some dim hi guys we're at the Canadian
border waking up forgot the customs
super early everyone's just walking
around like zombies we're in Canada
never go back to bed know who killed the
duck uh we talking about yeah they
raided your punk yeah yeah it looks like
a mess dettori I'm gonna that America
Canada okay quick break after dim sum to
work off those calories go training day
over help he's doing Firestar's music
with a backpack on added weight
yeah buddy and I can't do it so I'm not
gonna do and see this is the extent of
my work energy balance beam oh that's
right where's all I got rap balance beam
up seven or eight inch wide Kings not
even hard to balance on a tall brown to
higher bar give each other a boost ah
he's gonna kill Catholic too good where
did you say was like Brady Bunch yeah
like the Partridge Shalee it's like hey
Travis the first place to park in the
world with all those player webs
I want to go to there that is cool what
is that it's like it almost like epcot
is very excited
look at that poor phone it's got a
bandaid that fix it that's a good logic
though right yeah makes everything
better it does found is McKay that's
awesome so you're just sitting at a bus
stop it's so windy you're probably get
in here hello you're Shane range of
shame hello to name hi what city and you
have a really funny shirt on just yeah
yeah we're gonna leave it at that just
wake up the imagery it's beautiful we're
getting some cool tips on where to go
jump off stuff later maybe that sounds
scary go we caught a bus bus bus bus bus
bus us I was really bad it's my fault I
just make that up just now so look how
cool
yes
acapella surprise on the bus
sloppy joe sloppy joe sloppy joe sloppy
joe all right anyone know what that's
problem you get thousand core point you
know what that is this is a great view
that River okay this is gorgeous look at
the pooper oh my God he's literally
sitting on the stairs guys I want to
live here it's making me sad it's making
me sad that I don't already live here
I'm gonna move here where are you going
chicken come up here we're going for a
hike don't run away oh there's another
one so this is just the start of the
trail like we haven't even gotten
anywhere yet and this is already what it
looks like this is so amazing all right
I think he's gonna beat us oh yeah so
females has been a singing party
fun-loving radio you gotta have an
advantage right now with everybody
that is so wide angle haha
it is so hot right now we have to take
ice and put it all over our bodies we
are basically passing out you guys this
is just this is gorgeous if you ever
come to Hawaii please try to go to manoa
falls but don't leave litter on the
trail because I just saw someone left a
shave ice thing on the trail and I'm
sorry but you're an idiot please don't
let her that's my rent for the day also
I'm out of shape also do you see this it
is a paradise and it is awesome
this is gorgeous
hike hike okay look at all the bamboo
this awesome holy whoa just like I was
raining at five yeah everybody says like
to hike this one it's raining so that
when you get to the falls there polar
but I would not want to do this there
water rushing ciao there's like a flat
it was like a flash flood area to this
is one of these the clouds are moving
ridiculously fast this is like crazy
right now I'm gonna bust ass I just know
it this is so gorgeous no today was the
hottest thing I've ever I didn't have to
kit we're so we're like my main are we
it shouldn't be this one for goalies
having a rough day firstly spurt spill
stuff on his lap you'd be a turd
ferguson any dropped his wallet I'm just
seen how long until he realizes wallets
missing seven a bad day everyone
everyone tell goalies in the comments to
have a better
wait hey Alex you just said it sucks am
i okay yes I go after you you must
really hate it in Hawaii honey hi rush
baby she gave me an extra brain kill sir
and we've all wanna and it's so pretty
you happy may or may not be breaking the
law right now and we're going to be on
the same but you know what Yolo
this is so completely incredible I don't
even know how to describe it look at
this place it's just like it's just like
rich with life but you can just tell
that life starts here it's so awesome
feels pretty jungle princess alright
we're back out skimming we just couldn't
resist coming to the beach at the end of
the day I think that we're going to stay
awake super late and go hiking where
we're kind of like not allowed to or
something I don't know breaking all the
rules in Hawaii it's awesome it's early
right there nice guy we're uh we're
piled on this thing we're a team in
right now show my bacon trip sure oh
yeah look at that all represent
represent the brand you can always say
you can only see on sure and there we go
on strike but it's give me a we the
kings shirt fuck there let's do it male
it should how you came bearing gifts let
me put all their my chest doesn't give
me a tank top air bubble ships down in
haha what we do at warp tour we gonna
fuck this up I got smoked we gonna other
one hand there way prettier than you so
far the award for the dirtiest warp tour
is going to Montreal there's a lot of
fun though actually so I'm gonna go get
a shower and then go back and meet them
and do an epic Meal Time barbecue with
warp tour unofficially this cake is
called multiple orgasm they're one
dollar I don't know if I can show myself
eating this is a graphic she got there
ok mochi ice cream so I flame emoji
history Gerudo now pounded rice so it's
like really fine paste yeah it's just
like a paste
that's yeah and then they make it into
different stuff and this is like mochi
around ice cream is I didn't think was
possible we pretty much just destroy
that though I guess we were hungry for
sensor right pretty good pretty breath
it's shorter to match up pretty so
Harley and the rest of the gang had to
leave but I got basically an epic Meal
Time tribute for them for coming out to
warp tour uh salute that look at Danny
just like a hungry dogs I don't bake it
go there is no big in it please wait
hold on hold on maybe if I do this is
this epic meal time approved there we go
really look more than go off down this
is a good way to end the show looks like
the bridge is like totally exploding
right now as I don't know like Canada
real eggs walked or if that's the ending
to a nickelback concert good night guys
so see you tomorrow in Toronto oh by the
way tomorrow we're filming a little
documentary in the life of music video
thing with corey vidal all right that
should be interesting bye guys alright
guys so I'm gonna end the vlog here but
I'm actually going to start tomorrow's
vlog in the same outfit because we're
doing something and it's currently past
midnight so I'm going to go to bed for
now but I'm going to be starting
tomorrow is glowing in the dark because
we're going to hike up a mountain in the
dark which seems like a terrible idea
but we're gonna do it anyway cuz hey why
not all right I'll see you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching tonight
see what you did
it
that's killed
hey where's the exe
giddy with child trippy
we're CTFxC
swifty an ally don't forget to a Harley
