morning everyone it's another beautiful
day I am going to make I don't know I
just probably made strawberry lemonade
today so that's what I did I don't know
if this is how you're supposed to do it
but I just cut up strawberries and I'm
like mashing them and then vodka seems
to be working okay in are actually you
know what I haven't given you guys a
tour of the house of renting yet this is
a little condo in Waikiki Beach so we're
in a really high floor of this building
and there's a really crazy like wind
thing happening I don't even know how to
describe it cuz I'm an idiot but look at
this underneath our door when we have
that outside door and window open
underneath this door which leads to the
outside balcony it is like an air
conditioning unit glowing feels like
when you can probably hear look how much
blows my hair in it's cold cold cold air
that's just crazy
oh crap it's Friday the 13th good
morning guys so when I woke up we have
to go play a show in like five minutes
and
my eyes are like
and I could have she smokes now
get better shoes I don't want to retire
my chunks plus I have like four
different pairs this predict waiting
bill be more trying to refer to do
anything since prior to the thirteenth
as well how's your walk a little bit
better me
yippee a new segment watch dating he's
going from an arm cast to a leg cast we
won't about jinxing it's Friday the 13th
I feel like anything had happened this
was once would these tents are becoming
my worst enemy like when you when you
see these tents and you're like oh you
know these are floppy you can just walk
through then you do it
hit these bars and it's hit me every
single time in the forehead
that's my new excuse look at Brian did
for my my wireless ad for my in-ear
CTFxC video just started and that's the
secret phrase to CTFxC go for it all
right we're at cities right now got some
orange bang I almost fell over carrying
my skin board earlier today and I also
meant to a very cool Hawaiian people who
live in Waikiki when they watch the
video so thanks for saying hi to us guys
okay now I'm going to tear into some of
this fried chicken look how you do - ooh
job no like this is this is really sad
so I'm at you tell me where we are
cuz I you're better at this no he says
all right well we're I think Diamond
hunter minutes or diamond and surfboards
and my buddy here is gonna patch up my
skateboard for me because looking pretty
rough I don't even know if you're
anywhere and how and you're coming down
to Waikiki area come here and they all
be nice to you so sad okay getting ready
to put my new tractions head on Jessie's
sunbathing little sun goddess over here
we're back at Waikiki and it is gorgeous
and also there's a cutest little baby
you've ever seen right there she is
stinking adorable Asian babies are so
cute there's a douchebag McGee over
there look at this board central he's
like a bajillion boards here ain't no
this is crazy town okay I'm gonna try to
go surf or whatever
I suck though all right I think I'm
gonna have to take this bad boy out
oh I don't know I'm nervous but I need
to just do it I got to just pull the
trigger man scared but there's got to be
done let's do it I like your Hello Kitty
cowl
it's really sweet hello kitty also you
guys want to see like the funniest decal
I've ever seen on a skateboard ever
friggin stormtrooper Hello Kitty is that
not the coolest thing ever
Carly you go swimming over there Jerzy
knows how to party right Danny's always
learning something new truck try it home
and work left in get get two pencils and
try Danny know you're not supposed to do
that
Yoshii how many days you restarted ah so
all right boys 10 claps 1 3 you came up
10 bastard tomorrow I've had way too
much coffee today so I feel bad but I
have actually dumps them out secretly
since this Friday there did I feel like
if I do this this tree is gonna grow
super strong and eat us all with the
fact that I'm giving it coffee it's
gonna like me more
that's crazy right
I'm trying to find these bags no faucets
and hoses take a luxury I'm totally like
take advantage of my entire life
you know just the abundance or the lack
thereof of hoses and outlets to Philip
water I thought it'd be a lot easier
proving otherwise this must be where all
the hoses go to die
I'll skip today crazy they're crazy yeah
they're couples our approach that we're
here yesterday are back waiting they are
insane
okay
Jeff Fujita I've never had spam before
and he's gonna make some spam and eggs
for us pre pre eating this is what we're
doing we're eating this we're going to
eat and then we eat later
oh yeah or that spam baby so what's your
secret
oh absolutely nothing you have to put it
in the pan at like a 45 degree angle and
then sounds varying change it
technical 45 degrees after 45 seconds
every time everything has to do at 40
it's in increments of 45 just $45 it's
$45 per box of spam big bowl of spam and
eggs I love it
it's so high in sodium though it's like
pretty much an entire days worth of
sodium and the single serving it's
family it's probably not that help you
see me but to Stefan I'm really good
alright guys I'm over here I'm so so
happy to solicit and she's helping me
pick out us whether this is I'm editing
this part so Ali doesn't see this these
are the the sweaters we're trying to get
and then we got this one right here
right over there
so I wanted to see which one you guys
think this one has spikes which one do
you think we should get her the green
the white the blue or the black one this
has been trying to help me so tell me in
the comments which one
and then we'll surprise her when we get
home so alright thank you I'm not
superstitious but like some reason
Friday the 13th is just like a really
creepy day is it like I don't understand
like at the 13th I get is a battle a
lucky number but Friday why is it then
why does anyone know the history about
that because I always walked in the
wrong clothes should nerd rock keep his
mustache tell us in the comments you
guys want to want to see something I
just got I think her name was Christina
she gave me a Charmander card plus an
energy card so I have the Charmander
with coffee thought that was pretty
sweet
but this back you looking at this black
thing it's better to look right here
guys want to jump on me next bedrooms a
month
let's replace
I can do that so watch it right now what
what we'll all watch out watch out watch
out watch out watch out there you go get
another one we gotta set that out
I'm not happening right now do you have
a Malibu skirt on it's not screwed I'm
sorry it is the wrong people I was so
wrong correction that's like a simple
t-shirt turned into a ninja gear
educated whoa no hold on where's the
sleeve my sleeves hey I think I think
you gotta change looks pretty good I
think you've got it perfectly oh yeah
down to a science we didn't just science
it's a real thing people get used to it
ninja brothers party do you feel cool
and anonymous Go Go that's like a GI Joe
Java the guy this is gonna be intense I
already know it they're freaking
planning how they're gonna enter they're
like little kids backstage before the
school show god hurry up gangsters don't
take this long Oh God
that's not bad all right that would have
been some magic times a million
you guys have your own theme song it's
like a manly man around I don't know
what's happening hey honey Bri wants to
say hi hi alright Josh Bazar you here
learning something new love variety
today this is that this is what we call
the Kyoshi there may or may not have
been a cookie in there ah this must be
one of those elusive Gatorade trees this
is my new favorite for a pastime
basically escaping all the busses try to
find something really nice into relaxing
and just listen to some awesome music
the only thing that sucks is it makes me
miss alleys oh and Marley a lot more
though
by the way I should put this on the
record that I had the greatest wife on
the planet that like we'd get married
but I couldn't in the first year and she
she's like okay with being gone all the
time so hands down
greatest wife it makes me think about
when I was younger and when my dad would
leave for tour and stuff like that and
this is probably the exact same emotions
my dad went through when he was gone all
the time and it's kind of crazy to kind
of see what he was going through and
kind of see where he's coming from it's
pretty cool
and I have to give him the huge props to
my mom for being able to be so strong
and raising us when my dad was gone I
guess Friday the 13th actually turned
out to be a good day right all right
everybody we just got back from some
delicious sushi and I think tomorrow
we're going to Ala Moana and I don't
know what else are we doing what are we
say that we're doing like I think that
would be awesome let's go see a
waterfall all right guys that's it for
time I'm gonna edit and go to sleep I
think Charles is in Canada or something
like that now so we're in all kinds of
screwed up time zones I had I love you
guys we'll see you tomorrow
good night
waiter
psst
giddy with y'all trippin
we're here
with trippy an early
