this entire place is awesome they just
have blackberries along the side of the
campground easiest thing is blackberries
are like the most expensive areas like
Publix and Walmart and stuff but I said
you can just pick them up and eat them
wow that was a really good hopefully
these have two poisonous ones they said
they had just kidding a pretty even
exploiter Oh
lobster extra protein good oh I get to
hold you berries mm-hmm
divorced we saw this driving up earlier
I guess the two days ago but it was like
super late and they were there actually
weren't open so we decided to stop I
think it's actually where maybe Kassem G
made his video or came here to film I
can't remember guys didn't know Bigfoot
lives in Jakarta
I want to kind of get a Bigfoot for our
front yard this is a baby Bigfoot the
real foot series a potential source of
talent here whoo
two inch taller gain Turner pound
Bigfoot hair iPhone 8 this is the
funniest thing I've seen in a very long
time got a weird to the question
I know silly but you guys actually
believe in the legend of Bigfoot could
there be a giant giant loop of man till
undiscovered specifically walking in a
red word I would believe something like
the ocean is there's no more
undiscovered creating were you thinking
just more Loch Ness monster or Bigfoot
if any of the two I would say this sea
creature of Loch Ness monster only
because we can't discover everything in
the water or the Yeti of those threes
which one you think actually if there's
any of them punk Billy but the kids like
it you know so cold and the Arctic is
kind of undiscovered as well like the
water at Gilligan I still times on
salmon my contacts are awesome hi mr.
Bigfoot I believe
we found it Bigfoot you want to know fun
facts within the Harry and the
Hendersons
choosie sir
sir yeah what they were saying was a
movie classic amazing movie Harry and
the Hendersons
this was in it very briefly to see the
sign we walked into town - I walked into
town we drove into town and because we
saw a bunch of stuff and I remember
seeing this on the way in I know this
isn't real but it probably did drop us
on it that's super scary try to explain
that to your insurance company
well a big giant tree just kind of fell
on my car and crushed it like crazy
the oldest tree I think I've ever heard
of this one is 1,800 years old it's
called a grandfather tree it's bigger
than all the other redwoods 24 feet wide
so gnarly
seasons I was talking about seems some
stuff 2,000 years this is that crazy do
you feel the power 2017 that is 1800
that's pretty old and then Doc's back
and what if they say it's 1800 years old
maybe it's ten years old it just keeps
going and going
the spiders a bear was coming oh you
would just come trap yourself in there
I'm so insane I guess I'm no one ever
I got birthed out come out onto the
birth canal as his birth I know it's a
tree but okay so you're like rocks rose
like all rocks beans and stuff this
trees living and it's extinct and stuff
I know
do you know cool about this place is
that they don't charge to see this stuff
they can't charge this b-major they
don't hide it unless you think this
property conscious because of the street
I don't even know all right
and the outcasts I don't know I like
that I like Northern California ah
they'll be surprised if we actually rent
a movie here one day we think we might
be doing today is we're going to go for
a little hike we're going to take the
dogs to the spring and let them swim a
little bit and we might give in the
river I'm sorry so spring and then we
might head out it's the huge spring then
we might head out a little bit earlier
just so that way we can get to ghost
what point er yeah it's a long long road
it's one of the places we want to see
the most even though this trip has been
a lot of traveling I kind of like the
fact that we don't plan anything it's
just kind of like spur of the moment and
we end up where we end up I feel like
that's Ali and myself that's just our
personality but who we are and I feel
like this trip isn't perfect for that I
know a lot of people probably get
stressed out about that kind of stuff
but it kind of rolls off our shoulders
and I feel like that where we really
mesh oh and by the way Ali finding a 4
leaf clover is 1 in 10,000 why why so
lucky like phenomenal luck right I think
I told you about the whole checkered to
use mint region I wouldn't play like
three ginger oh and it just stood out
ticket any sounds $100 on occurred one
time when I was walking I found like a
hundred fifty bucks
I found a gold ring um and then the luck
dried up lucky just well I guess you
just cash it all in early you know what
the thing is though there's at least
10,000 clovers in this area too so the
odds are high but for me to see it is
fly not going to happen
sit there and stare aren't ya I feel
like it's going to be somewhere like
Gollum like the precious is gonna be
somewhere super hard to get up no that's
not one like it looked like it you don't
want to Cooper oh if I find a four-leaf
clover I'm getting it and I'm going to
repress it and I'm going to save it
spray with shellac fish lacquer yeah
that's now on I can you choose the
perfect clover that's the perfect
working in clover
nope look at that one right there I mean
that one what I would do I mean that one
right there
I mean that one aren't there good I mean
that one right there I was I mean that
one right there how did that were is
there no right there shut up look at
this one look at the damn clover see
it's very bright the Holy Grail clovers
the internet world finds a four-leaf
clover and wants to part with it send it
to our be luck
x-ray silly goods bad luck
that's pretty big to see that Alaskan
bush people try knock on that thing huh
see if you can keep an eye on for Annie
Walker - they're notorious for stealing
your wallet just be very careful
actually legit did Star Wars film in may
not this park but in the redwoods it
just seems like we'd be redwood or just
a big set so strange that they form like
this and yet they're still so security
sounds Hollow where's your bother so
tempting to count the rings no fifty
fifty years old keyring imagine do you
probably take you partake that too misty
definitely not accurate it's got to be
at least a thousand you like oh like six
hundred or thousand and it's dead
that's sad I wonder when it fell okay
Ron do a back handspring that's the
truth and he came by to every tree by
stump I lost her again guys just gonna
become a mountain woman getting ready to
take the dogs that's the river and
realize that our gas tank is on empty
Hugh here fingers girls are actually
going to make it
she said that way god
we are got some surprises okay we made
to the gas station not be a child do not
pull the Charles which is what you feel
very less man to make sure that you do
not run out of candles but all over just
don't do I ever left because they loved
it so much but it lady today's video you
guys got to see how much they love this
thing even ding dong over here who has
to be on a leash because he likes to run
away to the ding dong here you up kid
mark you can jump it yeah sorry great
freak okay go get it sorry it's going
it's moving kids okay get it sounds
you're wearing hurry hurry
I'm trying to help you stink stop stop
got it I was hopin for the ball you got
it dude we're using it up oh that was
pretty freakin cool
that's the coolest thing you've done
Marley oh my gosh
and how many years of you guys know
Marley always has this crap some
feedback no not that one
this one
I think their favorite thing is the
current I can't figure this out
it's like you're fishing with them with
that oh you just lost your stick then
the current is like we're totally
talking he's going how's this flow pack
of Florida is that just like a doggy bad
a ad hey pal it runs off is a big thing
dog
well that one runs off to all other dogs
do have a cease fighting thing a
separate block Jim fun buddy oh there's
something right there in the water just
a rock
this is Rick rock just a rock just like
walking around my father enjoying sister
get them tired at the river that way
they sleep the whole drive using our
brain for one one last thing oh this is
a good guy look at this one last thing
to do before we leave we got to utilize
this blackberry tree spent in a bush
that's been sitting there right in front
of our right in front of our thingy
right there there's no way you're gonna
get that one
I cover spiders in Florida probably cost
us five bucks this is awesome so fun
okay bunch of them a lot of wonderful at
first I was like oh these are definitely
poisonous then we asked people living
here and they're like no no no you can
totally think this and as we're driving
to I remember we're driving but like
people just pull it on the side of the
road and just start taking blackberry
everyone over on the Tyler are just
kicking my face pretty cool that's still
many blackberries their stomach would
hurt so bad that's a nice little this is
like the best RV park in the world cheap
yeah good free poop I feel like how are
sailing it's $4.99 for a tiny little
piece that would cause you happy decent
are super fresh probably nothing you
sleep is like I'm prayin all the way I
lose to your tongue yeah I'm not really
blue it's purple crazy to think we
literally started with as far as eat and
now we have a farthest west code but it
call to think about
then what we're at
there's a long way from home that is the
cutest thing diesel they're going to
spend the night and another Travel
Center just because we want to make sure
we can get to Yellowstone and spend as
much time as possible I know kind of how
it feels like to some people that we
just like rush rush rush the thing is we
kind of expected this for a road trip we
expected you know the half I mean we're
going to a lot of places all over the
country so we kind of expected it but at
the same time we're seeing a lot of cool
things I hope you enjoyed today's video
and I will see you tomorrow as always
have a good night bye guys
