but guys it's one of my favorite places
nah daddy holy oh good morning everyone
that is currently 728 a.m. i've been
awake for over an hour i had to get up
and upload the video which is not it's
it it's fine not complaining just kind
of upset that I'd really sleep much hey
I hate pizza there before John Sarah's
wedding that's funny hey hey sorry
Driver Vlad driver lately no yawning oh
no she's your me cuz I'm so boring I get
it let's wrap this up and we'll vlog
when I more interesting so I broke up
with one of my boyfriend's I thought I
was bored with our conversation tonight
we're gonna call you jaani yeah okay
good morning you know really
really early we got the news that we're
doing the breakfast club so we gotta
cram or breakfast well I'm you don't
stage like 20 minutes I guess on the
bright side since we're playing so early
it's actually really fricking nice out I
think it's 80 degrees and a good
first time the entire tour I'm actually
wearing jeans I'm dancing that that high
a little goody-goody got it you're going
to go for the note and schneid it like
cause if you jump when you scream really
really hide you can't scream and make
any noise or in the when the trailer is
nice but from the Sun that's positive
going exploring huh so that's where you
go to die I'll do it I'll do it I what
is going on these two stepping stones
I guess continue it all right check out
nerd nerd rocks washing machine hi there
and dryer the most beautiful venue of
the door so far bunch of trees not a
stupid hot parking lot or anything like
that and hide like this
natural umbrella this is for Ali
Christmas tree that's a killer
amphitheatre
so awesome looking
it's true very true that's what are we
done for car oh my god I did this did
you get of a person no she's no Robin
exeunt no rabbit oh no what I found in
the ceilings it's been a long time again
I said this about 15,000 times but we
have not slept and we just missed
another flight to Honolulu but we've got
three full of you out here you know
there's always something good care act
the crowd centers that way hello I don't
think a view of the flights that we're
missing is helping me feel fit any
better so where is my hairbrush Oh
where's Harris well I don't actually
know the rest of my detail songs I never
watched it but I know everybody else
is my hairbrush tell me your magic trick
brought to you by Eminem's ok so to what
if this is a matter how many there well
yeah there needs to be an even oh ok ok
so yeah
KC 10 do you have an even number looking
out more but he already okay you suppose
yeah I'm so with all unity so I think
I'm
oh that was the worst magic trick you've
ever seen he's done I felt like so much
pressure could you like that oh you're
gonna do it I knew it was gonna be fake
but I didn't know was gonna be that big
I thought you're gonna like put it in
your mouth or something say where'd they
go oh we are so crazy right now oh yes
also I haven't had one of these in a
long time so it's nap time at the
airport huh oh my god that would have
been so completely awful all right this
is it we've held our post all day and
there's this flight and one more play
after this appt tomorrow mallu and
that's pretty much it for today so we
are really hoping that we make it on we
might make it on this one but Jesse
might get wet but then she'll just go on
the next one what do you make Jesse
I wrap it up in the grasp of the
chocolate brilliant to go to a rather
leave me I will have a tooth it's not
gonna happen we are all gonna make it
it's go exploring the my voice is
cracked yep you're pretty sucks Oh
Giants so easy oh that's a room
that's still that meant yes so I have
something in my eye I like woke up and
it feels like right here that's so much
here are you normally really seriously
ah let's go let's try to find Bigfoot
there's no snakes back here right
we're worried we've Washington did I do
this in Washington and get chased by a
bear this is gorgeous it's actually
really priest I was just because it is
peaceful then I almost look at this look
at this I just stepped on this I was
gonna use it as a bridge look at this
and I would have just tumbled all the
way down there I would have died surely
I would yeah I would have died
much better leave this Thanksgiving came
early and Christmas is all mixed up
right now okay so I go I got pumpkin
bread okay that's halloween I got
stuffing for Thanksgiving I got chicken
which is I guess everything and then I
have Christmas trees get off my iphone
get off my iphone
I made it all out
I never thought I'd ever see into my pan
for cheese Jeff Bob bloom do you want to
vamoose please excuse me you to get off
this screams death oh god I've gotta do
this is way too similar to that black
this is the best place because if we
hurt ourselves there's an ambulance
right there oh okay taking a look for
myself
one more time
oh yeah oh my goodness look at it go go
get her bed dude Hawaii Jessica on the
fight after I heard oh we're all here
well we're all gonna be here in a second
ho people are getting raised by the way
I think I one away what that is the
greatest idea I've ever seen ah that's
so cool okay we haven't even left the
airport yet and like look at how
gorgeous this is
I am beside myself right now I'm gonna
be the biggest tourist you've ever seen
for the next 10 days I'm beside you
haha
Touche Touche I waiting for this moment
for like oh good okay this is our lovely
little humble abode for the time that
were in Hawaii it's so awesome and
having amazing amazing view it's
nighttime now but this is just
incredible this is the view from the
balcony and it is phenomenal alright
guys it's been a long day I'm gonna go
ahead and chill relax someone left
people's here and tomorrow we're gonna
check out the beach but for now it's
bedtime kaneda trun thanks for watching
we'll see you tomorrow ok let's go
Charles in an hour
yeah what were you to the bathroom is
out of order it's supposed to be better
than tanks
let Allah just leaking outside out there
Wow
let's get trick I'll give it to him but
if you review the tape it didn't look
like I cared much oh look at this way
well let me go over here look at nerd
rocks mustache with score dude score go
to the side so weird yeah i was playing
this like an hour oh now you just
decided to share this knowledge just tap
it honey sweetie darling let me get a
pinball machine please I genuinely have
no idea if this is it always looks so
different without all the tents does a
bad oh you saw the plane Ali just got
the Hawaii house Hawaii how is everyone
everyone's doing that whole thing where
they like with a second the plane does
that ding noise everyone stands up as if
they can get off all right I'm gonna go
to bed guys getting really really late
and yeah so today see the phrase it's
not really a phrase right now I want to
know what you're thinking right second
without thinking about what you're
thinking right now just type what you're
thinking all right I will see you guys
tomorrow oh and if you guys didn't see
all the beatboxing videos i'll put the
links down there in a video description
you should watch those because they're
pretty awesome
see what you did
it's coming other yard
hey where's easy a taxi
giddy with child trippy
CTFxC
West with trust raphy
don't forget to anymore
