be good for Grandma while I go to Hawaii
okay I'll be right back with lots of
toys for you oh my god really let's go
look at this fancy krill all right going
to Hawaii excited god I can't believe
you're going to Hawaii right now it's so
surreal hanging out today
thanks ed good morning guys
we are at the store a little bit
different than a typical Walmart oh hey
gives them underwear
do I want a convenience peel be nice to
have some convenient stuff up get the
necessities buddy
you got to get the touring necessities
peanut butter lots and lots of peanut
butter
every fun Hey ooh muffins cookies
cookies cookies all your minds coming
down this is popcorn popcorn but there's
no popcorn there's no popcorn there's no
popcorn on button dear like a ballerina
there's really no way to get out of that
one I see it I see it I see it
yes
it's illegal what that oh my god Bluff
for me I should I feel like I should get
one like a cereal like crunch berries or
cocoa pebbles or something that like I
wasn't able to have as a kid and I
haven't had since can I get tricks
anymore even though it's for kids look
at this this is this see everyone but
you come with shooing repellent or
whatever that is yeah everyone's uh
basically everyone's prizes right now
six say six there was a home run derby
right there yeah we were right around
the corner something's wrong with the
bus so we're back here again at a
different party discover just want to
see what store I thought it was the TV I
thought it was a ghost
flip that switch down hey Marley you
embarrassed from yesterday's video
all right well oh that's a garbage truck
and Wow
a lot of trucks breakdown right think so
have you guys never done that one thing
like where you're not like you're at a
stoplight and then your turn signal
lines up with the person in front of
yours Jersey and then it just keeps
going and it's this exact same like
tempo and then it stops and they get
bombed guys ready to ride the plane
train we're gonna get some breakfast or
something
on the way to Hawaii okay drama at the
airport so you can just gone on a
standby flight Honolulu and bumped him
on because Anthony someone's telling you
Justin decided not to go and we let you
go so they could spend time with his
friends and he could organize everything
and it he just had the most helpful guy
the most helpful gate agent and we were
running to a because there's a flight
from Salt Lake to Honolulu tonight so
we're trying to get there and it's wide
open so
you better hurry we're gonna stop
accelerating
this train is decaying
the next up is another bus ride
everyone on the plane probably to the
commercial ding
it is Sun as soul we are still three and
a half hours away and it's 11 o'clock
you know what least we're not canceling
the show so there's the positive
thoughts
Oh Oh father who else works in prison
she thinks my tractor's gypsy whoa his
nose is huge
uh-huh come back to the boss you little
fucker
did and now jokes with nerd rock what do
you call a Gavin no arms and no legs and
a pile of leaves rustle what do you call
a lady with no arms no legs and I'm on a
grill Patti what do you call a guy with
no arms and no legs on a wall art what
do you call two guys with no arms no
legs chillin on a windowsill curtain rod
I love this man hey
do we have victory suite since we were
literally the last bus last band to get
here they put us out here in porta potti
heaven as you can see this is where they
throw all the porta-potties
remember that dolly that scooter was
trying to figure out how to build she
built it so now we don't have to lug
them
it's better radio fires Radio Flyer
already broken I totally didn't do that
ever coming what does that what did that
noise make
slap at me right now hopefully this is
likes left and right here sweets goes
away well yeah well yeah
peanut butter jelly peanut butter jelly
we have not slept in it really bring
them down feel good Peter we'll just you
know Jennifer baseball back buckwheat
boys oh yeah
so not much has changed our and we are
still waiting get on a plane how many
flights infinity and we've missed
infinity square anyway
almost there
let's take a little little walk through
this porta potty graveyard oh oh this is
the most foul thing okay then once you
get through all the crap it's like this
nice serene field goes from the Porta
Potty oh my eyes you see him you see my
eyes I'm like crying boils we're smell
look they rolled out the red carpet for
us and everything it's a good day
all right as a bonus video for you guys
today we are all making those cheesy
music videos and Koli just did his I
want to put do a little menu system and
you can go watch all these so we're I'm
gonna go through make everyone do one
alright Danny's doing his now so at the
end of this vlog I'm gonna put all our
faces on the vlog you click on it it'll
hopefully open up in another like window
if it doesn't I'll put all the links
down there into the video description
but then you can see our remixes
wasn't that lovely it's playing a game
right now so basically from the road
with Frank we are in paradise so right
now I am editing the clips I'm
downloading Charles's we just got two
old guys we had to stop through LA we
changed our itinerary because we did not
make Honolulu today so we are going to
Honolulu tomorrow very early in the
morning actually today because
technically 1:00 a.m. but Shh she's
Donovan so I'm trying to edit and get
everything together we are at moosh
mommy's house and I'm trying to just
sort my brains out right now timers
money my vlog again again again again
she's our lifesaver she saves us every
time yeah that's what I'm doing right
now come to Hawaii good night
wait is that a good ending yeah good
night all right guys I promise I'm gonna
go to bed now but here is the bonus
videos that I was talking about with all
the the beats the editing and the
mishmash and all that stuff so if you
can click on any of our faces
it'll should open up in another like
window if it doesn't I'll put all the
links down there in the description but
click right here and then you can watch
it and
come back and watch the other ones it'll
have a nice little menu system so go
check out and check them all out long
time right since today was kind of a
weird off day Ali was stuck in the
airport and I think she still is but
yeah okay so go check them out and see
which one's best come back here see
let's go see which ones you like better
see what you did
wait
merci psst
giddy with child tripping
with Gianelli
