good morning we are in voter Springs
Kent Boulder Bonner modders voter heck I
was making a joke and I so say boner
we're in friend Kansas Boehner's side is
actually the nicest day on Warped Tour
to date it's only 81 degrees right now
not hot
that's sweltering it's not
I won't spontaneously combust probably
one of the better days that we've seen
the entire tour
that was just me being introspective
eating pistachios very artsy right
but this world well enough of me being
all artsy for do you guys with money I
just wanted to kind of make sure that
nobody kind of like takes like much of
my coffee so I've been writing my name
all over the place like God slay a
minute even right up there just to make
sure no one touches my coffee check out
the girls is that not like the most
adorable thing you've ever seen look how
cute they are
they're like a yin and yang okay it's
raining and lightning and super scary
and this one is following me around the
house pearls let's go build a fort come
on let's go build a fort let's go build
forts
come on everybody under here come on
come on a fortress we're in our fort
this is our danger for it marlee doesn't
care so she's over there chewing a bone
now say the weather was beautiful well
it looks like we're really fighting the
rain right now trying to get on board
our training which could also be pulled
over like with Foo Fighters are playing
it was boring on them and it's complain
secretly I kind of wish that what
happened you know what I hate to admit
this right now but today all day
I felt very blah I think it's because
the Sun isn't kicking my ass right now I
hate to say it but I think I might miss
the Sun just a little bit at least in
the morning because it wakes me up and
then it can go away
so right now I just feel so tired I was
just walking by catering that's a really
good all right
since it's actually a nice day out no
you're like older and I'm just like
climbing on everyone's both grain out I
decided I'm gonna try to finish my video
because it's not going super hot trying
to find the tripod so I can finish this
video because like I said it's been so
freaking hot okay
keep it's up here can't find it I'm
gonna have my chocolate cake and eat it
too
we get gonna get to shit
oh yeah it's a shit time it's literally
like my mom's favorite restaurant on the
planet we're going back to kasi to get
sushi so today we ran a bunch of errands
I got so much stuff done because it was
oh my gut today was just insanely
stressful I woke up and I had to edit
and I woke up late and I have all this
other crap that you're gonna leaving for
a while at 6:00 a.m. so I'm like oh my
god I was like running around like a
chicken with his head cut off and I got
everything taken care of
and I think we're pretty much set for
tomorrow so I'm really really stoked to
take you guys along with us it's gonna
be my first time in Hawaii it's going to
be incredible I cannot wait and you're
gonna get to see me bust ass on a
surfboard a lot so that's gonna be
really fun
very fun where are you just guessing are
you just guessing and the wheels are
supposed to be on it somewhere
I'm Run Derby wait this is in Kansas
City scooter get the bus started let's
go
I'm Run Derby Dan and I were watching it
and they were doing the highlights I
remember watching the home run derby win
Mark McGwire Sammy Sosa and both Barry
Bonds as well they're all like kind of
playing at the same time at Frank Tom
but Frank Toms didn't do steroids oh
well he never admitted to it I I would
like to think bill do you think he did
when they were showing all the stuff
they were just basically like oh yeah
well we should probably not show you
this one anymore but it was cool while
we were watching it in spirit of Home
Run Derby we're gonna have her own okay
so these two women are rushing to get
their phones to take a photo of the
sushi before it's devoured which it's
gonna be devoured so you just slid like
ten feet come on girls let's go play
let's go play and grandma grandma's got
poop everywhere poop in their yard Boop
and grandma grandpa the yard haha yeah
what you did a poo but now I know you're
gonna be a good girl for Grammy and
Grandpa what really you're barking is
Justin I had to get my team on all right
here's the rules anything between here
and here's a home run hits it not a home
run over a home run home run home runs
basically like the Green Monster nice
it's 3d effect
one
over the months
Oh
I'm a stuck a boomerang but at least I
can play basement try one-handed first
person batter
yeah but I shouldn't do that again all
right last round I got three will he do
it will he do
and as the Sun sets the beaten ward is
go back to the bus from whence they have
come with Charles being victorious in
today's game of Amran Derby Danny
quickly drinks another beer can I fit in
there Oh suitcases why be you so empty
up except for feminine products ah gross
five days
for everyday we're gonna we're gonna do
a clap so when he's on 365 it's gonna
sound like a standing ovation give me a
dollar all right guys well it was super
late it is time to go on the bus and
head to I don't know where we're going
do you guys know where we're supposed to
be tomorrow I know when I could be in
Kansas anymore oh I just talked to Ali
and she's been sending me photos of Zoey
and Marley being all cute with all the
toys and stuff like that and I I have to
say there is definitely no place than
127 dot zero dot zero dot one gamer nerd
points I will see you guys tomorrow
ally actually leaves for Hawaii and that
I'm really actually rude jealous because
I've always wanted to go Hawaii she's
gonna go so technically you guys are
going to fuck off Hawaii for a week so
it's gonna get a lot of traveling so I
hope you guys enjoy the today's video of
my home run derby destruction and yeah
today's secret phrase is the 127 0.01
there's no place like it don't forget to
check out the merch shop if you didn't
know that we restocked it and I will see
you guys tomorrow
good night oh and PS if you've ever been
in Hawaii make sure to tell us in the
comments what alley should do I said she
should go shark diving
so if you have any other awesome ideas
let her know cuz she's never been there
and I've never been there okay now I
gotta go cuz all the buses are leaving
again they're always gonna leave me Oh
my poor little girl they're so scared I
feel so bad I know honey he's been
storming all freakin day it's been such
a crappy day here like I literally have
been just it's same thing I know I keep
saying like running errands but it's the
truth I've been doing Thai errands I
finally just took care of a bunch of
insurance stuff for Charles that was
getting crazy and out of hand from all
the surgery and stuff and fatality is
way up there I don't even know how much
money it is now something insane anyway
I got a lot of that stuff taken care of
and I'm leaving for Hawaii in t-minus
five hours
I have not packed a single thing also I
all of a sudden have makeup on because I
just shot a CD epic cinema video so
that's what's going on with that all
right I'm gonna hang out with these pups
for a little while longer they are
having a rough time today because it's
been super sketch outside well you do
want a super exciting honey I love you
and I miss you and I can't wait to see
you when you come home all right guys
see you tomorrow okay
were say psst
which all trippy
it would be an ally
