good morning it's really really early in
the morning and we are going to Quito
got like that frog voice still super
early we're going to work to her today
and look who took over my bed
come again that's my hello you could not
sleep on there
okay oh you're so cute okay you can
probably the most annoying intro ever
done for anything that I've ever filmed
in like three years
you guys it's like the bat signal okay
when that hot fresh now sign is on I can
sense it it's like a heavy SPN or
something
there they are okay so they're on the
conveyor belt and then they get jumped
off and they slide into little fried
even though there's not one in there
right now that's totally what happened
and then after they Friday flip see like
I go through the wall
isn't that cool there's a little ribbon
of like glaze and it's perfectly glazes
them
yeah so we decided to be good people
today and we got them loads and loads of
christendom but they're always like
hungry and they don't always have good
so we brought them some breakfast
breakfast of champions it's so early
it's so weird like I guess when you have
like a little GPS device you can change
the voices and places a British man and
I asked her she named it but she has a
name - yes okay we're playing a really
fun game we're playing are they or are
they not going to warp tour and we're
just looking at all the people in the
cars and going yes no maybe yeah
definitely yes totally probably you
might be a wild one the car in front of
us is having a blast they're making the
car rock they're just like moving back
and forth and the whole thing looks like
an earthquake this happening oh there
they go there they go they're going for
it this time that is hilarious
we're trying to park and it's just
madness there's so much traffic and
there are cops up here directing traffic
and they're making people go the way
that we don't want to go so I'm like you
guys we gotta bribe them and I was like
wait the only thing we have to bribe
them with is donuts and they're gonna
get really mad if we do that so we gotta
figure something else out really quickly
Ally surprised me with our new haircut -
are ya oh my god that's so good that is
the grossest thing I've ever seen it's
like you have a raccoon and a dead
possum on your head oh look at this hair
it worked on Jake how come it's not work
yes yeah you got a femme you ate any of
that
way to go guys my friends over you you
lipstick his collar don't bother ray Joe
doesn't Goolsbee that's my teenage youth
right now would be completely jealous at
the situation New Found Glory is right
here it's right here right here
there's newfound there's take back
Sunday and it wears yellow cards
Angelica is right around the corner so
it's right up front right over there
dear past Charles welcome to real life
keep doing what you're doing because
this will happen when we walked in I
couldn't feel me because I had my hands
while I was filming the line and then
she walks in and she picks one up off
the line as it's cool he goes welcome to
Krispy Kreme and I was like and then yo
she gets it what you doing yes
oh she's digging around for some
electrical tape because he has a hat
that has an embroidery thing that says
rip and cigs and I told him he needs to
just put a little piece of electrical
tape over the P ing the second one so it
just says r.i.p cig since you stopped
smoking
well recently I want you to do it it's
symbolic if you do it
it's gonna go away yeah beautiful
our ip6
there we go they have a giant let it fly
no Christmas tree
ah
watch this experiment every time they
did the snare drum aliens are blinking
alright watch I'll show you
screw the solar shower that's awesome go
for it no you go for it go for it go for
it
whoever it goes it loses us go in paper
rock scissors shoe I don't like it cold
on the bus go you you're you go back on
your word sir oh my god the reduced
refuses yes sir yes sir excuse me sir do
you know where the stage is
sir
should Ali get them off emulate
just kidding
this is the only place that I can find
shape but it's like terrified underneath
the stage and I don't want to die so I'm
gonna move we're waiting for New Found
Glory actually never seen life and they
were at the web tour and their play on
same st. Charles I just never managed to
catch something I've never managed to
Batman I just totally stood
No
yeah you steal
what it was
that's good see you can do it just got
it just gotta go for it state is new
game somebody broke it there get you the
tribal tats let's do a nautical star
every time we get it's like a new thing
we're gonna say please drawing on each
other
Yoshi making sure we do the cash let's
see here
I'm going with a dirty mustache no dirty
that is are you you went with a bozo
oh my god that one wins my crowns bigger
what are you doing over there huh yeah
I'm pooping huh real mature trap so it's
way too hot right now it'll be wearing a
t-shirt so imma just I'm modifying right
now got to go sleeveless got it wait I
think I understood yeah hunter
sleeveless always always sleeveless have
you guys noticed that my farmers hand is
completely gone worked or just kind of a
month in the Sun kind of does it right
every day I say it's hot but I feel like
it's progressively getting hotter and
hotter and hotter by the time we get the
floor it's gonna be so nice cuz we're
gonna have the nice moisture it's gonna
be awesome sir he's got a good bounce I
look over at Danny like drumming on my
corn that's good you guys want to see
something
you guys are seizing check this out
Christmas tray
except they're like actually growing
it's a freaking Christmas tree it's in
the ground we don't have that in Florida
we got the best spot in the house yeah
yeah Rachel I don't think I've shown
them your shirt yet today that's very
nice
hey Josh
it's really hot as hell
there's a crowd
are you hungry what you call don't drop
that taco or I went through a lot to get
that taco for you there's a rockstar
dinner I didn't really I went into air
conditioning and we got it
there's only good if it's been sitting
out for two hours in the Sun do-do-do-do
do-do-do-do up hey Maya actually goes
watch the bike watch the bike lots of
bike area
what's divine impression of a generator
I totally want to just change it what
like it totally like that most cliche
thing you can do with a sign just flip
it around
oh by the way guys its blurryface
there we go
is it God you killed it coley don't
change the baseball game do it do it do
it do it do it do it I'll shop all these
let's go to the barbecue so did you guys
have fun today
pretty crazy day right Ally surprising
you guys and everything I kind of ruined
the surprise didn't I kick the can that
was a full turn oh there's my baby
longboarding around me he's making a
protective skateboard circle
yes
with children
with trippy
