well good morning good morning would you
like to go for a 5 a.m. car ride oh well
you good just I guess so
it sounds like you do it sounds like you
do I can't even believe I'm awake right
now it's like Tom all right let's go
because for Grandma
a video for Grandma and you be you
especially if you get 4 grand marshal
poop ed no eating poo and no but juicing
okay I guess it's too early in the
morning for him to descend and say hi
good morning everyone
I know it's I know it's like nighttime
but it's technically to 3:00 in the
morning I think it was close to 4:00 in
the morning and we are celebrating
because it is Yoshi's last cigarette
we're gonna do a slow motion for it
dropping on the ground and hips stepping
on it how do you feel
last cigarette Duncan I was sure
Duncan's quitting - today we're gonna
work on Cole's be
you know she wants to go all out he's
gonna set an entire box on fire now well
we have water we have we have a fire
extinguisher and everything we're
prepared if you didn't know Brian's
actually a certified firefighter so
we're okay watching fire and safety
meeting this could happen to Briard and
right so we're good we're good we got
rid of them
there we go
how ironic are that cigarettes aren't
lighting on fire right now okay there we
go
it's gonna be a good day yes it's gonna
be a good day
I'm solved chick-fil-a is now at the
entrance we took Concord see well you
know you're gonna be the star of today's
video
so you passing out so we're here in
Michigan with Rachel and Andrew is off
somewhere I don't know where you've
disappeared somewhere into the maybe
he's on 8 mile hanging out with Eminem I
don't know so we're gonna go and get
some food right now and I saw them like
they were there so many crazy
restaurants around here I'm so excited
to like go to some of them so I'm gonna
take you along I think there's a White
Castle somewhere and I've never been
there before so we should go try it
sounds like probably the worst decision
I've ever made but let's do it anyway so
it is really funny I guess I never
really thought about it cuz I've never
been in Michigan before that like eight
mile and like them in a movie there's
actually like that's a road in Michigan
I don't know I mean that sounds down for
people from Michigan but if you're not
from Michigan that's a thing there's
like seven mile a mile nine ten eleven -
just like actually names the roads I
think we're just after 15 they get
actual names yeah they started getting
like large you'd be order the beaver
what does a big me I almost had a large
beaver is disturbing I was like let's go
hang out with Eminem and she's like
actually he does have a record studio
recording studio there my dad would be
very happy he loves a mile soon as we
cover with people it's the most dramatic
way possible
the giant here
get me taking his eyes off it's my hair
don't worry yeah you got the Gibson go
in a bitching to my men I'm on the neck
whoo
how did people do when it was high noon
just like pass out pretty hot no no well
they met people at high noon she had to
kill Sam
basically in and out really fast
someone's gonna die one person gets shot
you have the person guys of like
dehydration see after that
I don't want the scream and I think dust
just came out of his mouth I don't know
how we're doing it but Koli and I are
really hungry and we haven't done a
Walmart stop in like a week so we have
no food or anything yeah
we're starving
fishing to the other side
oh I wanted to remind you guys by the
way of lately on CNN see merch calm we
are our t-shirt store we've been sold
out of a bunch of shirts like the sizes
as of now I just found out from Alan all
the shirts are back in stock we're still
almost sold out of footing so if you
want a hoodie better go get it now but
the shirts you know like the roflcopter
the haters at 18 you know all those
shirts do something like that those are
still available we just replenish the
stock so go there now before it sells
out again because it's tough as balls
and a mediums go so fast it's this CTFxC
merch calm links down there I just want
to let you guys know before I completely
forget and then you're mad at me because
they're sold out of King I got your back
guys I got your back
don't worry and on top of that we have
new bracelets coming for the first time
a tank top for the first time and a new
shirt you guys can't see that it's why
there's a question mark down there I
think I found somewhere awesome actually
Rachel hope we find it
like in New York dude a super
stardestroyer that is insane
and a Death Star
it's fully operational and a giant r2
that is super cool oh my god I can't go
in here all my stuff look what I just
bought I just went outside my comfort
zone bought these like weird rings
I kind of like them now
I need to stop going mini doll clothes
already because I'm spending spending
too much money guys not a good thing new
Charles not happy let's be jammin guys
look at this bike gang this is really
cool there's like a ton of guys on bikes
and they're off what are they doing
they're so cute
gotta give it a little bit more sweating
turn it around turn around
it's on it
today is like the hottest day of the
entire tour even over Vegas and
everything so there's cops there's like
paramedics there's fire trucks
everywhere like kids are just like
passing out the dropping like flies
that's actually kind of scary sheer
brute strength
I gotta love inertia what happens when
you put 30 pounds of water not a
longboard you go forever give it up for
Yoshi what time is the ocean you stop
smoking around 3:00 a.m. it's been about
14 hours how you feel good he's doing a
lot of meetings to keep his mind off the
bank give him a lot of support on
Twitter so you can read that and
motivate him
Oh Will Smith who else's bum that Will
Smith didn't do a song for men in black
/ Joel did
it's pretty cool hey what's up my name
is Dani done this is just you know
intimate moment between me and Travis
opinion yeah we're ready all right what
do you think do you think it's gonna
open or do you think it's just gonna
make you do it
Jake's rich I are trying to look up a
movie to watch later when you like scary
movies so look at this movie that I just
found on here this is on the red box
list check this out evil blonde 3 the
wrath of bong like seriously a haunted
like marijuana paraphernalia thing come
on get come on really
is it good have any of you seen it I
hope I hope it's terrible
yeah it's about 10 o'clock so that means
off every text message in every email
throughout the day cuz you know saying
warp towards like a black hole nobody
gets any text messages or emails about
this time all of a sudden everyone gets
about 100 text messages and it's just is
now hitting me right now
: I hope you know where you're going I'm
just kind of follow you able asleep
I think olive warped or is here yeah
everyone's here all right I'm going to
bed
I'll see you tomorrow too-hoo up good
night kitty cat
wait
worse psst
giddy with trippy
with chakra Fieri
