good morning guys it is the fourth of
July and I just have to show you
something super crazy look at the first
clip that Charles sent me 1776 I'm not
even kidding that actually happened I
think we're a call you lived maybe 12
hours the shoe graveyard in Morristown
New Jersey
oh there's mine oh by the way guys happy
fourth of July hunters obviously
sporting you liked it yes the American
flag so where are we going is looking
hey Louis so more crazy unique stuff so
I looked at my Twitter and I uploaded
yesterday I uploaded this photo right
here of Zoey Marley and apparently it
went on the front page already got a
bunch of other websites
crazy ah you guys are nuts yeah we had
the giant pizza from Texas we have that
photo and then there was an animated gif
of me trying to go over the fence and
then there animated gif of me trying to
do the risky business you made all those
photos and all like go viral
this year on the other side of the door
Mike it's an American vlog today
bigger day I should get that for Ali
they it comes like this
wholesale it's pretty much they that
Larry the Cable Guy is probably his wine
what's good
so remember our yesterday I said
Duncan's last day was yesterday well
it's actually he leaves today and it's
actually this Duncan's last pack of
cigarettes right hey this really yeah
really I just witnessed Yoshi and Duncan
buy their last pack of cigarettes Oh
Yoshi promise you promise when Duncan
leaves he's in the stop already
depressed I know we're all depressed I'm
gonna give up coffee now there we go
everyone's doing the Luke Scott let's do
this that looks pretty good you got one
two hundred now my night when I get back
oh wait where's Danny okay my shave
merica there we go guys what do you
think and Duncan's on his way
tonight there's a pop-tart Foley
it's a very relaxed 4th of July
up the speed household today everybody's
just hanging out I think my mom made
like three hot dogs we're gonna go hang
out with Yuki and I don't know it's just
it wasn't it's nice to lay low we used
to go do like big parties and stuff and
that guy that gets old so we're watching
a baseball America that my dad is not
happy watching the Rays and the Marlins
actually the Rays have won against the
Yankees a couple times lately but you
weren't supposed to go no she totally is
my dad made her a little temp so I'm
eating Eminem is that cocaine oh you
guys like that it really didn't explode
I just decided to make it explode we got
the beards going I'm gonna try
paddleboarding for the first time
America yes the waterproofer all rights
like the astronaut one in space where it
just holds up itself there you expect
anything less we're all internet I'll
play the game who's gonna fall first
myself there a Kohli click here
alright gotta make sure not to drop you
guys has an hunter part of a canoe first
my Koli you going on the other side I'm
just gonna fall in
is it pretty easy to beg on by the board
sleeping me they have no alligators
right pimping to mine it's so great like
I've never actually played the game I
watched Justin play it I feel like I
can't get started because I'm gonna just
play it to listen to the music because
the music is really really good he's
been showing me all the crazy stuff
that's in the game we might do for an
episode of drunk gaming I need to be
pretty fun oh my god suddenly this
fourth of July that I wasn't so sure was
gonna be any fun it all turned into like
the greatest day ever
there's some amazing steak on the grill
look at this little vlog here might be
my blog noted did I tell you that I
pulled three things off of her dress but
she didn't even know she yeah she had a
needle stuck in the back of her dress
like a threaded needle that she was
using to mend the hem of the dress and
did not sit on it and did not
they're MasterChef this looks so good
what did you put on it rosemary or what
is that little Mary oh my gosh this is
crazy like watch my feet
I have like a foot massager pedestal or
feet here's the finished product oh my
gosh that looks well that was an
adventure let's check it out this is our
set up for the fourth of July you got
our little Warped Tour tent overlooking
the water
you got some got some food we got a
little grill going get some fireworks
over there that's sick
nice little setup I just wish Ally was
here she'd have a ball oh speaking of
Ally she's coming out tomorrow
Oh surprise surprise can't tell can you
guys see all the big fish hanging out oh
there they are
that's enough right there
yeah dude we're gonna have to do a nice
slo-mo when you uh when you drop that
last cig on top there we go well flip so
you gonna be a chef Koli I mean chef
Koli welcome to supervisor supervisor
ban for the fire right there snake oh
dude what kind of sink is that yeah
that's that that that coals with Koli
get some fine cooking utensils there
yeah these are what I call mini
blackened burgers you cook them right on
the flame like the sliders right yes yes
they're delicacy everywhere take a
moment to remember the two hotdogs that
we lost along this trip part that's part
of my heart that woman
I'm a counter man and out down longer
stay with me the rest of my life well I
accidentally threw the bat in the water
and now we have we have their ball in
the water and slowly our bat fades away
into the water I'm just waiting for to
go in my face
we're like right by the house what are
we doing and Yuki lights it and goes
inside
don't get out of the way what are you
doing what is that oh man that's like
hurting my eyes a lot so flashbang that
was I know I need all right everyone I
am starting to pack for Detroit I leave
tomorrow it's gonna be so much fun I
cannot wait to go up there I have
actually never been to Michigan before
so I'm kind of stuck to go so I'm
packing everything and trying to get to
bed relatively early since my flight is
at 6 a.m.
actually I don't really mind flying
early in the day it always sucks to wake
up but then it's always great to get to
your destination pretty early so can't
complain the only thing that does suck
is that I'm gonna miss these little dog
faces so I'm just gonna take some time
to relax with them now since I'm like
traveling so much and I hardly get to
see him it really stinks alright guys
that's it for today we'll see you
tomorrow alright guys it's been kind of
like a long day up colds be come on go
go yeah so tonight uh it's nice secret
phrase is we're good yeah why not right
hope you guys had a happy 4th of July or
if you know you don't celebrate it
hopefully go I actually would still be
the 4th of July I hope I hope your July
4th was good
yes
which all tripping
with Gianelli don't forget
