don't get up or anything my my what Oh
be good as oh okay on the way back to
the airport the day off was short-lived
but I did enjoy it gonna miss me again
sad sad face
give me a joker face Oh give me a joker
face
it's like I gave me a new Batman
character if Ali was a Batman evil
villain what would her like character be
with that face
good lord I'm from a satellite city on
the way to the airplane my profession no
you know I've not meant for question
like trash
crashing it's beautiful so can I bring a
parfait through security I have a
delicious up there's alright morning
what kind of late he'll you gotta go be
able to I like a delicious parquet in my
backpack I got this with the hopes that
I could eat on the plane please
well my parfait didn't make it
let's take this time to remember it
example just freeze it so it's a solid
my doing I heard you rolling around out
here and they asked him like you weren't
doing anything
his stinker hey you're bout really bill
good girl yeah you got that Lambchop
don't ya this morning I woke up and I
went to get a drink of water and Zoe was
chewing on her lamb chop toy while she
was in bed this morning
look what was in the water there's like
an entire chunk of like dog fuzz in my
drinking water I guess I won't be
drinking that or genuinely confused on
where to play is in the a terminal we've
gone back and forth twice it's out there
but like the building where it would be
gone they were just losing our mind
maybe always it's that new sign now what
is complete house to be just questions
just lay down a single like chicken
nugget instead of a flower they just got
rid of it and the pair respects like it
may be behind there it might be behind
there do you want to explain your day so
far still I have no idea where my wallet
is and oh by the way it's still only
8:57 a.m. already I just got a brand new
ID credit card debit card have no idea
what was that my left right rear light
is just stuck on not like the brakes are
stuck on like just one little light on
my car it's just stuck on and you have a
stuffy nose now I well I I didn't really
wake up normally like normal people
that she just started sneezing violently
I always feel like an astronaut when I
do this oh by the way you know that one
time when I do the live show and I said
something like a quote were like my
yesterdays your today or whatever you
want I said it wrong what I meant to say
was my yesterday is your today my today
is your tomorrow quote Charles Trippy I
know that was kind of random I have no
idea why that just popped in my head but
I think it was good I was just looking
at Twitter and I saw it I was like oh
maybe they said it wrong hello here
Internet
I just feel fancy seeing you here had no
idea you were gonna be here today I
don't know what I'm doing anyway hello
everyone this isn't the first clip that
I filmed today but this is the first
time I've been like out and about today
I cleaned up the house cuz Charles
leaves it like a hurricane went there
every time comes home for a couple days
so I had to clean up some stuff which I
don't mind actually love cleaning and I
love being in my house it was so
exciting to be home for the first time
when what felt like forever and just get
a good night's sleep you know it cuz
it's so great to go out to VidCon and
those events and everything in see
everyone but it truly is really tiring
to travel so much so it's pretty cool to
be able to be home and your own bed but
the doggies and I got to see Coco and
she's so cute I have been putting that
little hat on her like as much as I
possibly can she probably is going to
grow up to be a horrible cat now because
I'm like torturing her
it's the cutest thing that you've ever
seen I mean that's like it's just so
funny
so Charles always drink the Starbucks he
gets all his little reward so he got to
the low cards for free drinks today so I
think you know what
take it when I make it I went wild thing
got a Grande instead of at all just so
crazy for an airport shower Doug it is
it your last day it's your last day
oh don't look so happy back on the
mobile home suck Venice waiting waiting
to do that it feels like you know like
in school did you ever get pizza vain
like elementary school yeah this is what
it feels like pizza day
P today I'm walk tour today seems like
the Venge a little ferris wheel one of
those venues were just kind of like a
giant cluster F with everything
there's one of those sliding through a
rainbow I'm not really sure I can't went
out looking for the stage and but think
we completely honest I went I went
towards the stage and then I saw this
giant Ferris wheel right over there and
immediately I started walking towards
the first trying to fly home and
surprise alley
honey I was gonna surprise you for
fourth of July but I couldn't get a
flight cause of like the st. Louis and
all that fun stuff and our bus call I
wouldn't be in where I need to be so I
wasn't able to do it so I'm kind of
bummed but I think she's coming out
Friday
was it Detroit all right having found a
shower oh look it's a good Charlotte's
old like kind of fill this baby up screw
it this will do just becoming like a a
new ritual isn't it another tradition we
have the conquistador we have Ted now we
have this is anyone else getting the
irony of doing this in a shower I just
know it's gonna be really really busy
quick today's secret phrase is ironic
shower it's dripping everywhere I will
do it what is this the shoe rack the
shoe racks do we have a point like look
at this yo she did this for the sake of
people at the bottom bunk ie myself
which this is where I sleep this is
where my head goes well you're just
taking the shoes off laying down I know
you got a Charles Trippy well the fact
that we're 26 years old Douggie this is
your last walk
my cries are my sunlight docket is
retiring after ten years ten years ten
years on the road might get my first
tour well it's like nine and a half
thousand three dude I was on that door I
was on that tour of my old man that's
crazy Booya everyone make sure to say
you know good luck to Duncan he's gonna
actually go he's gonna be training dogs
it's gonna be the dog rocker and yeah
Duncan's last walk savor it Batman
hi guys my dream came true and I just
got a brand new washer/dryer and it's so
exciting and I can't wait to show you
guys it's that one we were looking at
before I didn't want to scare the lady
in the store so I didn't film while I
was there getting it but oh my gosh I'm
so excited new washer/dryer coming I
think that's actually gonna get here
while I'm away because I just planned a
trip to go to the Detroit warp tour to
see Charles on Friday and we're gonna go
and hang out with some old friends
that's gonna be really fun I brought my
dad I'm like I'm not just a little girl
I got my dad here don't lie to me about
this stuff I don't know I always feel
more confident when I do like Home Depot
or like any kind of appliance stuff
won't have my dad because he knows all
about this stuff so he helps me out
thanks dad I don't know what happened it
is it kind of blacked out
was it good so hot up there so guys that
was the last Duncan vision for a while
silver and so it's it's on hold
pause we're gonna pop it I'll be back
alright so what we're gonna do tomorrow
is we're gonna try to shoot a video
we're gonna do an interactive video it
might give it a couple days at it or
we're gonna do an interactive video
where it's like Duncan like this and
you're gonna click on part of his body
and he's gonna tell you if we're gonna
zoom in and show you all his tattoos
because he's got them all there they're
under his shirt how many do you have
someone your ass don't even know we
might not be able to do the assets now
David I will eventually so we're gonna
try to do an interactive Duncan tattoo
video oh we have to do it by tomorrow so
stay tuned we're doing positive Duncan
vision now Wolverine your hair the
Avengers
where's this Marvel vs. DC hey look guys
it's the who stash
I brought Batman to his rifle bike he
was a little lost lost where is it is
this one remember the other day when the
M was walking around with a baseball bat
and Danny really wanted one well an
awesome CTFxC R brought us this you want
to I point to the fences they
we'll see
Oh today Yuki bought one of these nerf
guns but it's like oh yeah right yeah I
got the goodwill for ten block guys time
to go to bed although you know what I'm
freaking out a little bit because I'm
running out of room on my computer and
on my external hard drive I need to
transfer some raw footage because we
save all of the raw footage like we have
all of the raw clips so it takes up a
lot of room I'm actually kind of freaked
out I don't know what to do right now
cuz I don't think I have another
external harddrive here we have two this
is like a nerd central there's got to be
another external hard drive go eating
the dog treat it's just dry right it's
just drier than normal so guys I have
something I want to talk to you guys
about I feel like I haven't been really
truly honest with you guys about Who I
am I feel like I've been just kind of
keeping things in the dark
it's kind of like a knight or something
like that but I feel like I should be
honest with you guys and I shouldn't be
you know keeping all these lies and
these secrets to myself anymore and I
feel like you guys the CTFxC can handle
the truth I'm Batman you didn't like
those he's a gourmet once dude these are
gourmet there we go toys got these Joey
mother like the stories
I think don't let you have one oh yeah
um watch it
Japanese hardcore wrestling vol 3
the guitarist hanging out all right guys
it's time it's time to go to bed I'll
see you guys tomorrow good night
wait
worse
giddy with y'all trippin
merci
with Dirty Harry don't forget to
