a lagana I was just now starting our
adventure through the redwoods and at
the place that we're at there's
something called the immortal tree which
is about thousand years old original
height 298 feet got struck by lightning
so now it's 248 survive lightning a
loggers loggers axe a flood okay so let
me show you this so apparently that scar
right there is worse I don't know why a
logger tried to do it up there and then
just gave up and then up there was where
the flood was so what crazy to think
about but that high and then that's the
new baby one coming in but let's just
show you how big your massive this thing
is perspective shots isn't that crazy
a normal tree not normal tree so the
inside of one if you count the rings
sale but how old it is
and I don't want to count all that it's
just entire forest we found chat-up
CTFxC is been watching for years
there you go so what do you want to say
to the Internet
how's it going back is that yours no I
was just said my belly is he says hi hi
guys when watching these guys for years
drove up here just once in a lifetime
chance it's kind of funny we're
literally in the forest actually sitting
which we're gonna go in there and show
you guys all right pack it up Marley
ready get your water got the gimbal set
some water got some bowls we're going to
go adventure through this for it see you
ready to pee on some big giant trees
then take a few times can't do all in
one sitting probably you to pee on the
tree so you got about 9 wind picked up
rental car it was kind of funny because
it was super going me out we thought
maybe a literary beautiful absolutely
beautiful
I wouldn't feel the rain for very long
especially sound amazing yeah welcome to
iHome one of these episode of Tristan
he's the front door you're a handsome
front door
we're working on getting a spur place to
come through here this is my bench and
this is where the magic happens
there's my window there's my and
inverting window it just broke I still
got to fix that I've put some glass
there and there's my other window
and that's my crib gonna take a little
hike through the redwoods she's trying
to get that stick all right so it's the
way our first hike through the redwoods
silly do want to get a new tree a
redwood tree bring it back Florida does
this reminds your Fern Gully or
something you know I learned about the
redwoods
that they don't have very large deep
rooted systems they do is that they the
branches if you ever wonder about the
branches why they stick out the way we
do is because that's how they balance
you look so tiny oh my god and it's
still alive oh crap I'm thoroughly blown
away right now the avatar tree
okay the Joshua trees were pretty cool
but nothing is ever going to beat this
this is something if you guys ever have
the chance to do go to it we're actually
not at the Redwood National Forest we
went to as one that's called the
Humboldt I think it's called the
Humboldt National Forest or the Humboldt
redwood forest from what I've read the
reason why we came here is because it's
not as crowded one and it's got bigger
trees I think the tallest tree is
somewhere in this the city and this
little bigger that's compared to Ali
never mind how I did this actually I'm
pretty proud of myself I used that
that's stick leaned it up against it and
walked up like a bridge you want to know
something cool this is all charred like
for this is all charged for like a
forest fire
and survive it that's so weird
I probably got all in my face I'm trying
to help you yeah all of it right here
bad was burned I'm not really sure how
to get down now
and I don't trust the way it went up
come up come on you got this come on
come on time to treat time to treat time
to treat come help me out this is okay
just be careful it might slip so you
want to use it don't go up too high here
I have an idea you kind of almost have
to just flop your body over it's worth
it once you do it good mark
it's a giant squirrel with all the
clovers all right we have to find a
four-leaf clover somewhere in there I
think when we were driving we saw one of
these this one there here you can go
right through it
oh now you see me now I'm over here
this is the type of redwood stuff that I
was imagining from all my cartoon a
cartoon research
there's another representation of how
high the water got in 1964 and pretty
much all the Redwoods survived obviously
yeah 64 how long does it take
remember the drill actually I'm assuming
it's this river that was the one that 54
that overflowed you guys want to go in
so that I know check it out though basic
nope cold pick is the his first time
walking all they wanted to do I've never
seen him so happy
Marley has a little JIT swim they've
never seen a current before so I think
they're freaking out and this is ding
dong over here is just waddling over in
the puddles get that stick Mar why hello
there you going to try come up key to
help
marlee look regal look all regal good
job
this dog is in river heaven have you
ever seen Zoe so docile and happy here
comes this V and Marley's over there
trying to rescue rock out of the river I
don't know if you guys remember back at
that old dog beach in Tampa when I was
at USF how Marley would always pick a
rock and try to bring it to shore every
single time so she's doing right now
she's finding all these little pebbles
and dragging them back
population 50 that's pretty crazy this
is very carefully you can hear the trees
that weird I thought I was for are you
sure I thought you farting there's so
many clovers here I am just determined
to try to find a four-leaf clover what
are the odds of actually finding one so
this is the tree that's starting to get
closer
I still cannot get over the fact of how
big these things are I just love this I
know it's probably 40 50 times I've done
this try to hug it see what happens see
how far you have the pterodactyl in span
to let you blend into the tree it just
doesn't work you tree hugger wait this
was on the ground this is a tree
I wonder what like the noise a redwood
sounds like when it hits the ground it's
just gotta be earth-shattering I
freighting know run up it's kind of a
cool feeling I realized you're running
up but I know right so to realize that
you're walking up a giant tree that was
five hundreds of years old if you find a
four-leaf clover four-leaf clover I will
literally give you $100
I will pay a hundred dollars for luck if
you find one I look it'll be lucky for
you you got $100 let me ask you guys
this if you see a four-leaf clover in
the wild do you pick it or do you leave
it like do you pick it and potentially
get bad luck because you picked it or I
you know I'm saying like I don't know
like if you leave it or not but there's
so many of them that guarantee there's
at least one or two in there
how are you I should think it'd be bad
luck yeah I can see I've never seen this
many clover easy ever I mean it's just
like it's funny like the trees are like
blowing my mind right now but then I'm
all doing everything's blowing my mind
like this the weather
for your son good I was where we go we
don't wanna get trapped in here there
are definitely force they're scary and
then there's oh my gosh look at that one
the comment one broke but this one just
makes you all feel small on tiny I think
we literally just found the biggest tree
this one is it looks like a wall 50 give
or take this is a bush is 50 feet around
the damn tree
probably a lot of you guys are watching
this video will be like it's just a tree
trail just a tree I know I get it it's
just a tree but the way I think of
things I know I've talked to people
about this like rocks or like things in
life or the earth like that have been
around since you know the Ice Age or
things like that millions and millions
of years like to kind of grasp the idea
that something living it's still living
and it splicing fight older than the
country some of these trees follow you
know why it doesn't feel like so creepy
because like when it's a bunch of tiny
trees you can't see anything but what
are these big trees like this everything
just seems and feels a little bit more
wide open can legit get inside the
middle of this tree literally in the
middle of the tree how is it sitting in
the middle of the tree I think it's
gonna swallow me right now
kind of like in poltergeist yes it feels
like it's just gonna close up on me
rational I know but never know might
happen one tree
so I am completely and I'm really blown
away
thank you Alex keeps hearing things
she's like I give them good weird vibes
yeah I am getting a little weird vibes
just because it's like later and
honestly there's about 500 million
trails within this trail and we have
been going every which way this one
that's all I remember
I do I remember that one - yeah we're
like we're so funny because I feel like
we like to put ourselves in danger
sometimes not that I think that thing
out here in the darkness wouldn't be the
most accrediting in the world but I'm
going to try not to do it for the vlog
may have for a reason do want to go and
try and find that tree if it's like
that's like the festival the tallest
tree supposedly in this and Haley's are
crazy trees I got really emotional
earlier do it yeah I don't go down there
char you don't know what the heck's down
there Charles
it looks like it's supposed to be
something it's what I use in my backyard
to just piss off a whole neighborhood
and like 100 years yeah yeah okay don't
fall don't fall using an ant or a weird
cat okay I'll see at home but would you
go okay you do this in dirty dancing no
no no I'm not doing it that way I'm
gonna do the way that Patrick Swayze did
in dirty dancing oh that's amazing I
feel the Bern touch me very good idea
I'm fully employed member dangerous
everybody did that was so dumb if you
were wiggling like a worm you get up
wiggling feel the sweetness of it I was
on the other one like okay I was inside
a tree like does it so Ali made a
delicious dinner super healthy stuff
I will see you tomorrow I hope you
enjoyed today's visit the redwoods we're
here one more day so not sure what we're
going to do but anyway don't forget to
subscribe so that way you can see
tomorrow and the rest of this adventure
because we're here for another we can
have two weeks I think in the Darby I
think two more weeks though I will see
you guys tomorrow
have a great night bye
