he has baseball bats I want them where
is he going where is he going
good morning guys so okay we were gonna
have bad news but guess what I found my
ID we got good news though we're all
flying home for a couple days so I am
well I'm cleaning up trying to find
things up in my little bunk and packing
I just wanted to show you guys how
neatly organized I just did this was
this was a mess and now look at it it's
beautiful and that good funny you're
funny man yeah
I pushed oh I'm gonna hug it up pop it
up
there we go I got a pack hot stuff my
curry clothes which isn't actually that
much but I have all these dog toys to
bring back not only did I actually get a
flight home but check out this Sunday
brunch you know I decided to go for the
vegetarian route and then I think you
went for the bacon some 30 fare
hey buddy oh I thought I was flying home
today that's why I booked it today but
apparently she's flying home tomorrow oh
and see about flying home
hey fingers crossed on that plate well
my fingers even crossed there they go by
the way goober guys were skeptics that
that was the real Matthew Lillard uh
yesterday 100% he's on this tour
remember I actually talked about him
earlier because he has that movie out
and kind of got kidnapped oh and brought
him on the bus to hang out and
everything was laid-back dude cool as
hell it was actually kind of funny
because he was saying that he could sell
merch would see fair stuff like that
just for fun he was like yeah I could
sighs scream mast and then like took
photos with people going so weeks by
familia and friends I was like family
and friend they want a picture get over
here I could say that yesterday at the
gathering it seems like a plate but it's
really early and I kind of still feel
drunk gonna be a good day bye guys
Chelsea
oh no good I think
t-rex is coming if that's what they were
doing in Jurassic Park for that effect
it's just the cupholder
shoot shoot what you got there
okay Rock charts show me your outfit
yeah alright looking good you like that
so much coffee that yours we're gonna
play that we're gonna run straight to
the airport and play the guessing game
of will Chuck just play it in the
comments will we make it do what you
guys think you think we'll make it
we are in case
Rock chart come here let me see that
wait have in your mouth what do you have
you have an electric toothbrush you know
how to work him he's enthralled or
watching Dumbo right now and this is
like one of the saddest movies I was
like crying at the part when he sees his
mom when she's locked up in the mad
elephant cage like why aren't kids
movies like so sad the old ones are so
terrible
okay we just played I want to say thank
you and sorry to everyone in Houston
that we weren't able to say bye and like
I as I am take photos but we are
literally gonna be making this by like
five minutes so darkest of all nights
Duncan will be the new Batman in the
reboot next year if you guys didn't know
that I can see it oh yeah your personal
fan does it make the fan noise when
you're talking to it like out far up
right there and then you have the two
vents like right in your face
oh great they're so good
you're not Snoopy baby chard I see you I
see you
it was a Scott white television there's
a bike path you'll go out of there
exactly sure right here boom yes
yeah amazing oh is this good it's like
there's like still sauce like dripping
off the side it's like it's like not
even real it's like a Food Network like
picture it's like a chocolate waterfall
it's so like a delicious oh yeah this is
chopping up a parking garage a teeny
tiny little airport thinks smaller than
Sarasota look I would actually nowhere
near Tampa Oh got a cowboy hat
that's a little epic you know that the
gondolas and stuff like that look at
this Instagram photo danny has he took
this is in Venice so it goes the
inspiration for that girls drawing looks
look at that thing in the background
same thing I don't know if you drew if
you drew that contact Danny and see one
for every size up and then back down
again
I won the lucky lotto I got bumped up
okay princess Radley hold this while we
fight okay right back there she's
cutting up picking his nose
I'm good are you down oh she's down yeah
we're a b25 we gotta get the B 14 B 25
remember the first ones off the plane no
no one day off we have five more gates
our plane gets off in ten minutes
we're trying to make it I think we made
it we did good yeah good yeah we made it
Gibbler dude that's the closest paper
gun hey how's it going
fancy meeting you guys kitchen table now
what is this can we take you anywhere
wait are you kidding me you're sitting
up keep your seat
don't know down where's your toothbrush
I think I found it what Arthur you've no
n silly woman very I'm gonna sit on you
okay thank you
oh yeah oh no we got it oh we're good
thank you
pink okay thank you mister there we go
all right you want to do part of it just
this puffle there we go all you gotta do
I'm official you have to say goodnight
to Ted where is he I think he's sleeping
somewhere I want to get seen that night
is hey Ricky
turn your students to me hey Ted who
there's a snake no you're gonna do it so
begins our day off hope for today you do
that bullet ripped into a pilot's arms
in the elevator I need to put you guys
in slow-mo you guys okay okay
are you upset who tries to be bad at me
are you trying to be mad at me hey go go
be back at home everyone happy look at
that face did you miss me I came I came
to get you guys on cameras you're so
crazy
it is good to be home I just talked to
Ali and she's going to be home like I
like Turner
okay how long like November we moved
into here this hard to nuts off okay
that way she can get home earlier than
what she was she's supposed to get home
like really late so hopefully she'd get
home she gets home earlier and then that
way we can enjoy our nice day off
right like she the food would love to
have some of that please you guys wants
to have some dinner got some burritos
kind of chill out wait for Ali to fly
home it's definitely awesome to be home
again I really want to say I'm sorry
that we had to leave I know there was a
ton of people a lot of CTFxC airs out
there really I am really truly sorry
really I am really truly sorry but we
only get a couple days off as you guys
know the flight opened up last minute I
got a phone call and I was like yes I'll
take it you guys are awesome love you
blue my boy my boy blue good night guys
bye
see what he did
we wait
psst
with tripping
see
- it would be
