good morning internets I am starving so
we're gonna go to Denny's and get some
food I guess that seems like not a
healthy thing to do but we're gonna do
it anyway so I have not done a meet-up
yet but I'm going to schedule one on
Twitter I think that sounds so
unofficial I would really love to meet
everybody though I haven't had the
chance to like actually sit down another
really cool thing one of the things I
think is like my most favorite about
VidCon is that it's the only place one
of the only places I don't feel super
weird walking around talking to a camera
I'm used to it now I do it well you guys
what the hell I just lost my balance I'm
like almost ran into that pole that was
so stupid I know that would have been
the first time you did anymore so yeah
it's kind of funny like I've never
really embarrassed to vlog anymore just
as I've been doing it for so long but
this is a place where it's like
acceptable like people are like hey
that's cool if you're doing that instead
of like what is this crazy lady doing
fucking up fucking up right you know
hello today we are in San Antonio Texas
isn't this where I forgot that big giant
pizza you know like this just this right
here who's here right
can't remember anyway it's just rain so
now it's like 86 degrees no longer do we
have triple digits all right everyone
needs to come see Jess at the hot I
heart boobies 10 she actually makes all
this stuff I bought this
one
hey guys
so it's freaking out right now
we're playing at 20 minutes
so I thought this was the best idea
and I decide it probably is it you guys
wanna see something funny
kind of embarrassing I was asking Ali
when the video would be up and I
completely forgot I'm in a different
time so that's what she wrote a little
bit embarrassing plus with the mustache
character film something really cool
really quick guys hi guys okay so we
were standing in this lovely picture
line and the store locks up a Polaroid
camera but is a digital Polaroid camera
I have never seen that before
it is really out the finger that is such
a great idea
oh my god that's so cool I want one I
want five
we're gonna dance hopefully they don't
turn the music on for a shock wave you
should dance go I feel like it's like so
much movement like I'm bouncing the
cameras or they're not even gonna be
able to tell what the hell's going on
hello good they're having like a dance
party but I mean we didn't hear the
music but we're not in it oh you ready
for a rock'n'roll show oh I keep hearing
the use over there and thinking this a
CD but it's actually them playing
you know what they say right now you
still handling long things there no she
so today show up full of injuries I cut
my finger cut my wrist and I was jumping
up and down and I rolled my ankle so I'm
kind of a gimp right now I guess I was
just walking on so hard guys you know a
rock show you see what this is called
guys pull up cashing in one day I'm
gonna be lazy and I want to go on and on
just like catering and I have basically
Duncan and Travis by the balls right now
but I blow up Travis and Duncan's food
to up call you okay just careful I don't
want to I don't want to burn you okay
explosion explosion all right now you're
safe he just spreads joy wherever you go
okay guys be a perfect there's a small
child around get out here with your
camera ABB's kidding don't leave do it
okay seriously they'll do it again
don't kill anyone though that looks
really cool actually
I'll work on now I'll work on that
I'll get back to you all right come on
so guys just want to say something I
love movies you love boobies you should
everyone should love movies actually
this is really important this is a
breast cancer awareness I'm sure you
guys have all seen it but Jess
you guys already suggest and jaqen all
that she works on it and stuff like that
so I wanted to go buy this shirt I just
kind of wear it around so you guys you
don't know about it make sure to go say
hi to her she's here on Warped Tour as
well that has to be obviously the secret
phrase for today I heart boobies
do it flood the comments I love boobies
it's for a good cause actually - yes how
am I looking right look like Bob Barker
tan I swear I've been putting on like a
sunscreen like every single day and I'm
still getting so frigging dark this is
have numbers email it's a person I've
ever seen
there we go yeah that's pretty awesome
dude it's a good arena it really is have
had some NBA Finals in here and we play
hockey in here as well we fit hockey in
here too hockey in here - yeah that's
cool it's it's actually pretty
interesting the side that we're on right
now all these seats are retractable
right I pushes up against this side of
the arena ha that would be really cool
yeah it's pretty nuts got another
gorgeous sunset
yeah I'm gonna stop doing that before I
destroy something make my balls
Matthew Luther had this movie it's
called like tug it's like basically this
kid I guess it was like I don't know it
turns to do a rock star
and they're actually screaming it kind
of just relaxing using Trav's board and
just kind of going around it's been a
nice day
definitely definitely miss everybody
right now I was watching all the VidCon
footage and that looks amazing ally
looks like she's having a ball I'm
looking at air play airplanes I'm
looking at airplanes I'm looking at
flights to see if I can go home in the
next couple days cuz we have a couple
days off so hopefully I can get that you
know done so I can see Allie Zoe and
marlax I got a bunch of dog toys to give
so a mile and now see there are you
there
it's not lucky I got a new thing I'm
gonna start doing to everyone who smokes
on this bus I'm gonna start drawing on
the cigarettes and then riding cigs make
your penis shrink okay before everyone
gets mad I understand everyone has a
choice and stuff like that and I have a
choice they can do whatever they want I
am only doing it because I love them and
I want them around when I'm 80 that's
the only reason I don't want to tell you
everyone who's sitting in a chair I
humbly as an artist as a man I want to
thank you for staying and watching thank
you so much all right so we're on the
bus we got Matthew Luther over here and
he wants to talk about his movie that
was has ever been on okay go for it so I
directed a movie called back giggles the
world tug the fat kid calm you can set
up our movie in your local Cineplex with
your friends it's about obese teenager
finds punk rock music and it saves his
life and so what we're doing instead of
going to Hollywood and wanting their
approval we're doing it ourselves a very
DIY job so goodtime fatty comm set up
the movie and you can make money doing
it that's the best part and it's a
positive movie of people liked it so
check it out I promise you I won't let
you down odd piece and you better do it
you better do
funny
well so guys it's time to kind of go to
bed right now I just want to say thank
you to Matthew Lillard
never thought I would say that but as
the coolest thing to happen to a lot of
us for longest time because SLC punk is
one of my all-time favorite beat like
movies to actually get to meet him and
talk to him and actually have him be
totally down-to-earth behind the whole
punk rock rock and roll scene and to
make a really awesome movie it was
really cool and just he was he was just
totally down with the whole social
networks and everything like that
YouTube he spoke very highly of you guys
over at the YouTube land I'll put all of
this information down there in the video
description so you can go check out his
movie and all that's fun stuff but yeah
I will I will see you guys tomorrow
pretty eventful day good night honey I
love you very much
and Zooey Marley make sure you're not
destroying too many things that belonged
to Coco because Zoe I already know
you're probably eating her catnip and
Marley you're probably being a brat so
alright love you guys bye
wait
with y'all trippin
with Gianelli
