well I thought it was gonna be a good
morning then I smelt the water and it
smelled like sulfur so we are in New
Mexico are you kidding me one of these
days bro awesome well we're in New
Mexico that's all I gotta say down nice
hat
I love this Early Show today two o'clock
let's do it are we on like an Air Force
like military kind of training facility
it's kind of cool little nowhere where
area 51's in new mexico right they're
definitely lifting somebody out they
just what wow that sucks
hopefully all right
ridiculous treacherous battle VidCon
baby I'm so excited we are walking to
VidCon convention the big convention
convention because we haven't actually
been over there yet
I was basically wrangling the internet
and trying to forget how to get the vlog
uploaded but I'm gonna go and check it
out see some people let's get on it
let's go hunt some people down that
wasn't weird guess who we have here a
very special guest I'm blocking the wind
oh it's pretty easy what is your name my
name is Dennis and Lee do you have a
youtube channel I do it's DM MVA and
show me what you're holding the brother
who is daily that's right that is a swim
like so long ago yes it's so great I was
like you know what you have made our
lives so fun we have done so many pranks
on each other with that and the dogs
love it it's hours of entertainment so
thank you very much sure you look and
that is awesome look at this outfit she
is awesome
she ran away before I got to film a
close-up but that's very cool well I
don't know if dunkey got it on film but
I broke my broke another e string in the
middle
secret Valentine so in the past year
that's three e strings on a bass that I
broke and if you guys have ever played a
bass it's not hard so I what if I'm
doing something wrong
well I'm just I'm just so manly just all
that working out
breaking strings getting an email from
the bass there chat yep I wouldn't even
born I got two of them actually
yeah do oh yeah and they're unread
savings for the future I'm not gonna
read them until 2060 nine
funny ii so he puts on a green man suit
everyone's happy you could be like a no
negative rude mean the mood possible or
just in person in general you see green
man it's like seeing like a koala bear
or a baby kitten or a puppy
i want introduce you guys the baggy
maggy was a she was just basically crowd
surfing and something it's a party fun
and look at her face
it's a hardcore song right you guys have
to check out these mountains
no they look fake
this is courage I haven't seen lockers
like this since basically Saved by the
Bell
they've always been these smaller ones
telomere
I think you probably video bombing okay
I'm just wandering out and I have not
seen anything you have been fun so
the camera I'll be ready this is awesome
gaming stage gaming stage gaming
screaming I don't know what's happening
right now but what what's happening
okay I've never experienced this before
were in the women's restroom Charles
always blogs the weird bathroom season
so now I'm the longest one this totally
mall that I guess to keep the flow going
because there are so many people there
must be like lines up one there's no way
to get out there it's only a push in
door so the exits over there but I was
like what drop around there until
someone comes in but there's a sign
right here and I'm just stupid I don't
read accent okay there we go that was
close oh that was awesome that was
unfilmed I know I there we go
today when they're like winding
everything down everyone's tired you
know you got a band in the background
it's usually pretty nice out kind of
just take a walk through the grounds Wow
the fact that sunsets pretty sick night
like hurting at all so I was just
thinking about it and I was just
watching some of Ali's clips from VidCon
yesterday it sucks that I'm not there
but it's the beauty about these filming
the filming every single day Ali's
filming VidCon and I'm filming Warped
Tour so I mean from your perspective you
guys get to see twice as much and I get
to see what Ali's doing still so you
know I'm not as bummed as I was
yesterday because I'm still kind of
living I'm living VidCon like you guys
are living VidCon which it's kind of
funny I'm doing what you guys are doing
this kid dyed his hair blue and did a
dirt face in his license picture which
is amazing and the girl is going to film
this laughs but hello how are you
literally five seconds ago but she
missed her father's like in a flash her
name is actually Yoshi
and I wanted to show you her lanyard but
she ran away so when she comes back I'll
show you that's so awesome okay she's
back check this out
Yoshi that is great that is so great I
love it all right Kay so today is
Colette's 30th birthday and I'm going to
surprise her right now a bunch of people
are going over to Shay's hotel and we
are going to throw her a surprise
birthday party so I'm running over there
really quickly to see everybody and it's
gonna be so much fun she I don't think
she has any idea so we're gonna get our
reaction hopefully I'll get there in
time I'm a little bit late right now but
Christ this is the preparation of the
lovely Collette surprise party hello
guys hello are you gonna freeze up again
I'm gonna freeze up
this is a very like repeating myself
this is to the team planned out even
though actually we're just writing it
love is in the details
I miss Becky actually don't but I don't
know how to believe on final cut he
can't get it she can't open the doors
little pickup game of soccer
what poor puppy
this is how yoshi wakes up every morning
just a little motivation it's good what
a day is it gonna be yes
check this out you guys came in our
shirts and it's so wonderful
you like it it's been kinda cool I know
bottled water is a miracle
hello guys it's snack time what's more
than that this is a meal I literally ate
birthday cake with Collette and that's
pretty much all I've eaten today I ate
earlier looks like a little bit oh I
don't want a sandwich today that was
today these people yeah okay so check
this out see traffic cinema we got every
bag we got not these two again and we
got you work for Phil and you're also
awesome so hey you know what I know I'm
sorry I know that's not fair but deal
with it that's gonna be so it's gonna be
alright guys I'm in my little my little
man cave I'm watching Batman again of
course and yeah I just want to say good
night and by the way I know I had these
stupid little pimple things on my foot
it's like I have a constellation on my
face this Yoshi the chef right over here
I'm making food making food for
everybody here hungry I'm hungry
everyone's hungry we should give you a
segment cooking on a tour bus was yo
with Yoshi yeah you know there's a I was
bringing a magazine where they
top chefs in the u.s. here at 7-eleven
they do what they can make out of it
again
I feel tell yours you should be a chef
there we go Oscar Mayer should just buy
this right here right there right I'll
even sing so you'll have to put music
yes
with tripping
would be an ally don't forget anymore
