oh boy got a set feel like I'm gonna
spontaneously like combust this I gonna
go out there fine
I feel like today we're gonna see a lot
of explosions like that
like that
so freakin hot so I'm just hanging out
with baby tart right now and I was
showing her what's on my computer what's
on there and are they from the 1980s
it means we love every time yeah she's
uh being my fashion advisor today and
deciding what dresses I should wear what
do you think I should wear today what's
your opinion on this which one do you
like that one the most
that one's very pretty you should go put
my shoes on and show them what you look
like cuz it looked pretty good what are
you doing that's a Chinese finger trap
not a Chinese toe trap all right they
actually fit pretty well huh are you
tap-dancing up are you gonna what I
think baby tired just stole my shoes I
don't want to be that kind of person
that said just like all the time all day
but is I've never like take the Las
Vegas and multiply it by 2 and there's
Koli out here this chillin you went for
a run check it out I'm nerding out right
now this is the white socks like the
spring training but look at this they're
in feels this and then they're outs the
outfield is actual shells and saying
let's just fill it up with a Gatorade
have Gatorade showers yeah it's kind of
liquor like you might notice I have a
big hat Delaney got it for me so now I
won't get sunburned Cole you jealous is
this always even in the shot can you
guys see every way on this one thank you
very much we're straight up in the ball
field
let me see your best thriller oh yeah oh
yeah that's a really good thriller put
your hands up like this there you go
check out Mosley bears motherfucker
there's got to VidCon and all of my
stuff is in gingers car so I'm just kind
of hanging out my hotel room because I
don't want to see anyone with a face
except mochi hi mokey how are you
look at this party in this hotel room
you guys are the place to be mm-hmm but
you know what I do you have to do a bad
test so let's do that okay that's three
one two two and a half yay oh yeah we're
in actually in the White Sox dugout
right now I feel like the White Sox
really got the shaft
I'm sure Arizona Phoenix is firing April
place for not reading out of the summer
yeah okay the problem men have enjoying
their hoes watch out Danny that Honda's
gonna explode
is to show you how hot is the peanut
butter that was in the cupboard up there
right this it's just melting off all
time rubber
I guess they decided to change your name
in all time low carbon that's funny all
we have right now is basically beer
we're completely out of completely out
of water so I want to just like figure
out a way to extract the water out of
the beer
I keep walking out try to like you know
take a little mini of adventure to try
to find the state I haven't found the
stage really and every time I walk out
it's just I can feel I have so much
scratch sunscreen on right now I just I
feel it's just like a fire it's just an
explosion that's one way to do it
my first cactus they've ever seen in the
wild
blow them up so we just realized that we
get to be creepy and like uh-huh let me
oh there we go so we just realized that
we have a super creepy bird's-eye snoopy
view of the party via industry reception
tonight so we're gonna be snooping on
some people on some tubers and now I'm
just like I'm trying to go downstairs
but I'm in Barents good let me make up
god I wonder how many people have done
that that's probably really gross all
right so we just had a crazy family
situation and we finally got Justin and
Melissa out so they're coming tomorrow
morning thanks Charles check out my
sweet hair I've been doing a victory
roll I don't done this before but I'm
trying it cuz I'm wearing like a vintage
style dress ish
so we'll see I'm sort of doing like a
combination of what everybody said to do
and creating my own version of it so
basically the easiest thing to do is to
roll your hair in reverse and then
honestly I just stuck my thumb through
my hair wrapped it tuck the ends under
and bobby pin it's great like I can't
believe we're here it's so weird like it
was so much getting here and there was
all this fiasco with the flights and
everything but eventually Justin
emiliÂ´s will get here and we look to
mince these celebration okay I just
finished my hair I told you I would show
you but I totally forgot to oh there we
go
okay so that's so pretty the beautiful
blonde curls I haven't seen Alex peaches
with blonde
oh you can just peek
I know it's like dreams
not only does he run the place Kevin
Lyman look at you still still helping
still helping that's how cool the guy is
he's when it runs this entire thing
great dude
with all these security guys never on a
baseball field before we leave it's been
killing Danny and I to actually pitch on
the mound if you just want to see if I
can throw a strike
well that was short-lived we got a few
in the word security all right time for
an explosive shower explode shower
okay
okay so I wasn't aware that Siri
actually said swear words I thought that
it always bleeped like whenever I tried
to say swear words in speech to text it
always bleeps them - check this out if
you program it into your phone this is
what happens Who am I you guys want to
see my new creepy bunkmate how creepy is
that stares that noise sleep I want to
keep him on for the whole tour yes it
was a good name goes with this dude
patches maybe I'll call patches feet
bare try to cool down this food is
actually working at the Walmart
strawberries my favorite these are wild
licious strawberry do you guys want some
thin wheats those aren't as fun as good
you might be wondering why I exploded so
many things pretty much I'm really
bummed that I can't be at VidCon this
year like I was saying I was I've gone
through plans a through G H I've gone
probably all every plan I possibly could
have to get out there it's just falling
through and I'm really bummed so the
only way I can think of to get like
release with stress
it's to blow things up just blow up
those shopping carts right there and my
car right there
it makes me feel a little bit better I'm
definitely gonna make sure I'm telling
them right now
next year's VidCon I will hundred
percent be there I don't care what it
takes maybe we can get we the King's
actually play it I don't know that'd be
actually really cool I'm gonna go to bed
I just got my groceries for the week and
I will see you guys later good night and
sorry about all the explosions explode
you too
worse yet sexy
which all tripping
with child
don't forget so anymore
