every good dog be good little tiny dog
be good alright he'll go in Dennis Oh
vacuum the airport
heading over to San Diego to meet up
with the guys got a nice two days off
and I am on the world's slowest
escalator really this is unbelievable
it's alright mornin Ted super strapped
in traveling traveling traveling
traveling traveling traveling traveling
traveling traveling traveling
it's a gorgeous day hey so I gotta be
like a good intro to something coach
Daniel a the public already is a thing
but I'm gonna take it like it's not in
ginger oh how are you lovely we are
going to film an episode right now I
mean there is some branding going on
you're gonna get in trouble okay okay 30
seconds of room tone starting now
okay so we just wrapped on the episode
that I resent if the moms view and it
was so much fun it was a blast
I got really emotional actually for a
couple of parts because we talked about
Charles and his brains been a oh my god
that was the hardest thing I've ever had
to do I don't know I don't know if you
guys knew if you've heard in the
background what were they were doing
they were just trying to get the ambient
noise but I just kept like making faces
and I just could not not laughing like
all we had to do is be quiet for 30
seconds and if someone tells me to be
quiet for 30 seconds it doesn't happen
that just goes out the window so we just
could not stop laughing and I totally
screwed up the sound girl stuff I feel
really bad oh good it's working today
nothing to go let's get to San Diego
score I got the back on just the loop on
the plane watch this because you don t
cuz there's no one behind
telling the loophole mr. completely
slept the entire flight here right yeah
just got here to San Diego or as the
Germans would say Santiago which of
course means the whales vagina this is a
bad thing about always blogging I never
pay attention where I'm going so I don't
know I don't know where else oh there
there we go baggage claim
that is the most anxiety driven stopping
I've ever been up
play the line all right now let's spend
hours trying to find which buses are oh
that's our bus right there okay primping
episode of trash
I'm actually okay I just watch them
shoot they did so many adorable episodes
of the moms view I'm so excited and now
I'm getting 201 when you put it like a
hundred girls in a room you came
prepared though multi mom he's got like
all this stuff out here and I'm a bit
multi puff I'm interviewing you not
correct and I think we have some stories
I'm gonna be so nice so why are you so
dumb miss ginger here for a you know
just an episode of moms vo and I'm
nervous because I haven't ever done this
before
but I've got a cheat sheet I'm gonna ask
and now I'm gonna stop blogging because
I was watching me this is awesome
it seems like a longboard yeah
all right that's gonna be my new toy I
gotta get a what are they called penne
penne boards
just like sir snowboarding which is
something I can't do
well I'm a complete idiot somehow I lost
my pass no idea where and take two I
feel like every skate like skate video
wham blance where I am the last man back
better half an ounce wait to see this
clip Ali I'm on the phone with Ali just
saying how much of a beast Coley is
right now no a beast he's killing it
right now just go down get go nice and
slow come on slow that go down yeah I
get you a full pinch put spikes there to
make sure you're like oh my god
the words oh my goodness we just wrapped
on the last episode of the moms you and
I got two guests home I was so much fun
I've ever done just take let's word I
was awesome I think it's it's so amazing
they have such a well-oiled machine
going it makes me like jealous every
time I try to do drunk gaming I'm like I
don't have anyone but they were very
efficient and it was very cool and told
him they actually made me miss college
because at FSU I used to go and meet a
bunch of student films and it was just
like that and it was so fun and it makes
me miss school and it makes me miss John
and films going all that stuff so
kind of sad but it was also really fun
at the back that's it and now I can
returning whatever trying to find fruit
okay good back down
Internet what are those spinny thingies
on top of that sign also check out the
moon also what are those things
what are you Oh fruit stand oh my gosh
it looks so good I'm also watching me
slice this like crazy I know you want a
little cray-cray I got salt is I put
salt on I know it's all in watermelon
kind of but it's all pineapple that's
crazy
it's a dead body
he wants to play too hey guys alright so
we got the barley tent and this is Chris
he's Danny unite up with these
awesome headphones so that way I could
edit the videos on the cloud or bus so
when you come to walk walk to work find
this tech right here right here
a fine Kris and Craig right and tell
them that chosen Jenny send away the
King set up and check out their
headphones their free stickers were here
there's some over there so thanks guys
how far we got off lucky
check out in the ages action pretty sick
too
so again I want to say actually gaming I
want to say thank you very much to the
House of Marley here on the stages
because these are actually really cool
headphones because they're actually
eco-friendly so recyclable and stuff
like that not the planet people save the
planet Captain Planet I'm left to her go
to their tent and tell him Kris and
Craig tell them Charles and Dani said hi
for instance when Charles sings like
this yeah listen I don't want to do it
somebody do a fossil sounds way better
hi guys dance for me oh I like
definitely the extended snap that's very
dramatic yo son T show me a dance moves
so we just saw this girl out at dinner
who actually followed the shayloss
program and she's lost a hundred pounds
and she's like a senior in high school
which is just crazy that's so amazing
that determination is like unheard of I
wouldn't been able to focus on something
when I was 17 for that long that's crazy
so that's off to her for that also Shay
can you start your kid real quick cuz
you haven't done it yet today yeah can
you throw your kid please sir sir okay
go for it thank you three six oh yeah go
for Eddie ready oh yeah that's a good
one no sexting time on the camera the
kids have gone to sleep bugs so I'm
filming all the gory did you like
shoving food in sorry you're actually
making out
I like that beautiful here actually the
whale's vagina I was basically saying
every time I see that you stick back
Sunday or yellow card I revert to my
like 1670 old self pretty weird like
time-traveling barbecue time dinnertime
the long treacherous walk back to the
bus before the bus call tell me in the
comments who's your favorite Batman
Michael Keaton Adam West was a pal
killer George Clooney with his nipple
suit or Christian Bale Michael Keaton's
the best one honey love you miss you
have fun at VidCon and for everyone I'm
gonna miss at VidCon I am so sorry but
Ally's way cooler
my sister's way cooler Justin Lauren all
they're so kind of make up for the fact
that I won't be there but I'm still
trying I'm gonna try and try until the
last minute I will see you guys tomorrow
good night bye guys
see what you did
yes
without trippin
worse
