what's wrong guys I'm watch Ali packing
the prettiest as the one I found that
the was it I found that at the goodwill
and then go with all that awesome like
olimpic sure it will ring Texas yep see
you in California it's got a funny I'll
be here tomorrow
hi okay mommy's gone but daddy's here
yeah you're gonna hang out with me all
day see I would rather hang out with the
Tim Pam's want some coffee
want some coffee no so Ali and Lauren
are on their way most I think to and the
Justin are flying out the VidCon and
he's always destroying her pillow okay
you asked that pillow up so they were
heading over to VidCon I leave tomorrow
so today is gonna be basically it's like
risky business I have the whole house to
myself I could do the Danny a name that
would flourish - I should try that
where's our main man Ted hey Teddy you
are such a show-off you love us hello
internets I'm Ted
he stops every time and turns to look at
the camera it's so cool what you doing
there mom
check this out
there we go
so cool Lily saying that at my Fanjul
and saying I'm going to beat you at
maker studios
tonight and then tomorrow I'm gonna be
filming an episode of them on these
videos so be sure to check that out I'm
gonna film behind the scenes stuff and
it's gonna be really fun because I
haven't gotten to see them in a really
long time so Charles and Charles
do you guys see my eye it's twitching
it's not weird isn't it so weird I'm
still weirded out right now it's never
happened before it so I'm using the
i-pro lens right now that for the iPhone
I go why did everything is awesome
you know what I'll probably do like a
review I'll probably put on the trippy
Channel today cuz I can't I can't drive
anywhere cuz of the stupid stuff so I
might be just chillin and going crazy
all day risky business business thing
myself
that sounds terrible I mean the dancing
what okay just stop talking roses you
ready go ready I can't go yet
it's an armadillo you know what I need
to get for this is one of those like
what are they jaw bones or something
like the blue tooth like speakers then
this thing will be the gangster card I
am I can't even understand she's got a
haircut I yeah you get looks great
you're like clean-cut mr. sassy pants
hi oh oh you like please
don't move Haley I like that stance it's
good hey guys maker and this office is
insane and what is shade like step into
my own
I thought weird yesterday light on your
vlog the other day when I had my I am
yes you get the cannon well now I have
this one the 300 which is I mean it's
good but like Charles has the 110 and he
already cracked the screen did you're in
trouble mr. Charles don't ever have nice
things I'm just gonna erection his
office there busily working and I'm just
like bothering him happy birthday I
wasn't at any daily bother my birthday
actually that's not sure that's work
harder it's like that we don't squeak
off all like this is the worst I've ever
if this is like my love for Ray like
this is not a good sign it looks like
we're going to kidnap someone is one of
them
we miss your egg coming five o'clock a
ransom note oh my gosh this is so sick
this is wall to wall green screen I was
just saying to them I'm like if I were
like a good editor I would edit myself
walking past the Eiffel Tower right now
or perhaps checking out the Statue of
Liberty but since I don't know how to do
it you back I'm just gonna walk look I
green screen that pole in here in
depressing and that that's not really
there alright some wandering around
maker and checking out all the
awesomeness that this place has become
and all the hard work and all the crazy
stuff that's going on it's all amazing
big things are happening dude Shay's got
a pretty petty yeah do it pretty starred
I was like shoes outfit or not toenails
and I was like my first stop eating your
nose then I'm like put some on line and
so she put I'm like oh that's kind of
pretty because I've always thought my
toenails are kind of ugly but then when
she painted I was like that's cute so I
just got done editing a little bit and I
look over my shoulder and look at this
she's just trying to keep an eye on me
to make sure I'm not going anywhere
you two okay
what oh boy hey you upset I'm sorry well
you're a stink hey come on you stunk
I had to clean you I'm sorry I'm sorry
kind of winding down right now it's been
an awesome day off I just actually have
you could take a look look at that clean
clothes I've been doing laundry all day
look by washer I just mean just the last
bit of clothes that I had cleaned so now
they don't stink on warped door sadly my
baby had to fly out this morning she
made it safe to California so I didn't
get that you know well I got one day but
then she's gonna come out for some more
walk tour days so today was this you
know just daddy and bitches just hanging
out all day nice clean bitches now
what I'm going to do is watch a really
bad movie it's this I do you guys know
what this movie is anyone know what this
is is it any good is that movie any good
what do you guys think what do you think
it's god everyone's favorite actor
Nicolas Cage I think Ali just cringed
right now didn't you didn't you honey
yeah this looks so good
I took Jesse's device we've got an
animal style but this is all for me this
is importantly shit hey I swear I could
not eat all that I'm killing your vlog
footage oh great so I know just got
stolen I'm gonna blog why your blood oh
man you're gonna be double footage today
we're just adding in and out I left my
fire lit second on the back of my oh my
god no guilty he felt guilty they were
gonna steal it he said he should have
brought it no way
you see I did god that was insane we
fight somebody do my Adrenaline's going
so hard I was ready to bust through
somebody's like I was like a shake
weight Schenley turn around the goon and
then we're driving and also thank God
that case man that was crazy
thank you to Charles hell yeah having me
cuz I downloaded Find My iPhone and I
had it on my phone and so Ali called
Charles because I collect didn't have it
on her phone this is a long explanation
but he told Ali that I can log in on her
phone yeah we were literally tracking it
and all it's not the iPhone it's not
even the fight it's the buy it
acknowledges the pictures and the
contacts yeah
doll I'll never lose you again
as he drops it up though okay I've never
chased someone down for stealing my my
stuff before but that I was intense that
was really fun and crazy
good job trust seriously I'm surprised
me to get pulled over all right guys
it's time for me to hit the hay I am
crashing at the Shaytards Matta and I'm
gonna go edit I had a very long day of
traveling my mom finally got to LA and
I'm going to go sleep now
cl√©ment wait for a really long time I'm
really excited to get into VidCon this
week so I'm gonna take you along with me
and all the adventures see you tomorrow
I will see you guys tomorrow
today's secret phrase it should just be
like Charles Charles you got the swag
cuz my risky business dancing it was
pretty sick wasn't it can I guess
worse yet sexy
with y'all trippin
with Athena
don't forget
