morning I'm in the air I should just
grow wings I'm here so much alright so
I'm finally in Atlanta I have less than
20 minutes to get from the B terminal to
the T arrow
will I do B I'll do it I'm pretty pretty
familiar with this Airport might have
well miss that oh great this is broken I
already committed to it it's the worst
like when you get on these things you
already committed and it's already
broken so you're just really play them
at home so I just had the worst
turbulence ever you want to see what I
just flew into yeah it's not funny since
I was a scared poopless I treated myself
to some coffee you know that's what you
need when you're you know already
jittery is more jitteriness
hey Ted you want some banana bread fine
hi well oh did you find it
did you find listen did you find it
Martha I don't care about that so is
like it I kind of I can't clear I kind
of care about that hi okay okay okay I
was go to bed I'll give you the quick
one right on the outside ice cream I
think this is for somebody I don't know
this might be this might be for Ally I
might okay Ally sexy yeah
oh go here they know there's more in
there I think I know there's more in
there
I watched the vlogs okay
what
I just wanna give me up um think you got
enough computers over there or what do
you what do you think you ready to do in
there just that's just stupid
this new an old country and resume the
self assigning IP address them look it's
well shoot guess we got to bring you
back and take it out back and shoot it
what it's like discover something what
was in there Marley what is it uh what
did you find
what there's another one
did another yeah somebody doesn't know
what she wants so thing is there food in
here I'll eat the food what the hell
happened to my hat oh my god see you
guys this is what happens you know
everybody thinks that tor is glamorous
amazing Rockstar fun but it's really it
destroys hat it destroys floppy hats
chase the bat toy no I think they
figured that out for the first week of
touring that tour is that going hey my
fill of plastic bags with water and we
laid them on the ground and then we hook
them on something in shower in front of
20 people Coco's getting quite brave and
big I'm trying to go play with kitchen
but kitchen is just really not having it
stuff so Coco gets just closer she can't
even kitchen mrs. Merrick sir oh boy
Oh what happened
just get punched in the face kitchen
vision oh oh did she punch you she
knocks you out didn't she not do that so
who wants to go for a golf cart ride
anyone okay
I love it Oh see that it go Corrine
which dress yourself so you can't bring
Lambchop
there you go stinky walk in there
good girl you just walk right in every
time we gotta put the windshield up this
is raining so much area's ready to go
all right let's go see what this
tropical storm or whatever when a
hurricane are you bored let's go see
what it did everything I crap everywhere
anything every time I Drive with these
two dogs in this golf cart and we get so
many people like stopping and just
saying this is the most adorable thing
ever and yes exactly
well how am I supposed to know what's
supposed to rain huh how did I know that
it was gonna rain in a hurricane we were
in a bubble at least some judgmental
fine let's go
they see me rollin with two bitches whoa
whoa put it to great to freak over
I don't know if it's a good idea to be
driving a golf cart in the rain anyone
does anyone know I gotta get these
plastic things a toy got washed oh it's
full of water hold on just a moment it's
got dry out it sounds like it's drowning
you don't want this you don't want this
you think you're really whatever whoa
look up high the water is that is insane
hey MA
I'm just getting my feet dyed blue now
you guys are forced to play there's a
waiter there don't like this
get it Coco oh oh you're gonna go
through Marley huh
she's punching me it's it's it's kitty
packed me out oh that's nice oh the
right hook so I'm home for two days and
what does that mean I have to get a
camera fixed it
are you surprised Karen we don't do that
we don't do that we don't do that just
sandwiches I think I said that before
but every time he wears a shirt it makes
me laugh no we don't have anything that
you want we just have sandwiches
you broke the camera already huh yeah
you broke him already I didn't even
realize I was vlogging on this thing
earlier and I just forgot that it was a
brand-new camera
it's totally shattered on the back
already he's had it for like a week
could have been mine could have my
camera and it would still be nice he
goes how's everybody gonna get me
cooking down on an angle all right Steve
Brule
you know the thing where you go to Home
Depot and you feel like your childhood
is over when you're going to Home Depot
and having fun this is ally having fun
with washer and dryers this is what you
want and you're getting this excited
over a washer and dryer Wow hello Wow
it's so lame
hello lame you idiot that's my favorite
chick jump on your trampoline
do you hear make it for him so she's it
kind of halfway you can feel everyone's
about you can feel her actually ja she
pushes off ready you know that is that's
like the Stepford Wives like cookbook
right there it's censored I thought
let's show this either yeah that's what
you were in a VidCon never do what
Yuki's doing ever at the same time what
is it is it a timed course I walk down
here and Jesse shot it at the wall and I
bounced off I was like oh my god you
guys should do like a like a banking it
off and tragic trick shots and he's
actually collecting data my second
there's maybe like a course
research research since that looks like
my screen alright don't drop my gun dude
I spent like so much money I was like
ten bucks okay okay
shoot that window that is of course
what's the record 30 seconds don't you
protect your Zoe how would you protect
that did not hurt
that's a nerf gun that's regulated for
six-year-old I'm sorry okay guns down
guns down I thought okay I'll walk
outside inspect it
look there's no bullets in there see
Safety's on come on joy out of the line
of fire
dogs are deco but they old it get you
get you Australian bird dressed you up
there's a bullet battle
that's only six seconds - Jim crazy guns
victory well it's time to go to bed and
thank you guys for allowing me to have
these nice two days off just to kind of
relax and enjoy enjoy my family like my
furry my furry family and why always not
so furry is wait how do I rephrase this
you have fun playing with all the nerf
guns was oh there's Marlee
arti gali actually flies out a little
bit early tomorrow she's going to
California to do a bunch of stuff with
like the moms view and a bunch of stuff
for early VidCon stuff I'm on plan G
right now trying to get out there if I
can't go out there
I sent a slew of the the true P family
out there my sister
Justin Lauren did kind of make up just
in case I I can't make it out there I'm
literally on plan G I'm gonna go all the
way through plan Z try to get out there
if I can't
I sent cooler people than me out there
see you guys tomorrow and good night I'm
gonna go enjoy a bed before I get back
into those little bunk caves I guess
it's hard
and worse yet
with child tripping
where's he
with diannemurray don't forget so
anymore
