good morning guys so we are still inside
of the road by the interstate we didn't
get towed and we didn't get a ticket
actually we did we get a ticket
didn't get it taken so we're good now we
got a long drive to finish up to get to
the Redwood so we don't have to do this
again it's miserable
it was absolutely miserable we couldn't
like push the slide out out and
everything so alia we're long people
were pretty tall people were in only
five and five eleven you know I mean
kind of tall people tallest but like we
need to curl up and because everything
wasn't expanded you know the dogs
couldn't be in the area that's normally
at where we put a dog bed down so to
have them piled up on us
hey it was a wonderful time but at least
you're slapped it was way better than
trying to drive through the development
is more dangerous but this is what got
the wake up today Tatum those are two
things I heard alright let's get out
there we pulled over to go to the
bathroom because you can't really do
that when we're driving otherwise I
think it's kind of little chaotic and we
pulled over here to go to bathroom over
here and this is an almond field and I
don't want to obviously pick anything
off the tree but there's a bunch of them
on the ground I just wanted to show you
guys something I never saw how it almond
actually grows so I'll show you a couple
of the ones that are on the floor ones
on the ground yeah these are gross ones
yeah hey cool though I've never seen
like this is the second other than
Roswell by the way my hair is disgusting
right now so dry please be dry it is all
moist look this one
no the internal one Ariel
that's one we're going to show you what
an almond looks like get a pried open
these are all on the ground they come LF
it's supposed to be mushy but this is
off onto the ground so I don't know see
open it up inside of it
there's a moment wow that's so cool
I need to rest Don't Tell I want one now
ground almonds this one looks like it's
got like a Elvis lip
hello I'm gonna name this guy Greg
Allman
oh boy
we're really really tired this is the
part of the trip where I think we're
hitting the wall lightly Karen yeah was
just out to it
yeah no I was working out if something
happens but if you're like this trip
roses we're right in the middle now I
feel like we're hitting this walls were
like we're still having a lot of fun
what is it think I would like oh I just
want to go home or we're not even
halfway done so we got to keep going to
keep trucking along we are happy we are
I mean we have probably other word woods
and in particular
yellow filter
I'm in control while to finally cold or
hot
after all this desert like that I just
want to swim I just want to go up to
nice refreshing oh you want Tomatoes
anyone
I actually wanted to show you guys that
this is all the coffee I could drink by
the way I thought it was it was all that
need a bit tall but I just asked for a
regular coffee and that's a Russia
height forget about coffee but all I had
and I feel a little bit chattery fishing
and I don't drink oxymora Spock do a lot
cop and if you casting the cabinet so my
x-axis
if I had that my colleagues would
remember I probably like the clan
Lucretia my heart would explode
last couple days we've just been
everywhere we've just been trying to
make the pool there's another tomato
card to hold it we try to work like
there's no such thing as various metrics
minutes we're going to have variable how
does it sweeter Turk you get in front of
me they're going to make much
 lotsa pasta they crash into each
other
does that makes office the garlic truck
behind the field just make anything we
can just like make food what are we
talking about
and this my friends is bumper-to-bumper
traffic out in the middle of well-set-up
farmland in California
I do not sitting
nepeta we're like four and a half hours
away from you when I say that I do not
wait to get there I'm over the tracking
actually saying our compartment like
right where I don't know if it just
before or just after I'm sort of what I
do know kind of like in the heart of it
from the Patrol we're looking forward to
it now if any of you guys might want to
remove their place to go away any
recommendations on places your areas of
the 14th
no one have section below because we're
going to be there for the next couple of
days
but no no and no I said no okay
Aaron are you freaking no I'm bringing
back to 2011 god I just want to punch
you Miley are you wide awake though you
were sleeping though hold it brief that
that this is our new favorite snack now
just play nice even though he's in on it
he's dripping it everywhere I see a
happy dog
Nexen Hunter something for you actually
get cold very close to sniffing stick
they're also happy we actually could
have the windows down and it's colder
outside than it is by the first time
it's a higher trip quite beautiful would
you say don't have Godzilla
the other immigrant what
right with monsters cloud
big time Ali's going to get coffee so
that means you twerps meteor bathroom
we're almost there and granny damn
excited all I want to do is walk through
a giant tree since we can't drive this
thing through it we should rent a car
that way we can drive through a tree
that would be pretty fun what do you
want you guys missed it earlier I didn't
have a camera shoot okay but Dad that's
exactly what she did
just thank you that's exactly what she
did oh boy and I always say things don't
happen on camera
well how you did it but somehow you got
a bunch of spider spider webs all over
you probably sticking your head in
places like that oh I see right there
let's not do that anymore what do you
think my whipped cream and then Marley
takes it Papageno for Molly gentle
gentle here no better she got spider
webs all over still do you think I don't
know what to do with this homie I can't
my fingers are currently in a dog's back
no but I was like Santa Claus no no
she's go for the surface
no no more enlarged arrow back up
it is incredible the difference between
Northern California and Southern
California like Los Angeles and all that
he let Stan Francisco this being way up
here how they never said week until I
lived here I've never been this far
north to California to close my mind
craziest thing is all the trees and I
can only a mat I can't even imagine I
should say how big these redwoods and
Sequoia are other things in wicked sense
the coil hose to protect Street I feel
like I've something really dumb I don't
know I mean I think we'll learn but
let's just say they're two different
trees for right now I just sound dumb
for one
and that imagining how taking these are
huge I think I know the troops are the
really designed them the width of this
like RV or something and if you drive
through the car I repented this is the
second stop two days that we driven
miles
and she does like you don't wanna be
wearing up another hour and we found
this tiny little town with a tiny little
market so we figure you know let's get
tiny little stuff and some ice okay tiny
little town with the tiny little melon
get it no too tiny and tiny little
potatoes all right I'll shut up I know
everything about tiny hey did you ever
wonder how much the camera wave
cama weighs 1 pound more lifting I'm
lifting one pound weight every time I've
lost a lot of my video monitors done but
that tree and not a Wall Street Playa de
rigueur and the river bringing exile
booby the hippie fat hey bro
Oh cookie Mary
would you do your lip you fight it
alright guys tell me what this is I
think it's just a standard moth because
Ali's dumb luck got stung a bit right
there
I feel bummed hmm Oh seriously if this
ends up like a last guy where I have
this like Jay Leno like I broke I have a
good boil your season boil on uniting
seriously of nature are you not
understanding why are you turning it
against me he's got Harvey Park
obviously and we're just surrounded by a
bunch of redwood trees and the best part
about this place is that it has ask
phone on it so the mud doesn't go
everywhere so obviously we got here a
little bit too late so we can't go
venture off but I want to get eaten by a
bear something else I can get barrier
that's your look what's the difference
actually between woods and forest what I
think would the thing is something small
I think for is I think something grand
question for the day all right some blue
in your mouth yours is not meant for
this done I just got our internet
voucher its course 500 megabytes for 30
days so we'll see what's going on you
excited to be here this was one of those
things on the road trip to like if we
don't do this this road trip will not be
complete so we're here and depth okay
are you changing I can see it's kind of
like if Ventura you can see your shadow
bring a silhouette there's a thing okay
okay I will see you guys tomorrow have a
good time bye
you
