so morning guys the sad morning how he
has to leave again but I think I may
have sabotages again and she might be
stuck longer time number two to get to
the airport but she has 30 minutes to
get there so we might see her back on
the bus
I guess the Warped Tour the Warped Tour
gods don't want it it's like once you
come into a book tour you can't leave
well you see it line it goes all the way
today more misadventures of a Leon warp
tour I think you know what it is I think
that the rock gods just want me to stay
out and hang out with Charles wow you
guys sorry I just look at what I just
noticed was off in the distance you guys
see it took me a second to see it
massive mountains off in the distance
like I couldn't get I barely even saw
them because they were just kind of a
mist over there that's crazy
so yeah really bummed out because I said
Charles I can spend it here missing
flight not for flight after flight but
it's okay because you know what it's a
gorgeous day this is a beautiful scenery
and I got to see two workers instead of
just one so I'm okay with that you know
make the most of it Danya Warped Tour
rockets for keeping me here also these
are the weirdest benches I've ever seen
like who balances on a bench what's
around like what what's the point of
that since so many of you guys wanted me
to kind of die so no look at this the
lights are up here is it that's enough
more you guys were asking me to do like
a like a nerd thing on the new computers
basically see what it can actually do I
did like it kind of like a nerd video
and put it on YouTube by contest trippy
kinda like I did before I'll put a link
at the end of this video you can go
check it out and you can see this
thing's pretty fast it's pretty intense
I'd even know their mountains right
there the smog or whatever is covering
it look at I can only tell when you go
over here not so much here they're
moving the bear
you know this is like my fantasy
Dark Knight Rises things just okay just
come to the merge and just bring him
dark no beautiful beautiful grass maybe
it won't be as hot
guys I've been at the airport for so
long I'm going crazy I'm getting so
bored I'm just harassing people on
Twitter and just eating everything I can
find so bored now I'm just literally
walking out of the terminal on one of
these little conveyor please bored and
tired you need some help there with some
problems
alright so Kolya nice new missions to
try to get up there on the top of the
dog racing track see how big and massive
this
how's easy enough well attendance is
poor this year's Pomona walk maybe next
year yeah I hear five different bands
right now
they're right there that one wait or is
it that one like because they're all
facing this way it's just capturing it
all
CTFxC so managed to clean so he can't
use his fingerprints because did you
think it's going to do I didn't look
good I won't sit on a tripod oh yeah you
like this Steadicam Steadicam he goes
like this
we're shooting videos today hopefully
I'll give it up in a couple maybe a whoa
feed yourself like that I'm getting to
the time in the evening in the airport
when things are closing like it's like
11 o'clock at night and everything is
shutting down and starting to look
really people are starting to get really
sparse and I'm running on very little
sleep and getting sort of delirious so
you always get to see Charles do this
and I get to see me do it
on the cool side though I met a really
nice guy who works at this airport he
watches our videos so hello guy who
watches our videos whose name I totally
didn't get thanks for saying bye he's
even spelling right probably not like I
winged it Elita no nope
I was riding sharing light of Allegiance
I didn't notice about legions I said I
wrote it in my head I was like
autocorrect will fix this it's pretty
bad so as you guys probably saw Ali
finally got on a plane she's been at the
airport for the last two days so she's
got a plane she's going home and we're
swapping the stage right now this feels
like the tunnel and the good guys where
Derek Jeter gets shot
slowly we sneak around the crowd
now this ferret fan here I'll be ally
for a second
now they're walked or barbecue see what
I said it was like a summer camp I was
the line was a Hello Jiminy Cricket
who's your top hat alright guys I have
enough you know I haven't felt like you
know we've had a conversation in a while
you know it's been so crazy actually
it's been really really crazy and I
truly truly truly hope you guys are
enjoying this you know just all this
traveling and behind the scenes and
seeing all these people and just seeing
how life is different a different type
of life right this is what my dad would
go and do you know what I mean when my
dad I never understood what when I was
really little I never understood why my
dad would leave all the time and you
know I always wondered what it was and
this is pretty it's pretty fascinating
because this is what he did you don't
even so it's really cool to kind of do
the same thing and I have an amazing
amazing wife that allows me to do this
an amazing group of viewers that allowed
me to do this every single day so it's
just
I'm gonna fly home to go see Ali and
Zoey Marley and cuz I have a couple days
off and rather staying in California I'd
rather just fly home so I'm working that
out hopefully that works out and I can
go see the little pig face
and the dog face and alley face I mean
bottom line I just hope you guys are
enjoying traveling the world with me and
Ali and Zoey Marley and the rest of the
CTFxC because I sure as hell I'm having
a lot of fun cuz I mean really in all
honesty who else gets to see this kind
of stuff other than you guys look what
Ali to say look at Ali I was stuck with
a golf cart ermahgerd golf cart
it just looks so much fun
but
great invention let's go to wheelchair
it's like you're right this is the best
part of the day very good I'm in my cave
I've done my dungeon cake hey guys click
right here and check out me being a
complete uber nerd talking about the new
MacBook Pro right now so you guys asked
me to do it and I gave you my little
reviews and showcases some slick
benchmarks and all that stuff and you
know you should watch it be a nerd with
me too because it makes me feel good cuz
I like talking about nerdy stuff and
it's how I convince Ally to get new
gadgets Shh oh crap I forgot she's
editing this hi honey
anyway good career guys check it out
hope you enjoy it and I'll see you
tomorrow
wait
yes
with y'all trippin
to be an ally
