the following video has been requested
by you the internet viewers to showcase
Charles being a complete nutter nerd
talking about computers enjoy oh that's
me I'm just talking the third person
guys hey guys welcome to another version
call this like nerdcast so I'm gonna
divert it in here I got the new macbook
pro retina let's see if we can turn this
on right here and okay comfortable in my
in the shot let me try this this version
is the 2.6 model it's kind of like the
higher end I put 16 gigabytes of RAM in
there so I can run all my final cut and
AH you know like Photoshop and all those
things at the same time it's got the 512
SSD and now okay for all you nerds out
there SSD is basically solid-state drive
it's kind of a flash drive I guess it
actually is a flash drive it's the same
things are like iPods and iPhones you
know like there's no spinning drives
anymore like I mean if you remember the
old ipod so how they said that spinning
drive and they put up and then you can
feel them like clicking when they got
bad there's no spinning drive so they
just kind of are always on so it's
incredibly fast I just want to show you
how to kind of a couple things first off
here I'll go get the box i'm still
unprepared this is the box that comes in
it's a very standard apple product box
I'm it's a little thinner actually than
the other macbook pro boxes I have this
like really weird obsession with opening
so does Ali opening new back products
I've already opened this I couldn't I
couldn't resist basically the charger
would go right here normally this would
be connected to it then you would have
what he'll goes there I'll see this is
why you
this first what goes there maybe the
cords they may be was the anyone help me
with what went that anyways something
went here that was probably pretty cool
and then you got your you know your
stickers and your instructions is up and
then pretty much all this is just kind
of waste of space kind of thing just to
make it look elegant i'm going to show
you guys on the new chargers is the new
pin this is what the new charger looks
like it's a little bit longer skinnier
it's kind of like closer to the first
generation you know it was the white one
wears i can maybe half the size then
they switch to the vertical one and now
it's this one goes to the side like
normal well continuing this nerd fest
let's take a look i wish i had my other
macbook pro but Ali actually just flew
from the we're at warp tour right now as
you can tell I'm doing this on a tour
bus and Ally flew home with my other
computer so I couldn't do a real
comparing address unless I can find
somebody else's okay well hold on Coley
actually let me borrow his computer he
has a 13-inch last generation one and I
can show you guys kind of some
comparison mine's the 15 but don't get
the general idea first thing you're
gonna notice about the new Retina is
look how much thinner it is you see this
and we get this orange thing out here
I'm just all sorts of unprepared that's
why I like these this is the old macbook
pro rate is the 13 but that's the same
like thickness and this is what the new
one looks like it's almost about half
the Sutta thickness it's insane how they
were able to basically what they do was
this is the old one so you could remove
the hard drive and basically the battery
really really easily on the new ones you
can't at all it's completely like locked
in there so that's one of the main
downsides of the new ones is that you
know if you want to replace the battery
and stuff it's going to cost like thing
would be two hundred dollars and you
have to send it to apple or take it to
an apple you know repair Apple repairman
there are also some other changes on how
they were able to make this like so thin
the first thing if you look on the sides
right here and right here you're gonna
notice there's no see
drive is that this is it aside for the
city to the bestest I rhythms so you got
your standard USB I think it's USB 3.0
at your SD card reader and on the other
side you have your input for your
headphones another USB to Thunderbolt
and then your plug pretty standard stuff
goes just get into the nerdfest part
this is the part where I think all you
guys are concerned about is the
difference between the screens and how
fast is so what I'm going to do is I'm
going to turn this one off let's shut
this one off first shut it down shut
okay it's shutting down just kind of
realize you think I'm the only guy on
this entire tour right now that's
geeking out a lot of computer 12
see how long it takes to boot up
ok still booting
14 7 14 seconds you don't believe outer
I'll do it again and sleep sleep sleep
sleep all right take two up well take
2.5 12
up get a tweet yeah we're over the 14.6
yeah pretty consistent 14.3 14 seconds
to boot up your computer is pretty
impressive I know a lot of good hmm well
you need to boot up so fast well if
you're impatient like me you need to
boot it up fast here's another fun trick
let's see here we're going to open up
all the applications at the same time
okay we're just going to go in
applications we're gonna select all and
we're just gonna do it all at once ready
still going
is that pretty impressive open up movies
and everything Final Cut Pro I movie
it's done right just to show you what
kind of stuff it open you know like you
know the big ones like Final Cut you
know photoshop itunes this garage band
for iphoto all that stuff no what no I
don't want close them all at one force
quit select all force quit and that's it
that was like less than 10 seconds that
is a huge thing the big the biggest
thing for me and probably a lot of you
guys are now you know YouTube is the
importance of Final Cut Pro how it runs
and how fast it is I'll just open up
Final Cut Pro really quick one two three
four five five seconds you got a 12 and
half minute video just waiting for you
that was the last video I did that was
actually yesterday's video and I think
when I actually exported 12 and a half
at 1080p took around maybe an hour
that's a processing this is the quad
core by the way so is that so that's
actually the processing power which is
insane mmm boom now as far as all you
YouTube nerds are concerned with like
exporting and compression and converting
and all that stuff for your videos picks
up let's just take a random file from
earlier in this review like vlog
exception okay right i use a thing
called MPEG streamclip it's free and it
lets you convert things see her to a
standard export to quicktime do h.264
bar kids 1080 will keep the audio the
same this is about 137 megabytes just
watch how this compresses right now
ready do these quad cores go to work
right there little fast that's going
normally this would probably take
anywhere from four minutes five minutes
on the old ones all you video editing
nerds it's quite notice and one of the
biggest things obviously on the new
macbook pros is the retina the retina
display I don't really have I guess
anything I music always hold scratch
that I don't know Coley's password so i
can but just trust me there's there's a
big difference so if you go into
displays you're going to see something a
little bit different now it's gonna be
like this we can have the best for the
retina display and they'll change it
then there's a larger text we're just
gets you know obviously bigger and
bigger but i don't know if you guys can
tell this is actually a computer screen
right now see how clear everything is
more pixels and your i can actually see
it's kind of funny Apple they claim that
there's more pixels than you know the
actual I can actually pick up so really
you have no way to know if it's actually
better because you're I can't tell the
difference sneaky actually here we got
Coley's up and I'm gonna show you the
difference alright so this is the old
macbook pros and you guys see the
difference graininess a little bit the
screen difference and this is the new
one can you tell the difference just in
the color hey don't get hey Yoshi see
the tricky thing about the retina
displays it's kind of hard to see
through a computer because you could be
watching it on something it's not render
display so I just recommend going to the
apple store or whatever the best buy or
anything like that don't have them and
just comparing yourself and that's the
only way to truly see the difference but
the the best way to explain it would be
the difference between the iphone 3g and
then the iphone 4 and the 4s you know
like it's like night and day so that's
pretty much it um it's an incredible
machine i am really really happy with it
it's so light super small the processing
power made oh oh oh
Oh like Santa Claus and Tim Allen that's
it for my nerd fest right there I hope
you guys enjoyed it and if you guys like
these little technological they're not
really reviews it's just an excuse for
me to talk about computers and not get
made fun of so if you like it definitely
let me know in the comments and I'll
keep doing more otherwise go check out
the vlog which is down there and yeah
I'll see you guys later but I gotta go
we are actually on tour right now if you
didn't know and I have to play in an
hour I have to get going i'm glad i got
the top computers before though hope you
enjoyed that nerd fest click here check
out today's vlog and i'll see you
tomorrow but my movie phone voice is
pretty good right yeah good
