morning I think we need to choke you so
whether just one its Ali's first morning
on my floor of us how do you feel honey
you hide in her vine California another
day holy crap you gotta see this line
this line for joy can you see it can you
see it
there's alley
weh-weh one's bigger than the other
I want to film the bug having said No
talking today today
hi today here we go I've recruited two
more I got a late hit Danny wake up so
we're trying to place the water again
this time - there's three people trying
to do that oh boy
you get the record down what was that
like two hours we've been here thought
of freaky dude it took me all day
now he's gonna know what's good yeah
that's good that's going on our body
getting everybody there outside right
murdered people to get this we cut the
line off why they cut the line up what a
li Ali threw some bows the walk to main
stage is a long in treacherous path
through the desert terrain stop it
you're such an ass anyway so they're
going on now and Shane is supposed to
meet us but I do not see him I hope he
makes it on time ready babe
stop it
they're just strip onstage you know I
don't know that might do well for the
show who knows okay you never can almost
expect what do you say it's been 10
years how long I'll give a verbal or
never and they have never been to war
before the top hunters they're prepared
get your beer in your pocket
it's the precious precious I don't like
I got did I get to see two of my best
friends he also brought me
Oh yummy I'm Charles dripping up Brenda
Mike the drones we're had another supply
ever busted radio that's gnarly sunburn
haha I got it I got it it's my credit
walking with precious cargo through a
giant festival a punk rock festival
hi I am pretty much freaking out right I
think it's like look around like this is
like the pressure cut up I'm traveling
with the Mona Lisa right now Internet
avert your eyes oh boy it's a shining
moment on the bus everybody's very
excited
what is it no problem opening thing it's
dinner than yours
dropping it can't touch it okay don't
touch it don't get your damn I phoned
time at you little hipster what is nerd
tests I'm gonna I'll do a fall like dirt
whoa you say nerd test I'll do a full
name again Oh where's the power pack
where's the power button drive
I gotta hold it down baby
so just shave off four seconds of
whatever gave up four seconds of 4.1
seconds this is the initial boot though
my parents say forever so good having
you on the bus make sure the bus is
super clean you guys know how messy the
bus gets like for example she hasn't
even tackled this section of the bus
she's only checked she's only got in
this section look look how clean it is
punters daughter Jodie Foster Jodie
Foster
that was from Halloween right do you
know you want to take a shower
smorgasbord smartest bar as Kohli just
pointed out
stroke very romantic are you romanticize
Brian a you romanticize I used to do
this as a kid all the time try to see
how many peas I can sack up my fork and
just do this forever is this considered
playing with your food
to be honest tell me in the comments
did you order food I know her back this
one does
I need that food it falls off so Ali has
to leave today so I'm trying to sabotage
everything possible to keep her staying
longer I've got to call every cab every
cab company and just say when she calls
that oh yeah we can't do it but
hopefully I can keep sabotaging her no
we're all sold out ma'am we're all sold
out you have to say on a total side note
every time the shades are drawn on a
tour bus like this I always think
they're sleeping that weird
mirtha so Ali's heading home to hang out
with Zoey Marley I take care of some
things at the house and it's a sad day
you got her a ride though cuz apparently
there's like no cabs anywhere so make
sure to say thank you to Duncan so Ali
can go take care of at the cool sunset
you can pop in the show I really should
start showering in the daytime so I only
just left and I'm um but today will take
care of the dogs and all that fun stuff
make sure Zoey Marley I'm missing us so
much
there's no one in this Airport right now
totally sucks guys I didn't want to
leave but right now I don't know what to
do because the flight is so booked I'm
not gonna get on Duncan had a friend of
his mom's drive me to the airport she
was so sweet nice this woman ever she
drove me all the way from walked her to
the airport this is a favor to him and
to me and it was just the nicest thing
anybody could have ever done so she's
awesome but hopefully I'll be flying
home in the next couple days so that's
to be good I think 200 days we have like
three days off so I'm looking part of
that I just got a phone call Ali may or
may not miss her flight kind of I want
her to go home see the dogs but at the
same time I'm kind of
room for her to miss the flame and I'm
also installing all my awesome stuff on
my new computer and it's on basically
having a nerdgasm a big nerd chasm what
I'll do tomorrow if you guys want let me
know in the comments is I'll do kind of
like a open box stuff I'll I'll pretend
like I didn't open it and just show you
guys some like nerd tests like
benchmarks now fast
this thing is super fast and I'll show
it to you guys so if you want to see
that I'll maybe do that tomorrow if you
want to it's up to you maybe I want and
I really want to that was good
okay drama at the airport completely
missed the flight no chance not once and
I got on they immediately shut the door
they didn't even tell stand by they were
just like alright bye guys doors closing
that means I get to spend one more night
with Charles I'm gonna go back to the to
the tiny cave that is his bust bunk
we're doing SOS literally doing SOS
right now well run bug just go that way
there's lots of big bugs there's a
turtle hole hi alright guys time to go
to bed everyone's falling asleep except
this guy and I go to bed
yes
without trippin
to be an ally don't forget
