desert Hills Have Eyes I think I see him
right there I can never find them so I
think we're still about two hours out
it looks like Ally already landed in
Vegas so I think we're about two hours
like I was saying it's impossible like
seriously I deserve like an achievement
point for like not making it on in the
toilet on the toilet paper like but
actually getting in there
ally give me an inch even point yeah
these are these are great rock formation
guys and you guys are just totally
missing it right now oh now you wanna
you want to stop playing video games huh
that's right guys these are amazing
and there goes cell signal and bears
sense of balance
he's like a hundred degrees that is
really cool though hey what kind of poop
is this
it must be coyote poop all this dead and
dry stuff yet there's able to have some
flowers it's something like that it's
kind of crazy old still flower both
which one are you there we go which is
14 it's our new tradition to watch on
tour oh oh my goodness guys that was a
long day of travel I just got so lucky
there was a couple that didn't want to
split up on standby so I got on the
flight to Vegas and I'm here I actually
beat Charles to Vegas which is crazy cuz
I thought for sure I was gonna be here
late oh hello Las Vegas how are you
doing today
scorching I know hello mister car wash
guy I wish I had one of those uh you
know like the other car washes we're
just really and we're clean I can't
believe I look this is actually a J
Simpsons Bronco are you kidding Wow you
know what I really want to do a bad test
right now but instead I think I'm gonna
wait for Charles to get here so I am
finishing I just was trying to export
the vlog on the plane and the computer
died I fell asleep and it died in the
middle of the export hopefully Charles
will be here soon what do you guys think
that's kind of messed up right
that's kind of a mess-up thought to have
it's not like you know like a movie said
or movie properties it was like I don't
know this is like an accessory to murder
oh that's weird eyebrow front prefer
front you guys remember that two years
ago three years ago when we went to what
was the CES and then the adult the adult
Expo remember the atopic spell how it's
blurring I had to do walk the whole way
like this no spills witness so Ally beat
us to the hotel yeah but you already
fell asleep in the bed so it's kind of
count okay okay that one ready go for it
oh wait try to hold this out so you look
like a funny girl you have two about to
hit the casino and Danny's ready he's
gonna make it rain everyone just keep an
eye on where this money goes how awesome
do you see the wrappers hurry up hurry
up hurry up hurry up
and there's look at all these people all
these people out there having fun what I
don't mean to alarm you but there's a
giant dude with a weird mustache
I mean goatee right behind you
he's really really big honey it's two of
them least they have their nose though
here's my favorite part of Vegas oh look
at that beautiful grass look at how
beautiful it is oh wait that's astroturf
they have fake grass everywhere it's a
hundred seven degrees right now eyes oh
she's laughing
I love Vegas
I want a car it'd be so funny if I put
like a quarter one of those machines
just one quarter and it became like
jackpot
and I filmed it live that was so weird
do you have any idea what any of those
numbers mean I don't know what any of
that means
all right so Danny you lost 200 and they
got me back 25 so we're plus one plus 25
for those keeping track at home and now
it's a li sir
Ali how much you down $30 that's it you
saw me down he got a lot I guess how
much I'm down I had a lot of fun wait do
you remember that was the table where
that dude like made you sit as a good
luck charm we got like $300 oh hey guys
how's it going
Munna tuna what is that is that fried
peanut butter jelly sandwich
whoa whoa whoa whoa Trevor whoa I just
hide in the bathroom and wash my hands
before
damn pick a day
she even had the furtive first down
now time to wander the easiest way in
Vegas is pretty much fighting your way
into a casino the hardest is get out of
the casino cuz they have no exercise so
you just pretty much have to go right
here and distract it there we go this is
the one I wanted to show you guys up
we're Paris thumbs thumbs Oh
Elias
Zach Galifianakis just walking around
that's the best one I've ever seen that
is so good
every time I'm here I always wanna watch
Ocean's eleven I think I say that every
single time too
with trippy
with Gianelli don't forget
