good hello everyone and Happy Father's
Day even though it was yesterday happy
Father's Day again you know how I'm
gonna celebrate Father's Day take my mom
shopping seems like there's something a
little bit wrong with that doesn't there
oh man okay it's happening I just really
got a super super hankering for a
chick-fil-a milkshake did you just say
yeah we born in Georgia
maybe I just I don't know I all of a
sudden was dying for a chick-fil-a
milkshake and my mom kindly reminded me
that it is stinking Sunday which means
that the out girl good morning guys I
have to make the same mistake twice
that's which I got the grounds we're in
Denver Colorado right now there's the
adult daycare and these are what
affectionately are called the wolf
tourists on us because it's like 95 97
degrees and to be stuck in one of those
would be miserable there we go
everyone's setting up its code it's
really crazy how this moves like city
the city and like literally a better
than ours
and is set up ready to go within a
matter of hours like all these stages of
equipment all the bands it's really
really impressive
like there's festivals that you know
they prepare like Lollapalooza for like
weeks and then there's like festivals
like Warped Tour where it's like they
have to they have to do it on the fly
it's really crazy to see so day two of
turning into Arnold Schwarzenegger
it's a lot of waiting around so why not
peanut bro
the extranet bird at all
okay all right there oh my god it's so
red I know how about you what we're just
a guest were you maybe wearing a tank
top yesterday food warning
what
let him go he's a machine
yeah yeah dougie yes I'm gonna take it
this for granted right now but we have
our own private overpass right now so we
don't have to be in the key I feel like
all the bands they got here super early
just the battle I feel like you just
kind of like fought somebody along with
these couple guys I think mayonnaise
over there but uh it's like the best
best spot in the line this is literally
the best spot in the line ok good naked
where would no girls no no no but you
can't do what is like an eye thing you
can't go like are looking for some cool
stuff for her to write a good con
because uh I don't think my mom's
updater to close it in a while so we're
gonna do that I don't imagine this
working out for me
look what we found
hi hi hi all right look at this nice
little poster I wanted to show hi this
poster with all the mustaches you know
it's really I still don't know why we're
associated with mustaches I never
understood that this is Leah okay okay
this is for Zoey right here Marley or
Marley but listen I put it right next to
it all right listen
it's an alligator that barks it's
awesome it's my favorite there's got to
be a water in there it should be 24
beers come on
to this day when I was little I think I
think with elementary school they teach
you to like ruin these basically they
cut them and so ducks and birds so to
this day I still always do this and try
to saving a buck a duck saving a buck
soon a duck here's the dumb state laws
for today
keep it up
we are
that is pretty cool I gotta show you
guys the the use cabinets look at those
base caps those are some sick base
gathering there actually I've always
wondered this with game genie was was
the codes already built in the games
himself I know all diesel built in the
games himself or the game genie unlocked
like certain things I've never
understood that this is what it'd be
like in the wild just for water for
basic baby it's like a line
line
another adventure that you guys are
gonna see
what I like about this thing
backstage at work for dirty tore dirty
look fun
there's no sanas again now I think that
just said I have beautiful balls calm
that is that really just someone go
there and tell me what it is because
that is
that's hilarious and I want to know what
that is but if it's a porn site don't
tell your mom I sent you there like
accidentally or whatever well you guys
it was a very successful day we got some
really really cute tops from my Madre
she's gonna be so pretty a VidCon and
also I'm super prepared for the Warped
Tour now because I bought a pair of neon
pink vans holy cow so excited about them
now I never get lost in the crowd you
guys will be able to find me anywhere
again really
look at him you don't know how beautiful
my mom is now singing to people in other
cars
you having fun over there oh I feel like
a real football player now alright so
what do we got a menu for today that
looks delicious cucumber water what's
really cool is like a lot of people are
warped already they're vegan or
vegetarian or just you know eat really
healthy so there's always really unique
stuff that you can drive Wow
oh gee that has cute of your head
I completely forgot to introduce you
guys this is our new guitar Texas Josh a
new guitar tech what do you have in
there we were just talking about how
prepared like literally you can say
anything and he's prepared for it right
now and the aftermath kind of the best
oh and here's the other group ever to
scold me right here what's up guys we
have to show you guys lots the second
day of tour and I forgot to do this and
now we have to pack everything up and
move for poop go to Vegas like I said in
Ali's coming I should fly in around
10:00 or 11:00 I think some time I left
Obama and she's there for three days so
excited
I wish Zoey Marley can come but
eventually eventually they'll go on tour
I just took a shower where John Elway
took a shower it's pretty cool
weird how I keep my mom yes yes maybe
you know what I'm just gonna kion a
music man I'm just gonna feel it cool
story bro babes
I hope you guys just went into my mom's
home on my ass cool story bro all right
you guys this is a revelation in cat
world check this out I know it's really
dark but that's kitchen that's Coco and
that's Justin screaming in the
background but this is great this is a
breakthrough they're sitting next to
each other
I feel like Coco jumped up there in
kitchen was like yeah then this is my
jam this is a cool spot at the nice
little ass to show barbecue going
can't really see it but that's how big
the stage gets folds up and do a little
semi got a good magic card I don't know
all I know is like when I was younger
somehow I could stumbled upon something
called a pearl dragon and then everyone
wanted it I never played magic but they
said it was a really good one oh look at
that that's such a song look at this
there we go so yes your job if you
choose to accept it is to tell us some
fun things we should do while in Vegas
again because so it's a party it's the
complete opposite with us because what
happens in Vegas goes on YouTube doesn't
really necessarily stay in Vegas alright
guys I'm getting packed and ready for
work tour tomorrow it's so exciting I
can't even believe I'm just like
spur-of-the-moment going to Vegas so I
hope to see some of you guys there and
if you do see us please please do come
say hi we would love to meet you guys
and if you're in the Vegas area go check
out Warped Tour and so you'll be the
kings there all right guys can I love
you and the elusive colleague wanders
off
to the night the serenade all the trash
and Hill folks
good nuts
yes
without trippin
with Gianelli don't forget tomorrow
