what's going on Zoey why I already ate
all her food and so he doesn't feel well
this morning that was your stomach my
goodness
you okay I put one kernel of food she'll
eat it
she just sitting there Zoey honey what's
the matter
good morning oh my god it's bright it's
bright since we don't have a shower on
the bus this time around
Danny's walking around with our portable
shower see here now the Sun heats up
this black black material and the water
inside gets real hot Sun Goes Down it's
not so hot this stays hot hot shower
belt wants to take a waterbed and shower
bag number two so it's around nine
o'clock in the morning right now and
this is the best part about walk toward
I remember it was that a totally throws
a stereotype that crew like rock crew
like people who play in rock bands are
completely lazy because they're up by 8
a.m. doing all this every single day for
60 days and I just loved it the
stereotype enormous is thrown out the
door all right so I'm outside helping my
dad cut down the plantain trees
there we go yeah you know I never
realized it using a machete would be so
much fun
cutting stuff cut it all right probably
can't even hear me this would be so much
time to kill here I walked for we're all
deciding to just try to get just ripped
is The Misfits basically
baby
one-and two-and Sokoli Danny and I are
gonna be the ones we're gonna look like
the misfits by the end of this seriously
we're gonna all walk like that just like
so swollen
just like what's up guys morning the oh
Sh one there's the schedule my internet
my name is Cheyenne I'm a warp tour
my name is Rena and I'm my name is
Charles and werewolf all right that's a
squirrel Oh rat Marley you gotta hand it
to Danny you got some free pairs of
shoes and some basketball jerseys over
there I call he's holding so we won't
stink so bad when we meet you but but it
has electrolytes internet killed
television what the hell are you doing
but an but and the a like you just don't
care whoa
that was crazy no golf has the same
effect on Coco as it does on me it
induces sleep to doing Coco okay so we
found out today Coco is officially a
girl right officially girl and official
air well approximately ten weeks hey
sweet shirt my granddaughter just
walking around
go for the other
that was a pretty good one and that's
call I'll call may be sold may not be
sold I'll call first day of warmth or
still be interesting super hot
look at how hot is they right now it is
nine it's like I just solving a like
immediately making them take it off
Hulk smash Lillian it's working out
already
although working out today smash them
are you choking on your bad taste and
dance moves
my mom is listening to Missy Elliott
turn the camera why she's busy she
starts doing her little death and I'm
trying I keep trying to catch me but
she's stopping every time show me your
dance show me one time show me you now
yeah okay well then you're gonna have to
bigger it I got got the tail ended up in
time what is it what is that what do you
yeah good lord she apparently really
likes pistachios she doesn't eat them
she just plays with it where is it did
you lose it did you lose that that's my
camera string
you can't have that get it crazy hell
are you doing that oh my god you psycho
you're a saint go get the pistachio get
the pistachio get the pistachio oh my
god I don't know kind of obsessed with
the kitchen are you doing some exercise
yes I think my computer is now I think
it's done for guys I think it's just
like eight days before the new one comes
and I think it's gone check out today's
catering it's basically a giant picnic
that looks effing delicious scuse me sir
how are you liking Warped Tour
great
excuse me how are you enjoying walk door
so I have sorely underestimated the
power of the Sun as you can see I'm a
little bit pink all over the place I
don't get mad at me I had the sunscreen
in my bag
I just forgot it Danny had a nice giant
hat so he was protected I'm actually
pretty impressed with this I actually
feel pretty rejuvenated right now and
day one washed away
it's kind of like South America gonna
end the night every single day was taken
back Sunday I don't care
never gets old drivers just Matt Beth
Matthew Lord he directed a movie and
he's like hanging around so he's
supposed to come on the bus and we're
trying to pause so now we're down to our
ritual of hitting up the local grocery
and stocking up the bus
the funny thing to do is go shopping
when you're extremely hungry I feel like
I could just like that looks so
comfortable I could lay on all that
bread there I'm trying to eat somewhat
healthy now we're heading over to Denver
and I believe tomorrow and yeah that's
it's pretty cool like I was saying the
other video I don't wanna keep saying it
over and over again but it is kind of
surreal and I'm really excited actually
good news Allie he's going to be coming
out in two or three days we have to do
with three days off in Vegas remember
the Vegas show and Ali's coming out to
hang out so obviously I'm really excited
that she'll be coming out I feel bad
though I don't know how they filmed it
but Zoe's kind of going through very
little though you know every time I
leave she gets like really grumpy and
she's being grumpy right now she's being
difficult not eating so I always feel
bad telling my little hole
good night guys hey guys in case you
missed it here is a short video of
Charles vlogging while he was on Warped
Tour about ten years ago and he's 17 and
it's pretty much hysterical so go check
it out if you missed it yesterday and
thanks for watching
wait
yes
with child tripping
with trippy
