Oh effing way is back okay it's really
spotted him nope I could deal that
keeping an eye on it double whammy for
the last morning okay so the good
assessment right now taking the rental
car back and then we're heading over to
Zion National Forest I believe it is
even though we're not running out of
time we saw it like two weeks of this
road trip I don't think we yeah think
about two weeks left of this road trip
something along those lines
give her this stupid car and then had
all the road please not that long
I got used to that having to go anywhere
he actually made it to route 66 but
here's the thing we did by accident boo
that's just a cow eyes they're just a
cow chillin on the side of the road like
that that is cow pasture full of flowers
the original plan this morning was to go
to Zion but we looked at the map in our
schedule our calendar and we're
realizing that we're kind of running out
of time so we're going to go to Joshua
Tree for the night and then we're going
to start making our way to the redwoods
because we're trying to like find things
that we really really really want to do
Diane would you sign and Bryce Canyon
would be amazing to do but if we were to
pick and choose certain things we would
have to say yeah Joshua trees can I have
a problem - I think - so I don't know
but it would have been like we had gone
up by five or six seven hours and we
have to drive back so yeah we wanting to
be able to say that
a few more things that we really want to
do before we run out of time so we're
just kind of picking and choosing right
now yeah we can do that bird leave
Edie's probably loved these videos is up
sure you guys are sure on love and
hopefully we do this again but at the
same time it's very hard to get we had a
long list so we thought we could do it
we were very ambitious we didn't realize
how far apart everything was but just
put a little pin on this and just come
back next time but we're heading to
Joshua Tree right now which is going to
be kind of cool because I've never been
there so we are currently in the middle
of the Mojave Desert have a quarter tank
gap and there's point one gas station up
here
in a church $5 per gallon with smart
boom of their work never
I don't like it's uncommon
that son of a double whammy for me and
pops and 101 degrees right now to get
105 sexy power
that roars are their babies boy those
are the motels this out I got to show
you this I don't know how to pay there's
one credit card machine I just realized
that how do I do this
the price is weird isn't it want to go
investigate really quick yes apparently
this guy I was named he's the mayor of
Amboy owns this place
owns the post office post office owns
one of the first McDonald's as well as
another chicken spot now he has this
which controls 1/8 and a gallon I think
we paid 19 kidding a hundred and seventy
one hundred eighty six dollars for 30
gallons of 30 gallons of gas put it we
had to do it
you
I have a survival question for you guys
okay Rebecca suggests it is Alison
driving the desert way too long
but if you were stuck in the desert how
would you personally survive like how
would you survive like it's 110 degrees
in the desert obviously you've been
looking for the time-lapse there's
nothing around here at all these shrubs
sorry the cactus we can use some stock
be sharing water or anything like that
what would you do here drop in desert
what's your plan you say see the hole
that I would be the hole I have American
we have no children my company
I'll keep a body Express
oh look at that their shelter have you
generated that bar what dog what
beautiful little house shown in the
middle of the desert
of that out but how can you command
disgusting I wanna know I think three
days without water
I don't know there's another question I
should have to get I really want to know
what your tactic would be surviving
identity I probably would get a bunch of
rocks and make a little shelter and dig
a hole boyfriend night and then try to
spend off all the coyote
I know this is just a different style
living but I don't think I can handle
this there's no grass this is all dirt
grass all football field it's surrounded
by dirt I actually have curious and
could you guys who are watching these
videos live in a desert or something
like this let me know how you do it take
a left at 29 before we might do
instructor tonight I will never complain
soft voice ever again so I probably got
water
so we finally made it that was the step
care from step we're going to go walk
her around a little bit the dog is way
too hot for them to walk around so
they're into a thief or a little bit
we're not gonna probably stay here
tonight we were thinking about it
Plus too hot but we did want to walk
around you know these rocks are driving
me off like you know when you're making
a sandcastle and you take like sand in
your hand you slowly drip it down to
make like designs and sandcastles that's
exactly what that looks like the way how
lot to go by and go check that out so
that right there is this video I think
school rock we're gonna go check it out
easy turbine their answer C and he's
terrifying ants I'm an idiot wearing
football it's creepy it looks like a
skull the show we did see the only thing
as you can see the eyes right now that
guys can see the rest of it so it's like
the red like his right hand is covering
like this never mind man oh and does
that show my age no totally what the dry
he's a freak
yeah
ah
I have conquered small rock go rock and
you know it's funny is here to crowd
captain he doesn't do it like a flamingo
he puts it up yeah but I think it's the
other way okay flips river that's
awkward captain but that works sometimes
gained on I don't ever recommend doing
sandals in the idiot that was probably
the coolest thing I know we just drove
like crazy people like four or five
hours to see a bunch of trees and rocks
but I am so happy we did is that--do
here one thing Island I keep talking
about it okay yeah
the rocks are cool they're really
beautiful but how do they
how do the gears because those a
mountain where mountains we home stall
it you know I mean like it's all ground
and solid like this
we're comparing the Senate like this
looks like just boulders were just piled
onto everything like we're that it just
drops drops drops like a valley where is
it going our containment structure of
the rock to like if you go to see and
you go
banning you buddy yeah I think like that
are the other upgrade just be like exact
that just looks like it's stacked on
their California don't have
tell NDF dog and topped him right
I don't spare parts of all for
California
we are finally out of the desert and Ali
and I are so happy to speed interstate
live looking I'm so happy the people of
mission think we all highway I just
thank you Wi-Fi cell reception all that
stuff
I'm so excited bike people blue signs
they're inside of the Roses day lodging
food gas my title dot so I find comfort
at the interstate
yeah that's very true we've literally
driven through every type of terrain so
far in this trip which I should paint
alley instrument derivative terrain
things she's been killing it every time
my drivers because I usually am editing
so that way and I've gone without smile
and we still got to go home
well that was a nice little cluster F we
went to the pilot and it's like the only
one that I think we've ever experienced
where you can't like overnight park or
just park for your arse we went to a
couple of Walmart's which is usually
super friendly to just going in the far
far back of the parking lot and just
falling asleep just for a couple hours
but apparently that's not allowed in
California so what we were doing we're
going to another one
Walmart to be silent I called multiple
RV parks and things so we were driving
to another Walmart to where we kind of
convinced another person or the manager
and as we're driving we're driving on
this like dark road we see this RV
that's parked on the side of the road so
we just do that with u-turn and we're
just parked around randomly on some road
so I don't know what might happen right
now I think there's a weigh station
right there on the interstate so fingers
crossed we don't get a ticket or toes I
will see us tomorrow Zoe I hope you
enjoyed today's video
it was beautiful everything we did a
slide from the long drive was beautiful
alleys there is not that perfect
indication so subscribe and like the
video and we will see you guys tomorrow
ways for our trip to the redwood
it'll be worth once we get there though
all right good night guys
