I think
we're back in the doctor right now
getting my monthly MRI every three
months or every three than six to nine
and twelve months I have to get an MRI
basically to make sure everything's
staying awesome with my head
we're here before going to warp tour
clearly for warp tour I think tomorrow
the next day they just want to make sure
everything's good so fingers crossed
everything is cutting at Lee's doing the
robot oh and this is the new camera does
it look good does it sound good you guys
like this this is the Canon 110 HS we're
trying it out to see if it's at a
comparable to our discontinued brethren
who hate hospitals
look at this history of x-rays that's
what you see is that crazy oh here we go
again oh by the way guys but did you
sleep in my face
it always weirds Ali that was the one in
Idaho where I was like I was Travis and
Danny and they were singing all the
songs and I almost thought the camera
would see Charles I don't think you can
do this all pregnant we're gonna do it
like five weeks out
I wanted the wait guys but yeah look the
nice gentleman brought me a warm blanket
is that the MRI
birds chirping over a Skrillex song it
sounds like planet Earth it was like
overlaid
I think it's like 40 seconds to see loud
noise in the table shaking it gets you
in your nice little luxurious suite I'm
all bandaged up time to go
so MRI is done now we just wait 24 48
InnoCentive I was talking about it
sounds like you could hear his phone on
vibrate yeah I multiply that by like 50
where it's just like it really can be
grown like this speaking of those plugs
so here's a fun little story I got these
originally and worked over 2002 the
first worked or I did and then I lost
one of them and then Ally got me another
one or a replacement but just I was
holding in my hands like oh that is so
crazy
looking circle of life or round robin or
just a coincidence I guess random little
story about my head so every time you
see those things maybe she couldn't do
one for this year marked the 10-year
anniversary so the MRI dude said it's
gonna take 24 to 48 hours so they send
that to the doctor I feel like
everything's so cool and that we just
would have to wait the waiting game
again oh I forgot to tell you guys
there's a new option instead of getting
like saline and contrast and stuff you
can get actually coffee so I had an idea
of coffee so you know it's just a new
technology they were able to do
implement for certain people who asked
so next thing we have the doctor they're
doing an IV just say can I have an IV of
coffee and they'll help you out I was
just reading all you guys that replies
on my Twitter and I just have to say you
guys are the sweetest people in the
world oh hey buddy hi Toby look at this
look how skinny he is now yeah nuts
want you to see my mom and this dude in
this dude do you guys remember this
Kitty the one that had all the kittens
two years ago and my mom saved look who
it is it's cheese you guys remember this
is the gap we were gonna adopt when he
was a little tiny kitty cat hi
well I remember you hey do you remember
the Internet maybe I should take this on
the tour bus you think it'll work
no it would like literally hit the first
bump but it would just like plop open
look at this this is my old school video
game it was pong
that's Sega you guys remember starting
lineups I have all these these are boxes
of starting lineups down there starting
lineups and then the freeze-frame Alex
Rodriguez my mom's going through it
she's like I think I found Babe Ruth and
I'm like really and she goes yeah he's
right here and I'm like I don't think
that's Babe Ruth I think he's up there I
don't know my mom found my old band the
big hurt this was my favorite baseball
player I think was Travon Danny's do and
I actually owned a pair of these shoes
the zebra shoes hey hey get out of his
booty oh okay there we go
I'll see you next time come on you thank
you
all right I have to show you guys this
back in the day I still kind of in but I
was like huge Alex Rodriguez fan when he
was with the Mariners and stuff I saw
his first game or one of his first games
and I thought it was awesome I was like
this guy's would be huge about his
rookie card I bought all his rookie
cards but this one I bought for $0.50
and I just want to show I thought it was
like stolen ten years ago and my mom
just found it so I have literally every
Alex Rodriguez card I think this is one
that's worth the most except maybe the
one that's the die-cut but I am so
pumped I I literally thought this was so
long for ten years you guys ready to go
what look bars in the car not moving oh
well as I said I'm moving
it's becoming our new favorite thing to
do isn't it
bitch this is a golf cart awesome let's
go check out some alligators do not feed
uh-huh
don't see any lamb okay I don't think
anyone ever uses this trail I don't even
know what if it goes that way or this
way
world's worst trail Anthony colicky baby
journal wait oh he's nobody home no
that's really sad so tiny I know he was
so tiny I'm actually really relaxing oh
by the way
what's this I don't think they could put
a computer in a box this small if for
some reason and all the new MacBook Pros
to make more room they got rid of the
Ethernet so I had to buy a Thunderbolt a
Thunderbolt Ethernet no stupid computer
yet oh yeah
one thing I I think I'm gonna start
doing now since we've been traveling so
much is I'm gonna try to like save a
piece of paper currency from all the
countries that I've been to so far these
are all the countries that I've been to
I'm missing some other ones from
different countries I think that'd be
kind of cool and then eventually frame
it'd make a nice little frame of all the
like the bills cuz there's like some
currency by far I have to admit
Australian currency is the coolest
currency I've ever seen I'm starting to
notice every time I start eating
pistachios Marley and Zoey just stare at
me they just like stare at me I think
they think I'm a squirrel or something
squirrel friend oh oh we go
that's kind of my seat thank you this is
gonna be rolled in hay in let's go hey
you have a life jacket on that's not so
bad is it like Australia nope
sit down let me see your face you're
like the only one that went out there
this is Marley Circle no one's allowed
in Marley's circle she apparently moved
circles another one there yeah you're in
a circle somebody sent like a long time
ago like a cookbook for like making like
fresh dog treats so I'm gonna see if I
can try to bake dog treats they're so
good that I would eat them that's the
ultimate goal
they're for the dogs but I want to eat
them too we got whole wheat we got some
cranberries we got some apples we got
some oatmeal we got some peanut butter
he's gonna be having delicious should I
make the peanut butter one first or the
Apple one peanut butter I made a mess
all right eat up all the oatmeal it's
all over the place so we eat it all up
Oh meow jeez I'm starting to forget
these are actually dog cookies she'll
eat this whole Apple already hold on
okay I guess now we just do the cookie
cutter stuff Oh
ready to try them there you go I mean
gentle okay nevermind there you go
he's like I'm gonna go save her this
I'll be back later the moment you make
fresh dog biscuits from scratch for the
dogs and you kind of plate not giving it
to him okay
like penis cookies just finishing up all
the packing right now as I leave
tomorrow but hang it up what you do with
your tongue there huh sticking your
tongue out
I realize it's out
I'll stop Terri's ill Oh before I go to
bed when we're at the beach I took this
photo of Zoe this photo right here
that needs to be one of those like
lolcat meme things with a derp derp or
something like that on there so your
mission if you choose to accept it what
what should we do what kind of law thing
would be good on that that photo right
there tell me in the comments and
hopefully someone L make because I feel
that was just so that was just derpy
very dirty photos oh I see how creative
you guys get see you tomorrow
yes
with y'all trippin
working
would be an ally
