oh my god you guys want well I good
afternoon their internet want to see my
view look at this view check out those
waves
this is what I'm trying to show you last
night so we have a day off here and I
think we were on the Gold Coast I don't
really know what to do here but I
definitely want to go check out this
Beach is raining right now so hopefully
oh stop look at the penis building giant
penis building all right let's go on an
adventure the boys are awesome I don't
know get on up here hi is for an
adventure
alright guys on a mission to find
something cool I'm joking I'm jaywalking
do what ya see the parent it was like
two awesome looking birds here here it's
from you tell
those are way cooler than pigeons
some surfers
they're right they still try it's
Australia the site isn't the size of the
United States kinda looks the same is it
bigger to and fro I think it's bigger
there's got to be bigger like all around
okay so my mom and dad stuck a little
toy in there and Marley has just been
whoa oh and she's on the basket please
on the back get a kitty oh jeez dos
wanting this little cat is so feisty
what are you doing she's like walking
along the edge oh holy found downtown
casual dining with the difference you
are a big dude
so I walked out of the hotel by myself I
was talking you guys try to find
something I walked towards the beach and
then also look to my left that's where I
met up with Travis but all of a sudden
we see Duncan and Yoshi right over there
then I turn around I get some coffee i
turn around and then Danny standing
right there the same place star my
sister the American Embassy to really
raise right hunter and Koehler just
gonna jog by now to one more day one
more day of weird
okole would be proud ah speaking of new
cameras that's what I got to do when I
get home because I lost the charger for
this
what what all right let's go huh this is
what I want to do Surfers Paradise that
really is like those wave that is sane
wow I don't think I've ever seen waves
this big cameras not even doing it
justice this is kind of intense I kind
of want to try it but I know if I do I'm
not I'm not coming back pack if I
drivers we're just about to go on warp
tour and I was thinking you know 10
years ago 10 years ago where Charles was
I was in I was playing advanced suspense
thriller and we actually did warp tour
and we were at a van it was a small tiny
stage and now ten years later we're
gonna be touring main stage we're gonna
be headlining the same tour and I was
literally tracing the past ten years of
my life unlike how opportunities happen
how how I worked to get to where I am
and you know how fortunate I am to be
able to share things with you guys like
this talk to where I got to be able to
do youtube like I just traced that right
now I'm sitting here on the coast of
Surfers Paradise on in Australia and I'm
just looking at these awesome waves I'm
talking to you awesome people and it's
it's
it's awesome to think about those times
I guess what I'm trying to say is like
you know even when you think you know
life sucks and you at the lowest of your
low and you just hate everything
everything just just isn't going right
something usually if you you stay
optimistic and you work hard comes
around that offsets that suckage you
want I mean it brings up opportunities
and then those opportunities bring other
opportunities and then wow that got
really close damn it I was trying to be
serious I don't know guys I just I just
wanted to share that and you know maybe
that was more personal for me just to
look back on these just trait do that do
right now just in your head just trace
the last 10 years of your life and like
how you got to where you are and you
know what opportunities you can make out
of it you only mean no no no no no stop
son of a rush go back to the hotel and
drive my shoes it's blowing my mind now
rabbit feet rabbit feet kitty we need to
come up with a name for you internet
what should we name this little precious
psychotic creature living in my parents
house um okay I vote spaz go do your
Manny Pacquiao practice Kobe Manny
Pacquiao speed bag speed bag mahopac
yell left hook jab jab something is
about to go down between this cat and my
dog she has been after Marley all day
okay it was almost it this is either
gonna happen on the cat's got pass out
so you're being a really good sport
about this
get it sorry oh this house is crazy you
know what I have to try or make all the
other guys try is this is our last day I
got to find some Vegemite downtown and
make everyone try it I honestly can't
remember all I remember is that it
tasted like a disgusting food booger
just like sulfur boogers there we go
there we go now I have my little mobile
office for my ear monitors every time I
go to play a show i can see Zoey Marley
and Ally hmm all right we're gonna go
see Prometheus everyone ready we got
their snacks and what's good let's go
confused
the lights came up and we're all just
staring at you gotta find some veg amat
Vegemite found it my god it's expensive
so every time I kept getting some Tim
Tams I keep meaning to bring him back
for Ali so I decided I'd get at the last
minute and then that way I'm not ruling
it's like that really ruining the
surprise because by the time a lie gets
this footage I'm should be landed if my
calculations are correct if not Ali act
surprised please honey surprise so fresh
squeezed lemonade that what we're doing
a pure sugar syrup all things go to
metro all right you have to take a big
scoop of it thanks Q the barrel is like
peanut butter is it it's like this
apparently you have to eat it like
peanut butter right yeah the big
spoonful of it yeah that does not taste
like strawberry wine that tastes like
soy sauces right it's weird soy smell a
year to date yeah I'm screwing but I
don't get it see okay he humored you
everyone yo she tried Vegemite for you
let me get off boom here you go buddy
look at all try to I need a no knowledge
in this before ad that's fine
nothing your videos give me my Lodge
engine get into big boy oh come on
that's well like good I was terrible who
eats this apparently Doug you like this
 mmm that is the worst day ever huh
you're welcome I feel kind of guilty day
was been trying it and I haven't tried
it actually I Detroit a long time ago
but I honestly can't remember
this is for all your Australians Oh God
ill with Danny wanted me all right now
the treacherous thing of trying to make
everything fit into here long trip home
but it's gonna be a awesome day off
because I get to spend time with my
lovely wife and Zoe Marley little twerps
and the new addition to the family of
the CTFxC kitten do they how do they did
Lorne ask Allah for the name and soon I
will be with my lovely wife and pooches
all right I guess oh and PS Philippines
Malaysia and Australia even freaking
awesome
it's coming on me wait up
where's easy a taxi
he withdraws trippy
we're sweetie
I'd like to see
yes with Dirty Harry don't forget to eat
more
