is the cutest thing ever
what who's jealous what the hell man I
wanna sleep next door look at her face
so precious with your powers combined do
you get your deep way working in there
take the tea out and get your G in there
just put your pinky on top of his middle
finger there you go and then this here
in under my Agra no pop he wants to go
into the liquor store last show that the
the Australia tour actually the entire
tour with simple plan this is it's
coming down to one more show then we
head home for walk tour you know what I
realized I just now realized that the
Simpsons lied to me I think was that was
a bark verse Australia that episode I'm
going to show you guys weren't talking
about for like he goes and toilets flush
the other way really bullshit just a
cluster F of flushing cartoons like me a
mom right now
Simpsons lied to me and I'm just coming
to that conclusion just realize I just
casually walk into a bathroom just
talking to myself with a camera weird on
so many levels
you
it's another beautiful day and I'm going
to hang out with Andrea and Rachel
because it is one of their last days in
Florida they are moving away taco bus
Wow taco bus nice really although I can
get this low as I can go
ah
look guys humming bird this okay we got
this bird and then look it's the verdict
Oh yesterday it's almost identical
alright taking bets do you think this
thing is actually going to spin Oh No
just imagine staring at the end of this
jeez I don't know where we're at but
there's a lot of weaponry yeah I have
not seen one of these in years
Blockbuster Video this is a video rental
place to walk and buy we just had to go
and say I don't remember the last I
remember I was younger now we all do
like Netflix and all that fun stuff
which by the way if you don't have
Netflix we have free trials down there I
like how that just like worked perfectly
I'd swear that was not planned but we do
it flicks that comes with CTFxC all down
there video description you ever find in
your little go cricket yeah all the time
yeah Cheers like it's kind of like you
know hey sleeping now
can you show me your ninja skills with
the cat toy well I see you gotta make
the noises here that this is Yuki's a
cat training session I need you cat okay
get the cat where's the cat are you
under there somewhere I heard you doing
it I don't see you I'm just like if you
were crazy with it I can't do that well
I didn't do any of that crazy thing just
one person go like this and like there's
like just like bouncing thing like oh my
god oh yeah now everything goes like
this
and they like he passes it from like one
hand to the other oh my god hands like
that with a natural like katana oh boy
it's a boost oh oh most applications
just like I'm like I don't think you can
do that with a sword but oh no people do
that's crazy
yeah they you're like it's like what the
handle like they throw it and then they
like catch it on the hand oh my god do
some like crazy thing and if you miss
you lose your hand so don't mess
- you should drop in tart
so you
he's got the better mustache what do you
think guys
I am I thought this is the Friday your
eyes it's not we got to my mustache yeah
my god cool walking so now who's got the
better life I've been uh definitely I'm
sorry good ah ah that thing is last the
entire Australian tour wait did you get
in Australia or Malaysia not got it
someone in your city
he's not gonna last no he's gonna walk
to her okay all right I'm at a challenge
all right for this tour spring uh just a
guess we're doing board shorts and short
it was summer paradise huh and you're
just going in your boxing but it's
summer paradise we're just gonna go hit
the beach balls and go flying this time
we're gonna keep it down though call a
shield yourself
I can't be so what's going on right now
keep it up keep it above plug them up
the way a monster kikuchi now please
you're out kids the mold is very crucial
it's fine
to be honest I'm not really sure what's
going on right now but it's pretty clear
that Zoe is having a spaz attack what is
going on with you guys right now it's
really like midnight and they're having
same time every night you get spaz
attack you sleepy he's a big girl I
can't even believe I'm saying right now
I just watched Never Say Never and
honestly I I can truthfully say that I
already like Justin Bieber um before I
watch the movie but I love him now I
can't believe I'm saying about me
Internet I totally love just me where
he's adorable and super talented I'm
just gonna catch so much flak for this
yes I know some of you guys hate him let
me start on YouTube you gotta respect
that right he made you know an amazing
career amazing life so young on YouTube
doing I mean just doing that supposed to
videos so that's cool I just thought
that was an interesting story
alright guys I'm gonna go to sleep now
if I can ever get baby out of my head
it's trying to organize the fun is the
most organizing you've ever done we do
this all right
one good eye good one three more
spinning off you want to settle
am i on you say what everyone say my mom
nice right
I love you there are your focus
surmising
alright guys we just got here we're at
the Gold Coast is we're gonna have our
day off we have a day off tomorrow and
this place is pretty sick right we're
all really bummed that we can't go home
a day early but Danny just opened the
little sliding glass doors look at this
right that's the ocean I don't know if
you guys can see it oh hey what's up
this is a pretty swanky place right the
guys from simple plan have been
amazingly nice people it's kind of crazy
to think about you know like growing up
listening to these guys for 10 years and
then you know going on tour with them
it's it was kind of like we're all
fangirling a bunch just like what the
Taking Back Sunday we were trying to act
cool but it was really hard not to I
will see you guys tomorrow good night
we're gonna go check the beach out and
yeah bye
see what you did
it's coming over guard me waiter
hey where's ePSXe
get it with y'all trippin
with chakra theory
don't forget so a Marley
