are you getting high on catnip again I
don't know she's stored from the cat
morning guys
I just gonna get some get a little bit
of a workout at the I think this is I
think this might be the gym are you
serious come on come on Jim let me in
your gym Jim's a real asshole ah finally
oh and I just realized after I filmed
that clip that I have some yellow stuff
all over my face still apparently I woke
up and I saw some blood splatters and I
went to rub it and turned yellow so I
have blood stained to my face still
crazy people in the Internet ah hey
looks good boo hey so you know how
Charles had the zombie makeup on well it
was funny because at the end of the
video he said it was a vegetarian zombie
and somebody in the comments said
something really funny and I made a joke
out of it so they get credit for the
joke I can't remember the name of the
person but this is not my joke it was
totally their joke what a vegetarian saw
bees eat grains I check you what okay
maybe a zombie got to her and we didn't
know it's pretty cool
does he know there's no water around him
how do you like your healthy milkshake
oh I feel like we're climbing to a
castle watches just like something
boring up here how you work out before a
show don't film me I'm disgusting punk
rock pigeon right here you got Liberty
spikes and everything this free pain
anarchy on the sidewalk funny I've never
seen that before
check this out it is a lake it is a lake
but you know what
starting to rain ow holy shit oh my god
do guys like my new bangles they're so
fetch
just remember that when they went what
was that Mean Girls when they made up
the word fetch to make it seem like
that's what you say when something's
cool or cute
my lord
do you think do you think he's bored
look at all these CDs so I was just
enjoying my delicious smoothie that uh
and Travis can't cuz he threw his out
and I noticed at the top ever since I
was little I was just talking about
Danny that there's always gonna needs
like coke diet coke
I guess root beer and other but I've
never actually seen them be used you
know what I mean
like they're just like just something
that's there like Braille on it drive-up
atm I should try to do that like every
vlog every single day try to do
something like observe something that I
normally wouldn't do or something I just
accept and try to like bring it out into
the open uh-oh what's the matter ow
watch out lady with a garbage can you
can't get through there
tell me it's not gonna fit from this I
just made old lady noise here and that
was even sitting down not standing out
that's even worse
look at the clouds they look fake
they're like The Simpsons clouds look at
Danny passing sided suicide so basically
you have to go on the right side of this
truck are Nancy
all right yeah as you can see I am
clearly wearing crap just like he's like
Eric Gillespie we got
snowboarding here you go we brought you
a kitty oh there's a pause hey hello
hello precious she loves like her little
it's like a magic show and I'll
presenting beasts so we found my mom
might take her but we just tried to
introduce kitchen no bueno did not go so
well kitchen is not happy that there is
a young sassy cat in this house other
than her
yes she does not sound very happy all
right
like this carpet when I get in my house
no she always used another base right
should have done this Dobby movie here
I think it's from right here to here oh
I think I might give this for Marley oh
my god all right indoor cricket Oh
security hmm hey that's how you play oh
that's how you play cricket okay so are
you guys all right let's give you your
Skrillex day like yesterday can I do
half your hair hold on oh you wanna
you're gonna go for it
okay that was on camera oh she's just
defending yourself I can't carry you
show you sleepy I'm giving the cat the
cat's done your theme song
so we do not make noise give me only
guess what colors playing it's hard
right
nobody's ever ever the from Australia
one of the city
he said pictures
yeah
pay off in the king camp
you know if you just keep this up you're
gonna stay at the office at the house
you're not gonna come on the road
anymore you keep messing up like this
having to talk with my face didn't want
to perform today just screw it up I have
no idea what happened no wallet eyes my
name
apparently with stupid XLR
and everything she was both with me
there you go
I know we've gone through some rough
times but also some great times yes
we're gonna wrap this off the trucks
leaving yeah and this is Jelena and
Helena and you can just see well
identical twins identical twins right
and their father thought it would be a
funny joke to do that so that's legit
that's legit right there I had to show
you guys
learn something new about you every
single day but smoking yeah not smoke
I know what you're doing I know this
cigarette I know what you do it's right
there yeah you think after all that
dancing she needs some sleep time
you just want to be friends so so so
gentle your cook
worse yet sexy
which all tripping
worse
with trip in
don't forget
